Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Around Nothing's gonna ever keep you down
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 225 of Spittin' Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney, the pink lemonade flavored vodka
From our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka
What's up everybody?
Fortunately we have mostly Hockey to talk about this episode
Just a quick little snippet of the coaching shit that's been going on.
But let's say hello to the boys this fine Sunday.
Looking a little ragged, a few of us.
Let's go to producer Mikey G first.
What's going on, brother?
Ragged, I am not.
We have a great interview today with Kevin Hayes, a.k.a. the best one.
So I'm excited, boys.
Yeah, I was talking about me and Biz, yeah.
But next up, Ryan Whitney, the wit dog.
What'd you do last night, brother?
Saturday. I was asleep about me and Biz, yeah. But next up, Ryan Whitney, the Whit Dog. What'd you do last night, brother? Saturday.
I was asleep by like 1030.
I had a really long Friday night.
A bunch of us got together, a big group of friends.
I think it was 10 couples.
A couple people had to miss, but what a time we had.
So I ended up going to bed very late, sleeping, I don't know, four hours maybe.
And so last night I was gas piped.
I had to shut her down, and I did to get ready for this podcast. I'm excited to be here. It's great to talk to you guys and let's get
ripping. Let's get rolling. Yeah. We can't bounce back like we used to speak unless you're this guy,
Paul biz, nasty business. What's up, buddy? What do you mean? I look ragged. I was in bed at the
same time as wit last night. I had to fly on, uh, on Thursday after my, uh, pink Whitney event in
Scottsdale, by by the way that was awesome
great chat with some people um you know picture picture picture i love the conversation i had
i talked to one guy for about 20 minutes he was such an interesting guy he brought his kid and
you know he started asking me pointers about his kid and and he's uh he's young because he heard
the episode with all the crazy parents he's like i know man some of these people are fucking fit for a straight jacket and and you know i was
talking to this kid about you know play other sports and you know do like body weight stuff
don't even consider chucking weights at the age of like 12 years old so uh great great event there
then i got a call last minute to do something in Toronto. So I ended up flying red eye after that event into Toronto.
I filmed something on,
on a Friday with sports net and I met some very interesting people.
I can't say more,
anything more than that.
And then flew back Saturday morning boys and got a good,
got a bunch of my chores done,
got a good night's sleep.
And I am so excited for this episode.
We got fucking kevin hayes
the best of all the best the best one he's the best one and to have a guy who's you know
i guess of that caliber and and willing to come on this podcast and share stories and and and be
open because you're the kevin hayes you're getting on our podcast is the kevin hayes that's not on
the podcast so nothing changes.
There's no filter for Hayes, and he's 10 out of 10.
He gives a great breakdown win, and I'll pass it over to you,
of what it's like to have great team chemistry in a locker room
in the National Hockey League.
Listen, you got Hockey Mount Rushmore.
You got Gretzky.
You got Lemieux.
You got Orr.
We don't have any three of them.
Well, the fourth guy, Kevin Hayes, that's who we got.
So one down, three to go in terms of the greatest to ever do it all four of those guys hazy what a
beauty couple other things biz shocker you went out and did a content piece can't believe that
sure it turned out great though can't wait to see it uh second thing you mentioned you talked to a
guy and his son at the pink whitney event in scottsdale business like the only celebrity of
all time he's so shredded just smoked the pipe that usually people are like, all right, we're going to go.
He's like, wait, no, the conversation is just getting good. And the other thing I had to say
was the rink shrink. Great feedback. Great feedback. So we did let Ross aware. Listen,
Ross, you got to you got to now figure out the emails. And I love we already got a ton,
ton of emails about, listen,
this is the scenario my son or daughter is going through.
How do you think I approach it?
This is what happened.
Who was in the right or wrong?
And then you'll get the rink shrinks breakdown.
So he'll have a little more blueprint moving forward,
a little outline of how we're going to do that.
Maybe once a month we'll talk to him.
And other than that, I forgot the last thing I was going to say.
But still, glad to be here, and we have the best one, Kevin Hayes.
So go ahead, R.A., where are we starting?
Real quick, I mentioned all the coaching stuff that's been going on.
We're not really going to do a deep dive, but Brent Sopel and Sean Avery
each released statements and or videos in the past week.
They basically felt that their views were sort of misrepresented,
and they both come out and said actually they like playing for Crawford
and despite whatever he did to them, that he was good for them.
And Avery even said he deserved to be kicked.
Again, I think they just felt like the media was kind of speaking for them,
and I think they just wanted to kind of get their side out there a little bit.
So we're not going to do a deep dive on it.
We just want to let people know that they had something else to say
after all that shit.
So we can tweet out.
We actually did tweet out the statement.
All right. When I was talking to Avery, he's like, fuck, the guy didn't after all that shit. So, you know, we can tweet out. We actually did tweet out the statement.
All right.
When I was talking to Avery, he's like, fuck, the guy didn't kick me hard enough.
Yeah.
And he was making very light of it and said, hey, man, sometimes I need a fucking kick in the ass because I was being an ultra, ultra big asshole that day.
Yeah.
So, again, those guys, I think they just want to get their own narrative out.
And I don't think this is putting a bow on this story by any stretch, but at least for this week it is so we can move on to some fun stuff.
And Friday night in Arizona, I'm sorry, in Pittsburgh, Arizona,
Coyote Phil Kessler returned back to Pittsburgh for the first time since getting traded.
Boys, that was an incredible round of applause he got.
I mean, they were cheering, like, I think a minute into the play
when they started back up.
And when you get 45 points in 49 playoff games, win two cups,
that's the kind of reception you get, huh?
It couldn't be.
You just said it perfectly.
You show up when the games are at the most important,
and you play like that in the playoffs, and you raise the cup twice,
you're a hero forever in Pittsburgh, which you should be.
What a run he had.
I wasn't surprised at all.
What a sports town, too.
We've said it a bunch of times, underrated sports city.
And I think that
they respect somebody that when the when the chips are on the line is that the word yeah when when
when when you know when it really matters you come through in that city you're a god so phil
kessel will never pay for a beer again in that city or maybe people maybe some bookies let him
skip out on some money he might owe them i'm just i'm trying to think of stuff he enjoys doing i'm not giving a rumor or anything but congrats to him great feedback great
let's just hope he's not betting on hockey who are that clown yeah we already talked about him
i forgot in the nfl by the way do you guys see that tweet i sent out of james harden
holy shit biz if you haven't seen i get to, I get to talk about Phil Kessler.
We're going right into Harden here.
Sorry, sorry.
Go ahead.
Can we go to Harden afterward?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Well, I mean, you said blue-collar town Pittsburgh.
I mean, a lot of these people's memories rely on those sports teams,
and they got it done in the NFL kind of when we were around there.
It was, I would say, more of a football town at that time.
Now I think it's a hockey town.
And those guys
I mean Kessel man talk about a guy who doesn't want the praise either like during the video like
you could tell he's like you know rounds his shoulders kind of thing looking up a little bit
and like smiling but like he just man he just loves the game and wants to win like he doesn't
need the praise but uh you know very loved in that locker room. Remember there was that rumor that him and Malkin weren't getting along?
Remember at the start of the season that basically the reason he got moved
is because of their relationship?
Well, I mean, I'd say that we can put that rumor to rest
considering they got the head and knuckles going on center ice.
In the middle of the game, we're going to go to the tummy stick chart.
Not quite.
They've done enough together where we're not going to give them the tummy stick chart not quite they've done enough together
where we're not exactly you can't dog two that have done that no no they could they could have
literally reversed 69 on the ice and and i think i would have been okay with it considering what
they've been through together so and then malcolm even threw up a instagram post um as well so um
buddy uh unreal guy and all right do you have anything to say about it?
I want to ask what's a reverse 69 biz?
Oh, I was saying, like, I meant as if you're doing it with a girl and you do it and then she's the one standing up and, like, holding you.
Oh, okay.
This is like, yeah, you know, I've done that, like, 73 times.
Come on, you've never seen a por 2019 on youjizz.com where the
fucking woman is it's the ones now that's popular because like it's like the young kids so they're
like they look like they're 16 but they're actually 19 and they can sign the waiver in order to ruin
their own life but like they'll have like a girl who's like a little bit jacked and she'll just
throw it throw the kid around like anyway we could probably move on. Yeah, no. Castle man. He's a, he's a,
he's a doozy and I really hope we get him on the show this time.
All these teammates talk so much about him,
but we'd like to see a little of his personality. So if he's listening,
quickly the city of Pittsburgh,
if both teams are at the highest level is a football town. Sure.
I'm going to go out. I wonder what we'll hear back.
If they're both the best in the league, NHL, NFL, it's a football town.
Yes.
Right now, obviously, the success level of the Penguins has probably changed.
Well, I was factoring in the fact that Roethlisberger probably has, what,
two years max if he even comes back.
Yeah.
And then if they don't have a quarterback,
like they're going to be a 500 team for the next five, for the next five, six years, hockey town, hockey town.
Now we got to go back to another sport, the James Harden thing.
I didn't watch that video you sent to the group chat.
Okay.
So this is what happens.
He goes up for a rebound or whatever it is.
And he literally gets like just the back of a guy's hand just grazes his cheek.
guy's hand just grazes his cheek and and so what happened was the the first clip before they show the replay which i smoothly was able to rewind with my finger on the bar like i was doing it
like it was like a professional job so i i really show you what happened but before they showed him
walking off the court well after he went um ballistic and like grabbed his face like a
little baby after he got this little backhand to his cheek he ended up falling and hitting his face like a little baby after he got this little backhand to his cheek,
he ended up falling and hitting his head.
Okay?
So that's, I think, why he left the game.
And that's what people are like, you're not even showing when he hit his head.
No, I didn't need to, you idiots.
I'm showing the reaction he does when he throws his hand, his face in his hands.
And he's like, ah!
Well, because he did that is why he hit his head like an idiot.
So I hope he doesn't have a concussion.
Nobody roots for concussions, even me against NBA guys.
Never want to see a head injury.
But if you're going to actually tell me that you're not showing why he left the game,
no, dude, I'm showing the complete embarrassment of a reaction to getting a pinky off your cheek.
So I'll say after watching this video now while you went to town on him.
How good is that rewind with my thumb in the bar?
Oh, you did that?
That was your little remix?
Yes.
All the damage that occurred was basically done by himself.
That's all I'll say.
He overreacted to the graze of the cheek,
and maybe he got banged up in the head because of it.
But he did play last night.
Cause I think they played against the sons.
So he's back.
He ain't out with a shocker.
He was able to come back from that.
He's a fucking warrior,
bro.
A warrior.
Okay.
We're moving on.
Speaking of best support and actor nominations,
Thursday night in Carolina,
Joe Thornton and Peter Mrazik had a bit of a skirmish.
Mrazik swung a stick at Joe pretty hard.
Joe bopped him in the face.
It wasn't too hard.
Mrazek went down like the Titanic.
And his teammates got so much of a kick out of it,
they actually spray-painted a chalk right on the ice the next day
to let you know that they fucking knew he was kind of dogging it a little too.
Biz, how fucking funny was that?
Well, I guess we can't be ragging on basketball if it's happening in hockey too, right?
Goalie, they don't count okay so
i will say if let's say that was tom wilson who did that we might be talking games here
oh we might be talking games here throw them out of the league throw them out of the league
big joe jumbo joe gets a pass and the chop yeah it was a nasty chop. And, hey, if goalies want to play that game,
they deserve a little shimmy shake once in a while.
Catch them right up the jaw and be like, hey,
this is a big boy game here outside the crease.
You want to play it?
Let's fucking roll.
Huh?
Let's fucking go.
Toothpick in the face, Chico.
But Jumbo Joe, yeah, having none of that fucking bullshit slash
gives him a nice little stiff arm.
And it was nice that they could all laugh about it afterward.
So that probably gives the Carolina fans like,
oh, okay, I guess we can make fun of ourselves once in a while.
If you're going to slash someone or try to slash somebody
and then go up to them in a form of like kind of stepping
to them you have to know 1000 you're getting punched in the face it doesn't matter what
position you play you tried to slash one first and then you come at him like he was just like
little throat punch bang and the reaction was incredible i mean you you could tell right away
like it looked like he actually got shot from
someone in the stands a sniper like style shooting um but yeah it's pretty funny jumbo is like nope
i'm 42 years old or however old he is i'll do whatever i want to and the fact that uh like the
the melee that that ensued after i love that it was old school all of a sudden you just saw hands
and bodies kind of flying around so i happen happened to catch it live, too, somehow.
Or maybe I was watching NHL Network where they just go around.
It might have been a couple minutes after it happened.
But you knew the next day somehow his teammates would screw with him.
And the way they did it so everyone else could see with the spray paint
that you said, R.A., was perfect.
R.A., you know what I really respect about Joe Thornton now that, you know,
he's not lugging the same minutes as he used to,
not really producing offensively,
and he's in a bottom six role.
But he's also adapting
the chippiness as well.
I mean, he was just melting off
with Tom Wilson the other day. He doesn't
give a fuck. He's always kind of been
a mean prick.
Would you agree now that he's not playing
as much? He has more energy in order to handle
that type of shit? Probably. What you said is he's embracing it he's probably like all right
third fourth line i'm gonna just start being kind of more of a rat where he's getting 120 points
what does he even have time for that shit exactly but i respect that about him knowing that like he
doesn't think he's exempt to playing that side of the role because of what he's done in the past so
that just tells you how big of a legend he is. And Carolina Hurricanes fans, I know some of you might be shaking your head
and maybe you're punching the emblem on your steering wheel
and you're mad because we're giving Joe Thornton a pass on this one.
He gets a fucking pass.
Oh, God, yeah.
Suck on that one, Mrazik.
I think the fact that Mrazik's own teammates spray-painted a chalk outline
on the ice pretty much speaks to that.
Everybody was kind of on Joe's side here.
Have they asked Marazic about that?
Or do you think he's being grumpy gills?
I hadn't seen a quote on it yet, but, I mean,
you've got to laugh at that fucking point.
When your own boy's a dog and you're like that, I mean,
that's all you can really do.
You know what you get made fun of sometimes?
And, like, you're mad about it.
I didn't fucking dive.
And he's like, you know, maybe he's poopy pants about it.
Who knows?
The Sacramento Kings GM was watching the clip.
He's like, oh, can that guy dribble?
Oh, shit.
Yeah, boys.
And after that little dust up, I'm sure Mrazek wants to freshen up a little.
And hopefully he's using Orson Alps skin care because their skin and body care
is strong enough for hockey sweat and has you covered if you have a few too
many holiday toasts.
Check out their caffeine infused wake up stick as well. Body care is strong enough for hockey sweat and has you covered if you have a few too many holiday toasts.
Check out their caffeine-infused wake-up stick as well.
Just give it a little swipe under the eyes to reduce the under-eye bags and darkness.
It does the trick.
You definitely want to check out Oz and Alps.
If you don't like it, you get your money back. And you also save 15 on your first order when you use the code RED at OASkincare.com.
Once again, that's OASkincare.com. Use again, that's OASkincare.com.
Use the code RED to get 15 off,
and now you'll be looking good and smelling fresh as a daisy
like the biz man over there.
Boy, Saturday.
You know what I smell like.
Yeah, yeah, herb.
Oh, well, let's get back to R.A. saying we all look at Raggedy,
and he was the only one that looks raggedy.
He tried bringing us all down because he knew he was looking bad,
and we're buzzing right now.
R.A., I'll go down with the ship.
I'll play the violin until it goes down, buddy.
I'll be jumping on that raft.
I'll get me, Bree, and the baby right on the raft, and we're out of there.
Hey, Grelly, what did you say?
You never hop in mid-combo.
I said, Biz, I think you look absolutely fantastic right now.
You're glowing right now.
Well, that's because of all the facial products I'm using.
You look young as hell.
All you people chirping me, you hopped on the Avery bandwagon.
I don't give a shit.
I'm going to look like I'm 41, I'm 60, and I'm still going to be crushing young puss.
Do you think Biz is as hot as he is because his body, Grinnell?
If Biz gained 30, he's terrible.
It's more about that you're big and jacked.
I think it's all his confidence.
I think he's going to be hot no matter what he does.
He's so confident with any woman.
But then all of a sudden she's like,
hey, I heard that episode in November
of 2017. You weren't that great.
She's like, what? No!
No, that's the only time.
Are you guys chirping me right now?
I don't know why. I just started going at you.
That was rude. I apologize. Oh, no, dude. I don't give a fuck. I'm a little high. I didn't even kind of catch on what you guys chirping me right now? I don't know why. I just started going at you. That was rude. I apologize.
Oh, no, dude.
I don't give a fuck.
I'm a little high.
I didn't even kind of catch on what you guys were saying there.
Wait, you just mentioned Ryder.
I got your Christmas card the other day.
He's got some salad going on there.
I like it.
Yeah, exactly.
I said, oh, I hope he gets good hair.
My hair sucks.
So I've got a tennis ball in my hair.
Are you going to get those plugs in the front?
I might actually look in.
I went and saw the guy.
I might do it.
I might try to thicken it up in the front where it's really thin.
I don't know, though.
It's like you get stitches in your head and shit.
I don't know about it yet.
I haven't decided, but I've seen some pictures where I'm like, dude,
I'm a balding loser.
I think I might get not like a nose job, but I might get my nose done soon.
I thought you had it done a couple times.
I actually think.
So I used to talk to Jordan Eberle.
I was like, you're going to fix your teeth, dude.
He's like, no, it's like that's who I am.
Like, I have the gap in my teeth.
So I think you kind of have to have that snout.
It's like once you lose that snout, you're just a guy with a Halloween tattoo on your forearm.
I still got my foreskin. I still got my four scan.
I still got my four Z.
We got really off the rails there.
Yeah, I'd say just a bit.
Boy, Saturday night, man, we had a clash of two of the NHL's best so far this season.
Colorado was visiting Boston, and I made sure to head in to see this game.
I rung up the bees.
They hooked me up, as usual, with the credential.
And, dude, that Avalanche team is fucking unbelievable.
That third period, they were playing with, like, playoff intensity,
diving in front of every shot, blocking everything,
getting sticks and lanes.
And I met up with McKinnon after.
I wanted to say hello to him as a chick.
Get the fuck out of here.
You went down to say hi to him?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, you got to tell what happened with you and the captain too that's
the that's got to be a pretty cool moment for you all right yeah i ain't gonna lie biz wasn't on
with us before yeah but so i think oh you know we hung out with mckinnon for a few days i'll go down
he's in in boston i'll go out say what's up to him so while i was waiting in the hallway
and there's no one there just me standing there and landa scott comes walking down the hall
what a fucking man rocket he is boy glasses on his head oh from the nice suit and uh we kind of make eye contact and he stops he's like
is that our ray like get the fuck out of here i swear he fucking legend bro snipe me in the
hallway i shit my pants to it i was like this is our raise asking that for the security camera
footage did you guys get that i i almost shit i was like hey
what's up so i yeah i was like we gotta get you on the show sometime he's like yeah absolutely
and we were shooting the breeze about the show for a few minutes i i was like i was kind of
snatched truck for a sec just the fact like i said he sniped me and then uh nate come out a few
minutes after we i know i say you're in town i want to make sure i said hello and you know we
walked to the bus together shooting the breeze a little bit. So it was actually funny. Well, me
and McKinnon are walking at some one of the
like bull gang leans over like
I thought he was going to grab McKinney's. Hey,
and we went over. He reached over and shook my hand.
Not McKinnon. Oh, dude, enough.
You were fucking crushing that.
That didn't happen. No way.
So it's not a now you better
get that fucking security footage for that
second comment.
Telling me someone came up and pigeon-tossed McKinnon
and went in for the handshake for R.A.?
Dude, Nate was there because we laughed our faces off after.
It was kind of like, yeah, this is what's going on now.
The guy's like, R.A., you still owe me 12,000 from the winter of 2009,
you fucking scumbag.
No, if anything, fucking.
And then McKinnon gave him his watch and said, I got this one, all right.
So McKinnon gave him his left shoe.
It was definitely a 24K.
Yeah, it was fucking worth more than my whole watch.
Speaking of that, quickly about the Avalanche,
what a cool thing to read. And I think you saw it or you heard it when you heard us interview McKinnon
about how down to earth of a guy he is and how much he idolizes Crosby.
And I bring this up because Crosby took less money
and you saw the quotes from McKinnon this week.
It was all about, I will take, I took less money now
and people talk about that I'm the biggest bargain in the NHL,
kind of along with Pasternak.
But I'll take less money again because all I want to do is win with this group.
And you mentioned that group, all right.
They went down 1-0 in that game.
Didn't matter one bit.
I mean, they  Makar on the back end with a bunch of other guys,
the pace they play with, the depth they have.
Kadri was a huge  that was a great trade for them.
I'm saying for both teams because Barry's looked awesome
since the coaching change in Toronto.
But still, Kadri's just added a little depth offensively,
being a rat, being a pass, being able to shut down the top guys.
They are as deep of a team as you look.
And I was so impressed to see McKinnon say that because it's not easy.
People often ask, well, why doesn't everyone take a deal
if they really want to win?
Well, you get some pressure from around the league and the PA
because the more guys that take deals, the worse it is for the entire Players Association.
That's just kind of how it works.
I mean, for years, Ray Bork was kind of so underpaid,
and you look back to the times when, oh, my God, if he was making more,
everyone else would have made more.
So it's not easy to be be an underpaid guy
and i don't think mckinnon would ever make six and a half again or whatever he's making now but
he won't look to break the team's back with a huge deal and that does matter that's a good point you
just made about uh you know you know guys being a little frustrated when guys take team friendly
deals and and that's a thing that exists like certain guys are like call this fucking guy like
i i've had buddies of mine be pissed and i'm like man like if they enjoy the environment they're in
and that's what they have to take in order to stay there like you can't put a price on that
now that's another point as far as negotiations are concerned where you know gms are using
comparables from other guys where it's pretty tough as a player and an agent to go to the team and say, yeah, well, I mean,
that guy gets to fucking win and be around competent people.
You know?
Wait, dude, have you seen his team?
Look at us.
What are you talking about?
That's not a cop, okay?
That guy's having fun.
I'm in hell.
Get me out of here.
Get me out of here. Get me out of here. Give me 17 million a year.
Mista, mista lady.
Get me out of here.
So, yeah, no, that was an interesting point,
and I kind of forgot what the original comment was.
Oh, about McKinnon.
McKinnon, sorry.
About McKinnon saying that.
Now, if you're a Colorado Avalanche fan,
and I would imagine that that's the reason you're wearing that hat today
is because you're now an adopted fan, R.A.
R.A.'s wearing a Colorado Avalanche hat.
R.A. has a hat for every NHL team.
As a Bruins fan, it's insanity.
That's a Colorado Rockies hat, actually.
Same thing.
You know what people are going to think.
But didn't they wear that jersey?
They wore that.
See, that's the state flag, that C with the mountain.
That's the Colorado.
So that's why they have, yeah, a version of it.
But this is the Rockies right before they left for the New York. I thought that was your kind of correlation between you playing tummy sticks
with the Avalanche team in the garden, by the way.
So just stabbing your own team in the back.
But if you're a Colorado Avalanche fan right now,
having your own team in the back.
But if you're a Colorado Avalanche fan right now,
you're here in the second best player in the world.
I think, well, I guess Dreisaitl top five.
Let's put McKinnon top five, no questions asked.
I would put him number two behind McDavid,
saying he's going to take a team-friendly deal.
Oh, my fucking God. What's everyone else going to do?
Oh, man. You know what you just got you just
speaking of the bruins you just got yourself another boston fucking bruins organization
everybody's buying in we're all gonna win and have a good time we're all gonna still make a
lot of fucking money and yeah you might have five or ten million less at the end of your your career
well in the long run but we we're going to be legends.
Well, if you look right now, Ryan Whitney's top four in the NHL,
or we'll go two east, two west, Boston, Washington, St. Louis, Colorado.
None of them, I mean, Boston and Colorado are similar.
None of them make a ton of money.
Washington obviously has Ovechkin.
There's some differences with that team. But St. Louis, O we i think it's seven and a half cap hit i mean nothing's
that crazy now edmonton fans right away are saying well edmonton should be up there yeah they have
they have you know two huge deals there but it still shows if you're lucky enough to be a fan
of a team or the gm of a team and don sweeney Joe Sackick, where you're looking around and saying, these guys aren't trying to break the bank,
then we 100 have a leg up on other teams.
It's a fact.
Aside from Ovechkin in Washington,
because I think he's making, what, 10 and a half?
Which, I would still consider that a deal for what he does.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, Ovi's like the one guy. Like, McDavid will never get chirped for making as much what he does. You know what I'm saying?
Ovi's like the one guy.
Like, McDavid will never get chirped for making as much as he can.
It's different.
Like, dude, you deserve that.
Get it.
Look at the last 10 years, aside from Washington and Ovechkin. I don't think a team has won it with a guy making over, like,
8.5 million.
If you got some guys on those mega deals, it's hard, man,
because now you can spend less on others,
and there's just not enough money to go get the guys like the Coddrys
and the Sandpaper guys that are going to get the job done
and play beyond their worth.
So Colorado is going to be in good shape.
And I mentioned Boston and that, who's another team who,
it's like every year they're good now because they have everyone, you know,
exceeding what they're making contract wise.
I think you could definitely see the influence that Sid has on Nate.
Of course, Sid said on the podcast, you know, this summer,
take unless doesn't work unless everybody does it.
And, you know, McKinnon said, we have guys that wouldn't be here.
Otherwise, you know, guys like him didn't take less.
And he said on my next deal,
I'll take less again because I want to win with this group like which just said and you know you got to think that sid has
some sort of influence there as well i'm sorry i sound like such a player stand stan because i was
one but listen take as much as you can earn i'm not going to judge you but in the end it's also
i'm in such agreement where like dude what how much money can you spend? So you make 89 million over 107 million?
Dude, you're flying private everywhere, living wherever you are.
It doesn't matter.
So I understand completely.
I want to win.
I enjoy this place.
I'm not going to absolutely crush this team.
I think we've said it before, R.A.
If you're a player and you're gonna gouge a
little bit as soon as you're not playing good i could understand why there's going to be more
backlash if you want benefit of the doubt as a player and you're going to make a shit ton of
money it's in your best interest to be like i'm going to take a little bit less we're going to go
long term and we're going to get some shit done there. Then all of a sudden the fans are like, fuck, yeah, this guy's with us.
Yeah, he's our buddy.
And then, I mean, Christ, over eight years already,
if you're getting 10 as opposed to 11, I mean, after the taxes and all that,
I mean, that four is something your great grandkid might have got.
You're not going to spend it like that.
So I can understand from a fan perspective why maybe some of you get frustrated
and you're a little bit harder on certain guys who don't take team-friendly deals.
Also, a couple other notes on Colorado.
Goaltender Philip Grubow, he was slow getting up after a save last night.
They ended up having to take him out of the game.
But I'll tell you, his backup, this kid, Pavel Frank,
who Merle's told us about him in the KHL,'s too old uh to be eligible for the call to this year but nine games start nine
starts this year seven and two with a two two four and a nine three one save percentage this
kid has been lights out there's been absolutely no drop off from him but what's funny is uh after
they brought him in the game i went down to visit a couple a couple of uh the townies that were at
the game and one of the dudes that was hanging out, he got a call.
He was the e-bug.
He was legitimately in the stands fucking watching the game,
and then he got the fucking call to come down in case, you know,
God forbid, Frank Hoos got hurt.
He would have had to go from the stands to the fucking game,
which always cracks me up.
Do they send him down to the locker room or a room near the locker room
and he gets dressed kind of?
He goes down to the room.
I don't know how fully dressed he got. He doesn't go to the room room or a room near the locker room and he gets dressed kind of he goes down to the room i don't know how fully dressed he got they said he doesn't go to the room i bet not
i think they have like a like an anti-room type thing where you're not sitting with the big boys
but you can be somewhat close as you get your gear on but it's just funny like we've talked about it
a bunch in the show how close it is to just having some rando in an nhl game and the funniest part to
me is that he could play for either team like Like, if the same situation, obviously Boston's,
maybe they probably had someone else there,
but he can fucking end up suiting up for either team.
That's just such a wild thing.
Also, too, Don, Eunice Donskoy, he got hurt.
He didn't return to the game.
And another guy, Kael McCarr, a guy we talked about a ton on the show,
he took a hit from Marshawn, and he didn't return to the game after.
Couldn't really tell if it was a limb or hopefully it wasn't his head, but he didn't return the game after. Couldn't really tell if it was a limb or hopefully
it wasn't his head, but he had to leave the game.
Hopefully he's going to be fine because he's a great
player to watch.
LA was back in Calgary Saturday night,
but before that, Drew Doughty
was talking to the Edmonton media about Calgary,
and he said he likes
Edmonton over Calgary. He said Calgary's
different. I don't care to talk to their
media or be there at all, to be honest,
but I do enjoy winning there for sure.
Pretty funny stuff, this ongoing saga with Doughty and Calgary biz.
I said it last time, but I'm still online reading Twitter.
Of course, I like going to watch that clip because Doughty's stirring the pot.
He's feeding right into it.
We still got the hot takes from Calgary fans
that you're living rent-free in Drew Doughty's head.
Like, fuck, what are you talking about?
He had the game winner last time he was there.
What did he have last game?
Was it a goal and two assists?
A goal and an assist.
Last one, when they said he was living rent-free,
two Stanley Cups, more than your entire organization.
Okay?
Now they're going through a bit of a downtrend
because they won two fucking Stanley Cups,
and sometimes you have to sacrifice assets for that.
And then once again, he says that before this game,
and then all of them, again, hot takes, rent-free.
It's like, what are you talking about?
And then he fucking has another goal and an assist on your team following that
so next time he says it say send the same fucking tweet you dummy i think there's people are so
fucking stupid well they're just seeing like a hall of fame player get rattled more than he
usually does so they talk about it right i mean like it's it's total kind of make a story out
of nothing whereas he's lighting up. It's not affecting his play.
But this guy's a legend in the NHL.
It is affecting his play.
It's making him play better.
It's better.
So that's why he's doing it.
So he's like, I'm going to chirp him every time.
I'm going to elevate my play when I go in there.
And then some of these knuckleheads are like, oh, he's washed up.
But he's got fucking 20 points in 30 games as a defenseman.
He fucking plays 25.
And they stink. And they stink. He's got fucking 20 points in 30 games as a defenseman. He fucking plays 25 things.
And they stink.
And they stink.
So, oh, God, some of these fucking idiots online, man.
These fucking bozos.
And in the same game, Milan Lucic scored his 200th career goal,
so he's one of five active players with 200 goals
and at least 1,100 penalty minutes,
joining Thornton, Perry, Bagus, and Chara.
Go ahead, Biz.
And he's playing better.
He's starting to put up some points.
He's got two goals and five assists.
Yes, is it James Neal?
No.
Okay?
And I know early on that that was, of course,
the storyline when they were struggling.
Like, oh, Lucic, Lucic.
But remember after they were going through a tough stretch there
and they were going to be playing weaker competition.
They've been going on a bit of a roll here,
and they've been winning those games.
I remember in the gambling corner, I said, start hammering Calgary.
I mean, hey, they've got to take advantage of those types of teams.
The whole team's starting to play a little better.
I mean, I don't know if you guys saw that fucking feed
that Goudreau gave Monaghan the other night.
That was fucking
filthy did you see how lateral goudreau got in the in the neutral zone he like he was gonna get it
cut off and then all of a sudden he like just like right back the other way and like the amount of
space that he covered for a guy that small and how lateral he went so fast in order to, like, open up another lane, that's Johnny Goudreau.
He's starting to  if that top six starts cooking, baby, look out.
You got another Colorado on your hands, man,
because, like, the whole team was struggling.
They weren't playing good hockey.
Now they're starting to roll, and I tell you what,
I know everyone's talking about the James Neal having success and Lucic,
but, you know, I think he's rounding out that bottom six nicely.
Another guy who got called up who I really like his game,
and I know a lot of people don't like him because of his past, is Ronaldo.
Buddy, he fucking  he can move.
He's an incredible skater.
He's going to
Is he really?
Oh, my God.
He's an incredible skater.
I didn't know that.
He buzzes around out there.
He had another hit against L.A. that I don't want to say it was questionable.
I think he kept his shoulder down.
He had to answer the bell against Clifton.
Clifton was fighting him out there when they were shoveling on the fucking ice.
They had the ice girls on the ice, and these guys are trying to throw hands.
So that might have been a first time for that.
But I think he's a little spark plug that adds that element
of other teams' defensemen here in footsteps.
You know, it's like Kamikaze style where they're going to start
making some more plays or start missing some more passes back there.
They're going to turn it over and he adds to that four check
on the bottom six lines.
Or the bottom two lines excuse
me so um i i like calgary moving forward here i think they've worked out the kinks and and uh
yeah i kind of rambled on quite a bit there yeah he certainly brings an element that neil doesn't
bring in like the physicality and fucking burying people what's up with the jets on those you want
to add and congrats on the 200 goals i know know we were talking about Lucic, but I thought Calgary deserted some
credit lately. Absolutely.
Another team we wanted to mention, Minnesota.
We know they did lose Saturday night
in Raleigh, but they had an 11-game point
streak before that. And, you know, they lost
Miku Koivu and Jared Spurge, and
those are obviously two huge holes in your lineup
until you figure the streak had to end at some point.
Plus, also, man, they had to play
20 of their first 30 on the road.
And as Matt Dumba says, that's ridiculous.
I mean, that's obviously, you know, buildings,
you've got to accommodate other stuff.
But to have 20 of your first 30 on the road,
that's a fucking  that's a tough thing to have to battle.
7-1-2 in their last 10, it's put Minnesota right back
into the playoff mix where, you know, they kind of look dead and buried
about a fucking month ago.
What's your take on the Minnesota Wild?
Well, they had a horrendous streak.
I want to say it's like the second time ever that it's happened
where 20 of the first 30 is on the road.
They come home.
I think they got a three-game homestand,
and they go right back on the road.
It is true, right?
Not many teams in the league can withstand losing two of your best players,
and I think that one's an upper- injury, one's a lower body injury.
They both look like a couple weeks.
I think that they said Spurgeon was the upper body, and rumor has it,
Michael Russo, the athletic reporter from Minnesota, said it's a broken hand.
That's tough, right?
Spurgeon, I've been blowing that kid since we started.
All right, I've been talking about him since before Biz was on the podcast.
Absolutely, yeah. He's as good as advertised.
He signed a huge deal because of that.
Because of what?
Yeah, thank you.
You're welcome.
What I think hurts,
not what I think, what I know,
is that the start, this is what's so frustrating.
You know injuries come throughout the year.
Well, you have such a bad start
that then you finally go on a run
and you get things going. You lose two of these top guys,
and you just hope to go kind of 500 as long as they're out.
But when you have such a bad start, it's like it makes it so difficult.
You have no wiggle room after what they went through at the beginning.
But Bill Guerin talked about how big Miku Koivu's been
and how upset he was to get injured.
He'll still get honored for his 1th game play at home at their next
home game.
I don't know if it's Sunday and Monday or Tuesday.
Holy fuck.
Talk about a big range of days.
It's coming up and he's going to get honored,
but he won't be able to play after.
I mean,
that,
that kind of,
that's a pretty shitty feeling as a guy who is getting honored in front of
all these people.
He spent his entire,
entire career there and he doesn't get to go out and perform after,
but the team looks good.
As much as we shit on them,
they've really kind of figured out what it takes to be successful.
Like the Joel Eriksson act, well, all of a sudden he's found his role.
He's figured out what's going on.
He's probably not going to be an elite scorer or an offensive player
as they thought when he was drafted, but he's pissing people off.
The guy's a pain in the ass to play against.
People hate playing against him.
Ryan Donato has been out of the lineup a little bit.
He goes back in.
He's able to perform.
Parisi's looked really good.
And then, you know, Luke Coonan, this kid's a young American guy.
We talked about him at World Juniors already years ago.
He hasn't become the top two-line player yet,
but get him on that third line with Eric Sinek.
He could be a pain in the ass, too, while also having having offense and i guess right now they're looking a lot better we said some nasty
shit about the wild they are looking better i i never think they'll win the cup i think it'll be
great if they get in the playoffs but it is good to see a team we dog really start to pick it up
and play better well we didn't think they were going to be good because of their age and and
and you know guys were underachieving a little bit based on their contracts.
I thought we were fair.
We said that that's an older group.
Well, maybe they'll play with a chip on their shoulder
because everyone's doubting them.
I didn't factor in last night's game because I took in some notes,
but one thing that's helped them since Dubnick's been out
is their offense has been good.
They've had three or more goals in in uh in eight of those 10 games where
they went undefeated in regulation okay and they i know they lost uh who they lose to on on saturday
carolina carolina they got five points and they got smoked yeah they got smoked but uh you know
they they beat some fucking good teams during that stretch man they beat the avalanche they beat
florida tampa and dallas and you know i i think that
because that leadership group and the older guys it kind of helped them get through that whereas
if it would have been a younger group maybe they would have stumbled and remember all that shit
happened with with uh budro and zucker ever since then they did a lot better and of course the the
gm change and billy garren coming in but you know they got some good things going right now my one concern for them and it could be a positive
is they're not getting a ton of contribution from the young guys where not significant contributions
they're not getting offensive contributions to get it's other stuff where but it's not yeah you're
not getting goals right but they're not having any of these young guys pop off where,
hey, maybe they needed this small window at the start of the season in order to find their game, and now they're going to amp it up from here.
And with the contributions, if they can stay consistent from the older guys,
hey, they might fucking be a playoff team.
I know it's crazy.
I know it's a crazy talk, but who knows?
But, man, their top six guys, other than Zucker, are over the age in scoring,
excuse me, are over the age 30 and above.
So Zucker's 27 and all the other guys are fucking 30, 34, 35.
The only other guy who's younger and who can contribute a little bit
offensively is at Fiala.
Now, I don't know.
Is that guy going to take the next step?
Is that guy going to get stuck in that, you know, 40, 45-point window
where it's like, okay, well, like, is he a top six guy?
Like, you know, is he a third liner for life?
Like, what do we got here?
So, Donato hasn't had the type of success he had when he moved over last year
in that trade.
Like, there's another guy I'm sure they're hoping can start, you know,
elevating his game offensively.
I mean, I think he's only got, I think he's under 10 points this year.
All right.
Right.
Yeah.
Let's see.
He's got, yeah.
Four goals, three assists in the 27 games.
He's been in and out of the lineup and then he's been in the fourth line.
He went up to the second line and look good, but they basically, yeah,
they need more out of the young guys and he's included
in that and lastly do we know how long dub dub next out i do not i do not off the top of my
head no but that that kid uh what's it uh cocking and i mean he's only played two games but uh he
he might be the future uh of goaltender for this team they took him what fourth round back in 14
again it's only two games but uh he's looked very impressive in the two he's played so far.
Well, there you go.
So if they're able to continue their offense and maintain it,
I mentioned that three goals or more in eight of their last 10,
and that was before that loss to Carolina on numbers-wise.
But if they can start getting some goaltending, man,
then I think they're okay.
They're a competent team.
Yeah, Dubnik's week to week.
And, you know, they've been doing it by committee.
They don't have, like, a McKinnon to carry them.
So they've kind of done the scoring by committee.
And, like I said, they're back in the mix right now.
Oh, and shout out to Zouk.
He got a great reception in New York, and he also has been on fire lately.
I think he scored in three or four straight right around there.
So you knew he'd pick it up after a slow start,
but it was cool to see the Rangers fan really appreciate what he did for them.
Absolutely.
And, you know, Minnesota looking pretty slick out there.
And speaking of looking slick, have you gotten your movement watch yet?
Holy shit, the holidays are here.
You want to get some gifts for the old man, maybe your brother,
whoever, your brother-in-law.
Well, movement watches has you covered this season with hundreds of watches, blue light glasses, sunnies,
and jewelry styles to choose from.
Stuff your stockings, impress your family,
wow your partners, and treat yourself with the perfect gift.
Movement is making it easy with beautiful curated gift boxes,
his and her gift guides, and free and quick shipping
right to your door just in time for the holidays.
I got mine a couple months back.
The thing is slick as hell.
Everybody asks me, well, you got it?
I send them right over to Movement.
You want to go to Movement, that's MVMT.com.
You're going to get 15 off with free shipping and free returns.
That's MVMT.com slash chicklets.
Can't forget chicklets.
One more time, MVMT.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-l-e-t-s these bad boys started just
95 great product clean design so get at it whether for yourself or a gift mvmt.com slash chicklets
get on it for a nice beautiful watch um boys humming along here a little bit uh what's up
biz you had something oh yeah my buddy sent me me this, and I was looking over the facts.
So I would assume that it's the only professional sports team
to not lose in regulation.
But this is going to make any other people outside of Boston puke.
The Bruins are also the first professional local team to lose at home
since the Red Sox lost to Baltimore Orioles
on September 28th.
The Patriots are 5-0 at home this season,
and the Celtics improved to 9-0 on Friday.
Oh, I didn't know that.
I live right.
So the people of Boston haven't gone to a game in two and a half months
since a loss.
With the regulation loss.
With the regulation loss.
Which is, I mean, that's all that matters.
Yeah.
You know, listen.
I mean, you got an OT or shootout.
You get a point, you leave.
You're happy and hard.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty impressive.
Like, and Boston's still dragging their nuts
across the rest of the continent when it comes to sports.
You said something there, Whit,
that reminded me of something I wanted to talk about.
Do you guys agree that late in games now in the NHL, if it's tied,
most teams play pretty passive where the last five to ten minutes
can be, you know, unentertaining?
Yeah, some teams.
Especially the road teams.
Some people completely disagree.
I think that they should try it for a year where wins
and regulations count as three points.
Oh, I couldn't agree more with that.
I've said it.
Three, two, one.
Soccer style.
Enough is enough.
Make a regulation win more valuable.
Yeah.
And that's, you know, like i just think of the entertainment aspect
another thing that we talked about was uh was going longer three on three as opposed to a
shootout i'm gonna stay by my my word i would like to try them do it one season where it's the three
two one as far as points are spread out um of course it would be three for regulation win uh
two for an overtime or shootout win uh one point if you go to a past
regulation um the seven or eight minutes of three on three hockey the only problem being that of
course the best players are on the ice they're playing more the season's long you're you're
talking injury prevention so the phpa would have to agree to it but that's the minors but the nhlpa yeah oh did i
say phpa oh sorry my bad that's what happens when you play three year in the fucking jungle to
finish your career anyway but i just like to see them try it because it would make games down the
stretch more entertaining especially later in the season we're like if teams have to catch up it's
like we're we got to go for it here. We're pressuring.
There's going to be more offense, less boring hockey.
All right.
I was actually going to say the Devils before that.
The Devils come out and said Jack Hughes will not be playing
in the World Juniors after Christmas.
I guess the  what's his name?
Ken Campbell at the Hockey News, he basically wrote a column saying
he should play in the Juniors, and that kind of caused enough of a kerfuffle
where the Devils felt the need to come out and say that he wasn't playing
head coach Alain, or is it Alain or Alan?
Oh, Alain Nasserdine?
Yeah.
Yeah, he came out and said, quote, it was shut down right away.
We have no intention of sending him there.
He's on the team.
He's a big part of this team, so it's not something where we want to lose him for three weeks.
Yeah, he's not going there.
Like I said, it seemed to be a response to a column in the hockey news,
but Jack Hughes isn't going anywhere.
What's up, Biz?
Jack Hughes.
Oh, sorry, Biz.
Oh, I was just going to say quickly, Whit.
I didn't read the article, so I don't know how critical it was.
Now, if we're talking about him going to World Juniors,
I wouldn't think it would be a bad thing just for the simple fact that he's been in a losing
environment to start out his early NHL career and maybe to go back to get a little bit of
confidence and maybe like, you know, you know, touch the puck in more situations and, and,
and, you know, and, and remember what it's like to be, to be in that winning environment.
Wouldn't be a bad thing.
But as you're saying, if they need him and he's fucking one of their better players and he's carrying play, then, yeah, of course,
you're not going to send him back to the World Juniors.
Jack Hughes is on pace for like 40-ish points after a horrific start
and looks like, you know, my neighbor who's playing street hockey every day.
He has zero business playing in the World Juniors.
That is beyond.
He's done enough.
I've seen enough where no way.
He is playing on our first power play.
That kid is not going back to World Juniors.
I'm not saying it would really hurt him because you are right.
To be winning, it would probably be a lot of fun.
He'd light it up.
But in the end, dude, he is an NHL player.
We've moved past that. I wouldn't even consider
hammering anyone who said he's not going.
I'm just saying, dude, I
wouldn't see it as a negative.
Okay. After the
Ducks-Caps game on Friday,
Ryan Getzlaff called Gannett
Hathaway cowardly for taking
so long to respond after the spitting
stuff. Getzlaff said Hathaway could have done a lot better job at sticking up for himself,
answering the bell when he should have.
I thought it was a cowardly thing to do to sit around and wait and wait and wait
and act like he gets to make the decision when he spit on someone.
There used to be a pride in a code now game that you answer the bell when you do things like that.
And Goodbranson expressed disappointment as well, but he appeared to move on.
Quote, not ideal from my standpoint.
I thought it was a pretty simple thing to deal with,
but he handled it the way he wanted to handle it,
which is certainly not the way I would have.
But at the end of the day, it happened, and I'm happy it's over with
and we can put it to bed.
Those quotes are courtesy of Russian Machine Never Breaks.
Biz, I know you had some comments on this.
Yeah, I'm a little confused too.
I've never done that.
My wires would never cross where I felt like they need to spit in someone's face.
But if they did, and obviously
Team swallow.
A female, different story.
But it was requested, okay?
You're fucked up, all right?
I'm not even trying to talk about the sex shit
and you're the one bringing it up so i get hammered on to talk about sex shit but you
guys tee me up more than anything um now i lost my train of thought but um if i'd ever done it
the first thing i would have done in warm-ups would call them over and say dude i'm fucking
sorry about that that was a fuck up but yeah, first shift, let's get this over with.
Boom.
Fight.
Now, the only explanation I have for it is maybe Hathaway knew that
Gabranci could fucking beat him up and he was maybe a little scared
to fight him.
So he was trying to play mind games in order to maybe fuck with his rhythm.
But even then, it's just like be a man about the fact that you fucked up
and you spit in another man's face.
I know some people think that it was deserved because of the sucker
that Gabranton gave him unexpectedly,
but I think spitting in someone's face is crossing the line.
So, Whit, what do you think?
The only question I have is when did the fight end up going down that game?
Third period.
Yeah, listen, dude. Hathaway ain't a fighter. Gabranton's a monster, and he's tough. The only question I have was when did the fight end up going down that game? Third period. Yeah.
Listen, dude.
Hathaway ain't a fighter.
Gabrantz is a monster, and he's tough.
Like, that sucks, but you got to do that right away.
One for your own good.
And by the way, that's somebody who's leading up to that game.
He's just like, fuck me.
And when he got  where did he get  He came from Calgary.
Yeah.
So he knew it was going to  he probably  right away, someone like that's like,
when am I playing him again?
I know I have to fight him that game.
Get it out of the way.
It sucks, but you spit in his face, dude.
There's a couple things.
You bully someone's brother or sister, you end up having to fight the older brother.
There's things in life.
Good analogy.
No, you spit in someone's face.
You have to fight the person.
So do it right away.
And I also say Getzlaff has all the credit in the world
as a guy who can come to the media and say something like that.
Not come to the media when he's asked to say something like that
because he would answer the bell.
I saw Getzlaff fight Joel Thornton off the opening faceoff of a playoff game.
There was never any question if Ryan Getzlaff he had to fight someone, he was fighting him.
He sees somebody does the complete opposite,
he has the right to say something. Hall of Famer.
He signs every autograph
in a few years. Ryan Getzeff.
And then you know what Hall of Famers do? They write
HOF and the year they were inducted.
How's that for a fucking autograph? You can say whatever you want.
I would completely agree on
when he speaks, it's usually because he's
right. And recently he actually called out his team when they were you want i would completely agree on when he speaks it's usually because he's right and uh
and recently actually called out his team when they were struggling a little bit he went he
went public with it and said i need to be fucking better and everyone in this locker room needs to
be better and like you know he's not the he's not a rah-rah type of guy he just shows up and
handles his business so when you don't want a guy like that talks in the locker room and everyone's
like oh my god it's like you're it's like your old man threatened to get you with the spoon.
Uh, I will, before we send it over to our buddy,
hazy would just do a quick little injury roundup. Uh,
in case you're unaware of your team might be missing a guy.
I just mentioned Colorado and what they had to deal with Saturday night. Uh,
the Leafs, uh, forward,
Andreas Johnson was placed on long-term injury reserved after he hurt his leg
blocking a shot during Wednesday's loss to Colorado. He had a
CAT scan the following day. He'll be reassessed by doctors after Christmas.
He's got 16 points in 30 games. He's a good contributor to that squad.
The Blackhawks, they're just three points behind the second wildcard
spot right now, but their playoff chase just got a little bit tougher. They lost both
Duncan Keith and Andrew Shaw to a pair of injuries.
They're going to be out for a few weeks.
I just mentioned many plays, Mikko Koivu on Iod due to the lower body injury,
and Travis Konechny suffered an upper body injury during Saturday's tilt
versus Ottawa.
Actually, we didn't even get to that game.
That was an unreal game Saturday, but Konechny, he's going to be out.
The Flyers will have an update Monday.
Did you guys get a chance to see that Saturday afternoon?
It's Hilt, Philly, and Ottawa.
Very physical, very entertaining game.
And then Brady Kachuk, at the end of the game,
gave a little cross-check to, what's his name, Lawton.
He had been running around the whole game.
And basically, Brady, like you say, his Y is crossed.
He gave him a nasty cross-check.
Well, not nasty, a little cross-check.
Then he kind of jumped on him after. He ended up fined 2,500 bucks uh wait were you able to check
this game out at all yeah I saw the game uh not all of it but I did see the end that moment
the only thing I'd say is I think Brady Kachuk goes over and uh well he cross checked him first
and then he kind of dropped his gloves and jumped him. It's kind of weird to say because it makes no sense now that I think about it,
but it's almost better if you just kind of jump him or drop your gloves
and grab him and give him somewhat of a moment
because he didn't jump until he was down on the ground.
And I don't think he drilled him with a punch too bad when he was on the ground,
but he also could have made that where if I want to get you,
I can get you in a different way.
But he was pissed off.
That's what I consider a pretty dirty play play a guy that's frustrated but doesn't really
want to square off with someone that's what it looked like to me okay now I don't know the
timeline RA but at one point Lawton was was yelling and taunting the Ottawa bench oh I know I didn't
see that right so so there's that's why I looked into
it online because I didn't get to see the game so I was trying to piece everything together so
it was a physical game things were getting chippy I don't know what was said by Lawton to Ottawa's
bench that could have even been after um that uh that that he got jumped but I will say this I
don't think um what's his name Brady Kachuk was happy about him saying that to the bench,
and that's why he went over and did that.
I think that him doing that and skating over,
I think Lawton was well aware that he probably wanted to scrap him.
Now, the way it all went down, yeah, you could also make the other argument
like, no, he kind of fucking blindsided him and then jumped him.
But if I'm yelling at a bench and then that guy, at that guy specifically,
and then I'm on the ice with him, eye contact's being made.
He's well aware that I'm on the ice.
Like, Lawton knew he was out on the ice, no?
You got to think so.
And also, you got to give credit.
What a cross-check because there's a little area between the shoulder pads
and the pants that you can just cripple someone right in the rib.
And you could tell that's where he caught him.
Unless Lawton completely died, but it looked like it was a solid one.
And then Brady said, fuck that, dropped his glove.
So this is what I looked at the way I looked at it overall
is Brady Kachuk was sticking up for the integrity of his team
because Lawton was chirping at the bench, which, hey, whatever.
The game got chippy.
I don't know what maybe Brady Kachuk
had given him a cross-check earlier
where that's why he was fucking yelling at the bench.
I don't know.
But I'm down with Brady Kachuk
sticking up for his fucking team like that
regardless if they were only down a goal
with whatever time.
Boys, they're going for the lottery pick.
Like, who gives a fuck at that point?
Like, what Brady Kachuk showed is he cares about his boys
and his crest, and if I'm an Ottawa fan,
I'm very pleased about that.
He ain't just rolling over.
Yeah, when he slammed him to the ice,
I don't even think he threw a shot.
I think it was more of a lie.
He looked just like his old man when he did it, too.
Yeah, that's what I kind of meant.
He didn't, like, drop his glove and hit him in the cheek
with a punch when he's down on the ground. That's what I kind of meant. He didn't, like, drop his glove and hit him in the cheek with a punch
when he's down on the ground.
It looked like almost just shaking him.
And just prior to that, Brady got checked into the bench,
and I don't know if you saw it.
It looked like one of the flyers grabbed his stick when he was skating away.
You know when guys get checked on the bench,
the opponents fuck with them a little bit.
So it looked like they fucked with him.
Vince would be like, what's your credit card number?
It looked like they fucked with him just prior to that.
So that probably set him off even further.
So not to beat a dead horse, though, R.A.,
I believe that was a response to Lawton chirping the bench,
and that's why he went after him, just watching the clip over in the timeline.
So something was said by Lawton because he looked fucking mad
when he was yelling at the bench.
A couple F-bombs in there.
Yeah, it was definitely a very chippy game.
Even our buddy Jakey Vorchuk dropped the gloves with Nick Paul
after Paul buried, I think it was Konechny who Paul buried.
So definitely an entertaining tilt.
And I don't know, I think we should send it over to our favorite flyer
right about now, Kevin Hayes.
What do you say, boys?
Let's go.
Let's go.
Without further ado, buddy, Kevin Hayes.
The best one.
What a pleasure. What a pleasure.
What a pleasure to be joined by one of our favorites,
one of our most popular reoccurring guests.
And I'll start this little intro,
or I'll go into this little intro and mentioning seven years,
7.14 a year, 50 million.
This man is now super rich, super handsome, very stylish, the Dorchester Rocket, Kevin
Hayes.
Thanks for joining the podcast.
Thanks for having me again, boys.
Dude, how's life?
We just chatted before we started and you said you love it here.
Food's great.
City life's awesome for you.
You love it?
Yeah.
No, it's been awesome, honestly.
Thanks.
Before, when I played in New York, we only came here like the day before on the train.
So we got here at 5 p.m., went to dinner, back to the hotel.
Usually a Saturday day game against the Flyers always with New York.
And then you buzz home after.
So you never got to experience the city at all.
So I had no clue what to expect when I got traded here, like when I came here.
And I love it so far.
The guys are unbelievable.
That's evident.
Every guy in the team is actually, like, hilarious.
Yeah, it's the closest team I've been on probably.
One of the Ranger teams we have, we're super close,
but I think this is definitely the closest team I've been on.
I've only been here for a couple months,
and I feel like I've been here for a couple years.
It's been great so far far the place I live in is
pretty sick
19 bedrooms
you guys need a place to stay later though?
I might take you up
you can have your own floor
we'll do a Pink Whitney contest
where they get to spend a night at the Hayes residence
you get a free bottle
you get no condoms
no spit, no lube.
Just Venmo them 73 bucks.
That's all you need.
What did the JVR call it?
The Yellow House?
Oh, that was at UNH.
UNH.
It's the new Yellow House.
I've actually heard about this.
I've heard about the Yellow House before at UNH.
I never went to school, so what's the deal?
I can't tell.
Okay, all right.
Blair Witch.
I heard that the Yellow House was crazy for athletes at UNH.
I never went up there.
Yeah, you didn't do anything crazy in college or PC.
Should we start?
You're going to lay back?
We interviewed Voracek during this trip that we're getting you,
and we were just talking about before the interview started.
We were talking about him with the music situation now you're saying in the locker room before games it's you're you're at a full-blown concert yeah and he only plays live
like so like you know like for you do you guys use spotify or apple music like you just you click
a song it's the song that everyone listens to it It's the same one. I'm the only one here that has it without the ads, by the way. He doesn't.
Preview him.
I'll get you guys preview him.
And so he only listens to live versions of every song.
It's like live versions of little pubs that somebody recorded on their phone that's on cassette tape.
But you know how, so if you listen, if you say like a Bruce Springsteen song
and you go do it on Spotify,
it's like three minutes, right?
His is the live version that's like seven to 12 minutes.
Oh, because the intro is in guitar for like 14 minutes.
But he knows the whole conversation too.
So if Bruce is talking or like if Queen is talking
to the audience, he says it as if he's them in the locker room.
And he's walking around with
the hockey stick it's unbelievable the queen and i never really listened like i'm usually like up to
up to date with the new music and stuff so i never really like my dad was obsessed with
old school music and he used to make me drive around and pick up tickets and money with them
growing up and i hated going in the car with him because it was for like i'd get home from school he'd be like hey we got to go pick up something i'm like all right
hopefully how long he's like 10 minutes four hours later yeah right i'm back at my house crying
because my dad had me in the car for so long driving around and listening to the 70s on 7
60s on six like i hated the old school music that's why i always listen to like the new music
and vorchek has completely turned it around i know every word to all the songs he plays now
it's unbelievable the fat fat bottom girl oh yeah queen oh he didn't mention queen loves queen
loves bruce if i could go back in time i think queen would be the one concert that i would go
yeah that live he always plays the live nation version live aid at one yeah that's the movie one
yeah live yeah it's funny because when we were in Chicago for the recent trip,
Flyers were playing against the Hawks,
and you had a sick snipe in that game.
Thank you.
And one called back.
And one called back.
Not the only one who scored.
I think you also were.
I got a broken stick.
But that day we had a coffee in the morning,
and I just always loved Borachek.
Commodore's told me stories
i asked you right away like he's one of the best people i've ever met so you guys just hit it off
right away yeah he really is un unbelievable like he has the best stories he doesn't give a shit no
he doesn't give a shit at all he has like the czech accent too so like it just makes it that
much fun yeah like and he's dead serious when he tells these funny stories. When I tell stories, you know something funny is coming
because I start dying laughing.
You can't even tell the story.
And he tells it with a straight face, and I'm like,
what is going on here?
And I sit next to him.
You're like, was that the punchline?
Yeah, seriously.
But you don't know because then you try to make a joke
while he's telling the story, but he's not in a joking mood
because he wants to finish the story.
But then I sit next to him on the plane too.
So he always talks about old school game compared to the new.
Because he's definitely been in both versions.
And he's an old school player, like an old school guy too.
And back to music.
It's so funny.
He loves one Sammy Adams song.
Driving me crazy. So we're Sammy Adams song, Driving Me Crazy.
So we're flying home from Boston the other day, big win, shootout win.
And he played Sammy Adams, Driving Me Crazy, like 40 times on my phone and just kept on playing it back.
But he was reading the lyrics on his.
He's like, I need to learn the lyrics.
Oh, because he wants to memorize it.
Because he only knows the chorus of Driving Me Crazy.
So he's sitting there playing cards in his Czech accent, rapping.
As we're flying, people are trying to make their calls at the card game.
He's like, walking up, walking up, broken glass, singing all this stuff.
I know the perfect Christmas gift for him is a karaoke machine in the locker room.
I know.
I do buy 25 days of gifts for Christmas.
Hey, everybody's doing
play-out.
What do you do?
Give gifts out.
You give gifts to every guy?
This year, I am.
Come on.
What a move.
Whatever hockey jersey
number you are,
you get a gift that day
and if you're higher than 25,
you fill in on the other days.
What a move
by the 50 million guy.
If I was worth 50,
I'd be handing out shit, too.
So after you signed that deal, Kev, in the room, did they bust your balls about it, congratulate you?
What's the vibe there?
So there was a bunch of articles that came out.
Witt had my back on one of them.
That was ridiculous.
Oh, Frank.
Yeah.
And I actually ran into him at the airport.
That actually was weird.
Who was it?
I'm sorry.
Frank Cervalli, I think it was.
Oh, Cervalli.
Yeah.
He's an NHL reporter, but I think he started as a Philly reporter.
Yeah, yeah.
And literally the day I got to Philly, how this happened, I don't know.
I don't understand.
I landed in the airport, and he was on my flight.
And I'm sitting there waiting for my bag, and he comes up to me,
and he's like, hey, Frank. I didn't really know who he was, and he was up to me, and he's like, hey, Frank.
I didn't really know who he was, and he was like,
I didn't mean to cause anything with that article,
but it just so happened that literally the day I moved to Philly,
I ran into him.
Okay, so what happened?
What was said?
I remember Witt backing you up, and I was like, oh, God.
Something was said where I told a current NHL player
that the only way I'll come to Philly
is if they overpay me crazy.
And, I mean, my four goals doesn't really back me up right now.
Well, let's hope by the time this comes out it's eight or ten.
No, they take one away.
They review it.
Somebody else pips it.
You're offside again.
Oh, my God.
No, but, like, that's just a side story.
But, like, so that article came out. No, but that's just a side story.
So that article came out.
So I think that was kind of in the media.
So early on, it's hard coming to a new team, being the new guy,
especially the team so close.
And you sign that deal, you're supposed to be a big part of the team right away.
So I try to be.
And I'm a pretty personable guy, so I try to step right in and join the guys and stuff.
And there was a couple of remarks being like,
yeah, I know we get it, you only came here because you wanted the money and stuff.
But I think it all stemmed from that article.
It was a podcast, I think.
Yeah, I think so, yeah.
And I think one of the fans heard it,
and then it went viral in the Philly media and stuff.
So all of a sudden, listen, I wasn't there, and you're saying you didn't say it now you're kind of behind the
eight ball a little bit by public perception a little bit and it hurts i think it was a tough
city no it isn't it is the fans are awesome they've been awesome so far i mean we're playing
well um but like i think that like what the guy like guys are joking i mean you know you're
catching heat for that exactly even if that article never came out i'm catching heat for
signing that deal no matter what.
But I think
every guy in the league should make a lot of money.
What did you have on the board first game of the year?
A team dinner.
TDs are the best.
Especially when it's a guy who's
as rich as you now.
You're like, oh man, we're going to...
Special collection,
bone-in, give me the Wagyu beef.
I think it was a team dinner.
Now let's go to Nobu.
Team dinner, six grand.
Two grand for the trainers.
Grand for game winner.
Boom.
Wow.
The trifecta.
That's what I had on Nashville the other night.
But then Jake walks in and it's his hometown and your mouth just drops when you see what he writes on the board.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Jake the Snake got it again?
Yeah.
Okay, well, we've got to hear this.
We've got to hear it.
I don't know if he wants me to tell him what it was.
Was it a Toyota Corolla?
It was a lot.
You could probably buy a Toyota Corolla.
That's what I'm saying.
But, like, I mean, that was a big win For the team fun
I'm not gonna lie
Oh that team fun
Set for the year
Cause I signed
Konechny signed
Provorov signed
Jake's hometown
Sandheim signed
Oh Jesus
And it's like
You guys gotta
That was Super Bowl
Game one of the year
Was Super Bowl
Rod's first game
Niskanen's first game
Oh my
You got 75K
In the kitty
It was a heavy boy.
It was a huge one.
You have a Range Rover in the fine fun by every player.
Not a supercharged one, yeah.
By the way, go ahead.
Go ahead.
Going back to the story with the Cervelli,
do you think he heard something that maybe someone in your inner circle
leaked something?
Or did you think he just put you in the wrong?
I honestly think it was probably like in a  it was before the Boston game.
And honestly, the night that he said I said it,
I was actually in Philly with Chuck Fletcher.
I wasn't even in the town of Boston that day.
And so it was probably someone that knows my family.
Like you know it.
Like everyone around Boston is all friends with the Hazes.
There's 340 of them.
All friends with the Hazes.
And someone probably said something like, like oh there's no way he's
going to Philly because they just Boston people
think they know everything yeah and
then they probably just added in oh the only way he's
going there he said
why would I ever say that
to anyone
why would
I ever say something like that that would
make me look like an idiot
if that thing eventually happened?
So, I mean, I'm not shitting on Frank at all because we squashed it completely.
Right, right, right.
He actually gave me a ride home from the airport.
He's a nice guy.
He is.
He's great.
He gets some hookups at the cricket club around here.
50 mil can't get an Uber.
Oh, man, I'm like the last guy who wants to get into conflict with any type of media.
Exactly.
It just sucks because he probably ran with it.
It probably bolstered his podcast.
And then someone in Philly heard it.
Right.
And then that went viral.
Everybody loses.
I was still rattled, though.
This clown, we're playing golf, and this is the morning of or the afternoon of where the deal's done.
I'm like, dude, I'm going to put it out there.
I have two people, him and Keith, where I could break contracts.
He's like, yeah, yeah, you can break it.
We do not.
I can back this up.
He tells me it's done.
He goes, it's done, but don't write it yet.
I'm like, all right, tell me when.
I'm scrolling through Twitter and 19 reporters.
Kevin Hayes, 7 million, 50 million.
I'm like, dickhead.
No, they said 749.
Oh, so I was off by a million.
No, I gave you the right numbers. I didn't
release it because
my agent now works with
a bigger company.
I think that people
work with... Reporters are now
with that. Yeah, I know, but I'm like,
who cares if I say it?
It honestly got out before
it was even official we don't break the contract you know what i mean the kill stories but like
like i literally golfed with you that morning and i'm like hey something might happen tonight
like i just remember being like you're so rich yeah this is crazy that i even have to ask you
to explain this but recently they a few articles were released about money on
the board, and people who listen to this podcast were still asking us, even Grinnelly will
vouch for me, oh, what's the money on the board?
Is it like gambling?
If you put it up, you can win it?
Explain what money on the board means, because we just said that the Range Rover that the
team had put in the fine fun first game of the year, explain money on the board.
All right, so money on the board. All right.
So money on the board is on every team.
It's in the NHL, AHL.
It's everywhere.
I mean, even I think college teams do it as a joke probably for a little less money.
But I'm not sure how juniors do it.
Well, listen, I was in a Junior B locker room recently,
and I stepped on the team logo in the middle of the room,
and they said 2.
So I fucking whipped out 100 us and i
said there you go so they went and partied like voracek with champagne don in welland ontario
so money on the board is it's usually it's a big game for someone on that team
like for trading from hometown yeah the the like the like a silent rule is like your last two teams.
If you're a suitcase and you've played for eight teams,
you don't have to put money on the board eight times
for every team you've ever played for.
Like I got drafted in Chicago.
Well, now saying that.
See, I hunted guys down.
Oh, I know.
I'd be like, Eberle, I saw a picture of you wearing a Calgary Flames jersey
when you were seven.
Drew is good at that.
He gets people.
So we had a guy on our team
just get called up
and he played for a junior team
that Coots has part ownership in.
Coots probably supports the team, right?
And so someone was like,
hey, what team did you play for in junior?
And he said it.
And then G's like
oh wait cooch
don't you own that team
money on the board
yeah yeah
you gotta do your research
so there's
okay so I guess
some of these people
are right in asking it
there's a lot that goes
to money on the board
so there's a lot of manipulation
from the older guys
to younger guys
where you get bullied
to putting money up
and they're like
we're gonna fucking pay
for another bottle of Caymus
oh 100
and then you gotta be careful who you tell you to leave pay for another bottle of Caymus. Oh, 100. And then you got to be careful
who you tell you leave tickets for
because if a young guy tells me,
hey, Hazy,
I got two girls
and I'm leaving.
Say we're playing in,
say, Chicago
and a younger guy comes up
and he's like,
hey, I have two girls.
I left two girls tickets
and I tell G
and G's like,
oh, did anyone leave
two girls tickets tonight?
Yup, yup.
And then you have to be like, and then the other day, I'm not going to say names.
We're in Calgary, and Stewie's like, did I see anyone walking hand-in-hand with their girlfriend into the lobby of Calgary?
And then that person's like.
Money on the bus.
But I've never seen money on the board.
It's not the amount of money that goes on the board in Philly,
but the reasons.
Now everyone plays soccer before the game.
Whoever hits the roof with the ball the most has to put 250 up.
No.
I've never heard of that.
Hey, build the fund.
I love that.
I would have gotten you.
If you're playing Chicago, I would have been like,
hey, is anyone drafted by the Blackhawks in this room?
No wonder Giroux got new teeth.
He probably paid for it with the fucking fine fund, for Christ's sake.
And so the rule is two, not the rule, but two teams.
And I got traded to Winnipeg, so that acts as, oh, Chicago.
So I don't put money on the board.
And then JVR is like, did anyone get drafted in the first round of Chicago?
And people are like, who the hell got drafted in the first round of Chicago?
And I'm like, oh, I did.
And they're like, oh, that's money on the board.
Like 100.
I got called out last game because we, like Farabee,
he just played his 11th game,
so now he burned a year of his contract.
It's money on the board.
Oh, done deal.
You guys are savages here in Philly.
Listen, I've seen a few teams and a few guys
be able to manipulate money on the board.
Like if I was a healthy scratch, they'd somehow talk me into fucking putting money.
No, I'm dead serious.
And then we went on like a seven-game winning streak.
So I was putting up like 100 or 200 every game.
Like I wasn't making that much money.
I was putting 1,500 of my salary on the board in like a three-week stretch.
Yeah, but this is insane.
No, it's insane with the reasoning, but the amount.
We don't want to sound like we're assholes with money.
You can find any reason for money on the board.
You don't have to put that much up.
No.
You know what I mean?
It's more about making them laugh with the reasoning.
Yeah, exactly.
Things also change early on when you come on board and you're like, oh, shit, they're going to make me put money on the board every game.
So you're putting 100 at a time now where it was TDs.
Well, it's different.
When you sign a big contract, you have to be very cautious.
The other day, I had the same amount as Farabee up,
and Giroux's like, what is going on here?
And you put a zero on the back.
Yeah, just add one more.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
So in Boston, I put money on the board because it's my hometown.
Right.
But then I'm like, how the hell does that make sense?
Because we're never going to play a game in Welland, Ontario.
Yeah, I know.
It's nice.
So that means you never have to put money on the board.
Oh, it's good.
No, all those guys got to pay for Maple Leafs.
Usually it goes closest game.
So I would always put Toronto, always put Buffalo.
That's like my bubble.
So I want more for the listeners, too.
How does the money get dispersed?
Like the money goes on the board.
How does it get team party?
If you win,
that means you owe that money.
Okay.
So like one of the trainers
usually takes a picture
and puts a date
and then you have a certain date
to pay the fine fund.
Okay.
And then the money
goes into a fine fund.
One guy on the team
has the credit card
for the fine fund
and it's team dinners.
Or getting tea. So the misconception is people thought, oh oh you put that much money up and you win that if
no win if wins eventually it's just you're you're saying boys win this fucker and take my money take
my fucking money so if we're gonna go nobody pays no no that's why first game of the year overseas
yeah they got every they basically the whole team was new.
A little incentive.
They probably talked
There was a lot of money in it.
Every game
They probably talked Perrant into putting fucking money on the board
by the sounds of it, okay?
And they win it.
And as we said, the team's got a Range Rover in the fine fund
less than 24 hours into the season.
It's going to be a fun year where every time you're on the road
and there's over 10 guys
having a couple pops or maybe
you go for a dinner.
There's like 10 guys
out there. It's usually like someone picks up the tab
and then you're like, you come in the next day and you're like,
hey, I paid last night. Can the fine fund
reimburse you?
You want to go play Fortnite? Well, you're not going to get
to experience the fine fun.
That's all. That's cool shit.
Get the boys together.
And I will say something that, you know,
sometimes I'm the only guy that has the balls to say it
as a former player.
If I had a lot of money on the board
and we got a point and we're in the shootout,
I don't mind it.
We'll get the win.
I don't mind.
Oh, yeah, 10 grand.
Oh, man, we still got a point that game, boys.
I'll say, when I had 500 and up on the board, I was sweating a little bit.
I was okay with a point.
But there's sometimes where there's the stupidest reason why there's money on the board,
and then you can convince anyone to put that amount of money on the board.
Like, Rufy, like Niskanen, always hits the roof the most.
So he's 250 every game.
Are you a soccer guy?
No, not really.
You're done with that?
They don't even pay him the money anymore.
They just allocate part of his paycheck to the fine fund.
So sometimes teams, instead of paying a checkout,
it comes out of your paycheck in the fine fund
when you have money on the board.
Oh, well, there you go.
Which I think is easy.
That's way easier.
Don't make me go to the bank.
Yeah, but then the guy that is the fine collector is like,
all right, this is the 30th time I've asked you to pay your fine.
Can you just put it through?
And the fact that sometimes there is a little confusion.
Yeah.
Oh, I paid you.
Remember when I came into the shitter and I gave it to you
while you were looking at that Playboy?
I couldn't tell your wife you were looking at Playboys in the store.
If your girlfriend's at the game, if your parents are in town.
Not all my parents are in town.
In Philly, you probably have to put up.
You just got to keep it quiet.
Yeah.
Okay, so you guys seem like a close team, and you mentioned that.
Do you guys still do silly junior shit like mustache boy and magazine boy?
No, but I just came up with the idea to G, and I want this to happen.
I don't know.
I want to tell you guys.
I feel like this could be groundbreaking.
So I think it's going to be really funny.
It could be stupid.
But if you don't...
So do people know, the listeners know what Mustache Boy is?
Yeah, well, yeah, you do the shootout after practice.
Last guy to finally put a puck in the net
has to have a mustache.
So we want to do
that shootout,
but you have to do an
interview with the typical hockey
slang sayings. You have to act like you're
the Canadian junior guy.
In a real interview.
Some guys would be so nervous.
But that would be awesome. That's what you want.
Somebody would be so bad
at it. And then we rank them.
Just like,
oh,
the boys were buzzing.
Just like the stupid,
like 15 slangs.
Exactly.
And you have to say them.
So that might happen soon.
We'll see.
I think we need to get behind this
and then we'll have our fans vote
on who is the best.
Maybe we can do the interview.
Yeah, maybe.
We can get the loser of this thing.
How'd you like starting the season in Europe?
It seemed like a long way to go for one game,
but was it worth it in the long haul, you think?
For me, it was great because I got to know the guys.
Got to ride Jakey's wake all week.
But as a new guy, it's such an easy way to get to know your teammates.
When you're in your hometown, not your hometown,
but the team where your team is at, guys have wives, guys have girlfriends,
guys have kids.
They have their own lives outside of the rink.
During training camp, it's hard to get to know guys
because you don't want to bore them like,
hey, come out to dinner with me.
I'm the new guy.
They have their shit going on.
That's totally understandable.
But in Europe, we were all on the same schedule.
There was no wives and girlfriends there.
Out to dinner every single night.
No wives.
Playing cards.
Like, it was awesome.
You get to know, like, you get to actually get to know your teammates really well.
And I think a great reason for, like, why we started pretty well is, like,
three new coaches, new players, and, like, that trip kind of was a huge bonding trip for us.
I thought it actually really helped us.
And everybody knows what everyone's going through because they're the new guy.
Exactly.
And so we went to Luzon, Switzerland, and we actually lost the game.
I remember seeing 5-4 or something, right?
Which was probably
But they were buzzing.
No, they were.
And they were a good team.
But it was probably a good thing for us because we were going to Jakey's hometown right after.
Coming off a loss in the Swiss League.
So I think it kind of made us
Yeah.
We can't go that hard.
And assholes pucker up pretty quick.
I think it made us realize, hey, we can't be starting a season like this.
We got to figure it out quickly.
Yeah.
And we know Jakey's going to be ripping it up.
So check was  the last night was epic.
It was so fun.
But I think the loss
actually made it a lot
like got us in better
shape for that Hawks
game.
You bared down a
little bit more.
Exactly.
If you roast them
7-1, you go and rip
it up in Prague.
Probably.
That's life, guys.
It's like a Europe
trip.
We're going to Jake's
hometown one game.
But I think it actually was a trip.
What was it like cruising around him?
He's a celebrity over there.
Really?
Yeah.
Everywhere he goes.
Everywhere.
There was one guy who asked for autographs outside the...
I started crying.
No way.
I love that shit.
It was unbelievable.
And he had the highest voice.
Was Jakey just loving it and just hugging him and shit?
He realized it was his hometown and he embraced it for sure.
Jakey just starts singing Tunnel of the Sea.
No, he was very professional about it.
He probably was asked to do a lot of shit there that is pretty aggravating.
You have an off day.
You don't want to go take pictures by the bridge or do interviews all the time,
and he kind of embraced it and did it in a very professional
way. But this guy that was crying
had the highest pitched voice in the world.
So still to this day,
during practice, I'm screaming
his name because we're line mates.
So I'm always like,
asking for passes
and everything. And Coots
starts dying laughing.
Yeah, but people would be like, oh, that's mean. No, it's not. That guy gave passes and everything and Coot saves it and Coot starts dying laughing like man yeah but
people would be like
oh that's mean
it's no it's not
that guy gave you
a moment to bond
you guys get to bond
over that guy
he got his moment
with Jake
everybody's fucking happy
and for me
I love like
just fucking around
and practice
you kind of live for it
it's the energy
literally my favorite
thing to wear
the guys on this team
actually think I'm insane.
Like, think I'm insane.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, but like you said, when you started laughing,
they're like, what are you trying to say right now?
Like, Michael Raffel, he's like, man, what is wrong with you?
Seriously.
And I said, actually, in the change room.
And he's unbelievable, too.
The Austrians.
I played with him and Grabner, the same exact person.
Is Raffel shredded, too? Oh, yeah. Imagine if Grabner, the same exact person. Is Raffle shredded too?
Oh, yeah.
Imagine if Grabner could score on breakaways.
He'd get 50 a year.
He scored last game on a breakaway.
He doesn't bury a lot of breakaways.
I would say he's about 10 on breakaways,
but he gets...
He gets 100 of them.
He gets 100 breakaways a year.
He was my line mate.
It's fucking insane.
I actually bet that if he played 82 games,
he might get over 100.
One game he got three recently.
I played with him in New York for two years.
We were linemates.
Me, him, and JT Miller.
This guy would have three breakaways a game.
Yeah, right?
And he buries like one in eight.
And the best is I was talking to Raph.
Raph said he was complaining about not having a lot of goals this year or something.
No, he has.
I think he has six now.
Six or eight.
And he said he should have like 18 or something.
Yeah, he should be up there.
And Raph's like, what are you complaining about?
You get four breakaways a game.
Like, why are you complaining?
Like, you know you're going to get 100 breakaways.
And if he scores 10 of his breakaways, it's 10 there.
And you know he's getting at least another 10.
But I will say, if he was given the gift to when he just goes in all alone.
Imagine like Matthews or McDavid.
But he would have 60 fucking goals every year.
Because he has breakaways.
He might be going too fast for the break, like for his own skill level.
I would say it's something mental.
But maybe we can, with this interview right now, we can kind of get the feng shui going for him.
He should start just teeing up clappers.
See Drew's goal at the penalty shot the other day?
Yeah, that was nice.
Start doing that.
No, I don't watch hockey.
This is the only analyst that doesn't watch hockey.
Toronto.
I wasn't down that end of the bench, but he came down and he said, should I do it?
But I think he was saying it to our coach, Lappy. I think, because I was at the other end of the bench, but he came down and he said, should I do it? But I think he was saying it to our coach
Lappy, I think, because I
was at the other end of the bench. I did see this.
And then he came down and just ripped a
clapper. It was a rocket. It was unbelievable.
You know who the last guy? He went down on one knee.
The last guy, and I may be wrong,
that I saw come down and rip a clapper
like that was Jarrett Stoll
when he used to take breakaways.
Remember that guy in Edmonton
from Sweden that did the circle
and then came down and took a Howie?
Oh, no. That was
Linus Omark. He didn't...
He would just fake clap.
Did he do a clap? I don't know. I remember one time
he was famous in Edmonton
when he did a circle.
He came up and did a spin
before he touched the puck.
It was a complete clown show
it was a clown show
we were in dead last
he was doing
spin-a-ramas
like I was like
and then they sold out his jerseys
and
Tom Rennie came in the room
and before he talked to us
did a spin-a-rama
as a coach
no
what are we doing right now
no
he actually loved TR
but he came in
he was like
spin around like this
we're in 30th place right now.
But a lot is over.
No, Chara did it.
Surrey did it.
Guys with absolute canons just come down.
Like, what are you going to do?
All right, well, being in Philly, you mentioned Couturier.
Because you're learning things about guys you've played against for a long time.
You don't know that much about them.
He's way underrated, no?
Yeah, 100.
You're seeing things on a daily basis. He's just
one of the best two-way centers.
I honestly think if Biz
played with him right now... No, don't say it.
Seriously. If you say over 10...
He makes every guy he plays with
better. It's insane.
Why do you have to go home and pick a shot at me there?
I'm not saying the guys he's playing with right now
needed the help because he's playing
with Oscar and TK. That line is one of's playing with right now needed the help because he's playing with Oscar and TK,
and that line is one of the best lines right now in the league.
But he just plays the right way.
That top 20 centers came out, and he wasn't on it before the season.
Yeah, that was crazy.
And I got asked about this before.
You got asked to be on the top 20 now.
I should have.
You turned it down.
No, I got asked by someone that works in Philly about him not being on the list.
I just met him once at Media Day in Chicago.
And so I didn't know if I was supposed to pump his tires,
the new guy coming in being like, oh, this guy on my team is unbelievable.
No, no.
And also the D-man that we just got is unbelievable too.
Yeah, he's roasting everyone.
Just talking about how sick the team is because I don't really know the guys yet.
They ask him about you.
They're like, I don't know.
And I'm like, he's the best player ever.
And so like I didn't know what to say at the time.
So I'm like, yeah, he should be on the top 20 center.
But I didn't really  I just like said it to say because I played for Philly.
But like after playing, I think it's been 17 games maybe,
he 100 deserves to be on that list.
He's the East Coast Kopitar to me.
Yeah, that's pretty good actually.
He's heavy.
He just, you said great 200-foot game.
Awesome guy.
And he kills guys too.
He does kill people.
He throws hits, you're like, what?
Yeah, there's some times where like,
and it's not even like comes from board to board and hits
someone.
He just like is like.
Standing there.
Yeah.
And I'm like on the bench.
I'm like, fuck.
Yeah.
You can put a total plug though with two talented guys and he'll score fucking 25 goals a year.
Not necessarily.
No.
I think if you, if he plays with the right people, like if you just say, hey, if you can skate and do something, go to the net.
I'll say you can put a plug in and get 15.
Yeah, exactly.
Maybe not 30, but 15.
This is an NHL podcast, and I paid it to be like that.
R.A. wants to play with Couture is what he's fucking saying right now.
No, it's funny.
I played, and I took ice skating.
Are you saying I played right now?
No, I played in a line.
It was a joke.
Like, we used to have a roommate a week would play,
and then I played one week, and they're like,
hey, we actually need a body.
You want to play again?
And I played in a line.
One kid won a ring at Bosco.
One kid won at CM.
Two awesome high school players.
And, dude, I would get set up more than fucking
Ellen DeGeneres in high school.
Every day I was at the fucking crease.
I could score all day.
And it was like, wow,
I'm not even good. But playing with two other guys like that on any level, I think you just
put... I want to see
R.A. Perez goalie challenge
first of all. And R.A.
Well, actually, I'm team R.A.
R.A. said he thinks he could beat Witt
in a game of basketball. First one up to
10, one on one. I suck at basketball.
I said it's the only sport I'm not good at.
Well, I played in high school.
I suck, but I'll...
I put 1,000 on R.A.
I would honestly be worried about me getting hurt.
That's my only issue.
Wits and ankles aren't great.
Like, if you've seen me,
I don't think I'll ever be on camera with shorts on.
If you're putting money on the board,
who are you putting money on the board for?
R.A. or what?
A thousand bucks.
You think I need a thousand bucks?
Give it to R.A.
Fuck.
I need a new pair of pants.
R.A., you're like,
hey, take this thousand,
get a new wardrobe,
and he throws it on the devil's money line.
You're like, dude, come on, R.A.
I did the general lot, too.
He lost six in a row, dude.
What else, dude?
What else is so...
Like, what are you doing with your off time here?
Any movies?
What's your deal?
Like, what are you into?
There's a movie theater.
You see anything lately?
There's a movie theater, yeah.
Joker.
Well, what'd you think?
We were talking about it earlier.
I liked it.
Yeah, I mean...
Dude, you got to see Vorchek do the Joker.
You know, he has his shirt off with a dance with the arms over his head.
Oh, like the weird dance down the stairs?
Yeah.
Oh, he does it in the locker.
It's so funny.
Voracek's funny.
He's unbelievable.
No wonder they pay him so much.
He's unbelievable.
He's doing everything.
He really is.
He's so funny.
And he's just very honest, too.
I feel like Europeans are a lot more honest than Americans, than North Americans.
They really have a sense of sugarcoating.
Yeah, exactly.
What's him and G's relationship like?
Oh, it's so funny.
Okay.
Because they've been together for so long.
And G is like, he's pretty serious,
but he likes to joke around at the same time.
But he's a captain, so he like...
You can't be a clown.
Yeah, exactly.
And he'll start going off on something,
and Voracek will be like, G, shut the fuck up.
Or like,
Coots always gets G going too,
and there'll be an argument going on over here,
and Voracek's like,
hey, this is the shit I've been dealing with for eight years.
And G doesn't even hear him.
He's just listening to G.
It's like an old married couple.
He's like, this is the shit that I've been dealing with.
That's one thing I was going to say about Kootz, too.
And I guess really your whole team is all these guys who are good are awesome guys.
Kootz, you just could tell he's just like the nicest guy.
And it's weird.
The two teams that I've gotten traded to, because I know a pretty good amount of guys in the league.
The two teams I've gotten traded to, Winnipeg and Philly, I didn't know anyone in the teams.
Here I knew Ghost a little
bit through Johnny Hockey's
charity golf tournament. Donate
to it. But
that's it. I was
brand new to both teams.
This team is the closest
team I've ever... How was Winnipeg?
Do you want to get into that?
I know personally it might not have been the best experience.
No, it was just different.
I got traded from New York City to Winnipeg.
Yeah, it's a culture shock.
You're like, wait, this movie came out last year.
Vago.
That was the biggest challenge for me.
I didn't leave my apartment for three weeks.
That's not your style.
You've got to move.
You're a walker.
You're a city guy.
Walker, sit out at the coffee shop.
Yeah, try to text everyone that's on my team.
Hey, anyone come for a coffee?
Yeah, just come talk to me and laugh with me.
If you're walking with your wife, just stop by.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
As a single guy, I appreciate guys like you.
When I was in Arizona Arizona I had no single guys
I'd be on three dates a day
I'd meet a girl at Starbucks
After practice
I'd go for a dinner date
Then I'd go meet a girl at a bar
And then bend her over
In my one bedroom fucking apartment
She's like wait
You play in the NHL?
No no no
Ask Keith Yandel
About my first ever NHL apartment
He said it was a crack house
690.
100 the cheapest rent in NHL history.
Speaking of him, how about the song just taking off?
You see him song that fan in the Islanders?
And then Trochek was wearing a song.
Oh, yeah, I got a song Christmas sweater now.
I got it with me.
He kind of is like Voracek.
He's getting, he's getting a little bit known as like the funniest guy in the league.
But like, like everyone talks about Phil Kessel.
I don't know Phil really.
Like I say hi to him, but like he's kind of like a legend that no one really knows about.
No one knows about.
Yeah.
And that's like, I think that's like Voracek for me.
Like people say like, oh, you, before you end your career, you have to play with Phil Kessel.
Before you end your career, you have to play with phil castle before you're in your career you have to you play with experience he's unbelievable he really is he's so funny and i guess like he when he i don't know if you guys are gonna release his
interview before me but like i guess he was way more wild before he made it clear he's like i'm
30 now i can't do it anymore one of my best friends best friends is Rick Nash, and he played in Columbus with Jake.
That's right.
And they were young.
Yeah, pretty young.
And I traded here, and Nash was like, hey, you got to make sure you talk to Jake.
He's awesome.
But, again, I didn't know anyone on the team.
And playing in New York, you hated Philly.
Yeah, exactly.
You know what I mean?
It was just like, even if you didn't actually hate Philly,
it was just like you kind of had to.
You had to play the role anyway. It's like New York, Islanders, Philly, it was just like you kind of had to. You had to play the role anyway.
It's like New York, Islanders, Philly, Devils, Bossack.
You just hate them.
Like, it's just because you played there.
I was there for five years.
So, like, I knew nothing about this organization.
Like, honestly, when I came down here, when I got traded here, I came by myself and I called my agent.
I'm like, man, I loved it here.
I was like, I think you should call Chuck and kind of figure something out here. And they made that trade not known if you would, right? I mean, they had no clue. Man, I was it here. I was like, I think you should call Chuck and kind of figure something out here.
And they made that trade not known, if you would, right?
I mean, they had no clue.
Man, I was on a golf course in Minnesota.
They don't want to get brizzed again.
Yeah, but I was literally, my phone was at 2.
My agent called me and was like, hey, you just got traded.
And I was like, well, my phone's at 2.
I'm on hole 12.
And I'm 48 over.
You're like, my driver's going dead right.
So just talk to me about the trade tomorrow.
I got to straighten this thing out.
I'm losing thousands.
But no, but back to not knowing anyone on this team.
And then you come here, and it's just like,
I honestly feel like I've been here for the boys prior.
How is this kid so comfortable already?
Yeah, but it's so nice.
That's the feeling.
No, it is.
It really is. Do you miss anything about New York? About the already? Yeah, but it's so nice. That's the feeling. No, it is. It really is.
Do you miss anything about New York, about the city?
Yeah, I mean, I love that city.
It's awesome.
Like, to be able to get home from practice,
and you don't work a 9 to 5,
and you can just go out to meatpacking or Soho.
Like, that was right up my alley.
Like, we've done New York before.
I like the pulse, and that's something to do think I could play in a city that wasn't a big city.
Dude, if you were on the Carolina Hurricanes for seven years,
I don't know what I would do there.
You'd lose your mind.
Yeah.
For me, I love New York as a city.
It's weird.
I loved my time there.
It was awesome.
I have some of the best
memories and some of the best friends that I've
ever made through hockey.
Now, I play for Philly and I got
in trouble early for trashing the organization
or something. That didn't mean no harm to the organization.
I can't be
saying how much I love New York and how much
I loved everyone there when I played for Philly.
You've moved on. Yeah, 100.
They moved on too, so it gave you reason to be like all right fuck you for sure but like but
i loved my time there we've had unbelievable teams there but it's like i play for the fires now yeah
and it's like i love i honestly i'm having so much fun you played those guys are the same
no it's a whole new team but like i i am enjoying hockey so much right now. I love where I'm at at the time of my life, like 27, playing good hockey,
making pretty good money, and living in Philly.
Not the red shirts anymore.
It's been unbelievable so far.
The goalie, your young goalie, have you ever played with a goalie?
That seems pretty unflappable for a young kid.
He played with Lundqvist.
Well, I mean, yeah, Lundqvist is old.
Lundqvist is older.
No, but it's cool to play with Hank for five years
and to see how dedicated he is to his framework.
And he's one of the hardest working teammates I've ever played with.
He loves to win obviously hank he has a lot of accolades in his in his career and it's cool to see like how he goes about his daily life professionally and like for me i just thought oh
he's played so many games like he's just learned how to become a professional and i come here and
i'm considered somewhat of an older guy on the team. I've been in the league for six years now
and to see Hartsey
he reminds me
of Hank the way he goes about his life but they're so
opposite in age. Hartsey's only
21 years old but he
is working on his game. He
is also one of the hardest working guys.
Watch a ton of film.
If he lets goals in, he takes it to heart.
That's weird. No pun intended. If he lets goals in, he takes it to heart. That's weird.
No pun intended.
But he just seems very mature.
No, he is.
Very composed.
No, 100.
But I think at the same time, I think someone that helps him do that
is the backup that doesn't get a lot of attention here, Brian Elliott,
who's still really, really good.
Awesome guy.
And he's an unbelievable guy.
So I think he helps Hartsey.
Hartsey's such a young guy,
and I don't know how it is as a goalie, but
if you're a designated starter
to a designated backup, I don't know how
that relationship is. I'm sure every goalie
wants to be the starter. And I think
they're on a friendship level where
Hartsey feels super comfortable with Moose.
Yeah, you don't want a guy
who's maybe like oh you're not playing well
I'm gonna weasel in there he's like hey
man listen like when I was going through
this yeah I think that's how it is
that is so
valuable more of a mentor
yeah and like Moose is
there like Hartsey
struggled a little bit early on this year and Moose came in
and won three straight right yeah
that's what I was gonna say
I think Moose knows
we were there
if me and R.A. were shooting
he wouldn't have had a good night
he was decent
if Witt was shooting
we would have been fine
yeah shut up
I would have done a
fake shot pass
for a tap in for somebody
so it wouldn't have been that great
but no I think that actually
but I think Moose knows
this kid's the future
yeah I think so
I'm sort of on the back nine in my career.
Like, besides G, I would say Hartsey's the face of the Flyers.
How hard was that early on when he was struggling a little bit?
Because, fuck, man, these fans can get hard on you.
No, like, yeah.
And for him, he took it to, again, he took it to heart.
Took it to heart.
Heart.
No, but you got to say it like, all right.
And he actually gets pissed when you say it Before I begin I'm like
Come on Kata hot
And again he's like
Can you stop saying that
No no no
Okay so you guys
Gotta stop saying it then
You gotta stop getting
In his kitchen
No and so like
But I honestly
For me when I was young
And I was struggling
Like I had Yans
I had Nash
Or Marty St. Louis
To like be like
Dude you're in the
Fucking NHL
Relax
Like you're not
Gonna get sent down
It's
You're fine.
I think that actually really helps Hartsey.
And I think in Moose, everyone talks about the goalie. When you think about the goalie in Philly, you think about Carter Hart,
and he's unbelievable.
But I think Brian Elliott has a lot to do with that, too.
So not to get a little deep on you, but I'm really good friends with your brother,
Jimmy, and things right now.
His career is not necessarily over,
but it's been a tough go for the past couple years.
And you've just flourished
in all the things you've accomplished.
Do you feel really blessed a lot?
Do you feel lucky in life on where you're at?
You deserve all of it,
but it's just an awesome place where you are in life right now.
No, 100.
I never in my life would ever think
I would A, be in the NHL for this long,
A, never make the NHL.
When you were like 10 and 11 at Unreal, you didn't?
I thought for sure all I wanted to do was play in the NHL,
but then I went through probably my first two years of college.
You weren't that good.
When I was like, fuck, I need to go to class.
I still wasn't going to class, but I was like, I need to go to class to get a job.
You're like, wait, this isn't going as I planned.
No, not at all.
Literally, I think my second year and my sophomore year.
You were a fat boy, though, right?
I was.
I'm Jack now.
But no, my second year, I remember my dad and my assistant coach were talking to me.
They weren't even shitting on me.
And I think I had.
I don't want to be wrong here.
But it might look up the TV.
Yeah.
I think I had six goals and five of them were on the power play.
So my whole second year.
Sophomore of college.
I think I had one five on five goal.
And you were a first round pick.
Yeah.
Yeah. You're like, dude, I think I'm not sure.
You can I be the assistant coach here in a couple?
He's going to check it for you. Freshman. Yeah. No, my second like two years. I think. I'm not sure. You're like, can I be the assistant coach here in a couple years? Already he's going to check it for us.
Freshman year?
No, my second year.
You had seven goals.
You had two five-on-five goals.
Yeah, seven goals.
And so I remember my sophomore year, I'm like, holy shit,
I actually don't know if hockey is going to be the thing for me.
I want it to be.
Did you change that summer?
No, my injury.
Okay.
Yeah, my injury probably changed my life. Did someone run your dog over right before your hockey DB summer? No, my injury. Okay. Yeah, my injury probably changed my life.
Did someone run your dog over right before your HockeyDB picture?
No, he just went straight into a Winnipeg jersey.
Let's click on it and get to it.
Look how happy he is in the Rangers.
I didn't know you could do that on there.
I didn't know they could do that either.
Pictures in Soho and the other pictures in Winnipeg.
We need to explain what's happening right now.
So apparently this might be a new feature on HockeyDB.
You're welcome for the constant plugs that you guys don't pay for.
That's inedible right there.
And every year you click on for the Rangers, it gives them a different picture.
I never knew that on HockeyDB.
That's a new feature.
That's unreal.
No, I think that's been there quite a while.
No, fuck you guys.
I know what the fuck I'm doing.
I know what HockeyDB shit going on.
No, but I mean, I've...
Yeah, I'm like...
He looks like Nick Cage in this one.
We have to ask him.
You said the thing that changed your entire trajectory.
Horrible injury.
Back to Nick Cage.
Remember that Nicholas Cage, right?
Yeah.
So remember the face app that just came out
where you take a picture
and then it shows four pictures of who you look like?
You were Nick Cage?
I got Nicholas Cage. No, you wasn't. Did were in the case yeah yes you look like the kids you okay stop interrupting me i want to i
want to show you i don't even want to do that i don't know who i'm bad tell me really you said
the injury changed the trajectory of your career what injury um i got like a really bad injury my junior year of college. I got kneed against a wall.
I think it was February 26th.
I remember it was horrible.
I ended up having four surgeries.
I was in the hospital for 23 days.
Told I would never play hockey ever again.
In your quad, right?
Yeah, I had a scar.
You can see it coming out.
I don't want to pull my pants off,
but like,
you see this muscle here,
like,
it's just like a scar
from like here to here.
Like every time I go into
like a new locker room,
like the guys in the flyers
are like,
what the fuck is on your leg?
Like it's,
it's like a huge thing
that just comes out
and so like,
from that,
like I,
I don't remember anything
the doctor said
because I was so like,
like,
You're in a fog.
drugged out
and like gone for
all these surgeries and then like
my trainer at BC Burt Lenz
always loves these
articles that come out to me like about me like doing
well and he would like at
the beginning he would send them to the hospital and said
like hey why are we doing this surgery this kid's never
gonna play hockey again oh really
yeah and he would always be like he'd always get so
happy like every time I go back to BC,
like, they try to make me wrong.
Like, yeah, that's what he thinks.
Like, for me, I love Barrett
because he helped me.
Like, he was the reason, like,
I did so well coming out of rehab.
Like, him and Russ DeRosa,
I was kind of signed pro with the Hawks that year
because I sucked in college,
and my agent was like,
maybe we just, like, try, like, a new scenery.
Like, maybe that.
Like, sometimes you get traded to a new team and you're unbelievable.
Yeah, you're brutal.
Let's go to a better league and see how it goes.
Yeah, exactly.
That was our thought process.
And then this happened.
And I missed the rest of the year.
I missed all.
I didn't skate all summer.
My first time skating was the practice with my senior year at BC Eagles.
65 points later.
72.
Oh, no fucking way.
Yeah, me and Johnny Hockey played together.
Do you think maybe the separation and maybe the passion again for it?
I do, for sure.
I think I partied a little bit too much.
You know.
You think or you know?
He's like been told he did In your mind
I think it was fine
Yeah
Yeah I mean
For some people
It might have been too much
Yeah
And so
People who don't like fun
But no
I honestly
Like think that
Not to get deep
Like you said
But I honestly think
That was like
The best worst thing That's ever happened in my life.
Damn.
I don't think I would be here.
How many people know that story?
Have you told that on the podcast before?
No, but I think it's Philly just did an article on it.
But yeah, it is something where I literally was in a hospital.
After my surgery, I was still there.
And, like, I'm sitting there.
I'm like, oh, my God, I almost never was allowed to play hockey ever again.
Like, sometimes if I didn't play hockey, I honestly don't know what I would do.
I don't either.
It's crazy to think about because
It kind of scared it.
Let's say if you're lucky at the age of 40 you're done
and then you have
another 40 years left
exactly
and it's like
and for me it was like
they still didn't know
if I was ever
going to play hockey again
even when like
I had to like
learn how to walk again
like
it was
it was crazy
I would tell like
a hilarious story
but I don't think
I could tell it on this
no what do you mean
no no no
you went through it
it's kind of embarrassing
for me so I can't
oh yeah this is a guy who's never told an embarrassing story No, what do you mean? No, no, no. You went through it. It's kind of embarrassing for me, so I can't.
Oh, yeah, this is a guy who's never told an embarrassing story.
You couldn't get your dick hurt?
No.
Tell us.
I forget.
But, no, I honestly think that whole summer I rehabbed.
And it was more of like a fuck you, I'm going to prove to these people I can play hockey again.
And you needed that.
Yeah, I think I did.
You needed a kick in the arse.
And it helped that I played with Johnny Hockey my senior year.
Look at all that too.
Well, it goes back to R.A. playing with two good players.
I mean, he could get 72 points too.
But no, it's definitely like sometimes I'll be just chilling by myself and I'm like, this is the best life ever.
For me, I worked my whole entire life for this.
And then my junior year of college, I almost lost it.
And then you fast forward six, seven years later,
and it's like, who's laughing?
You're like, hey, financial advisor.
I have a Check coming in.
Go ahead, Ari.
Have you been surprised by the play of Matty Kachuk?
I know you're, well, Charleston has everybody from Charleston.
He's a cousin in the league.
Have you been surprised how good he's been?
No, honestly, I haven't.
There's a funny story with him, too.
His dad's a Hall of Famer.
Yeah.
And Keith's cousins with my mom. Yeah. Along with the Fitzgeralds. And we have a funny story with him too. Like his dad's a Hall of Famer. Yeah. And Keith's his cousin's with my mom.
Yeah.
Along with the Fitzgeralds.
And we have like a big hockey family.
But like when Matthew and Brady were becoming like legitimate hockey players,
it was so funny.
They only looked at their dad as a fourth line player for the Blues.
Like they probably remember a little bit.
They never saw it.
But what they saw at the moment
when they were like
when Keith was trying
to tell them what to do
and they were back
talking Keith
like being like
you don't know
what you're talking about
you're on the fourth line
so Keith
like Keith would
text us
me and my brother
and then we would
talk to them
because they thought
that we were the shit
because we were playing
at like Boston College
get the fuck out of here
seriously
yeah because like
it was
it was unbelievable
we were like
my dad's plug out there and so Seriously? Yeah, because it was unbelievable. We're like, my dad's a plug out there.
And so they have a...
Yeah, Keith is calling them and saying,
beat the absolute fucking wheels off those two
at summer skate and teach them at Leicester.
I honestly wouldn't even mess with those guys either.
They're fucking...
They're big boys.
But they have a summer house in Cape Cod.
We have a summer house in Cape Cod.
So we would see them in the summer and stuff.
And again, that's a whole full circle thing too.
Yeah.
I remember when you were a kid, you and your brother with the key shirts on,
Winnipeg Jets.
Exactly.
It's funny how it's all come full circle.
Every time the Jets or the Blues came to play the Bruins,
my whole  every player that we played with,
like the 92 Kings or the Devils, missed school that day
and just went to the practice at like 10 a.m.
All like asking for autographs.
Plus there'd be a thousand people going to the hot, the hot.
Exactly.
Then over in Medford at 5 in the morning.
Dude, you guys saying Keith just reminded me of Yans.
I figured I'll tell the story with him there since they're such good buddies.
But the other night we all met up.
The Panthers played the Rangers at 1 o'clock, flew to Boston.
So we had dinner and then we went out.
So a bunch of the Panthers
Came and met us
Like Huberdo
And Frankie Vetrano
Was one of the guys
I never met him
So he comes over
Great guy
Like right away
Just like buzzing around
Funny guy
Keith goes
Hey Frankie
Meet my buddies
And he's going like this
And Frankie's like
About ready to say hello
He goes
No no no
Actually show him your tattoo
Show him your tattoo right now
He's like
What?
Dude the kid's tattoo
Is like down middle of his quad.
So he has to take his pants off.
It's like dicks hanging out in the bar.
It's a tattoo of the skyline of Springfield, Massachusetts.
Buddy, this is an absolute dump.
I feel bad.
I mean, I'm ripping on a place in my home.
Buddy, this is like.
Springfield's a tough city.
Dude, I go, what do you mean?
What do you mean skyline?
I know skyline. He was with the Basket you mean Skyline? It was Skyline.
He was with the Basketball Hall of Fame.
And now a casino.
Did he have the casino?
Yeah, but just the bag that Keith's like, show me a tattoo.
And Frank, he's like, okay.
He actually has a Springfield Skyline tattoo.
Oh, and it looks like it was drawn by Biz.
It's an absolute nightmare.
I actually played with Frank's cousin, Barry Almeida, at BC from Springfield.
They're cousins?
Yeah.
We gotta make Frank Vetrano shirts
that just have that shitty tattoo
skyline. It's nuts.
These guys love Springfield.
Oh, he loves it.
Almeida loves Springfield. He won't come on now
that I called it a dump. I think we just ruined it.
Oh, he's that hardcore
about his hometown? Yeah, he has a tattoo
of the skyline. Is he from East Longmeadow or somewhere
Yeah
Barry's cousins would
Would come up to BC
And
All of a sudden there's like nine cousins showed up
From Springfield just like
Out at BC
And BC's like a
Little preppy
Yeah exactly
Man it was fucking unbelievable
Yeah we've been shitting on Springfield for about a minute now
Next Alright well Hazy Thank you so much buddy Of course I appreciate this Unbelievable. Yeah, we've been shitting on Springfield for about a minute now.
Next.
All right, well, Hazy, thank you so much, buddy.
I appreciate this. Fourth time on.
I forgot one of them.
My memories are mush.
He must be the record holder, right?
Most times on?
Call me might be four.
Okay.
Call me might be four.
Well, Biz, before he joined us full time.
No, I think I was last.
But he already said Summer Sandbagger Invitational with him.
Who?
You and who?
Your brother?
Yance.
Yance.
Jimmy actually might run in
because he's an obsessed dude.
I think he's really good right now.
Well, no, time out.
No, I played with him yesterday.
Time out.
He's nuts.
Hey, we'll do
Brian, Keith,
him, Kevin,
and Jimmy Hayes,
but they can intermix.
Like, it could be
Jimmy and Brian, and then him. We can have all six of us out there. We'll go the Yandel brothers, the Hayes, but they can intermix. It could be Jimmy and Brian.
We can have all six of us out there.
We'll go the Yandel brothers,
the Hayes brothers, and us two.
There'll be no problem.
Your brother Jimmy, bro,
has the golf bug more than anyone I've ever seen.
He'll be like,
what did I do there?
I'm like, you're a little over the top.
He's like, what's that?
Buddy, I was telling him the other day,
only golfers will get this.
There's strong and weak grips.
It kind of depends where your hands are pointing, strong or weak.
So I'm like, dude, you have a really strong grip.
You've got to weaken your grip a little bit.
So he holds it like this?
Dude, he thought I meant like you hold it like you're barely holding the club.
And he told our other buddy later, he's like, it's unreal.
Whit told me to have a weak grip.
I'm barely holding on to it and pounding it now.
He thought you meant.
He literally has a golf bug so bad.
You know how we get those emails from Wallston?
Like, no carts today or something.
Like, if it's too cold or too wet or something.
And I'll get Snapchats of Jim playing golf.
And I'm like, didn't I just get an email saying there's no carts?
And it's freezing out?
And I'm like, whoa. That means get an email saying there's no carts and it's freezing out? And I'm like, whoa.
That means he likes this.
He's playing 18 in the cold with no cart.
He's walking.
He's crossing to the round, though.
Yeah, probably.
Yeah, but no.
Walking.
And I think he challenged himself big time to, by the time we all, all of our boys that play hockey come back for the summer,
and we're all like, summer's back let's go
golf no handicaps we'll straight up
Jim's gonna wipe us yeah we'll see
he's very driven right now in this sport
like he's like I gotta get good
I think he will because he just loves it that much
he took so many lessons this summer
I can probably say I've never taken a lesson
yeah I mean you're
an athlete I chipped in on one for birdie though with you that was sick dude's like i chipped in
never done that before this year we play golf at trump uh me vorchek got the spared raffle
and um once i start playing hockey in the summer like oh you're done yeah like it's just i don't
think taking slap shots with this golf club exactly oh like once i get back it just turns into close to august
like i'm skating a lot and stuff i turn into some people could just they can turn on and off i
couldn't do it either like i just i suck at golf but i love going out playing golf like and like
you have one good hit you think you had a good round oh yeah like if you you could be your
40 the last hole you're fucking like oh see you tomorrow so we hit, you think you had a good round. Oh, yeah. Like, if you could be your four-year-old. Burning the last hole, you're fucking like, oh, see you tomorrow.
So we're playing at Trump, which is a pretty hard course.
It's super now.
Have you played Trump here?
Which one?
Trump National in Jersey.
Not in Jersey, no.
It's pretty sick.
And so we're playing.
I'm just spraying ball.
Like, Drew said he's never seen someone hit so many fairways that aren't the fairway you're playing on.
Just being the middle of the 11th fairway.
I love the fact that you play
courses where if you
hit it that bad, you're still on the fairway
though. I like those courses.
You don't need desert courses.
Oh my god.
Polbrooks.
Rattlesnakes.
We're playing in Switzerland
in Sandheim. We're both in Switzerland in Sandheim, and we're both lefties.
So we're like, hey, no one brought their clubs, obviously.
So I'm like, all right, we'll just use one bag.
You carry it.
And so I tee off.
My ball goes the fair way to the left, right?
So I just take a 7-iron everywhere I go.
What are you hitting?
7.
120 out, 7.
190 out, 7.
Like, he's always hitting a 7-iron. You 190 out, 7. He's always hitting 7 iron.
I can really step on one when I hit two.
And so, Drew couldn't get over that.
I was literally never in our fairway ever.
But I'd come back and be like, oh, yeah, I'm going for par.
He's like, I just thought you hit 10 balls.
So, we're playing at Trump and there's a hard par 5.
And I pipe one down the middle.
And 5 iron
dead straight so now I'm like
75 yards out
and
I chip in. Eagle.
Eagle.
Wow. Moment of your summer for golf.
By far. And it's like right
I don't care about golf at the moment because the hockey season is right around
the corner and
I think only Ghost saw it.
And he was like, he loves golf.
Like him and Drew, they're so competitive.
Like they're obsessed with golf.
And he was like, you literally are 50 over and you eagle one of the hardest holes in the course.
Yeah, they're like grinding trying to break 80 and you're laughing at your eagle.
I'll walk it up to the next tee box for his ball.
Give me the 7-iron.
Oh, that's awesome.
Well, dude, thank you so much. That was great.
And continued success for the Flyers,
boys. You guys are buzzing.
You selling anything?
Did you listen to Stapleton, by the way?
I forgot.
Jimmy played with him. So did I.
Were you in that world? Yeah.
Dude, so who had the goalie jersey on?
Did he tell that story?
No, but Jimmy wrote me, and he's like, dude, he didn't tell the Hayes goalie story.
Let's hear it.
So, first of all, Tim Stapleton is one of the fun
I was a college puke with no money when I went over to this tournament, right?
Me and Johnny.
Johnny justno, Johnny hadn't even signed no he did he
played his first game so he had a signing bonus and we go over to belarus i'm literally pissed
off that i'm missing senior week yeah you're kind of like this sucks yeah we had snapchats and it's
like eight hours later so i'm waking up to my friend's party back at bc and stapleton played
in belarus so he was already a legend there.
And so it just so happened that me, Jimmy, him, and Johnny became super tight.
I think we showed up late.
It just so happened.
Yeah, that's what it was.
No, we showed up late to a team dinner and like five minutes late.
You know when you just meet your USA teammates,
you get to know everyone.
It's a long table.
All the seats were full.
So there's a table of four over here. And by the end All the seats were full. So this is the table of four over here.
And by the end of the night, the whole table was at the table of four.
It was, man, Tim Stapleton is the funniest person in the world.
Dude, it's crazy.
So we're playing in the exhibition game, right?
So this is Jimmy.
Oh, my God.
And so everyone plays.
So there's 13 forwards, right?
And they must have not have brought the right jerseys.
Like, they must have just brought 12.
So Jimmy is in a goalie jersey.
A fucking goalie jersey.
At the World's. So, you know the goalie
jerseys have like... Yeah, they're down here.
They literally are down to here.
They fucking fit over those pads.
They show a highlight like two days
later. We're watching film
showing our system, right?
Jimmy's
skating up the ice.
The wind must have caught
this huge jersey.
His jersey's flapping in the
back.
It's like the
fat Mike Madonna.
Tim Stapleton's crying laughing at this thing.
Jimmy does a toe drag in a goalie
jersey. It was Man
It was unbelievable
It literally was
Like
With his laugh
How good is his laugh
Oh dude his laugh's incredible
The way he tells stories
He said after
He's like dude
I forgot
Cause we were like
Alright you're coming on again
He's like yeah
I have so many more stories
And then he brought up that one
So did Jimmy
He's like I'm pissed
He didn't tell it
Cause I was flapping around
he
he told Johnny Hockey he's gonna win the cup
and Stateby's gonna come and put
Johnny in the cup like this is when
nobody like he was still in college like
so we were on this team we had no money at all
and Stateby paid Jimmy Jimmy and Stateby
literally paid for our whole trip
oh wow yeah cause I mean Team Canada
it's like every guy's making 6 or 7 million.
Yeah, exactly.
And, like, we got per diem.
Yeah.
Like, that was it.
All right, buddy.
Man, what an absolute character.
Great guy.
Great guy to have in the sport.
Kevin Hayes just fucking absolutely crushes these interviews.
Huge thanks to him, as always, man.
He's such a funny bastard.
But, boys, we want to talk about Raycon for a second.
You've heard me talk about it on the show before.
Raycon's wireless earbuds, if you haven't got a pair yet,
you ought to grab them right now.
They're just half the price of other premium wireless earbuds
that you've all used, and they sound just as amazing.
If you haven't bought a pair, today's your lucky day.
Raycon's wireless earbuds are so comfy.
They're perfect for on-the-go listening, for taking phone calls,
all that other stuff you got to do.
Unlike some of your other ones, Raycon earbuds are both stylish and discreet.
No dangling wires or stems or any of that stuff.
So now is the time to get the latest and greatest from Raycon.
You get 15 off your order at buyraycon.com slash chicklets.
That's buyraycon.com slash chicklets for 15 off Raycon wireless earbuds.
One more time, buyraycon.com slash chicklets.
And that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And boys, you know, we have some fun on the show a lot,
and we talked about some hockey.
What's up, Biz?
Well, before we go away, I was going to say,
when we used to do ad reads with them they ended up sending me a pair i still use
them to work out i like them a lot you said they're they're they're not very expensive i think
they're a good quality one they've lasted me i've had them for i'd say maybe over a year now i and
those are my workout headphones so raycon not bad yeah well said biz get yourself a pair if you
haven't yet uh like i was just saying you, we have fun on the show talking about hockey
and all the good stuff that goes on.
But occasionally it intersects with real life,
and we have to talk about that stuff sometimes.
And we do want to mention that former NHL player and IHL coach Steve Ludzik,
he's at end stage liver disease right now, and he's in need of a liver transplant.
So his family has spread the word on social media, and that's what we're doing here, trying to get the word out a little
bit more. He needs somebody who's willing to undergo surgery and donate a portion of their
liver. He just got listed on the donor list. A potential donor must have all blood type and be
in good health. And for additional info on how to become a donor, you want to go to livingorgandonation.ca.
In contact, I'm going to give a phone number here, 416-340-4800.
It's extension 6581 for donor questions and info.
Again, this is former NHLer Steve Ludzik.
He is in need of a liver, and we want to do a little signal boost farm here.
So if someone's listening and they may be a match and want to help out, again, the number 416-340-4800, extension 6581.
And you can also go to livingorgandonation.ca to check that out.
Biz, I know you know this guy.
Local legend, man. Awesome guy. Salt of the earth.
He used to run the summer skates, the pro summer skates.
He used to rent the ice in Niagara Falls.
He used to do all the drills.
All he would do is charge us the ice time because one of his kids was a goalie.
I think he ended up going on a play in the OHL at one point.
But just so his kid could get the shots and really just to be in the mix
with the fellas.
So an unbelievable guy it's uh you
know it's obviously terrible but hopefully we can help him out here his son ryan underscore
ludzik's another guy if you guys have any information on on a new liver um he's on
instagram at as i said ryan underscore ludzik message him um you know fucking let's let's
let's figure this thing out and i want to thank him and his family for everything they've done for me
because, hey, man, he used to fucking help us stay in shape going into training camp.
So, as I mentioned, a local legend.
And we also see why donors are so important.
We've talked about Layla Anderson on the show quite a bit.
And we'll send a clip out from the Chicklets account.
Well, there was a function Thursday night,
and she was able to meet the fellow who donated.
He's a sophomore in college, Kenton Felmley, his name is.
And they met at this banquet.
It was honestly one of the most emotional clips I've seen all year.
They gave each other this giant bear hug.
They were both sobbing.
You know, and she says, you know,
thank you for giving me a second chance at life.
And I don't know how you don't melt when you see a fucking little kid say that.
And then they reacquainted at the game Saturday night
and, you know, they gave each other a big hug.
This, you know, it's a tough story to start off,
but there's been so much positivity coming out of it.
Layla, I mean, she's certainly an inspiration
to anybody who's, you know,
who's come across her story.
So that was a great clip.
Again, we'll send that out from the Chiplets account
from the banquet,
because I think a lot of people thought the first time they met was Saturday night,
but it was actually the banquet a few days before that.
And one other note, too.
I got word from a friend about another child and family going through a tough situation.
Mike Kennedy, he's the coach at Brunswick Academy,
and recently found out his 5-year-old daughter, Katie, was recently diagnosed with cancer.
Thankfully, it was found early, but Katie's still going to have a tough road ahead of her.
So the guys here at Chicklets want to send all our good vibes and a huge Chicklets bump out to Katie and her pops this holiday season. You know, guys, the Chicklets family is behind the Kennedy family
all the way. We know Katie's going to kick cancer's butt. All right, boys, shifting gears. I know
tough topics to go into, but Whit, I know you wanted to talk.
There was one of the local news cameras kept their camera trained on Patrice Bergeron
after practice the other day.
You know, he's been out hurt with his groin injury.
He's, you know, went out with a 40-minute practice,
and then who's on the ice on his hands and knees picking up pucks
and putting them in the bucket, but Patrice Bergeron.
It's that statement.
What is it?
Character is what people, you know, when no one's looking,
that's when character is revealed.
Great, great explanation of what character was there.
All right.
Jesus Christ.
I'll say this.
I'm not trying to be the Grinch.
Great move by Patrice Bergeron.
Everyone's doing that, though.
And I understand when the news goes out, you see a Hall of Fame player doing it.
It's awesome.
Every guy who's out injured and skates with three or four guys in the skill coach,
you help pick up the pucks.
I know this is kind of  it's a hater's take, but it wasn't the
you saw people retweet it, and this is a god.
And I've always said Patrice Bergeron's one of the best players in the league.
I've pumped this guy tired more than anyone.
This was a little like, dude, everyone helps out to pick up the pucks.
Come on.
Sorry.
Yeah, no, that's all.
I just, you know, I think it's key.
Am I in wrong there, Biz?
No, I don't think it deserves a stroke off session.
I think Grinelli was fucking reverse 69 his fucking phone when that happened.
And he saw the clip.
But no, I mean, it's it's like yeah i know he's the
fucking best like everyone helps pick up the pucks when the injured guys are out there let's let's be
serious if you need it also lost if you need a confirmation that he's not an arrogant fuck there
it is right there he's a good guy he helped pick up the pucks just as as most of us would hey are
there some fucking stars that that you know, they enjoy themselves a little too much?
Maybe they'd be like, yeah, I'm too good to pick up pucks.
Sure.
But those guys also have funny, cocky attitudes,
and sometimes their humor is nice.
No, see, actually, that's good to get you guys' perspective
because, you know, a lot of people probably didn't realize that,
you know, superstars do that as well.
But, you know, he had no idea the camera was on him,
and, you know, it was a little bit of a stroke off.
But it's the holiday season, man. People are going to be gassing beers, hopefully not Chuck and Knox, but they're going to need to rebound
on those drinking nights. Maybe a little DHM. Oh, you're teaming up for an ad read. I know
Grinnelly sent it over, but I ain't fucking reading that thing. I'll tell you about it.
It's fucking amazing. DHM detox. It's an all-natural um hangover cure why are you laughing
at me you're funny i just love the way you fucking segued that boy did you see how long that read was
no chance and i and my eyes are half closed um but dhm detox all-natural hangover cure um the
there's a extract from a chinese plant and it's scientifically proven to break down
toxins of alcohol before it gets to your liver, right? So it's all natural. It's easy to use.
It's two pills. I always double up. So you're supposed to take two pills for every 10 drinks
you have. I'll take four for every 10. Okay. So I, I listen, I've handed it out to friends
and I've had friends text me the next day yo i i
normally have anxiety and and i had the sunday scaries from nights after i booze now which i do
get this stuff i just feel better on it okay have some people maybe tried it and said hey i didn't
notice a difference sure but i have had people message me saying that shit works. So DHM detox,
uh,
are we doing a biz 20 promo code for 20 off?
Okay.
It's biz 20 fucking rights.
Grinnell.
You got the thumbs up.
Um,
try it.
Cause,
cause if,
if your next day is,
is worth it to you and you need to get up and be productive,
Hey,
for fucking,
what is it?
I think it's like three,
four bucks a pack.
If it works,
well,
no days wasted, which is one of their models. So DHM detox, follow them on Instagram,
go to the website and read about it. And that Chinese extract from the Chinese plant,
because if you, if I try to say the name, I'd have a seizure.
Nice. Good job. There's again, dhmdetox., promo code Biz20 to get 20 off your order.
Check that stuff out.
Let's move over to the gambling corner, boys.
Last week, it was a tough week.
And by the way, Philly fans, hashtag not all Philly fans,
when I say last week, that means the previous week, not Tuesday night.
Because they're like, oh, you didn't mention the fucking Flyers
throttle on the Maple Leafs.
It's like, well, yeah, they just played the game fucking last night.
I'm not going to mention it in the week roundup.
So, yeah, last week, the corner went two and six, lost 275 bucks per the bets.
I listed one and four on Monday, one and two on Thursday.
When we did record Sunday, I only had Vegas on the money line.
But when I posted the blog Tuesday, I did add Vegas in regulation only.
So sometimes that happens. I do add a play late. But, yeah, I wouldn the blog Tuesday, I did add Vegas in regulation only. So sometimes that happens.
I do add a play late.
I wouldn't say I took it on the chin, but
lost a couple bucks, but that's all right. We're right back
on it. This week, looking ahead
until Tuesday night, I got a pair of games.
I'm eyeballing. Toronto is
in Vancouver, and the
Rangers are in LA. I'm going to jump
on both of those squads. East team's
going west. We're going to jump on Toronto.
Let's see.
We'll go Moneyline.
Do the standard R.A. bet.
Toronto with the Moneyline.
Half of the Moneyline wager on the puck line.
And as far as the Rangers, their offense maybe not as potent as Toronto's.
So right now, Rangers on the Moneyline in L.A.
So two picks Tuesday night.
Toronto, Money, and half that in the puck and the
ranges money line in LA. That's what I like
right now. How you been hitting them, buddy?
I'm on fire this
week. On fire. Let me read
you something quick right now.
Win, win, win, win, lose,
win, win, win, win,
win, lose, lose, lose,
win, win, win, win,
lose, win, win, win, win, lose, win, win, win.
Wow.
Good.
Count up those wins, everyone.
And I'll tell you right now, I got three early games.
This is Sunday at the 1 o'clock we're recording.
I got this afternoon going on.
I'm not going to  I am up so much.
I'm not going to lose it all back, but I'm going to try to really crush.
I feel like the moments I really crush is when I'm up because you get loose,
you get firing, and all of a sudden it's like you get a hat trick and then a two-assist game.
The third game, what do you think is going on?
You're confident.
You're loose.
That's me gambling right now.
So talk to Whitney on the gambling corner.
And when I lose, I lose bad.
But when I win, I go on vacations.
What's up, Biz?
So I believe the last time we talked, that was one of your worst stretches.
Yeah, a couple times.
So what happened  I win more, like, the less I bet.
It's bizarre.
I don't know.
That doesn't make sense.
But if I lose a couple huge bets Monday and Tuesday,
it's like you're kind of screwed.
Like, it's almost a miracle to get it all
back and end up plus. Whereas if you chip away and you chip away and you get hot and you chip away
and then you just be a little bit more patient, it seems to be the best thing that can help myself
as a gambler. So is it like playing blackjack where let's say you're going on this hot little
run, do you up the ante more? Do you start playing with more chips? Well, kind of. That's what I was
saying I can do now,
where it's like I don't want to come out hammering the chips
the first five hands of blackjack.
Give me a bankroll, and then I start dummying them.
Whereas some people just go hard from the start,
but then if you go down early, it's a long week.
You're screwed.
So if you kind of build up the amount of the bets from Monday to Sunday night,
and that's why the Sunday night game, usually I'm biting off my fingernails realizing is
Ryder going to be able to go to high school or college?
I guess high school is free
in the end.
Not if you're some people's kids. Some of these
parents are paying 25,000 for
fucking elementary school.
Are you kidding me? More.
More?
More?
Idiots. If you're an idiot you're an idiot your
kid's picking his nose and you're paying 35 000 you're an idiot i'm sorry to call you but you're
idiots some people disagree because that's at the point in their life where their brain's a sponge
and if you're they're able to absorb as much as possible you're in fourth grade sure you can go to fourth
grade anywhere i was just playing devil's advocate now is it rude for me to ask during that stretch
of time that you just listed off as far as your bets what would you say you're up 100k? No. No. 100k?
No.
I wish.
I wish.
50?
I don't have...
It's like going to...
That's why I don't understand.
Portnoy, that guy literally will be up like...
Or never up.
He'll be down 500,000.
I think I would get like...
I think my finance advisor would tell my parents
and people would come storming in my house.
There'd be a... what do they call it?
What was that old show?
Intervention.
And I don't want to deal with that.
I mean, I'll lose 30 grand.
Yeah, that sucks.
But I'm never, I mean.
Hey, that's the only thing holding you back
is the fact that you don't want to have the intervention.
I don't want them busting down your door.
I don't want my brothers and my family here
talking about my gambling.
That's what I put in bets.
That's my main goal.
I'm so intrigued by the whole betting world.
That's why I always ask these questions.
Well, it is so true because when you go and you get thousands of dollars,
you start thinking everyone's done this, whether it's you owe your guy 400
or you owe him 40,000.
You start thinking of what you could have spent with the money you're taking
out of the bank, and it makes you sick.
Have we wrapped up gambling corner yet?
Yeah.
Yeah, I put my picks in.
Okay.
One thing I got to talk to Witt about.
What?
So Patrick Reed got busted cheating again.
Did you see the clip?
Dude.
I kill baby.
Let's go.
Patrick Reed is an absolute slob and a half.
But forget how he looks.
He's a piece of shit who has zero respect for the game.
And I'm going to bring up a person right now, Chandler.
Chandler, I know you're listening.
Chandler's a friend of mine.
He's the head pro at Hazeltine Golf Club in Minnesota,
a beautiful world-class course that's held Ryder Cups and U.S. Opens
and anything you could imagine.
I was there this summer.
Well, Chandler's been, you've been on Twitter, Chandler, and you've really been defending
him.
I'm guessing you're friends with Patrick Reed because he's been, he's been making the point
of how do you know what's in a player's mind and all the media, you cannot say that you
know exactly what he was doing because you are not him, which I do respect and understand.
Patrick Reed's excuse was this, guys.
The camera angle where you can see him taking sand in the practice swing,
when you're in a bunker, you cannot touch the sand.
That is a penalty.
Patrick Reed, what he was doing is he was in a footprint,
so there was a lot of sand behind the ball.
What he did was he took practice swings were on the takeaway of the
practice swing. He took sand. He was trying to get rid of some of the sand that was behind his ball.
So it would make it not as difficult of a shot twice. Well, listen, Patrick, the second time
you did it, you showed exactly what you knew you were doing and you're a scumbag. And what he came
out and said was if there was a camera that was face on, you would have realized I was far enough behind
the ball where I was not at all changing my lie or adjusting the sand and how much sand there is
behind my ball. If you look, I was the camera angle that we've seen behind me. It looks like
I'm right behind the ball taking this anyway, but in fact, that's a foolproof excuse because he
knows there wasn't a camera head on, but you are a liar patrick reed and you know
exactly what you're doing and this is not me saying you're a liar because of this one instance
this is a guy that was caught cheating twice in college and listen when i when you say the word
cheat in golf you're a fucking dirtbag you want to cheat on your taxes go ahead you don't cheat
in golf that's it's a game of honor it's a of... You go out and you pay. All right. It's like,
what did you just say?
Someone's kicking down my door. That was one
year when I was hurting.
Listen, the game of
golf is able... You're able to go out and play
18 holes by yourself and give your score
because it's a game of honor. And I know so many
people cheat. It's a fact of life.
But you're a fucking dirtbag and a loser
if you do. And I'll tell you right now, Patrick Reed knew exactly what he was doing.
And what happens?
A clip from four or five years ago, the same thing comes out where he's taking sand on the practice swings.
Patrick Reed, get a fucking little case of honor.
And listen, this is a guy who I don't know what's going on with his family, but he's got rid of his family.
He doesn't talk to his family.
His wife has somehow convinced him or there's some instance where his family's no longer in the picture,
and he's just a guy that is so difficult to root for.
I can't stand looking at him.
He wore red on Sundays one time, even though Tiger did that.
He's just a loser.
And the fact that Tiger Woods, in his own tournament, watched this guy cheat,
this is Tiger Woods' hero challenge.
Tiger would never cheat.
Tiger, who knows?
Tiger was whacking broads.
I don't think Tiger would cheat on a golf course.
But Tiger Woods could have said, listen, that was so blatantly obvious.
That's such a pathetic look for any player in this sport.
You're off the President's Cup team.
We're bringing in someone else.
That would have sent a statement.
The best of all time.
No, sorry, that's Kevin Hayes.
The GOAT of golf, Tiger Woods.
If he came out and said, you are off the President's Cup team,
what a story that would have been.
That would have shut Patrick Reid up forever.
But instead, it's allowed to go on, and you've seen Australian players,
Mark Leishman and Cameron Smith, both say, hey, Australia, our crowd,
let's give it to this slob.
Let's give it to this person.
Get out of here.
This is why I wanted to tee you up.
Cameron Smith said, I had an incredible quote.
He's a young stud golfer, an Australian who's on the President's Cup team.
It's in Melbourne.
That's how they say it.
Melbourne, M-E-L-B-U-N, Melbourne.
Well, listen, Cameron Smith came out and said,
I don't have any sympathy for anyone that cheats.
I hope the crowd absolutely gives it to not only him,
but everyone on the American team next week.
So look forward to the president.
And it's unfortunate that I'm rooting for a team,
my country, who has a fucking slob who cheats at golf.
Okay, so here's where I'm at.
Tell us who you really are.
I always do, R.A.
I know, buddy. That's why we love you. I'm not. Tell us what you really feel. I always do, all right. I know, buddy.
That's why we love you.
I'm not a great golfer, right?
If I was golfing with you, if you were staring right at me
and I was, like, taking back sand and shit,
I'd tell you right away, hey, I'm doing this so I don't shank it into the lip
so we're here for another half an hour.
Because, like, I'm not handing in my scorecard to be like poke out my chest i'm just
like hey man i kind of broke under 100 like i just wanted to save us some time there right yeah
but if it was if it was a money match me versus you and you did it i'd be like dude no it's a
penalty correct correct correct correct i'm not like on a hole that i'm going to take a win on
there was none of that business going on, right?
If I'm going to fucking put a snowman in as opposed to a 12, I'll do it.
Okay.
You're not, there's no money exchanging hands if that's happening.
Right.
And, but I also played a sport where in hockey, like you're trying to get away with shit all
the time.
There's like cheating going on every little area.
Like you give a guy a little whack in the back of the knee and the ref didn't see it well you fucking you got away with one right
so that's a completely different sport in that regard and i guess i was kind of chucking about
how mad people were about it but hearing you as a golfer and how it's all the game has been yeah
like yeah okay that's all The game is about honesty.
It's about, I couldn't, my buddy, the kid I'm playing in the four ball with, if he's
ever in a bunker and he hits a good shot to close and I'm up on the green, I'm like, is
that for parties?
Like, no, I duffed one down there.
It's actually for five.
Like that.
Oh yeah.
That's a different ball game.
No, I know.
But that is a different thing than what Patrick Reed did, but it's, but he still knew what he was doing and you won't convince me otherwise and chandler i love
you but you will not convince me that he didn't know what he was doing well there was another
i think there's like a whole reddit thread on on times that fans have seen him cheat there was a
story that came out i ended up reading that too because i was intrigued by this whole thing and
how like ray ferrero uh between the benches in the NHL,
he was like, what a  he went to town on Reid on Twitter,
which I was like, oh, shit, that's a fucking serious thing then.
And the story was that he was in the fescue
and he addressed the ball and took a big whack at it
and then the ball didn't move.
And what he did was, as you could tell, the guys who noticed him cheating,
there was like a split second where he's like, oh, God, didn't anyone see that?
And then what he did is he took a couple more whacks,
and then he went up to his caddy and goes, hey, I'm going to change clubs.
And then he ended up fucking whiffing again.
And I think that's when Patrick Reed is like, okay,
I can't cheat again
for the second time. So he went and told the Marshall. So the, and the guy, once again,
the guys noticed, so they wanted to know what this guy was going to put on a scorecard. Cause
I think he ended up posting a double when it shouldn't in fact been a triple. So he, so that
was another case of Patrick retreated cheating. So as you said, I was diving more and more into this,
so I wanted to get your take on it.
So there's no more benefit of the doubt.
This guy is 100 flat out a fucking cheater.
I don't even think he had the benefit of the doubt before this.
And he's a master champion.
He's a member forever at Augusta National.
Did that guy come out and say anything again about Patrick Reed recently?
The guy who you just talked about?
That was just after the last incident.
Oh, come on. Really?
Yeah.
Oh, God. So what? So if it happens again?
The thing is, the tour, they considered a rules violation.
He got two strokes. They didn't call it cheating.
There's a difference.
He's bulletproof because of how good he is. It's bizarre.
Okay, so you don't think if he does one more thing
that because this one got so much attention
that they are in fact going to say,
yo, we're going to have to penalize you moving forward.
I can't say yet.
I can't say.
It probably will happen again, though.
Which is bullshit considering all these guys are coming out and saying stuff.
Like, how often do you see players turn on a guy in a league?
That's crazy.
People don't often say the word cheat in golf either.
Like, to say that word, as Cameron Smith did,
it's a pretty harsh word when you talk about the game of golf
and players talking about one another.
Do you think a lot of regular day-to-day golf is like Joe public cheat?
I mean,
I think so many do.
Yeah.
So many people.
But I also understand if dude,
if,
if,
if four buddies go out and they all are like 25 handicapped,
buddy,
fuck you're playing your own game with each other.
It's way different.
I'm not like,
yeah.
Moving forward though.
I'll be more cognizant of being,
Hey,
I'm taking sand back.
Cause I don't want to,
I don't want to hit a 10 on this hole. Okay. Are we, are we all good here?
Speaking of sand, uh, we got a little sandbagger invitational in Dallas, right? Right. G.
Yeah. That's a Whitney's call. Wait, you were looking for some courses and what's going on
there. Um, I don't know yet. We don't even have the names yet, but there will be a video made
in Dallas of me and Bissonette playing against two other guys similar to the not similar exactly the same as whitney bissonette versus crossy mckinnon and
the video will come out after i can't give you the names i can't give you the course i'm kind
of working on that right now but that will go down find you nice i haven't picked up a stick
since a few weeks after i did the sandbagger invitational when i went and golfed with alex
golegoski and derrick stepon for Coyote's content.
I know you guys hate when I say the word content on here.
Content piece.
I don't golf.
So what am I going in with?
I guess we should save that.
Dude, I haven't played either.
We're going to, if we play, yeah, we could get waxed.
But either way, we're going to be, we'll be ready.
We'll hit balls the day before.
We ain't getting waxed.
We're going to fucking dummy and take all the money
of those two scumbags we're going to play.
Speaking of spitting people's
I might fucking rile them up and spit in their face.
You could say  content is one of those words, Biz,
where you could say it two different ways.
It has two different meanings.
Like content, like you make content.
Like he's content to be a jerk.
Oh, okay. There you go. Good, like he's content to be a jerk, you know? Oh, okay.
There you go.
Good job.
I'm an R.A.?
Hashtag Ask a Millennial.
What movie is that from?
R.A., some people were commenting online about your joke last episode,
the Me Too joke.
Yeah, it felt fucking bad.
Listen, I wish I could have gave you
Everyone has bad jokes.
That was a bad joke.
Yeah, every episode I drop them. I would have given you the sympathy laugh. That was a bad joke. Yeah. Every episode I drop them.
I would have given you the sympathy laugh.
I was just so tired.
I wasn't trying to sell you out there.
I know, buddy.
I knew you were struggling a little.
That's why I gave it a second go around.
Just wasn't there.
But no, it means he's content to be a jerk.
Hashtag Ask a Millennial.
What movie?
It's a classic.
Content to be a jerk. What's the movie with al pacino
and he's blind no that's a scent of a woman that's a great movie uh i don't know good fellas
haven't yeah it means he's content to be a jerk i don't know fucking late night dinner with ma
all right boys that's probably the cuter if i to wrap this long episode up, unless we've got any final notes.
Yeah, actually, I do have one more thing, and not easy at all to do.
Not easy at all, because it's been a long week for the family and friends of a very special person.
His name was Mike Riley, Mike Donovan Riley.
He's a good friend of mine, a good friend to so many.
A lot of guys who've been on this show, Keith Yandel, Ned Havern,
Brian Yandel, a lot of people I bring up are really good buddies of Mike Riley.
And got some awful news, and I think that it's best when I'm able
to kind of share something special about the people I know.
We have such a great audience and a huge audience.
It's wild that it's cool to be able to talk about, you know, my friends and things they do.
Well, it's awful to have to talk about a friend in this way, but he passed away.
And I got the news when I was in Vegas last weekend and just devastating, just the biggest gut punch in the world.
Mike went to a wedding on Saturday night and Sunday never woke
up and his poor wife, Jen, his parents, very special people. I spent time with them, a lot
of time with them. I went to their place in Naples in Florida. Tom and Diane Riley, I'm so sorry for
you and Mike's sisters. It's just been a complete nightmare. And I just wanted to talk
about him a little bit because to be able to bring up a friend that I'll never see again,
which is crazy to think. It's just so crazy to think I'll never see him again. I'm sure
everyone's had these thoughts. And since he's passed away, everyone was close to him. But
he made everyone's life like so
much more fun this kid and ironically enough mike and i met um when a good friend of ours cory
griffin passed away a couple years ago and i think people have seen the hats i wear cg the
cory griffin foundation it's it's so eerie to how similar Corey and Mike were. They just were so inclusive.
They treated everyone with respect.
They treated everyone the way that you'd treat your best friend.
It was crazy.
If you met Corey, if you met Mike right away, you were welcomed in.
A lot of fun, a lot of laughs.
Didn't matter where you were.
They just liked to have a good time.
And they've really, really made everyone else feel more at home and more special when you'd spend time with them and when Corey passed away Mike and I had known each other a little bit uh prior but we weren't you know we
weren't that close definitely friendly but um we became really good friends after he passed away
we spent a ton of time together we golf golfed together. We loved watching games together. Mike loved gambling.
He loved action.
It was a time me and him were on a flight home from Florida.
It was the day before the Super Bowl against the Pats and Falcons,
the big comeback.
We flew home the night before, and we were sitting,
and we started playing rock, paper, scissor.
I ended up, I was up 4,500.
Well, what do you know, 30 minutes later, Riley's up five grand.
Me and him, rock, paper, scissor, back and forth.
It ended up being even, which I think is probably a good thing.
I think we were letting each other battle back, but we became so close.
And I heard some great stories you know the the wake
was so hard 1300 people showed up to say goodbye to this kid and see his family and uh it was so
so tough i i saw his wife and his parents i started you know just broke down i feel so bad
for them it feels so heartbroken for them it's just not fair at all. But then, you know,
the funeral, his father gave the most amazing eulogy. So did his sisters. They said, I think
it was a list of 15 things to live your life the way Mike did. Just a great list. And his father
spoke so highly of his son, his only son. He just did such an incredible job. And after we went and there was, you know, people
were having drinks and a celebration of his life and he's talking to his buddy, Evan, and he told
me another just classic, classic Riley story. And I think people have been sharing them on Facebook
and obviously that night, but he said this was math class and Evan and Mike went to a local
school, St. Sebastian's right outside Boston.
I'm just going to read what he wrote you. Well, in Mr. Sullivan's math class at St. Seb's,
we were required to put one of our problems from the homework the night before on the board.
And we had to show our work. So you had to go up to the chalkboard and do out a problem and show
exactly how you solved it. And Evan says, I would
put mine on the board and I'd go sit down as Mike chicken scratched his out. He's stuck up there.
He's taken forever. Well, as I wasn't paying attention and Mike was still up at the board,
he would change a portion of my problem so that it didn't make any sense. After Mr. Sullivan called
on me and Mike listened to me squirm, trying to explain myself, knowing what he did, he would pull the back of his pants down from the seat in front of me and stick his butt cheeks through the opening between the desk back.
Stick his butt cheeks through the opening between the desk back and the seat.
So his crack was impossible for me not to notice.
This wasn't a one time thing either. He did it many times. And as I was struggling to get through answering Mr. Sullivan,
he would say in a very serious voice to the teacher, and I could totally picture Riley doing
this. I don't know what seems to be so funny to Evan right now, Mr. Sullivan, as he was the most mature person in the room.
God, another time I was telling one of his friends,
and all of our buddies were talking about what me and Ryle,
how Ryle's played in the Wollaston member-member-member together.
And it's always on Memorial Day weekend.
You got to win five matches to win the thing.
It's a grind.
18 home matches.
So we won Friday. We won Saturday.
We won Sunday, Sunday afternoon. We got another match.
This is the semifinals. The finals are played Monday morning.
Well, what happens? We're, uh, we're down four with four to go.
And we went 15, we went 16, we went 17. We're now down one with one to go and Riley stroking
I'm like you're making a fucking party goes I am I am this kid he was he was he was like a 16
handicap who literally hit the ball 310 yards it would just go sideways sometimes but he was an
absolute ball striker a hell of an athlete, this kid, great hand eye.
What does he do?
He just pounds driver,
and then he hits a nice little approach,
but it's a little short,
but it's over the bunker.
He's chipping.
He can chip it up close to the green
and knock in a four for three,
and we move on to a playoff hole
because the other team was in for five, four.
We needed four for three, four net three.
Well, Riley has to chip and
he chips at about
5 feet. Fuck, Riley. You're supposed to chip
the thing like 40 yards, dude.
He barely gets the thing on the green.
He's got 50 feet left.
50 to 60 feet left with 10 feet
of break. What does this
psychopath do? He fucking
cans it. He's
running around. Holy shit. I try to tackle him, but we
still have more golf to play. It was the biggest ballsy move I've ever seen in my life. A 50-foot
putt with 10 feet of break. It drops in on the last rotation. We go nuts, and it was his first
par of the fucking day.
Oh my God. We ended up losing in the finals Monday morning,
but what a run we had.
We hung out after we talked about it all the time and,
Oh,
he's going to be so messed.
He's going to be so messed.
So I'm glad I was able to talk about him a little bit.
And more than anything for people who don't,
don't,
you know,
obviously didn't know Mike.
It's just like, hug your, hug your loved ones you know you never you never know and it's like every day is a gift
it sounds cliche but dude and people listening you know to get that news and everyone's i i assume a
lot of people have dealt with this it's just uh it makes you really realize how lucky we have it
and uh even when things that you're struggling and things aren't going great,
you got to appreciate what you have and, um, keep living on.
Cause that's what Mike did.
He just did it.
His dad said that in the eulogy Nike had it first, but Mike lived it.
Just do it.
So we will miss you very, very much, Mike Riley.
And, uh, I want to send out thoughts and prayers to his wife and his family.
So everyone have a great,
have a great week and thank you so much for listening.
And like I said,
appreciate every day.
Peace.
And as always,
I'd like to say thank you to our awesome sponsors.
Hopefully our awesome listeners are taking advantage of these wonderful deals.
If you want to use Oz and Alps,
you want to go to Oaskincare.com and use
the code RED. I'll also give a shout out to Hinge for helping our boy Rudy found true love. If you
want to get a movement watch, go to mvmt.com slash chiclets for 15 off. If you want to get a nice
pair of Raycon earbuds, go to buyraycon.com slash checklists for 15 off there as well. And if
you want to check out Biz's DHM hangover pill, go to dhmdetox.com. The promo code is Biz20 for 20
off. Have a great week, everybody. I love you.
