Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 226 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney, the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
What's going on, boys?
We got some good hockey news to talk about.
We also got a big fire in another fucking Coachka turf.
We'll be getting to that shortly after we do our hellos.
First up producer, Mikey Grinelli. What's up brother?
What's going on guys. A lot of ruckus outside my apartment right now.
They're actually filming a movie directly outside my door.
So after the recording, I might try to become a fellow a thespian.
Is that how you say it? Like already joined the team.
Nice guy. What movie do you know?
It's called dash and lily all right he's like oh shucks yeah i wrote three letters to try to be an extra in that one
i never heard back from him i gotta step in here what's a thespian we did this a couple episodes
ago it's a fancy word for actor i actually got it from old saturday night live skit with john
levitz i was i didn't retain that information on that podcast. I think it was near the end.
I asked it. I said it exactly like you.
It was with JVR because JVR
had done some acting. That's right, too.
Yeah, we were talking about the Jet Apatow
movie. And those are the other two cronies for us.
Ryan Whitney, the wit dog. What's up, buddy?
What's going on? Yeah, that JVR
was pretty funny. That's when Biz asked him if he
could get residual kills instead of residual
checks in the mail for his appearance in the movie.
That was a great line, Biz.
The yellow house? What?
The yellow house? That was like
the campus house where it was
like a Saw movie in there.
The UNH.
Here's the last member of the crew. Biz, what's going on, buddy?
Boys, things are great.
Back on track in the desert,
getting in the gym feeling good about
myself i you know when i get on the road man i start getting that broadcaster body again you
know i start uh start getting a little loose but uh it's been good unfortunately the coyotes did
lose last night they were on a good run there they had a great road trip but uh we'll dive into that
because i gotta stroke off the calgary flames here whenever we got to get into that yeah we'll be
getting hell of a team hell of a team right now.
Quickly,
biz,
you talk about a broadcaster's body.
I don't know if everyone out there has been aware,
but we get the behind the scenes footage of the day we filmed the
commercial.
It took us 17 hours to get that thing done,
but the footage was released and I got shorts on.
I didn't realize we were filming at that point.
I'm getting off the bus.
I got shorts on.
My legs are now out there.
And now they look bad.
They're pale.
They're skinny.
But let me tell everyone out there something.
Yes, they're pigeon legs.
But I'll tell you right now, it's better to be a tall drink of water
and you're skinny and you're mobile and you can move
and you can swing the club and you have club head speed
instead of being some short, fat, terrible leg gross person.
So I'd rather look the way I do, as much heat as I'm taking.
So lay off me, and I'll wear pants next time.
Don't want no short shirt, man.
Yeah, you do have terrible legs.
Terrible.
Yeah, I'm not one of them.
Athletic build. Athletic build.
All right, boys, we had some huge, stunning news out of Big D
on Tuesday morning when we rolled out of big d on tuesday morning when we
rolled out of bed as the stars fired head coach jim montgomery completely out of the blue for what
general manager jim nill termed a quote material act of unprofessionalism rick bonus was named the
interim coach uh nil said he received a call about it on sunday he conducted his investigation he
came to the conclusion that he needed to fire the coach that he hired back in May of 2018. Whatever happened, it happened during the Stars
employment. It had nothing to do with former or current players or team personnel. It had nothing
to do with abuse issues. Nils said there are no ongoing criminal investigations. Darren Dreger
tweeted out that a source familiar with the situation said the Stars really had no choice,
but we all know the hockey world loves its gossip and things get around.
So I'd say some of these reporters have to know what happened,
but they probably just don't have enough to like run with it yet.
It's just very unusual guys to have a coach fired like this and have nobody know why usually a,
he lost the room.
He can't win the playoffs.
Can't get out of the second round.
This isn't what happened here.
So right now when people don't have a reason, they're going to speculate,
and that's what's going on right now.
Biz, I know you want to chime in.
Yeah, so obviously, you know, we get a decent amount of listeners now,
and, you know, I guess we have  yeah, not a big deal.
And we have some influence.
I like talking about the hockey side of shit,
and it goes back to the Carlson stuff with the Hoffman,
which has kind of just  it kind of became a thing again
because they're playing off against each other, correct?
Yeah, we'll get that.
We'll get that a little later, yeah.
Correct, but I'm going to group it in the same category, R.A. World.
This is these guys' personal lives, and it's none of my fucking business,
although I do know what happened with the situation on both ends of it.
And it's not for me to say.
We're here to talk about hockey and things that happened at the rink.
I mean,
the coach's situation is kind of like an in-betweener,
but it happened at the rink and it was hockey related when it comes to
other shit.
I just like,
I don't care to chime in on it because it's people's personal lives.
Are you on the same page as me with,
this is not what we're about,
right?
We're not about breaking news about people's personal lives.
No,
I would,
I wouldn't,
if I knew what was going on, like you did, I wouldn't. If I knew what was going on like you did,
I wouldn't say it because that is different
than me breaking a trade.
Thank you very much.
Or breaking a signing.
Sorry.
I will say this, though.
I think it does a disservice not to tell the people
what's going on solely because the next three days
is just speculation.
I already said it quick.
And you hear this,
you get messages,
this and this and this.
And like,
yeah,
I mean,
I guess at some point it's coming out.
That's why not at least just say what happened,
put it to rest.
People are going to stop with all the bullshit,
all the rumors,
all the stuff that's made up online,
because in the end,
this will come out.
Do you guys agree with that?
Yeah. And I would also agree there's probably nothing in my personal life
that if it got out, I would be that devastated that people knew.
It would be like, fuck.
Yeah, but you've never done anything that got you fired from a job.
Correct, but what I'm saying is it's easy for me to say how I would handle it
if I was in the situation but I had I never have like that like let that person who's going through something personal go through it
on his own and when he feels comfortable with everyone knowing it's just because he's fucking
head coach of the Dallas Stars doesn't mean I get to know what his fucking personal life is because
he's making big fucking paychecks if it's not something as serious as like let's say if it's
like it was abuse.
Well, then yes, then, then everybody should fucking know because that's a bigger problem.
Now, if it's, if it's things that maybe aren't as serious as other things, I just like, I
don't fucking care to be the fuck.
Like I got a few messages about it before I'd actually found out what it was.
It happened organically how I found out.
And I'm not the type of person like
like here's another example i had a media member ask me you know how how's tyson berry like in
toronto and i and i i responded to the guy i said honestly man like i don't even though he's my
friend now that i'm in media i don't even fucking send the text out because i don't want him thinking
i'm digging one and I know what
the fuck he's going through what are you talking about look at the guy right so I just like I I I
it's I'm in I'm in a bit of a weird position where one I don't feel comfortable and I don't feel
like I'm important enough to break that that's not you know so you you basically just I know
you know why he was fired and I'm not asking putting you on the spot here. Okay. Oh, so, okay.
Yeah.
And I got the full story and I said, fuck.
I said that, you know, I mean, obviously it's going to be probably when it all does end up coming to fruition.
He's going to have to, you know, take some time to reflect as I keep saying really on every situation.
But like I said, I'm not fucking breaking that, man.
I'm sorry to people who think otherwise and think I'm fucking keeping something
from you being a media member, but I just ain't that fucking guy, man. I'm not breaking trades.
Like if I get a text from a buddy being like the Tyson Berry thing, when I actually broke that
trade that happened when I was sitting at the table and it was kind of humorous. So I, so I did
it and I asked him, I'm like, yo, is this cool? yeah so i just like what how do you feel about it already that the fact that i know it and i just
don't want to i don't want to talk about that well i i think everyone the media feels the same way
biz because no none of the big names that we all usually go to for these stories you know the the
johnstons the the mckenzie's the lebruns none of these guys are saying so not it tells me none of
these guys are comfortable breaking it as well paul. And I think that all those guys' moral compasses realize that it's something serious enough that needs to be said and brought to light from us.
Whereas, let's just let everyone find out slowly but surely.
Like I said, if it was something like of abuse, like the whole Urban Meyer situation where I think he was made aware that the fucking assistant coach
was beating his wife.
Fuck you.
Well, that's why I think Nill came out and said there's nothing
Perfect.
It's not being looked into for anything illegal.
He said that, right?
Right.
It might be professional, but
No ongoing criminal investigation.
So, I mean, what sucks is Dallas was looking good.
And you want to go through this guy's tenure as a head coach.
He spent five years at Denver.
They won a national title.
He interviews with the Rangers and he interviews with the Dallas Stars.
Jim Lights, the guy who last year came out and ripped on Sagan and Ben,
he said he'd never been in a more impressive interview in his life.
I mean, he crushed it from the start.
He was the guy that Jim Nils wanted.
He put his neck out on the line, right?
I mean, like, if you think about how things started, it was a disaster.
And then December, you had the comments about Sagan and Ben.
They catch fire.
They're a Jamie Ben wraparound short in overtime,
a game seven in the second round, a beat in the blues.
Who knows?
They win the Stanley Cup.
Well, then this year comes back, and I think it was the first time in a while
or since they were coming back with the same coach in Dallas,
it seemed like there were always things switching there.
Hitchcock went in the year before Montgomery,
and, well, then they start the season horrifically again. And then they go, they win seven in a row and they get points in
12 straight and all of a sudden things are looking great and more drama and he's gone. So Rick bonus
is there now. He's been in the league a long time. Things I read said that they were more,
they coach together a lot. I think he was almost like a mentor to Montgomery. So it's different
having a different voice. It's going to
change things, but still I think they're going to be coaching
the same styles. But it's definitely weird.
They won the first game without him, so see if they
can continue that. I don't know whether it
was actual insecurity or he was
just saying it to be modest.
Bonus mentioned, he's like,
you know, I haven't been the boss
man for a while, and you
guys got to be easy on me here because, like, you know,
it's a whole different ballgame.
You know, it'd be like Belichick where he's got to worry about everything
or just being an offensive coordinator, right?
Is that a good
I think it's  you can't even describe the difference.
You're the assistant coach.
You get to be like, what's up?
What'd you do last night?
How you fuck around with him?
That's what I'm saying.
You miss a pass, and then all of a sudden, you're the
big dog. And what sucks about
it, too, is if your assistant, in fact,
fucks up, nobody's
fucking talking about the assistant. It's on you.
Everything's on you.
Biz, let me ask you, if Jim
Nill gets this phone call, say, three months ago
before all this coaching stuff has kicked
up, does he get fired three months ago if he gets
this call?
I'd have to get into it if i wanted to answer that question honestly and i just don't want when it all when it all comes out can we revisit that absolutely i'm not trying to put
you on the spot i'm just trying to pick your brain a little well how about one more do you think
short answer no okay but you'll find out why when we're allowed to talk so do you if you're
personally would you have a press conference or release a statement before somebody else But you'll find out why when we're allowed to talk about it. So do you, if you're personally,
would you have a press conference or release a statement before somebody else can break what happened?
It has nothing to do with the climate of why all this shit happened.
Yeah, I said that.
It had nothing to do with the abuse or anything.
So does he ever get hired again?
There's another reason why I say no then.
But it changed because something didn't.
Do you think he'll
never get hired again as an nhl coach or even a coach anywhere based on oh i think for sure he'll
get hired as a head coach again okay i don't know about the nhl just because of how how pc it is and
how much public opinion can change things um so it sounds like we can laugh off i know like you
said people are speculating crazy things and people go to vices and stuff like that.
I think we could say it wasn't that phone hit he did a couple weeks ago
where basically the guys were asking him some kind of ridiculous questions
and he kind of laughed a lot of them off.
A lot of people thought that was it.
But I said, if they fire a coach for a phone call,
that's a low fucking bar right there.
For people who have heard that radio interview,
if you're the PR guy, I mean, I feel like Dallas should be like,
all right, you're not going on this show.
Either way, a radio interview where he didn't say anything remotely close
to bad enough to getting fired, that wasn't it.
Hey, here's where I'm going to play devil's advocate on the fact
that the head coach shouldn't be going on shows like that.
Yeah, I guess there's a level of professionalism to it,
but when you're in a nontraditional market
and you're trying to get people in the building,
it's nice for people in the town to get familiar with who's the bench boss.
Like, I mean, Dallas Cowboys, you don't need to.
Dallas Stars.
Well, that guy's terrible.
Garrett, how does he still have a job?
He must have woke up like Dallas.
Are you looking for another head coach to get fired with?
Jesus Christ, they're dropping like flies right now.
That guy's got pictures of Jerry Jones, I think.
He must have woke up like, so I headlined Dallas coach fired.
He'd be like, oh, it finally happened.
I was like, wait a minute.
He's like, whoa.
He's like, hold on, honey.
He's like, oh, shit.
Put the for sale sign away.
It wasn't me.
It was the hockey coach.
Speaking of bonus, I think I might have mentioned him in episode two.
That guy coached the Bruins about 30 years ago.
He looks like he's aged about five years in the last 30 years.
He's the type of guy who's got a tanning bed in his basement,
and he gets five minutes on each side every day.
Quick Rick Bonas story.
One of the reasons I think he's my current favorite head coach in the NHL
is because Shane O'Brien told me that when he was at Vancouver
and OB was on the back end of the Canucks, Rick Bonas said,
oh, boy, is that Whitney?
He fucking, he's a player.
He snaps it so good.
Head up.
He runs the power, but we got to be physical on him.
He's playing some great hockey.
And OB told me after, it was the best feeling I've ever had
after an NHL game to hear the other coach pumping your tires.
So, Rick Bonas, I love you.
Wait, wait.
You were close enough with OB when you guys were playing against each other where you guys
would talk in the hallway every game? No, he told me
like years later. He's like, oh, dude, one time
Rick Bonas was saying how good you were playing.
It was awesome. I was like, yeah, I love Wade.
He's always snapping around. The last time
that was probably said about me was Pee Wee.
And I was playing down. And Old B was
probably fucking with me. He's just such a good guy.
I'm just going to get with it. I'm going to get with it. Hey, I was playing rec. I was playing down. And Obi was probably fucking with me. He's just such a good guy. He's like, I'm just going to get with it. I'm going to get with it.
What's hope?
Hey, I was playing rec.
I was playing rec hockey.
Before even rollerblades.
You're just on your feet.
You had old summer hockey.
And like you had your spot built coaching shoes your dad bought you.
The hard-o captain from the other team who's got the lines drawn up for men's league.
And, you know, like like what said the ironic part
is the stars have been on a fucking tear uh right before he got fired they had gone 16 4 and 2 in
their last 22 they they did win uh tuesday night 17 4 and 2 in the last 23 now uh and before that
game 7 for 18 on the man advantage in their last seven including four goals and wins over winnipeg
new york so this team was rolling man um but But you've got to think, I don't know.
I mean, bonus has been around.
You should know enough about the fucking game and the team that I wouldn't
anticipate much of a drop-off here.
Would you, Whit?
No, I really wouldn't.
The goaltending has been so good for so long.
What's weird is their offense isn't great.
You've got two guys, Radulov and Joe Pavelski,
who are in the top 10 for worst
point producing forwards that have played at least 400 minutes um five on five so yeah i mean there's
he was a healthy scratch we didn't even get a chance to talk about that yeah and what do you
know he came back and had one-on-one against the islanders his first game back and that was
something where you who knows Montgomery and his relationship,
but you give him a game off, you try to get him fired up to play,
and then it ends up you look like a genius because he came back
and he was going.
But Dallas has unreal structure defensively.
They have really good D who could skate, and their goaltending is awesome.
So they're able to win games without scoring the way people thought they would.
Yeah, goaltending's definitely evened off.
Earlier in the season, it was rubbish.
They got Klingberg back.
He was injured for a little bit,
but he hasn't been putting up the numbers that he's used to putting up.
Nobody is there.
I think he's got  what does Klingberg have, like 10 points?
I remember one year he was an all-star.
He had like 60 or 70 points.
Yeah, two goals, eight assists in 26 games, Biz.
There you go. Good job.
Pat me on the back boys
there you go show me a little fucking love i gotta run the number you just had it exactly on 10 i
know my shit at that this morning i know my shit boys some episodes a month prepared point
he went 58 49 67 jesus 60 he had 67 points one year yeah two years yeah i was there i was at
the all-star game with him not a big deal um i was there to fucking sniff jocks but he was there to play uh but uh but yeah no i think they're
i think they're gonna be okay now what happens all of a sudden though if they go on like a five
game slide do they look to replace the head coach which i'm not gonna put it on bonus if he if all
of a sudden he's he's overwhelmed he he did make a comment about it you know what i'm saying this
team oh go ahead, Ari.
Yeah, I think they said this is the coaching structure
for the rest of the year.
I don't think they're, like, searching for anyone.
They brought up the guy from their AHL affiliate,
and it sounds like it's going to be almost more like coaching by committee,
but somebody does have to have the head coach title,
so they probably gave it a bonus on a seniority.
Hey, maybe they're going to start a new trend
where teams hire two head coaches.
You know?
Bring that  you you know take a little
pressure off one another it's like the goaltending thing it's like the it's like the arizona coyotes
we got two we got at 1a and 1b motherfuckers uh we were just talking about some stats a minute ago
i i this is a kind of a little digression but this is uh someone had finally watched i'm sorry
listen to tim stapleton episode and they dug up this old stat. It was actually a tweet from June of 15.
The top nine points per minute forwards with 100-plus minutes
of five-on-four time between 2011 and 2015.
There's a list with nine players on it.
Backstrom, Giroux, Kuznetsov, Datsouk, Crosby, Ovechkin, Malkin,
Stapleton, Tavares.
Tim Stapleton is number eight on this fucking list of nine players.
Are you sure this wasn't on the Boyke's website, this stat?
Stapleton just like working his computer skills.
That is wild.
I mean, every single name is like possible Hall of Famer.
And then you got Stapes.
Yeah.
Again, that's top nine points per minute forwards with at least
100 minutes of five on four time between 2011 2015 very particular stat but just the fact his
name pops up is hilarious since we're on the topic we we like um we like being inclusive we
like our fans uh knowing what the fuck's going on and we were pondering uh before we started
recording recording today excuse me would you guys be down with a Boinkies
and what's,
I'm forgetting his name right now.
Jesus Christ.
Stapleton.
Stapleton, excuse me.
God, we really kicked in right there.
We want to do everyone's favorite word,
content piece with them,
down with them in Dallas
and bring them there.
Please give us some feedback online
if that's something you guys would be down for.
More Stapleton in long form and on camera.
So we need your feedback, folks.
If that's someone you want, let us know.
We're going to fly them in for the Winter Classic.
Maybe we'll get some other stuff too.
I know everyone hates the word content now.
Yeah, but we need to figure out who we're playing in golf.
Stapes, Bugsy, we got Teddy.
We got to figure that out.
Okay, so I wasn't going to drop the fact that we are going to have
our second annual Sandbanger Invitational.
Now, there's a lot of names in the bag right now.
It's just a matter of getting them there and whether they have the time.
Like right now, JR, if you're listening, we'd love you in Dallas
because I'd fucking bend you over on the golf course.
And I think how many did we get? get 750 000 views on the last one and and i know that any type of
public pressure from all of our twitter fans just hammer jr and tell them i'll fucking sandbag the
shit out of them and i'm gonna let's go a thousand a hole jr no no is that too much we'll see whose
partner is before you start getting me a thousand a hole
with you okay yeah okay i didn't know if that was too much okay we'll just cut this part out
uh i'll bend you over for a hundred a hole jr all right so bring up bring whoever the
fuck you want you can bring tiger woods bring any of your celebrity friends buddy
okay nobody sandbags biz nasty on the golf course ask sid n Nate McKinnon, two of the top five hockey players in the world.
I embarrassed them on the national stage,
and I will do the same to you, you peckerhead.
And, R.A., you're going to be there caddying for us.
Oh, man, really?
Okay, just driving the car, drinking Pink Whitney's now.
That sounds much more appealing.
Okay, perfect.
And, hey, after the Dallas win on Tuesday,
teams that have made a midseason coaching change this season
are now 13-6-1 under their new head coaches.
The Leafs are 6-3.
The Flames are 6-0 since Jeff Wood took over.
The Devils still haven't won yet, 0-3-1 under Alan Nezradine.
Stars 1-0 under Bonus.
And, you know, guys, nobody knows how long these current coaches will last,
but spit and chiclets listeners don't need to worry about how long they'll last
once they start using Roman swipes.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer, but thinking about baseball or trophies or Wayne Gretzky stats doesn't always work.
But the folks at Roman, an online men's health company, are changing the game with Roman swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast acting, and they do not require a prescription, the best part.
They can get shipped anywhere in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipe's packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
Swipes are great because they will not transfer to your partner, so you can last longer without worrying.
It's super easy to use.
Just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to go. That's it. So when you go to getroman.com
slash chicklets, you can get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
If you use the link, getroman.com slash chicklets. Once more, that's
getroman.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That was a great ad read and i will add that guys like
let's not be heroes here like there's some times and you're with a a new girl new pussy and you
know you get that extra half an inch and you're all horned up and then you stick it in there and
about five seconds in you're like oh my god i'm gonna blow within a minute i'm i'm gonna be a
pathetic loser and this hot chick is
never gonna want to fuck me again guys we've all been there trust me yeah okay so this can help
you and i got actually matt harvey texted me the other day asking for him he's probably gonna love
the fact that i said that on here but it's like why be embarrassed by that every single guy
listening to this has has premature ejaculated at least once in their life
and if you tell me you haven't you're a fucking hard-o and i don't believe you okay if you think
you if you're going to tell me you've never premature ejaculated i will pay for it fly you
and hook you up to a lie detector machine and and and and if and if if it fucking says that you were
not lying and you've never done that maybe maybe I'll give you a thousand bucks.
Like JR was going to take off me in the golf course.
And biz, when it happens, the best line to use is I'm sorry.
You're just so hot.
I fucking can't help it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I got a long laundry list of lines.
If it were to happen, of course.
I had my guy.
You're like, it only gets better.
Yeah. Yeah. That's it. You it you just go hey just give me 15 minutes
we'll go again yeah a quick nap here oh boys all right uh the league held its annual board
of governors meeting in pebble beach and uh gary betman's big talk with this year was about quote
unquote hockey culture uh he unveiled a four-point plan for addressing abuse in hockey culture,
this whole shit we've been fucking beating to death for the last month.
The four-point plan consists of, number one,
is to whack teams with, quote, severe discipline, end quote,
if they do not inform the NHL about abuse that they become aware of.
It's thought to be fines, taking picks away, suspensions, even firings.
Number two, a mandatory program every
year for coaches gms all front office personnel about counseling consciousness raising sounds
like something biz would be into education and training on diversity and inclusion i just mean
that's like a 60s term like raise your consciousness biz just about your shrooms and your
fucking bud that's all i know you look a little confused over there. I'm just trying to explain.
No, no.
I'm trying to think of what I'm going to say about all this.
Like, bravo on the NHL on acting so fast on all this because of the climate.
Like, listen, PC culture, you spoke, and they fucking listened.
They got right on this.
They had a board of governors.
I don't know if that board of governors meeting was already planned,
but obviously that
was addressed and now that they have this whole layout and and not only are our teams and coaches
well aware that none of this fucking nasty business is going to go on anymore but now if it does
somehow slip through the cracks that there will be punishment and that and good on the league for
doing that i don't think like like like obviously some people still have an issue
that they might have thought it was a systematic problem
that it wasn't addressed before now, but it has, okay?
It's been addressed.
They've addressed their side of it.
Now let's move on.
All right, just finishing up there.
Number three is discipline for acts that fall under a gray area.
And this is, I think, where things can kind of get a little fuzzy
because, I mean, I'm not sure.
Peter Laviolette come out. remember the clip of him everyone thought he punched
uh villi leno in the head yeah he was kind of going to hit his hand and he come out he said
no i don't want i don't want people thinking this is what happened because it didn't happen
leno fucking kind of agreed with them so i think when you talk about a gray area it can get a
little iffy number four they're going to set up a hotline uh for people to report incidents in or
unacceptable conduct it
can be anonymous if they choose it was i read the article on the on the athletic and there was a
comment that made me kind of chuckle the first one as a columbus blue jackets fan can i call
into the hotline and claim abuse by this team on their fans over the past 19 plus years which
brought a little levity to a dark situation but like you said there's credit to the league for
drafting a plan uh but you know you're talking about decades of culture so things aren't going to change overnight but things are
moving in the right direction and it's about putting people on notice uh you know that this
shit's not going to be fucking tolerated anymore and that's why it's always important to be right
and not first like the labial that thing because obviously this thing was snowballing so everyone
was just collecting as much as they could to just be like, here, see, look, there's another one.
Well, fucking for like, I don't know, 12 to 24 hours, Labulette's name's getting dragged through the mud online, where in fact, it was just an accident.
And then the story was confirmed, and I know that everyone probably is well aware that it was an accident now, but fucking chill out, take a breath, make sure you fucking at least investigate it before you start dragging
someone's name to the mud publicly. It's fucking crazy.
Very well said by all you guys. I just, it's so funny.
I picture told Blake, like, Oh,
we have our diversity and feelings meeting before the season at 1130
tomorrow. He's like, what?
I told you I don't want any goddamn Swedes on my team.
He's like, you're my cigarettes.
Jesus Christ.
But hey, it wasn't all bad, boys.
Some good stuff could potentially be in the pipeline.
The league does want to bring back the World Cup of Hockey
or some version of it.
The timeline does depend on negotiations with the NHLPA.
But a 2021 World Cup of Hockey, or again, something equivalent,
is certainly a possibility. It's believed the NHLPA also wants to tie in participation in the
2022 Beijing Olympics as part of any international agreement, which we'd all be down for. What's up,
Whit? I thought I read that it's for sure now there won't be a 2021 World Cup. Are you talking
about Jordy's blog yesterday? Because Jordy wrote there wouldn't be,
and that counters what I read on The Athletic.
Okay, all right.
So I think I must have saw a tweet.
Suck on that one, Jordy.
But yeah, you know what?
I don't even know if it was from him.
It must have been, though,
because you knew right away what I must have saw.
Because I went and double-checked after,
but it's not a definite yet,
but certainly leaning that way. And Bettman also said they look aiming for more of an international flavor
at the 2021 all-star game not the one why not so yeah bring it back they did it a few years ago so
you know there could be some good stuff coming out of that i mean obviously us guys we would
fucking love to have another world cup of hockey and the olympics i mean that would be ideal listen
if i saw gary betman right here i'd say you know on
the olympic situation this isn't a a player or owner this is you got going to the ioc or whatever
and saying you better start fucking bucking up because these owners are paying these guys
salaries if four of them go over there and two come back hurt and they can't make a playoff push
and make money well what are they why are they going there to play to to put
money in the ioc's pocket that corrupt organization let's work out a deal here that's the money maker
at the winter olympics everybody's watching that hockey it's the greatest hockey on earth ever
it it is like it brings out the best in the game so fucking let's go like start pointing the finger
at the ioc or is that is that how you say it, the IOC?
Yeah.
International Olympic Committee.
You guys think I'm wrong here?
How much money do you think they capitalize off of bringing hockey to the Olympics?
Why is it like, oh, we just don't pay for the sports?
It's like, well, why doesn't skiing fucking show them the numbers
on who's watching downhill skiing compared to the gold medal game in Olympic?
I actually think downhill skiing gold medal coverage is probably like right up.
Really?
Yeah, that's huge.
Okay.
Maybe not as big as the gold medal hockey game,
but it's one of the bigger winter Olympic events.
But, Biz, you're right.
You said it.
Why would they lose their guy?
Remember Tavares got hurt?
I think it was Tavares.
I don't know.
I'd love to see it happen.
I just want to see it because Yipper will be on Team China,
and maybe they'll get in, and Yipper will be running around
trying to take people's heads off.
I want to say I apologize if I've offended downhill skiing,
and maybe I'm naivest to what type of revenue
and viewership they're getting.
I was a big Peek-A-Boo Street fan.
I just have a hard time taking the Olympic committee seriously
when they're considering bringing in esports,
and then now all of a sudden I'm ludicrous for talking about paying hockey,
paying the players because there is risk involved,
and these players are professional athletes.
They're considering bringing esports into the fucking Olympics.
Am I taking crazy pills here? here yeah it's a little ridiculous i mean that is fucking nuts man
yeah i mean listen video games i know that you can make a living out nowadays but to compare them to
actual fucking physical sports like that so there's so there's there's the hypocrisy right
there is i believe they took out wrestling out of the summer olympics could you think of a
more traditional thing than wrestling in the fucking olympics it's like the purest form of
sport are you sure about that it's it's they've taken out some events that are very traditional
because guess what they're probably just not getting the viewership which means more dollars
for them so they're willing to compromise the integrity of the olympics because of more dollars for them. So they're willing to compromise the integrity of the Olympics
because of more dollars when, in fact,
they don't want to shell it out to a sport that's
come on, man, there's a level of hypocrisy there that is
they're a corrupt organization.
So Gary needs to tell them to buck the fuck up.
The first thing I did post-retirement media-wise
was the World Cup in Toronto when they had the young, what was the team North America?
It was pretty cool, actually.
And me and Marek and Colby Armstrong did a Facebook Live
in between periods of the Canada games.
So maybe that footage is out there, Mikey.
I'd love to see how I started off, if I've improved at all, if any.
But just your mind of the World Cup, that was the beginning of this whole run.
Your media dominance?
My media run
with R.A. I remember running back to the hotel
trying to connect with R.A.,
talk about the Bruins for 45 minutes
and maybe a couple movies that I'd never heard of.
I'm just educating you.
Now R.A.'s got fucking
NHL superstars stroking him off
in the hallway.
He doesn't even sit in the what do they call it, the caged area?
R.A., what about the bull gang guy who called out to you?
Like 95 of the bull gang's from Charlestown,
so you know it was one of R.A.'s buddies.
This guy actually wasn't.
He was one guy I didn't know, but it was funny, though, how, like I said,
McKinnon got a bigger kick out of it than I did.
They call it the cage, excuse me,
like where they make, like, friends and family wait
when you're kind of just like, eh.
But when you're, like, more important, like, let's say,
like, McDavid's old man, he ain't waiting in the fucking cage.
Come on.
Yeah.
But you're the non-cage guy.
You're just walking through like, yo, my goddamn joint.
Now, speaking of the Olympics, there won't be any Team Russia
whenever the next Olympics are because they've got another four-year ban
for doping.
Of course, they can play with that silly other Olympic athletes from Russia
like they did a few years ago.
And for a really good comprehensive read on it, I think I tweeted out,
if not, we can tweet it out from the Chicklets account,
but the fellow Slava Malamud, I think that's how you say his name he used to be a russian journalist in
russia he's a russian guy lives in the states i believe now he gave a really in-depth answer to
why russia is just going to keep on cheating it's actually pretty interesting to to see like the
whole mentality there and they kind of have like an us against the world thing and they just keep
fucking cheating it's fucking crazy like that documentary icarus a couple years ago well if reporters keep laughing in biz's face that's what
i was gonna go hey i wonder what his excuse would be for this one and and it's such a shame because
everybody gets banned because i don't know 99 of them are probably cheating but there are some who
aren't and now they don't get to compete in the olympics man that might have been their dream it's such a goddamn shame and i mean surprise surprise
and you're right they never will stop cheating i bet you i bet you they wouldn't be able to get
it under 50 of the people competing cheating yeah well they some russian athletes still will be able
to compete they'll just have to wear that hideous olympic athletes from russia jersey they had to
wear a few years ago.
They just can't be a team Russia. That's
all. Russia as a nation can't
compete because of this latest ban.
And he goes into detail
too about how the IIHF
and international hockey, they're
basically beholden
to Russia because Russia just gives them so much
fucking money that they're all
in kind of cahoots together. It's real shady it's a good read though and when you say
they they got busted again like as in what like when they were doing their their world trials
there was so many Russian athletes that got caught they're like okay you guys got another four year
basically yeah I mean they got that remember the Icarus stuff the documentary that won the
best documentary a couple years ago yeah they like like like this guy says in the article, that's what they do.
They're just going to go back to cheating again.
And like I said, we'll have G tweeted out for anyone who wants to read it.
But it's very interesting to go into how a country under a dictatorship fucking operates in this day and age.
I couldn't tell you about what meds do what.
Except weed.
Yeah, except weed. Yeah. Except weed. But, but from what
I heard that the, the ability to cheat is so much more advanced than to get caught. That's why a lot
of them are cheating. It's just that only a small portion of them are getting caught and it's usually
just like a slip or the wrong day they got tested or something. So, I mean, you got to think everybody in the tour de France is on,
on the juice.
Well,
that's what it all went down when that documentary broke and,
and all the,
the,
one of the biggest dirt bags of all time in sports,
Lance Armstrong,
don't let anyone tell you different.
That guy's a rat.
He was like,
it was ruining people's lives.
Just lying the whole time.
Yeah.
He really did. It's one thing to lie.
It's one thing to bring people down.
In your lie, you're a scumbag.
He's the worst. And God, he had that Oprah
interview afterward. I was like,
was I supposed to fucking try to
give him penance? It's almost like sociopathic.
Sociopathic, yeah.
That's crazy. Ding, ding, ding.
Actually, you know,
not just fucking Russia who's trying to stay ahead of the cheating.
There's a great doc I think I talked about earlier.
It's called Screwball.
It's about the whole baseball biogenesis stuff.
Billy Corbin, he's a great documentary director for Miami.
He directed it, and he had young kids play the roles of all the prominent people.
That was very good.
You saw it, so you did catch it.
Yeah, definitely.
I ended up watching it.
It just shows you, though, how these guys, you know,
they know how to cheat if you stay on the fucking right schedule because these guys were all in baseball and kept cheating
and weren't getting away with it.
It's when they deviated from the script, so to speak, that they get caught.
But, yeah.
Who's our interview today?
Oh, Nello Ferraro.
Oh, God.
Him and R.A. were playing tummy sticks the whole time.
You guys were movie quoting us to death.
R.A. loves Nello more than anyone I think we've ever interviewed.
Speaking of stand-up reverse 69s, you guys had one during that fucking interview.
You were mouth-
R.A. thought when he said he looked like that actor,
it was like he just didn't stop staring in his eyes the rest of the interview.
Steve Zahn.
He definitely looks like Steve Zahn.
But, yeah, he's the guy who there's an article in the New York Times about him.
This guy is fucking what, millionaire, multimillionaire.
He's got to be worth tens of millions.
He inherited his father's candy company, sold it off.
And this guy fucking takes 20-hour bus rides in, like,
the middle of the country junior leagues just to be involved with the game.
And the stunts he pulled to go from one team to another, it's fucking hilarious.
I thought it's an extremely interesting interview.
This guy's a true character, and you're going to enjoy
what we get to in a little bit.
What's up, Biz?
We have some new listeners.
This is the second time this guy's been on.
The first time, if you guys go back to interview,
we talked more about how he used to call teams and act as his own agent.
I think we briefly grazed over it in this interview,
but this is more about how he's transitioned into coaching.
And,
and already you kind of touched on it.
This guy loves the game of hockey.
He,
I,
I pretty sure he's got a decent savings account.
A little bit.
And there,
he has no business being on in the leagues that he's traveling on his buses,
but that's how much he loves the game.
And these salt,
these types of salt of the earth guys are the types of guys we love having on
the podcast.
Cause they are just,
he's a,
he's a character.
He's,
he's a fucking cartoon character.
And I hope you guys enjoy the second time around.
And how long do we have him?
Gee,
50 minutes,
50 fucking minutes.
Enjoy folks.
Yeah.
And you know,
when you,
when you're that loaded to biz,
you have the liberty to tell shitty owners,
go fuck yourself.
I'm not working for you anymore.
You know,
that's true. That's true.
That's true.
All right.
Shifting back to the ice.
Hey, congrats to Washington's Woody Laidig.
He worked his 2,500th game as the Caps' assistant equipment manager Monday night.
We've, you know, been giving a little bit of shine to these guys lately,
like we do to the coaches and players.
He started as a stick boy over 30 years ago.
He's been with the Caps for 31 years.
And another nice little story, well, it's a game of tragedy, but ago. He's been with the Cap for 31 years. And another nice little
story, well, it came of tragedy, but when he had his day with the Cup, he actually brought it to
the Capital Gazette newspaper. They had had a shooting a few days before that, and some of
their employees were killed. And just, I think, shows you what type of guy he was his day with
the Cup, and he brought it to kind of cheer some people up who just had a real tragic incident. So
congrats to Woody on his 25th, 100th game as a equipment manager. It's a lot of smelly jocks for sure.
But, boys, Tuesday night, man, I know today is Thursday,
but we had some funny stuff going on in the NHL Tuesday.
Dougie Hamilton sunk.
He faked the shot from the red line, fucking right on net.
You guys must have caught that.
It's fucking all over the internet.
I mean, Christ, he might have dethroned Keith
until Keith can fucking put one in the net doing it.
That was beautiful.
He doesn't need to wind up part.
I think he did score doing it, Jans.
In Nashville.
All right, well, now I guess I need to bite my tongue,
and I'm sorry to the song master, the OG song man.
Now, should we have a songk throne that we pass on?
Content piece?
Actually, I wasn't saying content.
You said content. I didn't fucking say content.
I was saying is right
now, Dougie Hamilton is the NHL
Sonk throne holder. And then
Yans has to battle back. Yans won't
even be fucking looking for his teammates anymore.
But I think a true Sonk is
the fake rim around on the four checker.
Like, I'd rather that because the goalie gets beat.
The goalie's trying to do his D in favor to go and stop the puck
and make the breakout smooth.
The four checker in front of the net has no business biting on the rim around
that key.
Yeah, yeah.
So smoothly.
Well, go easy on the guys who would bite because I would be one of those
fucking.
Go to the ball again.
A few listeners... I'm sorry, Biz.
Oh, no, I was going to say, well, then we have to think of a name
for the one where you sonk and score.
Yeah, I'll have to come up with one.
So maybe that's some work for our fans, RA.
They have to think of a new name other than sonk
as opposed to the one they score the goal.
And a few of them actually did point out that Terry Ryan may have been
the originator because he actually scored on a similar play years ago.
So we got to give props to our pal Terry as well, who scored very similar.
All right.
And, boys, fucking Jack Eichel on fire.
Had two more goals Tuesday and saved his 5-2 win over the cup champ Blues.
He's got a 14-game point streak.
It's currently the NHL's longest active with 12 goals, 13 assists,
total of 25 points.
He's the third guy to get 20 goals so far this year.
He's done it in 32 games.
He's also elevated Buffalo to second place in a very tight
and competitive Atlantic division.
And we're also starting to hear a lot more hot talk about him on TV
and the TV show up in Canada.
We watch on NHL network every day.
NBC is talking about it.
What you've been watching Jackie play.
He's been outstanding.
Hey,
it's,
it's been a,
it's been special to watch sixth in scoring right now.
And what's really cool,
I think for Sabres fans more than seeing him turn into the legit superstar.
He is,
is that they had the great start last year.
Grinnelly made the shirts. It went to shit. They had the great start. Last year, Grinelli made the shirt.
It went to shit.
They had the great start again.
Without shirts, it was starting to go to shit.
Nope.
Nope.
He's pretty much said that is not going to happen again.
And they're back up to second in that division.
Tough division.
And I think that you look more than anything at it being not that much of a surprise
as good as he's been playing.
And I think we brought this up in the season preview of this the atlantic um but it was the first year 56
points second 57 64 points 82 he's going past 82 this year guys knock on wood that he stays healthy
so you just see it continually rise and that's tough to do i mean five years into the nhl to continue to get better
um shoto to i think you tweeted grinnelly st louis deciding to let him walk behind the net
tuesday night and have nine seconds to just pick it i wouldn't want to cover him either
nobody wants to get toe dragged nobody wants to get highlighted um a posterized as they call it
in the nba i i just i'm happy for him because he's, he's a great guy. We've talked to him before.
He works so hard. He cares about the game, cares about his team.
And I think it was really hard for a player who's that good and wants to win
that much to go through the past couple of years.
So the success that they've had is, is, is in main part because of him,
but also there's a lot of other guys that are carrying their weight in
Buffalo.
It's good to see.
I could not be happier for him with,
and,
and,
you know,
when they went through that collapse last year,
I think,
you know,
I know a lot went on Housley,
but I feel like they were hammering down on him,
questioning maybe his leadership.
And,
and,
you know,
I would imagine that he took that to heart and,
and,
and put the work in this off season and,
and keep in mind too,
like now they do have a fairly competent roster and,
and,
and they're young and they're,
you know,
they're,
they're,
they're probably just going to keep getting a little better and better.
And because they're competent and they do have some guys in place,
you know,
maybe they are able to attract some free agents.
It wasn't easy when they had nobody.
Cause then you got to live like no offense to Buffalo, maybe they are able to attract some free agents. It wasn't easy when they had nobody.
Cause then you got to live like no offense to Buffalo,
but there's nicer places to live and you're paying up the fucking state tax up the wazoo.
And I know like we joke about that all the time,
but those are factors.
And when going to a place like Buffalo,
you're like,
yeah,
I'll go there if I'm getting over fucking paid.
So,
I mean,
I'm just happy for that organization in general,
the fan base.
And I guess now we really know it in fact was Grinnelli's fault last year.
Taylor Hall's a name that they're rumored, actually.
That's another one that I heard a rumor about him going.
And fucking, listen, if Halsey's like, you know what, man, that's a fun group.
But the problem is, though, is the only way Buffalo makes that move, though,
is if he's prepared to sign there long-term.
Because they're going to have to give up.
You'd make the move, but the pieces would be so different
without the ability to get it.
It has to be a Mark Stone situation for them to give up.
Right, but what I'm saying is where Buffalo is now,
they've got to continue to grow and gain assets
and get young guys who are going to contribute.
Now they got to continue to grow and gain assets and get young guys.
We're going to contribute.
You're not going to like,
you'd be idiotic at this point in that organization's history to give up a first rounder for him,
even at the deadline or,
or get it.
And I still don't think that's going to get it done.
What if you could get them signed and you didn't include it?
I have to include middle stat and a couple other pieces.
Fuck.
No,
I wouldn't get rid of middle Statt.
No. I like him. He's young.
And taking
nothing away from Halsey, but
he's going to sign a deal where
he's built like a Ferrari, right?
I mean,
and he has had a little
bit of an issue staying healthy, correct?
Throughout his career, would you agree
with that? Yeah.
Because, dude, if you watch him play he goes full throttle he is it is fucking nuts to watch him go and when he goes at the net he he attacks it when i was when i started
getting this close to the net he did not that i could even come close to skating as fast as he
would but you're well aware where you're kind of like concerned about bodies flying through he fucking goes and that's from at least the times that i've watched him play
so you're you're thinking i'm gonna have to maybe overpay this guy and knowing i'm gonna get four
or five good years out of him where you know on the end of it it's you know he might be
deterring it at that point i mean look at a guy like gabrick so you're saying you make a signing
like that you're saying you make a signing like that
you're saying you make a signing like that when you're closer to competing for the stanley cup
whereas buffalo you're like give him a couple more years that's why i was so critical to vancouver
move by by uh getting tj miller for a first rounder jt rj did i say tj yeah i screwed that
works either way yeah he has um that's why i was critical is because I really like what Vancouver's doing,
and JT Miller is  did I say it right again?
Yeah, you got it there.
Yeah, JT Miller, he's been a big impact on that team this year,
and they're within a playoff spot.
I think they are currently right now.
But it's like, okay, well, what if you dip off towards the end of the season,
or let's say even you do make playoffs and you get like a later seed and then you get bumped first
round well it's just like what what's you just gave up a first rounder to get a guy who might
not even be there in two more years and that could have been a fucking valuable pick now keep in mind
it's it's i believe it's not lottery protected? So if they don't make playoffs this year,
they don't give up the first rounder from the
ah, fuck, what's the scenario?
Can you guys help me out here?
I don't even know.
I think if they make playoffs, then they give up the first rounder.
If they don't, it goes to next year.
What if next year they fucking end up going
they end up having a shit off year and guys are hurt.
And all of a sudden it was a third overall pick to me.
It's crazy.
It's,
it's sometimes when you're going through these rebuilds,
it's short-term pain for long-term gain.
And that's why,
that's why during,
and I'll,
I'll transition that comment to the,
the Arizona coyotes era.
When we had,
when we had Dave Tippett,
Dave Tippett didn't want to go through a rebuild. He's era when we had when we had dave tippett dave tippett didn't
want to go through a rebuild he's a winner he doesn't want to lose he doesn't want to fucking
win 20 games back-to-back years to get assets so that's where it's like as an organization you have
to be like oh like we can't just keep getting you know the 14th pick we got we got to get some
impact players we got to get our connor mcdavid and we got it and there was a few years that we
ended up doing really shitty and we we never got lucky it would have been nice to get even the
second overall pick one of those years and we would we would have had our jack eichel then
i mean now now you know things are going a lot better here there were some growing pains but
i mean we still don't have our i mean we have all of reckman larson that was a diamond in the rough
but but we don't have our conor mcd, but we don't have our Jack Eichel yet.
We're hoping a few of these guys end up morphing into that.
Schmaltzy's not far behind.
And I,
some people are going to hammer me for transitioning it into the Arizona
talk,
but I had a firsthand experience of like,
man,
like we can't just keep finishing middle of the pack here.
We got to make a decision on where the fuck we're going.
And if you don't have the money to spend,
like,
let's just take some shitty years here.
That transitions perfectly into the poor fans of the Detroit Red Wings.
And I should say that I take it a little tongue-in-cheek.
You had 25 years of complete dominance.
So this is what happens.
But they've lost 12 straight, and it's tough,
but it's what they need to do.
How is Steve Eisenman going to build a team
similar to the team he played for in Detroit all those years?
He's going to be bad for three to five years.
And in those five years, you got to be really bad.
You need top three picks.
Biz just said top three.
That is how you change a franchise.
And it sucks, but it's right.
It is such a short-term, shitty shitty situation biz. When you look at what you
can build and what you can grow because of four to five years of pain, because then you know how
good those 12, 13 years or even longer, if the GM really knows what he's doing and spends well,
and you look at Boston and how long that's gone on now, granted that's without kind of top three
picks, they'd say, and I digress, I go off the rails. But the whole point in Detroit is this is what everyone knew
was going to happen this year, and it's going to be the same next year.
But if you're a true fan of the team, you understand what you've been through
and what you got to experience, and you got to be with
you got to root on your team now.
You root for guys to grow and become better players.
You see Manta get better.
You see how good Bertuzzi is.
And then you just hope that it's going to get better again.
But to be, like, really negative and down if you're a Red Wings fan I would say it's not fair.
Whit have you ever been part of a team that has a losing streak that bad?
Have I ever not been a part of a team that's had a losing streak that bad?
All right well how miserable is it going to work like is it you know is it just
fucking like you dread going to work every day or you just try to find a little bit of joy? It all depends on if this sounds bad,
but like kind of like personal success a little bit
when the team is really that bad.
So if there is a guy who's having a good year,
it sucks to lose and guys are competitors,
but it's a lot easier if you are playing real well.
But on a whole, there's so many meetings with the coaches.
There's so many locker rooms after a loss.
There's so many bus rides to the airport where everything's quiet
and nobody's really that happy,
and you're just not doing what you're paid to do,
and that really wears on you.
Now, it ends up, I'm not going to say it brings everyone down
to a certain level because in the end,
you go out to these amazing dinners and you realize
how much money you're making and you're in the NHl but in terms of like looking at your dream of playing at the
highest level and wanting to win it's tough when you're like man i'm on one of the worst teams in
the league and and every day seems to be a battle um great points wit and and just to piggyback off
that and and they're they're going to be shitty and shitty for a few years for the obvious reasons that you just listed off.
As a fan, right now your main concern should be, how's the culture?
Are these young guys who are eventually going to make this team successful
the right guys that are in place?
I think Dylan Larkin is an excellent choice, a very well-liked guy in the locker room.
He comes to fucking work.
He takes his job very seriously
and and he's a funny guy he keeps it loose and and i think that core group of guys really gets
along like the the bertuzzi him you got fabri there now and that d-man ronick haronic i don't
even know how to say his name he's nice if that core group of guys is coming in every day and i
know they're on a 12
game slide and i'm sure things aren't enjoyable but if you're coming to the rink every day early
you're putting in the work and you're you're genuinely trying to build and create that cult
winning culture anyway and get it back to where the glory days was then you're okay then yeah to
be patient for a couple years and and i wouldn't be hitting the panic button just yet.
But if all of a sudden it's like these guys are bickering at each other
and they're fucking  they're, like, going to party all the time too much
because they're like, oh, whatever, we suck anyway,
then I'd be a little bit nervous.
Biz, let me ask you, when a team's going through a rut like that,
do even the jokesters in the room even tone it down during the bad streak
or do they try to keep it light
just to keep things short?
I don't know what their locker room's like.
I know that if the majority of teams I was on,
other than junior, if it ever got that bad,
oh, my God, it would be fucking hell.
I can't remember.
I had unreal teams my last three years in the American League.
Coyotes with Dave Tippett, we were always competitive.
We might have gone on a four or five-game slide.
Yeah, you were never on a bad team, like that bad of a team.
Junior, when I was in North Bay, we had 18 wins one year.
That wasn't a great year.
But 68. No, that's not great. maybe a few more than that maybe i'm off
the number but then when i was in saginaw we were fucking brutal we had like two years where we
we had like 10 wins we we were like four four and two after 10 games one year and i think we won
i think we won eight games the entire year. So we won.
In the last 58 games, we won four games.
By the way, Biz, Saginaw, we're welcomed up there anytime.
My boy Brandon up with the Saginaw spirit, dude. I will be going to Saginaw.
They want to bring us in.
They want to fly us in, dude.
Coach class, I'm sure.
Time out.
If you want to go, if you guys want to go, of course.
I just assumed you didn't want to go to Saginaw
because you'd probably be on a golf course and near a beach somewhere.
I'm going to Saginaw.
That's where I started in North Bay, and then I moved to Saginaw.
The owner's my boy.
Who?
Dick Garber?
Brandon.
Oh, well, Dick Garber is the majority owner.
He bought the team from North Bay and brought it down there.
But I'm going to go there.
And that's where it all started, buddy.
That's where I had my first, like, serious girlfriend.
Oh, my God.
Poor girl.
Every Monday and Thursday morning, she's married now.
She's like, I hear his voice again.
So many kills. She's married now. She lives in NYC. She's happy. she's like i hear his voice again so many kills she lives in nyc she's
happy she's making dough she doesn't have to deal with my fucking stank ass no she's doing just fine
hey boys uh quick note here everybody knows about the risks of driving drunk you could get you could
get in a crash people could get hurt or killed but that still doesn't stop everyone you could
get arrested you could incur huge legal expenses.
You could possibly even lose your job.
We all know the consequences of driving drunk, but one thing's for sure.
You're wrong if you think it's no big deal.
Drive sober or get pulled over.
This holiday season, NHTSA wants you to remember to plan ahead if you'll be celebrating.
If you plan to drink, plan for a sober driver to take you home.
Is it your turn to be the designated driver? take that role seriously and do not consume alcohol not even one drink drive sober or get pulled over with nitsa support state and local law
enforcement agencies across the nation are stepping up enforcement to put an end to drunk
driving showing zero tolerance to save lives and i mean It should be common sense at this fucking stage
of the game. If you're having a couple boys and girls,
fucking don't drive. Spend fucking
20 bucks on Uber instead of 10 grand
on a lawyer. It's kind of a no-brainer.
I got a couple other notes here before
we do send it over. I was going to say, we should reach
out to Uber to get a spit and chicklets promo
code to give to our followers so they
aren't fucking, so no one is an
idiot and they can get a cheap Uber during the
holidays. Good point there, Biz. Don't get fucking cracking on that. That's a free plug,
by the way, Uber. Now let's see some checks. Now we got to pit them against Lyft so we can
start negotiating. That's what I'm saying, baby. Let's do it. Now, as far as that JT Miller deal,
Biz, I got that right here. The conditions are if the Canucks do not make the playoffs this season,
the 2020 first-round pick will transfer to a 2021 first-round pick instead.
So that was the condition you were talking about.
And one other quick note on Jack.
He is on a 50-goal, 100-point pace.
The Sabres haven't had one of those since they've had Paddy LaFontaine
and Alexander McGilney many moons ago.
So obviously keep an eye on our boys' progress.
But I think without further ado,
we ought to send it over to this character, Nello Ferrara.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a guy who's coming back on the podcast.
His first time ended up being number one on HockeyDB for obvious reasons
because when you go look at his HockeyDB page, it's a fucking nightmare.
It's like Nicolas Cage looking at his national treasure maps,
because this guy was all over North America playing in leagues
you've never even heard of, and we're actually going to announce
his official retirement from hockey today on the podcast.
Welcome back to the Split and Chicklets podcast, Nello Ferrara.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Thank you. So the first time that you were on Nello Ferrara. Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you.
The first time that you were on, it was with Biz and Grinnelli.
R.A. and I weren't a part of that interview.
No way.
I wouldn't forget this guy.
I can tell already. He looks just like Steve Zahn.
Yeah, the guy from Saving Silverman.
You tried to save Silverman, but I want to know,
what's your recollection of meeting this not Biz?
I played against him when he was in Wheeling, and I was in Trenton.
And he was playing defense at the time, and he was just one of those guys.
He was an all-star in that league as a defender twice.
Yeah, well, what's hilarious is I rode the bench a lot there,
and I just would kind of watch.
And obviously, every time I played on a team or whatever lineup I was in,
I was always looking at the stat pack
on the shitter, looking at whoever had the penalty minutes
because there's probably a good chance that that's how I was going to keep myself
in the lineup is taking on one of those guys.
But, you know, I'd always ask the resident tough guy, like,
who do you got to be wary of?
And obviously his name was there.
So it was like, it was at that period of time, I was like, this guy can skate.
And he made the game look really, really easy on defense.
And then sure enough, he fought a kid I knew growing up, Gino Paisolini, right in front of our bench.
And it was a slugfest.
And then Gino was kind of bent in half and his just unloaded on him.
And I was just, that was it.
I was like, glad Gino took care of it.
I actually run into him now.
He's living in Arizona.
Gino Pisolini was a kid.
He played for the Plymouth Whalers.
Plymouth Whalers, right, yeah.
And he came into the league, and nobody had really heard of him.
And all of a sudden, this kid was fighting everyone and scoring.
I think he was fighting 30 times a year and getting 20 tucks.
He did it for a couple of years.
He actually got the better of me when we fought in junior
because I didn't fight that much but
luckily at that point that's when I was fighting
on five on threes on the coast and
I was getting a little hungrier
for it and he challenged me
again and we had a good scrap
we had Pierre Leblond on that team
too and he was very tough
scary tough
I would tell him no I'm not fighting you
because I'm so much better than you.
But in reality, I just didn't want to fight him.
Yeah, and what was funny was that when I first got there,
he was not fighting a lot, and the reason why is his right hand was really bad.
And, I mean, when he would unload on a guy,
it didn't matter if he had a visor or a helmet on.
He just put everything he had into it, kind of like a Tony Twist,
without looking back.
But what was crazy is I remember talking to him in the locker room,
I'm like, well, I said, you know what a scout's like?
A guy that can fight with both hands.
I said, if you can fight left-handed, man, you got it made.
And I think, like, within the next couple days,
we played Cincinnati and had a real
big brawl with them and sure enough he uh he got one of their biggest guys on there and he unloaded
with his left and just pumped them and then i think which is crazy because i thought he was a
lefty well maybe it was switch or maybe whatever his dominant hand was was looked like it went
through a blender but uh he just started beating the fuck out of guys on a regular basis.
It was great.
So the way that we got in touch, though, originally,
was I was playing with a guy named Michael Mersch and Vincent Laverde,
and both guys from Chicago.
And this guy organizes all the hockey skates for all the NHL guys,
or used to. Oh, the summer.
Summer skates.
Well, I used to.
So the first lockout that happened in 94, 95, I was 18 years old,
and I was in between junior teams.
So I got to skate with a bunch of guys during the lockout.
So I actually saw how these guys were mentally during the lockout
losing all that money and stuff.
And so I just kind of sat back as an 18-year-old kid
and didn't say two words in the room.
And then the following lockout, 04out 0405 when the league was
completely shut out same exact thing happened so guys like what are we supposed to do and all this
kind of stuff so kind of watched how they did it and then uh sure enough the last lockout that was
only half the season that's kind of when things really got the ball rolling because the problem
is guys would run great skates but then they'd stop because you just say hey listen can everybody who's coming tomorrow please send a text if they're in or out
and then the next you know you got six guys coming and guys are you know not easy living in chicago
and training at the same time in the summertime with what you see walking down the street all the
time it's prime hunting season so you know i mean these guys would just come in and they'd skate a
day and they disappear start ripping Called the two-week flu.
You wouldn't see them for two weeks.
And then they'd come to skate late in the summer in panic mode.
It was great.
So in the locker room when I was in Ontario,
we were talking about this character,
and we were mentioning hockey DBs and being a suitcase.
And they're both like, oh, we have this guy who helped organize
the summer skates back home in Chicago
who has the wildest hockey DB you've ever seen.
And what this guy would do is he would call teams.
You played the USHL and then didn't play for a couple years
and then was calling teams acting as his agent
and convincing teams to sign him to pro contracts
and he would show up.
And obviously it wasn't as advertised on the phone
by whoever fucking agent was.
This guy can skate.
This guy can shoot.
Looks like he fooled Kalamazoo for about 12 games.
That was the biggest fleece jaw.
But there is one funny story about you getting into it
with a guy when you called him as your agent, right?
Well, it happened.
In the beginning, it was easy
because the internet was just kind of coming in.
The internet kind of fucked you.
You couldn't Google anybody.
You could have been in the Hall of Fame if you started in the 70s.
100. I could be like those baseball players today that in the Little League World Series,
they say they're 14 years old.
Danny Alvarez.
25.
Pereira.
Exactly.
But no, it was the one that got me was I was calling Bakersfield,
and they had a  I told this story last time.
It was a French guy who was the assistant coach,
but I had called in to try to get a hold of Paul Kelly, the head coach.
And sure enough, this guy, Marty Raymond, picks up the phone,
and he didn't really have a French accent to go,
and I said  my name was Nelly Lachance.
I said, I'm calling from St. Pascal, Ontario.
I have this player.
Because I grew up going to hockey school outside of Ottawa, Jacques Martin's hockey school,
and I'd stay with his nephews, one of my best friends.
They're from a small town called St. Pascal.
I said, Nelly Lachance, oh, he's tough as nails, can skate.
And I can skate, in my defense i will
never say i can do much but i was always you could motor and i love the hit so i did i took what i
could with it and uh sure enough the guy started speaking french to me and i said oh shit and i
hung up the phone quick and i'm like i'm starting to get into a level of something that just didn't
feel right it was starting to feel like maybe i'm going too far with this little catfish but sure enough i called a buddy of mine and he i didn't even realize he
was playing in bakersfield it was a kid i went to hockey school with uh back in that hockey school
i just spoke of and he got me in and that kind of set the pace but uh i started doing that from
place to place and then uh the last time i did it, some guy, I can't remember who it was.
It was maybe, I think it was Mike Avalon.
He was in maybe Atlantic City or something.
He said, Nello, is this you?
And then the cat was out of the bag.
So I kind of had to stop at that.
You like bots?
Well, you're like, yeah.
But you know what was great is I came in every every camp i went into i put my heart and soul
and i was always in tip-top shape and i did the things a lot of guys didn't want to do you know
what i mean i challenged no i i think i love the hustle yeah it's a fucking great i fought every
i didn't think twice about fighting anybody and i always had my wits about it you know what i mean
like and i never never got beat up thank god because uh
i could have gotten beat up real bad but uh i have no regrets for that you did so you did this
for about what 10 years like you would call and fake that you were your own agent it did for like
10 years i'm just looking at the no because after a bit i my name did get out there and they they
they knew i would i was kind of fearless out there and i i played with
a purpose you know it was one of those things where they knew they weren't gambling bringing
me in and right and knock on you know one of the things i wanted to come in is like i want to be a
good locker room guy so a lot of times i get brought in and they said listen i need you sometimes i go
into places and i wouldn't talk i'd just be quiet but sometimes i get i'd get signed and i said
listen we got to change the culture in the room.
We've got to get it more positive.
And I went to a lot of teams that were in bad situations as far as what there were in the standings.
You'd see teams that were like the Quebec Nordiques from like 1991,
like no light at the end of the tunnel, and then they'd end up folding.
So those were really tough situations, but at the end of the day,'re doing it because you love to do it and you're you're taking pride
in it right you put a lot of work into doing it it wasn't like i i didn't care about the identity
of being a hockey player i just want to play the fucking game and play it the way i grew up watching
it well as i looked i looked through the hockey db i don't know if you went over this the last
time i once again i apologize but you got one goal
you got a pro goal
with the Bloomington Blades
what was the goal like?
it was the ugliest goal you've ever seen
if you want to talk about hockey gods
they were all in the building that night
it took all of the gods
to gather there together
for you to get one
mathematicians can't put a calculation
of how this actually went in.
The forensics team was in there like cheating the angles.
This doesn't make sense.
We were getting blown out, and we were down to 5D,
and I'm playing the left side.
I got the puck, and I had a quick release.
So I got it, and I threw it, and it knuckled,
and it like three-hopped into the net over the goalie's right pad.
Off the ice?
Nobody knew it went in.
Off the ice?
Yeah, three-hopped off the ice.
I love how he threw it.
I have quick release.
Had to get a lot of stuff off the ice.
Oh, he's still got the agent side of him.
Yeah, still selling, still selling.
But, you know, it was awesome.
It went in, and I just stood there,
and I had a teammate that was in Rapid City at the time.
I was playing for Bloomington, and he couldn't believe it.
He was celebrating with you?
Yeah, I mean, it was crazy.
So I went to the bench, and I actually got choked up.
I'm like, you know what?
I probably wish I never fucking scored.
That would have been even better, but I just got the one.
So yeah, the guys came up to me, and they were shaking my hand afterwards.
Like, it was hilarious.
How hard did you go that night?
Well, we got on the bus and went back.
Yeah, but we had some beers on the bus.
I was watching The Wire at the time.
Great show.
Omar coming, y'all.
Nello coming, y'all.
Cheese.
Hey, what's up with the Saskatchewan Rough Riders shirt?
It looks like you're a coach.
You look like a coach.
It's funny.
I don't have any jeans or any lounge clothes except bus clothes.
And I just wanted to make it official.
This is an honor on my Saskatchewan teammates.
I forgot to put a role on that story, though.
So when they told me about this, I looked at the guy's HockeyDB,
and I tweeted out a thread being like,
this guy used to call
teams as his own agent and did the the new york times not reach out to you and do a big article
yeah you did that and then the new york times came out and i hesitated to do it like when you did
that i woke up in the middle of the night and my phone was blowing up so i thought someone in my
family died right no no biz just entered your life it's like the same thing so i'm looking and you fucker
sabotage so anyways the uh the uh my wife's like what is going on like and i'm like and i'm trying
to it takes me about three hours to wake up in the morning like i'm still half out of it but it's
i got it and the next thing was all these people start calling. And there were some weirdos, you know,
sending stuff through Twitter to try to get a story and stuff.
And they ended up not being able to.
I know, like, Real Sports with Brian Gummel reached out.
ESPN did.
And, like, just a pyramid of stuff.
And I really wasn't interested in doing it.
But this kid from the New York Times,
he had reached out to me a couple times and seemed pretty serious about it
and he was pretty real about it.
And I'm like, you know what, I'll talk to you about it.
And sure enough, he flew out and tailed me around town for a day.
That picture they used in it's sick.
You got the flow going.
Yeah.
Now you got the door.
I just didn't.
Yeah.
You got to cut it trim and proper when you're a coach.
I feel like we've buried the lead.
For those who don't know, the headline in the story is
Howie Candy Air Sneaked Into Pro Hockey and Made His Name Into The Savage.
So your family owns a large candy company, correct?
Oh, yeah.
We used to.
My great-grandfather came here from Italy.
And first he was a translator for the railroad company,
and then he became a baker, and then the bakery evolved into the candy factory,
and it was my great-grandfather, my grandfather, my dad, and myself.
I don't have any brothers.
My dad didn't have any brothers, and my grandfather didn't have any brothers.
So it's a very unique situation.
I'm the only one left now, so I'm the only Ferrara. so it's uh it's like that movie last mohicans oh yeah it's time to plant
the cedar it's the end of my my last of the lebanon exactly so what's the status of the
company right now uh it's it's owned by a new company the ferrero uh ferrero company it's a
privately held family company from italy they own Tic Tacs, Nutella.
I mean, they're big, big time.
You still got a piece?
No, no, it's completely out, yeah.
Which is kind of what's unique about you is you come from money,
but nobody would ever know.
You're just like the most down-to-earth guy.
You have a very interesting story.
I mean, that's just the HockeyDB side of it is just a little fraction of it.
Now, we were talking about it before we were recording you end up quote unquote
retiring which i said from playing from playing but not officially i say i say you were the press
conference has not been held right so very loosely considering your rap sheet but you end up buying a
building and in the midst of your retirement you end up making your own bar for your buddies.
Now let's start from the top.
Well, I'm one of those guys that I've got to be doing something.
I can't stand sitting around.
So my dad got sick late that summer.
I had shoulder surgery.
It was my last game.
It was about two weeks before the season was over.
So I had surgery, and I was really laid up, and I'm like,
I've got to figure out what I'm going to do here to keep busy
because with my dad being sick and stuff i just you got to keep your mind going
and um i bought this building that it's it's it's a commercial building with apartment on top so i
went in there i wanted to take on a small project to kind of learn how to redevelop and gut and, you know.
Flip it maybe?
Not flip it, but just learn something, you know what I mean?
And I bought it, and the first floor had to get done, the apartment,
but then there was this basement in the building.
I was always a basement kid. You came to my house, 90, shot pox.
Don't you hurt my precious.
I did everything down there.
Well, no, we used to try to jack.
My best friend Bill was a baby of the family.
And, like, there's a guy you could talk about on this show all day.
He was the first kid to really get into his cable box and trip it
so he can get the Playboy channel for free.
Oh, like the Spice channel.
Exactly.
He was 36 on the old-time cable box.
This is like in the mid-'80s.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, like Bill was great at that.
And then we would do that, and then obviously we got caught.
My dad caught us, but it was funny.
That cable box actually went in his room, and that's why.
He always wanted the playbook.
He's like, I'm taking this.
Yeah, the old Playboy channel.
You'll never see it again.
room and that's why he always wanted to i'm taking this you'll never see it again so uh but i i i would i went down in this basement and it was literally something out of the movie silence
of lambs like i'm not scared of much but i would not sit in this basement by myself it was just a
very creepy deathly gross place and i'm like you know what i i sat on a bucket one time with a buddy of mine
and i envisioned what i was going to do so i turned it into a bar
slash lounge for me and my buddies that all moved back to the neighborhood so we could have a place
to go well sure enough nobody uses it anymore so it uh we do periodically but it really is an
awesome place didn't you have uh the cobra kaiobra Kai guy for when you guys first opened it?
Oh, yeah.
Sensei Marty Kove.
Great guy.
The main guy.
The guy who was the bad kid.
Not the blonde kid.
John Kreese.
The teacher.
Exactly.
That guy's a savage.
He punches the windows when Miyagi ducks him.
He's good, buddy.
He actually was on the Man Cow show this morning.
What's that? It's good, buddy. He was on the Man Cow show this morning. What's that?
It's a radio show. I think
it's national or I don't even know.
He was on the Man Cow show this morning
and sent me a text message saying he's going to give me a
shout out to it. He is
one of the coolest guys I've ever met.
We had him come in as an honorary guest.
Something out of the 80s.
I actually went
to Dallas to see him right when the season was over this
past year they had a comic-con and i didn't know what a comic-con was oh really so i went down to
this comic-con we walk into the hotel he's like you stay at this hotel this is where we're staying
blah blah and they got the cobra kai tv show going on youtube now which is one of the hottest tv
shows going brilliant idea and he's it, and the original cast is.
And so he comes in, got to know him.
So I go down to Dallas, and my buddy Damon and I go to Dallas.
We get into the hotel, and sure enough, Christopher Lloyd,
Doc from Back to the Future walks past us.
And I'm like, holy shit, that's Doc.
Also Jim Ignatowski.
Exactly.
And Cuckoo's Nest.
Oh, the best.
Can't forget that one.
We're all going to probably be in that room one day.
I bet a nickel.
I bet a dime.
Martini bet a dime.
Danny DeVito.
These guys are... Nurse Ratchet, I want my cigarettes.
I asked you a question.
You guys should start a podcast together.
This is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
That movie is awesome.
It's a great movie. We've got to go take a walk after
to clear the mind after because it takes you
to a trippy place.
So we go in there. We check
in the hotel and the next thing you know is we're
going to the elevator
and Biff comes walking out.
Biff from Back to the Future.
And I look and out loud I go, it's fucking Biff.
I couldn't believe it.
But you know how surreal that is?
We're around, you see Wayne Gretzky and you get like, oh my God, or Bobby Orr or Gordie Howes.
Oh, those movies.
You don't get those feelings when you get in our age.
And it's pretty cool you take a trip back.
And then I got to see Leah Thompson, who I had the biggest crush on in my life.
Was that Marty's girlfriend? Yeah. Sl trip back. And then I got to see Leah Thompson, who I had the biggest crush on in my life.
Was that Marty's girlfriend?
Slash mother.
Mother, yeah.
But she was  Mother who wanted to knock on her own son's back in time.
Yeah, she was dynamite.
Do those guys get paid?
Those guys must get paid a lot to go to the movie.
Oh, yeah, I do.
20,000, 30,000 a pop for a piece of pizza?
Yeah.
It was awesome.
In cash, in a bag, please.
100.
He nailed it.
So you go into these things.
It's in a huge, huge convention center, right?
And they have all these shops where all these people sell their little memorabilia and stuff that they've actually made themselves.
And then in the back area, there's booths like they have at an autograph session at a game, like in the hallway or something.
And all these actors, based on whatever
movie they were in, so they had a bunch
of guys from the Lost Boys.
They had Back to the Future
there. They had the Cobra Kai guys
there. They had some
Lord of the Rings guys there.
And some Goonies guys.
It was hilarious, because I'm sitting at the bar that
night, and I look over in the corner, and there's Corey Feldman.
Oh, what was he?
You know, mouth.
So I'm just like, but Corey Feldman's like 5'5", you know what I mean?
Just a little guy.
And then I look to my right, and there's an Asian guy standing next to me,
and sure enough, it's Data.
Data, huh?
Yeah, like Dr. Jones, you know, Dr. Jones.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Are you guys going to do this every time you say his fucking character or what?
It's hard not to.
We've got to leave the comic on.
So anyways, but these people go there, and when you go to the counter,
there's three different options.
You can buy a picture, an 8x10 of the person in the movie,
like in the scene or whatever, and then there's all these different levels.
You could pay X amount for the picture just to get autographed,
then it's X amount to get it personally autographed.
Then it's X amount to take a selfie with the guy.
And then it's all these different things.
Yeah, the packages.
Like 400 or 500, right?
Christopher Lloyd, to get an autographed picture, I think it was 120 personalized.
Yeah, one of my nephews is a huge Back to the Future kid.
So, of course, I'm going to go get it for him.
This guy is an older guy.
He's a legendary actor.
It would be unbelievable.
And here's the catch.
Only cash, no credit cards.
So the ATMs are just spitting out money.
And, you know, these people, they lose control of themselves.
You know what I mean?
It's hilarious.
Yeah, you and I.
It's like they're at a strip club.
It's like us at the Rippers.
I was just going to say that.
Yeah, money is just substance.
You know what I mean?
It's paper.
One thing about the cons, I don't know if you know,
but these are the things that the people show up and they all dress up for.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I know what comes.
It's crazy.
Oh, for sure.
So you've got like tens of thousands of people in fucking...
You think it's bad wearing a jersey to a game if you're an adult?
Try dressing up as Jabba the fucking Hutt when you're 50 years old.
Or the Lord of the Rings people.
There's one guy that dressed up as the clown in It.
One of my best friends, Tim, he's got a really bad phobia of clowns.
So this guy had like the legit clown thing from It.
So I walked up to him with my phone.
I said, hey, can you do me a favor and say hi to my friend Tim?
Sure enough, he's got the fake teeth.
Hi, Tim.
I mean, this guy nailed it.
And I'm like, this guy probably spent the last
two years to do what he just
did. And it was unbelievable. Like, you can't tell the
difference. Yeah. I mean, he
probably spent all the money in his bank account mastering
his fake role.
Last time you were on, I think we talked about your two
week bachelor party that you had.
He went on a bachelor party.
He threw a bachelor party at Lake Tahoe
for two weeks.
Yeah, it was 17 days, actually.
We put a day and a half in for travel.
There's no chance there was a married guy that stayed all 17.
No.
Those guys were in and out.
Actually, nobody stayed 17 days except you.
Well, Soaps was supposed to stay.
Hey, what was that movie?
Is it Smoking Aces?
Smoking Aces.
By the end of it, you were up in the hotel room alone,
fucking bringing the army to get you out. Death is coming, yeah.
It was awesome.
If you haven't been to Lake Tahoe, it's just a magnificent place.
It's our version of Penticton and Kelowna.
But I wanted to go somewhere I had never really been and somewhere unique
and kind of somewhere that would be a draw to get guys to come.
The hardest thing, and I always say this over and over,
the hardest part about the end of a season and being done playing
is you make so many friendships with guys in situations
that are very serious situations, especially the role you play and stuff.
When you know when you're ever going to see those guys again,
I have a hard time with it because I've got a lot of good friends.
Closure.
Yeah, it sucks.
But I wanted to kind of bait it to where guys couldn't resist it,
and it worked. I can wanted to kind of bait it to where guys couldn't resist it, and it worked.
I think  I can't remember how many guys.
I think it was like 43 guys came in through that period of time,
and I'd say 70 were probably old teammates.
That's awesome.
Which was awesome.
You know what I mean?
So, Jay, I did something right, not just in hockey, but playing in a bachelor party.
So you figured go there, rent this magnificent house.
I think you ended up sending me a picture, and you asked me to come, but I couldn't swing it.
Yeah, it was right after you tweeted about it.
I was trying to set up the infrastructure for this podcast, keep the change.
Looks very good.
Pretty sure I did that.
We're trying to fucking go somewhere.
We're not completely out of control.
We're trying to work a little bit.
We've got some kind of structure.
We can't all fucking come from Candyman, all right?
But as you figured, if I'm there for that 17 days, at three days here, three days there,
everyone will eventually
be able to make time to come in 100 and i you kind of i kind of based it to where i didn't give them
an out you know what i mean it's like well if it doesn't work this week you can come that week and
it doesn't work that weekend it could come that weekend and if you can't come during the weekends
because you got to do shit for you know the kids baseball or football then you come during the week
yeah you gave you gave no option and i say and if you're let me if your boss has a problem i'll call for the kids' baseball or football, then you come during the week. You gave them no options.
And then I'd say, if your boss has a problem,
I'll call your boss and explain it,
because I'll invite him too,
and you know he's not going to say no.
And then also you'll try and get a job
in the meantime as your own agent.
Exactly.
So what went on at this bachelor party?
You know what?
A majority of the guys are married.
I was the last guy out of my group to get married.
I got married at, I think, yeah, I was 40.
Smart.
And, yeah, because my whole life, my dad would look at me and say, if you ever get married,
I'll kill you. So I was like, I watched it. And then, sure enough, when my dad was sick,
he's like, I hadn't been married yet. And he looked at me, I've got the most wonderful
wife in the world.
She's awesome.
He looks at me and he says, please do not not get married because of me. And within,
I think it was a few months, we got engaged and planned a wedding and went.
Well, let's put it this way.
If your wife lets you go on a 17-day bachelor party, she's a 12.
Oh, yeah.
She's like, as long as I get an 18-day bachelorette.
Yeah.
What about you coached, right, last two years?
Yeah, last two years I coached in the east coast
hockey league how was that man that's nice i mean that's pretty good to get into that with like for
what you had to do to get to be able to become a pro hockey player to then coach that does show
you know what you were doing one of the one of the things that i always wanted is in my in my
whole hockey career was if in fact fact, a coaching opportunity came,
and I was always told that a lot of teammates and coaches said you'd be great as a coach
or even management.
And I had said, you know how guys are today.
It's about where you've played.
He's not a hockey guy.
So a lot of those, I'd say like the last three years,
I probably played longer than I had planned just so I could get more time in the game.
So when it comes down to me trying to teach a kid or explain to a kid
or get into his head to get him on the right path, they can't pull the, you know,
what do you know?
You never played in the American League or you never played in the National Hockey League.
And a lot of that shit goes on, as we all know.
We said it to our own coaches but not to their face obviously
but um it's it's it i wanted that is in my background to where i had some type of uniqueness
and it all worked out you know how early who who was the head coach my uh my old d partner danny
tetrell yeah i mean you talk about two guys that our partnership together as a coaching staff was unbelievable.
It really was amazing.
He was my D partner.
He's a purebred hockey guy, Western leaguer.
We had a really, really good time.
And I will tell you this.
Dan Tetreault has the hardest job in all of pro hockey.
You're sitting in an island in Rapid City, okay?
We're the only team that doesn't fly.
Our shortest bus ride's 11 hours. And last year, we lost our affiliation halfway through the summer.
We had 14 guys on two-way contracts the year before. So that means, number one, we just lost
14 guys that are, the majority of them were rookies anyways with Minnesota. And Minnesota
was an unbelievable organization. Those guys in Iowa and everything were awesome to us they understood our
situation and we lose that affiliation so now we have to go get players individually now any player
especially today you know back in our day you didn't give a shit you went where you went and
you got your opportunity if you had to make your mark as a player.
Once you get some options, then you can get a little greedy and pick and choose.
So last year, any player with any type of an option,
they wouldn't even return our phone calls.
I'd say, hey, I offered a guy 1,000, right?
Top-notch D-man, number one or two.
We'll give you 1,000 a week, blah, blah, blah.
I think I'll go to Orlando for 600.
Whoa.
So they're taking less money.
I think I'll go to South Carolina, Charleston for 250.
I mean, just hypothetically.
Because you think a lot of it's based on because of how much of a grind the travel is?
It is.
It's a really
So it puts you behind the eight ball.
It's worse than the Western Hockey League.
I mean, you think about it.
Our shortest trip's 11 hours. It's 23 hours our our division was allen texas that's 23 hours
depending on who's driving the bus we had one bus driver named craig nasing craig nasing he likes
to go his own route we'd stop six times in like three hours because it's just the way it was but
you know here's just to show you the kind of grind,
how are you supposed to get players,
especially when you're in a division that's completely stacked, loaded.
You have Boise, Iowa, who's always a powerhouse.
Always have a good team.
Always.
Allen won it like two, three years ago.
Steve Martinson's the most winningest coach in minor league hockey history.
He's coached, I think, 22 years or 23 years now.
He's got 11 championships. And the guy's a savage. He's coached, I think, 22 years or 23 years now. He's got 11 championships.
And the guy's a savage.
He's never got to look higher?
I don't think he wants it.
You know what?
He knows what he's doing.
It's like being a college coach making 300,000, 400,000 a year.
Exactly.
But not only that, he's in charge.
He doesn't have some ticket marketing guy from the front office
telling you what to do.
And the guy doesn't know anything about hockey.
You know what I'm saying?
And there's a lot of that these days.
These guys, the marketing ticket guys that come into these organizations
as presidents or whatever, they think they're hockey ops guys,
so they want to come in and put their two cents in,
and they have no idea that they're, number one,
causing pressure for a coach that's learning how to deal with these types of issues,
and number two, you're breaking up everything that is being built right just because they want to be in into the shit so
it's tough but you know allen tech this is a prime example last year you'd be proud we led all of pro
hockey with 86 fighting majors okay and when i say that it's every single guy putting in the effort
it was a very tight-knit group, a bunch of no-name guys.
We had a couple guys like 10-year veterans that have been grinding out in the East Coast League.
Riley Wazlowski, he's 30-something years old.
He's got a wife and kid, and he's getting in the mix.
He's the captain.
Garrett Klotz, an old heavy from the American League, who you've got to remember.
He was our heavy heavy.
We had Tyler Crunk, the junk Crunk, the Junkyard Dog.
So we had all these guys, but it was awesome.
They all contributed.
How'd you guys make out?
We were picked to finish dead last.
We were mathematically eliminated from the playoffs five days before the season was over.
It sucked.
We were holding on so tight.
But we played most of January and all of January and most of February with nine forwards and five D.
So here's how one road trip goes.
We go from Rapid City.
I'm sorry.
Is that Iowa?
Rapid City, Iowa?
South Dakota.
It's the southwest part.
Beautiful place.
If you ever guys want to go, trust me, it's a great place to go and visit.
Really?
Summertime, yeah.
It's beautiful.
People are amazing.
The city's awesome.
It's a great place to go and visit.
Summertime, yeah, it's beautiful.
People are amazing.
The city's awesome.
But we go from Rapid City to Toledo, which is 20-something hours.
Toledo to Fort Wayne.
Fort Wayne to Kansas City.
Kansas City to Cincinnati.
Cincinnati back,
during the polar vortex, might I add.
And we don't have a generator that works on the bus, so most of the trip we're in pitch black, seeing our own breath.
Did anyone know that?
It was amazing.
That's just pure love of the game.
Yeah, but it got a little crazy.
We had three carbon monoxide leaks on the bus.
We were 15 guys that carbon monoxide poisoned us.
Jesus.
It was crazy, yeah.
But the best is every day we would come into the office,
we'd have the song Burn On by Randy Newman on the radio.
That was the song that was played in the beginning of Major League.
There's a red moon rising.
You guys just embraced it yeah i mean at times it
wears on you like tetsy and i would look at each other like what the fuck are we doing i'm gonna
kill this randy human fuck it was unbelievable like we had joe boo statue i have a joe boo
statue as soon as the player got in a slump i'd stick it into his uh his his stall then the slump
would end and move on to the next guy bartender Boo. Bartender Joe Boo needs a refill.
These guys need to get all mad at us. No, no, I love it.
I love it.
I had so many people come up to me yesterday like,
all right, I get your references.
Keep doing them.
Thank Christ.
Everything's a movie.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, that's great.
Fucking right, brother.
We pitched that at our own podcast.
You would throw them out when I was first on the podcast,
and it kind of like threw me off guard.
I'm like, well, okay, what was that?
Half the time, it's like, wait, what?
What was the voice
you just did and what what are you talking about now you just know it's different voices for
different characters oh yeah i just gotta commit because people out there listen oh for sure so
many movie people so so your favorite chicklets character is probably ra then oh it's great you
got a little bit everything though i mean this this this first of all it's an absolute honor
to be on this but i'm happy for you for you guys because we all have talents away from our regular talents,
and we're most likely known for it.
But this is awesome.
It's got a lot of good flavor to it.
Some of the guys you had on here have been fantastic.
The Kelly Chase one was one of my favorites.
I got a great Kelly Chase story if you ever want to get there.
That's why you like the Kelly Chase one.
He's a Saskatoon guy.
So Soaps and I did a hockey school in Saskatoon for a few summers.
And when I tell you we'd wake up at 7 o'clock in the morning, eat real quick,
go to the rink, we're on the ice for six hours, we go back to the hotel,
take a nap, go to the gym for two hours because both of us were still playing
at the time.
And I mean go through a legit grinding workout.
Go home, shower, change, go to the restaurant,
and we would close Hudson's and Saskatoon down every single night.
Okay?
Kokanee and clam juice, right, which is delicious.
And dry ribs.
Kokanee's a beer.
It's our version of Coors Light.
Okay.
Okay, and then just Clamato in there.
But I know it's very manly.
I would put Kokanee way ahead of Coors Light.
Oh, blows it away.
Blows it away, yeah.
As long as we establish that.
It's awesome.
I got coyotes bringing it through the border for me all the time to stock up the GDL.
Yeah.
But what's awesome is that by by the third or fourth day,
Soaps and I couldn't even skate or do anything because we had so much sodium
in our joints from the Clamato, and we would hit repeat every day.
And we'd change it up a little bit.
We'd go to the concert venue they got down there on this one street.
We saw Nazareth one night.
I mean, it was just awesome. And then i got another great story about that place if you want
to get in there was a good time but so we were there for we go for two weeks so it's like thursday
night and we're just at the end of the two week and i mean we're dying okay we're dying and we're
dragging it we finally threw in the towel and we left we left Hudson's at like 8 o'clock.
And sure enough, we go to the hotel, and I look,
and I just see this tough-looking guy standing there.
I'm like, is that fucking Kelly Chase?
Yep.
Soaps goes, hey, Chaser.
Chaser turns around all fucking sparky.
How you doing, guys?
What are you doing in town?
He's like, oh, just they were in town for something, I think, in Wendell Clark.
They retired his jury.
Yeah, for Saskatoon Blades or something?
No, somewhere where he's from.
He's not from Kindersley.
He's from maybe Melfort.
But wherever his hometown was, they honored him, and it was pretty cool.
So he was in town for that.
So sure enough, he goes, well, I'm going to go throw my stuff upstairs,
meet down here in 15 minutes.
We didn't even have a chance to say sorry.
We just, he tells you to do it.
We're an offender.
Yeah, but I'm saying, like, I grew up watching this guy come to Chicago Stadium
all the time, and it was awesome.
Sure enough, we go to Hudson's, and it's packed.
And it's, you know, the bar's in the middle, so it's just a sea of people.
And obviously, people see Sopalal there and they see Kelly Chase.
And me sitting there, I look like a horse jockey.
I'm like the little guy sitting down there.
So sure enough, we're getting into a pretty serious talk on views of the game today.
And Chaser likes to get  he gets pretty heated up if you ask him the right questions.
He likes the fighting.
He likes the rough stuff.
It's about the honor of the game and stuff.
And the code's going out the window, and that bothers him.
So we're sitting there, and he's getting heated up,
and he kept going in, and he's like, you know,
the game doesn't owe anybody anything.
You know, the game doesn't owe anybody anything.
And I'm sitting there, and I feel this kind of splash hit my arm.
And it's hitting him, and he keeps turning around like this.
And there's this little, I don't know what he was, but he was Asian or something.
But he was a little guy, and he's turning around.
It happens again.
I'm looking, and I'm kind of noticing, like, the kid's not drunk, and he's not doing this.
So I don't understand how his beer would be splashing on Chaser.
And you could see Chaser getting, I mean, furious.
Smoke was coming out of his eyes.
And he's holding it.
He's holding it.
I'm like, wow.
And then there's me sitting like, wow, this is Kelly Chase really getting mad here.
This is probably like what he was looking like on the blue line when he was about to
fight Wayne Van Dorp in 88th.
I mean, it was unbelievable, you know?
So I'm sitting there, and he's just fucking fuming.
And I'm like, I looked at the kid.
I'm like, hey, can you kind of give a little bit more space to get my friend wet?
And the kid looked at me like I was nuts.
Sure enough, keeps going, and it stops.
Then it starts again.
And I'm looking.
I'm like, what is going on?
We were sitting right underneath a piece of duct work for the air conditioning system.
And, I mean, it's fuming in the place, and it was dripping.
And it was hitting Chaser.
It wasn't this guy with the beer.
So I'm sitting there, and now I figured it out, and I just let it go.
I said, hey.
I'm going to get this kid killed.
I go, hey, Chaser.
I said, I don't want to start problems in here, but I think they're doing it to fuck with you.
And he fucking turned around, and there was nobody there, he realized it and we were dying like this it was a
great moment you know i mean i was just like well you know maybe 10 years ago i probably would have
not told him that see what he would do you know anything for a fucking story just to sit back and
like you know you don't get to see Kelly Chase fight anymore.
It would be better than seeing him in a, you know.
Right in front of you, right?
No, it was great.
It was like when I had the bar,
we were talking about getting Sensei to come down.
And I was like, all right, well, what do you do to up at a level?
And I'm like, you know, what would it take to get Ralph Macchio
and William Zapka into the bar,
completely not knowing what's about to happen.
And we raise like
500,000 cash
amongst all the guys that belong.
Put it on the bar.
Take the sheet off it and say,
you two fight, the winner gets the money.
How unbelievable would that be?
You can't write stuff like that. Would that be nuts?
That would be pretty sick.
He's scratching his nuts over here
Look at this guy
He's getting horny off of that
Well the fighting story is going to go on
That's all
500 grand
Oh yeah
I got another great sentence
Could you guys have raised 500 between them?
No
Absolutely not
The guys would get divorced
But you never know
Guys might do
It might be worth getting divorced
To see something like that
Content
It's going to get sponsored.
YouTube would be eating that up, you know?
I want to go back to the  sorry.
Oh, no.
He was going to go into something else there.
So we're in Saskatoon at Hudson's one night, and, you know, we're in there,
and it's just me and Soaps, a couple of guys from just local Saskatchewan guys,
the greatest guys in the world that would help at the camp.
A couple of guys from just local Saskatchewan, guys, greatest guys in the world that would help at the camp.
And sure enough, you know, Soaps comes back there, and it's like he's a phenom, you know what I mean?
Local kid, and the people there are just really humble people.
And some guy must not have liked the type of attention that Soaps was getting at the bar.
And we all know, like, Soaps is one of the nicest human beings you've ever met, you know.
So we're sitting there, and this guy, you could just see him getting fucking heated up.
So sure enough, we go outside, bar's closed, and the guy's just sitting there,
and I'm like, we got a problem with this guy here.
This guy's looking for something. And I said, hey, man, you know, you all right?
And he's like, goes soap fuck him and I'm like
well maybe soaps took his girlfriend from him in high school or something I was like something
so sure enough I'm like well what did he do and the guy couldn't give me a straight answer he was
just one of these local guys some wants to make a name for himself for some and I'm just sitting
I'm like listen man there's no chance that this is going to happen.
I said, first of all, there's six of us and there's one of you.
The second you touch him, I'm going to kill you.
You're not, because he's not getting in trouble for this.
Nobody knows who I am, right?
I'm some Yankee in Saskatchewan.
I mean, who knows?
So I'm sitting there.
I'm trying to talk common sense.
So Soap kind of sees what's going on.
So he comes over. He's like, what's the matter? I was like, you want to fucking go, Soaple? Fucking, and I'm trying to talk common sense. So Soap kind of sees what's going on. So he comes over.
He's like, what's the matter?
He's like, you want to fucking go, Soaple?
Fucking me and you right now.
I fucking want you right now.
And I'm sitting there.
I'm like, I'm looking around like, is this a joke?
Is someone recording this on camera or something?
So I said, listen, man, why don't you fucking tell me what the problem is here?
Let's talk about this.
And sure enough, like five minutes of this common sense talk
was going on.
And he was flared up like this.
He just deflated.
And he goes,
I just want to hang out
with you guys.
Is that all right?
And I just started dying laughing.
It was unbelievable.
I can't write this shit.
It was unbelievable.
That's how he handled it.
It was unbelievable. Did you guys just love it? Soap's just fucking good old home. It was unbelievable. That's how he handled it. It was unbelievable.
Soap's just like a good old
home. Oh yeah, it was unbelievable.
I want to go back to the candy
for a minute. The Lemonheads, I was told
to ask about the Lemonheads. Is it true
that you were inspired as
an infant? They were inspired by you?
It was by my dad.
So when my dad, if you saw a baby picture
of my dad, his head was kind of weird shaped,
and he had this ear-to-ear smile.
And my grandpa, a very brilliant man, he came up the name Lemonhead because his kid looked like he had a lemon head.
Wow.
Yeah, he wasn't.
But a lot of people would think that because I got the blonde hair, and my dad was dark hair,
had the mustache until about 2005, really dark skin kind of guy.
So you'd never really put the two and two together.
Right, right.
He was the limited.
That's crazy.
This guy's awesome, some of these stories.
And then I just look and I see these unreal Gucci shoes with Under Armour socks on.
My wife bought me these shoes.
She worked at Nordstrom's for 27 years, so she'd be at the shoes. She used to work at, she worked at Nordstrom's
for 27 years,
so she'd be at the rack.
She was a manager
at the rack for a while.
So I get,
I think these were 40.
I didn't even realize
they were Gucci
until about two months ago.
I stepped in dog shit with them
and sure enough,
like dog shit on the Gucci
and I was cleaning them
and I looked
and I see Gucci on them.
I said,
you buy me fucking Gucci shoes?
I don't wear Gucci shoes.
You know?
You couldn't tell
by all the G's all over it? I don't pay attention Well, no, it is sneaky black on black. Yeah, I didn't even know what they were. I don't wear Gucci shoes. You know? You couldn't tell by all the G's all over it?
I don't pay attention to shit.
Well, no, it is sneaky black on black.
Yeah, I didn't even know
what they were.
I thought they were...
They kind of looked like
the shoes a priest would wear
back in the day.
That's a good one to want to copy.
Yeah, right.
Well, dude,
thank you very much.
We got another guy coming in,
but we could talk to this guy forever.
We got Jamal.
We got Jamal Harris.
R.A. and Nello
should have their own little movie cast.
He played Tabor in Cuckoo's Nest. I had to look it up.
Christopher Lloyd. Yeah, he was good.
Jamer's a good dude. I skated with him a lot
in that last lockout. We're going to ask him about you.
When my dad was
sick and dying, I would wake
up. I'd
stay at the hospital until about 6 o'clock in the
morning.
He'd be doing all his tests and stuff during the day.
But Jammer had just gotten a job with the Blackhawks doing television,
and he didn't have where to stay.
So he would come back, and sure enough, we'd get about an hour to sit and get updated on hockey.
And he was there a majority of the time that my dad was sick and dying.
So it was a righteous period of time, man.
It was good.
Thank you, buddy. Appreciate it. Anytime, fellas. Nice appreciate it anytime nice to finally meet you yeah you better than advertising and big thanks to nello ferrara for coming on like you
said biz me and him we kind of had a kinship there i don't know if it was the movie we still
quote movies back and forth on twitter ever since we met but uh he's a true character of the game
and like you said what he does i mean he could be sitting fucking counting his money every day,
and he's riding these buses and grinding
and trying to help guys to become the best players they can.
So, again, it tells you what kind of character he is
and what kind of character he has, huh?
Pina coladas.
That's what I thought you were going to say.
He could be sipping pina coladas on a beach somewhere
because, boys, that's exactly where I would be. I'm a Miami Vice guy. I want the pina coladas on a beach somewhere because, boys, that's exactly where I would be.
I'm a Miami Vice guy.
I want the pina coladas.
I got a nice voice today.
La, la, la, la, la.
Okay.
She actually got a fake.
Gee, you got a pond update for us, pond hockey update for us, brother?
I do.
I do.
We're actually launching a website for the pond hockey tournament.
A lot of people have been asking where they can find information.
So that will be barstoolpondhockey.com.
You can find the information there.
And we also have some registration info.
The New Hampshire Tournament, registration for that will open December 16th
at noon Eastern time.
And the Toronto Tournament, registration for that will open December 18th at 12 p.m. Eastern time and the Toronto tournament registration for that will open
December 18th at 12 PM Eastern Eastern time.
And you can register for both lows again on barstool,
pawn hockey.com.
Hey,
did I,
did we mention that we're going to do the thing at Boston pizza yet?
The party.
Yeah,
we will.
We will be at Boston pizza as well.
We're going to do like the,
the Friday night bash.
And I'm telling you guys, the closer
this is getting, I'm a little excited to get back on
my blades because I'm going to throw the blades
on when I'm there. And all these fuckers
who chirp on Twitter like, oh, this is what
this guy, I'm going to show you guys what a washed
up NHL is going to do to you.
I'm going to fucking have you on roller blades
every four fucking seconds.
And then when you try to get all fancy,
boom, stiff arm.
Speaking of that, you guys' commercial came out of you guys behind the scenes doing your skills competition with the new Amsterdam Vodka
that we filmed out in L.A.
Some good stuff there, some good stuff in that commercial.
Yeah, it brought it up already.
Well, we kind of glanced over, and I was going to say,
you made me feel like I was being a hard-o early on,
but I really feel that that they didn't know time out they were trying to get the shot right like so
they were playing around with them stuff and I get that it went long yeah there was a few times
where I thought I could have a better take and I thought overall the production would have looked
better I'm trying I care about my work.
You got a little bit frustrated there, and you thought I was being a bit of a hard-o when I don't think.
I thought you were being exactly how you are in many aspects of life
where it's like you're a perfectionist, but, dude, like seven takes.
Yeah, you get it.
All right, dude.
Good job.
I'll do that one once over.
39?
Fucking Randall. Let's brando one more it was like
bro like but you have to remember that a lot of those no no no no no no you have to remember
it's not biz nasty does muskoka part two it you it was you like like not realizing it's like
all right dude just get it done it's a commercial i think that you think that i was the one making it go
longer than than it was i get that i might have added another 20 minutes to it but buddy they
had to figure out the fucking shot like i like they they had they couldn't get the ice shot i
had i had to be in the weird position and i had to like then they were like changing shit and like
buddy come on i'm not fully to blame for this and i think i think we're on a clock and we got to
finish with our other subjects we use guys can fight about this later but you just said
people are gonna people want to hear the public court of public opinion right or or our sides of
it yeah i thought it turned out great we had a good time and it was a long fucking day and then
we were recorded a podcast check out check it out then you went up until eight in the morning and
then i went and got a kill oh boy then i went to the calgary stampede for four days and got about eight more
but who's counting but who's fucking counting where i should have got player of the week from
the nhl that week mid-summer first second and third star i put so much fucking anthrax up my
nose the nhl came out with like the whacker of the week every year at the Stampede.
Most skills in the NHL, alumni included.
Oh, fuck.
I'd have some assists in there, too, because I snap the puck around, boys.
Oh, my fuck.
All right.
What the fuck are we talking about?
Colorado Avalanche, stud rookie defenseman,
Kael McCaz day-to-day with a UBI after he got hurt Saturday in Boston.
But his teammate, fellow defenseman Nikita
Zdorov, has been like the terminator of
defenseman all day. Knocking players
out of action left and right.
Monday night, Matthew Kachuk went to hit him.
Apparently dinged himself up. He finished the game,
but he didn't play Tuesday versus Arizona.
He crunched Montreal forward
Jesperi. He cocked an Emmy into the boards last
week, and the youngster landed very awkwardly. He did a Reed Rothschild style full flip. He ended up concussed the poor guy. Montreal, some of the media was saying he slew for them and they wrote some fucking shitty columns, but I mean, it just looked like a hard hit with an unfortunate ending, unfortunately.
Zanuck back in October, just the Zanuck kind of pivoted,
so it was an ugly result.
That was the one where Lucci popped him in the mug afterwards.
This guy's game, he's sucking, knocking people out left and right, Biz.
Here's why when some media bark up about some of these hits and they're like, ah, slew foot.
You never fucking played.
You have no clue what the fuck you're talking about.
You know what happened there?
He got him, and he's so powerful,
where when he hit him against the wall with his shoulders,
sometimes your shoulder pads will just stick.
So then you kind of end up fucking going ass over tea kettle.
That was not a fucking slew foot, okay?
Listen, Zdorov's the type of defenseman where if I, you know,
maybe in the American League because I never really got to play as much in the NHL,
where I would be going after him every game and there would be a fucking duel going on.
That was my matchup right there.
The guy who wants to bully my small forwards,
I'm going to make him feel so fucking insecure.
But I tell you what, man, I love his game.
As a guy on the other team, I fucking hate his guts.
But if our team were to sign him, I'd be the first guy to call him
and say, thank fucking Lord.
I really like this guy, man.
I know that he's got a  early on he's been physical
and he's been dinging up some guys, and then people weren't crazy
about the fact that he wouldn't fight Lucic, which I was a little
I was a little irritated at that.
I wish he would have dropped him with Lucic there.
But I tell you what, man, this guy is a fucking gamer
and he's a pain in the ass.
The guy you want on your team.
Perfectly said.
You hate to root against him.
Colorado guys love having him on there.
I'm telling you what, I'm not giving him benefit of the doubt,
but I'm also saying that was not a fucking slew foot.
No, I watched it 20 times.
I did not see anything a slew foot in there.
Because it's him, you're just looking to find things that you could say
would possibly be an illegal.
Public enemy number one.
Yeah, the guy plays hard.
He plays dirty.
As much as people want to get rid of it, that will always help in the NHL.
A good, hard, dirty hockey player.
That sounds crazy.
Sounds crazy.
Brad Marston's a dirty player.
He's nasty. That's dirty player. He's nasty.
That's fucking hockey.
That's life.
Put him in the category of he's almost there
where he's never going to get benefit of the doubt.
And that's exactly why people were trying to say it was a slew foot.
Certain guys are in that realm forever, as one you just mentioned.
You did mention Mashi.
Actually, did you guys see the great little clip of him Monday night,
the little nine-year-old girl, Sophia Pierce,
she absolutely crushed both anthems in Ottawa Monday night.
He went over and gave a little handshake.
I don't know if it went viral, but it was pretty funny to see Machi.
Everyone fucking hates him.
He went out of his way to give the girl props.
I thought it was a nice little clip.
I didn't hear the anthem, but sometimes when these little girls come out
and they belt out the anthem and they carry those notes and shit, this may come as a shock to you guys.
I will get teary-eyed on the bench.
Yeah.
A good anthem?
Someone needs to find a little tiny
she must have been a six-year-old Asian girl, sang it for the LA Kings.
They had an afternoon game recently.
It was randomly on in my living room.
My wife's like, who is this girl?
And it's always a six-year-old.
So those things are great when you
see. Quickly, too, about
the Bruins, that clip that I think everyone got a
kick out of of Tuca smashing his stick.
I got the backstory on that.
Oh, yeah. I wondered right
away. So what I saw
was the team pile up and it almost
looked like a group of guys
beat them in rebound. But you could tell the Nets were on the blue line,
and the celebration was way too big for it to be rebound.
So I figured I'd ask around.
They were finishing practice with three on three in the neutral zone,
which is totally skill work, fun way to end it.
And I guess they were, Tuca's team, they were getting pounded.
He was letting in everything.
Well, right before, what's his name? What's the coach's name? Jesus Christ, they were getting pounded. He was letting in everything. Well, right before,
uh,
uh,
what's his name?
What's the coach's name?
Jesus Christ.
I'm blacking out.
Right before Cassidy blew the whistle to end it.
Right before he blew the whistle to end the practice,
um,
Tuca's team,
they sniped one in and for no reason whatsoever,
they just went bananas,
a crazy celly after getting worked and Tuca just turned around.
So he was the losing goalie, but his team scored at the last second,
decided to celebrate, and just started tomahawking his stick.
So I guess it was him joking around.
He gave a little selly after to it, which was hilarious in the video.
Yeah, I think some people took it serious when I watched it over.
I'm like, no, this guy's just clowning around.
I was reading it.
People are like, oh, what's going on?
I'm like, they're fucking joking.
You can't see the
Tuca's on the trade blocks. I was reading it. People are like, oh, what's going on? I'm like, they're fucking joking. You can't see the object.
Tuca's on the trade blocks.
If anyone actually said what's going on here after seeing the team jump around,
they're the stupidest person I've ever talked to.
People really thought something was wrong there.
People thought it was a slew foot.
No way.
No way.
I don't believe it.
If you see a goalie smashing a stick and the entire his own team celebrating,
laughing, and you think something's wrong,
you're a moron.
Yeah, I don't know if people didn't watch it close.
And there was actually another tweet.
I don't even know who sent it.
I wouldn't name it anyways.
But they're like, this is disgusting.
Like, he's breaking a stick like that.
Meanwhile, the players in the National Women's Hockey League have to buy their own sticks.
It's like, are you fucking serious, dude?
I mean, not to do with the women. I mean mean it does suck if they have to pay for their own sticks
but like that has fucking absolutely nothing to do with what we're talking about here to drag that
and it's like come on but it's a fucking stretch guys there's a couple other uh chaotic situations
i wanted to ask you guys about and and all right i don't know if you had this one stink well i was
going to talk about evander kane of the sharks in that ham hughes watson incident that was that was some old-time hockey right there and that's the type of passion that
i don't mind seeing in today's nhl and i know some people don't like the fighting and all that type
of shit but i love that passion so evander kane was getting into it with ham hughes and then
evander kane started unloading on him and and w jumped in for Ham Hughes and I I respect the
fuck out of Watson he got a couple good shots in obviously Evander Kane stood in there if you see
a teammate getting pounded dude you jump in it doesn't matter I I've never played with Evander
Kane I don't know what type of teammate he is all I know is about what I've heard but he's another
guy like he comes to fucking play he's got a chip on his shoulder, but he's another guy. Like he comes to fucking play.
He's got a chip on his shoulder and he's fairly consistent with his offense.
He's a, he's a solid fucking player, man.
He's a gamer.
Yeah. I saw that clip.
I think there was a picture.
I'll send it to you.
Someone's like, oh, that is the reverse 69 that business talking about.
Cause the way they ended up, I was thinking the same thing.
Cause at the end of the clip, they clip, it was like the weirdest position.
I think Watson was face down on the ice.
Yeah.
And Evander Kane was, yeah, was on top of him.
But his ass was in his mouth.
That would be a reverse 69.
I remember looking at the picture thinking that.
That was so funny that that happened right after that.
I wanted to talk about the Calgary Flames briefly.
I think they deserve a little credit.
We didn't really dive into them much after Jeff Ward.
Is it Jeff Ward?
Yeah.
G-E-O-F-F.
Goff?
Goff Ward?
G-E-O-F-F, yeah.
Listen, I guess, let me start off by saying
I think there's a strong correlation to the fact
that Pink Whitney landed in Calgary, Alberta,
and all of a sudden the team started playing better.
But there may be other reasons, and I will list those off as well.
Their power play since the new coach took over has been on fuego.
I don't know if it was just for our game, but they seem to have put their lines
in a bit of a blender and spread it out.
Like last night, Johnny Goudreau was playing on the right side,
and I think Milan Lucic was on the left.
So all of a sudden, Lindholm's centering his own line.
They got that Ryan kid who he is a sneaky, really good player.
Two-way, too.
Very good two-way player.
So all of a sudden, their offense is balanced out,
and they've been scoring some goals.
I think they got 24 in their last six games.
All of a sudden, the offense is there.
Another thing before this coaching change as well
that was factoring into the slide is they had Brody go down, man. That was a scary incident.
Things were kind of starting to get bad, and then they got even worse after that. He's a solid
defenseman who's eaten up a lot of clock. Well, great to see him back out there. He was fucking
playing pretty solid last night.
He's, you know, giving all those cross checks in front of the net.
Milan Lucic, he scored a goal.
Okay?
He's looking good.
I know that there's a lot of
He's already got three.
Hey, you want to tick off an Oilers fan?
Here, I'm going to give you something right here.
Milan Lucic was three goals in his last four games. James Neal with one in his past 10 two in his last 15 okay so i know off the hop
and it probably sucks for luch to hear about all this fucking bullshit because he lucic is bringing
right now exactly what he needs to bring in order for people to be like you know what i'm okay with
this guy being here well liked inliked in the locker room.
He's a fucking beauty.
And now he's starting to gain a little bit of his confidence.
The whole storyline has kind of washed away.
And I think he's got a little bit of his confidence back.
People hammered me on fucking line about me saying that, hey, if he ends up getting 15 to 20 goals,
I think that the other elements that he brings to the team,
all of a sudden that's not necessarily a terrible trade.
Even if Neil ends up with 40, you know,
people might say he wouldn't have had success in Calgary.
So, I mean, I would love for him to get 20,
just so I could go back and fucking tag old takes exposed.
Because, listen, I get that I'm a little more sympathetic to these guys and
and sometimes that you know i'm a bit of a softy and i want all these guys to do well but
he's he's starting to bring it another guy that people hate that's fucking looked really good
zach ronaldo just called up from the minors he has been laying some mean hits he had one in the
la game and that's why Cliffie fought him
when the girls were on the ice, when the ice girls.
He's got two goals and assists in five games.
He had one and one against the Coyotes last night.
He got them going with the turnover at the blue line to start things off.
Monaghan has actually been on fire.
Four goals in his last four games, and he had a snipe.
Yeah, this is  I mean, it's not that surprising.
I mean, going into the year, you talked about winning the West last year
or the regular season, right?
And then looking at, like, who was coming back.
I mean, this was  it kind of was a matter of time
until they figured it out.
Maybe they really didn't like playing for Peters,
and they're happy with Ward.
I think that's kind of what's going around a little bit.
And this is all with Goudreau really kind of having an off year.
Off year, by the way, he's 33 games and 24 points.
But for him, you know, you've become accustomed to him dominating
way more than he has.
But still, it's a team that has a ton of skill,
and I'm not surprised to see them pick it up and try to figure it out.
And you want to piss off Oilers fans
not just with that stat you read about
Lucic and Neal but as well Calgary
is two points behind them for the division
lead all of a sudden after what
Calgary was going through and what you were doing
that Pacific's wide open
no doubt and do Matty Kachuk
with that between the legs shot that's like becoming
his thing he got a couple of them off the other night
he didn't score but it's such an impressive move to make. He's like,
obviously been working on it a ton. Sunday night, Mike Hoffman had his first game against Eric
Carlson since the both of them were jettisoned from Ottawa last year. Carlson was injured last
year and he missed both games versus Florida. And of course, prior to their trade, there was
some very nasty allegations in court about online harassment and cyberbullying the case was ultimately dismissed but the bad blood wasn't uh Hoffman said before the game quote
I have been thinking about this game for a long time it is a part of hockey uh during the game
he grabbed them by the I'm sorry Hoffman did grab Collison by the scruff of the neck he kind of
yanked him around didn't look like Collison didn't wanted any piece of it and after the game Hoffman
said he actually played tonight.
And I asked if he wanted to go, and obviously he did not.
I chased him around for an entire shift, kept asking and asking.
He wouldn't.
He kept saying, I am not fighting you.
So I don't know if this is going to keep going forward.
Obviously, clearly, Collison's not a fighter.
I don't know if it's ever going to happen.
Did you happen to see that little clip of him?
He just kind of throttled him, shook him a bit.
But it's clear Collison doesn't want to fight.
Yeah, no, and as I said before,
I'm not going to talk about the off-ice situation.
I think it's honorable that if Carlson thought that he was slighted
and all that nasty stuff went on, that Hoffman was like,
all right, if you think all that happened, I'll answer the bell
if you want to try to fucking inflict pain on me
because of what I've done to you.
So it's over with.
Let's put it to rest, I guess, right?
Yeah.
It's two players calling each other out or one player calling like out
for something.
We don't know the true story.
Yeah.
Hey, and remember, Hoffman may have a different opinion
on everything that happens.
There was one side of the story that came out.
We don't, let's move on.
Yeah, like I said, the case was dismissed,
so obviously the court didn't feel the need to go on.
There was a big story here in the Boston area on Monday.
Pete Frady is the ALS patient who helped boost the Ice Bucket Challenge
to global prominence.
He died on Monday at 34.
We want to send condolences to his family and friends,
which are numerous here in the Boston area.
He was such a huge, beloved presence here and on Boston.
He helped raise over 200 million for ALS research.
I never met Pete personally, but we had a pretty fun Twitter relationship.
I talked about the Bruins and movies over the last few years,
so I'll miss having our little goofy little chats.
It's just funny because, you know, the guy, he couldn't talk in real life,
but on Twitter you can have conversations with him,
which was always pretty cool.
And I was pretty bummed out to see him go with, I'm not sure.
Did you ever get a chance to meet Pete?
I didn't, but I know a lot of people who know him.
And what an amazing legacy.
I mean, 200 million.
That's fucking nuts.
And you couldn't even ask for, there's no amount that adds up to what's needed because that's the most horrific disease.
Just the thought of your brain being fine and you being totally with it and your body just shutting down around you is so horrifying and the way that that kid fought it and his family. And I know that Barstool released an awesome video of what Dave Portnoy has done
with Pete Freitas and his family, and it's been a pretty great relationship.
So that is somebody I tweeted out.
Someday, let's hope and pray there is a cure to that horrific disease,
and his name will be mentioned within the first sentence of talking about it.
That's a fact because he did so much and God bless him.
And I also, he was an OG chicklets fan. I, when I was digging,
I know that old tweet I found. All right. Do you see that? Yeah, I did.
I did. It was, he was off with us from day one. Literally when we,
when you tweeted out, we're kicking off soon. He replied, can't wait.
And I remember I sent him a couple of links when we first started.
We were still like, I always say SoundCloud rappers, like Waynene and god style and he was with us from the get-go man
and uh you know like we'll we'll miss pete but his legacy is forever man what that guy did he's a
legend here so again our deepest condolences to his family his friends his brother andrew as well
so now we're going to shift gears over to the old gambling corner uh but first want to let you know
that the boys at spit and chicklets have a new home for sports betting this year.
And you need to check out BetMGM sports app in New Jersey.
The same guys that bring you the world's most spectacular casino resorts and top-notch entertainment have a new sports betting app in New Jersey.
You can download the app, deposit, and check out lines from anywhere in the world.
But again, you need to be in Tony Soprano land, New Jersey,
to place all of your bets.
This week, we've got another special new offer.
When you do use the bonus code CHICKLETS,
you place a 1 Moneyline wager on any game from Friday and Saturday.
And regardless of the outcome of the game you bet on,
you'll receive a dollar for every goal scored in every game on Friday and Saturday.
Let's hope we get a bunch of them.
We get 16 games, so you do the math. we get a bunch of them. We get 16 games.
You do the math.
It's a lot of goals.
Could be 80, could be 90, could be 70.
Who knows?
But one thing's guaranteed.
You're going to pocket some dough.
That's the good thing.
All right?
Just got to follow these very simple instructions.
Sign up for a new BetMGM account and use the bonus code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Make sure to place your first bet on any hockey game from Friday or Saturday this week.
And regardless of the outcome of your bet, you'll get a dollar for every goal scored on Friday and Saturday.
Pretty simple.
Get on it if you're in Jersey.
Now moving on to my picks.
Listen, I'm looking at Thursday night.
Edmonton is in middie.
They got dusted at home Tuesday.
The only thing is I'm leaning to Edmonton.
I really need to see the starting goalies for this one. don't know who minnesota is going to start i don't know
who edmonton is going to start i don't want to tell you people to bet something if i'm not fully
committed to it but i'm leaning edmonton i will blog my pick thursday i'll tweet it out so i i
can't give a real numerical value to my wager right now again i know a lot of people you folks
listen to me i don't want to give you shitty information.
Also Thursday, Toronto is in Calgary.
These are two very hot teams, like we just mentioned, Calgary,
going against each other.
Freddie was unbelievable for Toronto in Vancouver on Tuesday.
So if Freddie gets the start in Calgary, I'm jumping on Toronto.
They're kind of fucking firing on all cylinders right now.
If Freddie goes, we're going to be on Toronto for our money line wage,
if to say 500.
But again, I'm going to blog and post all my plays on Thursday so you can read them there.
We'll tweet them out from the account.
It's pretty simple to follow.
So again, Calgary.
Let's see.
I'm sorry.
Toronto in Calgary.
If Freddie's going, we're on Toronto.
In Minnesota, Edmonton, we're going to see what the goalie situation is there
because there's just too many balls up in the air.
And again, I don't want to stare people into losing bets.
My reputation's at stake here.
But remember, BetMGM is the home for chicklets all season long.
If you're a new customer, sign up with the bonus code CHICKLETS.
Place your first bet for a dollar or more on any hockey game from Friday
or Saturday, and you get a dollar for every goal scored by every team
either day.
Boom, add it up.
Winnings must be paid in free bets.
Must be 21 or older.
Must be in New Jersey to place bets.
Restrictions apply.
Visit betmgm.com for the full list of terms and conditions.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLE.
I got a recommendation.
I went to the Boston premiere of Uncut Gems the other night,
the new Adam Sandler movie.
I want to see that.
Oh, I thought it was a foreskin movie.
I was waiting for that.
Everybody in their system made the same joke on Twitter.
Oh, is that the best biography picture? Actually, it was a foreskin movie. I was waiting for that. Everybody in their system made the same joke on Twitter. Oh, is that the biography picture?
Actually, it was pretty cool.
It was one of my listeners who, for years,
actually we've been getting tickets for each other.
One of your listeners?
I'm sorry, one of my followers, I meant to say.
I think he actually, we've been going back and forth
before the podcast even started.
He hooked me up with a Pearl Jam ticket years ago.
I rebounded with something else for him. Well, he had a couple of tickets for the movie premiere
the other night and it was actually Adam Sandler and KG were in the house. They introduced
the movie beforehand. Uh, so when Sandler walked by, I reached out, I was like, Sandman
got a little fist bump from Adam Sandler. It was pretty nice. A little fucking, you
know, me, I'm always whoring with celebrities. So I got a little fist bump and I actually,
I really liked the movie. Uh, I think if you're a degenerate gamble like myself, you'll really appreciate the movie because it's very
centric. Uh, gambling is a very central, central part of the plot. Uh, Kevin Garnett's actually in
it quite a bit. He's not just doing some cameo here. I gave the movie an a minus. Uh, I don't
really want to get to the plot. I don't like to spoil much. I think people maybe don't gamble,
might have a lower grade for it. Uh, thought it was great. Sandler was incredible.
I've been saying for 20 years,
I don't know why he doesn't do more of these dramatic roles like he did with
Punch.
So rich.
So rich.
You know, but I think creatively you kind of want to scratch that itch.
So people aren't making fun of all your goofy movies,
but I thought he knocked it out of the park.
What do you got, G?
All right.
I had a question because I see people online freaking out that he didn't get
a nomination for the Golden Globes for this.
Is that like a big deal? Should he have gotten one?
No. First off, no one should ever freak out at ever when the Golden Globes do not nominate or nominate somebody.
They're the Hollywood Foreign Press. They're well known for being on the take.
If you can bribe them easily, they have kind of a ridiculous track record over the years.
They actually gave an award to an actress named Pia Zadora about 25 years ago.
Her husband produced the movie, and basically he bribed a bunch of people,
so they gave her an award.
They're fun to watch, and I don't know that they're a true barometer
of what's going to happen in the Oscars.
So, yeah, if you have a favorite actress or actor,
I know they made a big deal that there were no woman directors nominated,
but, again, I wouldn't put too much stock in it with the Golden Globes.
Golden Globes is a little less stuffy, though, though isn't it oh yeah it's much less stuffy they all get buckled out at the at the party so that's what's cool about it the fact that there's all that
bribing going on kind of sucks because then because then it would be if it wasn't bullshit
and it was that shit was real and then they had the fun aspect where everyone's getting juiced
that would be way better than the academy awards yeah academy awards are so fucking stuffy now it sucks yeah i think they
can be a little stuffy but and that's you know that's they're prone to partisan stuff as well
but not not bribery like like you know from what i've read again i i know put that caveat out there
there's been many allegations over the years so yeah if your actor or movie or show didn't get
nominated for the globes, I wouldn't really lose
any sleep over it. I got a question for you.
What'd you make of the Getzloff-Ealers
scrap?
Ooh.
Getzloff fed him, but you gotta credit
Ealers for sure. How about that left he threw?
Ealers. Yeah, he said
the whole team was going, no!
from the bench as he was staring
off at them. Good for him, man. You gotta credit, yeah, no, from the bench.
Good for him, man.
You got to credit.
Yeah, he's a little guy.
I mean, gets, he's a tough bastard.
He showed up, man.
Like I said, he got his lunch fed to him, but you can only,
you can credit a guy for showing up.
A lot of guys don't.
And he did.
I love gets you, but I fucking love that move by either.
Yeah.
Good stuff.
I'm glad nobody got hurt.
Yeah, that's all.
Everybody had fun.
Can move along. And speaking of moving along, any final notes here notes here boys i think we can just about wrap up here we've been
going a while um i gotta ask you guys um what's going on with the new england patriots are they
cheating again boys i don't know i don't know enough about this story i don't even read into
it i i think i know a little bit.
Basically, it was a documentary crew that had nothing to do with the scouting team.
They did have a camera set up on the sidelines for eight minutes,
but they had nothing to do with football operations.
Now, if you're the Patriots, should you maybe be careful
if you have a documentary crew going to another stadium about recording
that maybe people are going to be looking?
Yeah, but at the same time, this guy,
they set up in front of the media with the fucking guy had a Bruins hat on
and then NFL come out and said there was nothing in there that could
actually be used for anything.
Belichick knew nothing about it, but yeah,
they probably should be a little bit more aware that people are going to be
fucking out for the, for them on this type.
I'll say this.
I'm going to, I'm I'll give them benefit down on this one,
but I also wouldn't put it past them, and I'm going to plot it. If, in fact, they knew that would have been a loophole and something they could have got out of because they could say, well, yeah, we're not even associated, but, in fact, may have seen the tape or a copy of it at that.
I just like Bill Belichick's evil genius
is too good to not consider that
an option is that a fair assessment
thank you
I knew right when this happened I knew that
Biz was going to bring it up with the exact
shit eating grin that he just had on his face
I'm not mad at it I don't give enough
shits about football to care
I would hope that it would be
true because it's laughable
it's like fuck it's so silly man
it's silly it's just sports
it's like an investigation
it's the bangles dude
yeah that's a bad luck
anyway I think we can wrap this up boys
I love you that was a fun episode for me
I hope you guys enjoyed listening
same here we were buzzing along good stuff boys
and everybody have a great weekend
any final notes?
No.
I appreciate everyone listening, as always.
Have a great one.
Take care, everybody.
Team USA in the President's Cup.
As always, we'd like to say thanks to our wonderful sponsors,
and hopefully our awesome listeners are taking full advantage.
If you want to check out Roman and get the first month for just 5,
go to GetRoman.com slash Chicklets.
Also, NHTSA reminds everybody this holiday season to drive sober
or you'll get pulled over.
Should be not drinking and driving anyways.
That's common sense.
If you're looking for love like our boy Rudy, you want to check out Hinge.
And BetMGM, you want to check that out.
If you're in New Jersey, you want to download the app.
Use the code Chicklets for your first wager, and you're good to go there.
So thanks again to our sponsors and everybody who's partaking in them.
Have a great weekend, everybody. Thank you.
