Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by DollarShaveClub.com.
There's no reason to use cheap disposable razors or pay a ridiculously high price for some gimmicky thing that's got a laser pointer with 17 blades.
Make the smart choice and join Dollar Shave Club like I did.
17 blades. Make the smart choice and join Dollar Shave Club like I did. Before Dollar Shave Club,
it was either save money and get a painful shave from a disposable one, like the ones they give away for free at the gym, which felt like shaving with a piece of glass, or pay a fortune for the
latest gimmicky shave breakthrough that I don't need, like a laser chin detector or 17 more blades.
Dollar Shave Club is the best of both worlds. A premium shave at a disposable price.
For those out there that know me, they know I like to keep it clean shaven all day, every day.
And Dollar Shave Club helps me do just that because you get a clean, close, smooth shave
every time and you can't beat the convenience or the price of the club. If you haven't tried
Dollar Shave Club yet, you're missing out. It's an amazing shave at an affordable price.
There's no smarter choice on the market,
and right now they're giving away a one-month trial of their razors
for just 1 with free shipping.
And after that, it's just a few bucks a month.
There's no long-term commitments, no hidden fees,
and you can cancel whenever you want.
Get your 1 trial at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets. That's dollarshaveclub.com
slash chicklets.
Bruins have played
four games.
Are you getting picked up
at home?
Is that Kelly Leak? Are you getting picked up at Home Depot?
Right there?
Can you not do that for like 10 minutes?
Is that all right?
Be careful.
That's Sons of Antigua territory.
Hello, everybody.
Oh, there it is.
Welcome to episode 23 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
I'm here with the usual suspects, Mikey Grinelli.
How are you, boys?
Ryan Whitney.
What up, what up?
And we're joined once again by the beautiful.
For our first to steal another podcast bit, our first recurring guest, the one and nasty paul bisonette how we doing paulie hey guys you guys guys missed me dude we really needed you back i actually i i meant to tell these two i i last night i was like
biz come back on he's like yeah great he's like but i don't know i don't think people like people
get sick of me i'm like no dude people don't get sick of his next I'm like, no, dude. People don't get sick of his nasty. It's our most listened to episode. Oh, is it?
My girlfriend's sick of hearing kill stories on fucking podcasts.
See, this is like, yeah, you'll be like, honey, this isn't one you want to listen to.
We're just talking hockey the whole time.
You don't want to turn into this.
I thought we did a pretty good job of putting a lid on that until I hit you with the panty soup at the end.
I thought we kind of shied off.
Once you know a guy's both settled up, you kind of try to avoid that stuff.
Well, I don't know if you guys know, but Biz has tattoos all over him, so that's quite
popular with him.
She's like, what's a rusty trombone?
You're like, oh, it's this four check you do.
It started back in the 50s.
It's unreal.
Let me show you.
It's like the flying V of sex position.
It just smells a little worse.
We want to get an update, though, dude.
Defending AHL champs, how are the Ontario Reign doing?
What's going on with your squad?
Boys are doing okay.
We're kind of putting around in the playoffs now.
It's that time of year where it's going to be tough for us to move up from third
spot in our division. So you know how
guys are like, there's not a ton of
motivation.
It's trying to get everyone
fired up and geared up to go.
Probably looking like we're going to play
San Diego, our division rival,
first round playoffs. So it should be
interesting.
It's funny that you said that because we
were just chatting last week about when you're what do you have to play for right now like you
and your certain teams nhl ahl and at the end of the year like when you can't really move up or
down you're in the playoffs they're like tough games to play so i can imagine in the in the in
the always hungry league they're even a little tougher yeah i mean you never want like we have a pretty intense coach
you know i love him and uh you'd never want to say that to him but i'm not in the lineup right
now because i've been injured but but i i understand that the motivation is there but
um you know as far as like you know you had a three and three or something and it's like the
sunday afternoon game and you're like get me out of here yeah actually yeah but but what's that no i was gonna say i the year i was
in the ahl in wilkes-barre we had we ended the season with a four and five four and five four
and five three and three so you play wednesday friday saturday sunday it was just an absolute
grind so the last game the very last game of the last three and three, we're
sitting there. This kid, Ross Lupischuck.
He was a pretty high pick from Pittsburgh.
Loopy, we called him. I think he played in
Red Deer. And he,
I look over after warm-ups, no word
of a lie, he was dead asleep in all his gear
right before the game.
We had nothing left, dude. Snoozing.
We were taking pictures of him. It was right when
cell phones were picked, cameras were coming out. It was unbelievable. The dude. Snoozing. We were taking pictures of them. It was right when cell phones were picked. Your cameras were coming out.
It was unbelievable.
The grind.
That's unbelievable.
You mean the flip phones.
Yeah.
That travel must be a bitch, though, huh?
Going from San Diego back and forth to Canada for like the best of seven.
Yeah.
R.A. didn't know that you  he didn't know there was an Ontario, California.
He's like, dude, what are you talking about three hours behind?
He's up in Canada.
He's up in Toronto.
I'm like, no, dude.
Yeah, neither does my family every time they text me for tickets.
And I'm like, you guys, I'm in California.
Yeah, hashtag Bastille confessions.
I was like, and I should have known Ontario was obviously a province.
And I was like, damn, I know they got AHL all over, and some teams have to fly.
But Jesus Christ.
It's like an AHL team being called Massachusetts.
Yeah, yeah.
And then I Googled, and I was like, oh, there's an Ontario in California.
I'm just going to walk away now. They should have called it Rancho Cucamonga.
That's the next city over, and it's kind of got a good ring to it.
No, it's called Rancho Cucamonga.
Is it?
Yeah, it's the name of the city.
I thought it would have been a cool...
You could have thought of a cool name for a team with the Rancho Cucamonga something.
The Rancho Cucamonga...
Kangaroos.
Yeah.
Sounds cool, right?
I'll take that, actually.
I was going to say the Rancho Cucamonga Rust rusty trombones, but I like kangaroos, too.
I can't wait to see those third jerseys.
The kangaroo has a good ring to it.
Oh, my God.
Jumping back into the current situation in the league.
Well, first off, thanks to Randy Scott on SportsCenter.
We got a shout-out.
Spittin' Chicklets got a little shout-out love from SportsCenter.
Yeah, I woke up to a lot of tweets telling us that uh randy scott gave us a shout out and just like one of my favorite
podcasts crosby was spitting chiclet hello brag a humble little humble brag yeah that is i love it
and it was actually just brag it was actually the play where crosby got his chiclets knocked out
and uh which which i thought was thought was an interesting night for Sid.
I was just saying to Wits before the show, we got the yin and the yang of Crosby last night.
The yin being that unbelievable goal he scored and the yang being him hitting the guy in the nuts with his hockey stick.
Did you happen to see the goal last night, Biz?
Yeah, it was pretty special.
I was fortunate enough where I played some games with him.
You can ask Witt.
He pretty much, Sid pretty much put 25 million in his bank account.
No, not pretty much, dude.
Like, directly.
It wasn't pretty much.
It was like pretty much directly.
I mean, the guy's amazing.
I mean, you could ask Witt.
He would probably know more.
But, you know, just even like on like power play situations
when he would like tell Witt, like, hey, like why don't you try to do this this and then you could
find me in that scene there and then you're like what the fuck are you talking about dude and it
was crazy how he he sees the game and how he slows it down and it's like he it's he's a genius in his
own right he just sees the game way more advanced than than your your average player but how does he get so much mustard on a backhand a one a one-handed backhand uh top shelf shot like is
is that like a a strength thing just a skill thing how i mean how the hell does he pull that off
they're cranking it a lot if that was the case i'd be fucking an 80 goal scorer his wrists are just
monster wrists like uh no dude i mean i don't i can't even i, I mean, I can't lift it.
I can't lift it on my backhand with one hand.
Biz, you might be able to.
You're pretty jacked.
You ever see the video of Kovalev doing it like 50 times in a row?
Yeah, I was going to say, Kovalev used to just sit.
No joke.
He would sit at the blue line and be one-hand backhanding shots off the crossbar.
He's crazy.
Yeah.
I heard stories of Kovalev in Pittsburgh where he would show up
and he hadn't even trained all summer, hadn't even stepped on the ice,
and he would be far and above the best player on the ice in training camp,
just like dancing guys and stuff.
And just the hands on him just naturally.
Apparently he had Popeye forearms too, which helped him elevate the puck.
For Sid, I just see it as a foundation guy.
He's always got his legs in the right place where he can do anything he wants with his upper body.
He's just legs feed the wolf with that guy.
Dude, so I was thinking, we actually, someone I think wrote a question on Twitter.
He's got 10 games, He needs nine goals for 50.
I would almost guarantee he gets it.
He gets this savage look in his eye.
I swear to God.
He's an animal.
I remember he would, just like you said, Biz,
on big power plays or moments,
he would tell you exactly where to go.
He'd be like, you're going to be wide open.
In your head, you're like,
how the fuck am I going to be wide open. In your head, you're like, how the fuck am I going to be wide open?
Sure as shit, you do what he says, and you're wide open, and it hits your stick,
and you're just like, holy shit.
He is a genius.
I mean, the spear is just  he doesn't give a fuck.
I mean, people  you could say that he sits dirty.
You could say that he whines, but he doesn't care.
Like, if you do something to him, he's nasty right back.
And that creates more people.
You know what I'm saying, Biz?
Yeah, no, he's extremely competitive.
And I know, like, he's got to be concerned about being the face of the league
and, like, you know, the good boy and stuff like that.
But, oh, no, deep down, man, he's the winner yeah he'll do whatever it takes and i almost i almost think the start to last year
like where everyone was like oh my god is sid done like you know he's got like 10 points in
the first 20 games like this guy's brutal like like it's it's i feel like it's almost calculated
when he when he didn't i mean even the year you uh they won it in, I think it was, what was it, 2009?
Yeah, they won it in 2009.
That was the year that I got traded.
He didn't have necessarily the greatest start to the year that year either.
And last year, everybody was panicking.
He was just kind of like, you know what, I'm just going to keep playing.
And, you know, if they fall my way, they fall my way.
And it's almost like he saved his energy for the playoff push where he was just like, man, I'm not going to exert myself.
Where now he's like, now he's got something to play for.
He's full of fucking piss and vinegar.
And to me, it seems as though he wants to win some of the hardware this year.
Where other years he's kind of got other goals in mind.
Not to say he doesn't want to win every time.
But I feel like he's got a way more methodical approach and more people get him credit for it.
Do you think he'll have to call it early because of concussions?
No, I think concussions to me, like if you get one and it's well known,
you get another one and you can get them easier after you get one, right?
He's got like 10, though.
No, no, I don't think he has 10.
He's not that high up there.
But Bergeron's the same way where maybe those guys knock on wood
or one away from having to retire.
But until you can't ever call it early while you're healthy because of concussions.
You know what I mean?
But I was going to say, with him, dude, he was close to me.
That was a scary time.
Same with Bergeron.
Missed the whole season.
I mean, that's at a point where
Here's a crazy story.
I went to see a guy because i was having some like neck issues
and like i i feel like i just like wasn't all there up top and i actually went inside a guy
sigillette in vancouver and he's a guy who ended up figuring out sid's issue where it was it was
more derived from his neck that he wasn't getting like the proper like oxygen or whatever brain
and and that's when it didn't know what was going on and why he was in effects he was
getting finally he went to that sigillac guy and that sigillac guy was the guy who kind of figured
out his problem and then and then so maybe now that you know you guys everyone's so worried oh
you know his next concussion well maybe it's maybe he's kind of found the reason why he was like that
for so long after that one that if he were to have another one it would it wouldn't be as long and and drawn out yeah that's true and i also i that that feeling though is so like help
us because i remember with my foot i kept i saw like 25 doctors and every time you're like yeah
hopefully this guy has the answer hopefully this guy has the answer and sid was doing that
you know at a time where he's like maybe i'm never gonna be playing hockey again like it was just
it's just you so you see so you see, to see an athlete like Crosby,
and, I mean, Ovechkin, you've got to respect him as well.
Like, these guys are, like, they have all the money in the world.
Ovechkin doesn't have a cup.
Sid's got two.
They have everything.
But they're such savages, these guys, because it's mental.
Like, they're so driven that you just don't see every player in the NHL like that,
and you see why they're superstars.
Like, it's not just, like, luck,
like, that they were born with some of it,
but it's also the drive they have.
Oh.
Well, I mean,
I don't think Ovechkin's really suffered
any long-term time or injury
where he's missed significant time,
where, I mean...
Yeah, no, I know.
I just mean, like, in terms of, like, not... But I'm saying Yeah, no, I know. I just mean in terms of not...
What I'm saying is you talked about the frustration.
It was with his head,
and he went and saw a bunch of different specialists
where you can't express to them what you're feeling.
It would definitely be a frustrating situation.
But to piggyback on Grinnelly's question,
yeah, I don't think anyone thinks that,
oh, his career is going to get cut short from concussions.
I think he's more than come back 110.
Same for Bergeron and a handful of other guys.
But if he gets another one, yes, those questions are certainly going to be rekindled
and come to the surface.
And I was just watching something on TV.
I forget what it was.
And basically, he came back way too early after that first one on the Winter Classic.
Like, you know, I think he overruled the darkness.
Like you said, he's a savage.
He's a competitor.
99 of the guys in the league, 99.9, where you want to get back out there, you don't want to rest.
And it seemed like he kind of almost overruled those guys and was only able to come back early.
Kind of like how Tyler Sagan overruled the general managers and his parents and lived by himself.
And then whacked everything.
Yeah, playoffs
are coming up. It's crunch time
here in the NHL, jumping
up to the other league. We were just
taking a look at the standings of last year's
playoff teams versus this year's playoff
teams. And there's
five teams, well, as of today, obviously
things can change, but five teams in the
East that were in the playoffs last year
aren't going to be in the playoffs this year.
There's only two out West.
But taking a look at the Atlantic, last year in the Atlantic,
Florida, Tampa Bay, and Detroit were the top three teams in the Atlantic.
None of those teams are going to be in the playoffs this year,
and you're going to have three new teams.
Dude, it's actually crazy to see Detroit.
Man, they've got a new rink coming next year.
We talked about it on our last podcast
did we right how i yeah i just said i i think that they're gonna fall off for a few years but
they're gonna have a tough time i think rebuilding that i know and it's it's it's weird to see now
like detroit like for all of us it's been 20 25 years of just like excellence so now they got this
new rink coming but i've i've actually seen some of their games at NHL Network.
I wouldn't really choose to watch them right now.
But Zetterberg, he's got like 25 more points than anyone else on the team.
That guy, what a career that he's had.
And now it's just tough seeing his career.
I'm sure he's in the last two to three years when he has to be. I don't think he would ever want to be traded.
But you're going to tell that the next few years are gonna they're gonna be tough
in hockey town it's you know i i think that they could reload quick with who they who they have
like scouting and things like that but it's going to be tough and it's just weird to see detroit
like that yeah no i agree i think well that's the thing too i was we're gonna maybe go team by team
here and say you know not spend 10 minutes on them but say what's the thing, too. We're going to maybe go team by team here and say, you know, not spend 10 minutes on them,
but say, oh, what's the biggest reason this team dropped off?
Now, Detroit, I think they had 93 points last year.
They have 68 right now.
Quickly, what's the main reason?
I mean, they lost Pavel Datsyuk, but was he the reason they dropped 24 points in the standings?
He was huge.
He was a huge loss. Well, just their core got so much older.
Yeah.
And they didn't have really guys filling in.
I mean, it should be interesting to see how San Jose handles it,
especially with Marleau, Thornton.
I mean, Vlasic's still got some time left, but he's got a lot of miles on him.
And you always got to factor in playoff games.
Like, you look at certain guys who, I mean, look at a guy like Bergeron.
I bet you he's played, what, close to 100 playoff games?
And that's got to be, like, actually, you got to think at least 150, 200 games
added on as a regular season game to their body.
Yeah.
Yeah, like Cronwall got old, like Nick Cronwall.
And then losing Datsouk.
Datsouk was older and not the same Datsouk that everyone knows and thinks of
just, you know, in the last few years.
But he was still fucking awesome.
You know what I mean?
So, like, you still lose him.
And Dylan Larkin, he's had a real kind of sophomore slumpish type of year.
I think he's really legit.
I think the kid Mantha is really, really good.
Hey, Mo.
And then what's his  oh, they got a guy, Riley Sheen.
He doesn't have a goal.
Yeah, yeah.
Dude, he doesn't have a goal this year.
Yeah, he's crazy.
I actually feel horrible, but that's actually crazy to not have a goal.
So it kind of sounds like myriad reasons.
I think if I played in his role, I'd probably have five to ten.
You, yeah, right now.
By accident.
And he's missed like two, three games.
At some point, you've got to be like,
all right, bud, kind of healthy, scratch it.
It's not your year.
Get him next year, you know?
Fuck, man.
At least one would go off my skate and go in.
Fuck.
Trust me, it happened a few times.
Yeah, so the wings basically.
That's how I scored my first one.
Carey Price, not a big deal.
He went off your face and in?
No.
No, I hit my skate.
Oh.
I was playing against Montreal.
Not a big deal.
With my head down, just work, work, work, work.
And then this Heska kid shot it, hit my skate, went in, Carey Price, he keeps a chain.
I played with Heska in Sweden for like a minute. I played two games and then shut the mill. I played with Heska, kid, shot it, hit my skate, went in, carried a prize, he keeps a chain. I played with Heska in Sweden for like a minute.
I played two games and then shot the mill.
I played with Heska.
Big righty.
Yeah, and then he went over to Russia,
and he was like leading the D in scoring.
Yeah, and he signed a huge ticket.
He signed a huge ticket in Russia,
and then this team just completely hosed him.
He was with like Ackbars, I think, one of those teams,
and if you play bad for like four games on a big deal,
they just completely ship you out of town.
So he ended up in like Sweden.
I remember I forget the story you told me about Russia.
Which one?
You said you played like the four best games of your career.
You were like setting guys up back door.
And like you guys won and you were like plus six in the four-game span.
And then like the coach hauled you aside and he was like hey with me you need to play better no points and you're like man like what were you watching these games we have like we just went
on a four game heater and like i was fucking plus six and setting guys up and then the next game you
like you said you threw like six pizzas you were fucking awful like minus two and then you had an assist because you like dumped it in it hit one of the moorings and
like popped out front the guy buried and then you had another shit assist and after the game and
he came up to you he's like whitney to assist good game and you're like what the fuck is going on
but yeah but then right when i realized that i I'm like, oh, okay, this is what it's like.
This is amazing.
I'm playing zero defense.
Yeah, that was actually
Just asking, begging the ref to throw you on the second assist.
The worst thing that happened to me in Russia was I scored a goal and an assist in my first game in Russia.
So they were like, holy shit.
I'm like, oh, no.
It's like doing really good on testing your first year of training camp,
and then you only can get worse.
You set the bar too high.
Exactly.
That's why you got to fight in front of a new girlfriend
within the first three dates.
There's fucking hookers waiting.
Fights and hookers.
We just amped it up here.
All right.
Now, other teams, going back on the playoff chat,
other teams, it's obvious why they didn't make it.
You know, Tampa Bay, they lose Stephen Stamkos.
They got subpar goal time, and it's pretty explanatory.
But, like, you know, what happened to the Florida Panthers?
Last year, 103 points, you know, they kind of jumped,
I'd say come out of nowhere to some degree.
And this year, they got 73 points.
Highly unlikely they're going to get to the playoffs,
even if they win out.
Man, injuries.
There would be 93.
I mean, they basically lost a ton of points.
What's the main reason?
Injuries?
Is it that?
I mean, goaltender was average.
Riley Smith's not putting up 30 again either.
Exactly.
They got guys who have just not,
either they had career years and they're not matching it
or they're just not playing as well as they could have.
But they've had tons of injuries, man.
If you have your best players hurt in the NHL, you're done.
You cannot compete because your best players are how you score goals.
It's hard enough to score with your fucking best players in the league nowadays.
So you don't have Barkov and Huberto.
And then Ekblad's missed games,
and it's just...
I don't know if they came back to where they kind of are as a team
or this year's a one-off with the injuries,
but it's not surprising to see where they are.
I just wonder who is actually going to be the last team into the East.
I really could not guess right now.
I've been kind of saying Toronto all along.
I'm still going to stick with them,
but it's basically Toronto,
the Islanders, Tampa Bay is still alive,
and the Bruins, even though they're third in the Atlantic,
they could very easily drop to
that last spot in the eighth. I would not
want to play Washington. No.
No way. But, you know
who else I wouldn't want to play is Ottawa.
Yeah. Do you ever watch them, Biz?
Really?
I haven't watched them at all.
They're very skilled.
They play like Washington kind of, don't they?
They play boring as shit, dude.
They play like 1-3-1.
Oh, they Jersey Devils.
They clog it up.
But, man, they have some guys that are so good.
That Carlson, Eric Carlson, I know I always, dude, that guy is so fun to watch play.
His numbers are, I looked at his numbers on Hockey TV the other day.
He's insane.
He doesn't get any, what do you think of him?
What are their goals per game?
I thought Ottawa was like up there.
Like I thought they were actually like old. I'm checking. I thought Ottawa was up there. I thought they were actually...
I'm checking.
I'm checking right now. Honestly, Biz,
I don't know what their goals per game are because
right now the internet's fucked up, but
I do know that they play boring. They could have a lot
of goals, but they play boring.
But they're good. I wouldn't want to play them.
They had a lot of goals.
Once they got that lead in the Bruins the other night,
it's just like I just said, it's like mid-90s devils. I mean, it's ugly to watch,. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, and once they got that lead in the Bruins the other night, it's just, like I just said, it's like
mid-90s devils. I mean, it's ugly to watch,
but it's effective, and it wins, and
it can certainly win in the playoffs. But in the
four games they played against Boston this year,
Boston didn't have a lead for one
second, and they got swept.
Yeah, that's ugly, but
well, I know we don't want to get hung up on
Boston, because it went to hate as well. If Boston ever plays them, though,
that could be ugly, I'm telling you. Yeah, it could be, but the other thing people keep talking about is, I know we don't want to get hung up on Boston. If Boston ever plays them, though, that could be ugly.
I'm telling you.
Yeah, it could be.
But the other thing people keep talking about is, you know,
the Bruins end up playing the Capitals if they were to get the 8th seed.
But the Capitals, they're no guarantee to get the East, I shouldn't say President's Trophy,
the top seed in the East.
And honestly, if the Bruins did drop to the 8th seed in Drew Pittsburgh,
I wouldn't be
Yeah, you like them against Pitt.
They've always played Pittsburgh.
They do, man.
I wouldn't say they have their number,
but they certainly play them at a pretty goddamn good level
where if they drew them in the playoffs, I wouldn't mind seeing it.
As far as the Boston thing is concerned,
I just feel like they rely so heavily on Marshawn and Bergeron.
They've had a pretty good push this last half a season here
in order to put themselves in playoff position.
It's just like, how much gas do those guys have left?
Yeah, no, I wouldn't necessarily want to play Boston, but you're right.
It's kind of like after their top line,
there's a little bit of a drop-off in terms of who's going to score in the playoffs.
They've got guys that just like to put the match up against those those other teams like i don't know yeah
did you know did you know how good marshawn was did you know he was this good yeah he's man he's
well he's a honey badger man he works his he works his bag off and you know i mean uh he he got a bit
of confidence especially playing with crosby early on there on there in the World Cup of Hockey.
And he just kind of ran with it.
He's a special player, man.
Yeah, I know.
I didn't even know it was this good until I skated with him in the lockout year.
And I was like, holy shit.
He was so good skating with 12 other NHL guys that I didn't even know about it.
Dude, he used to not even get ice time at the beginning.
When he originally came up and he came up as this dirty little fuck that you didn't know he was this skilled.
He told Chiarelli, after that season that you're talking about, he went in there and he goes,
I'm going to come back.
I'm going to score 20 next year.
And he said that in his exit meeting, apparently.
I didn't know that.
And sure enough, he came back.
I think he got 30, and that was the year they ended up winning the cup, wasn't it?
20, yeah, 28 that year he put in.
Yeah, because he started on the floor.
28.
Hey, if you score 28 in the show in the future, you're like, yeah, I got 30 that year.
It's so close to 30.
You just say that 100.
Yeah, you just take the 30.
You're like, if he hockey DBs me, whatever, It's so close to 30. You just say that. Yeah. A hundred percent. You just take the 30.
If he hockey DBs me, like whatever, it's still close enough.
I had two my last year.
I just round up to 10.
There you go.
I had a double digit year.
Taking it back out west, I know we get one of the criticisms of us of all the many.
We don't show enough love to the Western Conference. So we have Biz on.
He plays for the Ontario Reign, who are the Kings minor league affiliate.
Just outside of Toronto.
Just outside of Toronto.
Just shy of London.
Sorry, I got the geography wrong.
Sorry.
The Kings, it's going to be a real struggle for them to get to the playoffs this year.
Probably not going to happen.
I know I'm not asking you to criticize the organization you play for,
but is it as simple as the fact that John Quick was hurt?
I mean, I know it seems to these eyes that basically if they had Quick all year,
they probably would have been in a better position.
And that's not to shit on Peter Boudai because he was great this year.
Yeah, he did a good job.
He probably earned himself certainly another contract in the league.
But, I mean, did the Kings basically come up short again because of Quick
or were there any other underlying factors?
I just, yeah, I don't know.
Quick was definitely part of the reason, but they just,
they play such a hard system, and they suffocate teams,
and they always end up on, like, you know,
they always end up out-shooting teams, out-puck-possessing teams,
and it's just kind of one of those mysteries this year where you're like,
man, how do these guys not have more wins?
But, you know, they just, I think because they play so structured, so structured that it might limit their quality opportunities offensively, which, you know, I mean, I think they're the lowest scoring team in the league.
And, you know, it just it was just one of those years.
But but I tell you, man, it was I was telling guys, I'm like, yeah, if they sneak in,
it's going to be exactly like they did the time when they got the eighth seed
and they ended up running the table and won the cup.
That's just the type of system.
They play a very good structural system.
I feel like it's playoff proof, but it's really tough to win in the regular season like that.
Right, yeah.
It's a great system, but you've just got to get to the playoffs to fully utilize it.
I was going to ask about that hit that Matt Kachuk threw the other night.
I don't want to say your teammate, but basically your teammate, Drew Doudia.
What did you think of that hit, and what are people saying about that around the league?
I don't know like i i i'm not there anymore but you know apparently that kachuk plays on the edge
but you know he's a young guy he's trying to make a name for himself and and i mean he you know he's
got to pay for the two games he got um yeah he kind of kind of got him pretty good with the elbow
there to the jaw and you know i think i think the league's kind of getting a lot of heat from the media
as far as protecting its stars, and Dowdy's certainly one of them.
Keeping on with the, again, playoff teams who were in it last year
and aren't in it this year, nobody had a bigger drop-off than the Dallas Stars,
and ironically, they did have their two starting goalies.
Personally, I wasn't surprised.
I didn't expect Niemi and Letton to really have good years,
but they did have their goalies, and they had what's looking to be
about almost a 25-30 point drop-off, which is pretty huge in the NHL.
What the hell happened at Dallas this year?
They just, I feel like to have that much money wrapped up in goalies
when you're playing a system like that might seem a bit odd,
where it's just like, hey, if we're going to be run and gun
and, you know, take risks offensively,
you might as well spend that money either on more offense
or, you know, get a couple D-men.
I mean, obviously getting a couple D-men isn't necessarily that easy these days,
you know, because of the demand for them.
But, yeah, I would say as a goalie, though, it would be tough to play in that system
because a lot of the time you're dealing with odd man rush and a lot of run and gun play
where, you know, it's tough.
But if you're going to have 10 million wrapped up in two guys.
That's a lot of money.
Two guys who neither one of them are number one.
Yeah.
Although Nemi won a cup, so what the fuck am I saying?
I mean, he's good.
He's just not what he was or that team.
So does that tell you maybe that maybe
I'm not saying it's not the goaltending because obviously they haven't produced,
but maybe you have to look deeper than that.
Maybe it's structurally, the system-wise.
Obviously, it's a new NHL where it's more puck possession and offense
that seems to be leading the way.
But when you're also giving a lot of that up, it's got to bend or break somewhere.
And it's funny because you look at you look at, like, their roster
and, like, Spezza this year, he has 42 points in 59 games.
So for someone who I don't think most people realize how amazing he is
and how good his career has been, he's had an off year.
Hemsky missed the whole year.
And I think they scored so much last year that it just was bound to not,
like, happen again.
Like, you've seen that D-man, Klingberg, who came onto the scene
like he was just a stud from the get-go.
And same with Gossespierre.
Dude, the league, you get figured out, man.
It sounds so cliche,
but you watch an offensive defenseman
come into the league,
quick enough,
they're looking at power play film of him,
they're watching what he's doing, they're taking away what he's good at, and that's just growing in the league, quick enough, they're looking at power play film of him. They're watching what he's doing.
They're taking away what he's good at.
And that's just growing in the league.
So I think a defenseman like those two guys on two different teams,
obviously, that's just kind of been what the year's been like for Dallas.
Yeah, and I know people say they're going to fire the coach or the GM.
I mean, Jim Nill made a great trade getting Sagan,
but then he kind of offsets it when you spend 10 million on two guys
who need a number one.
I don't think you can really blame Lindy Ruff.
Sagan still had a sick year, though.
He doubled down on the goaltending and lost,
and that's probably going to end up getting him a win.
It's like every time I double in Vegas, never win.
All right, time for a favorite fan segment.
And you would know it.
Spit it out.
Today, Junior.
You can't do that, Matt Mack.
Biz, I'm going to Vegas with Merle's May 19th, 20th.
You should meet us out there.
Yeah, sure.
I'll just hold your chips, man.
I can't roll with you big boys.
I'll be at the penny slots.
So this week on
All Right Hamilton, our weekly segment where we
take a listen to questions that are going to be
specifically geared to you, Biz. So
we're going to fire away. What is this All Right Hamilton? I keep
seeing the hashtag. I'm interested. Yeah, it's
our weekly... I thought you were our weekly
listener. It's our weekly... We take
questions from our fans, our listeners
and it's basically based
off the Fast Times at Ridgemont High scene with Spicoli.
R.A. only watches movies from the 80s, so it all stems back to that.
That's fake news.
That's fake news.
Sad.
I watched, what the hell did I watch?
I watched Moonlight.
I watched Manchester by the Sea.
I'm a big movie guy.
All right.
Fair enough.
Enough of that.
First question for you, Biz.
Fire away, Grinnells.
We got some really good ones this week.
So, Rude Boy asks, what's your best rookie initiation story that you guys can tell?
Hazing's gone down drastically since I kind of came in.
And I'm not a big guy.
I don't make the rookies do anything they don't want to do.
You got to be careful nowadays, especially with social media and what goes on.
But some ones that I'd heard about back in the day were like,
you know, like they would tie a string to your dick and balls
and they'd put the pail over like a pipe in the dressing room
and then they would make guys answer questions.
And obviously they were fucking tough questions. Nobody would get them.
And every time you answer one wrong, they would
throw a puck in the bucket
until you finally ended up
getting three right or whatever the number
was.
Did you lose your dick and balls if you didn't get any right?
You would
be black and blue, yeah.
Pretty swollen.
This is like 20, 25 years ago.
This is like old school shit.
Yeah, that is old school.
That is old school.
Yeah, but I mean, do kids and juniors still...
I know it's not NHL initiation, but junior kids used to tell me
they would be butt naked like six rookies in the bus bathroom.
Yeah, in the bus bathroom, yeah.
For like four hours, dude.
That seems like hell on earth.
They used to put them in there naked,
and they used to throw a bunch of change on the ground.
And we're talking like a tiny thing,
smaller than a porter potty, right?
So there'd be like six rookies in there, right?
And they'd be like, all right, Bissonette,
come out with 1.42 in change. You'd be bending
over your dicks and
fucking assholes in the face.
You're all sweaty because it's so sweaty in there
with six guys.
Obviously, you can barely... You've got to ask
the guy to help you out to collect change.
You can't see it because
it's so dark in there. You've got to
feel if it's a quarter or a penny
or smell it.
You want to go play junior? Yeah. It's so dark in there, so you've got to feel if it's a quarter or a penny or smell it. Does it smell like copper?
Do you want to go play junior?
Yeah.
That's so crazy.
I didn't play at a big school.
I played fucking Columbus, tiny school.
I didn't go to college for fraternities or any of that shit.
I never got hazed in my life except my older brother pounding the shit out of me every day for 20 years.
But I don't get it.
And so much of it, honestly, and it's 2017 and we're going to do what we want,
but so much of it, there seems to be a level of homoeroticism to it.
It's always, like you said, naked.
There's nakedness.
There's a huge insecurity.
Oh, so much dick involved.
Yeah, it's like entitlement and control and power.
I find it super weird.
I go to a rookie party.
If one of the rookies doesn't want a drink, I don't care.
I'm going to have a good time.
Give me his portion of the booze.
I'll drink it.
Hey, you know what?
I'm not going to name the college.
I'm not going to name the college.
But one of my friends that played college hockey, they were told, as all the freshmen,
this is a Big Ten school, they were told, all the freshmen,
yeah, listen, you guys got to all fuck a goat.
And they're like, yeah, right.
Like, yeah, all right.
And they just kept saying it and kept saying it.
And as they had other stuff and it was going on,
and finally the night they all had to go pound the goat,
they're like, whatever.
So they blindfold them.
They put them in the back of a truck.
The kids are like, what the fuck?
They bring them out.
They drive them out to like a farm
in ann arbor they get around the they get they get out into the farm the kids are like dude they're
still blindfolded they're like they bring out they bring out the goats they bring out the goat and
you hear all these goats they're making them pet the goats they're like handing them all condoms
they're like all right who's doing it and then everyone starts panicking and until one person's like all right i'll do it they sit they stay there it's like revenge of the nerds
but that one kid who says they'll do it you know like all right this is our fucking man in the
first yeah that's our soup that's our rookie captain right rubbers what do we need rubbers
for talking about university of michigan apparently their whole uh their whole rookie
initiation lasts like about a week or two,
and it's pretty  it's been passed down, and it's not that bad.
Actually, TJ Henzik gave me the rundown of it.
It's changed now, I'm assuming.
I don't know, but it's fairly harmless,
but it's really cool how they do the whole thing.
Yeah, play it all up.
I love it.
It's like a week process.
It's not that bad. do the whole thing. Yeah, play it all up. I love it. It's like a weak process. It's not that bad.
What's another one I heard?
Oh, one recently.
I think a guy made a kid allergic to peanut butter eat a peanut butter sandwich, and he almost died.
Yeah, that's fucked.
It's all part of the game, so someone gets murdered.
All right.
That's more of like, hey, man, did you just not like the guy?
You trying to kill this guy? Yeah. Hey, man, why, did you just not like the guy? Trying to kill this guy?
Hey, man, why don't you eat up and I'll tell you.
We have a bubble boy on our team who he can't eat the same food that's cooked with our food.
Oh, those people?
I feel bad for him, but if you go to a restaurant with those people, it's like, dude, I'm sitting at another table.
Keep me away from him, man.
He's flipping the whole meal, checking the plate.
Yeah, I just...
It's just like, holy fuck, dude.
Like, you can't do anything.
You can't even breathe around him.
It's like, fuck.
All right, Grinnell, you got question number two here.
Yeah, that was a long question.
This might be our...
That's what they like.
This might be our best one.
DM the details asks...
Oh!
DM the details asks, DM the details ask,
Hey Biz, Dirty Dave here.
What's a good summer cocktail you recommend
that will loosen me up slash turn me into a wild flamingo?
Oh, summer cocktail?
Is that hashtag stool president thing?
I'm a big cocktail guy.
Yeah, Biz is...
I get a...
I like a beer.
But we have this thing called boys being boys uh in uh in um in victoria
that one of my buddies created and it just it's uh orange juice uh what's the other thing um
ginger ale but the canadian one oh yeah yeah the canadian one's way better the ginger ale settles
your stuff it's more for like a hangover cure if you're going to get back on the booze
after like a rough night out.
And it's orange juice.
You get the vitamin C and the sugar and the club or the  what do you call it?
The ginger ale, it settles down your stomach a little bit,
and then obviously the vodka kind of gets you back into the mode.
I actually recently was up in Toronto, went to Earl's.
Love that place, Biz.
Yeah, Earl's is the best.
There's one in Boston or two places.
Great.
So you know when I started gassing, though, that come up quick on you are Moscow mules.
Love them.
Oh, yeah.
Those are fucking hot, man.
And they taste so good, and the cup's so great, and then all of a sudden you're just waffled.
Do you even call that a cocktail, though?
Or is that just like you call it a mule?
Yeah, that's a mule, I guess. But whatever.
Johan Fransen.
Yeah, you got the fucking copper mug.
You can't do one without a copper mug or you're a fucking asshole.
You're a pigeon.
White trash, actually.
I've never been a big cocktail guy.
Beer and wine.
Me and alcohol.
Me and liquor don't have the best relationship.
I'm shocked to hear that.
Huge liquor guy.
Huge. What else we got? Liquor. I'm shocked to hear that. Huge liquor guy. Huge.
What else we got?
Liquor, I just met a hoe.
So Slapshot1425 asks,
what was the most memorable time you've been chirped,
and who was it by?
Good one.
Oh, God, I always get asked about the chirps,
but it's all the same shit.
Like, you suck.
Like, fuck you.
Like, I don't know, go tweet it or something i don't know you got fucked in the ass to make the little show if you get if you
get a legit like chirp it's actually like hilarious like mosh and had a good one the other day where
he was like yeah i'll sign a stick for you yeah that was good that was good sure yeah i like that
stuff like uh i i i've heard i heard the rice bucket one recently to
like one of our guys on our team said it to someone else they talked about on the dot d podcast
like just some guy like threw a muffin on the on net and then one guy's like hey dude hit the rice
bucket like you know i just thought it was like casual and funny quick one-liner hey you know
what i don't biz have i ever told you the story of Mark Bergevin yelling to Sebastian Caron?
No.
But Mark Bergevin is  I don't even know how that guy
This story
That guy is hilarious.
I was  I mean when I first heard this story from Orpik, I was crying laughing.
So to set it up, Mark Bergevin, current general manager of the Montreal Canadiens, is like known as the funniest man in the NHL.
He was on the cover of the hockey news in a jester's outfit,
the funniest man in hockey.
He's just known as being the best teammate, great guy.
So he's at the end of his career.
He's playing in Pittsburgh solely because he's such a great guy,
and this was old school before young guys.
And Terian was a coach, wasn't he?
No, no, no, it wasn't Terian.
And it was Mario Lemieux.
They're really good friends.
He brought him in.
Whatever.
Nice guy, tries hard, loves the game.
Nice guy, tries hard, loves the game.
So he's...
So Pittsburgh's horrendous.
This is the year...
This is the year before the lockout
when they were like horrible.
Yeah, I know.
I was at training camp with them.
I was there.
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
So...
Yeah.
Middle of that season, dude,
or to the end of the season, there's a
goalie that was played for the Penguins for
quite a while.
He was in the organization, Sebastian Caron.
This kid was called Salmon.
He's from Salmon Arm, Quebec,
or something like that. Either way, his nickname
coming into the NHL was Salmon.
And he was, I mean,
he was horrendous.
I mean, he had moments where he was, I mean, he was horrendous. I mean, he actually, he had moments, he had moments where he was like unbelievable.
He would have, if you Google his saves, he has some of the best saves I've ever seen,
but he would just let in, he actually let in a goal from the red line, the entire length
of the ice that flipped up in the air in Washington.
And we were all watching it in the locker room on the next day's not top 10.
And everyone was just going.
I play with karan too uh i've never seen a guy complain more about everything in my entire life so yeah so like to set it up i didn't finish i kind of gave it away but he was always called
salmon so the guys started calling him trout so so so fast forward near the end of the year, Scuderi and Orpik are playing
on Pittsburgh. That's who they told me the story. They're killing a five on three. I don't know
who's on the ice for Pittsburgh, but whoever they're playing against is snapping the puck
around, dude. They got a one-timer that went off the bar, one-touch pass. Trout had fallen down
off the original one timer
While the puck's being snapped around
He is literally rolling around
On the ice flopping up and down
Did not even remotely get close to
On his knees or his feet
He was like a complete noodle
And Mark Bershman's on the bench
And screams out as the whistle blows
He goes
Holy fuck Trout Scuderi said that both teams could hear. He goes, holy fuck, Trout.
Scuderi said that both teams could hear it.
He goes, holy fuck, Trout.
It's frozen water, Jesus Christ.
And I guess the coaches were laughing out loud when this was said.
And that was probably one of the funniest on-ice chirps to his own teammate.
Oh, God. That's fucking good. I'm going to piggyback. That's was probably one of the funniest on ice chirps. To his own teammate. Oh God.
That's fucking good.
I'm going to piggyback.
That's off the top of your head shit.
I'm going to piggyback on our listener question.
Is there anything off limits when you're chirping a guy in the ice or face to face?
I mean.
Not if you're asking Sean Avery.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
He had some bad ones.
I mean.
Like jaw droppers
Like oh my god
Like if somebody had like a dead kid
Would he say something about like someone's dead kid
Honestly I'm not
Maybe not
I heard a rumor
Honestly though the fact that I
The fact
Peanut butter on a stick
And here comes the peanut butter again
I heard he was gonna put peanut butter on a stick
Cause Tom Potey had a serious peanut butter allergy
And he was gonna fucking like
Put it in his face
and shit like off a draw or something.
That's fucking almost homicidal.
Like, you know, people are legit fucking
psychopaths. This might not be true. That's what I heard.
I've met
Avery a few times. He's, you know,
I like him. He's a good guy. But yeah,
he would say some stuff
on the ice apparently that was
like, holy shit, dude.
Like, what?
He was just in a recent movie I saw.
It's just going to drive me nuts.
He's like a model actor now.
He's big into the fashion industry.
He's an artistic guy, and he's into that kind of stuff.
He's himself.
He likes that shit.
He's an asshole.
All right. Or that. All right, Grinnelli, what do we got for the next one? kind of stuff. He's himself. He likes that shit. He's an asshole. I respect it.
Or that.
What do we got for the next one?
Brandon Rosima asks,
Stool Chicklets, what was the worst bag skate you've ever been a part of?
Are we talking about actual bags?
Are we talking about ball bags on this episode?
This might have been the worst one of all time.
Anyone I've ever even heard.
So we lost
7-0 to open our season against
the Barry Colts, my very first
year of junior in the OHL.
And Mike
Kelly, I think he might have even been in
Florida when you were there, wasn't he, Whit?
Yes, he was. Yeah, he might have
been the D coach there, but
we got back on the bus from Barrie.
Our fucking gear was basically still frozen.
He goes, go home.
He goes, be here ready to go at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Be ready to go on the ice.
What time was it?
We got back at like 1.30.
Dude, that's hell.
Man, that's when we went quick.
We went on the ice for an hour, bag skated.
Got off, had an off-ice workout. Went back on the ice for an hour, got off, had another off-ice workout.
We ended up going on the ice four times.
We were at the rink for 12 hours.
Guys were calling their agents.
Shut the fuck up, dude.
Man, we went on the ice four fucking times.
All we had to eat was a Quiznos fucking sub in between all of it.
Like if you did that nowadays you'd 100
get fired and there would be lawsuits happening with the team it was it was an a oh and the best
part i didn't even play in the game i was a healthy scratch if you get if you're if you're
scratched if you're scratched and then you do that you got to be like coach dude after one skate like
bro i didn't even do one thing wrong tonight my I had my guy, man. I had my nachos in the fucking crowd.
All right?
Fucking going through this shit.
Jeff Platt was the first rounder my year.
I was the second rounder.
And he, like, called his agent.
And, like, he was  that kind of set him off on the wrong foot with the coach all year.
But, like, fuck, man.
Like, that was
I don't blame him.
And then we had another one that year with him.
It was, we lost in Toronto.
That was a four-hour bus ride home in Jan.
I think it was end of January because it was a Super Bowl night.
It was on a Sunday.
We played in St. Mike's.
We lost like 5-0.
We bust back.
We had to put our frozen gitch on and our frozen gear back on,
and we bag skated for an hour.
And we didn't get to watch the second half of the Super Bowl.
It was a fucking shitty
year. I had one at Boston University
that I
we did no pucks. It was like
an hour and 45 minutes. Not one
puck hit the ice. You know you're skating
around before waiting for the coach to bring out pucks.
You're like please please bring the puck bucket
please and then it never came. I'm like
oh my god. So we're skating around, skating around.
I was a freshman.
Parker was Jack Parker, legendary coach at BU,
was so mad at me.
I'd played so bad the night before.
Finally, dude, there's a water.
I skated by, and as I continued to move,
I, like, grabbed the water and started drinking it.
He was like a magician, dude.
He was in my face for three seconds.
What the fuck?
Who told you to drink water?
You think you're a fucking superstar, you fucking idiot?
I was like, holy shit.
I spit the water up.
That was my worst.
Woods isn't going to tell us what school it was.
Just that it's a university in Boston.
Did I say it?
I said BU, didn't I?
He busted you, Charles.
Is that the same school that Ned Haverin went to?
No, dude.
He went to Boston College, man.
That's a big time difference, dude.
The one kid had like a jammer on his team and he was like, Christ, Neddy.
How does he talk?
Jerry York.
He doesn't swear.
Christ, Neddy.
He wears glasses now on the bench.
We almost lost an eagle last night!
How do you not fucking swear in hockey coaching?
I have no idea.
Cripes!
Chris Thorburn never swore when I played with him.
Shane Doan says frig.
Yeah, there's a couple guys.
Yeah, I respect it.
We got one more.
I don't know how you do it.
One more all-right Hamilton left here for us.
Fire away, Grin for us. All right.
Fire away, Grinnells. All right.
Steve Crouch asks, what advice would you give your 18-year-old self about hockey?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, I like that.
Oh, man.
I would be  my diet, I wouldn't consume as much alcohol.
Like I had a good time and I had a good run there, but like I wish
you know, the old saying saying I wish I knew what I
did then what I know now but
just my professional approach
to it you get away with it a bit back then
but just because there's so much
money to be made and you're just kind of like
ah fuck it I'm going to go out and booze
and party and like
you don't even know how to eat
properly at that age. I would have roided up
I would have roided up in a second.
Oh, I thought you were on him now, dude. You're ripped up.
Yeah, I mean,
the little HGH. I have a buddy
who took, well... I would have done a lot of HGH.
Who's taken that HGH
and he said it's unbelievable. He goes,
you can go and booze all night. You wake up,
you're not hungover. He says your skin's
always clear. He said you can
lift your max weight twice a day and uh and and like you're never sore i want to get hgh now i want
hgh i don't know how you i don't know how you get it i know i've heard it's expensive but like i
really want it i want to feel good my body hurts all the fucking time just go down eden street park
and roll up with it tell the kids yo man i, man, I need that. Yo, I got the red tops.
Can you imagine me pulling up?
Hey, guys.
Listen, guys, I'm not great.
Excuse me, Holmes.
I'm not great with the wording, brother.
Why don't you start with some sunlight and then come back to us?
You'd be like, holy fuck, Casper.
I'm not great with the wording, but do you know how I could get some human growth hormone?
Yeah, hold on one second.
Yeah.
Fed, fed, fed.
I think the good stuff, I think it's about 1,000 a month, which is not like if you're a fucking professional athlete.
Let's ask Peyton Manning's wife.
Hold on.
Just made it back, this.
Yeah.
No, but see, I think the HGH can help you, but the steroids, man, that don't, I mean, that's not going to help you hockey game, I don't think.
I mean, you'll be a bigger meathead off the ice and have bigger muscles.
But, I mean, as far as helping your hockey skills, nah, I don't see it.
Hey, so you guys will like this, that we sometimes forget to do things that we do some episodes.
So I started a This Day in Hockey History.
So This Day in Hockey History, March 22, 1996.
This is a pretty decent one.
Sharks rookie, Jan Kaluun, I've never heard of him,
scored a goal on his fourth career shot in a 3-2 win
at Calgary. He also scored on his
first, second, and third career shots.
He was 4-4 with 100
shooting percentage, still an NHL record
through four shots in a league.
That Christian Fisher who plays
for Coyotes scored
his third goal last night on his third shot.
I don't know if he ended up having another shot after that, though.
Oh, dude, imagine if that randomly just happened while we're bringing this up.
That's fucking weird.
Yeah, that's why I thought you were bringing it up for a second there.
He might have had another shot after that, but if he hasn't, he still has the chance to beat it.
Man, that's actually crazy universe stuff right there, Biz.
That really is. Yeah, yeah, maybe that's actually crazy universe stuff right there, Biz. That really is.
Maybe that's all come from the tuition, baby.
So, yeah.
Another good, alright, Hamilton.
I think it was the last one.
With a Biz-specific one, some real good
questions. Considering we got the bat
signal out pretty late.
I know, obviously, this is something we really
can't get too much input from Biz on, but
it's more like a warning to people out there who bet on hockey this time of year,
me and Wits were talking about it early.
It's tread lightly, man.
This time of year, it's so dangerous because you think teams that are supposed to win,
they're playing for something.
Oh, yeah, no, yeah.
But like last night, it was a perfect example.
Arizona's in Florida.
Florida needs the game basically to stay alive.
Any hope of the playoffs? It was a Tampa? Okay, I know it was one of the Florida teams. Carolina's in Florida. Florida needs the game basically to stay alive. Any hope of the playoffs.
It was a Tampa.
Okay.
I know it was one of the Florida teams.
Carolina's in Florida.
Arizona ostensibly has nothing to play for other than, you know,
personal pride incentives, getting next year, that type of shit.
Coyote's been playing good hockey lately.
But last night, I mean, 5-3 they win.
Playing loose.
So if you are betting hockey this time, man, like, honestly, this time, yeah,
I usually kind of close up shop.
I wouldn't say close up shop completely.
Just kind of button it up a little, and then I wait for the players
because it's just so goddamn unpredictable because, you know, like, again,
Arizona team last night, oh, what do they have to play for?
It's like, well, okay, young guys are playing for jobs next year.
Guys have contract incentives.
Guys have personal pride.
It's, you know, they want to go out there and play,
unlike some other leagues we won't mention where guys have to wrestle the playoffs a month ahead of time.
Dude, yeah, I mean.
Hockey people love shitting on basketball.
I just do it for the.
The NBA is a fucking joke.
Man, it's so.
There's seven good teams.
It's so easy.
It's so easy.
But, like, dude, they have way more fans than fucking NHL does.
Like, I don't know how, but obviously the global market.
Yeah, well, it's more of a worldwide sport.
They have Asia on board, which, I mean, their let alone is going to help you.
Yeah, they don't have as many players, too.
Their cost is a lot lower, I think, to just run the whole ship.
Yeah, David Stern, he was a genius to market.
What they did is they marketed their superstars individually,
which I don't think the NHL does enough.
I mean, we know the guys because we're obviously big fans.
But, you know, I mean, Michael Jordan, man, he's a global brand,
and the NBA did that good promoting.
And I think a lot of that, too, is the team aspect.
You know, guys in the NHL, they don't really like to make it about themselves,
I don't think.
Some guys obviously do.
Yeah, no, you just nailed it.
It's that.
Guys aren't as
open to do that stuff. They will,
but I don't think it comes as genuine
in some other sports.
Even soccer. Ronaldo
had his brother or brother-in-law
open up a museum of
himself. You're not seeing that in hockey.
Imagine girls just going to that thing.
When certain guys, it does come genuine and they do like doing it.
Look at PK.
I mean, he likes doing that and he doesn't mind doing that kind of stuff.
And look how much he's grown his brand.
I would say he's the most recognizable hockey player as far as a North American standpoint.
Yeah, we'd like to get him on here, but he's
on doing fucking Simmons' podcast
instead because Simmons knows hockey.
Who's Simmons?
Bill Simmons, the
sports guy.
Why'd you say Wayne, Biz?
I don't know.
Fuck off.
Listen, dude, thank you so
much for having me on. We could do this for hours, but we got to get going.
But before we let you go, I do want to ask, who's your pick to win the cup?
We need it.
Cool.
That's this year?
Yep.
I picked Washington at the beginning of the year, so I was panicking for a little bit.
You picked who?
I picked Washington before the season.
Oh, Washington.
I really went out on a limb.
I'm going to...
God, fuck.
West.
Usually West here.
Who's in...
The NHL?
You got...
No, who's in the top seeds in the West right now?
So you got like San Jose, Chicago.
Mini.
Mini's right there.
They're Anaheim slowly actually winning games and nobody's talking about them.
But I know it's wide open.
Washington's too easy.
I'm going to have to go with a crazy pick, Minnesota.
Holy shit, that's a bad pick.
Because they pay my bills.
All right.
Well, dude, thank you so much.
Obviously, again, we're going to try to have you on if you'd like to in the future.
But thank you so much.
And also, I don't know if everyone knows that Biz is actually, after practice, he goes to
Home Depot and gets hired for odd jobs.
That's where he's been doing this interview with the wind and fucking the guy cutting
the grass.
I've been weed whacking.
Thanks, buddy.
It's great to talk to you again.
And we'll do it again soon.
OK.
Thanks once again to Paul Bisseneff for coming on.
Always a very popular guest, great guy, very entertaining,
and we'll definitely be having him back again.
He's just fun to talk to.
Awesome, awesome.
He doesn't hold back much.
I love to drink beers with him.
Yeah, we got to get him in town one of these.
Or Moscow Mules.
Moscow Mules.
All right, so one aspect of the show, we have it in a description we don't always get to,
especially when the season warms up.
But the pop culture aspect of things, we like to give movie and film and TV recommendations.
Dave Chappelle, two new comedy specials just dropped at 3 o'clock in the morning,
well, 12 Pacific time a couple nights ago.
I don't know if you had an opportunity to check them out.
I haven't.
My brother texted me last night the same question. He goes,
Ryan, it's honestly the funniest stand-up
I've ever seen. It's fucking hilarious. And what's
great, there's two of them on there.
Like an hour long. That's fucking insane
to drop two of them like that.
I really hope that if people are
listening and they have good sense of humors,
if they have never watched his
shows, dude. I'm not even talking his stand-ups.
His stand-ups are wonderful, but I really got to know him,
and maybe that's like the poser way through that show.
A lot of people did.
Dude, Clayton Bigsby, the black, white supremacist,
the racial draft, it was the funniest show.
I love Curb Your Enthusiasm, but Chappelle's show for me.
So to know that he's back, it's just great to see because he's probably my favorite comedian ever.
He's certainly one of the greats of the last 25 years.
Historically, he's certainly high on many people's lists.
What I like about him is that he just doesn't give a fuck, especially in this day and age.
All you hear about is these pussy college kids.
Guys don't even want to play college campuses anymore
because they're getting heckled from fucking
idiots.
The rule is, when you go to a comedy
club, is that you're going to get
fucking offended somehow, some way.
Or if you're going in, you should go in knowing
that there's a possibility and
a likelihood you're probably going to get
pissed off. Not pissed off. Something is potentially
going to be said that will offend you.
But it's a fucking comedy club.
Do people get that offended at comedy shows now?
I haven't been to one lately, but yes, I read about it
all the time. People speaking back.
It's like, listen, check your fucking sensibilities
at the door.
If you're going to be offended, don't listen.
I got ripped apart at the last comedy show.
I was the guy that got picked out.
Oh, good. I love that.
That's like a comedic device. Never go to. I was the guy that got picked out. Oh, good. I love that. Yeah, well, that's fun.
That's like a comedic device.
Never go to the bathroom in the middle of a comedian set.
No.
Oh, I did it, and they were pissed.
And then I got wings after, so I'm eating wings.
And he's like, look at this asshole in the back eating wings.
People probably thought you were upset for him.
What do you call it?
They put someone in the audience.
So the same thing.
If you're going to listen in your own home, and it's a comedy show from Chappelle,
so there are going to be things that...
But you're saying he gets into shit that...
He says things that a lot of comedians don't have,
wouldn't even have the balls to go near.
And again, I'm sure he's going to piss some people off
and maybe, you know, whatever,
they may have a gripe or not.
But again, it's comedy.
If you're too sensitive
or your sensibilities might get offended,
don't listen.
But if you do, go hang out with Lee Chin.
Seriously, go hang out with Lee Chin.
Don't fucking complain.
You know what, though?
We should mention for podcast listeners, all you guys, that KFC from Barstool did a great storyboard about Chappelle. It was pretty good, like 30 minutes about kind of his career and where he was from.
I found it really interesting.
I didn't know a couple of stuff, so check that out.
Yeah, Kevin did a great job with that.
But, yeah, I mean, this is a great time at the NHL,
and we get a lot of good stuff coming up.
I'm actually out of town on next week and the week after,
so we might have to do some remote, some of our Skyping,
or we get it done Tuesday.
Yeah, we might have some fucking CB.
We sound like CB truckers in the 70s sometimes,
but we do it all to bring the content to you.
Yeah, today's biz, that was unbelievable.
And we got some big guests to come, too.
Yeah, we don't like to drop names in case they fucking bail out on us,
but we definitely got a couple of big names in the chamber.
We're really hoping we can pull that together, obviously,
with our schedules, their schedules.
Yeah, it's like a truck.
I always wondered, do you ever watch Stranger Things, the Netflix show?
Dude, for four months I've been saying I've got to start that show.
Oh, it's great.
But the little kid's name is Dustin on it,
and I always wondered if the writers were LA Kings fans
because he talks just like Dustin Brown.
Or Penner.
Oh, Penner.
He's another piece of work.
We've got to get Penner on.
I'll talk to him.
All right.
Two more quick notes if you're looking for shit to watch.
Crashing on HBO.
It's Sunday nights at, I think, 10 o'clock about the comedian Pete Holmes,
who, to be honest with you, I'm not really a huge fan of his sets, but he's a great guy,
and the show, it's basically based on his life.
He wants to be a stand-up comedian.
He got married young to the first girl he slept with. Don't give it away.
No, no, this is all the first episode.
She ends up fucking dumping him, and he's kind of like hitting rock bottom in life,
and he starts out on his dream of becoming a stand-up, but it's hilarious.
There's tons of good cameos.
It's on HBO.
But you don't like his comedy?
I'm not.
No, I don't.
That's actually hilarious.
Yeah, I don't want to sound disrespectful.
I mean, any guy who gets up there and does that, I have tons of respect for.
His material just isn't really in my wheelhouse, I guess.
I got you.
I got you.
The show's great.
Can't recommend it enough.
And the other show, Love, also on Netflix.
Remember I Love You, Beth Cooper, that movie a few years ago?
The kid from that and the girl, Britta, from Community.
Don't know that either.
Okay.
Anyways, it's season two of Love just came out,
but season one already debuted.
Great binge show.
It's only a half hour long.
About two couple, a couple who neither one of them are particularly likable, and it's the a half hour long about a two couple a couple who
neither one of them are particularly likable and it's the process of them kind of falling for each
other hence the title love uh but it's fucking hilarious it's uh it's especially if you've ever
had some relationship ups and downs uh another one i recommend so chad crashing on hbo love
season two on netflix and of course the d Dave Chappelle special. You remind me of Kramer on Seinfeld when he pretended that he was the movie phone.
Movie phone.
And he just listed all the movies and described them.
That was kind of you right there.
Yeah, I definitely got some Rayman tendencies with that.
But I was psyched, actually, when Liam McHugh told us in his interview that he gets some late night recommendations from my Twitter feed.
There you go.
It's a cumption clutch.
You don't sleep.
All right.
Well, you guys, everyone, thank you very much for listening as always.
Follow on Twitter, Instagram.
Do we have Facebook?
I don't have Facebook.
Yeah, we have a very popular Facebook page.
You're fucking right.
We got Facebook.
I forgot about that.
We did the Facebook Live with Halsey.
Holy wakey wakey.
All right.
Well, thank you very much.
And peace out.
Take care, folks.
I'm Rob Cicernino, the aptly named Rob Has a Podcast, where we're creating fun, smart conversation around reality TV games like Survivor.
And this March, Survivor Game Changers is finally here.
Join me weekdays for episode recaps, player interviews, and of course, your feedback.
So if you're ready for a game change in your own Survivor experience, download Rob Has
a Podcast at podcastone.com on the Podcast One app or subscribe on iTunes.
