Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 230 of Spit and Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
Oh, Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah and whatever else you may celebrate out there.
To all our listeners, this isn't the usual episode.
This is a holiday episode, which is a best of from the last year.
So we're going to jump right into it and kick it off with our pal Sidney Crosby.
And now, holy shit, folks, we are now joined by a special, maybe the most special guest.
I got carpal tunnel syndrome flicking through this kid's Wikipedia.
This intro is going to be long.
It's going to be good.
I'll start the 2005 first overall pick.
He won one World Junior Gold. The 2005 first overall pick.
He won one World Junior Gold.
He won one World Cup.
He was leading scorer in MVP.
Thanks for coming.
He won two Art Ross trophies.
He's won two Hart trophies.
Two Maurice Richard trophies as leading goal scorer in the National Hockey League.
Two-time Olympic gold medalist.
One of them caused me to get silver.
Suck on that wit.
Two-time Conn Smythe winner as playoff MVP.
Three-time MVP voted on by his peers.
Ted Lindsay Award and the Lester B. Pearson Award.
And most important, three-time
Stanley Cup champion. He's
watched the Replacements movie 5,000
times in his life. He afforded
me the chance to sit on my couch
and just touch myself to watching Fred
Couples golf swings on YouTube
because he gave me so much money, our white whale, Sidney Crosby.
Hey!
Hey!
How are you?
What a treat, Sid.
My first question after that intro and wit.
Oh, my God.
Did that go well?
All the same intro.
Wow.
What finally made you come on?
This has been years in the making.
Well, I'm a little disappointed.
I thought I was getting 187.
I thought I was getting number 187.
This is on Biz.
Biz said that originally.
He was on that.
But here I am.
Well, that'll go into superstition.
Oh, God.
We have about 30 minutes of superstition talk coming up.
But no, seriously, thank you so much for coming on.
We're up in Coal Harbor.
This is the...
I mean, no, I'm sorry. We're in coming on. We're up in Coal Harbor. This is the, I mean, no, I'm sorry.
We're in Halifax.
Sid's from Coal Harbor.
How special is it as living here in the summer?
I mean, it's a beautiful town.
It's like you'll never leave here, huh?
I don't think.
No, I mean, I've been coming back here since, you know, since I can remember.
So, yeah, it's just the people, the place.
I have a lot of family here.
It just feels right coming back here.
So it's been a lot of fun. We got to plug where we're at, too, because your buddy the people, the place. I have a lot of family here. It just feels right coming back here, so it's been a lot of fun.
We've got to plug where we're at, too, because your buddy set this up for us.
The stubborn goat.
What a spot.
Hey, leave me out of this.
No, but the bar itself, I know you guys have the Women's World Championship coming here.
When's that coming?
Next year, 2020.
So your buddy's like, hey, I might need a little extra business.
Sid, help me out. So this is why the setup's here we come here a lot we frequent here so we thought it'd be a
good setup for you guys and they put on a good show here and we found out that you kind of when
you're in town here have to travel around a bit of a security i wondered if you'd even ever go out
i can't even imagine it just so no pictures are being taken with alcohol in front of you. Just not
like a full-on SWAT
team, which I would have expected.
Yeah, but if that was the case,
we wouldn't get near them, so you should be thankful.
A few guys looking out for you non-stop
here. Yeah, I mean, I go to the
same places, so you see the same guys, and they
get used to the routine, but
I usually hide out in the back here
in most of the places.
Should we hop right into the superstition talk?
No, no.
Actually, I want to start first off just our year playing together.
We were rookies together.
So that year was wild.
I didn't make the team out of camp.
Sid was the first overall pick coming in.
Actually, before the season, I wanted to get your thoughts and your memories on finding out that Pittsburgh got the first pick.
Where were you then?
You know what?
I don't remember where I was.
I remember where I was.
Oh, you know what?
I was watching the lottery in my basement, actually.
Yeah, I was at home.
Where the dryer was that you shot into?
Same room?
I was hanging out there.
So here's my memory of it.
I'm down in the Cape Cod.
I'm with my family. And all of a sudden, my brother comes bombing out of the house.
Pittsburgh got Crosby.
Holy shit, you're going to play with Crosby.
And I was like, oh, my God, I could get so many points.
Snapping breakout passes.
You automatically think of yourself.
Yeah, I immediately thought of myself, but it was the best moment of all time.
What did you know about Pittsburgh and the Penguins?
Well, I had an agent who was living there, D. Rizzo,
so that was kind of random that he was in Pittsburgh
and the rest of the agency was in California.
But then I had met Dan Potash on a flight who covers our team.
Randomly you met him?
Like two years prior to that, and E.J., Eddie Johnson,
who coached the team a year before that at a golf tournament.
So it was just random how it kind of worked out that I knew a few people in Pittsburgh prior to that.
But we thought we were going to be unreal.
We thought we were going to win the cup that year.
Ziggy Paulson came in.
Gaunch was the big signing.
And all of a sudden, I remember I was at training camp.
Oh, yeah, you were there too.
I was fighting Dan Carcillo at 8 a.m.
Oh, my God.
That was so crazy.
I still can't believe that camp.
They said no fighting.
And I think probably in the first period of the first inter-squad game,
me and Kyrstie were throwing bombs at each other.
There was Vandenbosch.
Oh, Vandenbosch.
Bonvey.
Bonvey.
Did they go?
Was Andre Waugh there that year or no?
Andre Waugh was there that year.
He was.
There was some serious tilts.
And then we'd all go to lunch together and hang out.
Yeah, that was pretty much it.
Odie lunch.
Oh, yeah.
Was Lyle Odlein your first roommate?
But he used to call me after the Odie lunches at like 4 and ask me to go to dinner, but you hadn't left the spot that you were at.
So we're talking about Lyle Odlein, who by the end of it, nobody would want to go to lunch with him after practice.
No, because it would turn into dinner and then post-dinner bar,
and you're like, what just happened?
It's 1 in the morning.
I went to lunch at 1 p.m.
Yeah, I used to stay away from him.
Dude, where's my car?
We mentioned the fact that you randomly bumped into all these Pittsburgh people.
We were talking about it last night.
It's kind of like how the stars align with you.
You end up meeting Andy O'Brien randomly at some summer camp.
And, I mean, I'm sure at the time you probably didn't know this guy was going to be one of the innovators as far as
hockey trainers or really even trainers in general yeah and he becomes your guy yeah it just worked
out that way i was at a at a camp and he was from prince over allen we were at alan andrews hockey
school and um yeah i just liked the way he did stuff I didn't really want to lift
weights I was pretty young he was you know pretty pretty good explaining things and how he moved and
stuff like that so was able to connect with him and he spent time going back and forth and spent
a lot of time together in those early years he was just getting out of school I think he was at
Western just just leaving there so yeah it worked out good for me. Yeah, it worked out good for me, yeah.
What gave you that work ethic, though? Just something instilled in you from a young age,
or was it like maybe your first season after doing summer training being like, wow, I feel
much more physically superior than everyone around me based on the training? Yeah, I don't know what
it was. I think that I just like being athletic. I played a bunch of sports growing up, and I think when I grew up,
I was always the youngest kid, so I was a lot smaller than guys.
I was playing with guys two, three years older,
so I thought that's my competitive edge if I can start maybe doing stuff
a little bit earlier.
Weren't you a soccer goalie?
I don't know.
I played everything.
Well, yeah, and then all of a sudden in his warm-ups,
he couldn't touch the soccer ball.
Early in his career,
he has this very regimented pre-game
warm-up. He's doing all his Andy O'Brien
active warm-up drills. And the
guys would be playing soccer and the ball would come over
and he'd be doing flips to get out of the way.
The ball couldn't touch him. But now you
play, right? I always played.
I just didn't touch it before I played.
Make sure you get that right. I played. But the ball couldn't touch it before i played make sure you get that
right okay i played always played i played but the ball couldn't touch him until he was ready to play
i didn't touch it before i entered the game that was that was the deal you said a word i wanted to
get into work ethic because it is crazy like i've told so many people they ask about you like you do
work harder than anyone i ever met and and i'm it's always been that way you told me
that even in your teens or early 20s weren't you getting up at like six in the morning in your room
throwing half your gear on and going to skate alone yeah that was before there was a lot of
hockey camps here and i used to we like may june there wasn't a ton of ice and that was the only
time available before hockey camps and that was a grind. But you'd throw half your gear on in the bedroom?
It was so early.
I was just like, I'm not, like, I'm throwing my gear on here.
Nobody's going to see me.
I'm jumping in my car.
I'm the only one on the ice.
Unbelievable.
Yeah, so things have changed.
What's up, R?
No, I just was going to mention his rookie year.
You obviously led the team in scoring, but I looked.
He was also third in penalty minutes on the team, 110.
He used to be screaming at refs.
You were hard on refs earlier.
There was a lot of pressure that first year, guys.
I thought we were going to win.
And all of a sudden, 102 points I think he finished with and didn't get the call there.
That sucks.
The only thing I couldn't list off there is the call there.
It's like the commercial.
Oh, Vetchkin.
Were you gooning it up early?
No, that was probably a lot of tens. A couple tens. A lot of tens then. Avechkin. Were you gooner it up early? No, that was probably a lot of tens.
A couple tens.
A lot of tens then.
A lot of tens, I remember.
I mean, a lot meaning what?
Like probably two or three?
Probably four.
I remember Bugsy telling me with, I think, five games left.
He said something like, you're at 98.
He's like, you think you're going to get it?
I was like, I'm not getting 100.
There's no way I'm getting 100.
I can fight it off.
Sure enough, I got 100 that night right away.
Didn't even like, and I got an extra two.
I was so pissed that I got 100.
I just got teed up for an extra two.
That's kind of nice to have around your belt, though.
Kind of gives you a little bit of toughness.
I love that, I think.
I think you were the first rookie to ever have 100 points and 100 penalty minutes.
So that'll never happen again.
Thanks for coming.
We briefly mentioned Zygmunt Palfrey.
Was that the season that he just kind of disappeared?
In Nashville.
Yeah.
Do you remember that?
Yeah, he took a bad hit.
I remember that.
Remember how good Ziggy was?
He was scary, too.
Yeah, he was scary.
But yeah, Ziggy was unbelievable.
He just toyed with goalies, could just knock any puck down.
You give him any pass anywhere.
He was incredible.
I know.
Like, so, like, underrated for how good he was, you know?
Well, you saw him.
Yeah, I was there.
You saw him in camp.
I was there in camp.
You just mentioned Ovechkin.
Now, you guys, his career has basically been intertwined since he's both
entered the league.
Do you have any relationship with him at all, or is it just all on the ice?
Yeah, pretty much all on the ice.
I mean, we see each other at different events and stuff, awards and things like that.
But, yeah, it's pretty much on the ice, and it's had its moments over the years.
Yeah, he might say.
I think that's to be expected.
We've been kind of built up against each other from day one,
but we've had some good moments and bad ones,
but that just comes with playing against them so much.
Do you think that was created by the media very early on?
But then it happened.
It didn't even matter if the media had done it.
Yeah, I think it added to it.
I think it's an easy storyline, right?
You've got the Canadian kid, the Russian kid, the rivalry there between,
and it's just two totally different people as far as
personalities are concerned. The matching hat trick
game the year you guys did, that was
sick. We lost
that game though, so better for him than me.
Yeah, but you lost the battle you wanted to win.
I had my guy.
I covered my fucking guy.
Where the fuck were you guys tonight?
Hey, Joe Thornton
would have said it. Joe Thornton would have said it.
Joe Thornton would have said it.
What do you want me to do, get four?
Jesus Christ.
Man, it must have been so nice to get the cup first, though.
Because that is such a big monkey out the back,
because they're always going to weigh you on your career achievements
on the Stanley Cup.
Yeah, I mean, to go play that team again, too,
after losing the year before, you think you're never going to get there again. I mean, that go play that team again after losing the year before,
you think you're never going to get there again.
I mean, that's the way I was thinking.
And then remember Horsa left after we lost.
Yeah.
That was just crazy.
Well, I have so many questions.
So many questions.
First off, talk about a fuck-up
by Ray Shero trading me for Chris Coritz.
Buddy, you don't still...
Want to take that one back, Ray?
That doesn't bug you, does it? but you don't still want to take that one back right hey when you won um you know it was 09 right we lost in 08 yeah
did you think at any point that night of me bugsy and army did you
oh buddy well like so many thoughts went through my mind because i remember
bugsy sit in the room after 08 and him knowing that's probably a good
chance that you know that that's gonna a good chance that, you know,
that that's going to be his last game in Pittsburgh.
We lose in the finals.
So that was brutal.
He didn't take his jersey off for so long.
I know.
I know.
He just sat there.
And then I remember, you know, with you guys, with Army,
and, you know, obviously we came in at the same time
thinking we were going to play together forever.
You just think that.
You don't learn the business until, like, the first trade.
Yeah, you have no idea.
So, like, just that went through my mind a lot.
And that crazy game where we kept it alive in 08, that triple overtime,
you played like 53 minutes.
Sid, you just kept seeing 19, Langley, Vaughn, jumping over the board,
snapping around.
I was like, I played 57 minutes.
And then Gauch came back after missing three periods
and sets up the winning goal.
But yeah, all those kind of moments came back to me.
But yeah, we had such an awesome group,
and we all thought we were going to play together forever.
And then so that next year, you guys lose game five, right?
And you got blown out that game.
And then you go back, huge game in Pittsburgh.
And then game seven, Max Talbot.
Like, what a guy to become a hero forever.
The thing I don't think a lot of people realize is
you didn't play the third period, right?
Second half of the game.
Probably all.
I think, like, early second, I want to say.
It was long.
It just went on a hit, or do you remember the play?
Yeah, Franzen, I got hit by Franzen.
He's massive, you know how big that guy was.
And he just hit all my knee, and it just jammed in the boards.
And I got freezing and all that stuff.
I thought, okay, maybe, and got up there for the third one shift
against Datsuk and Sederberg, whoever was out there.
It was just like, I'm going to cost us the game.
You're a liability.
It was brutal.
For the first time ever.
Worst feeling ever.
Worst feeling.
That's not how you dream it up at all.
No, you would have been scoring the OT winner
at the Olympics.
It was brutal.
But you know what?
Just seeing everything,
it was just a totally different look.
But just seeing all those little things
you talk about all the time.
We couldn't even get the puck past the red line.
Guys were just chipping it past,
changing every 15 seconds.
I was like, guys, just stay over it.
After 15, nobody was there.
Give us 30, boys.
Give us 30.
And then Cronwell hit the crossbar, I think, with like two minutes left.
I was right behind him.
It looked like it was going top shelf off the bar.
And then when he hit the bar, I'm like, okay, I think I'd be able to do this, actually.
What a vulnerable feeling, though, especially for you being in the middle of the bench,
having no control over it. Like a kamikaze every shit and you're like oh i just
wish i could bring my patients out there yeah and you want to you want to be a cheerleader right but
at the same time that wasn't really i didn't really do that so i didn't work at the gate i
didn't really want to act out of character either i just was trying to yeah all of a sudden it's
like come on boys they're like uh what is on speed. No, he just hurt his knee.
Do you think those two cup finals made you realize,
or do you agree that Lidstrom was the best defenseman you ever played against?
No doubt.
Like, incredible.
And Rafalski was really good, too.
He doesn't get a lot of credit.
He was, you're right.
But not even close
that just shows how sick he was
Jans always used to practice because he used to watch
Lindstrom do it where he would be C cutting
backwards and you'd try to chip him
and dump it in and he'd knock it out of the air
and he was the best ever so
Jans used to make me do it in practice
he just can't even flip it in
he can't get it off the ice when he's trying to get it in
he'd throw him but then the coaches get so mad, this can't get it off the ice when he's trying to get it in. He's trying to make me throw him.
Yeah, but then the coaches get so mad when you don't get it deep.
When a guy bats it in the air, it's like, what do you want me to do here?
I think we had somebody on who was like, you try to dump it in on him.
I told the story about Bobby Ryan.
Oh, it was Bobby Ryan.
Jesus Christ, let's go.
Fuck, give me a break.
That is the same type thing.
It's the same type thing.
So, all right.
So you get that first cup, dude.
Like, I mean, talk about the celebration in Pittsburgh.
Because, I mean, I was there for four years and saw what a city that is.
Sportstown.
The most undercover city in the U.S. Like, just a great spot.
So, do you remember that celebration still?
Like, on Carson Street?
Yeah, the parade was crazy.
But, yeah, it happened.
I think it was like a Friday night.
We ended up being down there with a cup and just people on top of cars
and hanging the cup outside of Mario's there.
You've made a few appearances at that place, I'm sure, over the years.
But just, you know, like I couldn't picture it until I saw it.
I never expected Carson Street to look like that.
I always thought, you know, obviously
it was Grand Street or whatever
through the city, but not Carson Street. It was just
mayhem there.
Obviously, I'm trying
to think back, 16, 17, I don't think we
even had anything close to that just because
it was weekdays.
That's a huge difference. It wasn't weekends,
right? So we won
on a weekend. It worked out. It wasn't weekends, right? So we won on a weekend.
So it worked out.
It worked out.
Talbot, who lived right behind Mario,
had that pretty sick modern play.
Oh, that place was unreal.
But he must have been on fire
because an unexpected MVP in Game 7,
he ended up scoring both goals.
You were pretty close with him, too, as well.
Because you usually gravitated more towards the French guys.
Was it? Oh, really?
I hung out with Fleury,
Dupuis, and Talbot and who else
really? Army, Witt,
Bugsy. I would say he
was going to you with the French guys more.
No, he was out to you with us. Actually,
speaking of restaurants, Sid, if you still go to
Maggiano's in Philly every time... Must be the
Q influence.
That's what I was going to link it to.
That's what you put it together.
Yeah, it's just like Quebec League.
He loves French guys.
There it is.
We got it.
Light bulb went off.
I was in my hotel room last night.
I was connecting the lines and I got a mad scientist.
So rookie year, you got a hat trick in Philly after eating at Maggiano's.
And I believe went there every game in Philly the next four years?
At least.
Man, that was so heavy.
What a meal, though.
Oh, man.
You know who introduced me to Maggiano's was Merle's.
Merle's?
I think Merle's was the one who got me going to Maggiano's.
Merle's has been on here.
So Merle's was, you guys were roommates, correct?
Yeah.
I had a brief stint with you, I think, as a roommate there for a little bit.
You had a day of me shaking my foot with my left leg syndrome.
He's like, see you later.
Frank, get me somebody new.
Koonitz coming up.
It was Merle's and Armie were my two, Colby Armstrong were the two roommates for.
But Merle's, you couldn't get a better first roommate.
Just always had something set up
always like always you get in he's like pro hawk he's like meeting the lobby in 10 and you don't
know what you're doing you're just you just follow merles you knew it was gonna be good
like like out on the town you mean just like out to do anything like he'd set up dinner he'd set
up where we're gonna watch the monday night football game mini golf it could be anything
yeah mini golf it's like hey we got this set up over here at this place.
Merles is a big time set up guy.
He's the guy you need in every crew.
Oh, I love that.
You just show up.
Glue guy.
Yeah.
Glue guy.
And you show up and you always know you're going to have a good time.
And all he ever asked for, he's like, I need a gum guy.
Someone's got to be his gum guy.
So I was always gum guy.
So a lot of people have tweeted at me, like a lot of people, is our little exchange skating around during the cup finals.
You guys fucked with me about my breath.
How long did you guys play on that line?
Do you remember that whole thing?
You were in my head.
That was pretty quick, I think.
I mean, we always had something on the go, I feel like.
I know, we did.
That group was so unique, I feel like, with Flower and George.
When George was there, he was always up to
something obviously you guys had your little side bets going on all the time which our warm-up
revolved around the half moon with it with these two it was unbelievable oh my god oh my god in
games the whole warm-up just stopped for these two like literally a thousand bucks a shot in
warm-ups yeah in an nhl game yeah and like if
you go first and you go down bar in and then like i'm like dude he ain't torn and then flurry kicks
away i'm like yes then it'd get me fired up but a couple times i lost and i was just like i think
going into the game a little mentally weak because i just lost a couple hundred a hundred percent
then you guys had the sprint contest did you not you remember that that was the best i actually
told uh n Nate about that
the other day
like
we're in the room
George is like
everyone on the ice
in like 10 minutes
we're like what's going on
you know
but we're like
it's going to be good
we don't know what it is
it's going to be good though
so we get out there
these two are lined up
on the goal line
ready to race to the red line
I don't know what was on
how much was on the line
I think Terry and two didn't he?
oh everybody was out
everybody was out
dude Ray Sherrill was like on the stopwatch on the goal line doing it.
We had some fun.
All right, so you mentioned Fleury.
Great friend of yours, Stanley Cup champ.
What was it like the years where a good buddy of yours kind of lost his game a little bit,
lost his starting job?
Everyone says how great he was to be around even when he was going through those times did you think the same yeah definitely he
didn't he didn't change at all i mean that's just hard probably the hardest thing ever for him
knowing how competitive he is and um coming in at a young age and just carrying it the whole way
like he he made it look so easy and that's not easy for a young goalie so you know we kind of take that for granted but the way he handled it i mean you couldn't handle it
any better and especially being a goalie there's that the little you know it's a little different
it's a little more competitive the ego side of goaltending is yeah you have to have that to be
good yeah you would have never been good to begin with what's that you would have never been good
to begin with yeah you didn't have that motor yeah exactly so yeah he handled it unreal and um he was so huge and us you know winning you look at
some of the like that washington series oh my god i mean we got so comfortable with him just making
save after save after save and then we'd get our chance and boom was that the second of the back
to backs where he ended up taking over for
most of that playoff what was the feeling like when they ended up deciding to go back to murray
and i think it was even in the finals or maybe it was conference final against ottawa yeah
so i think we struggled a bit uh in ottawa i think it was game three and uh i think murr started
after that and he was he came in and played unreal.
So at that point, you're that deep
and we had been through that in the year prior.
Does that not even go through your head though?
Are you trying to just worry about and focus on your game
or when you hear about the switching of goaltenders,
is everyone kind of like,
wow, that's a fucking very major decision
on a guy who's carried us to here?
Yeah.
We had a lot of the same guys the second year so i think having gone through that the year before and flower handling
it the way he did and not making a big that was the best thing about it like it it automatically
wasn't a distraction and obviously you feel for him we're we're teammates um he got us to that
point and we didn't know at that point if they were going to rotate after that,
if Murr was going to go all the way.
So you try not to read into it too much.
It's part of the position, and we just tried to go with it.
But it worked out.
I don't want to insult Ottawa here, but were you guys shocked
that that went seven games?
I wasn't.
I mean, we talked a lot about it.
They were such a different opponent.
They sat back. If they would have went to the cup final, I would have been rattled. I mean, we talked a lot about it. They were such a different opponent. Like, they sat back.
If they would have went to the cup final, I would have been rattled.
I would have been pissed.
I'm like, they don't  you know, you guys  I think it was game seven overtime, was it not?
Yeah, double.
Yeah, I guess you scored that one.
Cooney.
Cooney.
The best one was when they were all wearing his jersey.
Oh, that was the best.
Because he missed the game, and there was Paul Kunitz on the ice.
And he's like, this is my nightmare.
That was in Chicago, too, I think.
Chicago, yeah.
I was like, holy shit, I'm not going to sleep at night.
Actually, what a great guy he is, though.
Everyone's told me, like, he made an impact right away hammering guys, too.
That hit on Tiemann.
Oh, that's one of the biggest hits I've ever seen.
He just, you know what what he can do he can do
anything like it doesn't matter if he's not if he's not scoring if he's not setting guys up he's
doing all those little things that you don't really you don't really notice but you know that
are so important to winning and um he just in the playoffs he always found a way to just elevate his
game yeah going back to that first cup win sid what was the most unexpected thing about winning
the cup something that like no one told you about like holy shit I didn't know this was
going to happen I think just everything that comes with it after like you think of winning you think
of like that feeling of hoisting the cup being with your teammates the parade probably is in
your head just from seeing it you know on tv that kind of thing but it's just you know whether it's
coming back home and seeing everyone huddle around wanting to see the cup.
I don't know.
It's the people that are a part of it.
As you got older and made the NHL, it's you winning it,
but it feels like it's such a bigger group that wins it.
So I think just having that impact,
I don't think you really understand it until you win it.
How many years did you have to go before you didn't have any more roommates?
I got my own room pretty early.
I was lucky.
They were good.
Flower had his, obviously, his goalie, so I think he got his own pretty early.
But it used to be 500 games, wasn't it?
It used to be 500 games, but it was still like when we came in,
I thought it was everyone had them.
Because you were with, like, Odeline for a minute, and I was with...
I was with Rex.
Yeah, like no...
They used to put the older guy with the young guy.
Just so they could be like, hey, do everything and then pay the room bill.
Speaking of roommates, Lemieux, you lived at Lemieux's place for a while there.
What a pad.
It was supposed to be a year.
It was supposed to be a year, and all of a sudden you just moved out.
He's like, all right, once I win my third cup, I'll move.
At first, it was a little uncomfortable living at someone else's house.
Yeah, I mean, right away.
But he had four kids, and it's just a very normal family.
So I guess it got normal pretty quick just because, obviously, you look up to him.
He is who he is. But then you're in that family environment.
You see just a regular guy, obviously had an amazing career,
but I was playing with him at that point too.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
So that was pretty awesome.
I mean, driving to the rink every day
and just kind of probably asking him every question in the book.
One of the best stories I have from my first,
I think it was like first couple weeks there,
they convinced me to get a dog right away.
So I was like, I don't know if I need a dog right now.
I can barely do my own laundry.
So they convinced me to get a dog.
I have a puppy, still have the puppy this day,
14-year-old Sam.
But anyways, so I come back after the game
and I smell something i'm like what is
that i'm like puppy definitely like shit somewhere in the house like i gotta find out where this is
you know this is mario's house yeah so i'm like looking everywhere like all over the house finally
come around the corner and he's cleaning up all this shit like everywhere in the kitchen i'm like oh my god i'm like i'm like like so embarrassed i'm
like mary louise clean up my dog mario the music my dog shit like this is so backwards this should
not be happening i would have been like mario you told me to get the dog that damn business
brought another broadhead mario don't listen let me see you. He was awesome.
He ended up retiring, I think, in November.
Maybe it was December.
The whole family, he was
unbelievable to me
and still is to this day.
Do you remember, Armie and I were talking about this.
I was actually crying, laughing.
The text Mario sent
you after the big night in New York. You had your
rookie year.
Taking a bite of the Big Apple?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. Oh, he loved that one.
Armie's sitting there, and he's just sitting there.
I mean, I'm telling the story for him, but Armie's telling me this.
Like, yeah, I'm sitting there, and he texts Mario Lemieux.
I'm like, holy fuck, let me see.
Let me see.
And sit at two and two against the Rangers that night.
And Mario just writes, way to take a small bite out of the Big Apple, kid.
And Armie's like, oh my fucking god!
Holy fuck! That's Mario LeVue
texting you that? But that's so Armie too.
I probably was like reading on the bus. He's looking
over my shoulder. He's like, who's that? Is that Mario?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like, jeez, like,
play it cool, man. No, Armie's like, say anything about me.
Say anything about me. I got to talk about it a bunch of times today.
I love you, Armie.
Another teammate we wanted to talk about
was Pascal Dupuis.
Yeah.
A throw-in.
A throw-in on that. Yeah, that's crazy.
That's crazy.
He's another guy like Cooney.
I mean, he just did all those little things,
and I feel like those guys, they're so important to winning
because they do more than just score or set up guys.
They just understand the game.
If you need energy that night, they can bring that.
If you need a hit, they'll bring that.
They're willing to play any amount of minutes, whether it's 10 or 20,
but if they play 20, they want to play 25.
Like it's just that they want to make an impact on the game somehow,
and he was one of those guys that just he worked hard.
He was willing to do whatever it took to win.
So we'll go back to the coup and it's
trade is that something that they call you in and say hey what do you think we need in our lineup
to that's just that was just their move and then how long did it take you to evaluate
the fact that he was going to be a big piece to you guys winning the championship
um it's hard to say then you don't know it takes time i think for your team to just develop chemistry
and things like that but he was he was a good fit um yeah i think it started off with i played with
him and billy right away and we had some really good chemistry and it just seemed to fit but we
had we were so deep i mean we had we had so many guys that could chip in and we had miro shatan
that year that oh yeah tyler sakura. Sikora, Peter Sikora.
Some rude chip in.
Fedotenko.
Guys that just, you know, guys you wouldn't think right away as goal scorers,
but like Feds was unbelievable.
You get 20?
Yeah.
What about Garen?
When he came over, he must have made just an impact in the room.
Yeah, big time.
I mean, he's just so comfortable.
He was so comfortable right away.
It didn't take any time. First time I him i remember the training we just started unleashing
on me just chirping me i was just like oh man did you love it though i loved it yeah you know
yeah yeah yeah but just uh yeah he was it helped that he was older he had been through he had been
on a few teams before that so yeah do you find people attentive about busting your balls giving
like your stature in the room or whatever?
I think guys that I came in with were obviously much more comfortable
than it is now. We'll put it that way.
Oh man, these kids are so scared of
everything.
I was on the training table.
Can you sign my iPhone, please, Sid?
I'll go to the net hard.
It's just different.
Everyone did it. It didn't matter
where you were in the lineup
or whether you played 10 games or 82 a year.
It's just you were fair game.
I can remember my first year going to get a haircut
and just being like,
can you just give me something that doesn't look like I got a haircut?
Just something where I actually got my haircut,
but it doesn't look like I got one.
I need a half a trip.
I'm going to be absolutely shredded.
No matter how good this is, it's going to be awful.
So Sid's pulling into the arena, and we're playing Philly that night,
and most people think he's stressed out about going up against Mike Richardson,
but he's actually stressed that people are going to start screaming,
where'd you get a free bowl of soup with that haircut?
I can take it.
Unreal.
From the fans, it's fine, but from your teammates,
that's just, that cut you deep.
I had one thing written down.
You had a million things written down.
Yeah, I actually have a million things written down here.
I won't read them.
Good, thank God.
In the second of the back-to-backs,
there was a little bit of taunting on P.K. Subban's part with the whole
the mouthwash
the bad breath and then he was bringing
the mouthwash
were you getting a lot of that information
is that something you just laugh about or are you
irritated by it
yeah I was a little irritated
but yeah I mean I think you could tell at the
time when I was doing the interviews it was just like the last thing I wanted to be talking about but I mean maybe that was part of it maybe
that's did it fire you up like were you like because I know at that point I think they were
winning the series when he was doing that no they were they just tied it they had just tied it 2-2
we were we won first two they and that was in nashville he had said something to guensey uh leaving the
ice and i just kind of went to kind of get in the middle and try to break them up and he kind
of kept saying stuff and him and i went at it and nothing was said even remotely close to that but
then to read that after he's like oh okay you're like all right we're making a show i'm gonna have
to i'm gonna answer about this so it was more than that it was more of that and then i think on top of that he ended up taking uh listerine carrying a bottle of
listerine into the game or something like that just trolling you i think more so it's you're
like i don't even want to answer like i have to talk about this yeah so it pisses you off yeah
he still jokes about it we were just we're just at the uh awards and he was still joking around about
i mean it is what it is but yeah i was just like okay i gotta answer a question at the end of the
day right well speaking of um that's just kind of little game you know that's just mind games
it's nothing me and him had some good run-ins throughout the whole series i was playing a lot
against him you know i don't have anything against him for that i just i just was kind of annoyed
that answer but all right that's what i wanted to know that's the answer i wanted the tom brady
bill belichick school of thinking just don't ask me about nonsense what about uh a mistake i made
and we need to go back into this for people who don't know i made a bet that uh the man sitting
right here would never score 50 goals in the NHL. Do you remember finding out about that?
Who fucking told you?
It's definitely Getzlaff.
I think it was Getz, wasn't it?
Probably Getz, yeah.
Him or Pears.
Well, either way.
Might have been Pears.
Yeah, it might have been Pears.
This guy walks by me at the hallway of the Olympics and says,
Hey, I heard about your bet, bud.
It's a sweet bet.
And then that year it gets 50.
Are you fucking kidding me? Who did you bet? I bet Talbot. Talbot's like, hey, I heard about your bet, bud. It's a sweet bet. And then that year, it gets 50. Are you fucking kidding me?
Who did you bet?
I bet Talbot.
Talbot's like, well, you know, we're just talking about his game.
And I was like, I don't know if I'll ever get 50.
And trust me, I'm blowing him more than anyone in the world.
But I'm like, I don't know if I'll ever get 50.
Look at his stick.
He came into the league with this two-piece straight.
It was like, I don't think it's possible.
And Talbot, correct as he was, is like, dude, how stupid are you?
You don't think he's going to get 50?
And I ended up being wrong.
But just the fact that you ended up finding out about it, I was like, oh, no.
If I start a podcast someday, he'll never do an interview with me.
Not necessarily a wrong opinion considering when you came in,
I would say you were more past first mentality.
And I think that maybe you realized people were catching on to that where
there was one year it looked like you came back and you'd all you'd done is on the summer break
was work on your shot because then you were just sleeping everything yeah i had a wood blade wood
okay that was oh that was why that probably didn't help me what's that people could
nate this kid would get a hundred blades i'm talking to mckinnon yeah another superstar
thanks for coming um i'm getting legit he's watching him he's you would get 100 blades. I'm talking to McKinnon. Yeah, another superstar. Thanks for coming.
I'm getting legit.
Watching him, you would get 100 blades and maybe throw away 85 of them?
Yeah, but you could doctor them up.
You could bend wood blades back then. I've seen you in the training room in training camp.
Go and look at it.
Why did you finally go one piece?
What did it do?
Because they didn't make them anymore.
No shit.
Yeah.
So I think it was 2010 I started.
And got 50.
There's the One Piece commercial.
Would you have changed if they would have kept making them?
Probably not.
I probably wouldn't have.
No.
You're not a creature of change.
You're just a creature.
Still the same cup, correct?
Still the same jock?
Still the same one.
And that's since age...
Probably midget.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Have you amended it at all?
Did you fix any of it?
Is it just the same one?
Oh, it's been...
Yeah, it's been docked.
Dana Hinds, he has dreams at night about those nightly...
The one extra stitch in his jock that hangs down to his knee.
Man, he...
Protects his knee back.
Yeah, give him credit.
That's probably like the worst thing he's got to do.
He gets it done. He keeps it together for me. He knows the credit. That's probably like the worst thing he's got to do. He gets it done.
He keeps it together for me.
He knows the deal.
That's great.
He knows the deal.
One thing I want to ask you,
and the start of the question might come off as negative,
what's the weakest part of your game?
Or maybe what's the thing that you need to work on more so than others
in order to keep that part of your game up to par,
or at least what you consider par?
I'd say speed. I mean, that's just part of getting older up to par or at least what you consider par? I'd say speed.
I mean, that's just part of getting older is you slow down a little bit.
I mean, you just got to slow that curve.
That's the biggest thing.
I mean, the game's getting faster and faster, and obviously as you get older,
you start to slow down a little bit.
And, you know, the more you can slow that process down, the better.
But it's just, you know, it's just part of getting older.
Do you think now you play the game different mentally, positionally,
as opposed to when you came in and you were just busting through the neutral zone,
splitting the D every fucking time?
I think there's just more responsibility for the center.
They always used to tell you, how about the D down low, that kind of thing.
But now you have to.
Teams come so hard they pinch i remember like starting out there used to be like two teams that
their d would pinch and that was like super high risk for teams to pinch the d now every team
pinches there's so much pressure on the d that you have as a center you have to help out all the time
if you're not there your d or toast so so i think it's just i'd love to go back to that
that way of just flying through neutral zone but you're not really going to have the puck much
because you're not going to be able to help your d get out of the zone i want to go back to high
school for a minute you went to shattuck st mary's in minnesota obviously well known for hockey what
made you make that decision and also was that culture shock just going to a school in the
american midwest all of a sudden yeah it was it was a big decision but at the same time it was
one i felt really comfortable with because i hadn't really been introduced to call it u.s
college hockey so i thought by going there it'd be good to finally get on the ice every day which
wasn't something i did here growing up we only practiced twice a week so even at 14 yeah yeah
i think maybe three times in midget but in band up to bantam for sure up we only practiced twice a week so even at 14 yeah yeah I think maybe three
times in midget but in up to Bantam for sure we were only practiced twice a week yeah so
that was a huge thing just to be on the ice every day to have the rink right on campus there
the education was going to be really good but yeah that just allowed me to go there and develop
play there and see what I want to do if college was something i was interested
in that was the best opportunity i was going to have to really see it up close too so were you
one year one year yeah one year and then to the quebec league yeah and it was tough i almost did
i almost stayed and did 11 and 12 in the same year and then would have been able to go to college
yeah i remember north dak Dakota was probably up there.
Yeah, just because Zach Parise had gone to Shattuck.
He went there, and they had just built that rink and stuff, I think,
and that was just kind of a draw there.
Did you have a ton of offers, or did it even get to that point
where teams were offering?
No, no one offered him a fucking rink.
I mean, if he was going to go juniors, that's when you pack a head.
Hey, that's something I would ask sometimes,
and I'm glad it didn't click off in my brain,
where I'm like, thank you for not saying that.
Well, you know what?
The NCAA rules are like, it's crazy because I was a, it's all like.
When you can legally commit and shit.
I was a sophomore.
It's all coming back to me a bit, but, like, the rules are crazy.
You can't talk directly to coaches or directors.
They can, like, text you on a certain date, but it's very...
The NCAA keeps things so under wraps.
Yeah, so I feel like looking back then, it was like my coach would talk to the other,
like, the college coach, and he'd basically relay information.
Morris Code.
It was weird.
I didn't know all these rules.
I was pretty new to that whole process, but it wasn't as easy as just going on a visit
and just laying it all out there.
There was ways to do it.
So when you were at Shattuck, you played and became real good buddies with Jack Johnson.
You're now teaming in on the Penguins.
Is it true there was a time that now teaming on the Penguins.
Is it true there was a time that you guys played on the baseball team,
you got hit, and he charged them out?
Yeah, that was crazy.
Like, that was our last  that's the last baseball game I ever played in.
So I was pitching, and they were kind of  the other team was kind of chirping.
They were squawking at you?
Yeah, it just  that happened every game, though. It was just fun.
Like, guys are going back and forth and then uh he gets up to bat and uh their pitcher he starts saying stuff for their pitcher but the guy starts brushing him off
and he kind of moves in a little closer like kind of showing him hey i don't care if you're
brushing me off i'm gonna move it tighter and tighter to the plate so i'm on deck and i'm like
this is not gonna be good like You can tell. He's like,
he's going to charge a mound here at any point.
Sure enough, brushes another one back. He goes out
there. He just starts beating
the crap out of the pitcher.
Within two punches, that guy's down.
First baseman comes over.
That guy's down. Second
baseman throws his glove at him.
And he's done.
He's basically standing on the mound two
guys are down i remember i ran like hockey mentality grabbed the catcher yeah i'm thinking
he might blindside him so on top of the catcher i was on deck so i'm like i'm like what just
happened you know so the uh athletic director came up to us after and said you know you guys
are gonna have to sit out you know the rest of the season and you know and he was like jack was so pumped he was so fired up he
just got you know bench clear he loved it i was just like okay we were playing another sport just
we had to play something spring term we played baseball but yeah that was uh yeah i haven't been
in anything like that i mean hockey wise but, that's the last thing I expected going into that.
Even before Shattuck, like the nickname, like the next one,
like you were like a prodigy growing up.
And I'm wondering, being here, like living in Coal Harbor and Halifax,
like do you think it was almost easier to deal with that if instead you're living in Toronto, right,
where it's just like kind of a gong show, minor hockey and stuff?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, I think as far as staying grounded, I think it was easier, you know,
just because that's the one thing.
The friends I grew up with, the coaches I had, it was all about team growing up.
You know, it didn't impress them if you had great numbers.
And there's tons of kids in minor hockey
that have great numbers that it just doesn't work out and i think they always kind of reminded me of
that and playing with older kids they didn't allow my my head to get too big there wasn't social
media there wasn't even just to get info on other players you had to like just like go online and
try to figure out who the best guys were yeah it was hard to do. Like you just couldn't, you didn't know who was coming from.
I was looking for message boards on like Hockey's Future
or any of their real websites.
Exactly.
That's what it was.
So I guess in that way it was probably a little bit better
just without all the social media and stuff.
But there's also some challenges too.
It's a small town and there's nowhere to, I guess, to kind kind of get away and just when you get to that age
where you're you know closer to junior and there's that expectation um i remember when i was in junior
i was going to like high school and i was getting you know ushered in the back door to do my exams
like i was like this isn't this is come on really like well that's what you do but be honest that's
when you probably realize like i'm not gonna
have a normal life i mean it's never yeah that way and it was it was pretty good you know i think my
parents did a good job and obviously with the friends and stuff i have they they kept it as
normal as can be but it's just one of those things that it is what it is and um you make the best of
it you're you're kind of private and and you keep... Kind of. Well, you run a tight ship.
Was that just something you always wanted
where you just don't really want people knowing your business?
Is that something that your parents were like,
hey, this is going to benefit you if you live it this way in the future?
No, I think it's just kind of learned.
I think whatever works best for you,
whatever you feel the most comfortable with.
I always felt like hockey you know, hockey was, you know, so scrutinized
and there's so much expectation that came with that.
And there's a certain level of, you know, when it came to my personal life,
I just liked having that for me.
I didn't need to necessarily let everyone know what I was doing when I was doing it,
but I just thought, like, that was something I could have for me.
You know, hockey was something that everyone was well aware of,
but my personal life was for me.
Well, and as that goes on, though, you have to kind of work to kind of keep it private,
whereas early on it's a little different, whereas now, like, you know,
you deal with, like, paparazzi and stuff like that.
Do you have to have, like, a team around you?
No, it's not that.
It's Nate right over here.
It's not that bad.
I think, and after a while, you know, you're in different situations
and, you know, you learn what works, what doesn't.
Like having no caller ID when you call people?
That, exactly.
That's the most legendary thing.
I've been just waiting since I got traded to get a no-caller ID call.
Because some say blocked.
Some have, like, you can tell it's a joke number.
Sid's no-caller ID every time.
So I'm like, this is him.
It's him.
Yeah, yeah.
He said it's fairly easy, though.
You just got to call your provider and set it up.
Yeah, because I was explaining what I thought was so cool.
And then Grinnelli goes, my dad has that.
I'm like, okay, well, that's true.
All right. Actually, like, okay, well, that just ruined it for me.
All right, actually, one more thing, Ari,
because we're getting into all these good memories that we're trying, but you've had some tough things
to deal with in your career, and I really want to go into
buying jeans, dude, because it's just a disaster.
I mean, dude, this guy buys these wide-ass jeans
and then gets the bottoms tapered in.
The old boot cut.
You've never found a pair of jeans in a store.
No chance.
No, it's not easy.
Grinnell, he's salivating.
I know.
He was roking it off to Torrey Krug's quads.
Look at these fucking things.
Paige, they stretch.
That's what I'm wearing right now.
Pasha, fucking right, Paige.
Send me a couple
please born dude he's born with those things those fucking tracks no i do i do a lot of leg stuff but
i think that there's lots of guys that do a lot of leg stuff it's just i guess genetics before we
even get into the 2010 and 14 olympics were you pissed off when you didn't make 06 i i know but like looking back no one even like
thought about your name wasn't even in the mix but then you start thinking like at the break you
probably had 60 70 points like yeah did you start thinking of it ever that year like right before
they started uh i think it was like when did they come with the team january yeah yeah like december
i think december yeah so right before they were coming out with the team,
I think there was a little bit of chatter that, you know,
maybe an extra or something like that.
But just that alone I was happy with.
Like I didn't expect to even be on that radar coming in my first year.
So I ended up going to Rimouski for Olympic break, actually.
That's what you did that year?
I remember.
Oh, my God, that's a hockey nerd to a t right there i had to tell you i wasn't
gonna let that slip i gotta go yeah everyone's like where's the maldives uh no he went and
skated with the oceanic all my buddies from junior were back there i was like i was happy to have a
two-week break and obviously following the olympics but i didn't i wasn't upset at all like the fact
that i was in the conversation
i guess kind of got my hopes up a little bit but then once i wasn't it was like i was a fan so 10
comes and um you know in the end you become a canadian hero forever scoring that goal but
people probably don't really remember that that tournament we beat you guys in regulation there
were some question marks going on in the canadian media it was a little bit of a gong show for you guys early yeah because of that game probably and and
then the goaltender was switched i think broder had been the starter right yeah i think i think
after that game luongo went in and uh yeah we just i think we just struggled we struggled to find
those line combinations as you know it's a it's a short-term tournament and
um a lot of guys some guys have played together before some haven't and uh yeah i mean it's it's a ways back so i'm trying to jog my memory a little bit but uh yeah that gold medal doesn't
come back to me right away there might have also been some no just early on you know like early on
it's there's always that feeling out process but i feel like it happens so on, you know, like early on, there's always that feeling out process, but I feel like it happens so quick.
Yeah.
You know, as far as like the team gets there the next day you're playing, you don't.
What about the golden goal?
Like, do you remember that shift?
Do you remember like the feeling right after?
I imagine it could be that or you might not remember a thing.
It's kind of like that.
Yeah.
I mean, I remember the feeling I had when Parisi scored.
That's what I remember the most.
I was sick to my stomach.
I was like, you've got to be kidding me.
We had it.
This is like, you know, what was it, like a minute or 30 seconds he scored?
Under a minute, I think.
Yeah, and I remember like, oh, my God.
It's funny you say that because I don't really remember that,
blacking out on the bench because you're so happy,
and I remember yours that you don't remember so perfectly.
That's probably true.
And then we came in.
We only had 30 seconds.
We come in the room, and it's still kind of like lingering, right?
And I remember Scott Niedermeyer was just so cool and calm.
I don't remember exactly what he said but he was so
like i mean he was convinced we were going to win judging by the way he was talking i just remember
wow this guy's been through everything we're going to get this done like he's he just like had that
quiet confidence as as for the goal itself were you surprised you scored on that particular shot
was just kind of a weird angle i know americans were. Oh, easy on, right? Well, it was like Kane's cup goal.
It was like similar.
Remember?
It was like on the ice, weird angle.
Yeah.
And it was incredible.
It's cool because I used to do this drill growing up.
I remember like probably like 12, 13, 14 years old.
It was 10 pucks, and you just shoot 10 into the net.
The pucks were scattered all over the offensive zone.
So you didn't necessarily know into the net. The pucks were scattered all over the offensive zone,
so you didn't necessarily know where the net is sometimes.
You're just trying to get 10 pucks in as best time as you can get,
so try to score 10 goals on an empty net.
So you just go to the puck, shoot it from where it is.
Yeah, so it's pretty hard because once you get tired,
you're skating out to the blue line, you're turning, you're firing, you miss.
Puck goes in the corner, you've got to go chase it down.
It's just annoying. It's kind of like a bag skate at the end sounds like one but anyways that that drill you used to get those like bad angles all the time and you don't really look at the net a lot you
just kind of like let it go and it was just one of those things where that puck just kind of popped
out and for whatever reason i shot it but like it wasn't a like great angle it wasn't for whatever reason
i shot it but most times you take that to the net and i think that's what miller probably thought
i was going to take it to the net it was just a weird like a lot of times nine times out of ten
i probably don't shoot that right away like it was just weird the way it worked out so so basically
my gold medal dreams were crushed at a rink in cole har Harbor, Nova Scotia, 5.30 in the morning in 2001.
Nine years prior.
But no, seriously, though.
You know, it goes five hole.
It's a pretty low percentage shot,
but I guess in overtime, maybe I was thinking,
no shot's a bad shot.
Maybe they get to panic play,
and that's something I would have done.
All the minutes on your stick, you're like, get it off it.
So what was the celebration that night?
Celebration was really cool. It was kind of i guess it was tough because the city was just mayhem and we were leaving like early the next day right away because we played i want to say we played a day later i
think at home right away and uh i remember sitting around with uh webs and we went to the athletes
village it was like it was like this house they had where
you know just any of the athletes could come in hang out so we brought um we brought a bottle of
rum i think from the from the rink and just like had a couple just dumbing it yeah at the the house
there and but all the athletes are around it wasn't just team canada it was just uh it's just
kind of hanging out there but the
city was just so crazy i just i was content to just hang out in the athletes village and hang
out with some other athletes there and i think the men's curling team was around a little bit so i
think it was kevin you know they drank oh yeah it was kevin martin's group there so they were around
we were hanging out with them and it was a lot of fun but it was pretty quick unfortunately that's
that's the thing is There's no parade.
You don't really get to hang out with the guys that much after.
Everyone kind of goes back to their teams pretty quick.
Well, you talked about the struggles early in the tournament.
You could probably think of a few distractions off the ice.
It was in Vancouver.
You've got to imagine a lot of guys were going out,
probably having a good time, taking in the festivities.
Maybe not so much you, but other guys.
I was.
You know Drew Doughty's not staying in every night in Vancouver.
You got to bring up the Vitaly story, dude.
Well, I have to do a live ad read right now.
Oh, can I do it?
Have you guys ever heard him try to do an ad read?
All right, let's get ready.
I'll go to the bathroom.
I'll come back in 25 minutes.
The font is a little bigger than usual.
So we're talking here about the Ribcore Trigger 4 Pro.
Now, what exactly is that, Sid?
This is a CCM.
Is that a skate?
The Trigger?
The Trigger is a stick.
That's a stick.
That's a stick.
Okay, I'm sorry.
It's been a while since I played, Sid.
Okay, used by NHL superstars like Sidney Crosby and Nathan McKinnon, CCM's RibCore Stick line is all about quick release, and the RibCore Trigger 4 Pro Stock is no exception.
and our new Agility Blade.
The Ribcore Trigger 4 Pro Stock is an incredibly lightweight and high-performance stick designed to put the puck in the back of the net
quicker than ever before.
Nailed it.
Not bad.
I struggled with isometric.
That's a tough one, and I don't know why it's capitalized.
Should I do another one, Grinnelly?
That's a tough one, and I don't know why it's capitalized.
Should I do another one, Grinnelli?
The one-piece boot featured on the Jet Speed FT2 and SuperTACS AS1 skates.
It's not complicated.
CCM's one-piece boot is all about pure performance.
Highlighted by a more direct energy transfer and closer fit,
the one-piece boot gives players faster feet.
The one-piece boot is available on the Jet Speed FT2 and SuperTax AS1 skates.
So that's two in a row.
I did a pretty good job.
Didn't get stuck on that one.
You've been with CCM since you started.
What do you like so much about it?
Yeah, it was Reebok.
It was Reebok first.
Well, they owned each other, didn't they? Yeah, it was Reebok. It was Reebok first. Well, they owned each other, didn't they?
Yeah, it was CCM Reebok.
So, yeah, I think just Johnny Max.
Do you remember Johnny Max or no?
He was a rep with Sherwood before he came to CCM Reebok.
But he was just always an unbelievable guy.
Always told you how it is.
You guys know what it's like if you're dealing with someone
and sometimes they're telling you that you're going to get sticks.
Oh, biggest line hockey sticks are in the mail.
Biggest line hockey.
It was the worst.
So he was always great for that.
The company was always great.
So, yeah, they're good to work with.
As a young kid, Sid, when did you become aware that you were way better than every other kid?
Ah, great question. I didn't really ever have that in my head really like you were
never said all right i'm kind of blowing these eight-year-olds out of the water no i didn't like
that's why i think like i was i was always two three years younger than the guys i was playing
against and i always felt like i needed to work so hard to like to stay at that
level or to play at that level and um that kind of kept kept pushing me to get better and when
when did you realize that okay I think I could do this for a living or I want to do this for a
living how old were you when you had that thought he wanted it when he was four and a half months
I don't think you really like I always even before i when i was drafted i think
is when it really like hit me i think even in junior like you're projected and then you hear
stories about guys um you know that get drafted early and for whatever reason it doesn't work out
so i don't think i ever let that creep into my head that hey you're first pick but it's it's
automatic that you're gonna play and have a good career and that kind of thing. So, yeah, I think that I always had that mentality, that underdog,
or I've got to prove myself, that kind of mentality.
So, like, forever it's Mario's linked with Jager, you know,
from their titles in Pittsburgh and the dominating teams they had.
And for you, it'll be Gino.
And, like, I hoped a couple funny, if not one funny Geno story would come to mind.
My favorite being when he had five assists against the Maple Leafs
and smashed a stick into 100 pieces.
You remember that game?
We beat the Leafs.
Why?
What happened?
We beat the Leafs 5-0 at home, and he had all five assists.
And he got in the locker room, and he was so mad he didn't score.
He smashed a stick in the old shower in Mellon Arena in 100 pieces.
And I was like, Orp, he had five assists.
It was just a classic memory.
He's been by your side for every year but one, and what a player he is.
Incredible.
Just practicing with it.
You know what it's like practicing with it every day.
He just makes it look so easy.
He just knifes through guys.
Even in the game, he'll be caught in front of the net. There like a guy looks like he's gonna pick his pocket and go the other way he
just knifes through and it's nothing like he makes it look so easy and um i remember like you know
how you have the order when you go out onto the ice and his first game he got he got hurt so his
first i think he missed the first seven games we played that year because he hurt his shoulder in preseason.
And then we had our lineup all kind of preset.
And, like, you know, it comes down to him and I at the end of the line.
You know, like, who goes out last?
He's just looking at me.
I'm like, we don't really.
He was my second year, bud.
Fucking eat it.
Do you remember what he said?
He goes, three years, Super League.
Oh, you're a big dog.
Do you know what the Russian is?
Yes. I'm like, what? I'm like, what? He goes, three years, Super League. Oh, you've been jogging with the Russians? Yes.
I'm like, what?
I'm like, what?
He goes, three years, Super League.
I'm like, okay, okay.
So he wasn't budging at all.
I was trying.
I was like, rock, paper, scissors, every game.
No, like, no chance.
Rookie, first game.
Telling the fucking 102-point man.
You'd already had the C at that point, no?
No. That was your first game with the C. It was. That was had the c at that point no no that was
your first game with the c it was that was your first season with the c i thought you got your
second year might have been got a second year you had the a halfway through your 18 year old season
i think when terrian came you got an a okay and then i was like oh this kid's 18 he's the assistant
captain yeah but yeah so that was hilarious like yeah good. We still go in that order to this day.
He's always last.
He's a bully.
I tell people on the podcast, I used to be at the front of the line, not that I should
have been anyway, because I'm a drill buster, but he would just come over, take my puck,
go right in front of me, and not even say anything.
Not like, hey, I'm going to lead this one, set the tone here.
He would just be like what
the fuck are you doing at the front of the line and just push me out of the way yeah but that's
him like he's so funny like he that's just him and you know what like when you see it so often
it's just you get used to it but how about him not knowing anyone's name on the team ever
i got rookie parties he's he hey he's better now yeah he. He nailed everyone's name last year easily.
So you can't get him on that anymore.
I said to these guys, I played with him, but I don't know him because he didn't speak English then.
And now it's like he does interviews and stuff.
It's like I play with him, but I don't really know him at all.
I'd love to actually see him now.
He probably hates me because I's always ripping on russia but we need that we need your backstory of the
joe vitale story and have you heard this yet yeah this has definitely gotten back to you
so we need to know like when did you decide all right this is i guess actually that night
you're probably this is going to continue until it stops like that's nothing for me like when i
look back like i'm like yeah nothing for me like when i look back
like i'm like yeah yeah i mean like yeah i did that but he went along with it like he knew the
second like yeah it was a meal ticket the second third time i came back to tell him like i was
like okay he's on board he knows what i'm doing here and then like i start to pick up little stuff
it's contagious you'd be surprised guys come in say i'm not super suspicious and all of a sudden
you see them doing stuff you're like okay you're like oh you play it off are you stuttering the
story a little more because at that point you're kind of acting where he knows what's going on you
know what's going on or do you have to tell it the exact same same and is it just smooth
yeah i mean it's just i mean it's not word for word are you smirk you must be smirking because
you're well aware that he's aware of what the fuck is going on.
You're making him listen to the story for the 10th time.
It's not that long a story.
It was a quick story.
Can you tell us the story?
Can we hear it?
It was like I think I heard that song on vacation or something in Europe.
A couple lines?
Yeah, it was probably a couple lines back and forth.
It was like, hey, you know, that was the song I listened to.
It was a soundtrack to Italy. Yeah, forth it was like hey you know that was the song I listened to like when I yeah exactly
yeah it was something
quick like that
so he's just like
oh yeah
like the second time
I told him
he's probably like
what
yeah he's like
that's when he's like
he told me that
but then the third
he realizes okay
he was on board
and then that's not
even a lot
what's something
that you did
for Superstition
that was just like,
you're like, okay, what am I doing now?
Like, this is getting excessive.
The throwing of the water bottle.
Is that still going on?
Army started that.
Oh, really?
That was a roommate thing.
Like, he used to just, like, chuck the bottle, you know,
the garbage can in the hotel room, just, like, messing around.
He's like, if I put this in, I'm getting three goals tonight.
He'd chuck it at
the at the garbage but like army's probably responsible for half of my stuff because he
was pretty he was pretty superstitious too yeah tyson berry told me to ask you about the spin
oh god spin doctor what's this oh this is a great story what is this it's been retired
um first golf club i ever got i I was at Air Lanes Golf Club,
which is actually by the airport here.
It's a nine hole.
And I was on number one, and this club came helicoptering across in front of me.
I was like, what?
And this guy just like chirped, and he's so pissed.
I was like, here you go, sir.
I was young.
I was like 14 or whatever.
He threw it?
Threw it, yeah.
He was pissed.
So I was like, here's your club back.
He's like, keep it.
I'm like, you sure? He's like like keep it i'm like you sure he's like keep it so i'm like okay so it's a 60 degree with one of those huge faces like just got these probably illegal it's probably super illegal super illegal so
i had that in my bag forever like i knew it was illegal but i didn't know to what extent
this thing can like it stops the ball in a dime wherever you are like you can pretty much
just like put the ball wherever you want to put it like with this thing it doesn't move so we're
golfing at oakmont fast forward to what's this couple years ago we're at oakmont yeah and tice
is there with nate and braden shen was there too i'm in like thick rough in Oakmont. So I bring out the doctor. You know?
So
this is
late. All playing for money.
Out of the rough at Oakmont. This is green. It ain't
stopping. This is late in the round too.
This is huge. Yeah, this is on
17. This is a huge shot. I'm in
trouble and I just stick it
like two feet. It doesn't even
move and like Nate is it like two feet it doesn't even move
and like
Nate is snapping
just losing it
was that the doctor
was that the fucking doctor
he's like
it's bullshit
like you're done with that
so I was like
okay okay
last shot
so I last shot with it
like tired it
I haven't used it
since that round
what a way to go out though
for the spin
it had the Lindstrom
sandpaper finish
that's what was making it
so I'm not a golfer so what you're saying is when you're when you're in rough that thick when you're in rough
on fast greens like you hit there's the whole way to create spin on the ball is hitting out of the
fairway and down on it right and the ball creates spin off the club face but in the rough you're
just hacking it and it has no spin ever unless your club's named the spin doctor that you got
from a guy in 2000 you can replace the face on it.
So I had all the extra faces, like the diamond face, had the rubber face.
Do you still have it?
He was sharpening the grooves the night before the match.
Do you still have it in your basement?
Oh, yeah, I keep it around.
I throw it in the bag just for sentimental value.
Well, dude, I mean, we got anything else for this guy?
This is great.
Let me read the memo pad, see if we got here.
I got one.
When you go into a game in Philly, Sid,
do you get a little extra jacked up because of the history there?
And them peeing on your face?
Yeah, basically.
Hey, thanks.
That too.
Yeah, I think just, well, it's already in you
because when I first came in, those games were, there was fights.
It was just crazy intense.
I mean, they're still intense now, but there was just that level of anticipation when you're 18 years old and you're seeing
guys you know square off and go toe to toe it's just like there's a heightened awareness that
comes with that so I think those games kind of prepared me for what the rivalry was all about
and then it's just continued with you know play, playoff series and that kind of thing.
But I think you just get up for those games knowing it's going to be
a little bit more of a challenge with the crowd and with everything going on.
Definitely a great rivalry for sure.
I wrote down, what was the last book you read?
Hockey Dreams by Matt Christopher.
The 2010 Men's ice hockey Canadian team
run around book schedule.
Okay, stupid question.
Sorry about that one.
Did you ever have a job before hockey?
That's what I had written down.
Any summer jobs?
Just like landscaping.
Yeah, I worked hockey camps.
That was the best.
Yeah, that was nice.
I used to work hockey camps.
They're like, Sid, we need you to run the drills.
You can't set up drills for yourself in the corner. The kids are just staring at you nice i used to work hockey camps and um they're like say we need you to run the drills um you
can't set up drills for yourself in the corner the kids are just staring at you not doing anything
uh i want to talk about the contract a little too when you signed for what is it 8.7878787
like yeah i mean i think how lucky is pitt is Pittsburgh to get a hometown discount because this guy is like OCD times 20?
No, it's...
You know what, though?
It started...
What was the max when I signed my second?
I think it was 10.
I don't know.
I think it was 10.
I think it was 10.
Maybe 10 and a half.
And I remember, you know,
I was willing to take a little less,
but taking a little less doesn't work
if everyone else doesn't take a little less, you know?
So, you know, you look at, you know, I think Gino signed for less.
Tanger might have signed for less.
But Gino signed after you, and I'm like, I don't know if this guy,
I mean, Russians are Russians.
Three years Super League.
He still makes more than you, does he not?
He does, yeah, now.
Right, because he signed like one year after.
At first he signed after the new CBA.
But, yeah, like I was willing to do that.
And everyone else, I remember Cooney and Dupuis, they both signed for less.
I mean, Cooney had an unbelievable year that one year.
The lockout year or the half year.
And I think he could have made just for 4 million per year where he could have definitely gotten six.
He could have cashed in for sure, and he didn't.
So, I mean, I was willing to do that, and it worked out.
What was your initial impression of these two pack of heads
when you first met them?
Uh-oh.
This is going to be fun.
Well, Witt and I hit it off right away.
Yeah, we did.
He was just chirping all the time.
The bus rides with Witt, and who else?
Who was joining you, Witt?
Orp was always kind of like teeing me up for stuff oh yeah like the bus ride used to sit right
behind me and he'd just be carving like you didn't even want to like turn your head towards him
because he'd just be carving everyone people on the sidewalk guys on the bus like he was just
carving everyone all the time but it was it was great and one person would carve me and I'd flip out. Oh, jeez. You can't take it much?
Like super defensive.
But I remember hanging out with Biz in the training room in Pitt,
like shooting the shit a little bit.
But then I remember, like, what was it when
what happened that you got sent down and you were, like, pretty vocal about it?
Oh, okay.
So I think I've told this on the podcast before.
So my first year at pittsburgh's training camp i didn't really get much of a sniff got sent down right away to the ahl and that was
when terrian was coach he came down i played four exhibition games in in the ahl had four goals and
two assists well they just signed ryan Lannan, Noah Welch,
and all these other defensemen.
Oh, yeah, he's going to this, too.
And they're like, yeah, you're going down to the coast.
And I'm like, the coast?
I just fucking lit up your training camp,
and you're sending me to the coast?
And I'm 19 years old, and these college kids are like 30.
Who are these old dudes?
So I said, I was like, it was bullshit.
I didn't really get much of a sniff.
And that really upset the organization.
Well, then Shiro ended up coming in and replacing Craig Patrick.
And we didn't really have a great relationship.
And then I came to camp the next year,
and they said that we buried the hatchet and everything was going to be fine.
And I was supposed to dress the first inner squad game,
and I go in there, I'm fully dressed in my gear,
and Yosey's like, hey, here's the lineup for today's game.
I go look on it.
I wasn't in the lineup.
I'm putting all my gear on.
And as he put it up, I go, hey, Yosey,
maybe you guys could give me the heads up next time before I put my gear on.
They're like, who is this guy?
Yosey wanted to kill me.
And he fucking hated my guts
from that moment there
until I finally ended up
apologizing for it
a few years later.
But they ended up
sending me right down
to the coast,
not even to the AHL
training camp.
I'd fucked up a few times
in the meantime,
but then we buried
the hatchet.
I went from becoming
a defenseman to a forward,
fought 30 times
in the American League
and then the next
training camp, I believe, is the training camp.
Yeah.
I was on the training table acting like I was going to be captain.
No.
So I brought it up because I remember thinking, like,
he doesn't seem, like, disgruntled or upset or, like,
he's here having a good time.
Like, you know, there wasn't anything going on.
All the money was there.
You got to know he's happy he's getting that NHL per diem.
Everything seems pretty good here.
Then I made the team at a camp
and we ended up going over to Sweden
to start that year.
I was like, this is what the NHL is like.
Actually, one way to wrap is
because I get
shit on. People see my skates.
Look at your skates. Those are terrible.
Look at your body. You're so pale. Just tell tell everyone at home offside one-timer dude i did as good as we were talking
about this the other day with nate guys listen to this i told sidney crosby there's there's nobody
with the same side one-timer this guy had you saw it and thank you very much for joining the
spitting tickles five nobody nobody seriously like it was it's insane yeah well you just brought up i don't even like i don't even think you practice like no no mike
you gave me a couple and like my limp wristed uh curve the puck went in the corner and yozy goes
dude that's spot on the power play he's gonna find you every single game let's do this and get
you good at it and yozy would go out before practice with me and give me the pass where he
would pass it from and like over the course of three weeks i got like better and better and then
just started sniping because the passes kept coming from it was a pretty cool story of like
coaching helping you figure out what you need going out helping you figure out how to do it
and then him just giving these fucking on the tape perfect passes that i would yeah but even
when they weren't on and shell sometimes they weren't though like they're in your feet or like
ahead of you and i'd be like oh this, what's he going to do with this?
Is he going to stop it?
No, just one tee right in the back of that.
And that reminds me of early on when you were playing with him on the power play.
Sometimes you'd get frustrated because he would come to the bench
and he'd be explaining something, and you're like, Sid.
Oh, we used to tell you.
I told you that so much.
I'm like, Sid, I don't see the game like you.
Nobody sees the game like you.
Fucking lay off me.
I'm trying my best.
Oh, I'm bad for that, man.
I'm trying to get better.
Hey, buddy, that's just how it is for the best.
And that's why I only lasted six seconds with him.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, dude, this is unreal.
I mean, the fact you take the time for us is much appreciated.
So we wish you all the best luck on getting number four, man.
No, thanks, guys.
I appreciate it.
Thanks a lot.
Man, we had such a blast going up to Nova Scotia.
Huge thanks for Sidney and his little, the Robin to his Batman, Nathan McKinnon.
We had a blast hanging out with those guys.
So it was a blast in Nova Scotia and talking to those guys.
Big thanks once again to them.
Next up, we got a local lad, a city kid, a dot rat, Brendan Walsh.
This kid, come on.
I'm not sure too many of our listeners were familiar with him until they listened to him.
Let's just say they're very familiar with him now.
Without any further ado, let's send it over
to our pal Walsh.
We are now
joined by a very special guest.
I'm going to call him a local Boston
legend. People from around
here in the hockey world have always known this
guy in one way or another.
For me, he was older than
me i watched him play college hockey from dorchester born and raised brendan walsh thank
you for joining the podcast thank you for having me i am a super fan of the show i so i love it
people need to know that um you know we played against each other skated in the summers never
knew each other that well but enough you know the hockey world and i saw him at del frisco's this winter and i'm like great guy to run into you like oh story time
here we go and he's like wait i listen to chicklets i listen to all the episodes i love it i was like
dude you telling me you listen i feel like i've made it like that was just great here so i knew
right away i go he's coming on so today's finally come it's it's got awesome the stories that you
have all the guests you have
and the thing that makes it unique
it's just these small collections
stories that build upon
a season and then at the end
you just...
It's amazing. Yeah, it just ends up being perfect.
One thing we're noticing too is having on
no offense, no-namers.
That's fair.
He would have punched you 20 years ago.
Ryan Lannan came on
and the numbers were insane. Same with
Yipper. Yipper obviously played in the NHL
and he's Chinese.
They're unique stories
and really the lower profile
guys are allowed to let the stories fly a lot
more. We get on some NHL guys
now and it's just like, boy, no one's going to
care. There's all types of non-disclosure
agreements at the end of the season.
All types of non-disclosure agreements.
I think you're the first dot rat
we've had on the show, if I'm not mistaken.
Ah, the Hazes. Oh, that's right.
Oh yeah, that's right.
That's right. All right.
You take them as Charleston. That's okay.
Yeah, probably because I know their pops and stuff.
And yeah, you went to CM for high school, right?
Yep.
Get cracking in your career.
How old were you when you started skating?
Young kid?
I was young.
I think we all skated.
It's just a youth hockey.
Some of us tried.
Some of us tried.
So I was probably four or five, started skating.
And then I actually hated it.
We actually had this thing, which is a huge part of my life.
We used to have box at the J.P. McCamp post, right?
And it was like a chair, like a chair,
and your dads would be down there.
It was a McCamp post, and it was like a lightning rod.
It literally is a lightning rod for everything
from when I was like eight, nine years old.
I used to fight a kid who I work with now,
one of my really good friends.
I'd hate to say best friends
because he'd be like,
you said my best friend.
Best friend.
My best friend.
Complete hater.
Hates on everything.
And I would fight him in front of your dad,
like in front of our fathers.
Like Saturday morning instead of the game,
you'd be like,
all right, we're toe to toe.
Yeah, we'd be eight years old, nine years old.
I'd have a crazy eight is enough bowl cut, just hair slapping all over the place.
And we would fight.
And the thing about, and Fiz, you would know this, the thing that jams anybody up about a fight,
what do you know about yourself?
You've never been punched in the face before.
Sure.
And the other thing is it's not so much like, oh, this hurts.
I got a black eye. I got a bloody nose.
It's embarrassment.
How do you manage it? How can you go on
from it and say, all right, I got to pick myself up
and go on? So we have McCamp
Post and we have Dorchester Youth Hockey.
And Dorchester
Youth Hockey, super
ultra competitive. There's probably
30 guys
that play
Division I college hockey
from a small area. Less than a
square mile. Okay, so
my hometown, Welland, Ontario, there was
a four or five year period
of time where we had seven guys in the
NHL. That's crazy.
It's crazy when that stuff happens.
50,000 people. Well, it goes to show that same thing for all the guys that played
from Dorchester and your town,
when you grow up with great
kids to go against and competition
wise that are your friends, that's what
makes so many kids great athletes, I think.
Yep. And we had great people
surrounded in the game
and I went from
Dorchester youth hockey to,
and I was like a school-a-year program.
I did the prep school thing, Dexter, Cardigan Mountain.
You went to all those places?
I went to all of them.
Were you getting the boot?
No, no, no, no.
How did you fit in with all these rich kids, though?
Yeah, what the fuck?
You don't want to escape here.
I can picture you at Dexter just drilling some kid one day,
being like, shut the fuck up.
How did that go for you?
Dexter was good.
It was like guys like Salt and Stall and Levy Bird.
And I'm trying to think of one kid's name.
It'll come back to me halfway through it.
And you're going to be all over it.
You're going to be like, seriously, you've got to contain yourself.
So I did the whole prep school thing, and then I went to CM, and Kid Chris O'Sullivan,
one of my best friends, second round draft pick. Amazing hockey player.
Probably, like, if he played right now, he'd play right now.
He's a 6 million player.
Could move the puck.
Probably the most High end skill
I've ever seen
Very similar game
To Witt's I'd say right
Absolutely
Yeah but
Yeah but
Legit
I didn't come close
Skill wise
Cause if you were to skate
With Chris O'Sullivan
In the summer
I mean
He
How many NHL games
Did he play
He broke his neck
Yeah
Yeah he did break his neck
At BU
But I mean
This was like
An incredible player
High draft pick And he does things He did things with the puck that you're right nowadays with the game
the way it is it would be ended up in Calgary and then Sutter I think the Sutter was the coach had
him as a check-in line on the left yeah like that ain't gonna work craziness and he's like and he's
like but then again think of what you're doing in the NHL. Like, who are you going to beat out?
I'm thinking, who's the defenseman?
You're literally trying out for the number one.
Yeah.
Like, okay, you're going to beat out Marty McGinnis?
Not Marty McGinnis.
I'm defensive.
Sal McGinnis.
Oh, in Calgary, yeah.
In Calgary.
That's who you're going to beat out.
Okay?
And so you're going to St. John's.
You're not going to fill that role in the old NHL.
You're going to try out.
That's the spot. And if you can come up maybe in two, three years, it's your job.
It was like Marc-Andre Bergeron.
He came up and he actually won jobs as a power play specialist sometimes, but it was hard to do.
Actually, hey, Crystal Sullivan, I want to hear your version of the story when he shot the gun in the national title game or something.
Wasn't it for BU?
I was not there yet.
No, I wasn't there yet. Oh, okay. I didn't it for BU? I was not there yet. Were you our main already then?
No, I wasn't there yet.
Oh, okay.
I didn't forget it.
So that was before there.
I thought you guys were same year.
You did go to BU, but then you switched to university.
Yes.
Switched.
What's the story there?
Switched is in quotes.
And won a national title at the next spot.
Yes.
The thing, I live by a mantra. We can cut this. Don't worry, Walsh. That's okay. That's all what i i live by a mantra we can cut this don't worry well that's okay
that's all right i live by i want to hear that you never forget that i mean you never remember
the nights that you go and get like a 12 hour sleep and that has carried me through and that's
been kind of a thing and like hey guy was like hey we got something going over here at simmons
college at we at we luck we and when i went to BU, I was a 21-year-old freshman coming from the USHL.
You'd already partied.
You'd already lived there.
I was already there.
So when I got there, it was like Jay Pandolfo, Bobby LaChance, Chris Kelleher, Chris Drury.
When I got there.
They were seniors?
They were seniors.
But your age.
And I was older than them.
They were my age.
I was a freshman coming in.
And so I was like going to school with girls born in like 79 and 81.
It was crazy.
Can I see your ID before I take you home?
So when I went there, like I would go.
My first freshman year was fine.
And then, you know, I was staying out of the radar, right under the radar, kind of on it a little bit, under the radar.
First thing was I think Jack had me in, Parker had me in.
He's like, you didn't go to class.
And I'm like, well, I think I took a class off.
It's like College of General Studies.
It's like a class.
Yeah, it's like they call it like crayons, you know, glue and scissors.
It was like a school.
That's the school within the school of the athletes.
I'll probably get like some crazy letter from BU being like.
Oh, man, I talked about how we cheated at Harvard.
Oh, no, I think I should be good.
So then we go.
And then Jack's like, all right, well, did you miss this class?
And I'm like, yeah, but I mean, I made like a majority of them, but I missed this class.
He's like, okay, well, you're suspended.
I took the game suspension.
I was like, all right.
Then it was Monday night football, right?
And it just came back to Boston.
I think it was like, it was a Monday night football game for the Patriots.
We go out.
I take a bunch of guys out.
We all go out.
And then my night doesn't end.
I end up at Dad's Diner at like 3 in the morning.
So Mike Boyle was the strength and conditioning coach, had another guy who worked for him,
and he was bartending at the bar.
So I walk up, and I had a couple buddies with me, and I said,
Hey, give me three beers and three shots, and you didn't see me here.
And I'm like, Oh, cool.
I'm moonwalking back in.
I'm downstairs at Dad's Diner, an old
place. I think it's McGreevy's now.
So then Jack Parker comes in the locker room. He comes walking
in. He walks in. He bombs in. He goes,
Oh, red face.
He points at you.
He just points. Boom, boom. Get over here.
Getting hallway treatment. But he made a mistake.
What? He made a mistake. I was with some boys
on the team.
I come into the locker. I come into the locker.
I come into his office.
He had that, like, you remember that thing?
The little room.
Little room, little director's chairs.
It was kind of creepy.
And so I sat in there, and he's like, he goes, did you go out the other night?
And he had the rule, Saturday night only.
Yeah, we had one night a week.
One night a week.
You could only go Saturday night only.
So it could be Tuesday night, but he'd be like, tonight's Saturday night.
Tonight's Saturday night.
Exactly.
So that was Saturday night. So he's like Tuesday night, but he'd be like, tonight's Saturday night. Tonight's Saturday night. Exactly.
So that was Saturday night.
So he's like, did you go out on such and such? I was like, well, I mean, it was a Monday night football game.
And he said, who are you with?
And I was like, I go, what's my punishment?
Instantly.
I go, what's my punishment?
He goes, you're going to sit versus, I think it was like maybe North Dakota or someone else.
And I said, and he goes, now who are you with?
And I knew it was only one game because he already said it.
And I go, I was with nobody. knew it was only one game because he already said it and i go i was with nobody and he was like he overspoke he's probably gonna
get mad at me he overspoke and i was like oh you showed your hand i already knew the punishment
and i came back in the locker room and so guys are tying the skates of practice and they knew
kind of knew what it was it trickled through and guys were tying the skates and they were like
and i was like You guys are alright Yeah
I'll take that
I'll fall right in the grenade
I'll fall right in the grenade
I love that
And so
Then
We
The season goes on
So that was kind of strike two
And I had
And I
And I like
And I love Coach Parker
Not like
I loved him
We had a good
Relationship
It was like a cool hand Luke situation though
Like I was He's like You're gonna break before me Right And Yeah And I still We had a good relationship. It was like a cool hand Luke situation, though.
He's like, you're going to break before me, right?
Yeah.
And I still subscribe. You're not going to beat me, Brendan.
You're not going to ask a millennial.
Yeah, exactly.
And so, but I, you know, my thing was always have a good time.
And so I go out to, I play a game.
We play low.
I get a penalty.
And it's like this crazy penalty.
And the ref goes, oh, Jack, there's something happening.
And Jack was like, I get like a two and a ten.
Second period, two minutes slashing.
He hates those.
So the referee, I got the ten for him.
The ref goes, what did you do?
What did you say to the ref?
Jack said.
And I said, I go, I called him fucking. I said, did you say to the ref? Jack said, and I said,
I go,
I called him fucking,
I said,
did you see the fucking slash?
I went back,
I rim,
you know,
I elbowed the kid,
slashed him,
whatever I did.
I go,
you know,
and Jack goes,
what did you say to him
in the block room?
I said,
I called him a fucking cocksucker.
It was the worst call I ever saw.
And Jack was supposed to be like,
I thought he thought
that I was going to say,
like,
geez,
I didn't say anything.
I was like,
I'll tell you exactly what I said. I called him a fucking cocksucker. He fucking, the kid did this to me and I was getting to say, like, geez, I didn't say anything. I was like, I'll tell you exactly what I said.
I call him a fucking cocksucker.
The kid did this to me, and I was getting it.
And I'm getting the penalty.
And I'm getting the penalty.
Like, it's got to add up.
And Jack was like, that's it.
You're in Mookville.
Mookville.
Mookville.
Mookville, and I'll quickly go in.
Quickly go.
The next day after Saturday night, no matter what day it was, Sunday morning, you had a 20-mile bike.
Oh, fuck.
Dude, they would take an hour on the fucking airdynes, too.
Those airdynes only move if you move the arms and the legs.
They're hard as shit.
So you had to do that at what, 6 a.m. sometimes?
Yes.
So I didn't have the fan bike.
I had to get out and run down to Kenmore Square.
But I went out. I had a good time that
night. It was Saturday night though.
Right? I'm on a technicality.
It's still Saturday night.
So
I grew up with Chris Rooney, NHL
ref. Yep. Chica.
I love him. I think he's one of the best
refs. He doesn't. He's one of the best
refs. Number five, right? Number five. He doesn't He's one of the best refs Number five right Number five
He doesn't
It's either black or white
It's been like that
Since we carpooled
In school together
He doesn't deal in gray
He's like either right or wrong
Yep
That's what it is
And that's how he
And that's how he officiates
He actually
He actually officiated
Ref to all the games
In the USHL
There's no one
Who threw me out
Of more games
Than my best friend
Chris Rooney He was chucking you Out of the USHL Oh absolutely He's one who threw me out of more games than my best friend, Chris Rooney.
He was chucking you out of USHL? Oh, absolutely.
He's like, boy, stuff that I was thinking
about doing, I was like, oh, I'm
going to do this kid dirty.
This is going to be like an eight-second
wait while the kid passed to
come up the zone. I'm like, I'm going to smoke him. He'd come
in and somehow I'd get a penalty. He was like,
you were going to do something. I was like, I
was, but I hadn't done it yet.
That's how good of a ref he is.
That's how good.
Minority report.
So anyway, exactly.
My neighbor now.
Yeah.
So then I go to Chicka's house, Chris Rooney, and he has like a full-on bar.
And they had like a Chinese food buffet.
This is in Boston?
In South Boston.
So I go there.
He's got like 15 brothers, right?
I make a Chinese food plate and put a couple beers in my pocket.
And I get my cap back.
Head to Mookville.
I head to Mookville.
Chinese food.
Right?
So I go there.
Right?
I go there.
And it was kind of like, you know, it was my, I don't know what I was doing.
You had enough, kind of.
I had enough.
You were testing them. You were like, yeah, let's see if they're really going to actually fucking do something. I think so. And you had enough, kind of. I had enough. You were testing them.
You were like, yeah, let's see if they're really going to actually fucking do something.
I think so.
You see, you push the limits.
This is like a cathartic experience.
Yeah, you live off.
No, buddy, I'm the same way.
I wasn't.
Wow.
I was always so scared, like a little.
I didn't like authority when I was younger.
There was a big problem.
Look at all the trouble I got into when I was in Pittsburgh.
I didn't like authority.
And Walsh, you didn't like Mookville.
I didn't like Mookville.
So remember Gus at BU?
Yep.
Best guy.
I think he was like Albanian.
Albanian.
Albanian.
He was like an Albanian rink guy.
He was there.
Tried the Zamboni.
Yeah, he drove the Zamboni.
I think he lived under the Zamboni.
Yeah.
There was like a room that they had.
So I show up and I hadn't had anything.
I was like, all right, well, I'm just going to eat my Chinese food.
Gus is there at the rink.
I'm there at 530 for the six o'clock, where I have a beer.
I'm not going to say Gus had a beer.
And we eat the Chinese food.
So there was a graduate assistant coach.
Won't say his name.
Still in the biz.
He sees this whole thing.
I do the run.
I smoke it. And, like, I can go hair on fire. I do the run. I smoke it.
And like I can go hair on fire.
I played a majority of my career
with my hair on fire.
And make it to Kenmore Square,
bomb back.
I think I do like a mile
in like 730.
Just down to Kenmore.
Boom, boom.
Fly back and forth.
It was like, no.
I was going to say
that's not that good
unless they knew
you've been up all night
eating Chinese food. Exactly, yeah.
So I do that run
very quickly, come back,
and then Jack finds
out. It was like
my first deal into pro hockey.
I come in and
Mad Dog
Mike
D'Mella, he was the equipment manager at BU.
I come walking in like, everything's good. Mike DeMella. He was the equipment manager at BU. Great guy. I come walking in like, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
Everything's good.
I did my run.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
Mookville's over.
Mookville's over.
Back in.
Start the week.
And all my stuff is in a black garbage bag.
Oh.
And no, there's nothing in my stall.
And then I go out and I go, Mike, do you have my equipment?
Like, what's going on?
And so I go see Jack. Go see Jack. So I go, Mike, do you have my equipment? Like, what's going on? And so I go see Jack.
Go see Jack.
So I go see Jack.
And he's like, all right, three strikes, you're out.
That's it.
So then I went from very quick.
Damn, you got kicked out of BU.
Kicked out of BU.
But.
So you learn from it.
And so I had Grant Stanbrook.
Legendary recruiter of Maine.
Yes.
For people who don't know.
He found Penner.
Wow.
Yeah.
He found Dustin Penner. What about Teddy Purcell? Possibly people who don't know He found Penner Wow Yeah He found Dustin Penner
What about Teddy Purcell?
Possibly
I don't know for sure
But Grant Stanbrook
He used to find like
Incredible players
In like the
You know
Western Canada
It was just like
I think the best Grant Stanbrook
They used to call him
The Grey Ghost
Right
He'd be like
In like
Weyburn, Saskatchewan
Just like sitting at the glass
And then sitting up top
And then sitting in the middle
And I asked him one time I said why do you sit all the time?
He goes, I can see each level of the game.
I can see how fast the game is at the glass.
I can see from 30,000 feet from up top how guys can think about it.
And he's just ISO camming.
And so he would see that.
And he goes, I don't sit with anyone because I don't want anyone to cloud my opinion of what I'm looking at.
That's good.
Holy shit.
So he was the architect. Yeah, this guy found gems, dude. He was the architect of that 93 team. because I don't want anyone to cloud my opinion of what I'm looking at. That's good. Holy shit.
So he was the architect. Yeah, this guy found gems, dude.
He was the architect of that 93 team of, like, Jimmy Montgomery, Dallas coach,
100-plus years, Paul Correa, 100-plus years.
Cal Ingram.
And they won the national championship?
Yeah, Chris Ferraro, Peter Ferraro.
I think BU tied them that year.
Snowy and Donald the goalies?
Oh, they won every other game.
42-1-2
Oh they lost and tied
BU with two teams
Yep
Jesus
So you had to take a year off
Because of the transfer rule
Yes
Which is so fucking stupid
I'm sorry alright
Yep
I actually tried to
I tried to sue the NCAA
Did you really?
I tried to sue them
In the sense of
I tried to get a
There was like a technicality
For like girls volleyball Like for like girls' volleyball.
Like where like girls' volleyball at the varsity level or I think it was soccer.
Didn't have to.
You know what I mean?
But it was like  but that's what it is.
It's like big money.
So it's like girls were playing that.
Yeah, no.
Big, big, you know, big money people can transfer right over and not
It's like rich people that are playing that.
I think so.
Like those types of sports.
But  and now going to Maine though, the main thing being you had to figure out not only what you were going to do that year. It's like rich people That are playing that I think so Like those types of sports But And now
Going to Maine though
The main thing being
You had to figure out
Not only what you were
Going to do that year
But where you were
Then going to go
Oh dude
I was crazy
Ryan I was hat in hand
Sean Walsh right
I was hat in hand
I was like crazy
I was like
But Maine's a good team
Where I would have said
Honestly like
For the most part
If a kid gets kicked
Out of BU
Like I'm not trying
To dog any teams But he he ends up at Lowell.
Maine, not to say it was a great school, but they were such a good team that they may not take on somebody who got kicked out of BU.
But he just obviously loved your game.
So I had Grant at the U.S. Olympic Festival.
And the year before, I went to BU, and I played on that national team, which is, we could do two hours on that.
It was awesome.
And so I go from BU, so I go and literally, I talk to Michigan, Michigan State, BC.
I talk to Cav, Boston College, and it's like literally like hat in hand.
Hat in hand.
Hat in hand.
Like this is me making calls.
Yeah.
And like death of a salesman. I'm like, hey, geez. Willie Loman. Like Willie L is me making calls. And like, death of a salesman.
I'm like, hey, geez.
Willie Loman.
Like, Willie Loman's like, hey, what do you got?
You know what I mean?
You remember seeing me?
I used to be a good player.
Remember when you talked to me?
I used to be unbelievable.
The Chinese food over and done now.
I quit it.
I totally grew up two months ago.
I really grew up.
I've grown so much two weeks ago.
Okay, so did any of those teams ever offer money?
So I couldn't take the money, right?
Because I'm not a scholarship athlete, right?
So I have to sit out.
So this is unbelievable.
So I call Grant.
I'm like, Grant, I got nothing.
What do you got?
He's like, what are you doing right now? I'm like, I don't know. I What do you got? He's like, what are you doing right now?
I'm like, I don't know.
I'm just sitting here.
He's like, why don't you come up for the game?
We're playing, I think they were playing Boston College or Lowell, another hockey's team, Maine was.
And, you know, they had just come off NCAA sanctions from the national championship team in 93 and 94 and 95.
All the kind of sanctions.
Some issues that arose.
They had some issues. And I was like, I mean, it's like three and 94 and 95. They had some issues.
And I was like,
I mean, it's like three and a half hours.
He's like, yeah, get in your car and come right now.
I have nothing going on. So I'm like,
what am I going to say? Like, oh, I'm just kind of comfy here. I don't know. I got in
the car. I drove up.
Would you wear a suit? No chance.
No, no chance. So I drove up
by myself and bomb up three and a half hours from Dorchester.
I go talk to Sean Walsh after the game.
They had smoked whoever they play.
I remember he came in and he just, one of the greatest coaches.
Literally the greatest coach.
You said he was the best coach you ever played for, right?
Best coach I ever played for.
Absolutely.
He was way, and I think, I talked to him.
I said, why don't you go to, have you thought about going to the NHL? He goes, there have been some talks before. But he was waiting. And I think I talked to him. I said, why don't you go to like, have you thought about going to the NHL?
And he goes, there have been some talks before.
But he was smart.
He was like, whether it would happen or not, he was like, I'm not doing it unless I'm an assistant GM and the coach.
I'm getting the groceries and I'm going to try to do it.
He's not.
I'm not taking other people's, you know, other people.
He's picking the guys for me.
And he's like, I'm not coaching guys. I don't want to coach from watching before i make that makes a lot of
sense so he was holding out for that and he had a great deal at maine but when i say like i went up
there and i talked to him and he was like he came in he always had like a um uh like a you know like
a piece of paper or something no no like a notepad notepad thank you he came in he slammed it down
he's like we're gonna get it going here, Walsh.
Are you going to come in?
I'll tell you right now.
We're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
These are the players.
This is where I have you.
He just played.
He already had me inserted in the lineup for two years out with recruiting charts.
And I was like, I'm coming here.
And I literally drove the next exit down on 95.
And I called my mom from a pay phone.
And I was like, Mom, I made my decision.
I'm going to go to Maine.
Wow.
That's fucking awesome.
He was unbelievable.
He was so enthusiastic about it where he looked you in the eyes, and you're like, man, this
guy just sold me the dream.
So, Biz, when I say video, no one did video like this.
And this is what I thought.
Like Glenn Patrick? Yeah, Glenn. We told a story. did video like this like and how is it and this is what i thought he made glenn patrick yeah we
told a story glenn patrick would wheel in the vhs thing like you would yeah yeah yeah i'm sorry to
interrupt you no no no and then he he threw in the vhs and because we played so bad the game before
and he made us watch uh the first two periods with like no chop video no i just like
waiting out the whistles the slow changes like you know there's no five tom grace's breakdown
in the second third jimmy moorlock would come in so so good back to the how this guy would break
a video no so it would be and you would have a clipboard, and you'd have all these people breaking this stuff down, like graduate assistants and people who would be chances for, chances against, hits and turnovers, likes and dislikes, first three minutes, last three minutes.
And it would be like all charts.
You would go down, and it would be like 1358.
So like chances for, chance against.
I remember Dan Kerlock, who I played with, had a hat trick.
He was three chances for and nine against.
And he fucking gave it to him.
He was like, I can get fucking guys to score goals.
I don't need you to score goals.
I can't have goals against.
Later on, it's going to matter.
So this guy was at the forefront of analytics.
Absolutely.
Wow.
Absolutely.
We used to have, we won a national title.
In Anaheim, right?
In Anaheim.
Against UNH, I remember watching that game.
And we had different four checks, right, with guys.
You'd have to go and look at your D partners, and the D would have to see who it was, whether
it was like 1-2-2 or two men hard.
Depending on the line up there.
Depending on the line up there.
Not depending on the line, just look.
I already had, like I was 1-2-2,
be like center over D.
So the other team would be with each different line.
Yeah, it's difficult.
And so the other teams would be like,
what the fuck is going on?
Is it two men or is it one man?
What's going on?
Right, and for those listening,
if you want to run like a 1-2-2,
that's a common forecheck.
That's a very...
Passive.
Very passive.
That's kind of like New Jersey Devil style.
Or you do it where you do the press,
where the D-man pinch and the centerman's
always in support of the strong side defenseman.
He knew who on the team you're playing against
couldn't handle what pretty much,
or he thought he knew at least.
He would take an inventory.
For me, my whole career, I'm F1.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, kamikaze.
Kamikaze, blow it up.
But like some other guys, we had guys who did different types of style.
We had some Euro guys who were like, all right, played on Olympic sheets.
They were like, all right, we'll wait this out.
Pick something off, maybe.
We used to, in Wilkes-Barre,
I don't know if it was Todd Richards or Dan Balsma,
but very similar in a sense where sometimes he would call out
based on the team we were playing.
First 10 minutes of the first period,
we're playing full court press on four checks.
I love it.
And just to kind of put them on their heels.
And sometimes we'd bank a few early just because we had good teams.
And then halfway through, you'd be like,
all right, boys, we're easing off.
We're going back to the 1-2-2.
And he'd call it on the bench.
And I thought it was cool.
I'm like, yeah, it's throwing the other team off.
You're bringing it to the level where each different line had a different one.
Yeah, I mean, the other teams probably think they're going going crazy before we move on from maine i wanted to know
is there like the first game against bu do you remember that or did you make i remember the i
remember one of the last games okay i i knew you must have had one where it was we had one where
you're yelling at parker i'm sure no no it was it no, it was unbelievable. So now it's kind of wrapping up my career.
I played them a bunch.
DPH was in net.
And so actually the year I sat out very quickly,
and he was like, listen, the NCAA thing is not going to happen for you.
You're sitting out.
He's sitting out.
And I was like, all right.
I played all the preseason games.
So he was like, listen, you're part of it.
So I was like, you know, I was like Julie McCoy, love boat.
Like recruiting coordinator.
I brought Barrett Heiston.
Barrett Heiston, first round draft pick.
Alaska, Bazzo.
From the U.S. National Program.
Yep.
Tricky Nicky Dimitrakos.
That's so cool that he made you feel a part of it in regards to where, like, you were picking potential teammates.
Yes. Doug Janik. Doug, Dougie Janik. Played with him. made you feel a part of it in in regards to where like you were picking potential teammates yes
so doug janik doug dougie janik played with him hey nico was and that's kind of a kind of a nice
thing for you i don't know if it's part of the reason why you got involved in hockey media after
you were done playing but it gives you a different perspective like all of a sudden you're just a guy
worrying about yourself and like now you're you're like damn i think maybe this guy could help us out
because i really like his game and now you're watching him damn, I think maybe this guy could help us out because I really like his game.
And now you're watching him play.
No, it was good. So we'd have all these guys.
These guys in Wall Street come in and give me like the crazy
backstory. Remember Jeff Jilson?
Oh, yeah. So we had Jeff Jilson.
He ended up in Michigan.
He ended up in Michigan, but he was like National
Development Program kid too, right?
Was he in the OHL?
I can't remember.
Oh, no, yeah, he was US National Program.
I think he was part of like Mount St. Charles before and all that.
So he comes in and Walsh, he's like, all right.
So he's like, here's the deal.
We're going to have dinner at his house.
We go have dinner.
Walsh, he's cooking steaks out in the grill.
There's people like in the house.
Steve Korea is with me.
Oh, no way. Steve as in Paul's brother?
Yes
Yeah I played an exhibition game against him
When he was in Long Island
And he absolutely walked me
The exhibition game was played in Wheeling, West Virginia
Oh Jesus
Yeah that was a tough one
Sorry to interrupt you
So you guys were at this cookout here
So we have a little cookout And he's like like, so Walsh, he's like,
hey, Brandon, why don't you come outside and talk to me?
So we go to, like, the grill.
It's like total suburbia where Walsh was.
So he comes in.
He's like, all right, here's the deal.
You're going to, we're going to talk about the stats,
where we see him in the future, a power play.
Steve's going to probably bring in some of the stuff,
what we're doing on the power play.
But, like, this was, like, next level're doing on the power play. But this was like next
level, like the warm and fuzzies this
kid was feeling. And he's like, all right, Brendan,
this kid's a forestry major.
Then you insert the forestry
and gave me some backstory on the forestry
thing. And I'm like, I'm from
fucking Dorchester. We don't even have fucking
trees. He's like,
all right, well, let's just move on. We'll move on for that.
He was like, next thing, next thing, all right, well, let's just move on. We'll move on from that. He was like, next, next thing, next thing, next thing, next thing.
And so we didn't actually get Jilly, but great player.
But Walshie, tremendous.
So we could go on for so long, but like we still haven't even gotten to pro hockey.
But before we get there, the one thing I had written down and I'd heard from a bunch of
people is go back quickly to the USHL days and an incident in
Dubuque that went down.
So for people who don't know
that we haven't brought up yet, this guy
was a real motherfucker to
play against. You were just a dirty
hard-nosed little rat.
And it was like you took honor in it. So I'm assuming
something had happened in the game that led up to this issue
in Dubuque. So I,
USHL was a great league.
And so I ended up at the end of the season.
And I remember being in Dubuque.
And they have stands on one side.
And there was like three seconds left in the game.
Like three seconds left.
And I remember this kid.
I think it was Dwyer.
Dwyer, big, big, big kid, tall.
And he just wants to get into it. We had won the game. And like right in my face he's like let's do it let's do it i just looked
at him he's like let's go let's do it i just look at him i'm like i'm exhausted just killed a penalty
and i i remembered that i just looked at him i was like no just drop him just cross check him
kind of near the head area right So in the nose-ish.
Yes.
And so he drops, and I just step over him.
Game's over.
Don't even tap the goalie.
Open the gate, and we walk out.
End the game with a cross-check to the face.
Cross-check, like, boom.
Rep's like, what just happened?
I was like, all right, I'm going to leave now.
See you later.
And so we leave.
So I'm going.
We go into the thing.
So there's a tunnel where you have to go and get to the bus.
And it's like same thing in any rank candidate.
You go to the bus, the stick bag, the whole thing.
So I'm carrying my bag out to the fucking bus.
And so I see what I think is the Dwyer family just standing there.
And there's a whole group of people just sitting there like waiting on  they're like, oh, there's Walsh.
Like, you know, it's like a small town.
So I'm sitting there and there's like a tall one, a medium-sized one, which I think  I don't even know to this day.
I thought it may have been his brother.
Could have been 15 years old 16 years old
so I'm sitting there and I'm
walking out of the rink
and I'm just waiting I'm like I'm gonna get it
I'm like this is like I'm walking through
the fire yeah I'm walking
through the fire someone's just gonna like
either hit me with a bottle or hit me with something
this is gonna get crazy all of a sudden
I get I'm like I'm just waiting
I'm just waiting and I'm a lefty biz
Keep that for later
So
I go
And I get pushed
And I just turn around
And the bag's on my right
And I use the weight
For my bag
I'm like
I go to smoke
I go to smoke
And I was like
I think
And to this day
I still don't know
There was like a kid
Who was like 15, 16
Had like
The other kid
Who I went to go hit
Who hit me Was like see you later boom extra starch on the 15 16 year old right just the kid
oh right right extra scotch and i was like oh my and so now i just look up right the kid's just
like you could eye in him, eye in a board.
I'm like, eye in a shirt under this kid.
I'm sitting there, and then I get stomped.
Oh, by all of us.
I was like a turtle on my back.
I couldn't get my strap off my bag.
I was like, I rolled over to the side.
It was crazy.
Jesus Christ, man.
It was crazy.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
All right.
It was nuts.
So I'm glad we asked about that one.
So, all right.
So main end, win a national title.
Incredible, incredible way to end the college career.
What's first step in pro hockey?
Where did you get a look?
Undrafted, no, I shouldn't say that.
Free agent signing.
After winning it all.
Because these are the things that we need.
I get some NHL guys like, obviously you're not drafted. Obviously
you're a piece of shit. Obviously
you're a fucking rat. Obviously
your game sucks. Obviously you're
able to carve out a niche in this little
shitty career. I was just petrified
in summer league. I had to see him
in summer league. I was just scared.
What's negative?
Free agent
signing, UFA. How did that all go down and where was that? Oh, my God. You got to trust me. All right, free agent signing, UFA.
How did that all go down, and where was that?
Minnesota Wild.
Okay.
Minnesota Wild, the first year of that program.
And believe me, I'll tell you what, it wasn't like the Vegas Knights in Marble Season.
Minnesota Wild that year.
No.
That was the time, and there's nothing against, like, and I know what my game is.
There's zero ego, right?
I'm just telling you, you want to know what I'm thinking?
So I go to that camp, like Scott Pellerin, great player, main hockey guy.
Kriva Krasov.
There was, like, Darby Hendrickson.
There were guys there.
Was Wes Walsh there then?
Wes Walsh, yes.
Sean O'Donnell.
Sean O'Donnell.
He got there late.
He wasn't too happy.
That's a story for another day
You get picked up
Late, late, late
That's not who you want
To get picked up by that year
Scary man
Scary
Like eyes like a Mako
Yeah, yeah
Just look at him
You're like
Jesus
Like a doll's eyes
I'm like, yeah
And you look at him
I'm like
So we go to camp there
And I looked at that camp
And I was like
That was the only time I went to camp And it was kind of like Freewhe looked at that camp And I was like That was the only time
I went to camp
And it was kind of like
Freewheeling going around
And I was like
This is the NHL
And I'm not bashing anyone
It just wasn't
Oh it wasn't what
I went to Pittsburgh's camp
And it was like
Myra Lemieux
Straka
Lang
Kovalev
Darius Kasparaitis
I was like fantasy camp
Yeah it's way different
Than a first year
Like who is everyone
Yeah
I was like
Hey nice to meet you
Hello my name is Brendan Walsh.
And if you go against me in a drill, I'm probably like, dummy you.
What's the John Brophy story?
Oh, fuck.
So I get sent down to...
He's a legendary...
Awesome.
AHL, ECHL coach.
Yes.
He did it forever.
Real quick, real quick on the Minnesota Wild thing.
I go to camp.
They're like, there's no fighting in camp.
There's no fighting in camp.
And so I'm like, I'm sitting there.
I had like some college kid like burn me for a minus.
And like I go and the kid scores, torches me.
So I line back up.
I'm like, Jesus Christ, I'm rattled.
And the kid is like, these are college kids.
It was like we went to Duluth or something.
And I sat there and I was like, line up with the face off.
The kid's like, bumps into me.
And I was like, I just looked at him and I was like, and I looked at him and I was like,
there's, the kid's like, I grabbed him right when the face off.
The kid goes, there's no fighting.
I go, oh, there's fucking fighting now.
And I don't give a fuck.
And then it started from that fight, like lasted. And then Shane oh, there's fucking fighting now. And I don't give a fuck. And then it started.
From that fight, it lasted.
And then Shane Kenny, OHL kid.
You know Shane Kenny? No.
OHL kid. He ends up smoking, marrying
Gaborik in an inter-squad game.
Oh, a gabric. He started a whole
Gaborik? No, Gaborik.
You love the fact that you
fucked up, so you have to be the guy.
Well, I mean, if you're going to correct Witt on the, you know, you weren't drafted as opposed to you were a free agent signing.
I have thick skin.
I have thick skin.
Gaborik ain't getting the fucking Gaborik name.
Can I say it?
What is it?
Gaborik?
Gabarik?
Gabarik.
Either way, he got smoked because you started the brawl camp.
And so he goes out and gets smoked by this kid from the OHL. I think it was OHL. Shane Kenney. Super tough kid. Great kid in camp. And so he goes out and gets smoked by this kid from the OHL.
I think it was OHL.
Shane Kenney.
Super tough kid.
Great kid in camp.
And this kid just freight trains.
And I was like, I don't even know how this whole pro hockey thing works.
And I was like, that ain't good.
That guy's not supposed to be injured.
That guy's not supposed to get blown up.
Blue line.
And so I go.
I change some kid.
And I go out.
I go 100 miles on my own trombley
was my coach and he's like i don't know if you want to do that as i left the bench i'm like i
think i'm gonna be okay and i just went over there i had a great fight you know no winners no losers
it's all good shit and i end up hammering dropping them and then i get back to the bench and and
trombley and i'm like i've watched him you know with montreal canadiens awesome and he was like
you gotta be from boston and i was like, you've got to be from Boston.
And I was like, yeah, yeah, what do you mean?
What makes you say that?
Yeah, they told us no fighting at training camp in Pittsburgh one year,
and me and Carcillo went at it for a CineSquad game.
I walked in the rink.
It was 8.30 in the morning, and they were center ice toe-to-toe.
I was like, it's 8.30 in the morning.
I love those early fight camp stories where
there's just sparks.
Sparks going off people's hands. I was like petrified.
I'm like, please nobody do anything to me. I was
at a point in my career where
as you get older and your body gets
a little more banged up, it takes
a lot to get you warm and you don't really
want to be competing at that time of the morning.
But I knew one speed.
I couldn't just play a tummy stick game in NHL training camp.
I was there to try to make a team, as stupid as that sounds,
as naive as that is.
No, you wake up every day.
You're like, today's the day.
Now, saying that, I ended up almost making the team
as an 18-year-old defenseman that year.
I was the last cut.
Did you, like even younger, CM, obviously USGL, you were always just be like, I'm just
going to piss everyone off.
Yeah.
Like that's just how you were always out there.
I think where we grew up, like the neighborhood that I grew up in and I was able to dance
between South Dorchester and South Boston and, you know, the kids that I grew up with
playing with, hanging out with, all incredible ball breakers.
Like, you can't fake the funk.
You will get scorched.
But it's like people don't understand.
To keep you honest.
To keep you honest.
To be fucking honest.
The Boston part of this podcast, it's really, I've brought up before that you go away and it's like, if I'm not chirping you, I don't like you.
Yes.
Like, this is no, but it's just like that here all the time.
Yes.
Back to brof.
Yeah, let's tell that brof-y story with coffee.
I go to Whaling after I was in Pittsburgh's camp, which is awesome.
Real quick on the Pittsburgh camp, I've never seen anything like it.
They had, Halinka was the coach coach and i got stuck into the first practice
group so it's like once the camp kind of broke and it was right before it went to wilkes-barre
so i'm with like it's mario lemieux it struck there was like maybe three guys who weren't on
the team who just didn't want to go and golf later so they just went to the late like skated
later practice and the practice was uh was Rich Keough? Yeah Yep
So he's
And Link is running the practice
And the practice biz
These practices weren't built for guys like you and me
This is like
Everyone's 100 miles an hour
Where the last guy in line
Right
Has got to do something in the drill
Which I hate those drills
Oh we always got to pay attention
You got to pay attention
You're like alright Jesus Christ
I forgot that
I'm like back and, back and forth.
You know?
And so it's like, you know, if you're the poster child for Ritalin, these practices
aren't built for you.
You're like, oh, my God, this is great.
But I remember that.
Yeah, like pucks are hitting you in the back and you're like, wake the fuck up.
Wake the fuck up in life.
No, it's not that.
So every time you just go right to the middle of the line?
Right to the middle of the line.
I was like, I'll never forget.
We start the practice.
It was like fucking Canadian Olympic drill, right?
It's like, guys, people at home, it's like,
Oh, Canada Cup?
Canada Cup.
Just crazy, like, flow drill.
It ain't that fucking crazy.
Even I can put up with that one.
But I'm saying the speed.
The speed.
Like, these are the ones.
And I'll never forget.
I was never, like, more emasculated.ated stracca was like running on his skates just like running never stick down so i'm
like and i'm just like now everyone's kind of looking because now it's all it's the one pass
and then the other guys in the past but you have they're waiting 24 guys behind you being like
let me see if this guy snaps it tape to tape. I just lay it out there.
So he could not skate into it.
It wasn't even good, so he's
got to kick it up. So he's like,
and I'm like,
that was my chance.
He kicks it up and looks
back at me and laughs.
When you're the new guy
or the no-namer in camp,
whereas if you're on the team
for four or five years and you miss one the guys make fun of you and you're like haha i'm on a one
way i'll see you tomorrow yeah yeah you're not you're just when you're on a three-way and you
know at the point you're going to whaling at some point during this adventure like yeah so we so i
anyway that practice goes and i've never seen anything like it.
We go for like 38 minutes.
Everyone's moving and grooving.
Everyone's flying.
And so they go to the board to like do some drills, and there was like a pause at the board.
And Mario Lemieux was there.
I'll say Mario.
Mario goes, and the Hellenic goes to do it, Mario goes I think we're good Calls the practice
He owns the team
Calls the practice
Okay so
It's over
It's over
He goes alright let's go
That's a good skate guys
So I
Hold on
I try to slide out
Like right
It's like me and three other guys
Who are like
East Coast League guys
In this group
We're done
I'm like alright cool
And like
Like um
Keo was like
I think we're done guys
Great job Good job guys Let's go get a skate And they're like Alright we got a tee time See you later Bye And then I'm like alright cool and like Keo was like I think we're done guys great job
good job guys
let's go get a skate
and they're like
alright we got a tee time
see you later bye
and then I'm like
Joey Mullen's like
where the fuck
do you think you're going
and I'm like
no I mean
just practice his hope
he's like
fucking dagging
let's go
not for you it is
I've told a story
on the podcast
before
it was my first
NHL training camp
with Pittsburgh
and I was in
Mario's group
that's when he came back and Eddie Olchek was the coach and that was his first NHL training camp with Pittsburgh and I was in Mario's group that's when
he came back and Eddie Olchek was a coach and that was his first year as head coach and I was in
somehow in that group and um every every time that you were the team that wasn't playing in the
inter-squad game because there was three teams you would bag skate after yep well Eddie Olchek's
like hey boys great practice today we're just gonna end it off
with a skate and then you hear like a little whistle and and i look over as well as everyone
else does and it was mario and and he he just gives her one of these like like nah nah we
and it's very similar to your story eddie's like okay boys have a great day and they must have had
a tea time yeah yeah and and i was like what what i've, have a great day. And they must have had a tea time. Yeah, yeah. And I was like, what?
What?
I've never seen a player just tell the coach, yo, we ain't bank skiing.
It's over.
Yeah.
So it's done.
That's a humbling experience.
So how does this lead to Brophy?
You brought up Brophy.
Oh, so I go to Wheeling.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
You want to talk about the training camp.
I go down to Wheeling.
I see Broph.
I meet the guy.
He's a legend.
Complete, complete legend. He's out of his mind. Out see Brof. I meet the guy. He's a legend. Complete, complete legend.
He's out of his mind.
Out of his mind.
Like old school.
Old school.
Like R-Pod Mahaly.
One drill.
One drill.
For the whole practice.
Yeah.
R-Pod Mahaly told me that they weren't playing great at one point.
R-Pod had a ton of skill.
Ton of skill.
He could skate like the wind.
R-Pod Mahaly was.
Great guy coming off the bus. No word of a lie. skill ton of skill he could skate like the wind our pad Mahaly great guy coming off the bus
no word of a lie
no word of a lie
one of the more handsome guys
I've ever played with
one of the best
practice players
I've ever seen
yes
my entire fucking life
I was like
how is this guy
not in the fucking NHL
I said the same thing
and he's actually still playing
I think he's playing
over in Romania
which was where he was from
super nice guy but he told me he goes dude I never he's playing over in Romania, which was where he was from.
Super nice game. But he told me, he goes, dude, I never had Brophy.
He goes, man, that guy would bag skate us in pregame skate.
Like, line it up.
Yeah.
Back and over and back.
Like, what?
Over and back.
Like, that's just how old school.
My first game, I get down to wheeling late.
I'm, like, completely sour.
I was like, geez, I really wanted to make that Wilkes-Barre.
I mean, up in Wilkes-Barre
But they're like
Alright it's a contractual thing
It's gonna shake out
You're gonna be right back up
Grind it out here
Yep grind it out
So I go down
So their season already started
So I'm lined up
And I'm in a dark place
I practiced once
That crazy like over and back
I'm like what is going on
Moved into a double wide trailer
I was like what the fuck
It literally like outside my house
Can't be back to Orono It was the double wide trailer. I was like, what the fuck? It literally like outside my house.
It was the trucks like downshifting outside
the double wide trailer.
I lived with Kurt Drummond and Dylan Geary.
And so we go to this
thing. I see Shaw. So I would go play Toledo.
I look over this kid, this kid
Maltby who I fought a bunch. Oh God, you're playing
in the old Toledo bar. barn No we're at the wheel
Oh okay sorry
We're in Wheeling
So I go over there
And I go there
I think I get
To start the game
Don't even really talk to him
Two
Five
Ten
Into the penalty box
You got this first shift
First like
To start the game
I was like
I'm just pissed I'm here
Like whatever
I get into this thing I had fought this kid before two five get a misconduct 17 yeah 17 minutes right
you're there for the entire first period first period i get out like a minute and a half two
minutes left right i get out of the thing i walk out i'm like all right there's no fucking possible
way in my mind is this guy gonna put me back on the ice? He's like,
good job!
And I was like, what?
He's so drawn. Now I'm like,
I've been sitting there. I've untied my skates. I put my belt, tied my belt
back. I was like, give me one second. Let me get dressed.
And so I went back
out there. They liked the thing, but that was
broke. So then we go, we play.
He rewarded you for being a psychopath.
Complete psychopath. So we go to Reading. and they just built this building in Reading.
And the craziest, brof stories I ever had.
So we go to Reading, and it's like one of those games you come off the bus,
and all of a sudden you're like, everyone's like, Jesus, this is crazy.
All of a sudden it's like 3-0 in the first period.
What is going on? Like, this is crazy. All of a sudden, it's like 3-0 in the first period. What is going on?
It's crazy.
So in between the first and second period, he comes in.
I'm like, I got to wake up.
So I go over and get this coffee.
And the coffee that I go to pour this coffee.
And it literally, it's like, Jesus, this is like fucking hot lava.
I'm like, that's hot.
That's hot.
And then I'm waiting for Brofe. Brofe comes in, kicks the door open, comes lava. I'm like, that's hot. That's hot. And then I'm waiting for Brofe.
Brofe comes in, kicks the door open, comes in.
He's like, ah.
So he goes over and pours the coffee, like pours the coffee.
But I'm drinking this hot coffee waiting for this verbal barrage to happen.
I'm like waiting for it.
He's like, the air is getting sucked out of the room before he's like,
we're going to do this, we're going to do that.
So I'm drinking.
I can't even drink the coffee and I'm watching
so I'm in a different place mentally.
I'm just watching the coffee in Brophy's hand.
He doesn't know how hot it is.
It's fucking scalding.
It's like Indiana Jones pouring off
the lava skin.
I'm sitting there
and the coffee's burning. I'm just sitting there like
Jesus, look at Brophy's hand. This is's burning. I'm just sitting there like, Jesus, this is fucking, look at Bro Sam.
This is crazy.
And he's like, he goes in.
He's like, we're going to get it deep.
We're going to get it high.
We're going to cycle, cycle, cycle.
Get it over the line.
Get it in.
And then we're going to get shots in the net.
Get shots in the net.
We're going to crash the net.
And all of a sudden, this guy comes in, right?
The guy comes in.
He goes, fucking five minutes.
Like right out of Newsies.
We don't have a Datronics clock. There's no clock there. So the guy comes in. They come in and tell you. The guy comes in. goes fucking five minutes like right out of news we don't have a
daytronics clock there's no clock there so the guy comes in and tell you the guy's comes he's
like five minutes and bro's like get the fuck out of here coffee in his hand so i'm like i'm just
sitting i'm like all right this is just taking a weird turn and so i'm like i still can't drink
the coffee this is literally him yelling it's still hot 17 minutes of this fucking just him
giving it to us
He goes in
The kid's like three minutes
Like four minutes
And the guy's like I told you to get out of here
And then after that we're gonna be in there
We're gonna protect the net
The kid comes in a minute later
He's like three minutes
And the fucking broof goes I said
Hits the kid with a fucking coffee
Hits the coffee in the chest with a fucking coffee and he throws
hits the coffee in the chest
fucking heels like I know you get out of here
he was like you heard Sturridge broke
he was the most genuine guy nicest guy
and he was genuine
I'm not trying to beat on the guy
hit this guy with a cup of coffee
the door shuts the kid's like
behind the door
it's crazy it's nuts The kid's like, ah, behind the door. Ah! It's a shrine.
It's crazy.
So the kid's nuts.
So then all of a sudden, we got to go on the ice.
And the door opens.
The kid's half picking them up.
And people are like, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
And so I step over the kid.
I'm like, all right, we got to go.
And we're all half stepping over this kid.
Gameplay is second.
We tie it up
I thought Ryan Flynn
ended up getting
kicked out of the game
and then
I think it was
yeah Flenny
and then
I get kicked out of the game
it's not over
we go on the bus
I'm like where's Brove
we can't find him
where's Brove
we go mobile on the run
around the corner
the police had come
it's like slap shot
police had come
try to find out where Brove was we picked him up at mobile on the run around the corner. The police had come. It's like Slapshot. Police had come trying to find out where Rolf was.
We picked him up at Mobile on the Run.
He left the building.
Left the building.
We picked him up at Mobile on the Run.
And then nothing ever came of it.
He knew.
He's like, I got to get out of this barn.
I got to get out of here.
Like he knew.
He coached a great game.
We came back.
We got a tie.
And then he knew it was coming and he left the ring.
He saw the fire trucks there helping the burn victim.
Thank you.
Let me do one more quick one.
Nice.
Okay, your last season, Low Lock Months is one game.
Did you play it and realize that was it?
You were done?
Did you get hurt?
What was the story with that?
No, I was coaching.
This is an amazing story.
Keith McCoy is playing for Lowell.
Joel Rulier played for Manchester, right?
And so Joel Rulier was played for Manchester. Right? And so Joe Rullier
was torturing them.
Right?
Like Lowell,
they had all college kids.
It was like Brian Yandel
was on the team.
They had a bunch of guys
on the team.
I know this story.
Yeah, so a bunch of kids
on the team.
So Tom Rowe
and Keith O'Coin
call me while I'm in the office
coaching at Northeastern.
They said,
hey, can you come back
and play?
And I was in good shape.
I tried to keep myself in shape, just like yourself is.
Tried to stay lean, ready to go.
Yeah, you're not that pudgy.
You look good.
The old dad bod.
So I didn't have dad bod.
So I was like, yeah, I'm in.
I'm in.
I'll go do it.
But I had previous fights with Joe Roulier,
which my favorite thing with Joe was I had some guys who are in Manchester who knew him.
And I know this isn't anything against him.
I just like, you know, those guys.
I'm like, you take up a lot of oxygen in a room.
And the guys are like, all right.
I was like, what's a Stuart Roulier?
You know, I talked to my buddies on the team.
We weren't any nameless.
I don't want to blow them up.
And so they're like, ah, this is how he is.
This is how he is.
But he's a good guy. Great guy. But I'm getting ammo. So I was't want to blow them up. And so they're like, ah, this is how he is. This is how he is, this thing.
But he's a good guy.
You're getting ammo.
But I'm getting ammo.
So I was like, all right, good.
So we go to Manchester.
It's like while I was playing in Providence.
We're stretching out at the Red Line.
Joe comes over.
It's like Cam O'Leary, Dougie Nolan, a couple other guys just sitting there. And I'm like, hey, guys, we're stretching out, talking about something else.
He comes over just to kind of be in because it's chit-chat time, right?
Red line.
You guys know it's warm-ups.
Like, hey, what's going on?
What are you guys going on?
What are you guys going to do later on?
So he comes over.
I'm like, guys, seriously, blink your eyes if you don't like Joe.
Just blink.
I know you can't say it.
Just blink it.
Just blink if you don't even like this kid.
And he's like, what is that?
I'm like, he's a jerk, right?
You don't have to say it.
Don't say it.
Like, stretch it out.
And he doesn't like it.
So anyway, he tortures Lowell.
I come back for the game.
So I come back to play Lowell.
I sign up PTO, go back and play Lowell,
come out of the warm-ups.
I took a little script from Brian McGratton.
I'm like, all right, maybe guys have a thing.
I got some penalty minutes. I got a little bit of pedigGratton I'm like alright maybe guys have a thing I got some penalty minutes
I got a little bit of pedigree
come right out
and it's like the stat pack
how much is the stat pack
you guys even tell
oh my god
you just look
and you look and say
oh who the fuck is this guy
come up for the U-Haul
for 400 fucking minutes
like does anyone know
this fucking guy
does anyone know
is he lefty
is he righty
is he getting
checking the game notes
there was no YouTube
before YouTube existed
before YouTube existed.
Before YouTube existed.
I'm like,
does anyone have a Betamax tape on us? You're looking at the ancient scrolls.
Did you come on the ice
legit running and yelling?
I came running on the ice.
I'm like,
I took a little page
out of Mr. McGratton's book.
Came running on the ice
and I was like,
Joey, what's up?
And he just like,
he didn't see the stat pack.
He was just like, he was like, what the? And I was like, oh, it's on? And he just like, he didn't see the stat pack. He was just like, what the?
And I was like, oh, it's on.
It is on like Grey Poupon.
And it's going to get weird.
And he was like, what, what, what?
And he was like, so he played a couple shifts.
Shut him down.
They were like in the playoffs.
Wow.
Yeah, yeah.
Didn't come out.
They brought in their enforcer from Northeastern coaching staff.
Yes, yeah.
And you didn't even have to go. Didn't have to go. I came out. I came out. Icer from Northeastern coaching staff. Yes, yeah. And you didn't even have to go.
Didn't have to go.
I came out.
I came out.
I got like a-
You Muhammad Ali.
You fucking mentally torpedoed him.
Two minutes.
I still got two minutes.
I got on the sheet.
You wanted to get a hooking.
You got a hooking or something just to get in there.
Of course I did.
No, it was like, no.
The obstruction was there.
Like my stick went to like fucking 90 degrees.
The like obstruction.
I'm like, this wasn't even in the league when I was there.
You should be grandfathered in.
Like this wasn't even in the league. What? What's I should be grandfathered in. What? What's the rule?
What is the rule? What do you mean? I gotta keep my feet moving?
Hey, Joe didn't read the stat pack and you didn't
read the rule book, so you guys are even.
That is the perfect way to end this
though, but I mean, like, dude, you're a guy
that you're hanging around the rink running to
you. It's awesome hearing these stories.
And also to you, great job
now, Boston police officer. It's pretty cool to know that you to you Great job now Boston police officer
It's pretty cool to know
That you're out there
Protecting everyone
In the city of Boston
But it means a lot
For you to come on and listen
So thank you very much
And we'll have to do this again
Absolutely
Thank you guys
I really appreciate it
Yeah it's been a blast
I had to come back in
And just unburden myself
It's perfect
It is cathartic
We're like Oprah's couch today
Thank you very much, guys.
Thanks, pal.
Man, that dude is an absolute piece of work.
Brendan Walsh.
Again, you probably didn't hear of him before, Chicklets,
but I'm sure you're familiar with his work now.
He'll definitely be back.
He's got stories up the wazoo, as he would say so.
Next up, the story, it made the rounds, needless to say.
Biz and Shitty Cindy.
I think that describes it all, so I really don't want to get into it.
I'll let Biz take it away.
Let's go over to Shitty Cindy.
Shitty Cindy.
After we won the Calder Cup, not a big deal in Manchester,
I went a little bit of an Antonio Banderas.
I went pretty hard for about a month,
capping that little
bender season off after the Calder Cup with a trip to the Stampede well I got back from the Stampede
all my buddies were at a local bar in Vancouver where I was going to spend the summer called the
local in Kitsilano met him there and was going over the trip talking to them and sure enough
there was a woman like and I said that last, a woman to me is like a, like an older woman who, you know, she,
she dresses nice and she has a presence about her where you're like, damn, like this one like gets
me going. Now she was, she was giving me the hungry eyes and that was evident at this bar.
So eventually I finally walked over, introduced myself, exchanged numbers with her. And that was that at that time.
So about two weeks later, I had a hernia, bilateral hernia surgery scheduled.
I fly out to St. Louis, get the hernia surgery, end up flying back.
And it was convenient that my friend was leaving town and she had a beautiful home in Kitsilano.
So she let me house sit for her and stay there while I recovered.
Well, as I mentioned, it had been two weeks.
I haven't really heard from the woman that I'd met.
And it just so happened she had the night to hang out.
And I said, oh, can we do it another time?
Because I was still kind of hurting.
And she's like, well, I'm really busy the next couple weeks.
And me being the hornball that I am, I'm not getting a kill.
At that point in time, I'm doing whatever it takes to get the stat.
And she was sexy.
So she ends up coming over, and when she came over, she was a little tipsy.
And the minute we started kissing, I'm like, oh, my God, this chick is starving.
Like she needed my cock like she needed oxygen to live.
She was eating business. this chick is starving. Like, like she needed my cock. Like she needed oxygen to live. So, you know,
you know when you kiss a girl and you're like, okay, this is going to be Cirque de Soleil. Like, like,
it's going to be nice. It's going to be nice.
So even the fact that I couldn't really move around much and she was well aware
of that, I still had bandages on for Christ's sake.
I start basically just French dipping her and going missionary style,
very light. But as I mentioned, like she was just so horny for it.
Wait, French dipping. What's that? You got to explain that.
You know,
you're holding it and like keeping it stiff and you're just kind of dipping
it in the old, you know,
kind of like the fun dip when you dip your finger in and you look at the
old fun dips. I was giving some fun dip action missionary style.
So, and I kind of bent over, started making out with her while I was some fun action missionary style so and i kind of bent over
started making out there while i was screwing her missionary style and it didn't take long and you
know when you know when a girl fakes an orgasm trust me i've had plenty fake orgasms with me
i knew it wasn't a fake because the amount of the you know the pressure you know you know what i'm
talking about when you make a girl come the pressure. I really don't. Okay. Well, like they're
doing kegels on your cock. Well, no, not on it. I was on her right. Missionary. That's all I could
really do. So she ends up coming and I, you know, I'm feeling good about myself and I wanted to
bend her over to switch positions. And that's when I noticed the shit and I'm like, Jesus Christ.
And she's like, Oh my God, like I'm so embarrassed. And I'm like, yo, just like the stinky pussy story. Everybody has a bad day. Shit happens. No pun intended. I said, go clean up.
Cause I, I'm, I'm finishing off. I'm a selfish motherfucker. It ain't stopping there. So she
ends up going to the bathroom, cleaning up. We ended up going in the bathroom to finish. I said,
you know what? Just blow me. So she kind of gets down in that squat position and, and i'm like and i and i'm like play with yourself while you're doing it and she was all
about it so she starts playing with herself and i'm like oh yeah here she comes here she comes
and i end up and blowing and as i blow on her she orgasms again but all this fucking blood comes
rushing out of her pussy onto the fucking white marble floor i'm off once again everybody has a bad day
the first thing on my head is i cannot wait to call my friend jackie the alien and tell her this
fucking story so i was polite and a gentleman and she's like oh my god the whole time i'm so
embarrassed i'm sorry i'm like listen whatever i don't care i've seen i've seen a lot of gross
shit don't worry about it you're gonna you're gonna be a fucking story though so i ended up
calling my my friends who i'm not the, obviously I'm standing at her house, but our friend in common,
I tell her the whole story, tell her about the sheets. And she goes, oh my God, Paul,
she has really expensive sheets. That's when I found out how much those fucking things cost.
Well, if you think that's the last time I ever saw shitty Cindy, not a fucking chance. I text her,
those sheets that you shit on are very expensive.
You're paying for them.
So she ended up meeting me a few days later in her fucking...
And I made her give me the cash for the sheets that she shit on.
Did you try to get another session in?
The only way I was doing it inside some fucking bubble-wra but it was a tough night for cindy 10 000 thread count
oh i'll never forget she fucking she's like are you serious so you want me to pay for them i'm
like fuck yeah what do you mean did i shit on the sheets no you're a grown woman you got a job you
want to shit on sheets you're gonna pay for it. I make minimum wage.
I'm playing in the American League.
They're giving me a 7K bonus for a two-month call their cup run.
I ain't paying for 700 sheets.
So we ended up getting the dough, and that was the last time I seen Cindy.
So shitty Cindy, we love you.
And the reason I got a little bit nervous and I was kind of foaming my words last time is I'm like, Jesus Christ, I don't know how I'm going to end this story.
And I kind of panicked.
It didn't tell the ending because I had been getting a lot of texts about, you know, did you finish?
Did you finish?
Fuck yeah, I finished.
That's what I kept seeing.
But there was more consequence.
Biz Nasty finished.
Do you think Biz Nasty doesn't?
He's like the rock star Biz Nasty.
I got tweets coming at me.
Did Biz Nasty finish?
I don't fucking know.
Take a guess, bud.
I'm a sick puppy, Kmer.
I never seen anything like it.
It was just like this blood rush out of there.
I looked at him.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You're shitting.
You're fucking perioding all over the place.
What's going on here?
How about them blues?
You know something loose.
How about them blues?
So that wraps the shitty Cindy part up.
Sorry to bring it back up for you people who are grossed out
by that sort of thing.
I just feel for the ones that did enjoy the story.
We can all laugh and have a weird shit.
Honestly, not a hell of a lot we need to add to that,
except for maybe some shaman and a cottonel wipe.
But, Biz, you are a piece of work. Meanwhile, meanwhile tim stapleton another guy who a lot of our listeners probably not familiar with
christ i had to google him twice it was probably our funniest interview all year i don't say that
lightly uh he came in and just burned the place down dry wit awesome russian story so uh again
without further ado our buddy tim stapleton, who absolutely killed it.
We are now joined by a good friend of mine.
This makes me very excited, very happy to talk to a guy who many people listening may not know a ton about.
Well, no shit.
A little bit of a shirt.
But let me tell you before we start this thing.
This suitcase played four years at Minnesota Duluth.
160 games, roughly.
Roughly 160 points. How's that for stats?
Before they won national titles.
Sorry about that.
He then went over to Finland and he lit it up in Helsinki for a couple years and then
comes back and plays up and down AHL, NHL before going back over to Russia in the KHL,
Switzerland, Sweden, and then finishes in Germany with over a point per game in his
last year.
Thanks for coming.
Tim Stapleton, thanks for joining the podcast, buddy.
Thanks for having me.
I think we've got to open this podcast up with,
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere.
He really has.
He really has.
So the first time that you were going to meet up with us and do this interview
was at our disaster of a live show last year in Chicago where there was no volume,
there was no audio, we couldn't figure it out.
So I said, we'll come back.
And you said, I want to do this in person.
So it's a pleasure to finally have you, dude.
How you been?
Good.
And that's funny that time because you just called me on the spot because you did Reed
Simpson.
Yes, yes, yes.
And I'm fucking, you brought me in.
I go, hey bud, I need you, I need you.
Yeah, you were like talking about, you know, and I was sitting there with Reed.
This was actually funny for me because I was like nervous.
Yeah, you were like talking about, you know, and I was sitting there with Reed.
This was actually funny for me because I was like nervous.
And I'm like, Reed's sitting there and we're standing in the crowd.
And I'm like, Reed, do you know what you're going to say?
And he's like, no, not really.
And then like two minutes later, he was like Ron Burgundy.
He pulled out his sheet.
Yeah, he had a million notes. He had all the fucking stories.
I'm like, you know, but thank God the mic's broke because I had no idea what I was going to say.
Yeah, you were like, I need to prepare for this interview.
I need to prepare.
All right, so, dude, it's been two years since you retired, right?
Yeah.
So what's been going on and why did you start playing?
I mean, it's like you were fucking buzzing around.
It seemed like you could play forever.
Was it just I'm sick and tired of playing hockey?
Yeah, kind of.
Also, I had my second child, my daughter.
Thank you. On the side? Yeah. It works, kind of. Also, I had my second child, my daughter. Thank you.
On the sex?
Yeah.
It works, I guess.
But no, I just, yeah, it was just time to quit, and then I started a South African beef
jerky company.
So this was sent to my house, and it's legit.
I'm going to tell everyone.
We've got pictures of it here, but is boikies the correct way to say it?
Yeah, boikies.
What kind of meat is this?
What are the animals we're eating here?
It's a beef product.
It's not squirrels with feathers?
It's a red-feathered squirrel.
I thought squirrels had feathers recently.
Not my brightest moment.
So how's that going?
I mean, is it like, because you're trying to hop into something after hockey,
it's tough to be like, what am I going to do now, right?
Yeah, no, it's, I got offered, My business partner is a guy, a Chicago guy.
He's an older guy named Jim Mullins.
It's a private
labeled sauce for all
the McDonald's. So they make all the ketchup and barbecue sauce.
Oh, they're doing alright then. Yeah. And they sold that company.
He lived in South Africa.
The Biltong is actually the curing process.
And it's just
air dried as opposed to cooked.
And it's really healthy. No sugar.
30 more
protein. Yeah, so 32 grams
of protein? Pass me a bag over.
Yeah, try it out. Alright, I'm setting this interview up.
Anyways, thanks for having me guys.
Of course, of course.
Alright, that ad was brought to you by
Voikies.com
Alright, and I'm like
why are you still here, dude interview's over where did the south
africa come into it so he um jim lived out there in the early 90s the mcdonald's hired their family
to open up a plant out there to make sauce have you guys ever eaten at nando's oh yeah so i played
in england they developed uh they developed uh perry perry sauce For all that company
And that's basically
The chili
Not many people know
What that is
But he lived out there
For like eight years
Seven years
Did he like it there?
Yeah he loved it
I heard it's incredible
He doesn't stop talking about it
Have you gone?
I have not gone yet
Have you seen District 9?
No
Oh that's great
Fucking South Africa
It's like the best
South Africa movie
Really?
Oh yeah
It's a science fiction movie
About a spaceship You've never heard of a science fiction movie about a spaceship that stalls
a science fiction. Who is it?
Dart Antwood or something?
Art Antwood? There's a South
African rap group.
You gotta know who the fuck that is.
South Africa?
Ari knows the South African rap group.
I think it's
Die Antwood's the name and it's a girl
and guy. They're a rap group out of South Africa.
So you don't know much history other than the fact that they make great beef jerky.
Yeah.
That's probably just as well.
Yeah, that's all I do know.
I mean, that's all.
Yeah, you're right.
But I don't know much about South Africa besides the bill tongue.
This guy's a treat already.
So, yeah.
No, but Jim just kind of, it was his idea.
And then he just asked me to.
No, it's because, I mean, the logo, it's definitely an eye-catcher, man.
You know, it's not something you see too often.
You were born and raised right outside Chicago, correct?
Yeah.
Forest.
Forest Park, about 10 miles west.
So, like, you're a year older than me, 37 now, I believe you are.
Yep.
So, what was Utah hockey like around here?
I can't imagine it was that good growing up at like 12, 13,
or were you just traveling so much?
It was all right.
It just wasn't, you know, since the Hawks been doing good, it's really good.
But, I mean, like I met my agent at a  we rad hockey,
which is like you pay open hockey, you pay like 10.
Like just go to  Yeah, that's how I met my agent.
Bill Zito, who's like the assistant GM.
What, he was skating?
Yeah, he was skating.
He's like, you're kind of fast.
He's like a client.
He's like, you're not bad, huh?
You're like, yeah, dude.
Yeah, he's like, yeah, that's basically how it happened, how I met him.
So you would go skate just open ice?
That was at like 15, yeah, open ice.
Was that before you were with the Green Bay Gamblers?
Yeah.
Okay.
And did he get you to Green Bay? I don't know. open ice and that's that before you were at the green bay gamblers yeah okay this is and then did
he get you to green bay uh i don't know not that's a good question i don't think so like you were
just like i was just drafted probably in the ush yeah i was just kind of good did you you guys
don't bring shitty players on here do you yeah we just host everyone's still Trying to Google
And figure out
Who the fuck I am
I was like
Oh we got Mike Stapleton
He's 5'7 and Asian
This doesn't make sense
I don't know
Half Filipino
Half Irish
Or his Wikipedia line
Worst driver ever
The Asian in him
He can't drive a car
He gets driven everywhere
Then he's probably
Drunk with the other half
Of the Irish
Yeah my mom was
My mom brother and sister
Were born in the Philippines
No shit, huh?
Really?
Yeah.
Your brother played hockey?
Yeah, a little while.
But he played growing up?
Yeah.
So when you went to Duluth, were you a big recruit then?
Were you getting offers from a lot of people?
No, it was the only school I looked at.
And you ripped it up.
I know you got so buckled on your official visit
and committed the next morning.
Yeah, probably.
I don't remember.
But, no, yeah, it was the only school.
I didn't really know much about hockey, to be honest.
Like, I wasn't.
So you weren't a kid that was, like, really into, like, who else was.
I was good when I was, like, eight.
No, seriously, though.
And then kind of when I was, like, 16, I started playing AAA.
And that's.
And that's when you kind of started getting noticed?
Yeah.
I mean, it was kind of a fluke, I think.
I don't know.
All right.
So four years at Duluth and some really good years, like I said.
I mean, 42 points your freshman year.
That was probably, guessing, that was the year before.
Oh, I think we were freshmen the same year.
Either way, I'm guessing that was probably top five in the country for freshmen.
I'm sure you have no idea. but you lit it up for four years and the question being you
never got drafted but you went right over to finland and it's it's a lot of times people try
playing here and when they can't make the nhl they go over there you did it from the start
how did that like all even come about and begin that was my agent for sure yeah he like kind of
built his uh his agency around agency around getting no-name guys
really. So he had Rafalski
that went over to Finland.
Same team, right?
Yeah, he was on the team.
He has Tim Thomas,
Vili Lano, who's a Finnish guy.
This guy should be a fucking scout.
He's assistant GM now
of Columbus.
He always said that. Or that.
One-off the whole scouting gig.
No, and that's
funny you say that because the
entire time I had him for like 14 years
and the entire time he was saying he wanted to be a
GM. And he's like, I'm going to
get this done. That's how talented this guy is.
He can seek talent out of
like, no offense, out of a 5'7
Philippine men's league guy.
Like, that's fucking talent, bro.
That is like, come on, man.
Yeah, that's true.
This guy should be working for the Red Wings back 20 years ago.
This guy crashed his car trying to park in the parking lot, but God, he can skate.
Couldn't pass a driver's test.
Now, like, you would say you guys are friends, right?
You're very close with him, right?
Yeah.
No, I am, but I don't talk to him as much anymore.
No, now, naturally, but I'm saying at the time you leave Duluth,
were you not like, I can't get anything over here?
Or was he more like, dude, go here first.
Go to Helsinki.
Because in that time, it was like Tuukka Rask was in the league
and a couple other anti-Niemi.
So these goalies were obviously attracting a lot of scouts.
Scouts, they're there, they're watching.
And I was trying to do the whole men's league thing like I did,
just trying to catch someone's eye.
Honestly, I had no intentions to play back over here when I went there.
You were like, I'm going to go play in Europe for hopefully 10 years.
Yeah, I was just like, I'll go.
Well, Finland's easy to live in. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Make. You're like, I'm going to go play in Europe for hopefully 10 years. Yeah, I was just like, I'll go. Finland's easy to live in.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Make sure you enjoy yourself.
100.
And then it just kind of, you know, felt, you know, happened.
Well, when you say it kind of happened, I mean, you lit it up.
You go over there in the first year, you get 50 points in 56 games.
And the next year, you get 62.
You get almost 29 goals.
I mean, it must have been like, all right, all of a sudden,
all these teams are calling me.
Zito's like, dude, people want to sign you back home.
Is that kind of how it went?
No, not at all.
Really?
No, it's  Villy Lano was my line mate, and he went to Detroit.
Heard some funny stories about that guy.
I don't know.
I don't know what he's doing now.
He's like a
He had a clothing line.
He's like a painter or something.
Nothing off that Buffalo money.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Good for him. Yeah, he fought a lot. Oh's like a painter or something. He had a clothing line. He was like a painter or something. He was off that Buffalo money. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Good for him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. like a bigger signing bonus, which... But why? You were like, I'm going to go get a shot? That's the only reason I played hockey was for money.
Hey, dude, I've seen all the years you played in Europe.
Like, yeah, you were there to make fucking money.
I don't blame you.
No, it was just... That's just kind of how it worked out.
But no, I didn't really...
I signed actually back in Finland for two more years.
What was...
Put the NHL out.
What was your first impression of pro hockey back in North America?
Because, I mean, you go from playing a pretty fair schedule to now all of a sudden you've got to work for your money. chill out what was your first impression of pro hockey back in north america because i mean you
go from playing a pretty fair schedule to now all of a sudden you got to work for your money you
got to grind through a 80 game season in the american league um well i played i played nine
games i was gonna say you before finley right yeah yeah that was just a waste of time you're
probably so mad you didn't get to do senior spring at the Luke. I sucked too. I was just like,
yeah, you're right. And I was like, we were on a team
with like, it was a great team. It was
like Gillies, Kanopka, you know, and I'm
coming from college wearing like a full cage
and then, you know, I'm going to these guys
who were... Oh, Kanopka was a savage too.
Oh man, it was, I remember my first game
I was in warm-ups and I forgot
two guys were just fucking barking all warm-ups
like how they're going to kill each other.
I'm sitting there stretching like, what the fuck is this?
You know what I mean?
And then, no, and I'm like, dude, this is fucking brutal.
So I was skating off after warm-ups, and both guys kind of like,
at Portland, they had the one door.
I'm like, oh, God, what's going to happen here?
And both guys were just like, hey, I'm not even playing tonight.
They were like the extras in warm-up.
Then I was like, what the fuck is going on?
You know what I mean?
It was just like...
It was a sideshow.
Yeah, I was just like, what is this?
So Penner and O'Brien were on that team, too?
Yeah, Penner was there.
Obie?
Yeah, Obie was there.
And they were great, though.
I mean, I didn't really say much, but I just followed a couple of characters.
An Indian, not a chief in that moment.
Just whatever.
I was a yes man.
Just tell me what to do.
I'll do whatever you say.
Who else recruited besides our Minnesota Duluth?
Nobody.
No, I mean, yeah, nobody.
You didn't see of nobody. It was either mean, yeah, nobody. Sorry, no, that was it.
You didn't see of nobody.
It was either legit go there or not.
I committed right away.
Oh, wow.
For me, it was more like I got a full ride, which I was very grateful for,
and I just wasn't  it worked out.
Fooled him again.
Yeah, fooled him again, you know.
Yeah, that's cool, man.
That's cool.
And, you know, yeah.
Okay, so since you're so fucking modest, that's cool, man. That's cool. And, you know, yeah. Okay, so since you're so fucking modest,
that first year, well, the first full season back in North America
with the Leafs, you ended up playing four games.
Yes.
Your first NHL game.
I mean, like, okay, now what?
What fucking crazy story do you have for us now?
Who'd you talk against, too?
You had one goal that year.
Yeah, the one goal was...
Hit you in the face.
Did I?
Yeah, I did.
Talk us through your first game.
Was it a call-up and right away?
The call-up was awesome.
No, seriously.
It was like February.
My agent called me.
He's like, hey, I'm coming in for dinner.
And at the time, the Leafs were...
And you were lighting up the A.
Yeah, and the Leafs were mathematically basically out of the playoffs.
They were fucking pretty bad.
So we went to dinner.
And you still couldn't make the team?
Yeah.
You should have seen my preseason.
I played one game, and my line was me, Jamal Mayers, and Chris Newberry.
You had no chance.
No, I played four minutes, and then the next day, Ron Wilson was like,
Hey, you're not ready for North.
I'm like, what?
Wait, I got one game?
I was like, all right.
I got to shower with the guys. I was like, fucking? Wait, I got one game? I was like, alright, I got to shower with the guys.
You know, I was like, fucking,
you know, I mean, whatever, but
Got a little per diem. Yeah, I was like,
fuck. No, but
when I went to this dinner,
you know, I was actually
kind of bitching. Like, I was like, hey, am I
going to get an NHL game? Yeah, I'm lighting up the
NHL. Kind of. Not like
I should have been, you know. But like you're seeing other guys maybe get called up for one. Yeah, I was just like, am I going to get one game? Like, this is, I never thought I'd get this one. I Yeah, I'm lighting up the NHL. Kind of. Not like I should have been. But you're seeing other guys
maybe get called up for one.
Yeah, I was just like,
am I going to get one game?
I never thought I'd get this one.
I know, I came home
to maybe get a game.
And then my agent,
I got called up right there
within five minutes.
Oh, he shot off a text?
No, it's just like
the game was on.
It was right next to
the Air Canada Center.
I don't know.
I think that's the name.
Real Sports?
That place?
No.
Remember that restaurant? Yeah, yeah. Thanks for the money. It was a strip club, the Air Canada Center. I don't know. I think that's the name. Real Sports? That place? No. Remember that restaurant?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was a strip club, the Brass Rail.
They were grabbing a couple of whiskeys.
And no, it was just someone went down, and they called me up right there after like five
minutes.
Like literally mid-conversation.
Five minutes later, injury, and then his phone gets...
So they called.
I had to run home, put a suit on, come back down.
And I just got in the door.
I couldn't even get in.
The guy was like, you're not fucking playing.
Seriously.
So I was like, I get in.
And the team just...
Toronto just won in a shootout.
And then we got on a flight.
I went to Long Island.
And that's when I got in.
And the guy at the door was like, you don't play for the Leafs.
100.
I wouldn't make that up.
He was just like...
I'm like, no, I'm playing. And he's like, no,
you're not.
To play for the Marlies, though,
AHL-wise, that's
got to be pretty good.
It's a sick city.
You have a ton of money within
their AHL team.
It must have been at least
not what you were hoping for coming back, but not
playing in a shitty AHL city.
No, it was awesome, actually.
We had a great team.
Bates, I think you had Bates on here.
Oh, Bates Patagonia?
Yeah, yeah, he was my...
His bar in North Carolina just got pink Whitney.
I don't think he resonated well with our fan base, first of all,
because we have a lot of Boston people, and he was chirping...
I don't think he knew what this podcast was all about or anything.
I think he was just like, what the hell am I doing?
Yeah, he was chirping Cassidy a little bit, which, I mean, fucking.
Yeah, he had a bad experience with him.
But the reason we had him on is because we've heard nothing but unbelievable things about this guy.
Yeah, he's the best.
No, he is.
He's just an awesome guy, and that's surprising that he got, well, I mean, I don't know.
But he didn't know.
He just came on, and he was just like, what am I doing right now?
I don't think he had ever heard of our show or anything.
But it was still  I got a kick out of it.
Who was the one guy that when he saw you, you connected with well?
I know you weren't up for a while with the Leafs.
It was just the four games.
But who was one guy where you were like, oh, my God, this guy thinks I'm cool?
Cool.
I use that term very loosely.
No, okay.
Yeah.
Matt Stajan.
Oh, yeah.
He's the best, man.
The best.
One of the best guys I've ever played.
Yeah, he was awesome.
I can't remember.
I mean, it wasn't like the best team.
Well, I just meant like, I mean, you always look back and think,
oh, my experience there was positive.
Curtis Joseph was an awesome guy.
Kujo was there.
He was awesome.
We're going to get him on the podcast.
I mean, everyone was pretty, but I know what you mean.
My roommate was Anton Strahlman, who, I mean, nice guy.
He's still buzzing out there.
Yeah, yeah.
But, yeah, I'm just, no, yeah, that's a great question.
But Stajan, probably, I still talk to him a little bit.
Okay.
We can come back to that one.
Stajan definitely thinks I'm cool.
I didn't mean to put you here.
If that's what you're asking.
Let's go back.
Stajan will say I'm a good guy.
I didn't mean to put you on your heels there.
Well, yeah. I mean, you did a little bit.
I don't know anyone that likes me.
Well, then I don't like your...
I don't like this fucking beat jerky.
I actually hate it.
It's Bill Tongue.
Did you remember who the first talk was on yet?
Huh? Who the first goal was on?
Who you scored the first goal on?
Brian Elliott.
Oh, I just saw him in the log. But I didn't score it. Jason Spezza Huh? Who the first goal was on? Who you scored the first goal on? Brian Elliott.
Oh, I just saw him in the log.
Yeah, but I didn't score it.
Jason Spezza actually shot it in for me.
And then you took it. Well, Jason Blake threw it at the net, and I kind of, like, did, like, the poke.
Oh, Ryan Smith did.
And then it went back door, and Spezza, like, tapped it in.
But they didn't change it.
No, Spezza wasn't on my team.
Oh.
Guys, this was, like, 2009. Yo, I'm thinking Spezza's on the lead. Oh. Guys, this was like 2009.
Yo, I'm thinking Spezza's on the Leafs.
Oh, Stapleton was setting us up to fail there.
You guys really know your stats.
Big deal.
Big deal.
Of course they played you one game against the Sens.
I'm like, I didn't know Spezza went for the Leafs this year.
Did you sell it, though?
I mean, even I was like.
No, because I knew it happened.
And I remember Jason Blake was like, did you touch that?
Well, of course he's wondering because he wants his fucking cookie.
You want to talk about Jason Blake?
Well, no, I'm not going to talk about it.
I mean, what do you want to talk about?
You know him?
No, I mean.
I'll say Jason Blake got traded.
I don't know if he signed or got traded to the Ducks.
He might have signed with them.
I don't know. But I played with them. And then I got traded to the Ducks. He might have signed with them. I don't know.
But I played with them.
And then I got traded from the Ducks to Edmonton.
And then the last game of the year, the Oilers were in Anaheim.
So all my stuff was still in Anaheim because I got traded and had to go that day.
So after the game, I had already talked to Steve Tambolini and the Oilers GM and coaching staff.
I was like, hey, I'm just going to stay here and go home.
I'm not going to go back to Edmonton because all my stuff's here.
The season was over.
Not really many exit meetings.
Things were changing.
So the game ended and we lost to the Ducks.
They didn't make the playoffs either.
I go out to Sharky's and Jason Blake was on the team and he came up to me.
I remember sitting at the bar and he's like,
how fucking awful is it for you that you're in Edmonton?
And I was just like,
dude,
fuck off.
It was like just rubbing
or kicking a man when he's down.
I was like,
I got four more years
of my contract up there.
But I didn't know him that well.
I just remember that night,
him just like,
you must be so miserable.
I was like, thanks, bro. like, you must be so miserable.
I was like, thanks, bro.
Can I get another shot, please?
I'm going to have my own drink one day, but I don't have it yet.
You know, because my line was him and Dominic Moore.
Oh, I know Dom Moore.
And I think they hated each other.
I remember Jason Blake came up to me like first face off.
He's like, don't pass him the puck.
What a team. I was like, dude, I'm 16. So that's why I asked about He's like, don't pass him the puck. What a team.
So that's why I asked about Jason fucking Blake, alright, you fucking asshole.
That's why I asked you. And now you're the one
fucking spinning the roast here.
No, no.
Well, they always had beef.
I'm going to pass it to each of you.
I'm like, I don't want the puck, eh?
I was like, I'm just trying to not turn it over.
Any don't pass to the guy on the line meetings was me, listen. I was like, I'm just trying to not turn it over. Any don't pass
to the guy
on the line meetings
was me leading them
and I was the guy
who they shouldn't
have been passing to
and I was leading charge, buddy.
Biz couldn't even get a pass
in like warm up
three on twos?
Three on twos.
Don't give it to him.
The two on ones.
The guy would just
basically do a big
loop with the ice
and go,
because the goalies
didn't want to get
hit in the face.
I couldn't control that thing.
Come on.
Well, I'm like fast forwarding right through the career.
The next year you signed with a two-way with the Atlanta Thrashers.
It looks like it was a two-year two-way.
Because you were up and down both years with Atlanta.
Spent most of the both.
No, one year.
And then you re-signed with them again?
Then I signed two years.
Okay.
Then I went to San Antonio.
Oh, fuck.
I played in San Antonio. If you want to know all my stats, I'll tell you. Hey, I'm looking at. Then I went to San Antonio. Oh, fuck. I played in San Antonio.
If you want to know all my stats, I'll tell you.
Hey, I'm looking at them.
I'm looking at them.
AHL was a joke.
I mean, like, AHL, you were probably like, this is too easy.
You were kind of the guy.
There's a bunch of people that was, like, too good for the AHL, but people said you couldn't play in the NHL.
You were perfect for Europe, right?
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, it was almost like you were, it was, AHL was too easy, yet.
I don't know if it was too, I mean.
I don't know.
I mean, you're getting over a point per game.
It certainly was like, you got to be in your mind, like, I can play in the NHL.
I'm dominating here.
But you're never going up and getting like first or second line minutes, right?
Exactly.
No, that's, I mean, you guys know how it works.
Yeah.
But it was, you know how the AHL is.
It's just a bunch of guys who, in their minds, should be in the NHL.
So it's...
He's getting called up?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He sucks.
It's like the guy...
I felt like a lot in the AHL, you're sitting next to a guy who's like, you're sitting next
to all year, and he's like, yeah, like talking to you, but he's hoping you like blow your
knee out so you can get on the power.
You know what I mean?
It's like...
He's like, hey, man, nice pass.
He's like spritzing.
Wow, three assists. He's like, oh, yeah, we're going out tonight? Sure, yeah. He's like, hey man, nice pass. He's like, oh yeah, we're going out tonight?
Sure, yeah, spritz in your drink.
Was it cool at least playing in your hometown?
The Wolves was awesome.
Yeah?
Yeah.
That was one of my favorites.
Did you win a Calder Cup?
No, I didn't win shit.
He's never won anything.
I was surrounded by losers my whole career.
Okay?
Legit shit.
I haven't won shit like ever.
Ever.
Like it's like.
He doesn't even have a veteran who thought he was cool.
If you didn't want to win.
Oh no.
Hey.
He just got second place in a South African beef jerky contest.
Still can't get a win.
Dude.
You should see me in these. But it was in North America. Yeah. And can't get a win. Dude, you should see me in these times.
But it was in North America.
Yeah.
And it was the only participant.
They're like, we're just going to give you a second because there's got to be somebody better.
No, it's actually awesome.
Check it out, Boogies.
All right.
Well, then you get a chance.
You got one full year in the NHL.
In Winnipeg, you had a great year.
So what happened in signing there and playing
63, 65 games, whatever it was?
The lockout.
Oh.
That was after that? They offered me
to go back, yeah. Oh, no shit.
And then I just went to Russia.
We all knew there was going to be a lockout.
Here it goes. Let's start the campfire.
I hope there's another one.
The Russia thing for you,
did you know anyone over there?
Nigel Dawes.
So you were able to talk to one person?
Well, him and I think Soaps was before me.
So I tried to talk.
Well, yeah, I think I talked to Soaps.
I remember I talked to Dawsey.
The king over there.
Oh, he's a man, yeah.
And he tells me the worst.
Who's that?
Is that Kevin Dahlman?
Nigel Dahlman.
Nigel Dahlman.
Who's little Dahlman from my area.
And he's making a bank.
So no, he told me all his stuff.
And then at the end of the conversation, he's like,
everything I told you, just remember this.
It's way worse.
And it was unbelievable. He goes, everything I'm telling you, just remember this. It's way worse. And it was unbelievable.
And that's what this guy told me.
He goes, everything I'm telling you, I promise it's not.
You'll go over there and it won't be this bad.
It's probably worse than I'm telling you.
Just petrifying to hear.
But like you said, you wanted that money.
What'd you sign for the first year over there in Minsk?
Money talk on this podcast is cool.
Nobody thinks you're rubbing it in.
Oh, yeah.
He probably doesn't even remember this fucking mess.
It was like a million bucks.
A million bucks?
That's fucking nice.
Yeah, I mean, like, dude.
So going around and once you were in Russia,
like, was Belarus different or was it all the same?
It was a little bit different.
Yeah, it's not bad.
You know, they call them Bella Russians,
but they spoke like a different, like a slang Russian.
But, I mean, no, it was all the same.
And a lot of people come on the podcast and they say, like,
oh, yeah, it was bad, it was bad.
Do you have, like, in-depth stories you'd like to share?
Because I feel like our fan base seems to, like, oh, how crazy is it?
How really wacky is it?
Well, the everyday stuff is what knows.
That's how I view it.
I mean, whatever doesn't make sense makes sense there.
Okay, so what was the craziest experience you saw where you're like, what the fuck is happening?
What the fuck is like what you say like once every two days?
Once an hour.
Yeah, you're just like alone.
What the fuck?
Trying to show how much blood comes out.
Well, me and Henny lived together.
Our water was permanently brown the whole year.
We had to buy like big water, you know, if we wanted to cook and boil.
You cook with bottled water.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This guy played with my good friend,
Josh Hennessey,
who's going to come on here at some point,
in Neftahemek.
And when I saw you the first time there,
it was like a wounded dog.
And Hennessey has a couple stories
that he reminded me of.
One is like,
do you remember just your meltdown
when they ended up getting rid of Hennessey?
Because he wrote to me what you did.
And it doesn't surprise me one bit when you just completely snapped on
everyone when Hennessy got let go.
What?
Oh, man. Yeah. Well, that's...
This is the text.
Well, make sure
you ask him about his meltdown when he got into the
rink the day I got fired in Neftahemic.
He started screaming down the hall for a trade,
told the video coach, the only guy who spoke English,
to go to the head coach and tell that fat fuck
I'm not playing one more shift in this place.
I don't know if he remembers it as clearly as I do,
but I just remember laughing because I was the fired one.
Yeah, well, we ended up having like five coaching changes that year.
And we ended up getting a Russian guy.
Yeah, before like November.
Is that a record?
No, it's five head coaches.
That's not even a record in the KHL.
Eventually it was just like, is that the
fucking physio guy?
You didn't even know who the head coach was
anymore. And half
the games we played, because we lost.
The head coach is giving me ice after the game.
This guy's the Bill Burr of hockey.
Half the games, we lost like 10 in a row, and they came in,
and we were supposed to get paid.
And they're like, we're just not paying you.
No.
Yeah, until you win.
You guys were shit.
Like, we beat you guys.
Yeah, yeah, we were pretty bad.
You guys were trash.
It was you, Hennessy, and Sexton.
Sexton was nasty there.
He's really good.
Is he still over there?
Yeah, yeah.
So you guys lose 10 in a row.
They're not paying you.
Not paying us.
And then we ended up winning one game.
But they brought this Igor Krikenov, this fucking guy.
Holy fuck.
This guy.
Igor Krikenov is the perfect name for the bad guy.
And this guy was like old Soviet.
We're making a t-shirt.
We already have a t-shirt on the website.
You're like, what up, Creek?
Guys were like nicknaming him like Creek.
I'm like, fuck, who's this guy?
Dude, the second day he had us running.
I don't know.
Did Henny tell you about?
Oh, you got to get Henny on here.
But he had us running.
I know his memory's unreal.
Oh, God.
His surgery stories.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
One of the best stories.
What was the running story?
Wait, wait.
Go back to the fucking
Whatever
Creaking off
This is what Russia does to you
You just become fucking crazy
You can't like
Stay on point
You start
South African
You're like
This is not my fault guys
This is fucking KHL
Four years
Four years
Super late
I heard that
I heard that episode
It's amazing
That's so true
Because
You would be like
If you missed a breakaway As you know Like a guy like Would come down the so true because you would be like, if you missed a breakaway, as you know,
like a guy would come down the bench that passed you and be like,
Tim, why no score?
Yeah, you're like, oh, I was.
You're like, fuck, I'm going to look this guy up after the game.
And he had like one goal in fucking 25 years.
Like, this is the guy that's fucking yelling at me?
Seriously.
And you couldn't, it was just like, holy fuck.
You're like, who is this guy?
The guy that doesn't use
Any shampoo or soap
In the shower
And the guy that said
One goal in 25 years
Is telling me
Why you have no score
Yeah
Tim you no score
And I'm like
Dude
I don't
I didn't score
Because I didn't want to see you
Celebrate your fucking assist
You don't even know
Who scores in that league
When you see a replay
There's four different celebrations
The one guy's windmilling who shot the puck.
A second assessment.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like, who the fuck scored here?
Yeah, it's fucking amazing.
It's true.
It's amazing.
No, you score and you turn looking for guys and there's just celebrations everywhere.
No idea.
No idea.
So anyways, back to this run.
Creek.
Creek.
This is no joke he would have us running 10 kilometers in like this
a snowstorm in the middle of the night and we would get we just know i mean henny would run
together like what the yeah like i'm not we would run halfway and all of a sudden we'd come across
this like upon like this fucking jeep with his lights on and this fucking fat fucking creek he's
got his head out the window he's just sitting in the thing with his head out you this fucking creek. He's got his head out the window. This is a bit of a...
He's just sitting in the thing with his head out the window.
You had to run up to him, make eye contact, and run back.
You had to run up to him, smell his Russian breath,
and then turn around and run back.
And he was just like, he never...
He spoke no English, obviously.
And then Dossie had him for like five years, I think.
Yeah, but Dossie got 40 every year, probably.
Well, that's the thing, is when I got traded to Keenan's team, which was like
one psycho to another.
Dude, that was the year I was with you.
He's a nut job.
He probably went to the KHL
because he could be that nutty in today's
climate. That was some of the best.
Okay, let's go. Open it up. That was the year
I was with you. I was in the
league that year. Yeah, he was.
That's right. We met in like, in warm-ups.
That's how it was over there.
Like, if you saw another North American, you just saw each other.
We're like, man, keep going.
No, dude.
No.
You must not remember.
You got Russianized.
You came over in the morning.
And he looked into my locker room.
He's like, where?
Where?
And I was just like, was that Stapleton?
Like, I didn't know him.
He's like, come here. And we went out, and we just, like, hugged. We weren't even knowing each other. He's like, how you doing, man like was that stapleton like i didn't know him he's like come here and we went out and we just like hugged yeah knowing each other he's like
how you doing man i'm like good how you doing he's like not good man not good we just shot we
shot the shit for 20 minutes i was like he's now my brother for life and i gotta go to him
i was like hold on i was like hold on let me get my phone i got got his number. It's plus 47777 3757 647354 plus 64.
And I just texted Witt.
And then we would text like every night.
And he's like, I got you traded to Magneticorps.
I'm like, oh, dude, you're going to be here until like April 28th.
You guys were nasty.
That's when the ruble crashed.
When the ruble crashed.
And you were making a bank over there.
And Witt was buying Louis Vuitton over there
because it was cheaper.
Yeah, but I had millions
back home that didn't.
No, but you were buying it
because it was like
it was smarter to buy that
and then maybe resell it
over here.
Oh, when it crashed?
Yeah, when the Rubel crashed.
You were trying to take
advantage of that?
No, I was buying.
I didn't resell it,
but yeah, I remember being like
I'm just going to buy
all this shit now.
A couple nice Louis travel bags.
I bought some Louis shit.
You had to.
Yeah, you had to.
Well, they all had Louis sweatpants. Oh, dude, they wore the same fart suit. That's nice Louis travel bags. I bought some Louis shit. You had to. Yeah, you had to. Well, they all had Louis
sweatpants. Oh, dude, they wore the
same fart suit. That's what we call them.
It was like a full sweatsuit.
And they wore it the fucking whole 10-day
trip. Oh, yeah. And they
weren't getting a tri-clean at the Ritz. Like, I just got
my pants for tomorrow. And then if you came in with
something Louis Vuitton or something, they would
fucking examine it. They knew
a few. I was like, dude, this is fucking real.
Big money, big money. This is real.
Okay, calm down.
Fucking Jesus.
Any Abercrombie shirts?
Me? No, the Russians.
Like Abercrombie and
Aeropostale. They would wear like
shitty American. I played on some, you know,
like the wealthy
Russian players. Like the really good players. So these guys would, like the wealthy Russian players,
like the really good players.
So these guys would, like the captain of... What was Muziakin making?
The captain of Magnitogorsk, Zharopov, he had like fucking seven cars,
and he would always tell me about them.
And finally one day I caught him coming to the rink,
and he comes out of the back seat of the car.
So he has a permanent driver, and I'm sitting there, I'm like,
how the fuck, you know, how can you say this is a nice car you don't even drive it
but that's the kind of guy that's the kind of guy the guys i was playing with is the guys that spent
all this fucking money um so as far as abercrombie fitch and all that no it was always louis vuitton
dolce gabbana and shit but yeah so i don't know. These guys, man.
Yeah.
They're out of control.
Yeah, it was different.
Okay, what's the most ridiculous amount of money you saw a Russian teammate spend?
Like, were you at a super club with him by accident?
The one guy threw his, we went to, like, his son's three-year-old, it was his three-year-old
birthday party, and he spent 40,000.
They had like fucking, you know,
like these lava funnel, like ice cream cakes.
They had like fucking Alaskan dogs.
It's like a circus elation for a three-year-old.
I'm like, what are you going to do when this kid turns 16?
The kid don't even remember.
It's like, here's a private jet, son.
Hey, Malcolm.
Yeah, yeah.
Like, don't drink and fly.
It was like Malcolm's kid's birthday recently.
He hired a bunch of people to dress up as his whole team.
Like, there was a Crosby out there in a full Penguins uniform.
There was a Malkin guy.
I think there was even a Gonchar.
And these guys just go over the top for the birthdays.
It's like Sweet 16 on acid.
It was insane.
He might have even hired Sidney Crosby to come
over for the fucking birthday party.
New Year's Eve was a gong show in that
country. They went hard on
New Year's Eve. That's like their number one.
And then Putin always comes and talks.
You probably don't remember that.
And everyone stops what they're doing and watches
and talks. Yeah, and they listen to him.
They love him. They're like, Vladimir, tell us more.
Let's go back to the other dictator first.
Mike Keenan.
Was he just all about head games?
He liked you, right?
No.
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe he did.
He shit on you, though?
Oh, fuck.
It was brutal.
But here's the thing.
Growing up, he coached here, right?
The early 90s.
So I kind of like Iron Mike.
It was kind of cool for me to get traded to him at first.
Until you caught that.
Well, he called me when I got traded.
And he was like my son was being born like in a month.
And he was like the nicest guy ever.
And I was, you know, I kind of hung up and was just like, man, this guy's a pretty good guy.
And I knew all about, you know, his whole story.
And it's all psychological.
And then I get there and
we had a day off and then i go meet him in person great guy and you know i believe in uh because
they won it that year the year before i came yeah they were so he was like i believe that uh you
know and trying to win back to back you got to change you know about 15 of your team or 10 like
all this whole theory and he's like that's why we're bringing you in and i thought it was great
i was going to come in for like secondary scoring so where I'm going with this is the finally
the next day after that was our first practice and I'm you know I don't really know anyone I'm
putting my skates on he comes bombing in and he's like where the fuck Stapleton he's got this high
voice and his back's to me Stapleton where the fuck are you this is in front of the whole team
and you just the day before I mean I had a phone call and I met him in person and and then he just
I'm like,
hey,
you know,
I'm right here
and he turns around
and he's just like,
what position are you?
You're a forward,
defenseman,
I've never heard of you.
You know what I mean?
That was just what he did.
Just totally,
are you fucking kidding me?
that was his,
you were probably like,
forward,
I can't,
last night we talked.
Now,
do you think that that was planned and he knew he was doing that or he's just that fucking senile?
I have no idea because, like you said, it was different.
You know, there was me and him and one other North American, I think.
So I don't know.
I still wonder that, you know.
But it was pretty, you know, he was trying to be i think the old
iron mike but people don't know you know you other players that played for him probably asked the
same question themselves like is it personal or is it part of like the whole the whole like it took
me about six weeks before well i mean i would have i would have personally if i would have had to have
dealt with that and and fuck we talk about him so much in this podcast, and I'm trying to figure out, like, what's the fucking angle?
Because I truly believe that someone isn't that fucking evil inside,
where I would have went up to him and called him in the office,
and I would have said, hey, do you genuinely not know what position I play?
Or are you just trying to fuck with me?
And look him in the eyes and genuinely ask him, and then hear his answer.
And if he's still playing mind games,
that's when you say like,
dude, fuck you.
But here's the thing though,
is he,
like I, you know,
like knew all about this
going into this, right?
And it definitely was mind,
I don't think it was,
it definitely wasn't personal,
it was just his strategy.
It fucking worked.
Like I was mentally,
dude, he fucked with me.
Well, wait, wait,
it worked in what sense? Like I was playing, like everyone says, like like he fucked well wait wait it worked it worked in
what sense like I was playing like everyone says like Jeremy Roenick always says like my best years
were with him like I played yeah and I was here I was 32 years now now the opposite for some guys
in which a maybe he doesn't want those guys on board whereas there's some people in your situation
which you said you played your best they fold why Why did  I don't even know if I played  I had 14 goals going up to that, and then I had four with him.
Okay, so you didn't play better.
No, but I played
You didn't play as much, right?
I didn't play as much because I was  yeah, because they had the studs, and I got that.
They were sick.
But for me, it was more of like I played really like as hard as I could, right?
There was no
Did he back off considering that?
Until I told him to go fuck himself.
Yeah, you said it took six weeks, right?
Okay, so I want to ask you,
it took six weeks for what?
It got so bad,
I was like calling people that played for him,
like Renny Bork played for him.
And I'm like, what do I do?
I'm like trying to watch documentaries on this shit.
And he was just,
he was good at what he did on that.
It's different though.
When he was in Calgary and he's torturing people,
it's different when you are some of the only English-speaking guys.
That's what I'm saying, man.
That's evil.
I'm more like Buddy.
I'm over here alone.
That's what I'm saying.
It's not like we're all in the NHL.
You can see me in my face.
Why are you fucking giving it to me this bad?
I'm dying inside here.
That's so true.
And eventually you called him out. What did you say to him? Tell this bad. I'm dying inside here. Yeah, yeah, and that's so true. And eventually you called him out, so.
What did you say to him?
Tell the story.
I said that.
No, because he was just kind of doing that a lot to me.
And I just, I don't know.
We were on the bench in one game, and we were playing at Kazan,
and that was the team I was on.
And you used to be there?
Yeah, and I got fired.
And I led the team in goals, so I got fired to be there? Yeah. Yeah, and I got fired. And I led the team in goals until I got fired.
I need to ask about that, but go ahead.
I'll go back.
And we were getting smoked by them.
So when he calls his lines, you know, if us three were a line,
like he, you know, Whitney, if you were center,
Biz, and then, you know, Stapleton.
So that's what he does every time he calls a line.
Says all three.
All three.
So, you know, it was the beginning of the second period,
and he was just going, Biz, Whitney.
And then I could see him, like, look at me, and he'd be like, shake his head.
And then he'd just go, like, Igor, take the right side.
So he did this for, like, a full period.
He's looking at you.
He's like, I'm not playing.
Yeah, yeah, and he did it for, like, a full period.
And then finally he put me out there with like a minute left,
and the puck just kind of shot out.
I had like a seven-second shift, and then he came down to me as I came off.
Because he saw me, I was finally like, fuck this.
I've just never been a guy that's been what you're saying.
Enough's enough, though.
Yeah, I just never really had that problem with coaches,
but enough was enough, and he came down and started saying something.
He's like, you know why this team traded you?
Because you're a fucking pussy, like da-da-da.
And finally, I was just like, you know why this team didn't trade me?
They fired me.
It was your comeback?
Yeah, that was my comeback.
What a shitty comeback.
He's like, exactly, you shitball.
I can tell you're not used to conflict.
I was like, I know I'm a pussy and I suck, but I didn't get traded.
You know, honestly, I was like.
You just had nothing to say.
Here's the thing.
I was trying to say, like, you fucking idiot.
But, you know, and then he came, like, face to face.
He literally goes, what did you say?
And I go, I'm just like, I can't say anything.
I'm just, like, fucking so mad.
And he goes, tell me to go fuck myself.
Swear to God.
And I go, what?
He goes, tell me to go fuck myself.
He's on the bench. He's on the bench. He's, like, this far away. And he's like, tell me to go fuck myself. I swear to God. I go, what? He goes, tell me to go fuck myself. He's on the bench.
He's on the bench.
He's like this far away.
He's like, tell me to go fuck myself.
That's how crazy this guy was.
And I'm like, no.
He goes, tell me.
I'm like, fuck you.
And he's like, I lost it.
And I'm just saying all this shit.
That's what I'm saying.
This is fucked up.
This is exactly what we needed
for people to know how crazy this guy is on our podcast.
And then every shift in the third,
I went every other shift.
Any two guys he called Stapleton, take the right side.
He was waiting for you.
I went like 15 minutes in the third period.
So that's when you got on the Russian gas.
Yeah.
Oh, Russian gas.
That's another thing.
I'm a Russian gas junkie.
How good was that shit?
I've done this thing like 20.
I've done it like 25 times.
I'm trying to get it on Amazon Prime sent to my host now.
Russian gas.
Get me going every day.
Oh, dude.
How good was that shit?
The needle before the game?
If there was a Russian gas rehab, I would be fucking leaving meetings.
No, they're like, before the second period, they're like, Russian gas.
They're like, Stapleton, no more.
No more.
One time game.
One time game.
Oh, I used to try to.
But I was on.
You know that shit's really expensive.
It's like 300 bucks.
Really?
Yeah.
And these guys mosey hacking them.
So I was on teams that.
We had a Russian gas guy that traveled with us.
He was all gas.
All gas.
And one time I walked in on him because we had like an optional practice.
And then the trainer was like, hey, team, gas?
And I was like, absolutely.
It's 11 in the morning.
Like, I'd gas me up.
My brain is still recovering from Russian grass.
A little mimosa.
A little OJ in there.
But gas.
Like, instead of having a sip on a mimosa, you have a guy, like, fucking suffocating you.
You know, how weird was it?
Because you're on your back, and this guy, this Russian guy is just like, fuck.
It's like.
Oh, no.
So I never got the mask.
I got the needle.
What kind of gas were you doing?
I got.
You didn't even do the gas.
I didn't do the. No, my gas was the needle? You didn't even do the gas. I didn't do the...
No, my gas was the needle, though.
It's still the Russian gas, bro.
You're fueling your body with Russian gas via a needle.
But I didn't get the actual gas mask.
You were doing the gas mask.
You have three minutes of like...
And you're just breathing.
And I was listening to techno music.
You're like, crystal meth's unreal.
And then you get up and you're speaking fluent Russian
for fucking 10 seconds.
And then you come to and you drive home.
But dude.
Spasibo, spasibo.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm just like saying.
What team was it with the dude fucking the team trainer
put the gas himself?
Well, I was just going to say, that's what I was saying.
I wasn't on the team.
The guy died, I think.
Yeah, yeah.
Not the.
Yeah, no, no.
We're not making fun of Dad.
No, but I walked in. He fell asleep? No, I walked. Yeah, yeah. Not the... Yeah, no, no. We're not making fun of death. No, but I walked in on our gas...
He fell asleep?
No, I walked in on our gas guy laying sideways
because I think he thought we had practiced
and he was gassing himself.
Swear to God.
And I was like, I swear to God.
He's like sideways.
He's like gassing himself.
So I kind of knocked him.
He's like, oh, you fucking...
Gass session.
I'm like, I would be doing that all day, buddy.
Keep going.
I mean, finish the session.
Blow it in my mouth.
Blow it in my mouth.
Yeah, but it was...
Secondhand gas.
Yeah, give it to me.
I don't even know what it really did.
I just know it was like an unbelievable three minutes.
So, wait, wait.
So, you would do it pre-game?
No, no.
It was always like either like long travel.
He said it was for like, you know, if you were traveling a lot or after games.
And you would notice a difference?
You just felt like you were at your best?
He's like, yeah.
You ever smoked a Monts of Ball?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like that.
I like getting high.
This had nothing to do with my performance.
This had to do with the three minutes of forgetting that I was in Russia.
Have you ever hit a jewel 53 times in a row?
Becoming a Russian.
Becoming a Russian, yeah.
No, it was...
It's like making a murder, making a Russian.
You know what?
I'm like fucking...
Henny was always nervous of like, you can't bash...
The K-Show was great.
Well, listen.
The K-Show was fucking awesome.
It was awesome.
We got great stories from it. I got a beautiful It was awesome We got great stories from it
I got a beautiful house today
You got great stories
It was great
But Kazan
You brought it up
That's a big time team over there
It's like
Ska
Seska
Magnetogors
Kazan
What's the other really good one
Automobiles
What city is that
Automobiles
What team is that
Metal
Whatever It doesn't matter.
Kazan,
it's a big deal. You go over there and you're playing
well. How did that firing go down? You just get a
call one day? Yeah.
That was exactly what happened.
You never even found out what they didn't like about you?
I think I had a bad playoffs
and it was like the first time
they lost in the first round.
Like I said, I'm a fucking
You're a loser.
Yeah.
You never won a thing.
I'm a mush.
You guys want to go to the casino after and lose.
Dude, I can't win anything.
No, but he  yeah, no, and that was the thing.
I had a good, decent regular season and then playoffs, I was awful.
And then they weren't really happy and then they
I think they heard like I was trying to like trade myself.
Which you were probably. Yeah, I might have been. Yeah, I think they heard like I was trying to like trade myself. Which you were probably.
Yeah, I might have been.
I was, fuckers.
And then they, I just got a call and they're like, you're fired.
And I was like, all right.
And they paid me.
I was going to say.
I mean, the next day.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
So I was like, and then I signed a Neftahemic.
Dude, the Neftahemic selling point, this coach called me and I knew about the town.
I'm like, dude.
About the what?
The town.
The town was just fucking a dump.
And swear to God, this guy was like, dude, we got a Burger King.
I was like, wait, what?
Say that again?
You got a Burger King?
And he's like, yeah, man.
And I'm like, really?
I'm in.
That guy was going to be like, I'm in.
I love Burger King.
But that was like his selling point.
That's how bad this town was.
You're like the new fries or the old fries?
I like the breaded chicken.
Like O'Shea's at Vegas.
Hey, every time you show up, we're going to give you a cardboard crown.
Yeah, yeah.
You are going to get a cardboard crown.
He was a Finnish guy, and he was trying so hard to sell me where he was.
And I knew where he was.
I'm like, dude, you can't.
He's like, man, it's not that bad.
You could tell in his voice, too.
He's like losing his breath.
He's telling the gun to his head while he was saying it. He's like, I've been here three days, man. You know, it's pretty good. Have you could tell In his voice too He's like losing his breath He's telling the gun
To his head
While he was saying it
He's like I've been here
Three days man
You know it's pretty good
We got a Burger King
And I'm like what
Okay well what about
The other thing
Hennessy had
He was getting waterboarded
While telling you
Tell him there's a
Fucking Burger King
Yeah he's got
Like the guy's
In the back of the car
Tell him you're
Blockbuster too
He's got the two red dots
On his chest
We have internet
Tell him Alright so how about Thisbuster the team. He's got the two red dots on his chest. We have internet.
Tell him.
All right, so how about this one in Neftahimic?
You know, every KHL point matters, right?
You know, these games are, you get win bonuses over there.
You win a game, you fucking make a little money.
So Neftahimic goes to a shootout.
This guy being one of the most skilled players on all the teams he played on.
The coach says, go ahead in the shootout. Nope. This nope turns around goes i ain't shooting so the first two guys go and coach goes
please tim shoot please and you ended up hennessy you ended up going fuck fine you went down and
buried it low blocker for the game winner but why the hell were you saying no originally um
that's probably that's a true story i don't know i mean it was
my third year in russia i didn't know what the fuck too much russian gas like dude i don't know
like that's just how i you're just saying no yeah and doesn't know why but i should be like no i'm
not going the creaking off story the reason i got traded on that is because i was by the like the
10th game with him uh the same thing happened third period came and uh every time my
line we came i just sat i told i was like max go and so like after like fucking eight shifts they
they fucking were like they realized i was just attending a bench basically you were basically
myself i was like i'm not playing anymore and then i i got on the plane and my agent called me he's
like igor krikenov has seen some crazy, but he's never seen someone bench themselves.
And I was like, dude.
I'm like, I don't know.
This Stapleton's too crazy for me.
We need to cut him.
He's crazy.
He's overdosing on our gas.
I was actually kind of hurt.
I was hurt.
And I was like, they didn't believe me.
They didn't believe me.
Did you guys hear the story, though, how they said we went on strike?
No?
Oh, yeah.
That made the Washington Post.
Yeah, what the hell was that?
That's this whole story.
Okay, let's hear it.
Well, it's just basically kind of-
I forgot about that.
It kind of just goes after that because I was just the next game.
Wasn't it growing?
Yeah, that's the thing. It wasn't like I was like- You couldn't- I was like, dude, game. Wasn't it your groin? Yeah, that's the thing.
It wasn't like I was like,
I was just like, dude, I'm fucking brutal out here.
Like, I don't even want to play.
You know what I mean?
And I was just like, I don't, like, I just can't play.
And this guy would like, didn't believe me.
And so the next game I finally called, you know,
I told my agent, I'm like, listen, I had to bench myself.
Like fucking, they don't, you know, just,
so they let me sit out that game.
And then Sexton had a concussion from the, so they let me sit out that game and then sexton had
a concussion uh from the that you know he sat out that game and then our import goalie was like
running around the rink from finish getting like sprained his ankle so we had three guys and this
was like literally when the ruble crashed so they thought we ruble crashed imports aren't playing
and it came out that we were on strike. And then the next game,
my agent called me
in the morning. He's like, hey, everyone thinks you
went on strike. You have to play tonight.
Dude, my groin's still pulled.
Listen to this. We were in Novo Kuznets.
Oh, we talked about it.
That's where Soap was.
Drug capital of the planet.
You see Soaps now.
I'm kidding. I love soaps.
I know.
We guys are buddies.
I hope he laughs at that.
And they made me do an MRI at this fucking...
They put me on a...
You ever seen the movie Kickboxer with Van Damme?
No.
He might have.
I've seen Kickboxer.
When the brother gets his back broken and they just carry him out on this piece of wood and throw him in the fucking parking lot.
His MRI comes back.
It's a color by number.
No, no.
It's on a fucking view master.
They put me on this-
It's a bright light.
This wooden board, and they fucking threw me in this thing.
And they had this squeeze thing.
They're like, and discomfort.
You squeeze this.
I'm squeezing this thing within 10 seconds.
And nobody's coming in.
No, no.
And what I was going is like we didn't do it.
Like it lasted like four minutes because I was like, I can't fucking do this, you know.
So they fucking, we get to the rink and I just get there in time for practice and they give Krikenoff like this thing like he's going to read an MRI.
They gave him a coaching MRI?
So they fucking read.
I know in my head.
Coaches like this.
No pull.
No tear.
No, and I know in my head this thing was a four minute, you know, so I'm just my head. Coaches like this. No pull. No tear. I know in my head this thing was a four-minute.
So I'm just like, whatever.
He's doing the thing.
The coach.
He's not injured.
I'm like, wait a minute.
So then I played.
I go medical school too.
Fucking plays.
I played.
Dude, this story gets even crazier.
So I played.
And then I ended up scoring the game-winning goal.
So then we came back and we finished that road trip and went home.
Do you remember who it was against?
Oh, no, because that's  sorry.
Yeah, some  Igor?
Yeah.
You mean the goalie's name?
Oh, Igor, Igor?
I don't know, yeah.
Ifgeny?
No, I forgot the team.
We have a 50 chance.
I have a good team, yeah.
And Muhammad.
I was covered all bases.
So the next day, we had a day off, but we never had days off.
It was like you had to come to the rink and take a sauna or play soccer.
You were like gas.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So we came to the rink and the coach gave this fucking speech.
And he's like, I'm hearing my name like every five.
Da-da-da, Stiglerton, Stiglerton.
And I'm sitting there kind of like.
That's never good.
But I'm kind of, I took it as like, okay.
He's pumping my.
Yeah. Why can't you be more like Stacey?
Yeah,
battle through injuries,
score a couple of hits.
You know what I mean?
I was injured,
MRI,
and I scored and all that shit.
So in my head,
I'm like,
okay,
you know,
like I'll take that.
and,
yeah,
so he said all that shit.
And then the team,
you know,
after the meeting ended,
the team went and worked out, and they took me downstairs,
and they did these, like, bike sprints.
Like, I'm in this dungeon doing these bike sprints,
but in my mind was, like, I'm just doing a separate workout, right?
So I'm down there.
Holy fuck, dude.
Yeah, and the assistant coach is, like, just screaming at me,
and I'm like, okay, I'll work hard, you know, like, I'm just, you know.
Such a fake work hard. And then I got done, and I'm just down there, and then, like, another player showed up, and I'm like, okay, I'll work hard. Such a fake work hard.
And then I got done, and I'm just down there,
and then another player showed up, and I'm just by myself,
and he's sitting there, and he's biking by himself.
And I'm like, what are you doing?
And he's like, I'm sick.
I'm sick.
You know, faking a cough or whatever they do.
And he looks at me, and he's like, how do you feel?
He was a Russian guy, and I'm like, what do you mean?
He's like, about what Krikunov said.
And I'm like, I feel great.
That was in Russian, bro. Dude, he ripped my MRI. He's like, about what Krikunov said. And I'm like, I feel great. That was in Russian, bro.
I'm a leader.
He's a doctor, too.
You didn't know?
I figured I'm going to be getting the captaincy here.
And he's like, well, he said that you fake injury, you're fined 1,000,
and you're no longer part of the team.
And that's what they were punishing me.
Wow.
Fuck.
You scored the game for a game winner.
Yeah.
And then I went nuts.
But I called my agent and said,
get me the fuck out of here.
This Krikov guy still coaching?
I have no idea.
Well, here's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to say this on behalf of you is Krikov
because I would imagine this is going to somehow get to him
because we have Russian reporters that do listen to our podcast,
is this is the type of shit we're talking about
when we bash on Russia.
So what your boy Krikinov did to Stapleton is fucking bullshit,
and then he lied about him and then challenged his character.
So on behalf of the Spitting Chicklets podcast,
Mr. Krikinov can lick my fucking ballsack.
You think Krikinov will come on? I don't know. I don't know if he my fucking ballsack You think Krik will come on?
I don't know
I don't know if we should fucking talk to him
He ran his practices
With like a stopwatch
And he would
Like his theory was like
So we would do like a two on one drill
For like 25
This guy wouldn't like run the practice
He would just say go
Do this drill until I blow the whistle
And then he would just be like talking to people
Like texting on the phone
And we would like do a twoon-one for 30 minutes.
The guy was this real old-school Soviet Union.
I remember he was a moron.
Mr. Krikunov was a moron.
He knows nothing about the game.
He's a fucking drill sergeant.
He's had pretty good teams.
I mean, pretty good record, I think.
Yo, you brought up something so funny and I remember there was a meeting
where my Russian
coach was like,
and he said it like four times.
Same thing. You're like,
I think this is good.
I'm playing okay. I don't know.
And then I remember he walked out of the room
and all the Russian guys were like,
I was like,
what?
And then I remember one kid was walking by. He goes, no, not good, not good. and all the rushing guards were like, I was like, what?
And then I remember one kid was walking by.
He goes, no, not good, not good.
And then one kid told me, he said, you're soft.
You play like shit.
I was like, fuck.
I was like, I thought that one was going good.
But even the players would do that too sometimes. You'd just get like five guys in the corner.
Oh, you hear your name.
And they're like, blah!
They'd tell me like, what the fuck is going on?
What are you saying over there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're sitting alone in the fuck is going on? What are you saying over there?
You're sitting alone in the cafeteria.
Did you have Baza?
Oh, Kazan was, I was going to say that about, yeah.
Baza, explain it again.
We've explained it a couple times. Just night before games, you got to go and they consider it like you're with the team
and you're basically in like a barracks, like dorms kind of, right?
Army setting.
The one in Neftahimic was straight up like. Barracks. Like dorms kind of, right? Army setting. The one in Neftahimic was straight up like...
Barracks.
Oh.
But the one in Kazan was actually like...
Nice.
Yeah, but the weird thing is the whole team lived in this gated security thing.
And they had a...
Where our apartments were, they had baza still in this thing
where we had to check in the night before a game and stay,
and it was literally like 10 yards away.
Like they didn't want you sleeping with like your family or anything.
And they had security everywhere, and I remember one time I came home
at like 3 a.m. with like a bag of McDonald's all fucked up,
and the next day they called me.
It was on camera.
Well, it's a different city.
And then the next day they called me camera. Well, it's a different city. And then the next day
they called me in
and they're like,
you can't be coming in
with McDonald's at 3 a.m.
And I'm like,
I didn't.
And they showed me the video.
No.
Yeah, they had to get up.
Like, holy fuck,
this place is fucked.
Fucking Hawaii for sound.
Yeah, holy shit.
That's how I looked at it.
Like, it wasn't fucked.
I couldn't even get McDonald's.
Jay-Z's ate J.B. Spiezel's Pop Fella Corner.
Eat all that fucking McDonald's.
Eat it now and then do a 10-mile run.
Oh, my God.
Well, so when Russia ended, Switzerland?
Switzerland.
Oh, God.
That must be a...
Because listen, when we were together...
I know you went back.
You sicko.
When we were together, I remember a dinner with you In Sochi
And we were like
Dude we gotta get to Switzerland
Switzerland's like
Andy Dufresne
Leaving Shawshank
When you're in Russia
You're just like
Switzerland
You're like 40 games
Rich
Beautiful country
And then you ended up
Getting to pull that one off
Where'd you end up
Going in Swiss?
I went to Biel
Which is
Good spot?
All of Switzerland Switzerland's awesome Well my son was born You know And that's why I didn't off where'd you end up going in swiss i went to beale which is good spot all of switzerland
switzerland's awesome well my son was born you know and that's why i didn't that's why i went
to switzerland like it wasn't i think i still would have played we maybe in good good dough
in swiss no i was terrible that yeah that was actually terrible like i was uh in beale like
and then i got traded to lugano well that's where that's where Hennessy was, too, for a little bit. Yeah.
But the Swiss league was, I mean, every league was different.
Every league was like, what the fuck?
Yeah.
Kind of, you know?
Especially when it came to hockey.
Like, no one thought the game, I mean, everyone just made it so hard.
Like, you know, the Switzerland team I was on, the guy played man on man.
On Olympic sheets.
Yeah.
So you would be, like, in the D zone, just like, I got my guy.
So a guy, like, if a guy fell down. Breakaway. He had a breakaway from like the hash you know i mean and then like everyone's like i got my guy i had my guy you know like basketball
yeah and then they would do video on them be like stave's lost his guy and i'm like it's called
support and fucking there's another way to do this the other guys were in the corner just being like
putting the guy against the wall and be like leave your guy that didn't matter and help me out when I fell.
You know, so it was just different everywhere.
Yeah.
What was the best?
I obviously wasn't Russia, but you will say,
oh, Germany, we didn't get to that yet.
But what was the best European country you played in?
Like, if you had to go back and play in one more European country.
Yeah, that's a great question.
Lugano.
Well, fuck, Helsinki was awesome.
Yeah. Helsinki's a great place. Lugano. Well, fuck, Helsinki was awesome. Yeah.
Helsinki's a great place.
Helsinki was awesome.
You know?
I heard they love the heavy metal there.
Oh, yeah.
Rassism.
Iron Maiden fans.
Yeah, big heavy metal.
That's all we listen to.
Did you embrace the culture at all there?
No.
Dude, if you speak English in Helsinki, you're a god.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, no.
And that was easy because everyone spoke English, too.
No, but if you were good
English, they would just like want to talk. They want to
talk to you. Am I right?
Well, you're white. So for me,
you're an Asian. They're like, get
out of here. I don't want
to buy a purse. I know
it's a fake purse. I never really had much
of an anger like in my career, you know,
but when someone would call
me like, hey, you fucking little Jap Japanese, like they call me Chinese when someone would call me like hey you fucking little
jap jap like they call me chinese i would get so like i'm not fucking japanese like that's what i
would get like most mad because no one ever knows what i am but i am filipino i'm irish yeah it's a
good mix and russian and all the gas yeah so after uh switzerland you did a little stint in sweden
or am i reading that league Riots yeah I went to Sweden
you were such a friggin suitcase at the end
I played on eight teams in four years
I traded myself
so maybe Keenan was right
I would buy Keenan a beer
I want to get back to Keenan
because he's actually a good guy
I would buy him a beer at the bar
I saw him at a charity event recently
but I'm obsessed with the fact
how can you turn it on to being such a fucking asshole?
But it worked.
He's sick in the head.
I mean, it worked.
I mean, he was a successful.
I'm not saying he was always successful.
That's just how it was, though, back then.
He did win a lot.
He actually told me one of the best stories.
He said that early in the 90s, they brought fucking, and this is like an example of like
guys would yell back at him, right?
Like the old school guys.
But they brought like the Hawks to charity,
our training camp thing in like Banff or something.
I don't know if you guys heard this story.
No, I haven't.
They get away.
Yeah, and it was a ski resort.
And Kenan's like, I'm giving this fucking speech to everyone.
People brought their wives and girlfriends.
And, you know, I got my wife.
And I'm like, there's one fucking rule.
No fucking skiing.
I don't want anyone getting hurt.
Is that a euphemism or actual skiing?
Ari does blow.
I don't know if you do.
Ari's like, wait, you skiing?
Yeah.
Keenan, you hold it.
Keenan's like, so after we practice, he's like, so me and my wife go skiing,
and we're like strolling down this ski hill, and he said, all of a sudden,
two guys, one of them, he said, go bombing by me.
Ski poles like laid out like they're fucking downhill racing, jeans on.
Fuck you, Kenan.
It's Chelly and Roenick.
No way.
No way.
So that's, you know what I mean?
Like, that's like, so he, that's how it was.
He loves it.
That's how it was back in the day, though, right?
Yeah.
So that's why his method was, that was his method.
Dude, when he would yell at these fucking Russian guys, it was comedy.
Because these Russian guys would just, you know, that dumb look of just like,
and Keenan would be like, Max, you fucking pussy, like fucking da-da-da-da-da, you know?
And then Max is just sitting there, like, arm, like, hanging, like, you know?
And then Keenan would walk out, and Max would be like, Tim, what do you say?
I'd be like, keep going, man.
Like, keep flying out there, will be like, Tim, what do you say? I'd be like, keep going, man.
Keep flying out there, Max.
You're buzzing, dude.
He didn't have a Russian coach say stuff after.
That's why he fit well in there because he would just yell.
He thought he was pumping them up.
He was Tony Robbins.
He was Tony Robbins.
He thought he was a Russian guy.
This guy's the best.
He spit in their faces.
And he's like, wow, these guys. You can do it.
But no, and that's why,
that's what I didn't understand at times.
It was like, dude, no one's like this.
This isn't going to work.
So stop yelling at me, A, and B.
That is so funny.
Oh, man, he's fucking,
but that Shelly Roenick story is fucking,
and maybe I'm quoting it wrong,
so don't, but that's.
No, no, no, no.
We don't give a shit.
It's real.
It's now real.
If it's not real, it's real.
That's real as feathers on...
That's as real as feathers on a squirrel, so we're good.
Just blue jeans on.
So how do you end up...
Like fucking...
Jabose.
Yes.
Hilarious.
How do you end up back in fucking Russia, though?
Like, how'd that play out?
Money?
No, actually...
Got held hostage?
No, he's like, I need the gas.
I was playing.
I was going through gas withdrawals and fucking.
No, but I just, I didn't, I don't know.
I just wasn't, when I was, Sweden was tough for me.
Yeah.
Great country, but they fucking, I just went there and played like third line.
And, you know, at that time I was like, I should be playing power play or something you know you want to play what you think you're you know right right you know it's not yeah
and and it was late in my career and that was kind of my mentality and um i figured like well
fuck if i'm gonna hate playing my little dude in fucking russia get high every day you know
i actually liked russia when i yeah because you're a sicko deep down
no i i was uh I went to Moscow.
Oh, so. And that was awesome.
That'll work. That was awesome. And we had, Gilroy
was on the team. Oh, you were on Spartak?
Yeah. No way. Gilroy
was money over there, dude.
I had one goal in like 20 games.
These guys were like fucking, you talk
about like your teammates just looking at you in disgust.
They hated you. Well, yeah, I mean
they probably did, but they were just like,
couldn't believe how bad hockey was.
Not earning his gas.
So then the last year,
you end up in Germany, and then that was it.
I started in the Swiss second league.
Yeah.
And they were mad,
and I was leading the team in scoring,
and that league was like,
imports have three points a game.
Like, that's what they average.
And then some of these guys, and I just couldn't figure out how to play that kind of hockey.
I wasn't a fucking...
It's kind of all over the map.
Well, it's just like, if you have any one-on-one skill, you can dominate.
Because it's the second league.
It wasn't bad.
Guys can skate well and stuff.
But it was just...
More of individual efforts.
Yeah, and I need to play with other guys.
I need to use my teammates.
A lot of my good years, if you want to say that, I had really good lines.
I mean, it's not like I was never a one-on-one.
So over there, they were expecting me to dangle around.
Dude, I need some line mates, bud.
I'm like, you know, exactly.
And then I went to Germany.
My coach from my very first year in Finland was a coach in Germany.
And he's like, I'll put you on the power play.
That was a good way to end it.
He's got one of those globes in his house
where he puts a needle every place he's been.
You can't even see any water at this point.
Dennis Mapps.
He's the only guy that has a business in South Africa
but hasn't been there.
No, the business is here.
It's just a South African.
Let's go back to that.
Boyke's Bill Tongues.
I know you weren't dealing with it.
Get it. Live ad read. Boyke's.com. I know you weren't dealing with Get it live ad read
Boyke's dot com
Yeah you want me to do it
Yeah do a live ad read
K-E-Y-S
No B-O-I-K-E-Y-S
Boyke's
Chili Bill Tongue
Bill Tongue
Bill Tongue
Tender slices of air dried beef
32 grams of protein
Made in the USA
U.S. inspected and passed
By the Department of Agriculture
That's a phantom
You guys definitely fucking
It was
First of all
It was tasty
You're telling me
There's less sugar
In that shit
Than there is in like
In other types of
There's no sugar in this
Zero
Yeah
Zero grams of sugar
Zero grams of sugar
What's the most negative
Half the sodium
Okay what's the
The negative aspect
Oh half the amount of sodium
Half the sodium
Yeah this stuff's like
Off the wall like healthy
Yeah
No We didn't know that until like a week ago.
My wife's like healthy.
I'm like, wait a minute, this is healthy?
When you sent that, she looked through it.
She's like, wow, this stuff's actually really good for you.
If you grab some of the beef jerky in a gas station, you're like, dude.
You started this or your buddy?
We both did.
Tell them we can get in talks
or some swipe ups,
a couple of biz 20 promo codes.
Steve, you're the man for coming on.
This has been fun.
I did want to tell one story.
Let's go.
This is brought to you by Boinkies.
This is the story.
This is the ad of a Boinkies.
Yeah, go for it.
This is my favorite Russian story.
And it's not like, you know,
you guys talk about
the everyday to today stuff.
In Minsk,
there was an import player, Kevin Lalonde.
Goalie.
He was there for five years.
I don't know if you know Dawsey. When you play
in these countries for a certain amount of
years, they'll offer
you a passport. Dawsey can play
for the Kazakhstan Olympic team.
Minsk was doing that.
Kevin had a
Belarus passport and a Canadian
passport at the time.
The first month we get there, he gets his apartment.
He's got this decent
apartment, but he's paying
almost 4,000 a month,
which is a lot there. He's paying it in cash
to the landlord.
The first month he paid, the landlord came over. We we met him he came with his wife nice couple and uh you know a few
months go by and as the season's going by kevin's all he's got suddenly got this thing going on
where he thinks there's a ghost in his apartment he's like dude there's a fucking ghost in my
apartment right and i'm like we're laughing about it says that you don't believe yeah yeah yeah he's
just like there's things being moved and there's like this and i'm like well dude we are in fucking belarus whatever
so january comes around we go on this road trip and uh we went to like finland and prague had a
team and then we were going into russia and kevin forgot his canadian passport so like two days into
this trip he's like fuck i can't go to in into russia so the team had to fly him back so he
comes back and he gets in at like 2 a.m. in Minsk
and he's only got, he's got to get back on a flight in like four hours. So he gets to his
apartment and he puts the key in and he's going to open the door and it won't open. And he's like,
fuck, am I at the right? He's like, yeah, I'm at the 23. And he hears a dog and he's like,
what the fuck? So, and then he realizes his door is like bolted from the inside. He's like,
what the fuck? So he starts pounding on this thing. Dude, the door opens and then he realizes his door is like bolted from the inside he's like what the fuck she's just pounding on this thing somebody's in there dude the door opens and this guy opens the
door and he's got like he's in his boxers no shirt on it's the fucking landlord the
i swear he was gone he was gone he would move the family back
swear to god he was charging this guy like four grand a month and then we would go on these 10
day road trips and he would move his...
Kevin said he came in, the kid's sleeping on the couch.
This guy's there.
The wife's in his bed.
They got the family pictures up.
Yeah, you swear to God.
Swear to God.
So what did he do?
He said...
Nothing.
Eventually that stopped, but he said at the time, he's like, I couldn't process what was
going on.
So I was just like, we got to talk about this later.
I need to get like three hours of sleep.
So he's like, I'm walking to my room, and the guy's like, Kevin, can you use a spare bedroom?
My wife's in there.
And then the best part about it was that Kevin was like every month they always asked me about a cleaning lady.
And it was always right before we went on the road.
So they were also charging him.
They wanted it clean too for when they went in.
No, after.
For after.
So they would stay there and then get it clean and Kevin had to pay for it all.
Oh, fucking double bubble.
That's incredible. That's fucking double bubble. But how fucked is that?
That's incredible.
That's fucking...
Yeah.
That's incredible.
And it's not like the funniest story, but it's just like fucking...
Yeah, that's...
For me, it's more like just like...
Sums it up.
That's insane.
That's fucking...
Russia.
That's Russia.
That's a great way to end it, dude.
Well, hey, Stapes, that was awesome.
Thank you so much.
Thanks for having me.
Let's get one of the funniest we've done.
Let's go have some dinner and tell some stories that we can't tell on here, unfortunately.
Hey, thanks for dinner, Stapes.
Huge thanks again to our pal Timmy Stapleton.
I believe he's meeting us down in Dallas for the All-Star game.
So he'll be joining forces with us once again for some quality content.
In the meantime, I want to talk to you for a second about Jeremy Roenick's J.R.'s Charity Challenge.
It's going to be going on during the New Year's Day with the Classic in Dallas.
So go to www.jrcharitychallenge.com to play against jr the chickens guys nhl greats and
other sports stars live as the predators take on the stars play and win for a chance to win
two tickets to the skills competition and all-star game while meeting up with jr in st louis
go to social media during the game and call out JR, Biz Nasty,
Witt, myself, and others when you are higher than them on the leaderboard.
JR's Charity Challenge is a new way to test your hockey skills
and knowledge against the celebrity leaderboard
by predicting who will control the opening faceoff,
get the first penalty, have more shots on goal,
and if the game will go to overtime.
The JR Charity Challenge benefits Juju Smith-Schuster's foundation
that is dedicated to the support of youth initiatives
and lifting the spirits of those in need.
And next up, we had a few guys at once on this one.
Back in January, a few of the Vegas Golden Knights came into headquarters.
It was Ryan Reeves, Marc-Andre Fleury, and Nate Schmidt came in,
and we had a blast, man.
It was three at once.
We never really did an interview like that,
but everything went pretty smooth.
So we got some good stuff.
So over to that.
We're going to send it to the Vegas Golden Knights right now.
We are now pleased to be joined by a couple absolute stallions
from the Vegas Golden Knights in New York City to play the Islanders,
the Devils, the Rangers with a couple nights off in between Nate Schmidt,
Marc-Andre Fleury, and Ryan Reeves.
Thanks for joining us, fellas.
Thanks for having us, boys.
Yeah, thanks for having us.
Which club did you go to last night?
No, they didn't.
You guys know.
I guess last night.
Yeah, sorry.
Which club were you guys at last night?
Sorry for going out.
Sorry for getting away from my wife kidding, going out at night.
Jesus Christ.
We just met GSP, right?
Yeah.
You have met him before.
Quick handshake, but first time I get to talk to him a little bit.
He's so giddy, man.
He's smiling from ear to ear.
He got back, he's like,
I'm Pancho.
Hey, how are you?
Pancho, hello.
So excited to see you.
I couldn't believe looking at that guy.
That guy's Reeves just towers over him, but he would probably dummy him.
It's unbelievable.
I see these guys in the bar, and I was like, I'd bang you out. And then you run into him, and I'm sleeping probably dummy him. It's unbelievable. Like, I see these guys in the bar, and I was like, oh, I'd bang you out.
And then you run into them, and they're sleeping next to you.
It's crazy.
I just can't believe that.
The cool thing about coming in this office, I mean, I've been here four times now.
You run into people sometimes.
You're just like, we walked in yesterday, and a basketball almost hit me in the head.
It was the Harlem Globetrotters.
I was like, what the fuck's going on?
My first day here, Ricky Williams was here.
Was he?
Yeah, Ricky Williams.
You smoked that shit with him?
I mean, fuck, dude.
I worked with the Coyotes.
Come on.
Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.
The Arizona Coyotes, not a big deal.
So, guys, actually, Schmitty, I'll ask you first.
I'll ask you first.
Speaking of drugs.
Exactly, exactly.
Speaking of suspensions.
Start off later.
The two of us are on the same position.
Hey, we had your back on here.
Yeah, we did.
I appreciate that.
I was like, he says he didn't take shit.
Did you read his statement?
Don't listen to anyone who says he did anything wrong.
But we actually talked one quickly about, you went over to Europe?
Yeah.
So what was that like?
Where'd you go over there?
I went to Vienna.
I practiced with the Vienna Capitals there. That's in Austria for our Europe? Yeah. So what was that like? Where'd you go over there? I went to Vienna. I practiced with the Vienna Capitals there.
That's in Austria for our audience, because not very far away from Vienna.
Not very worldly.
Like, Manila?
What?
How'd you settle in Austria?
My agent, we just were calling around.
I was asking any of the guys.
Yeah, Matt Decatur.
Yeah, we were just calling around trying to find somewhere and landed on Vienna.
It was a beautiful city.
I had a lot of fun.
It was great.
I got to go to London with the team to the Swiss Alps.
Went to Zurich.
Yeah, I did some traveling.
Might as well make the best out of a shitty situation.
It's almost like you planned this.
You had a little great sabbatical.
You're like, I'll be over there in two years.
I'm going to set this up.
It'll be perfect.
Just save a locker room.
And then cap it off with a nice new ticket.
Wow.
It's just crazy how that works.
Congrats on that.
Congrats on being rich.
Congrats on being rich.
Flowers are rich.
Remo's pretty rich.
So, Flowers.
I robbed the bank, though.
Yeah, you did.
Two years.
Pay attention.
Oh, yeah, but four million?
How much? Five, five mitts. Two years. Pay attention. Oh, yeah, but 4 million? How much?
5.55.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Fire girl.
Thanks for coming.
He even bought himself a new pair of mitts,
and look at him working this year.
Dude, what do you got, six tucks?
So when people say you're useless online,
I'm like, these guys obviously don't check out HockeyDB.
This guy's got six goals.
Yeah, you close your eyes and shoot a little more often.
It's nice.
Yeah, but you're the alpha in the league now.
Like, you are.
Like, who the fuck's going to fight you now?
I mean, the child would.
Not a lot.
What about Big Buff?
I think him and Big Buff would be a good one.
No, I've tried.
I've tried a couple times with Big Buff.
No, I don't think that's really his game, though.
No.
Just mushing people into the ice when he's skating by.
That's kind of his game lately.
Yeah, he's a monster.
But tell us about Austria.
That's great. I would practice
and get bag skated every day by this Finnish coach.
He would come out with no stick,
no gloves, and just put his hands behind his back
and just skate up and down the ice.
He was so hungover.
Fifteen laps to start a pre-game skate for them one day.
Fifteen laps. I got back to the bench
and I look up in the stands of the gym and I go,
where am I? I'm going to be the best shape of my life when I go back.
They're not going to believe I came back and wasn't doing anything.
They're going to be like, where'd you go again?
Austria.
No, it was great.
Then every day I'd go out and do something around the city.
It was awesome.
It was a good team there.
A lot of good imports, guys.
I got to know.
It was something that you never know.
Once in a lifetime experience, unfortunately.
Hopefully.
Yeah.
If that happens again, like I say, I'm probably just
taking the Euro.
I remember saying,
like, I was in, like,
Pittsburgh playing good.
I was like, man,
imagine going to Europe
and playing.
Next thing you know,
I'm on the way to Russia.
I'm like, fuck.
You got it, man.
Don't be so quick.
Taping your paychecks
to your chest.
Wait, what's going on?
Oh, my flight leaves tomorrow?
I said I'd never do this.
Shit.
Thanks for getting me
traded, Flower.
Nate, when you came back, did you think you were in better shape going to Europe than
you would have been if you'd been playing in the National Hockey League?
Yeah.
No shit, huh?
It was, well, living in Vegas has its perks.
No, but we came back, and like I said, I was bag skating every day, five, six times a day,
or five, six times a week, not five, six times a day.
But like I said, they take their skating a little bit more seriously.
They skate and skate and skate.
What was it like?
You were training with this team, hanging out with them all the time, and then the game
come and you just eat popcorn in the press box?
Well, they told me I could go on the road, so I went on the road with them one game.
The only problem is, this is terrible.
The GM and I flew to this place, and the rest of the team bust there.
Oh, D-Bone.
You know what? I'm so fucking... That's NHL. the team bussed there. Oh, D-Bus. You don't care.
I'm so fucking...
That's NHL.
I'm in the NHL.
That's what we do.
The guys are like, yo, NHL.
We fly.
We bus.
We fucking have cold sandwiches.
We have nice meals.
It's like a nine-hour bus ride home from Zurich, and the GM and I are flying back and beat
the guys back there to the rink the next morning.
You're watching Slapshot by the 710.
I felt great.
I was French.
Nice and rested.
Changing topics here.
You guys had a bit
of a shaky start to the season.
If you guys could just
stop laughing and let me
ask my serious question
for fuck's sakes.
He's like being a journalist.
I'm being a journal.
You guys had a bit
of a rough start to the season.
You guys have been
buzzing lately though.
Let's talk about
the turnaround.
A little hangover
from last year, boys? A little too much
partying and excess?
Couldn't tell you about the first two weeks. No, I've never even been to
excess.
Hey, what are you talking about, bitch?
We're buzzing now.
Yeah.
Why, Bailey?
Schmitty let us down in Ottawa.
Yep, yep. Come on.
Hey, like the first text, you're like, Schmitty, what the fuck?
Very strong correlation to when you got back and the team did start playing well.
Yeah, we did.
I don't know, obviously he's a big part of our team, right?
He does so much for us.
And on and off the ice, always has that nice smile and positive attitude and a lot of talking.
Always talking.
But all the ice obviously is doing great too.
All right, we talk a is obviously doing great, too.
All right.
We talk a lot about pranks, Flower.
How bad is it with him still?
Is he still?
He's been pretty quiet, actually.
Really, Flower?
Pretty quiet. Pretty tame since I've been here.
I think I got lazy, I think.
Well, we said the other day that the prank game's dangerous
because once you're in, you're always watching your back.
I was like, maybe you got tired of it.
I can't keep doing this.
It's been 12 years of me pranking people.
I got somebody good the other day.
Who'd you get?
What was it?
You're snitching on yourself.
Yeah, who knows?
What happens when you get a microphone in front of you and you say anything?
You're finishing the story.
Oh, shit.
Because I never said I did it, actually.
So this one time, he works in our PR.
So he walks beside me and he taps me on the shoulder.
And I look and he walks on the other side.
So I say, oh, you little shit.
So you kidnapped his family?
He's literally dead.
He's a tiger.
He's a tiger in his room. So we went to Winnipeg. I read in the For his tiger in his room.
So we went to Winnipeg.
I read in the hotel, grabbed his room key,
went to his room. So I called
for a wake-up call at 5 in the
morning, then put the phone
under the bed.
And then turned the heat up quick.
And then, I don't know, you know the
trick in the toilet when you take
that hose out of the...
So it sprays you when you flush.
Yeah, yeah.
So you take it out.
I don't know that.
You know when you flush, like the water comes back in the tube.
But that tube you can pull out and then you put it on the side.
Take the cover out, put it on the side and you put a cover on it.
So you wouldn't be able to notice if you just went into the bathroom.
It's very subtle.
But then when you flush, it just like keeps spraying.
It never stops.
Spraying all over the bathroom.
It never stops because the tank doesn't get filled up.
So it just keeps...
So this dude's room was 87 degrees.
His wake-up call, he was reaching under the bed,
and his toilet buried him in the face.
What's happening with the toilet?
What's happening with the toilet?
I can't imagine if someone actually did something to you,
what would actually happen.
That's fucked up, man.
Try it.
We'll see.
Did you put Tabasco sauce? That's fucked up, man. Try it. We'll see. I started talking.
Did you put Tabasco sauce on someone's toothbrush in Montana?
Yeah.
In Montana.
When were you guys in Montana?
Before the season.
Oh, yeah.
You do pre-season up there, right? Yeah.
The owner took us up to his ranch.
Is it yellow?
Is it one of those?
What are those?
It's called Rock Creek.
Sick.
You're thinking of one of the discovery properties.
What is that, Yellowstone?
He's talking about the Kevin Costner TV show, I think.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Talking about where rich people have sick paths.
Tom Brady's got a place.
Yeah, Rock Creek, Calico.
That's where I'm at.
That's unreal.
Farr, remember when you shoe checked my dad?
My dad bought these fresh new shoes for the dad show.
He's like, dude, I got these things down at Johnson  Johnson
They're unreal
And next thing you know, Fleury's putting like butter all over the toes
He's like, motherfucker
I'm like, you gotta handle this a little better, man
We're gonna get it
Just leave it alone, dad
Leave it alone
Do you remember the one time you had a dead mouse in your shoe?
Yeah, we were talking about that.
You did, eh?
Oh, man.
I still remember that.
I was like, what the fuck?
Dead mouse.
That one's been brought up a bunch.
Real dead mouse?
A real dead mouse.
Dude, yeah.
Hold on, where are we now?
At Melon Arena, there's just mouses around.
I put my shoe on, and I was like, what the hell?
It's kind of small.
And that scene, oh, yeah.
It's so nasty.
I'm like, am I that much of a patient?
That's war right there.
That's war.
Oh, yeah.
I just took that one.
You kidnapped my family.
You know what I mean?
Take them for a week.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God.
Did you nail Bugs' shoes to his locker, though?
No, we nailed Tanger's.
Oh, Tanger's?
I was saying yesterday,
we tortured Tanger for a while.
Oh, yeah, the other one. And then I said to Biz, I'm like, okay, I think this kid. Oh, Tanger. I was saying yesterday, we tortured Tanger for a while. Oh, yeah, the other one for a while.
And then I said to Biz, I'm like, okay, I think this kid's going to be unreal.
I think I have to stop messing with him.
And then I got traded because he was so good.
And I was just like, this kid got the last laugh.
And three rings.
Maybe Fleury was behind this all day.
He's like, okay, the French guys, we will fuck with Whit.
We'll take care of them.
We're a Budweiser Canada podcast,
but I wanted to ask Revo,
you got a brewery.
I got a beer company.
A couple beers.
You're going to eventually have a brewery.
A brewing company.
7-5 Brewing Company.
You got to hit them with a promo code or something.
Yeah, hit that promo code.
Biz 20.
Biz just lost a couple cases. That's all that's going on here. Yeah, because they don code. Biz 20. What made you want to get into that? Biz just lost a couple cases.
That's all that's going on here.
Yeah, because they know resell it.
Exactly.
I'll get you to sign them, and I'll resell them.
Of course.
Got you.
Why do you wear 75?
Because I was a pigeon.
That's what they gave me in training camp.
Just stuck with it.
Just stuck with it.
Couldn't change it, eh?
No.
I was the same way.
I got called up with 75.
You want to change it?
No.
You got asked?
I didn't even get asked.
This is the next year, but I already played half a season.
Oh, okay.
One thing we didn't ask you about last time you were on the pod,
and I can't believe we forgot, it was more Hitch stories.
Oh, man.
He's back.
He's back.
It's insane.
I feel like he's always going to do that, Minton, at one point, right?
Yeah, but he's lost some weight.
I know.
He looks great.
He really looks like he's been running.
I was chirping him a little bit, but, yeah, his clothes are bagging off him a little.
He's doing good.
Yeah, he actually is.
He was an Austria trainer with Schmidt.
That's where he was.
That's why he didn't have a job for the first 20 games.
If you test him, something may pop up on that test, too, for a little itch.
Tell us your favorite itch story.
Oh, fuck, man.
Do you get weary
of doing it now
because he's back coaching?
A little bit, yeah,
because you never know.
He just pops up everywhere
I could play for one day.
Oh, he's going to line
match against McDavid
and just really fuck you
if you tell him that story.
Minus 10, man.
He's like,
go out and embarrass Revo.
The day he stole my soul,
our whole line,
it was me,
Otter, Lappy.
Oh, you told me this.
Oh, man.
So we just score.
He throws us out, center ice draw in New York.
They throw out Nash's line.
Hey, hey, change, change.
Puck hasn't even dropped yet.
You can just see he just starts boiling.
Calls a timeout, center ice.
We skate over the bench.
I don't like that fucking matchup.
Burns our only timeout in the third period.
You should have seen the boy that looks like
oh, Ted's buried.
Dude, timeout, I couldn't just
skate over and change. You know what I mean?
Can't just win a draw and dump the puck in?
That's all I do.
That was common for me.
If it was a D-zone draw
and let's say we were in Chicago,
and I got out there against Taves and Kane,
Tip was like, dude, I don't care.
Just sprint out of the zone, get to the bench.
We'll go five on four for five seconds.
Just get the fuck off the ice.
Kills the confidence, though.
Oh, yeah.
Revo, let's talk about the hit you had on Tom Wilson a couple weeks ago.
Were you surprised you got tossed from the game for that?
Yeah, a little bit.
I mean, we thought two minutes interference would have been suitable.
I didn't even think it was interference.
He's looking at his pass.
He watches his pass.
You know what I mean?
I think he said it best last year.
He shouldn't have been watching his pass, and I was just finishing my hit.
Did the same thing to Marchie last year.
Yeah, and there's also like there was a lot of,
I wouldn't say like a back story to you two,
but you're like, dude, I want to get this guy.
I mean, we got some history.
It's no secret we don't like each other.
I hate him.
I'm sure he hates me.
We play the same kind of style, and he don't want nothing.
It's so uncomfortable because I love them both.
That's just real life.
Now we're never going to get any capitals on.
We've got to play peacemaker over here.
No, because Wilson will come back on and say, did he say 1-0?
I don't think he would want to fight you, right?
You've asked him.
We've fought.
Oh, really?
But it seems like now, or at least in the playoffs, he didn't want to last year in the finals.
No, I think the last one didn't go as well as he wanted it to.
He's a good player.
He's a tough kid.
It was tough to see him hurt like that.
You don't want to see anybody hurt like that.
I fucking hate the guy.
That's just how it is.
We're paid to hate each other.
I played the same role as you.
Man, there were some guys that I could stand when I played.
That's just the nature of the beast.
The paychecks are nicer than the friendships.
Absolutely.
You got to do what you got to do.
When it's all said and done, and like I said, I love Willie, I love you,
and I'm sure if you guys ever met after your careers and had a beer,
you guys would enjoy it.
I'm sure, because I fucking hated you on the ice.
After that little slew foot, we were friends off.
That was it.
Prime example.
The reason I did it though is because I knew
fast forward five,
six years as Grinnell
was going to put the video out,
we're going to get
some content hits.
But prime example
is we fucking hated each other
and then the minute
we got to training camp
in St. Louis
to be the jesters,
we were...
You guys were over
my house first day.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and a nice big picture
ready for you there.
Yeah.
That's right.
Reba was like, why don't you come over i was like this guy's the best jesus
flower do you think you'll ever you like would you love to get in a tilt
nhl goalie fight yeah that was like something i've uh
since i when i was junior i fought twice right and then yeah
yeah up in cape red
one time i broke my knuckle though so the coach wasn't happy about that
but then uh i was like i always wanted to score a goal and maybe have a fight for throwing knuckles. One time I broke my knuckle, though, so the coach wasn't happy about that.
But then,
I was like,
I always wanted to score a goal and maybe have a fight,
you know.
And any chance to go
at an empty net yet?
I missed a few.
Maybe two.
You had one in preseason,
close.
But you wouldn't
like that.
Muffin.
Oh,
muffin.
That would be like
getting a hole-in-one
when you hit your first one
in the water.
It's actually a three.
You don't want a goal in preseason. Sick math. He's a math guy. Yeah, they had a hole-in-one when you hit your first one in the water, it's actually a three. You don't want a goal
three seasons.
Sick math.
He's a math guy.
Yeah, they had a hole-in-one,
unbelievable eagle.
I'm like, no, it was par.
But you go back
in the clubhouse
and tell them
you hit a hole-in-one.
No, I actually won't
because I don't want
to buy people drinks
because this is
wearing off on me.
Playing in Vegas, though,
I mean, that's got to be crazy.
It's the most unique city
in North America.
How long does it take for that novelty to wear
off like okay oh there's the strip and the fake
Statue of Liberty every day like when does that just become
another part of the scenery
you know we don't go down the strip
as much as you think
you know living out in Summerlin there's a lot to
do out there there's a lot of restaurants so you don't have to
you don't feel like you have to buzz
down the strip just to get something done so
yeah but walking out of games at the end like after a game buzz down the strip just to get something done.
Yeah, but walking out of games at the end of the game,
sometimes you start giving yourself
a little bit of an ear.
You know that feeling when you fly into Vegas
and you land right on the strip?
You get that every time you land.
We've got a couple minutes here.
Hold on, it's only 2.30.
Marquee had outreach
and they put all the cocktail servers on the glass,
and you're just like,
fucking playing the whole game with a boner.
You're popping Cialis between the second and the third.
You're like, let's fucking win this one, boys.
A little duck and tuck.
Hey, can we find fun at the table tonight?
Our find fun's almost out every day Almost every week too
It's unbelievable
Yeah your buddy's like
Hey I'm coming back
You're like dude
You were here a week ago
What the fuck are you doing
How far do you guys live from the strip
Like is everyone
All you guys live in the same area
Yeah
Like 25 minutes
Yeah
But it's like
There's six suburbs huh
Like
I mean there's nothing to do out there
You can golf
You can hike You can do pretty much anything There's a lot of shopping suburbs Huh? Like I mean there's a lot To do out there You can golf You can hike
You can do pretty much anything
There's a lot of shopping
Stuff out there
Everyone lives out there
Yeah
It's nice man
You live right on the mountains too
Who are the
The biggest celebrities
You guys have met?
GSB
GSB
It's a bit
GSB
Little John seems to be
Kicking around a lot
Yeah
Oh really?
Yeah we met him
At the ESPYs too Oh it was the ESPYs It was unreal Oh yeah It around a lot. Oh, really? Yeah, we met him at the Espy's, too.
Oh, it was the Espy's?
It was unreal.
Oh, yeah.
It was a lot of fun.
Really?
Yeah.
Anyone, like, you just kind of blow you away?
You're like, holy fuck.
Or not really.
No, we didn't meet too many people, actually.
I'm a big baseball guy, so I met a couple of guys from the Astros.
I'm not a big celebrity guy.
No, I don't feel like anyone will get any of those,
but he's just like, whatever, dude, what's up?
Couldn't care less.
He's like, dude, I'll go with you, right?
Right, right.
Were you guys surprised by the reception you got last year?
Because they never had a sports team in Vegas.
I mean, everyone always said, oh, they'll be a good team,
they'll be a good talent for a team, but we never saw it.
I mean, it was crazy how much they took you guys in.
Was that surprising to you?
Yeah, for sure.
Nobody knew what to expect, right?
And right from the start, from training camp on,
their practices were pretty busy and games.
People made it the best arena to play in.
You know, it's always so loud and it still is.
Every game is so loud.
It's out of control. It's honestly hard to play on the road sometimes. It's so loud, and it still is. Every game, it's so loud. It's out of control.
It's honestly hard to play on the road sometimes.
It's so quiet.
You're going to Brooklyn.
The lights turned off in the third period.
The loudest the crowd was was they were booing me because the lights turned off.
That was the loudest they got all night.
It was crazy.
Oh, my God.
I feel like Vegas, though, I don't think that's ever going to slow down either.
They have their first pro team, even when football comes.
I think they're now diehard Knights fans because of the one year.
I feel like going to the finals will forever keep people involved.
I think it helps that the team was built in Vegas, too, where Oakland's coming to Vegas.
Yeah, and that's tough for you.
You're a Raiders fan. I'm a big Raiders
fan, yeah.
No, it's perfect.
I mean, I'm going to be at the games
all the time as long as I'm still here.
Jerry Rice.
Followed him. I was a 49ers fan.
He went to the Raiders. I didn't want
any part of seattle so
stuck with the raiders and your old man played in the cfl correct cfl and nfl oh he played in
nfl where uh washington green bay miami didn't play a lot though a couple coffee everywhere yeah
maybe half a cup what do you put a position running back beast mode yeah cfl mvp did he yeah
hey can you explain To people listening
That don't know the CFL
Can you really get a point
By punting it
Through the end zone
Yeah
That's the worst rule
In the history of sports
It's stupid
I know
There's a lot of weird rules
In there
It's crazy
Hey don't bash the CFL though
Because CFL
Have the craziest fans
You're going to get smoked
Well listen
I'm going to tell you
I'm going to dog
I'm going to dog the CFL
Because at one point There was six teams and two of them had the same name.
The Rough Riders.
Yeah, that's true.
That is true.
It's like the original six.
We got the New York Rangers.
We got the Boston Rangers.
It's like, holy shit.
You might want to just chuck every name in the mix for the CFL at one point.
So you guys expect to be back on the Stanley Cup final this year or what?
Those have got to be the expectations. What Cup Final this year or what? Those gotta be the
Expectations
What are they gonna say
That?
No
Oh yeah for sure
What is your guys
Schedule like?
You got any good road trips?
Is this like one of your
Best coming east?
This one's nice
That's good
We're staying
We're staying at the same
Hotel the whole trip
That's the best
Yeah
It's a nice touch
What about All Star Break
This year?
Any plans yet?
I don't know yet yeah
looking at Hawaii
Mike in the game
Mike make the game
you come back from
All-Star break
and we go
Carolina
Tampa
Florida
then Tampa
it was like
right back
yeah right back
into a three days
in between Florida
and Tampa
oh my god
get the base
get the base
during All-Star break
oh my god
Florida on your first trip.
And floor it when you come back.
Oh, man.
Who's the prankster in the locker room other than Flower?
Who's the clown?
Probably me.
Really?
You're the jester every day you get the boys going?
He's the big mouth, I would say.
He is?
I'm loud, yeah.
You're louder than Marchie?
No, no, no.
Sorry, yeah. Nobody's louder than Marchie? No, no, no. No, no. Sorry, yeah.
Nobody's louder than Marchie.
Really?
Marchie doesn't shut up.
He could be outside, like down the street, and you'd be able to hear him.
Really?
Do you guys give him heat when he pulled up in the Golden Knights Lamborghini?
Dude, he catches a lot of heat.
I thought it was pretty sick.
I thought it was a little.
I'm like, yeah, I don't know.
The team logo's on the car.
What does he make, six million?
Oh, that's not his car. Oh, no, that's not his car. Oh, I'm like, yeah, I don't know, the team logo was on the car. What does he make, six million? Oh, that's not his car.
Oh, no, that's not his car.
Oh, I thought that was his whip.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
What's wrong with this guy?
I'll tell you, Hall and Eberle drove around in big old trucks in Edmonton
with their name and number in the back of the seat, dude.
Hall.
No, they just gave it to him for a game we won,
and then they kept giving it to him for game days.
Yeah, they just dropped it off at his house.
So he's a loud guy.
Just a Frenchie.
I don't know.
Don't put us all in the same basket.
He's different French.
Marci's the sensitive French.
This one's different.
Who's the guy who's always going on dates and stuff?
I heard Tuck's pretty active. Any single guys? Tuck, he's the guy Who's always going on Dates and stuff I heard Tuck's pretty active
Any single guys
Any single
Yeah Tuck he's the only single guy
Yeah
I heard he does well for himself
He's a handsome guy
Yeah
Is he
Oh yeah
Yeah
I'm looking him up
What's a BC
When he wants to bestow
Man Rockets
I'll say if he's hot or not
I'll tell you right now
Before you even look
I'm gonna give you
Your man rocket
Really Yeah Me I am or him Oh yeah Paul he's actually not bad He's hot and hot. I'll tell you right now. Before you even look, I'm going to give you your man rocket. Really?
Me?
I am or him?
Oh, yeah.
Paul, he's actually not bad looking.
He's not bad looking.
He went to BC.
Do I hate BC?
That's why you don't like him.
Fucking A.
Can you imagine Bugsy if he was in Vegas when they were in the league?
Jeez.
He'd be like, oh, shit, I got to get traded.
Fuck.
He ripped up Pittsburgh traded Pittsburgh like Vegas.
Flower, we give it to him on this podcast.
He came on one time and he was like the biggest nerd.
He's like, yeah, he was trying to make the Olympic team.
He was coming back with the Minnesota Wilds, HLT.
He was like, yeah, you know, I'm working hard.
I was like, Bugsy, what are you talking about?
Shut up.
Talk to me like a normal human.
We're trying to make a comeback.
Before the year last year,
did guys know that Wild Bill was that good?
Oh, yeah. That kid's
sick. He's a hand-to-hand.
Nice player. Nice player.
Hey, but defensively good, too.
He's just good at everything.
Yeah, he's good to have. Good all around.
I never even heard of him, to be honest.
Neither did I.
I never heard it happen.
I'm not a big paying attention to...
You don't watch much hockey.
No, I know.
Not really.
I know who I have to fight.
What do you watch?
Do you watch shows or movies?
Yeah, a lot of Netflix.
I watch a lot of NFL.
What's your number one show right now on Netflix?
I just finished El Chapo.
Season three is fire.
Good?
Absolute fire.
I'm pretty down with that Ozark. I don't watch a lot of Ozark. I haven't started that yet. Yeah just finished El Chapo. Season three is fire. Good? Absolute fire.
I'm pretty down with that Ozark.
I don't watch a lot of Ozarks. I haven't started that yet.
The acting's very good.
You know, slow moving.
Slow to start.
First season,
it's like Breaking Bad.
You're like,
okay, come on,
let's get going here.
Yeah, I've heard a few comparisons
to Breaking Bad,
but it's nowhere in Breaking Bad.
Nothing touches Breaking Bad.
No, nothing does.
What about Succession, Revo?
You've been watching that on HBO.
Great show. It's about this guy. He's like a
gazillionaire media owner. His family's all
trying to line up to see who's going to
take over the company after.
It seems like a drama, but it's really like a
black comedy. It's called Succession. HBO, check
it out. I'm telling you. You'll like it.
Black comedy?
I know.
What about Revo?
It's a black comedy. Jesus. it out i'm telling you you'll like it already comedy
you guys play cards on the plane card card or just shows at all yeah i play what do you guys
watch poker or something oh really i think you might have told us that on the plane? Card or just shows? I play. What do you guys, poker or sharps? 13-up.
Oh, really?
I think you might have told us that
on the other podcast.
Flower, you never play cards?
No.
Shows and video games?
Surprise R.A.
Surprise R.A.
to Nasrivo,
we play dice on the plane.
Dice and dominoes.
Dominoes.
Dice and dominoes.
What do you have,
watermelon at your seat?
Just to bring a bucket
of chicken for pregame.
You know,
you watch that black comedy
and crush that
Kentucky Fried Rice.
You like that blackish?
So what do you think
of black.com?
Seriously,
one of these better know
what a black comedy is.
It's not like,
okay,
you got me nervous.
It's okay.
I'm going to beat my roof
when we walk out of here.
What'd you say?
You guys are going to stay in the room after we all walk out and see what happens.
Is he still there?
Go say goodbye to Revo.
He's like, no, I'm all set.
I'm going to text him a black comedy to watch.
Oh, dude.
What percent of goaltending do you think is mental?
I know we always say goalies are crazy and stuff, but how much is it?
80 mental, 90?
It just seems like because guys have a great year,
then they might have an off year,
then they just seem to refocus again.
It seems more mental than physical.
Yeah, a lot.
I think a lot is in there.
Sometimes you play a lot, you're sick or you're tired,
and you still can't manage to have a good game.
I don't know.
It's tough to have a perfect number.
It's pretty mental.
You're sitting there
Rubbing the post
Yeah
Just talking to the post
Oh yeah
Last night it happened
He borrowed
I looked back
And I'm like
Oh my god
Thank god
That didn't go in
He's sitting there
Talking
Hey
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I have to say thank you from never.
What's the story with the I'm a
bad bad man
video?
That was pretty
popular.
I got some good
play.
And your wife
roasted you,
right?
Didn't she?
I kind of want to
hear this too.
I don't know.
You didn't see
that?
I saw it.
I just saw
our PR guy.
I was nine
hours early.
He said,
you see that
McGregor video?
And I was like, yeah.
So he's like, I want you to do one.
Figured it was going to be a big hit.
He knows what he's doing.
I figured, take the shirt off, show something a little bit.
Show these tats off.
Every time the camera comes in the locker room,
we'll just take the shirt off real quick.
He's got those bands.
He's like, get the veins going.
You've got gotta sell the game
and you're not putting
this body on.
Hey.
Dude,
I really love
every time they interview
Schminney,
it's like he's on
fucking ecstasy
after the game.
He's just sweating.
He's like,
I know.
My eyes are bugging out, too.
I get so excited, man.
Dude,
can you get this guy
a real attention drink? Can you get this guy? So, if I watch so excited, man. Dude, can you get this guy a real education drink?
If I watch the interviews, I'm like, oh, my God, this guy's wigging out at the games.
I just get so excited.
Dude, I think one time I was at NHL Network, and you did one of those interviews where they have you guys look at the big screen.
You know those with NHL Net?
I don't remember who it was.
They're like, Nate Schmidt's bugging out right now.
Do they have a couple points? They're like, no, he just looks
like he's lost his mind.
I think he needs to go crank one out before his post-game
interview. It's just like, we'll let him relax
a little bit.
The veins in your forehead are popping out.
Like fucking Revo's arms.
It's a big forehead these days, too.
It's pulling back.
Just cut the cord.
You got a new contact?
You can bring it back.
Every time I walk into the room, too,
Derek Anglin always gives it to me.
He's like, man, a couple more fell out last night.
And I'm like, god damn.
And you know that cuts you so deep, too.
It just kills me.
Join the club. Hey, I'll be there. so deep. It just kills me. Join the club.
Hey, I'll be there.
I went like, it killed me.
We went to the Espy's and I was like, it was kind of longer.
I had one of the interns shave like the sides of my head.
Just pulled the thing right back as far as it got worse.
And they look like butters from South Park too.
And people tweet pictures out of me all the time.
That's why my hair is longer right now.
We actually have a pill for that.
It takes care of two problems.
Hims.
It's 20.
We're going to throw a Hims promo code here.
Hims.com.
And it helps grow your dick.
No, I'm serious.
It's a dick pill, and it helps with your hair.
Easy.
It's an everything pill. That sounds with your hair. Easy. That sounds like a...
It's an everything pill.
That sounds like something I get popped 60 games.
I'm like, Dave Spitt went on Spittin' Chickens.
He's going to spend the next season trying to get his hair back and his dick longer.
He's playing the KHL all of a sudden.
Didn't save 20 though.
Playing the game.
In the KHL, they say you can do that.
It's like,
it's not frowned upon.
KHL?
Yeah,
it's good.
They'll be like,
hey,
your hair needs this
and you skate faster.
Thank you.
Yeah,
I know Cialis' band
is on the band list.
Oh,
how do you know that?
Well,
because,
I mean,
fuck,
you want that extra
half an inch sometimes,
you know,
you're going to a W
after a Saturday win. But he just gets on road trips and like, some people that extra half an inch sometimes, you know? You're going to a W after a Saturday win.
He just gets on road trips and some people just have their waters and everything.
He's just like, all right, Cialis, perfect, ready to go.
All right, I don't need any water because I won't be playing any games.
I got my hair gel and my comb and my Cialis.
All right, guys, I'm ready.
I have a covered wagon, so I need to clean that.
I need to take my Cialis and road trip set.
A little insurance policy in case you party too much.
Right, exactly.
Thank you, R.A.
That's all right.
You're already on the same page about that one.
Anything else you guys want to talk about?
Yeah, Flower, are you selling anything?
I'm selling anything.
Do you have any businesses?
Do you start any businesses or anything?
Oh, no, dude.
Just playing the game, you know?
How long do you think you want to play?
I don't know, man.
I still have like three more years, and we'll see.
Yeah, it's not even a thought yet.
I feel like you could play until you're 40, though.
I don't know.
I start thinking about it.
Like, I see you guys, right?
I'm like, I've got to start thinking about my career, right?
What's going to happen and stuff.
I know, dude.
Sad, man.
Please don't retire.
You guys are doing well, though.
Please keep playing.
You don't look close at all.
Please keep playing. What's that? I said you don't look close to retiring at all after, though. Please keep playing. Please keep playing.
You don't look close to retiring at all after last year.
And this year.
How many shutouts this year?
Five?
Five, yeah.
Not even Chris.
He's not even coming out.
He's at five.
Didn't even thank his teammates.
Yeah, he's like,
Come on!
Smith's like,
Smith, you weren't here for half of it.
Well, boys, we appreciate this very much
nice little road trip
for you guys
and we're gonna come out
to Vegas
I'm still scared
from when they played
my prediction
that you guys
were gonna be terrible
can you stop predicting
anything to do
with our team please
everything's wrong
when I predict
out of control
Rebo said the last time
he's like dude
everything you say,
the opposite happens.
Stop making predictions
like that.
That's what they pay me for.
I had a buddy of mine
after our L.A. series
last year,
he was like,
man,
you gotta listen
to this podcast.
He'd sit down
and be like,
fucking Vegas
is gonna be out
in four.
Every game,
every game I took them.
It was like,
okay,
I swear,
it was like
one of those repeating things. It was like, all right, game one, okay, they won, but you know, I got them took them. It was like, okay, I swear they're going to be, it was like one of those repeating things.
It was like, all right, game one, okay, they won, but, you know, I got them game two.
Game three, I got them game three.
No way they could sweep.
No chance they could sweep.
No chance they're going to get one.
I was actually, one of the games, I think game three, I was at home.
And, like, my wife will be like, you know, like, occasionally, like, who'd you play with?
Like, tell old stories.
Hockey, just make up stuff.
Just completely lie to her.
No, but, like, late at night, late old stories, hockey, just make up stuff, just completely lie to it. And,
no,
but like,
late at night,
late at night,
you made a sick save
in game three
and I was like,
fuck you,
you fucking piece of shit.
Fuck off,
screaming at TV
and she's like,
I thought you played with him.
I was like,
yeah,
I fucking hate his guts
right now though.
Oh,
that's nice,
dude. Yeah, no, I still like, Are you betting on those too? I was like, still like, I got it. I was like, yeah, I fucking hate his guts right now, though. Oh, that's nice, dude.
Yeah, no, I still like that.
Were you betting on those, too?
I was like, still, like, I got into my, like, 80,000 thread sheets.
I was like, thank you, Flower.
You helped pay for these things.
How much did you lose on us?
Oh, jeez.
Probably, like, 3,500.
Not that bad.
You idiot.
Pocket change.
But then I took you guys. Against Watch. We watched, yeah. No, no, no,500. Not that big. But then I took you guys
against Watch.
No, no, no.
Flower came on the podcast and then you guys won
one more game. We fucked you guys over on that one.
I took you guys against Winnipeg in
two of the games and made it all back. Thank you for
coming.
Revo, can we cap off with
another hit story?
Yeah, quit your hit chir, Hitch chirp.
Hitch chirp.
Like, wouldn't guys be, like, give it back to him a little bit?
Yeah, that's the thing.
That's the one thing about Hitch is you can give it back to him and he loves it.
Like, he fucking loves that.
Man, the biggest time I snapped on him, I come off the ice, and he's chirping me.
Fuck you, Reva.
Fuck you.
Get the fucking puck deep.
Slide right, still chirping me.
Still chirping me.
Slide right again, still chirping me.
Tells Yosie,
fucking tell this motherfucker.
I turn around and say,
if you don't shut the fuck up,
I'm going to slash you in your fat fucking mouth.
I sat down.
I was like, oh shit,
I shouldn't have said that. He probably called your line next oh yeah no 100 we're right out there
that's how he was i fucking love that about coaches it's like that shove it up my ass like
a chick you fucking proved me wrong like i'm gonna slash you in your fat right to his face and i was
like right right at him too yozy comes up to me after he's like hey you probably shouldn't tell
the head coach you're gonna slash him His fat fuck I'm like I know
I know
I'm gonna go apologize
Walk up
Hey Hitch man
Sorry
I didn't mean to say that
He's like
I don't even know
What you're talking about
Are you
That's the thing
That's the one thing
About Hitch
Is he's not sensitive
And you can give it
Right back to him
When he's giving it to you
And he's not gonna
He's not gonna give
Two shits a minute later yeah I like to
hit some of my two weeks there I was kind of pissed off I liked us too
okay guys you know what the locker room I was like why'd you cut me three I
remember somebody got ran on on the Blues and it was a preseason game I want
to say it was against Minnesota yeah we, we both played that game. Fucking Joel Recklet.
Yeah, Joel Recklet.
I played with the record.
Awesome guy.
You got to get him on the pod.
He's probably the most shredded person I've ever seen.
Of all time.
Like, legit, 12 abs.
10 more than me.
Him and Schmidty were taking the same diet.
I wish I would look like that.
I wish I would look like that But
I think Revo fought Reckless
And then right after Hitch is like
Are you going to get out there and fight too Biz?
He's like why are we giving you all that per diem
So I went out there the next shift and fought that
Really? Bickle?
Was Bickle there?
I had a fight twice that night
Yeah I was pissed
I was like I'm trying to take my job
I was like I'm gonna get
my fucking pretty impact
tomorrow you hitch
piece of trash
dude I remember
we'll end with this
but I
during that tryout
I like walked to the
shower one time
didn't even know Revo
he's like
you're trying out
for this thing
with that body
I was like fuck you
I don't even know this guy
wait till we meet
and he's like
why don't you come over
to my apartment
I'll set you all up
So
Thank you very much boys
We appreciate it
This is just
This is ideal
And Flower
Ten shots
I bet
Huge thanks
Once again
For those guys
Three characters
No doubt about it
Each in their own
Separate ways
So to get them all
Three working together
Was a little bit
Of a mini symphony
Going on there
So glad We're happy Those guys stopped was a little bit of a mini symphony going on there.
So glad, we're happy those guys stopped by.
Next up, we had a pair of brothers, man,
at the All-Star game, the brothers Yandel, Ross, and Keith.
You got one of these guys in a room.
It's pretty funny, but you get both of them,
and it's comedy off the wall.
So everybody enjoyed these antics of these two,
so we're going to pull them up right now.
Enjoy the Yandle Brothers.
We are now pleased to be here by two close friends of mine and also Keith Yandle being one of the closest members of the playing community
on Chicklets all the time.
Brian Yandle, Keith Yandle, thanks for coming on All-Star Weekend.
What's going on?
Nothing much. Glad to be here. You guys got some nice digs here.
We heard you took a Southwest two-stop flight to get
out here. Yeah, well, you know,
I just gotta save when you
can, you know.
The kids like doing stops.
It's only under two hours.
Yeah. So, yeah, no, we
got a nice little bird out here.
That's good. Nice facial hair.
Got the one big razor putting it to work.
Yeah, I know.
Just, you know, you got to do what you got to do.
And, you know, when they give you one-bicks in prison, that's what you do.
You brought the more talented Yandel as far as hockey skills.
Yes.
Brian, I actually had the pleasure of playing with him.
He was a black ace in Wilkes-Barre Scranton.
Blacked-out ace.
Yeah, I'm sure he was real sober in that game.
Yeah, that was a hell of an experience with that crew down in Wilkes-Barre.
Penguins.
That's the rap song he's referring to.
Maybe we get the mixtape back from that locker room.
Wasn't it like a cook from the...
All I remember is Marley just got an assist from Chris Beach.
That guy, I don't think he ever made it, but that was a banger.
Who, Chris Beach?
No, the rapper named, I think he was Wilkes-Barre Crew.
The Wilkes-Barre Crew.
So we played him in a rear end bar and grill, but that was it.
That locker room was legitimate hell.
You had a Boston crew of Witt, Kells, Welchie, Lano.
You added me to the mix somehow
Biz is basically from Boston now
And then you had
Biz
Cossillo
Bonvey
It was insane
It was ridiculous
It's basically like
I was like
This is pro hockey?
This is nuts
I gotta stay here
Didn't work out though
Yeah
You were dominating in practice though
I remember that
I was like
Dude
You were snapping around I was like, dude, you were snapping around.
He was like, I know.
I don't know how I was skating out there.
How do we keep doing this every night?
Well, he was commuting from Boston because he just had a kid.
And I was like, holy shit, dude.
There's a guy on the planet with a worse nose than me.
Fuck it, right?
Welcome aboard, man.
I'll give you half my signing more than you stick here.
I definitely felt that was better than you did,
and I should have been playing in those playoffs.
Oh!
I agree with that.
I think we could have played a bit forward.
True story.
We slept in for a game in Bridgeport.
You remember that?
Me and Carcillo were roommates, and we slept in for the game.
But you weren't playing.
Yeah, I was playing in that game. I was a defenseman, and I ended we slept in for the game. But you weren't playing. Yeah, I was playing in that game.
I was a defenseman and I ended up playing in the actual game.
And I remember Jeff Barrett, who I think he's still in Wilkes-Barre.
Awesome guy.
I was a piece of shit.
I was in a very unprofessional room.
You were a nightmare at that point.
Yeah, and I'll admit it.
I was a nightmare.
And Carsey was even worse.
Carsey was, I mean, we don't need to go there because he's turned over a new leaf, obviously,
if you fucking turn on the internet.
So haven't you.
I kind of kept on this path, you know, it was like more of a map quest kind of path.
Yeah, it's the RV path.
It was like new roads and shit.
The R-A-V path.
Yeah, the R-A-V.
We slept in for a playoff game and we got there and Jeff Barrett was like, you better fucking pray
this team wins.
And I think Ryan Stone,
who we're going to maybe
interview on this trip.
Oh,
he was on the team too?
Yeah,
I think he ended up
scoring the game
or that game
and I went up to him after
and I'm like,
thank God.
Because we were in a
first round series
and we had a stack squad.
I mean,
you just name dropped
all of them.
Half of them ended up
being NHLers.
Ross.
And the other half in rehab.
The other half, you know, had a good time.
But yeah, we ended up winning that game, winning that series.
I think we lost the next round against Hershey like four straight.
And you were on the team.
Yeah, I was.
I was lighting it up, though.
Isn't that the age of playoffs?
Like five games, the first series, too, which is crazy.
No, I think they changed it that year.
To three.
You play flip.
It's a one game.
You play flip cup the first game.
The first series is flip cup.
And then it goes into.
Hey, so we have Teddy Purcell on this with us because he goes way back with Keith, and that's the main days.
Oh, shit.
We went back to the main days, yeah.
I haven't talked in a little bit
But I think I won a competition
I was like the 100th person
To like Biz's picture
So you guys invited me back
So I feel good
Yeah you look good
You used the Biz20 promo code
Of course there's an
Energy promo code
And that's
Welcome back Teddy
Thank you
Yeah but
I think Keith
I went to school with this guy
Billy Ryan
We call him the string bean Good Boston boy 50 sheet 50 sheet Doc Teddy. Thank you. Yeah, but I think Keith, I went to school with this guy, Billy Ryan.
We call him the string bean.
Good Boston boy.
50 sheet.
50 sheet.
String Stronovich.
String Strony.
Funny, we were going to New York for a weekend, and he told me to swing by his mom's house to pick up a 50 bill for the weekend.
He goes, pick up a 50 sheet.
He thought that was going to be good for the weekend.
Like, we're going to New York, not prison.
When he went to Moncton?
When we went to Moncton for the Memorial Cup, me and String.
You pull up to your hotel, they're like, it's a
55 charge for overnight parking.
You're like, alright, there goes the 50.
The New York trip ended 10 days
later, and as you pull back into Milton, he's like,
I got that 50 sheet. You want to get a coffee?
We stayed for like a week.
Hey, we went to Moncton for the Memorial Cup
when Keith was there, and String's like, be wise. He's like, I'll drive. I'm like a week. Hey, we went to Moncton for the Memorial Cup when Keith was there.
And String's like, B-Y, he's like, I'll drive.
I'm like, all right.
Dude, he pulls up like 6 a.m.
Keith's got a game, right?
I swear to God, a family of squirrels came out of the trunk of his car.
The Kosovo Mobile, we called it.
It was nuts.
It was a green Toyota 4Runner. there was a squirrel sucking on a jolly
rancher a fucking bag of doritos it was nuts i'm like basically r.a i go string we can't take this
car dude no fucking way and he's like this is before you've left boston he goes b.y we'll be
all right dude we'll get there i'm like no i had to call one of my uncles, borrow his car.
We went to Plan B.
I've been there a few times, too.
The String Bean, that Toyota, whatever it was, 4Runner, had 600,000 kilometers on it.
He's like, yeah, this thing's brand new, dude.
We got it.
It seems like a lot of miles.
Was that the car when you were going back New Year's Day when you were at Cushing?
Yeah.
Dude, you got to tell that story.
So it was New Year's Day.
You guys were 14 and 13?
No, I was probably 16 or 17.
He was 18.
We went home for New Year.
We drove back to party with our friends back home.
Went out New Year's Eve night.
Got smashed.
Had hockey practice at Cushing.
The high school that we went to was like an hour away from Boston.
We're driving back.
I fall asleep.
I fall asleep.
There's a back road to Cushing, like back road.
I'm sleeping.
I wake up.
I look at the speedometer.
It says 64.
I'm like, whoa, we're buzzing right now for this back road.
I look at him. He's like, whoa, we're buzzing right now for this back road.
I look at him.
He's like this.
Dead asleep.
Like, dead asleep.
I'm like, oh, shit.
I'm like, what do I do?
I can't wake him up. You don't want to wake him up from a nap.
So I just turn the volume up a little.
Dude, he's cruising this road.
I start turning the volume up a little bit.
I look over.
He goes, we're almost there.
Without batting an eye, he goes, we're almost there.
I'm like, oh.
What a genius way to wake him up, though.
You can't scream at him.
He's like, oh, there you go.
He would have been dead.
Just a little increase in the volume.
Oh, my God.
We wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for that.
Yeah.
Okay.
I think we need a break after that one.
No, no, no.
I think that we should get into.
So, Brian and I grew up together.
We played hockey together since we were about 10 years old.
D-Partners forever.
Incredible player.
D-Partners when we won the Quebec tournament.
You guys ever heard of that?
Yeah.
Peewee World Championship.
That was a decent run.
So now, you know, we had a decent roster.
I think we had like close to three first round picks, 10 to 12 full scholarships in college.
So we lit it up.
L.G. Scratch in the American League.
Exactly.
And then a black ace in Wilkes-Barre when he was hanging out with Biz.
Good luck.
Two-time All-American, though.
So now in our group chat with everyone involved back home, Brian Yandell's Ross to us.
And I just love maybe Keith to give that story or Bri.
I always love when someone says a name
and you're like
oh you mean like
I said earlier
I go Keith and Ross
are coming
and he's like
who the fuck's Ross
I was like
his brother
he's like oh my god
we gotta wait for the
I told him not to tell me
you haven't heard the story
I haven't heard the story
so your boy
Jack Edwards
oh I love Jack Edwards
my boy
so we were playing
the Bruins
it was like one of my
first games playing
the Bruins
and obviously he was at the game watching stuff.
But everybody who wasn't was at home watching on the Nessun or whatever Jack Edwards does.
And apparently during the game he goes,
Oh, that's Keith D'Ando, his brother, a two-time All-American at UNH.
His brother, Ross.
We were like, what?
Not even close to Brian.
Literally, I had probably
How many texts
Like 400 texts
After the game
Everybody
So now just everybody
Calls him
Office of Roscoe
It was even
Yeah it was even better
And you're lugging
The puck up ice
And he's like
Keith Yandel
Pushing it up ice
With pace
Whose brother Ross
Starred at UNH
For four years
We were just like
Oh my god
Jack Edwards
My phone
I must have had
I don't even I had like a nextel At the time Like I couldn't even Get text Waxed out We were just like, oh, my God. Jack Edwards. My phone. I must have had.
I had, like, a Nextel at the time.
Like, I couldn't even get text. Waxed out.
And it was still blowing up.
Those were good.
Carrier pigeon.
Insane.
It was awesome.
It was absolutely ridiculous.
Yeah.
So that's a good nickname.
And Edwards was probably hitting the pipe up in the booth because apparently he likes to fucking smoke weed.
Does he?
So we might as well get into it.
I've heard that Jack Edwards gets put on the other side of the hotel from the players because he likes to get after it.
He likes to smoke the dope.
I know he makes references all the time.
Well, R.A.'s here.
We got to remind everyone listening that the Yandels and R.A. go way back in time.
Way back.
Yeah, the Yandels and McGon way back in time. Way back. Yeah.
The Yandel and McGonagall families do go way back there.
Dad and my dad know each other going back 60, 70 years.
Uncle Paul and my dad are best friends going back a long time.
And Uncle Paul and my mom graduated high school together.
You guys got a family?
Do you have an Uncle Paul?
Watch your feet for all those name drops.
Yeah, a lot of connections, man.
No, yeah.
The Yandel McGonagall clans go way back in Charleston.
I know that's where their ancestry is.
Whose families robbed more banks?
Definitely Keith's.
Oh, shots fired.
Actually, I got a few, too.
I mean, that's just part of growing up in Charleston.
Hey, I love how you had to throw in the, oh, my family had a few, too.
Like, he's bragging about it.
No, it's just, you know, like, I mean, everybody, if your cousin didn't, your cousin's cousin robbed a bank.
I mean, it's just about it growing up there.
It was just a generational thing, you know?
Yeah, everybody's friends.
We grew up in Milton, though.
Everybody's friends.
Yeah, I know.
You did.
Hey, all right.
Stop it.
Sorry.
Our ears are bleeding.
But, hey, we're talking about, like, robbing banks and stuff.
And so we were all in Maine.
We thought we were cool.
The string bean was, like, a third rounder. We had Rob Bell on me, too. He so we were all in Maine. We thought we were cool. The string bean was like a third rounder.
We had Rob Bell on me, too.
He's like...
Felony.
Yeah, felony was like beating his head off the wall.
He was like squatting the whole gym.
I'm like, what?
Now he's singing his dick off his bar.
He's so handsome.
His tunes are good.
His tunes are good.
But I was like, man, why are these savages like...
How are they lifting so much?
I was like this skinny little loser in Maine.
Oh, I know.
Thanks, Paul.
And you were 26.
Yeah, I know.
I was 100.
Yeah, I was a babysitter.
But all these guys were like, yeah, come out.
And at the end of the year, String Bean was like, hey, my buddy Keith is coming.
I'm like, he's like, you know who he is?
I'm like, no, Keith Yandel left shot, like drafted a Cody's plays there.
No,
I don't know who it is.
So he comes up to me
and he doesn't have his license.
He's like,
I don't know how old you were,
18.
He still didn't have his license.
Bought a,
bought a new Tahoe.
Comes in,
we're at a,
yeah,
we're at the party.
It was like,
I don't even know what it was,
like a romp room or prison
where everyone lived.
Oh yeah.
And all of us lived there
and Keith comes in,
buys a keg.
We're like, this guy's the man.
But it was 50. What a keg can get you in college.
I know.
It was 50 bucks.
Especially in Maine.
Natty light.
He'd assign for one to hook, but we're like, oh, this guy's awesome.
I'd be like, hey, five bucks.
Oh, I didn't have any new Amsterdam.
You gotta buy a solo.
You gotta buy a collective quarters to pay for the keg.
No, business selling like the red solo cups are 5.25 each.
Everyone has 6.
I'm a businessman.
He's like, I'll tweet a picture of you and I together.
Just give me 10.
All of a sudden, this keg just gets crushed.
We're like, oh, man, the party's over.
Sock.
He finds a nerd sober person, goes back to the brewery,
buys three more kegs for like 50 bucks.
He thought he was a man.
And ever since then, he's been my favorite player.
I'll take that.
Doesn't know what color the puck is, Teddy.
Hates looking down at the puck.
Do you even know what color the puck is?
Oh, he's speaking a song.
This is behind the net play?
So he's behind the net. I don't play many games for the Phoenix is? Oh, so he's speaking a song. Yeah, this is behind the net play? So he's behind the net.
I don't play many games for the Phoenix Coyotes,
so I'm in the...
Press box.
No, no, I was actually in Petey's room
where he's doing video,
so I have the audio as well.
And he's behind the net in Colorado,
and Cody McLeod?
Is it Cody McLeod in front of the net?
I don't know.
Yeah, you don't remember.
You were too busy fucking staring at the camera.
Because he's sunken, people.
He kind of comes out and fake passes it,
and Cody McLeod, hook, line, and sinker,
just bites and basically sprints to the wall
as if the puck was passed there.
And he's like, yep, sunken.
And you can hear it on the audio of the television.
And I'm erupting in fucking laughter.
No, he didn't step outside the net.
It's his favorite move. He still do it. I don't know how guys fall for it people still fall for it
oh they do they haven't watched you play all the time you kind of hear him too he goes
that's when we heard song you i was like this kid has lost his mind he lost his mind then he
just starts busting up ice. Another good story about Keith.
People wonder, what was this kid like growing up?
Bri, you'll say, just a complete menace to society when he's younger.
Jesus, I'm here.
Snap your head.
Snap your head.
You know it's true.
I'm right here.
So one of our best buddies, Bunzo Byrne, Brendan Byrne.
He's a judge now.
They're all playing street hockey outside.
And Brendan's father, who is a judge,
he's driving by.
He's like, hey, Keith.
They move the nets.
They stop the game and move the nets, kind of like Wayne's World.
Game off.
They move the nets.
And he drives.
Just to let the car by, it's Mr. Byrne.
Hey, Keith, see you later, bud.
You know what Keith does?
Turns around, moons him, and just goes, see you later, Bunzo.
He's 10 years old, mooning one of our buddies' dad. I was like, that's when you know you have someone on your hands
who's just a little crazier than everyone else.
What do you think about that? I grew out of it.
Yeah, no. He was a
wild card. Wild card.
Like, third kid
in our family. So we have a sister
in between us, Kevin, as we called
her.
Real name Warren.
She's the best.
She's by far number one in the family.
She basically
raised Keith. Kev raised
Keith.
He was a wild card as a kid.
He just didn't know what he was going to get. One day he was a
skateboarder mooning people.
Rapper.
He had everything going on remember
i remember being like 16 years old and like listening to rap music or whatever like not
even all of a sudden he comes up with he's got like napster going with slob on my knob
what the fuck is going on here like he's 11. Where did you hear this song? He's like, stop on my knob,
not going on the car.
You're like 12 years old.
What the fuck is going on here?
But, I mean, it all worked out.
It's amazing.
You're like so clean cut now.
Remember when he wouldn't leave New York,
this came up earlier, Brian.
Keith had just turned pro
and Bryce was still playing at the time
and he's training his dick off. We're going every day to BU training and we're like, Keith, you coming? He's like, no, I'm all set, Brian, Keith had just turned pro, and Brian was still playing at the time, and he's training his dick off.
We're going every day to BU training, and we're like, Keith, you coming?
He's like, no, I'm all set, Brian.
You were like, what is wrong with you?
You got to play in the NHL.
I'm like, Brian, I'll see you in a couple days.
Calm down right now.
I'll be home.
Don't you worry.
Sure enough, we left the whole time.
Brian's like, this kid is a fucking complete idiot, and now he's just an NHL all-star.
No, because then he'd come in to work out, and me, you would be working our ass off.
One a summer.
And he'd come in and be like,
Mike Boyle would be like,
oh, I'm going to fucking,
I'm going to make him do whatever the hottest work.
I'm going to bury him.
I'm going to bury him the next day.
He'd go Monday,
so we'd get Keith in for that one day,
and then he'd come back Tuesday,
and he's like, oh, there's no way he's even going to be walking.
Keith would be like, hey, what's up? Like, dude, you're not Tuesday and he's like oh there's no way he's even gonna be walk Keith would be like dude you're not sorry he's like no he's
like no why why would I be so like fucking mother wit when meanwhile we can
barely walk and yeah I'm doing it I got a headache had a couple glasses of wine
but no my body's fine at that point he just wanted my next
daddy Isis at that point I actually recorded a mixtape. Yeah, my voice hurts.
I've been singing all night.
I got these bars.
Slop on my knob.
And I don't know if you want to tell a story,
but that went all the way up into your close to the draft
where why you dropped in the draft.
It's a bit of an intense story.
I don't know if you want to tell it on the pod.
I don't know.
I mean, it's gotten a big fight before the draft,
and it got back to some teams, I guess.
I think I might have fought somebody's scouts.
A scouts kid.
Yeah, a scouts son or something like that.
I don't know.
For back then, I thought maybe the toughness would have bumped you up in the stock.
That's right.
And then I think Keith Gretzky, who was the scout of.
He was Phoenix.
Spoiler GM right now.
Is he?
Come on, Ed McKin.
Keith, was this on ice or off ice?
Off ice.
It was off ice.
You've got 100 people fired from that draft before they did, though.
Yeah.
He doesn't give a shit.
It was at Who's on.
No, no, no.
What's that place across from Fenway?
Who's on first?
Yeah, I think.
Yeah, it was.
It might have been after, though.
When Mike was going bananas?
Yeah, that might have been another night.
There was a couple.
I'll change it from the off-ice fight to one of the on-ice fights involving the Yandels.
There's a hockey league.
I don't know if it's still going on in Bridgewater in the summer.
Local Boston guys, all college players, a bunch of pros are playing.
I was on the most stacked team of
all time. Our defense, Orpik,
myself, Chilson,
Billy, Tibbets, Brendan Roach.
We would fight anyone. We'd win.
Either way, the Yandel brothers
Yeah, I wouldn't fight anyone. They would fight
everyone. So the Yandel brothers are on a team
and they're playing the 7 o'clock game. I'm the 9
30 game. So I come in. I'm watching their third
period.
Keith somehow squares off with some Russian kid who was way... Keith was young at the time.
He was young.
He was probably like 16, 17.
Yeah, 16, 17.
So, you know, even playing in the leagues big time.
So he squares off with this kid and this Russian just drills.
One bang.
Absolute one banger right in the teeth.
And I see Brian Handel who's going back for a puck and turns and sees the fight.
He's like Shrek, bombing down.
He jumps on this kid's shoulders.
He's wrestling around the Russian as he drags him down.
Keith gets up.
He's trying to fight him.
I'm like, there's the Yandel brothers sticking together.
So it was just always that way.
He looked like Jimmy Superfly Snooker skating across the ice.
It was unbelievable.
Jimmy Snout-A-Ffly Snooker skating across the ice. It was unbelievable. Jimmy Snout-a-fly Snooker. Yeah.
But yeah, I had to get
plastic surgery on my mouth. That dude hit me with
a can. Yeah, he lit you up.
Who was that kid?
Dude, I picked that kid up the other day. He was
doing push-ups on his knuckles in his
driveway. He's like, that kid's
a savage. Thanks for the heads up.
Appreciate the scout report. Check the game notes. Check the game notes's a savage. Thanks for the heads up. I'm like, yeah, I appreciate the scout report.
Check the game notes.
Yeah, check the game notes, buds.
Yeah, no name on the game notes.
Yeah.
Keith, you've been on a like.
Oh, we got an R.A. question.
Let's do it.
Here we go.
All right.
All right, Hamilton.
Dude, I mean, you've been on a torrid pace for basically the last five fucking years,
but particularly this year, you've been really lighting it up.
Did you do something in the offseason?
Oh, yeah, you did a lot.
I love the offseason. Did you change your training regimen? Did you do something like, why
are you so fucking on fire this year?
He changed his strawberry milk instead of
chocolate milk in the morning. Yeah, he changed his sport
court on his fucking... He brushed his teeth in the morning.
He changed his sport court and his tennis
court back at his compound in
Boston. Yeah.
No, nothing... He used his head and Boston. Yeah. No, nothing.
Use his head and shoulders.
Nothing different at all?
No, I haven't really changed anything in probably the last
ten years. I haven't really changed much.
Except for
the one Dick Razor he used to shave his nuts
with in the shower in Phoenix.
When he used to make me
shower in my suit after
games that I didn't plan. He sent us that picture. He looked like he had the Samoan When he used to make me shower in my suit after games. Is that even playing?
He sent us that picture.
He looked like he had the Samoan Brothers in his fucking leg scissors.
It was disgusting.
Yeah.
What's that from?
Thanks.
Pardon me.
I hit him with the weed whacker.
Samoan Brothers.
Teddy gone.
Teddy's taking a time out here.
What else is going on?
So this week, Brian, all your kids are here.
Three sons.
Yeah.
Ryan, Colin, Liam Yandel.
And I mean, the story I was told was that they were all driving in the car.
Keith called them.
You guys want to come to the All-Star game.
How cool is that?
It was awesome.
They're going to be in the room this week?
Oh, yeah. That's sick. Can we get them on is that? It was awesome. They're going to be in the room this week? Oh, yeah.
That's sick.
Can we get them our checklists?
Yeah.
Dude, they said it to me.
They go, my oldest, Brian.
Oh, they smoke cigarettes.
He's, uh.
Might as well.
Jules.
He goes, we were coming back from men's halls.
He's like, Dad.
He's like, who are you texting?
I'm like, oh, where?
He goes, tell him I want to be on the podcast.
You can't even listen to it. They say too many swears. He's like, whatever. I'm like, oh, where do you go? Tell him I want to be on the podcast. You can't even listen to it.
They say too many swears.
He's like, whatever, I can listen.
I'm like, oh, shit.
But no, it was my kids and the entire family is really excited to be here.
It was awesome.
They loved it.
They literally, like, in the car ride home from hockey practice, Keith called.
And he's like, hey, you know, ride home from hockey practice, Keith called, and he's like,
Hey, you know, you guys want to come to the game?
And they went bananas for, like, 15 minutes.
Like, Dad, this is better than Christmas.
Blah, blah, blah.
And it was, I mean, it really was.
It was cool.
Yeah, they loved it.
My daughter's getting a carrot anyway.
Yeah, your daughter's like, what?
They have no clue.
They're like, do we get all my guy on the road?
Are other people going to be on the flight
with us?
Yeah, they better not be.
Dad, we got to go
Southwest again?
Where are my Louis Vuitton diapers?
Hey, so, I mean,
I'd like to talk about wit
as a kid.
Oh, let's go.
Let's fucking go.
Let's do this.
Let's dump on a little bit.
We're going to have to
end this interview
and then do a two-part episode
now.
I was searching out.
You know, I'll hit up with a few more promo codes.
Remember Mommy Cicada?
You were like the golden drink.
Oh, God.
She loves me.
It was like tap.
All you had was tap water at our house.
When it came over, there'd be Gatorade.
It'd be like, oh, Brian's coming over.
We've got to have steak tonight.
Like, oh, okay, for this mutant.
No, every time I came over, I was like, why do you guys get huge boxes of Chewy Granola bars delivered that day? You're like, oh, okay. For this mutant. No, every time I came over I was like, why do you guys get huge boxes
of chewy granola bars delivered that day?
Oh, that's every day. We happen to buy
like 25 boxes every week.
I would just go over there and eat chocolate chip
chewy bars. Shout out chewy bars.
I also had a big issue with clogging your toilet.
Clog the toilet. Disgusting.
It's all the granola.
I think that's why Brian...
It was the original triple threat.
He was an under wiper, right?
An under wiper, so it reached...
Oh, all shit on his balls.
Yeah, so it was bean bags.
Whenever he saw me wiping, he's like, what are you doing?
It's such a yandel thing.
You're like, oh, no.
A stander-upper and a crumpler.
Crumples it instead of...
Biz crumples, too.
Yeah, of course he does, though.
Biz crumples. Biz chucks in course he does though. Biz crumples.
Biz chucks it in his mouth.
He's a little wet like a baby wipe.
So he was the original T-threat.
He was a triple threat.
The original T-threat.
So was it the deuces clogging it or was it the toilet paper clogging it?
I think it was just the...
I think it was honest.
I would throw my shoe in there at some point to try to push everything down.
My kids got him back though.
This was why Bri's kids got me back.
And everyone knows the story of Bri's oldest
little Brian Yandel, Brian
Yandel II, and he's sitting over at my
parents' house when they were living next door and
he's like, Sue!
Sue!
My mom's like, what's up little B?
I clocked the toilet!
She goes in there, there's seven
rolls of toilet paper, three hand
towels, and just his pair of Spiderman undies.
It was like Ben Stiller in A Long Came Pauly when the fucking blood is going out of the...
Is everything okay in there?
And as she flushed, he's like, okay, I'm going home next door.
I'll see you tomorrow, Sue.
So that's, yeah, that's...
Our family goes way back.
But I guess the payback of the clogging of the dumpers is...
Yeah, you were bad.
But the Wit Dog, my original impression of him, he had the yellow, like, Koopa bucket.
Remember the old school?
Yes.
Bitch, you're a little younger than us, too.
Do you remember the Koopa helmet?
Yeah, Nike took it over after.
The Koopa helmet was unreal.
No, the Koopa helmet was like...
But Koopa went to Bauer.
Yeah, Bauer, Nike.
I had the Messier.
That's what you know it as.
Yeah, the Wynwell. But he had, like, the you know but he had like the different
you could screw on the different color side pieces
remember
that's a fucking lie no I had the combo
no no no listen
you had the yellow bucket
you had the yellow bucket with the blue
screw side ends
then he had the combo
platter with the cage.
The number two.
The shield thing and then the cage underneath.
Unless you were like Julie the Cat Gaffney.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Gunner Stahl.
Yeah, yeah.
But when Gunner Stahl had it, I was validated.
It was like, that's why Witt had it.
Oh, you were ahead of your time?
Actually, I got a good story.
I don't know.
He was kind of suspect at that age.
Remember when you picked me up when I was playing football
at Nobles that year?
You know Witt throws a baseball
lefty and a football righty, right?
I'm a freak athlete.
It's unreal.
That's like shoot left, hockey, golf right.
We were going to a hockey tournament. He's like, yeah, I got
a middle school football game at Nobles.
We're like, alright. So we pick him up.
Defensive end, tight end, combo.
My father, my big bud and big Dan drop me off the game.
Like, yeah, go watch Brian's game.
And, of course, they go to a bar and pack a fucking cooler that would have fit seven bodies in it to drive to Stoneham.
It's like 12 minutes away.
It's a two-mile ride.
They have a cooler we're like but they uh so they go and witt's like you know he's kind of like showing off in front of
me and he runs out on the field and like half of his helmet like the padding falls off and like
where'd they go and he's playing like what was this coupe left tackle or something he gets like
buried his feet are all his legs are up over his head.
He's like, ah, shit!
I got a good story about Whit.
Remember that BYU overnight camp?
Remember you were the counselor?
Yeah, I remember doing those.
I don't remember what you're going to say, though.
Pat Alfiero brought me out in one of those.
Thank you.
It was like an overnight camp at BU.
You stayed there, played hockey.
So they took us to a Red Sox game.
There was this kid there.
He was a few years older than me.
I'll never forget his name.
I don't even know if I should say his name.
But I'll never forget.
Dan Tavilla.
I'll never forget him.
We're going to bleep it out.
So he was probably like two or three years older than me.
He brings his baseball glove.
I am all over this kid during the game.
I go, you really think you're catching a ball?
What are you going to go play shortstop?
Are you going to go play shortstop instead of Nomar right now?
Like, get in the stands.
I'm all over him the whole game.
He's like, you're going to get it.
You're going to get it.
I'm like, okay, what are you going to beat me up with your glove?
We get back to the dorms.
This kid puts a beating on me like you wouldn't believe.
I'm like, oh, fuck.
So I'm crying.
I go find Witt.
Witt's the counselor.
I think you were like a freshman at BU. I was going into my freshman year yeah so what's that 17 or something yeah i go tell
wit he's like what kid he grabs the kid strings him out hits him with a left i'm like all right
that's my boy just started putting a beating on this kid for me it was awesome the only beating
that cap's anyone hey that cap's fucked they're up a lawsuit now. There's a lot going on in that camp.
There's other stuff going on.
My roommate had Tourette's.
No joke.
This kid from New Jersey.
I'd wake up.
It'd be over my bed.
I'm like, oh.
It's morning.
Free kill.
Guys, guys, guys, guys.
All right.
He's got a hockey question.
Let's do it.
All right, Hamilton.
Keith, this is your third All-Star game.
You had a couple when you were out in the desert where the Biz Nasty played.
You're welcome.
What are you looking forward to in particular this weekend?
Anything?
And now that you're over 30,
are you one of the gray bears in the locker room
where some of the young guys kind of look up to you
on the All-Star weekend?
You died, B.
Good question, R.A.
Probably not.
They probably won't look up to me.
Ha!
R.A. He liked that one. R.A. Probably not. They probably won't look up to me. Ha! R.A.
He liked that one.
R.A. might be getting a suspension again.
This might be word slurring.
Might be seeing the board.
We're going to have to do another content.
Oh, you fucking snitch over there?
Fucking.
Oh, you're calling your narc off?
You're fucking dropping dimes over there, aren't you?
You have a wire on.
What are you doing in the skills?
I'm high five guy.
Yeah, you're media guy.
You're going to mic you up.
You're going to Tomahawk guys' arms off when they're on breakaways.
I hit a stick.
At what point were you like, oh, I'm not going to hit his wrist?
Because you were going to hit his wrist because that's your brother right there.
It was during the windup.
It was a long windup.
I had some time to think about it.
You're like, Monahan's this handsome guy, good guy, hangs out with Johnny Hammond Cheese,
so let's lay off him.
Yeah.
If that was Lindholm, he was fucking amputation and rated by the elbow.
No, I wouldn't have hit anyone with a slash like that.
No, you just did that.
You would have my first practice in Phoenix.
Is it Jax?
Oh, my God.
You tried to fight me?
I tried to fight you, Hans, our first practice.
First practice.
Why are you, like, that's not the guy you try to go after.
I don't check the game notes, buds.
I was just badly trying to.
I was like, do you like it here?
Yeah, and then him and Fids tried to end my career,
and they're like, actually, this guy's a good fall guy.
We'll keep him around.
Yeah.
Keith didn't even know the game log anyways,
so I'm playing in L.A.
I just got called up, like, by accident.
I think, like, four guys forgot their passports.
We're, like, on a.
To Phoenix. Yeah. What a time.
We're in Canada. We're playing the Toronto
Murleys. Four guys were like, we're going
for a day and a game back. I brought my
passport because I was like, I'm always ready to get called
up. What a pro. Always ready, guys.
Guys guy.
So then Molson
forgot his passport. I think, boy, they're dead.
Boy, I'm too strong. I don't. Boiler was like, I'm too strong.
I don't need my passport.
He is too strong.
So then everyone was like, all right, Teddy, you're the third guy.
You've got to get called up.
The Kings need you.
I'm like, all right.
So I go there.
I think it's my second or third game.
So I knew Keith from main days and through mutual friends.
Bought you kegs.
Yeah, he bought us a bunch of kegs.
Big guy.
Bought a Tahoe.
Matty eyes.
Didn't have a license.
So I see him at the red line.
He's doing all this weird stuff.
He's, like, he looks good.
He's, like, stretching.
I'm, like, I'm going to go say hi to my buddy.
I don't know if I have anyone in the NHL.
I was, like, a fan.
I was a loser.
So I go up to Keith.
He goes, I thought, like, hey, man, what's up?
He goes, what the fuck are you doing here?
And I was, like, oh, shit, man, what's up? He goes, what the fuck are you doing here? And I was like, oh, shit.
Like, am I in the wrong spot?
Gretzky was the coach.
He's like, your name wasn't even on the lineup.
I didn't know you were up here.
Like, my confidence, I was, like, feeling pretty good.
I already had my first point.
And I was like, oh, God.
Like, at one point, he was buying me beers.
And now he's just ruining my confidence.
Yeah, like, no one knew I was up.
I was like, get me out of here.
I told this one before about Keith. But now that I can demonstrate this on camera.
So, you know, everyone knows occasionally guys will sit like this.
You know, you try to be really mature.
And Keith used to say that's how you sit when you're in the National League.
So we're all always sitting like this, having lunch, messing around.
I sit like that all the time.
Shooting the shit just like, oh, yeah, did you call your money guy?
Did you move some money over?
Yeah, did you get in that stock? Yeah, that hammered it. Another couple million. Thanks a lot. Shooting the shit just like, oh yeah, did you call your money guy? Did you move some money over? Yeah, did you get in that stock?
Yeah,
that hammered it.
Another couple million.
Thanks a lot.
We're just going like this,
having a coffee.
So I end up getting out of the NHL.
You know,
things ended poorly.
I'm in San Antonio.
Summer ends.
Where am I going to go?
Russia.
Where am I going?
I don't know.
I just want to make some money playing.
So I'm sitting with Keith
shooting the shit
in the middle of the summer
and I cross my legs like this
and all of a sudden,
I look at him,
he's like,
I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, you're not in the NHL the summer and I cross my legs like this and all of a sudden I look at him he's like I'm like what do you mean he's like
you're not in the NHL anymore
uncross those legs
and I was
and I went
I was like
foul point
foul point
you son of a bitch
no it's him
he always respects the league
he always respects the league
he respects you
if you respect it
exactly
fuck what's it like
playing now
all the guys are so young. They're not like us
anymore. I know. It's crazy.
It's still awesome. I have the best
time every day.
That's what all our friends at home
say. That every day,
I think you pretty much act like the guy
who's like, I'm so appreciative of being in the NHL.
That's what's so great.
If I could do anything, it would be go back
in time and act like that.
Every day, I'm making millions playing hockey,
but you've always been like that.
Yeah, I love it.
You love the boys.
You love the room.
I love the boys.
I love everything about the National Hockey League.
I absolutely love it.
Private flights.
No, hey, so even before private flights, Keith signed a bunch of money.
So he used to fly first class.
So him and Whit came during the NHL lockout.
This is a really funny story.
Now Keith has upgraded to private planes.
So before he used to fly first class.
Whit's got RVs.
Yeah.
It's R-A-Vs.
Me, Biz, and Whit are taking a six-hour trip.
We'll take it 12 hours up the coast and through the dark and see the nice sunsets in the dark.
It's really nice.
But before that, Witt and Jans were coming in to train during the lockout.
I think we were in Phoenix.
That was the Scottsdale one.
Yeah, Scottsdale one.
And Witt and Jans were sitting in the last row of first class on the plane.
So Jans hits the button, and then the flight attendant comes back, and she's like,
Yeah, do you need anything anything They're on a plane
Two seconds
He's like
Can you close the curtain
Behind us
So everyone can't see us
This is the same trip
That I got on earlier
I'm like where's Keith
He busts in late
Comes bombing in six
He takes his winter hat off
Because it's freezing
And boss time
His hair's everywhere
I think I have a picture
Of Twitter on it
And he goes into his bag
I'm like what do you get
And he just whips out
Like a seven pound bag of Teddy Grahams.
Like the chocolate caramel flavor.
He's just like...
Do you think this trip will be like, oh, it's God, do we get to play
golf?
This hair over here.
I'm like, this is the NHL lockout.
Holy shit.
We used to just call him Fartsmell.
Oh, God.
Yanz is funny for his, like, random comments,
and he...
I mean, it's kind of rude.
I don't know if we even bring it up,
but we used to call our Stewies Fart Sniffers,
because, like, you know after games,
we, like, crush steak,
we eat all this food,
and we're, like, farting in our...
because we change into our jogging suits.
You're waiting to...
You're waiting to, like...
You're waiting to call a poker call,
you're just like...
Can I get another course?
Well, when they bend over, they always get down a squat position.
Literally, they're sniffing your taint.
You're just like.
So we used to wait.
And then you're waving in their face.
You're waiting for their reaction. They're just so immune to it. You're like waiting for their reaction.
They're just like so immune to it.
They're like, I'm a professional fart sniffer.
I don't even smell that now.
I've literally taken out my nose, nostril things that make me smell shit.
That went off the rails quick there.
Yeah, where did that even start with?
What other stories are involved?
With the Teddy Grahams.
Oh, yeah.
That was the end of that.
We had a fun trip, though.
That was a good time.
That was when Teddy and Bugsy and I were driving to skate in the morning,
and we're getting ready for the NHL season, thinking it's going to start soon,
and Bugsy cracked open a beer, and we all had to chug a beer.
I was in Dallas.
Way to practice.
I was in Dallas.
That was Dallas.
That was another trip.
Remember that trip?
That was crazy.
That was Bear.
Remember Bear?
That was Bear.
I know we already told the story, but how bad was he at camp?
Oh, Bear couldn't skate.
This is Danny Clear.
We're talking about, I mean, this is the guy who says,
I'll come on during the cup finals only because I'm a cup champ.
So he will.
But I'll tell you right now, during that skate, he looked like a Calder Cup,
maybe a Kelly Cup, maybe whatever the fuck.
His middle name is Daniel Steve Eisenman Cleary.
So he thinks he can't come on because he's a man.
He couldn't skate.
Remember how bad he was, Keith?
I know we talked about it before.
Oh, wait. Time out.
I was gone, I believe.
No, you weren't invited.
No, I was in Cardiff
playing in the EIHL.
I was playing in men's league in Saugus, Mass.
Hockey town.
I was playing in the EIHL for the Cardiff Devils.
I was playing in a rink that had a brick wall on the side of the board.
I was playing in a rink that didn't have a locker room bathroom.
I get a text from Keith Yano, and it's a video of Dan Cleary who went and rented skates.
That was one of the funniest things I've ever seen.
So tell the story, Keith.
I think Witt's better.
Well, you can hop in, but we went for dinner one night during this camp.
I mean, we were there for an entire week, pretty much.
So one of the nights, dinner, and let's go over to the W Bar, have a couple drinks.
W Scottsdale.
W Scottsdale, nice little setup.
So we're sitting around having drinks, and all of a sudden, like, Hork's like, look, look.
And Bear, Dan Cleary.
Keep in mind, before you start going, or keep going,
they had a fake little ice rink
because it was like the wintertime.
They were over the pool.
You can rent some skates.
You can rent some bender wheels,
like the skates I wore my whole career.
They're like, hey, they're the exact East.
They got them over there next to the hotel.
They have a little, like, same type set up.
So Hork goes, oh, my God, look at Bear.
Now, this is Stanley Cup champ.
At 15, 16, he was called, like, the next Wayne Gretzky, Dan Cleary.
He is out on the ice pretending.
I don't know if he was pretending or at that point that's how he skated.
His ankles were bending in.
He was like this.
Put the mic up to your mouth.
Skating around like this.
Hey, guys.
And I've never laughed that hard in my life.
Dude, we were crying.
We were like, give him a stick.
Give him a stick.
He's like, what kind of stick was that?
The best part was civilians were like, hey.
Someone told him how to skate.
Yeah, yeah.
He's like, hey, bend your knees.
He's like, thank you.
Yeah.
So civilians telling, what, at that time, two, three?
Two times, right?
Two times telling a cup champion how to skate.
No, one cup.
One cup.
Trust me, no one would know if he got a second one
I don't think he's on the cup anymore
Because he was that bad
Keith told him they're engraving his name off the cup
Speaking of Newfies
Remember Adam Party?
Remember we used to call his uncle
Remember his uncle's accent
He would call me
Oh, R.A.'s?
R.A.'s his uncle?
The water boy guy?
That's what he sounded like.
Honestly, he's not all there, but he's as funny as Larry David without even knowing.
So he had to get up.
He had to go before the judge one day, and they're like,
Hedley, you got to get up before the judge.
He goes, Lord Jesus, what time in the morning does he wake up?
Because he was like, you got to get up before the judge.
He's like, Lord Jesus, what time does he wake up?
So they were like, he stood up for trial.
And they were like, all right, what's your name?
He's like, Hedley Temple.
They're like, when's your birthday?
He's like, May 19th.
And they're like, well, what year?
He's like, Lord Jesus, every year.
May 19th, and they're like, well, what year?
He's like, Lord Jesus, every year.
We used to call him on speaker to start our morning, every morning in Dallas, because we'd be hung over.
Cup of coffee.
Oh, yeah.
Pards.
Call him.
What a mutant Pards was.
This is kind of random, but we have to talk about the Bugsy story in Long Island because he probably won't tell it.
No, we've got to let him.
I think he will.
I think he will by the end of the weekend.
We're going to open him up.
Where is Sethatone Malone?
Sethatone Malone is the best name ever.
In bed.
I'm sorry.
No, let's ask the hockey question.
Hurry hockey question.
I was going to ask the big Patriots fan what he's doing for the Super Bowl.
We've got the Pats looking out for another Super Bowl here.
It's in Atlanta.
You never know.
I might be there.
Hot Atlanta.
Oh, snap.
You've fired up to a couple of them, haven't you?
I went to the one in Houston when they beat Atlanta.
South of Weezy.
When they beat Atlanta, me and Sean Thornton were there.
It was a
How good is Thornton doing right now?
You would have thought I was with Legitimate
Jesus Christ
The way people in Boston
Were treating this guy
I took 6,000 photos
Of him
With other people
You were the pictures
Yeah I was that guy
I was just
I wasn't even taking pictures
Yep that came out good
You were that guy
Taking pictures of that guy
Yeah
That's a suspension
Tossy
Two game
Fucking rat
Brian
Any funny Keith Yandel stories
You can share with us
That you had maybe
In your mind
Before you came on
I don't mean to put you
On the spot
It's tough
God
If you just keep talking
They come up
Right
To put someone
What do you think about
When Keith
Decided
Keith
Decided to go Major junior instead of college?
Why did that end up happening?
Well, because he couldn't spell.
Same reason.
He couldn't spell UNH.
I remember.
I don't know.
I got a call.
This was obviously like, so I was maybe at, Keith was probably like eighth grade or freshman
year.
So I was maybe at UNH for like my freshman year.
And at that time, I don't even think I had a cell phone.
So I like my home phone rang.
Keith answered the phone.
I wasn't home.
And the coach at UNH, his name was Dick Umilli.
Richard.
So Keith leaves a note. Keith leaves a note
Keith leaves a note on the kitchen table
Old school
He's like, Bri, Coach, you Millie called
Call him back at this number
So I read the thing
And it's Y-O-U-M-I-L-E
Like, you Millie
He sounded it out great.
Great job.
But that's, yeah.
But it's, he obviously hasn't paid attention to college hockey in the last 25 years.
And it's just a straight U-M-I-L-E.
I do have a good Buddy Yandel story about when Keith was being recruited and coaches were calling the house to admit.
Wait, you've heard this one.
Yeah, this is Brown.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So there's a Merrimack one, too.
Remember the Merrimack one?
Yeah, I don't remember that one.
All I hear him, he's on the phone.
He goes, don't know who he's talking to.
He goes, if my son could spell the name of your school, I'd let him come there and then hung up.
I'm like, who is that, Dad?
He goes, Merrimack coach.
I was like, no, Keith said Merrimack. I was like, what is that? He goes, Merrimack coach. I was like, no, Keith said, M-I-R-R-I.
Yeah, you're right.
I couldn't do it.
Mary.
Yeah, the Brown one, though.
The Brown was great.
So he was.
A lot of nights are calling.
They're going to offer you 50K under the table.
It was kind of good.
I mean, Keith was supposed to come play with me at UNH my senior year,
and we would have played together, which would have been obviously awesome.
But it didn't work out.
So he was getting recruited by different places
and one time, I forget who it was,
recruiting for Brown
University, which is obviously an Ivy League
school. And
they called the house and
my father
answers the phone and she's
like, and he's like, yeah, oh, so what school are you at, though?
Brown University.
Oh, yeah.
He's like, listen.
He's like, the only brown that kid's going to be seeing is in his underwear.
He goes, it ain't happening.
He goes, I appreciate you calling, though.
Who's college coaching?
People who dream of having a college coach call their kid,
like, oh, my God, we're getting recruited.
Like, my kid, he's going to have a shit the color of your school
and his underwear.
He ain't coming.
No chance.
It was unbelievable.
It all worked out.
I remember, I think he got drafted in the Q.
You weren't drafted by Moncton.
No, I was drafted by Chukwudumi.
Yeah, like Chukwudumi or whatever.
So my mother answered the phone.
It was like Guy Cabanel or something was the GM.
My mother obviously had no clue who it was, like didn't have anything.
And she's like, Mrs. Yano, this is Guy Cabanel.
And she's like, buddy!
Buddy!
This guy, I don't know what he's saying.
He's like, I don't know.
My husband handles all the hockey stuff.
He's going to college.
No, he isn't.
No, he's not, Patty.
No, let's scratch that.
That was the first ever song.
Sorry, Guy couldn't spell you, Millie.
Or you and H.
All right, you got any more hockey questions?
You want to talk about my career?
Let's do an R.A. Hamilton.
Yeah, let's do an R.A. Hamilton.
Is there anybody that you haven't
ran into in the all-star locker room yet
that you're looking forward to maybe this weekend?
Somebody you looked up to or just appear
you haven't been able to say, hey man, I appreciate
what you do.
Well, I haven't been to the locker room yet, but
He's like, I didn't
bring my gear. The game was yesterday.
He hasn't been there. He hasn't signed in yet.
I haven't seen your wrench from afar for years.
Yeah, looking forward to that.
I saw Shane Doan today. Obviously a guy who had a huge impact on my career,
so that was cool to see him.
Guys have an absolute weapon, main artery right in his cock.
Yeah, holy craisler.
You ever see that lady on Instagram, Mary Krimos?
Craisler.
Yeah, no, I think all the young guys too
I saw Austin Matthews today
said hi to him
can you tell everyone that I'm not that cheap
no no
you never paid for a meal once
but I never wanted you to
right
but you did
if we went out you always paid but then collected more the next day.
Yeah.
Guys, just vend with me 300 each.
You're like, we were at five, guys.
Yeah, we literally didn't go out.
I thought that was like 75 bucks.
You motherfuckers.
No, no, no, there was crazy tax.
You know, in the note state, taxes were not in one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wouldn't say you would cheat, because you would spend them.
And we'd go to the mall mall and you would just go nuts.
Frugal is the word.
You just don't like to pay for food
when there's richer people around.
Get the fuck out of here.
I don't think it's a bad thing.
Says the guy who got PJ'd with his whole family here
because of Keith.
Yeah, exactly.
Flown by fire, man.
It seemed like yesterday you just broke into the league.
Now you're like one of the older guys
in the all-star game locker room.
Teddy wants to hang himself like the guy in the airplane.
No, I was just saying because you said flown by.
He's breaking in his new tongue.
Yeah, I mean, it has flown by, definitely.
And, I mean, guys always say to enjoy it because you never know it ends quick and
you know you see guys retiring and you know it obviously goes quick but i think uh i mean i've
pretty much enjoyed every minute of it and i'm uh i'm gonna enjoy every minute of it yeah you
seem like a guy who's been having some fun with it oh yeah all right well well, boys, thank you very much. Any more arsenal there, Teddy?
Yeah, Hamilton.
Maybe.
Well, no, we hadn't summoned any.
I mean, I'm sure we can get questions in about five minutes. You can think of one.
All right, Hamilton.
All right.
Do WWF.
If you bring up the Simpsons or a movie, I'm out of here.
I say that before every episode.
I'm still around.
Have you ever seen around chef in town hey
you guys know that like he says simpsons quotes every episode and you guys just don't react to it
well sometimes i do i say what the five i get him i get him yeah oh every time yeah so i mean yeah
so see he gets them see wait let's talk a lot more people get them than I would think. Let's talk about how Keith is white trash in the sense that he
loves MTV
television shows. He watched
16 and Pregnant. Never missed an episode.
He bought
three jet skis and he takes them out
and then he goes back and watches Teen Mom.
It's his full day. He's complete trash.
I have a TV on my jet ski.
Anybody
with as much tattoos as Biz can be calling anybody white trash.
Oh.
Suck on that one, Biz.
Suck on that.
Scarecrow neck tat.
I have terrible tattoos.
No, they're not bad.
All right, boys.
We can wrap this.
Thank you very much for coming on.
And that crucifixion.
So thank you very much, Ross, Brian, and Keith Yandel.
Thanks, Yandel. It's always a pleasure. And of course, Teddy Purcell hopping in here. And that crucifixion. So thank you very much, Ross, Brian, and Keith Yandel. Thanks, Yandel.
It's always a pleasure.
And, of course, Teddy Purcell hopping in here.
This has been an awesome experience.
Vince Chigot's correspondent.
Once again, thanks to those two wackos.
I'm sure they'll be back sooner rather than later,
especially Officer Ross with his new monthly segment.
Actually, R.A., speaking of the Yandels,
this is probably a good time to play probably the prank of the year.
Keith Yandel teamed up with Wits buddy Foley to pull off an all-time prank
on new teammate Noel Achari and Mackenzie Wieger.
So without further ado, here is the Foley-Achari story.
Keith says, oh, yeah, Foley's here.
Here's Mackenzie Wieger's number.
Here's Wieger's right here.
So Foley decides to send Wieger a text.
And now going into what I'm about to read, if you remember,
Noel Achari, the newest Florida Panther, a very good signing for the Florida Panthers,
who played great, great minutes for the Bruins. He joined the team. He also had a fight, a memorable fight for himself, a not so
memorable fight last year for Mackenzie Wieger when they battled. So now they're teammates.
Is it awkward? People always ask that. I mean, not really. Go in the locker room. What's up,
bud? They don't give a fuck. But that has something to do with it. So, Foles says,
Hey, Weegs. Nolachari here.
Super psyched to play with you.
Any chance I can get number
52? I mean, I did beat your
ass last year. Ha.
So, you know,
Mackenzie Weegers sitting there, I'm like, what the
fuck? He writes, Achari,
what's up, bro? Can't wait to play
with you, too. Happy i don't have to fight
you either ha ha ha like probably read the chart was like what the fuck but like yeah he's new
teammate he could be just completely depending on what their sense of humor is that's coming in hot
so uh nola chari aka falls comes back with uh what about the number? Because, you know, Weger didn't answer that question in the first response.
So Achari, false, comes back with, I make way more money than you, so I should get it.
So Weger at this point is like, what a prick.
He goes, ha ha, what?
And you know when you just write ha ha, that's so phantom.
Like, that's just like.
Holy, it's like, holy shit, dude.
What?
So, Achari comes back again with, I make more iron than you.
So, I should get to wear 52 over you.
We could still be friends.
So, all of a sudden, Keita gets a text.
So, Uyghur's now like, okay, what's going on here?
This is kind of bullshit if it's a Chari clown.
I got to ask my boy Yance, who's a veteran in the league.
I got to ask him a question.
It's just so funny that he ends up texting Yance about it.
And the fact that Yance just teed it all up, it's just too good.
It's too good.
So, you know, I'm reading for weeks now.
Hey, Yance, if a guy makes more money than you,
does that mean you have to give up your hockey number?
LOL, he writes.
So Yance, who's now probably just crying, just laughing,
he writes, usually depends on how many games played, why?
So Mackenzie Weeger then sends back the screenshot he's got going on with Achari,
Foley, Foley Achari, that's who this is.
He sends the screenshot to Jens where you can see his answer to Foley's last text
where Foley said, I make more iron than you.
We could still be friends.
You can see his answer in the screenshot, but Keith then sending me a screenshot.
So you can't see the full one, but you can see Uyghur answer.
Oh, fuck.
I completely forgot.
I fucking love that number, but, and it got crossed off there.
And Uyghur underneath the screenshot to keith goes
i'm choked dude so he has a response fuck well who's played more games and then we go now this
is when he's sitting around and he's like man i love number 52 like this dickhead's coming in
i don't want to lose this number and he's bummed out so he texts back to yance i mean he has played more
games than me which is fine but to ask like that mean to ask me like that man no respect actually
it's not like he's a superstar now listen listen okay so
the Yann's response
ha ha ha
that's fucking incredible
be like
hey moneybags
you gotta buy me
a watch or something
that's what Keith
wants to respond
now by the way
when I'm reading that line
by Uyghur
like it's all
he's a superstar
that
Achari's gonna laugh
so hard
I mean
like people
people might be like
why are you reading this like dude that's just so so funny i mean this thing like people people people might be like why are
you reading this like dude that's just so so funny achari knows he isn't a superstar and
weger does have a point this guy texting him is acting like it's like albert pool's join the angels
and dummy and a rookie for for a number yeah so um now i'm scrolling down Sorry. And all of a sudden, you could see a screenshot from Foley Achari to Weeger.
This is from Weeger.
And at the top, you can't see what's said, but you see Achari, Foley, say,
Nice doing business with you.
See you at training camp.
So I'm pretty sure on the text that wasn't sent that he said, buy me a watch.
And I think Foley's saying, like, all right, yeah, I'll buy you a watch.
I think we missed that.
So they brokered a deal.
It looks like they brokered a deal.
So Weeger all of a sudden realizes, wait, don't you wear 55?
He doesn't even wear 52.
So Foley Achari's like not anymore 52 now sorry
sorry bud probably time for a change for you anyway period
so winger's now like this motherfucker's changing his number just to take my number? And he writes, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Round three at camp.
Winner can keep the number.
I think at this point he might know because, like, all those ha-has.
And then Foley, if Shari wasn't done, yeah, I'll beat your ass again.
Get in line, pal.
And then sign a free agent deal like me, and then you can pick your number.
So this Foley guy so this noel achari has just come on to the panther scene as a horrible teammate and a horrible guy and poor mckenzie wieger is taking the brunt of it but
that that is funny good old-fashioned pranks right there.
Next up, a little in-house rivalry.
Borelli versus Avery.
Resident Island is not Frankie Borelli versus former Ranger Sean Avery,
who likes to mix it up with everybody, especially people in the bike lane.
These two went at it and I thought it was pretty entertaining.
So didn't you folks.
So we're going to replay that for you all right now.
Avery versus Borelli. A little 30 minute little third minute action johnny welcome to the podcast gentlemen gentlemen
how's it going good perfect timing we have uh noted islanders fan frankie barelli on the line
to say hi frankie to sean avery hello sean all right frank All right, Frankie, let's get this started.
Frankie, do you live in the city?
Now I do for work, but my family's home is still right by the Coliseum in East Meadow.
No, but you personally live in New York City?
I do right now, yeah.
You got roommates? I do right now, yeah. You got roommates?
I do.
How old are you?
25.
That's cool.
That's fun.
It's a fun city, right?
What the fuck is this?
What do you mean?
I'm just getting to know you.
Yeah, I know.
What do you want to know?
Are you a security guard? No, I am on edge. Because, I know. I mean, I don't know. What do you want to know? Are you a security guard?
No, I am on edge.
Because, I mean, what are we going to do?
We're going to have to ask, like, what the hell?
What is this interview?
Well, I mean, why am I getting so defensive?
I see you with your fucking hat all over Twitter talking about the Islanders fan base,
calling us greasy Italians, greasy, disgusting fucking whatever you said.
I mean, honestly, I should have listened to you when when you started
the video saying if you don't want to hear me talk about hockey you should turn it off
i actually don't want to talk about hockey let's just be accurate you watch that video at least
150 times you know exactly what i said verbatim i didn't say anything about italians that's you
you just pulled that that's like crazy sensitivity i love italians i said nothing
about italians but we all know what you were trying to generalize you're like we're a greasy
who says greasy and doesn't think of italians i am a greaseball my dad probably puts grease in his
hair as he opens up the italian restaurant every day and you know what it doesn't matter that's
who we are avery you to sit here and talk about our fan base and being disrespectful.
Out of all people in the world, Sean Avery is going to tell people how to act?
What are you, fucking nuts?
You have no more high ground to stand on.
You are one of the most dirtiest players in NHL history, voted by your peers as being
one of the worst players that
they've ever played with.
Frankie, how many times did I ever get suspended in the NHL?
I honestly don't know your suspension records.
I don't.
Exactly.
You just throw things against the board hoping that it's going to stick.
I need to start talking in sacks.
I want you to start talking in sacks right now.
John Tavares.
Okay. I want you to start talking in sacks right now. John Tavares, okay? There's a laundry list of reasons why he didn't owe you or the Islanders a single fucking thing. You want me to start? needs to decide one day, I owe this organization something and say, you know what? I plan on
leaving in two months, even though he had no idea whether or not he was going to leave.
How do you think, do you think he really knew? Do you know how many things, I know you've only
been in an NHL locker room to get something signed before, but there's a million things
that go through the mind of an NHL player when you have your entire life in front of you one decision we've heard this a million
times i don't even think spitting chicklets has an hour to listen to you go through this
we listen to you chirp him now he's coming up with valid points. I think we should let him finish.
I'm just playing the middle man here.
Here's my second.
I feel like I'm watching a freaking old man walk down the street right now.
This is insane.
Well, Frankie, what do you want to talk about?
I mean, you're a sports expert.
What do you want to say?
Do you want to just yell at each other?
No.
Do you want to just yell at each other?
You do aggravate me because that's just who you are.
You're an agitator.
That's what you are.
That's what your whole entire persona has been.
What's number two, Abe?
What's number two?
Number two.
Do you not think that the arena issue had serious,
serious implications in his decision?
I read an article this morning from 2015 talking about how those guys had to
take trains into the city.
They then had to stay in hotels during the day for,
for home games,
biz wit,
you know how uncomfortable that is home games.
The beautiful thing about home games is being able to go to your favorite
restaurant around the corner from your house to be able to go home get into your own bed sleep with your own fucking pillow how uncomfortable
is a pre-game nap in a hotel on the road with shitty pillows with because my neck my i couldn't
even i couldn't even do it because i my neck would end up hurting you know i need that fluffy i need
my home pillows and they didn't have it right absolutely major major
major factor so so thank you just why why after a guy gives you guys a fucking run like this kid
gives you that you guys are in the parking lot running over his jersey like barbarians
you know what really set me off throwing shit at him as he's walking off
the ice what type of fucking fan base is that that that's just like it's embarrassing and sean
i've agreed with that but you can't take an entire fan base and and boil it up into one fan that
throws a plastic snake or a jersey at him it's the same thing with every other fan base. You can find one
or two. It's like a vocal minority type thing
where how are you possibly supposed to
say that all 13,700
people... There were riots in the
parking lot. There were
organized events in the
parking lot. But that's like fun
tailgating shit. Like, are you...
You're also, like, taking away the part that
this fan base had this date circled on their calendar for the entire season.
It's something that, like, you know, the Islanders opened up the parking lot
at 8 a.m.
It was a drinking event.
It's something that, like, fans got up for.
The team's playing unbelievable.
They're playing in first place.
Toronto's, like, this new rivalry now that we're getting ready for.
I mean, I couldn't wait for that game.
So, Frankie, can I tell you my third point? The New York Islanders have a difficult time
attracting free agents. I'll tell you right now, if a guy has a choice whether to go to the Rangers
or the Islanders, it's pretty much a guarantee he's going to the ranger they had an opportunity to take a
step forward in legitimizing the organization they're playing great they got a great team
lamorello's running running the show now all they had to do was celebrate taveras act like grown-ups
it would have been a beautiful night and it would have set the tone for the future and being able to attract free
agents to come and play in that fucking dump of arena in,
in a, in a place where there's not a lot going on. And I'm right, man.
You're not actually not right. The arena may be a dump, but not for the,
not for what the fan, not for the players here,
what the fans see when they're in the actual stadium. Yeah.
We don't have great hallways and yeah, we don't have that hallways, and yeah, we don't have that many bathroom lines,
and yeah, we don't have the top-notch beers on tap.
But when you're inside that stadium, you can see the fucking best hockey game
you'll ever see in the NHL left to this day.
I don't want to sit at the Barclays Center where you can't even see the offensive zone.
And I don't want to sit in one of these new arenas where you're 800,000 feet
up in the air.
I want a low-ceiling barn that the players love,
and they say that they can feel the electricity when they're sitting in the
locker room.
How many more  how many arenas are left like that?
How could you possibly  how could the Coliseum be something that you could
rag on with the way that the Islanders franchise has been with horrible
sidings and Rick DiPietro, really bad contracts?
Like, the Coliseum's the
thing that we're going to really tell?
That's the thing that you're
dragging on this for? I think the Coliseum's
one of the best things we have left.
Well, let's agree to disagree,
but what I'm saying is, I'm
trying to help you. I'm trying to agree
with you. I want to be
on your side. I want the Islanders to do well.
I want them to be able to sign free agents
because it's an attractive place for free agents to come and play.
But that stunt that they pulled was a sideshow,
and it also doesn't really reflect the direction
that Lamorelle is trying to take the organization.
It shows passion, Sean.
It shows passion.
When we lost to the Capitals
In the final season
At the Coliseum in 2015
Fans were ripping seats
Out of the floor
People were calling
Yeah to throw it to Maris
When he left a couple years later
Yeah shut the fuck
When we were
When we were winning
That series 2-1
Right before
Wilson absolutely destroyed
Viznoski's career
And then he never ended up
Playing hockey again after that
And I'll never forgive Tom Wilson for that.
But during that season, when that place was going absolutely crazy,
that's passion.
That's what our fan base is about.
It's like you're stepping into the jungle.
We want to be the opposite of what the Toronto Maple Leafs fans did
the other night where they fucking did a standing ovation
because we hurt his feelings.
I mean, there's two sides to this, right?
I think that was more like we're
behind you. We appreciate you coming here.
It was one of the most embarrassing things I've ever seen in my life.
They put a spotlight on their guy.
More so than
people throwing things?
Come on. That's the
softest shit I've ever seen. They called it
Toronto JT Day.
It was JT Day in Toronto. The
mayor's coming out talking about how much they love their player.
Let the guy get booed.
Frankie, who would hate that, man?
Who would hate that?
I'm a sock playing in a city where the fans just tell you how much they love you.
I'm not saying that he should hate that.
I'm saying it's like from an outside looking in, it's like, oh, my God,
we booed him too much.
What are we talking about here, guys? Are we really talking about feelings? The guy makes 10,000 a like oh my god we booed him too much what are we talking about here guys we're really talking about feeling the guy makes 10 million a year let him get no
you can see it you can see it like that but i don't think it was like i think it was just like
yo he got booed there so let's just show our appreciation for him make him feel fucking
make him feel at home make make him feel like he gave him a decision for us it was like we gave him
a couple of boo-boos and his mom is is, like, patting his head, saying,
it's okay, you're over here.
Or throwing a temper tantrum because he left.
I mean, like...
Yeah, you could look at anything both ways,
but that's just the way I saw it.
I saw it as, like, he came into our house,
we gave him the shit that, like, that's what we were waiting to do.
We expected John Tavares to be a franchise player.
We expected him to be in the rafters here's the problem the rafters hold on hold
on here's here's the problem though frankie i'm gonna let you in on a little secret no player in
the nhl thinks that the coliseum is a tough building to. So all of a sudden they want to start being like the Oakland Raiders.
The Coliseum is not a tough fucking building to plan.
You want to talk about some tough buildings to plan?
We can talk about that.
The Coliseum's not high on that list.
Biz, Whit, would you agree with me?
Hila River.
Well, the reason, I don't think it was, but they
dude, really, this kind of, I mean, it's not great for you,
but they've been so shitty for so long that
it's never really been like a crazy
place. Now, maybe, yeah, the other night I heard it was
wild, but that's once a season
when your most hated best leader you ever
had comes back to town. So
listen, I'm not going to say it's a great, I mean,
it's not like playing in San Jose.
It's like, that's a great example.
That's what I was thinking of.
On a Monday night.
And listen, I'm the first one to admit, I went to every single game
from when I was six years old to when I was 15,
and I was sometimes the only person in the arena who was actually clapping
because, you know, you're talking about seasons when we put up  I don't know.
I mean, I was looking at it before.
There were some seasons where this team put up 61 points, 79 points, 73 points, 55 points. Yeah, I mean, the product on the ice was never that great. But when the team actually performs and when the team shows up, there is really no place like the Coliseum. I mean, I've never heard a place like that the other night. It was absolutely insane. I mean, Dave Portnoy, I've gone to Superbowl with them. I've gone to Patriot games with them,
playoff games. He said like, he was looking around the place and be like,
this is fucking nuts. Okay. I understand what you're saying.
It's a very passionate. It is a passionate. Sorry, go ahead. No, go ahead.
Go ahead. It's when you played against the Islanders and you saw like empty arenas and stuff like, yeah, that's, that's, that's just,
that's just like a product of the times when, you know,
a team's playing poorly. I mean, you can probably find that in Carolina.
You can probably find that in Florida. You can probably,
when teams are playing bad, it's like the fan base gets affected.
Frankie, you got to understand though. I also played in the,
in the Coliseum,
the third last game of the season where if either team wins they go to the playoffs and
the ranger fans are trampling the islander fans and this fucking building i mean come on man
wrap this up because we've been going quite a while here i think you both bring up good points
i think these two could do it hold on, I want to, hold on, Biz.
I want us to go agreeing on
one thing, and I hope we're going to agree on this.
Frankie, how good was Ziggy Palsy?
Yeah,
he was a good player. He was a great
player. I mean, he was a little bit earlier in my time
of, like, absolute fandom, but...
Right, that's true. Okay. Alright.
I tried. My guy would be
Jason Blake. And listen, Avery, if there's one thing I, all right. I tried. My guy would be Jason Blake.
And listen, Avery, if there's one thing I can end on,
I just don't want to hear you talking about the honors fan base because I just don't think you have any ground to stand on,
especially when you're talking about, like, morals
and talking about, like, you know, respect and shit.
So I respect you talking to me right now and, you know, hashing it out,
but it really did piss me off.
If anyone  the last verse I wanted
to hear talking about respect for my fan base was
Sean fucking Avery, but I'm good at that.
Biz, thanks for having me on.
Biz, good points.
Very good points. I think both of you guys
make good points. It's a pleasure, Sean.
It's the entire athlete versus fan
mentality that I think people have always
wondered about, and I think we're kind of getting
a little bit of a glimpse. I mean, Frankie, you came in, you're holding your own with your points
against three former pro athletes.
You've got R.A. here, too, and he's pro at something else.
And I think that you did a good job.
I still think you're nuts, and I think a lot of those people are dirtbags.
But good job, nonetheless.
So thank you both.
Oh, man, those two.
Every time they get in the same room, it's like the fur flies with those two.
But listen, I want to talk to you about behaving this way, okay?
Everybody knows about the risks of driving drunk.
You could get in a crash.
People could get hurt or killed, but that still doesn't stop everyone.
You could get arrested.
You could incur huge legal expenses.
You could possibly even lose your job.
We all know the consequences of driving drunk, but one thing's for sure.
You're wrong if you think it's no big deal.
So drive sober or get pulled over.
This holiday season, NHTSA wants you to remember to plan ahead if you'll be celebrating.
If you plan to drink, plan for a sober driver to take you home.
As you're trying to be the designated driver, take that role seriously and do not consume alcohol, not even one drink.
Drive sober or get pulled over. With NHTSA support, state and local law enforcement agencies across the nation
are stepping up enforcement to put an end to drunk driving,
showing zero tolerance to save lives.
Seriously, I shouldn't have to tell you at this stage of the game
not to drink and drive, but it's foolish and there's no need for it,
so don't do it.
All right, next up, our pal Joe Vitale.
He popped in to talk about his former teammate, Sidney Crosby.
He's got some good intel on him.
He played with him for a while.
Joe's a great guy, a great storyteller as well.
So let's send it over to Vitale on Crosby.
I remember I was a DJ, and I have the pregame mix,
and we went on a 16-game tear, like streak.
And so I would keep the playlist the same before every game.
And the first game of this run, I didn't know what kind of run we're gonna go on i'm playing uh florence and
machine dog days are over he comes up to me he's like dude this is a great song i go yeah it's a
good song he goes i went to italy last summer and this was like my theme song for italy i go no way
he's like yeah we played on a trip awesome european trip he tells me this whole story he goes out he
gets a couple apples we win I play the same song
he comes up to me
the next game
he's like hey dude
this was my Italian
theme song
swear to god
and I'm like
I'm like
I'm like
yeah
yeah I know
you told me that already
he goes yeah
we went to Europe
and he tells me this whole story
again I'm like
Michael
are you
are you nuts
like you already told me this story
and then we win again
this goes on
for 16 straight games.
I'm talking like a month.
We didn't lose.
And then we saw Trotsky's autobiography comes.
You're going to tell the chapter about the trip to Italy.
Oh, my God.
I was like, in every game, I had to act like I've never heard this freaking story before.
Finally, we lose.
And it comes out to me.
He's like, dude, what a run, huh?
On the song.
What an animal song what an animal
that's right i was just mind blown then wednesday night i got the shrimp scampi and then your song
came out you're like uh truthfully though being the team dj in pittsburgh it guaranteed you at
least 10 more games because sid had his playlist and you had to be there to play your song i swear
the coach in pit played me because Sid's like,
no, you got to play Joe.
He's our DJ.
I need the songs.
I mean, I'm telling you right away.
I think so many players in the history of the Penguins since 2005,
whenever he came in the league, have done the,
I just have to make myself, I need Sid to need me.
I remember Merle's was his roommate.
His rookie year.
He's like, I just got to make sure that he's like, like i need merles in my room like then i'll be here forever yeah i think there's
been like over 50 guys who've always thought like just just just have sid need me and i will never
be a pittsburgh penguin hey think about the guy who like is trying to become that guy
and he like stumbles and like drops his Gatorade on Sid's lucky sweater.
And he's like, no, no, no.
And Sid's like, give me one second.
Walks in the coach's room.
And then all of a sudden the coach comes out and he gives you the old over here.
No, I swear to God it wasn't my fault.
But he does it in the nicest way.
Like he never demands anything.
Like the nicest guy.
But you're right.
Everyone wants to be invited to the party.
You know what I mean?
That's unbelievable.
And next up, it's honestly one of the coolest interviews I think we've ever done.
I've always wanted to drive the Pacific Coast Highway, and we got to do that while interviewing Teddy Purcell and Bugsy Malone.
It's a beautiful ride.
If you ever get to do it, just make sure that our office manager, Brett, is not pulling
the strings or else you'll be driving in the dark till the wee hours of the morning.
But otherwise, it was a fantastic trip.
And those two are characters, no doubt about it.
So without further ado, here's Teddy and Bugsy on the old PCH.
Mr. Whitney is our old friend of the program, Teddy Purcell.
Thanks, R.A., for bringing me into the show out left in California.
It's been a blast so far.
And to your left is the one and only Bugsy Malone.
What's up there, Bugsy?
I'm having a great time, R.A.
I love your speaker voice right now.
You got us going.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'm getting my full Wink Martindale on.
How about our last couple days in L.A.?
Want to recap that a little bit for the audience?
Last couple days of events.
Hey, I just want to say, how about the bartender last night not serving us ice anymore?
Oh, yeah, let's go through the story.
Good job.
Well, listen, can I just set it up a little bit?
Oh, absolutely.
Then we're going to have to tell the truth when Bugsy's done talking.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Anyway, Barstool does it right.
They got the house here for the fellas.
They got the camera crew.
Everyone's together.
Big, happy family.
Good business, right?
I love it.
So then I'm like, all right, I'm going to maybe treat the boys tonight, buy them a few cocktails,
biz set up the bungalow.
But we went to bungalow.
I mean, it's a little bit of a douchey crowd, so we fit in perfectly.
Yeah.
I mean, we just did our own funow. I mean, it's a little bit of a douchey crowd, so we fit in perfectly. Yeah.
I mean, we just did our own fun thing.
Yes, we did.
But anyway, we have Dana, a few guys around that are younger in life.
Now they're kind of getting out exploring.
They get to Barstow, setting them up on all these fun trips. So I was kind of teaching them this little drinking game we play sometimes on these golf trips.
So, you know, I'm 39.
I have two kids.
I'm retired.
So when I have these trips on my
schedule I usually circle them because it's usually
green light
flashing green light
give me the green or I'm running the red
laughter
laughter
there's only one option but you gotta pick your poison
Biz mentioned it before where
we bumped into you in
Vancouver it was a Sunday for me I hadn't been going Pick your poison. Biz mentioned it before where we bumped into you in Vancouver.
Vancouver.
It was a Sunday for me.
I hadn't been going hard all weekend.
These guys are on the end of a bender.
I'm just trying to have a couple casuals,
and fucking Ice Kips keeps getting scooped out of my drink,
and he's like, chug your drink.
Bugsy's a bully, so when he fucking says it, you do it.
It's not a bully.
It's more a fun police making sure everyone's having the same amount of fun.
Oh, my God.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
So back to the story. Back to the story.
Brett and Dana.
Brett and Dana.
And then Nelly.
Obviously, he's excited about this game.
We set up a little distraction.
I think Brett was talking to Nelly.
Then I showed Dana.
I'm slowly just picking out the ice cube out of Nelly's glass.
Because he was turned to the side.
So then I was like, alright boys, cheers.
And he goes and reaches the glass and puts it up,
and there's no ice in it.
Then you've got to finish your drink.
So no ice means chug automatically right away.
It was more for the people that are in the group that are probably hurting,
and they're just holding it for like an hour.
And you look at them, there's like one ice cube left.
You know they've just never been milking it.
Exactly.
Okay, and so two things here.
You had a little pep talk with Dana and Brett who said they could hang.
And you said, no, you can't hang with me and I'm going to teach you a lesson.
No, I never said that.
I think Dana was the one guy that really pushed the pace.
He's like, I love this game.
So he's like, let's team up and try to get some of the other guys.
So we started doing it and obviously it was fun.
Sometimes it's even okay to pull your own
ice out as part of the team.
That little self
inflicted pain.
Well, I mean, we're all having a good time.
I haven't gotten gotten in long enough
time. I need to get myself.
So then you guys got cut off from getting ice
in your drinks. No, the bartenders
were just having a good time with us.
One time, I took
it out, the ice, at the bar
as I was getting the drinks and then brought them over
as a joke. And then the bartender was like,
I'll just serve them no ice if you want.
I was like, oh, okay.
Oh, so he just thought you wanted no ice.
They were St. Cloud shots.
They were like the drinks.
St. Cloud, okay, a little college reference.
Mid-part of the Midwest.
So, and then to conclude the story,
Brett ends up passing out on the beach,
or what'd you do?
You puked on the beach?
Yeah, I puked on the beach.
And then Dana wet the bed.
So he can join me in the bedwetting club,
which we're not embarrassed about.
He says it happens once a quarter.
I would say that's how often it happens to me.
I would say once every two months.
I mean, these guys, this is what happens.
Are you sure?
Everyone's learning.
You're up there in your bed.
Don't you feel bad for the new people that hang out with Bugsy?
They got Bugsy.
He's so tall.
He's a man rock.
He's got tattoos.
He's got this big grin.
He knows all these stupid tricks and dance moves.
Never being serious.
People just want to be around him.
And then the other guy's like, oh, man, Bugsy's so fun.
I want to hang with him tonight.
I'm like, dude, you're going to die.
Pace yourself.
He's like, what do you mean?
I'm like, we'll talk tomorrow.
You're going to get Bugsy'd.
And so many people.
And one guy was puking on the beach, talking to the waves, and the other guy's wet in the bed.
And the usual ending is him going, that was a fun night.
You guys aren't feeling good?
And then he's like, well, you guys are young.
And they're like, well, and I'm like, Bugsy's like, well, I'm really tall, too, so maybe I can handle it a little better.
I'll drink the water.
I was telling Brett, because Brent was having wine.
He's trying some smoked drink at dinner.
He's trying some other fancy drink.
You don't want to switch before we go out.
You don't want to mix all these cocktails,
but you want to just pick your weapon, your poison for that night
and just stick with it.
It was a good time.
Can we talk about the golf club story you tried to remind me about?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Or you told me to remind you about, I should say.
On the way home from the golf trip at the end of the round. This is the we ran into you because you set us up in uh vancouver in vancouver
so you guys were coming down from whistler yeah and we had to drop mike how far was that bus i
don't know we had to drop mike smith off at the uh airport so we had to go a little extra like
two hours out of the way to come back anyways we're having a good time so usually these bus
trips at the end there's like eight of us.
It's a good crew.
We've been drinking all week.
You're winding down.
But you're just like, last night, we might as well floor it.
Yeah, exactly.
So Bugsy floored it.
Bugsy made another rule for that.
He's like, this is my favorite game.
And then we're like, oh, I can't wait for this.
So Bugsy's smart, though.
He knows before that beer is going to be spilled.
We're going to spray people.
You're going to be sweating. You're going to spray people. You're going to be sweaty.
You're going to be hot.
We spray our surroundings.
Yeah.
It was just us on the bus.
Teddy, I know what you're saying.
We were on a short bus.
It was perfect for us.
And Bugsy gets on there.
He's just in his underwear.
And he has his left golf glove on.
So we're drinking.
He's only drinking off his left hand. And his right hand're drinking. He's only drinking off his left hand,
and his right hand's animated.
He's talking stories.
I'm like, Bugsy, what's on your left hand?
He goes, oh, that's my golf glove.
That's my drinking hand all day.
So he had his golf glove on for six hours after the round.
Only lefty drinking beers.
So then we're going down.
We drop Smitty off at the airport.
We come back, and it's so perfect.
Bugsy like
We call him
He's a construction worker
Yeah he is
He's from Gainesville
He's trash
So we get
Respect it
Respect the bird
We get out
And we take a piss
On the side of the road
And like only
This stuff only happens
At Bugsy
It's like mind blowing
The place is deserted
And there's like
Behind a dumpster
There's an old toilet
Just sitting there
Ready to get picked up Bugsy's like Found a toilet So we're an old toilet just sitting there ready to get picked up. Bugs is like,
found a toilet! So we're all over there
around the toilet, pissing in the toilet on the side
of the road. Then we all like run back on the bus
and Bugsie comes back on the bus
last. He has a pile on like four feet high
and he found a construction hat that
barely fit. It was like a yarmulke
on his head. It was just sitting on
his head like this.
He's in his underwear, right? He's in his underwear, he has tattoos everywhere and he's just drinking tans on a pile on his hat. And was just sitting on his head like this. He's in his underwear, Greg.
He's in his underwear. He has tattoos everywhere.
He's just drinking Tantan on a pile on his hat.
And Bugsy's like, yeah, construction worker,
who wants this? So then the next thing you know,
the pile on, it was disgusting, was outside for
months. We turned it into a funnel.
So Bugsy was on the top like,
no,
I was drinking Tantan.
He made you do it.
He was construction leader. He made me douzzy. He made you do it. Buzzy was construction leader.
He made me do it.
He made me do it.
He made me do our gear shift.
Sometimes we had a floor uphill.
Sometimes we had a pool in the back.
Sometimes, and Whistler is obviously really bumpy.
There's a lot of hills and stuff.
Sometimes it was flat.
But if we're going flat too long, Buzzy's like, nope, we got a floor up, boys.
He used the pylon gear shift.
And then it would get a little rowdy.
We'd spray people.
We're dancing.
We're like, all right, let's pull it back.
Back to neutral.
Let's do it.
Uphill.
Oh, here we go, boys.
So before Bugsy gets a chance to deny that story,
you told us about your electricity story in college.
Well, I mean, college.
Anyone that's been to college, you're just scrapping pennies, right?
I mean, whatever you can make work, you're making work.
We'd always stay up there in the summer and work out and train, get summer jobs.
But the hockey house before us, the guys never paid the bill, right, the electricity bill.
So it was probably like 1,000 or something, but none of us could find that.
So we ended up running an extension cord to our neighbor's house.
It got out of one of their back sockets. So then we hooked up an extension cord to our neighbor's house. Like out of one of their back sockets.
So then we hooked up an extension cord all the way around back through our house.
So another extension cord hooked up to like a TV, a microwave, and a light.
And one lamp in the corner.
And one lamp.
And that's what we had all summer.
It was like, it was getting dark.
We had like flashlights.
How was your new laundry?
You didn't.
We didn't do laundry.
You're in college.
Oh.
Probably never did his sheets one time in college.
Oh, God.
The college life sounds disgusting to me.
Oh, yeah, because you guys live in such healthy lifestyles.
Well, I mean, our billet moms will change our sheets that we've soiled and other things.
They cook us meals and roast you.
How many guys have you talked to on our teammates from those teams?
From my junior teams?
I keep in touch with a few guys.
I think college, just personally speaking,
you go there, you're with that group of kids,
you get a great time in your life, enjoying life.
You're all reaching for these goals.
You can build up some friends that last a lifetime
when you go to college, I feel, compared to major was your what was your summer job while you were at college
uh he worked at malone chevrolet
you can't even make this up
we're uh we're like lawn fertilization specialists or something we roll those big
hay things and then we like throw the little peg in the ground and step on it or
clean up construction stuff. We'd only
work till like halfway to the summer.
We had a goal of making two grand because then we
knew that could take us the rest of the summer.
So we worked and then we quit halfway through.
You'd make your summer.
You'd make your money to party the rest of the summer.
We knew what we had to make and then we were like,
that's good. That's all we need. That's good life skills.
Hey Bugsy, where'd you used to park your Lamborghini when you went to the bar in Tampa?
I wouldn't drive to the bar in Tampa.
Oh, really?
No, Bugsy would...
Whoopsies.
No whoops.
Okay.
Biz.
This is fucked.
You got one for me, another story?
Yeah.
Whit asked Bugsy where he used to park his Lamborghini.
Basically, he was Batman in Tampa.
It was flat black.
I remember a divorce.
Yes, for sure.
So I don't know what really.
I haven't been out or whatever.
He doesn't know.
After the divorce, he didn't know where to park his car, right?
That's a normal problem.
He was out on the game.
He used to force me.
And all the young guys, we were trying to be nice to Bugsy because he was so nice to us.
We were like, hey, we'll show you around.
This is the bar we go to.
So Bugsy's at the rink getting treatment after.
I go home and change first.
I don't want to go to the bar.
Bugsy has a 6,000 three-piece suit on.
He looks like James Bond, but tall.
And all of a sudden, he had a Lamborghini.
So this place is on the corner of the street.
So you can hear it coming down like a half mile away.
I'm like, uh-oh, Bugsy must be coming.
All of a sudden, I'm like, yeah, my friend's coming parking.
He's like, yeah.
He had these open windows.
Bugsy honestly basically pulled in right by the bathroom.
He opened the door, and he could walk right in the bathroom.
And Bugsy's like, no one's going to know I'm here.
I'm like, oh, you can't think?
You know, he peed.
I don't even want to say the number.
So when he beeped the horn on this Lamborghini,
instead of beeping, it goes...
That was his horn.
Get the fuck out of here.
That didn't happen?
He did.
He's going to deny it, but he didn't.
Imagine when somebody cuts you off and you...
Here's my one problem with Bugsy.
He seems to deny a lot of stories
He's just shy
He's so shy
He just says no and makes you look like a liar
He's opening up a lot today
Can you make a horn?
You can do whatever you want with money
Oh man he just thought about himself
Bugsy's a guy that lives in the present
I used to take pictures of him too
I was so funny I was trying to remember what he's doing. He's like,
take my phone. Don't do that. It's all right here in your head.
It's all in the memory. Live in the present.
I mean, I'd have
to agree with Teddy. I've got to document it and make
some money out of it. I know. I've been with you for two days.
Hey, speaking of Teddy. I like to look into your eyes, Biz.
Biz, we haven't talked about
our Sunday
with the Pats.
Our podcast, we didn't talk about the Pats game, right?
No, because we recorded before the Pats game.
That was a very, very fun day.
Teddy, why don't you tell everyone what you said when I asked,
what do you have on the game today?
Well, it was like, you taking the Pats today?
Demo Holmes has been a stud all year,
but it's so hard to bet against Brady in the playoffs.
You think?
These guys are all coming in from Boston too,
so I want to be on the same team as everyone
and cheer together.
You don't want to be that scumbag that
if you win, everyone else loses.
So it's like, you take any action on the
game today? I'm like, yeah, I got a Toyota Corolla on it.
He didn't laugh.
I'm like, oh shit, that must mean that's money.
No, it was a tax, and I was
like, what does he mean? And Dana's like, I, that must mean that's money. No, it was a tax. And I was like, what does he mean?
And Dana's like, I think that means how much you bet.
Like, what a toy, what a Corolla costs.
That's so fucking awesome.
I was like, yeah, that is what he bet.
Well, I mean, so that's a lot of money.
I'm assuming close to 20,000.
That was probably the most nerve-wracking game I've ever watched.
That was so fun.
They had like 25 reviews.
I didn't even have any money on it.
I was nervous for you guys.
Yeah, me and you were sitting there just taking it all in.
Yeah, me and Bugsy were kind of enjoying your guys' ups and downs,
but that's a big win, Teddy.
Yeah, that got me right back.
Yeah, right back to down still just hammered in the hole a Hummer.
Bugsy's Hummer he bought when he was in rookie year.
That's what I'm stealing the whole.
Oh, we got to talk about that.
It was yellow and black for the color of the Berg.
You bought a Hummer.
My rookie year, yeah.
I was like, if I make the Penguins in the NHL, I'm going to buy a Hummer.
Yeah, that's what my goal was.
That's a tough vehicle.
Tough for resale, too.
I forgot about the story of me and Bugsy.
Halloween in Pittsburgh.
It might have been 2008.
Oh, my gosh.
So we had a big win at home.
We had the day off the next day.
It was Halloween.
So, like, most of the team was going to, I think they were going to dinner or something,
but we ended up just going to get drinks.
So as the night's winding down and we're going to go meet everyone at Diesel down the road,
we're at a bar.
Me and Bugsy found, well, I found the Wendy's girl, like, you know, like the hair.
Like, I just had a mask, the Wendy's woman.
What did you have?
The Burger King mask.
Yeah, and then Bugsy found a Burger King mask.
We paid people like 100 each at that thing.
We were like, we got to have a costume
when we get to the bar to see the boys.
So we get outside.
We're in the costumes.
Bugsy's like, one, two, three,
raise me to the diesel bar, you bitch,
and just takes off. He's sprinting down Carson Street. So I'm like, oh, two, three, raise me to the diesel by you, bitch, and just takes off.
He's sprinting down Carson Street.
So I'm like, oh, shit, I got to catch him.
But I'm way behind him at this point.
So we're sprinting, and people are going, because I'm further back.
So as he's running by, people are going, that was Ryan Malone.
And they go, that's Ryan Whitney.
I'm sprinting into the Wendy's, girl.
What are those things called?
Big tails.
Big tails.
So he beats me up.'d he say folks he goes
or handlebars so he beats me he beats me to diesel and i run up the stairs i'm like i run
up upstairs he's standing behind the wall waiting for me with a slice of pizza
buries me i come around the corner like with a slice of large cheese pizza he slaps me in the face and then he's like ha ha suck a bitch i won the race and i owned, with a slice of large cheese pizza. He slaps me in the face.
And then he's like, ha ha, suck a bitch.
I won the race.
And I owned you with the slab of pie.
I have tomato sauce all over my face.
I got the Pippi Locks talking.
And I'm just laying there.
Bugsy's the Burger King guy yelling out.
Did you tell the guys who you dressed up as at Racky's house?
Yeah, one year I dressed up as Bugsy for Halloween.
All the tats. I just tattooed
myself everywhere.
And then I put on a stupid curly hair wig
because he used to have long hair.
And I just walked around with a bottle of yeah going,
what's up boys?
Take a shot. Come on. We're trying to have fun.
Came here to get fucked down.
I didn't come here to get fucked down.
Came here to get fucked down.
Then we shaved his head. Then they shaved my head. Have fun. Came here to get fucked down. I didn't come here to get fucked down. Came here to get fucked down. That's it.
You know what?
Then we shaved his head.
Then they shaved my head.
No way.
Yeah.
Thanks again to those two clowns.
I know they'll be on the show again sooner rather than later,
so sit tight.
We'll have those two guys back, Teddy and Bugsy.
Thanks again.
I know, listen, I know this one was relatively recent,
but it was such a banger that we're going to share it with you again.
And that was Chris Chelios.
He's a Hall of Famer.
He reached out.
He wanted to come on the show.
And when that happens, you make space for a guy like Chelly.
And that's what we did.
So once again, our pal, Chris Chelios.
Now, after Bowman retired in 02, you had Dave Lewis for a couple of years.
He lasted, I think, two seasons.
Then you bring in Mike Babcock.
I know that's a
big subject we wanted to get to. What was that like going from a guy like Dave Lewis to Babcock,
and how was your initial relationship with Babcock? Yeah, initial was no good right from the start.
Dave Lewis, you know, he followed Scott. He had tough shoes to follow, and in his defense,
he didn't change a thing. He was a great guy.
He was a very good coach.
We had a lot of injuries in the playoffs.
Then they started saying that Dave was a little too soft.
He was too attached to the players.
He was just a good guy, a lot like Larry Robinson.
That's when Kenny Holland felt they needed someone that was more strict and tougher on the players,
and that's where Babcock came in.
So when they did hire him, I'm thinking to myself,
God damn it, I know that name.
I wonder if it's that same guy that I played against in Moose Show
and then he was playing in Saskatoon and then McGill.
And sure as shit, it was Babs.
And I'm going, oh, my God.
So our first meeting, he calls me in and says,
hey, you remember me?
We played against each other and just purposely I said no.
So, you know, just to hurt his feelings a little bit.
Because I knew this was going south.
You know, this meeting was going to go south.
So, you know, we played a few exhibition games,
and I happened to score three games in a row.
And then we played the opener against Edmonton.
And, you know, I get play the opener against Edmonton, and, you know, I get the game-winner against Edmonton,
and he calls me in his office after the game on plus three,
and he says, what the F do you think you're doing?
I go, what are you talking about?
He goes, you're not here to score goals.
You're here, you know, play defense and babysit Brett Webda.
I said, yeah, but, you know, I've been plus all, you know, training camp,
and he interrupted me right away. He says, if you don't like it, you can go see Kenny Holland. I've been plus all training camp. And he interrupted me right away.
He says, if you don't like it, you can go see Kenny Holland.
I'm sure he'll trade you.
And I went, oh, boy.
So that's when I became the mentor.
And I didn't want to leave the team.
I love playing in Detroit.
I figured I'd last here as long as I could.
And I survived about seven years by just shutting my mouth and doing what I'm told.
Survived, Bob, seven years, you know, by just shutting my mouth and doing what I'm told.
You know, that's, you know, what's come up here in Toronto,
and I'm sure there's a lot more said than I've heard.
Commodore, you know, leading the charge.
He didn't sugarcoat it or nothing.
He went right for the heart.
And, you know, it's amazing, you know, that this is all coming out in the players,
but, you know, it's coming back to heart, Bob Cocter.
You know, not so much his coaching as the way he treated people.
Did you feel he treated you different
because you were an American?
Was that a factor at all, do you think?
No, I don't think it was because I was American.
I mean, we had Rafalski, he was American.
He, you know, he treated Rafi good.
What he did to Madano was incredibly disrespectful.
What he did to, just recently, spezza in toronto like those are
the things that are so unnecessary like he tried to healthy scratch me in the outdoor game in ridley
field against against chicago because he knew it was my hometown just things that were so unnecessary
uh to show he's the boss to show his general manager he's the boss that he's so such an unpowered thing his ego uh and that that's a
big part of his his personality but um yeah i you know like i said i i love but some of the
things the stories of what you know how he tried to get rid of me like it's just unnecessary and
again you know like keenan like it eventually cost him that you, he couldn't get a job in the NHL again.
And, you know, as bad as he's taken it now and all these stories come out,
that might be the case with him, not his coaching ability.
When you say he tried to scratch you, were you like, no chance?
Oh, well, trust me, I'll say it now.
Kenny Holland and Jim Mill for three days argued with him.
So what Babs ended up doing was he suited up 7-D for the first time ever.
First and last time, he suited up 7-D, put Andres Lilley in the lineup,
and played the opening shift and then didn't play me another shift
the rest of the game.
That was his way of showing Kenny and Jim Mill that he's not going to be told what to do again.
And, you know, it's funny.
I'm sitting there second to my two sons.
We're about 40 feet, you know, sit on the boards, and they're looking at me going, what's going on?
And I look at them, and I tip my glass like, you know, my cup to get me a beer.
So my two boys were handing me beers the whole game, and then McCrimmon tried to get me to go out there in the last minute
to kill a penalty.
I said, not a chance.
So, you know, it was just stuff like that that was so unnecessary.
Anybody boards me, I'm going to piss all over myself.
Right.
One of those.
And the best thing, not the best thing, but we were up 7-3 at the time,
and McCrimmon didn't want nothing to do with it.
I didn't know, you know, what was going on until about, you know,
seven minutes, eight minutes into the period,
and Beast just came down to me and said, look, he told me not to play you.
And I'm like, okay, you know, I'm not holding him responsible.
But I knew, you know, stuff like that.
I knew, you know, where it was coming from, obviously.
And it's just like you said, it's just stupid things like that.
And now it's, you know's obviously coming back to Hotham
and we'll see if someone's crazy enough
to hire him again.
Do you think it goes back to that first comment
of you not remembering playing against him?
No, no.
He had it out for me from the beginning.
Regardless of that,
I could tell just the way his mannerisms towards me
and practices and stuff.
Again, he tried to get me to react.
But like I said, I did everything he told me.
We didn't have, it wasn't like we had a bad relationship.
You know, we were cordial to each other all the time because, like I said,
that's how I was raised as a kid, you know, just whatever your boss says you do.
But, again, he had it out for me right from the get-go,
regardless of that meeting.
Well, I mean, I would imagine you probably saw some other nasty stuff.
Like, who's one of the guys that he just picked on the worst?
And have you ever seen anyone, you know,
get in a pretty tough place mentally because of it?
Yeah, I figured that would be an easy one.
It would be Johan Fransen.
What he did to him at the end, you know, he was hurt at the time.
I think it was a playoff.
We lost to Nashville.
We got upset with Nashville.
And some of the things he said to him on the bench,
I don't know what he said to him behind closed doors one-on-one,
but he blatantly, you know,
verbally assaulted him during the game on the bench.
And it got to the point where poor Johan, you know,
no one really knowing that he was suffering with the concussion thing and and the depression thing uh he just
broke down and had nervous breakdown not only on the bench but after the game in one of the rooms
in nashville so that was probably the worst thing i've ever seen what what are the vets going and
say like do they go fuck you babcock because i know i mean a guy like lidstrom i'm sure he's you
know fairly non-controversial
and doesn't want to ruffle feathers.
And he's also got to worry about his job.
But did a leadership group step up at that point?
Not really.
No.
Guys talked, obviously, amongst each other.
But when something did happen and there was some second-guessing
and it got to Kenny Holland,
Kenny Holland came down to the room and had this speech
and supported Mike Babcock.
It was a great speech, but that, you know, to tell everybody in the room, you know, if
you don't like it, you could be traded, come up and see me be traded.
So that was kind of the way that ended.
But yeah, Nick Lindstrom wasn't going to do that.
That wasn't his demeanor.
Izy, you know, we won that year.
You know, I think Izy played a year for him, maybe two.
And it never got to that point there yet where he had really, you know,
started to be that person that he turned into, Babcock, with the wings.
So, again, it was just a really  the guys were so respectful,
Datsuk, Zetterberg, you know.
And, again, like so many others,
they just shut their mouth and did what they were told.
Well, it's crazy, too, to think that people bring up the, you know,
the Olympic golds and the cup in 08.
Well, you could have put a giraffe behind the bench
and that team would have won the Stanley Cup, right?
I mean, the fact you were able to win it with a guy people hated playing for
that much shows how talented the team was.
Yeah, absolutely. I've said that before, before and you know canada's got the horses they've been done
and who talks about pat quinn being a great coach but try winning that like he did in salt lake they
weren't playing well up to the you know medal rounds but look at pat quinn and what that team
accomplished in salt lake you know we i i wouldn't say we're the favorite CS team,
but we were on a roll and we were playing amazing.
And, you know, look what they did to us in that gold medal game.
It was the greatest tournament I've ever been involved with
with the greatest players.
And, again, back to your point, you know, a lot of guys could, you know,
Steve Iserman, Kay Hobb, put Babcock in that position to succeed,
obviously like any other coach would have.
Back to that 08 season, Shelley.
You played 69 games that season, nice.
Then you played 14 more in the playoffs,
including five of six in the Western Conference Finals.
But then the Cup comes around,
and he health bombs you for the whole Stanley Cup Final.
Did he ever give you an explanation how pissed off were you?
How did that whole situation play out?
You know, at that point, I'll never forget it.
We just beat Dallas in the semis.
I don't know if we swept them, but we hadn't had a penalty killing.
We hadn't had a goal scored against us throughout the series.
And I was shaving after the game, and he just walked in and said you're done that's the
last game you're playing I didn't even get a chance to reply and that was how it went so I'm
thinking okay maybe a game you know we'll see how it goes and you know the team start we won and
you can't second guess it but yeah he just caught me off guard like no other and at that point being
that I'm not going to start me obviously i never did
before either i just wanted to win the cup you know i was still a big part of the team uh yeah
your ego it turned a little bit i didn't have an ego but my feelings i guess if i had any uh it was
i was in shock but you know we won it and i didn't care that's all i really wanted i was able to
celebrate with the guys and you the city. It was amazing
at that point in my career to win another cup.
Did you feel that you should have been in the lineup
then?
I didn't disrespect any of the guys that were in the
lineup. And then the following
year, I got yanked too, and we
lost. So obviously, you always feel like you
could help the team when you win. Had we not
won that year,
maybe I would say something. I don't know if I would have or not won that year, you know, I probably, maybe I would say something.
I don't know if I would have or not, but, again,
the year we did lose, like I said, I don't want to, you know,
say there's a guy that's in the lineup that shouldn't have been,
but I really feel that I should have, I could have helped
and, you know, not getting the opportunity.
That was, you know, that hurt a little bit, but, again, that's life.
Big, huge thanks to our pal Chris Gelaleosa jumping on with us, man.
He was, he came as advertised, I'll say that.
He's a funny bastard and he was very candid in his answers.
So we appreciate that.
And Dara, last but not least, I think it's only fitting that we end the podcast
with the biggest announcement we made of 2019,
which was Ryan announcing Pink Whitney
and that we are launching our own vodka.
So without further ado, here's the Wit Dogg
talking about the launch of the Pink Whitney.
Crazy announcement, Grinnelly.
It's so true what you just said.
The fact this is our biggest episode.
You want to know why and you want to know how I'm so sure of this i actually have butterflies right now never before have i been with you fucking three
mutants and been that like excited to speak and that excited to talk about something but you guys
can see what's behind me right now and it's two giant fucking bottles of pink whitney boys and
this went down let me go into the story a little bit for people
who can't stand my voice fast forward, but I think you're going to enjoy what we're about to tell you.
I'm the luckiest person in the world. I've said it numerous, numerous times had this idea. Maybe
I'll do a podcast. Hey, biz, you want to do it? I'm still playing. RA gets in touch. Boom. We
form it. People like it. So lucky. Fucking literally lightning in a bottle. When will you win the lottery?
Is lightning in a bottle the saying?
Yep.
Yes, it is.
Okay, nice.
Sure, it is now.
I was pretty sure I messed that one up for a second.
Then Biz ends up hopping on board.
Grinnelli hops on board in the meantime.
It just keeps growing and growing.
So what happens?
We have these rabid fans of the coolest people in the world.
People that come up and meet me and say, thanks for what you do.
I always tell you why you're thanking me. Thank you.
Well, I got a biggest thank you ever for all you guys,
because we brought up when new Amsterdam came into our lives,
we were the luckiest son of a bitches out there to get new Amsterdam,
become our presenting sponsor.
We formed great relationships with these guys and they said,
why don't we talk about um what your
favorite vodka drink is right when we start you know it'll be an organic conversation what did i
say guys and by the way it doesn't matter what you fucking guys said that doesn't matter because
what we're about to say is i said pink lemonade and vodka what happened you rabid lunatic fans
started buying it and realizing how smart Uncle Witty is.
It's the best drink in the world.
I got people coming up to me.
I invented that drink.
No, you didn't.
I got my brother-in-law, Steve,
and I do it.
I drank that before.
Steve, you're eight years younger than me.
I've been drinking it since you were in diapers.
This is my drink.
People say, oh my God,
you actually think you made up pink lemonade?
Yeah, I did.
You know why? It's called the pink whitney now it's in giant bottles guys we fucking did it september 1st in
the united states you go into a liquor store you're gonna see a giant pink bottle that says
pink whitney sir ryan whitney pink mr whitney and then there's a barstool logo the spitting
chiclets logo and then there's the whole goddamnool logo, the Spittin' Chicklets logo.
And then there's the whole goddamn story on the back of the fucking bottle
that's right behind me right now talking about how the Spittin' Chicklets grew.
The Spittin' Chicklets grew.
Who are we, boys?
We have a drink now?
It's just been the most incredible ride.
And to let people know that this has actually come true.
And also, we appreciate our listeners out there.
This is,
I think almost four years now,
me and the with dogs thought of this and it's just gotten bigger and bigger
every year.
Thanks to Grinnelly coming in.
And then of course,
biz coming in this thing's grown beyond our control and we love it.
So another huge year with chicklets.
We thank you guys so much guys and gals.
Thank you very much for a great year.
And it's going to be even bigger and better in 2020.
And we'll be kicking off the year in Dallas this year.
Mikey, we got a live show coming up too, right?
Yeah, we do.
A live show at The Rustic in Dallas, Texas on December 31st.
It starts at 4 p.m.
Just show up at the door.
Try to get there early.
There's a ton of space.
There's a ton of seats, so get there early.
4 p.m. it starts. We'll be giving away tickets to the Winter Classic, merch, and a ton of space. There's a ton of seats. So get there early. 4 p.m. in Star Wars.
We'll be giving away tickets to the Winter Classic, merch, and a ton of more other shit.
So it's going to be a blast.
Come hang out with us and drink some Pink Whitney.
Sounds good, buddy.
I'll see you down in Dallas, and we'll catch you folks next episode on Monday.
We'll be back with a fresh new episode for everybody.
Have a great happy new year. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
