Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 233 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
What's going on, gentlemen?
Let's say hi to the boys today.
We'll start, as always, with our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's going on, G?
What's up, boys?
I know the listeners can't see, but I'm currently sporting our new NBD winter hats that are coming out soon.
So haven't got a compliment from you guys yet.
I was kind of disappointed about that, but they're dropping soon,
so keep an eye out for them.
I noticed it.
I don't know why I didn't ask where your hat's from, but I did notice it.
So that's a good thing.
You're a big toque guy.
I'm a huge toque guy.
I love wearing a toque.
I just was skiing, and I was crushing the toque the whole time. I didn't even get a helmet because I just wanted my toque guy i'm a huge toque guy i love wearing a toque i just was skiing and it was just i was
crushing the toque the whole time i didn't even get a helmet because i just wanted my toque to
be shown what do you guys call them in the states you call you call them hats or do you call them
toques i think hats i think winter hats i think toques i learned from hockey yeah i've always
called them winter hats yeah i never called the toque that was uh next fell on the crew ryan
whitney the width you just came back from skiing up in Vermont.
How are the conditions, brother?
Actually, great.
I went up there on Friday, and it was just some powder, some fresh pow.
I was ripping it up.
Listen, it was probably my 10th time skiing in my life,
but by the end of that first day, I'm buzzing down black.
Well, I shouldn't say black diamonds.
I shouldn't say black diamonds.
I'm buzzing down black. Well, I shouldn't say black diamonds. I'm buzzing down blue circles.
I mean, and I get some speed going, but you get exhausted from it.
Oh, my God.
You can't do anything at night.
A great night's sleep after a full day of skiing.
But it was a blast.
Tons of a bunch of people recognize the width.
This is a little intimidating up on a mountain.
Now, granted, I did say I had an
enormous Chicklets winter hat on, so I'm probably giving myself away a little bit. But I chatted up
with some great people, and I said, next year I go skiing. I'm good since retirement, one trip a
year. Maybe we'll go on another one. I'm going to bring a backpack. I'm going to be backpack guy on
the slopes, and then if somebody notices me, I'll wear another Chicklets hat. I'll be able to unzip
the backpack, chuck them some merch, so it'll just be like my good deed of the skiing season.
How are you doing, Biz?
Oh, you're going to throw it over to me?
Yeah, I just said I was like
You're going to mow the mower.
R.A., you throw it over to me.
I don't get comfortable unless R.A. throws it to me.
Wit.
Oh, shocker.
Mental midget.
Last but not least, the man in the crew, nasty paul bissonette what's going on the
celebrity well i thought i thought maybe i'd get a a little bit of a mention of team canada taking
home another world junior gold in that little intro there i do have notes yeah congratulations
as a canadian yes i did have it further down the notes but canada just won the world juniors once
again i believe it was the 18th in its history so how you feeling is all of canada gloating and Congratulations as a Canadian. Yes, I did have it further down in the notes, but Canada just won the World Juniors once again.
I believe it was the 18th in its history.
So how are you feeling?
Is all of Canada gloating and celebrating right now?
Well, I guess let's start off by, you know, you go on Twitter
and you kind of listen who the frontrunners are to win the gold medal.
And, I mean, from what I was reading before the tournament,
Canada was kind of getting written off.
And all of a sudden they get my boy Barrett Hayton.
And I tell you what, he fucking ripped that tournament up.
He played today.
And I know they had that stuff early on in the tournament.
We discussed it. Let's move on.
He ends up, grade one separation of his shoulder is what I'm hearing.
That's what I read.
I didn't do any digging in the Coyote side of things.
That's what I read online.
Sorry to interrupt quickly.
Is grade one worse than grade three? If I to be 150 i won't know no no grade one is is like you know it's it doesn't feel
normal grade three is basically you're out for six probably six weeks just wondering yeah uh but uh
you know didn't have that strength that he normally has but he ends up playing he was a game time
decision scores the tying goal,
I think with eight and change left in the third period.
They were down 3-1 in that third.
Now, not to take away from the Canadian victory,
and is it Akil Thomas who ended up getting the winner
shortly thereafter at the end of the third?
There's a little bit of discrepancy in their win.
Apparently, there should have been a delay of game penalty
when Canada cleared the zone with the puck. It hit one of the TSN cameras. That way, they couldn't
say whether or not it was going to go directly out of play, which we all know the angle, and it
should have been a two-minute penalty. So, Canada gets a massive bounce in that game, and you hate
for it to take away from the gold,
but I can't be a hypocrite and not mention that.
What a game.
What a Sunday afternoon to watch this game on the couch.
Congrats, Canada.
You guys did it.
You deserved it.
Great win.
Gold medal.
Champions.
Champions of the world.
Barrett Hayton, what a story.
From zero to hero, from the bum to the champion,
from the guy who everyone couldn't stand to the guy everyone wants to be,
what a run he went on.
And that game, they said right at the end of the game,
I don't know if it was Gordon Miller, James Duthie,
or Ray Chicken Parm Ferraro, they said that's one of the gutsiest,
most legendary performances by a Canadian in world junior history.
You imagine the lineup of names they've had
and what guys have done in that tournament to win gold medal
for a hockey-mad nation in Canada.
This guy's now up at the top.
Now, recency bias is legit, but to play injured,
to tie that game up and lead the team,
just willing them to win via you getting on the ice through injury, by scoring an enormous goal, by hitting guys,
being physical, even with the bum shoulder, the banged-up wing he had.
Just incredible to watch.
So you've got to think the future is so bright for him because he,
like I said, he bounced back from looking like a complete idiot
early in the tournament to being the number one hero for Team Canada.
Yeah, and R.A., before you jump in here, like you said, that happens.
What happens if they don't have a great tournament and they end up losing out in the quarters or semifinals?
And, you know, they take home a bronze.
He would essentially have been remembered for that incident.
Now he has to buck up and end up, you know, doing what he did in order to allow people to forget about that.
Now, of course, there's going to be people who always remember it and are going to hang on to that
and especially try to drag him through the mud forever.
He's going to say, suck it.
I got my gold medal hanging around my neck still, buddy.
Beat it.
I love it.
And how about all these people messaging me?
I guess the Russian coach just had an awful snout,
looked like a piece of chewed-up caramel.
And I keep getting these tweets like, oh, Biz,
do you lend the coach your nose?
Do you lend the coach your nose?
I was like, fuck off.
All right?
So I had to address it.
I said, no, I did not lend my snout to the Russian coach.
Can we please move on?
Yeah, he had some serious beakage going on.
You weren't anywhere near his category, Biz.
And the dude who scored at Kiel Thomas, that was his only goal of the tournament, man.
Talk about making the most of it.
But we had some  anything else you wanted to add on that?
Sorry.
Very interesting guy, that Akeel Thomas.
Very interesting kid.
He's got his own clothing line.
He started when he was
Really?
That kid, keep an eye on that kid because I think outside of the hockey world,
he'll do a lot of big things. Drafted by the los angeles kings i'm going to reach out and try to
get him on i think he's from scarborough ontario so uh interesting kid congratulations to all those
boys and uh you know looking forward to getting hayden back for this cup run for the coyotes um
for for to kind of wrap up world junior stuff and a couple other thoughts i had one that neil's
hoglander that vancouver pick we've seen a couple moves in the lacrosse style goal he had maybe the best one of
this of this year in pro hockey um in sweden a vancouver pick and then he was leading the
tournament scoring it five goals five assists he gets suspended in the semi-final that sweden
ended up losing five four to russian an awesome game uh but still i mean like what a prospect for
the Canucks
to have this guy coming over.
He was electric.
And I just think that that tournament is so fun to watch
because you really remember these guys pretty vividly
when they're in the NHL.
Because it comes soon.
It'll be just the next year or two, and a lot of these guys will be up.
And you'll see them, and you just think back to world juniors
and seeing them get to represent their country.
I remember the chance I got no better feeling. i love that tournament i always will and like i said congrats
to team canada uh briefly on the swedes they had five first round defensemen on that team we
mentioned the 52 and 0 record in the round robin play um and that's the stretch they went on
all right i sent you the stat in that time though, where they have gone undefeated in the round,
Robin, 52-0, only
one gold medal to show for it.
Yeah, it reminded me of the Atlanta Braves back in the
90s when they used to win division after division
and went to a few World Series, and they only came
away with one title that whole time. That's what it
reminded me of. I'm not sure if you were a big baseball
guy back in the day, Biz. Yeah,
was that when they had Greg Maddox?
Yeah, Greg Maddox, Chippa Jones that day.
They were stacked, but like they were.
Tom Glav and John Smoltz.
So I don't follow baseball much, but for whatever reason,
I was always dialed into Maddox.
Because he was a professor.
Yeah, the professor.
The guy that just like, I think he threw like 89 miles an hour fastball
just perfectly right on the corner every time with some movement.
He just out-thunk hitters.
Ari, I got to ask you, since we're on the other sports subject,
Patriots end up losing that game to the Titans.
A lot of people are being, my favorite word, hyperbolic
about the fact that this might have been Brady's last game.
Is the dynasty over?
How are you guys feeling about it?
And I guess while i'm
at it the football games have been fucking incredible um as far as the pats i mean people
it's texting the dynasty's done when they lost to miami last week uh you know there's it's just a
lot of rumor and conjecture right now there's been nothing there's news where the actual news that
said brady may or may not come back i know he said we'll see what happens I mean you know Belichick is known for being cutthroat he doesn't give a fuck who you
are but I don't think he has somebody lined up after Brady right now who's better than Brady
if I was a betting man I would say that he will be back with the Patriots next year
I don't think he wants to go out like that as well I hope so I hope they get another run. But, I mean, if it was the end, Jesus, what a run it was.
Just like, I feel like as a fan, I mean, you got to be so thankful
you got to witness any of that.
So when it does end, so we told those Red Wings fans a couple weeks back,
just chatting about their team, like, you got to stick with the bad times
if that's what's ahead because you'll always remember that run and that dynasty.
So I just, I mean, like, I love the Pats.
I hope he's back.
I hope he gets another shot.
But if it is the end, I mean, I just appreciate that guy, the GOAT.
Yeah, but you know teams like Detroit,
those organizations just have an aura about them.
They're probably going to get first overall pick
and get that stud, Lafernier.
Lafernier.
Lafernier. And thenier? Lafernier?
Lafernier.
There's so many fans that are young, they don't even know what it's like
to have the Pats even stink a little bit.
Guys my age, the Pats suck for a long, long, long time.
We pay that dude, so you're going to have a bunch of people
who are going to experience shitty Patriots teams at some point
in the next few years.
Yeah.
All right, well, I'm sorry for your guys' loss.
I always like to see the Dynasties win because I like to hear the people
bitch online.
But, oh, man, it was like a celebration yesterday for all those Pats haters.
Oh, it's hilarious.
You don't have to give us condolences, buddy.
It's only a football game.
But I do appreciate you saying that.
You're like, don't worry, the Bees will win it.
Hey, now.
Hey, let's get to some hockey news.
And now we've got a couple of dallas updates for
you first off i intentionally left out the biggest thank you of them all last week and that was for
the handful of texas angels who delivered flowers to the spit and chiclets crew i know texas has
the death penalty if you have like a fucking grandma on you down there uh i sent out the
bad signal because the boys you know we need our medicine when we fly sometimes for creative
purposes sometimes sleeping purposes.
I throw the bad signal, and lo and behold, I had about 15 replies.
People really took good care of us.
At the live show, a gentleman from Colorado hooked me up
with this very pen right here that's still been taking care of me a few days later.
So I just want to say we want to say thanks to everybody who sent flowers our way.
They did not go to waste, and they were most appreciated.
By the time every fan had given you the weed that they brought you,
you probably were the largest holder of cannabis in the state of Texas. Seriously, I was probably trafficking, by the way.
Yeah.
And we left.
That was a felony.
You were walking around with duffel bags of that shit.
But, no, it comes in handy.
We need our medicine, right, Biz?
It's unfortunate we can't just take it like fucking cigarettes but anyways uh we did have an update on recently fired dallas stars
head coach jim montgomery uh he released a statement on friday in which he said he is
seeking treatment for alcohol abuse and that his firing was quote the appropriate call um you know
i don't think he was fighting for coming home and having too many martinis and passing out on the
couch i think it's safe to assume it was the decisions he made while intoxicated. But, you know, we got to give the
guy credit. He recognized he's like he said, he was living a damaging lifestyle. This was his
wake up call, I guess, a moment of clarity, you might call it. And he's trying to make
take these steps in life to be a better man. So we can commend them for that. And hopefully he
can fix himself. He's clearly a great coach. So we can commend him for that. And hopefully he can fix himself.
He's clearly a great coach.
And, you know, everybody has personal problems.
I do.
You guys do.
We all do.
And unfortunately, his became a public light.
It's another public light.
So hopefully things are better for Jim Monk.
I'm going to head biz.
What did you want to add to this?
Well, hey, everyone loves a comeback story.
As you said, he's a great coach.
He's got, you you know a long process of
getting better ahead i wish him nothing but the best i guess the last thing i'll say about it on
the organizational standpoint is i i was reading a bit a lot of people were like oh like like what
the players get to get sent to rehab and like you just fire the coach and throw him under the bus
listen guys there's some things that you don't know.
Just listen.
He's going to go get help.
He's going to come back and hopefully coach again.
This is  the organization is not to be blamed for any of this, okay?
So I'm just telling the people who maybe have that opinion,
back off a little bit.
Yeah, well said. I think that I'd never be one to say what rock bottom is for someone else,
but you've got to imagine that's kind of close where he's gone
and what happened to him in Dallas.
But like you said, the ability for him to coach and win wherever he's been,
I think he will get another chance.
And that's hopefully if things go good and getting better
and feeling better about himself.
So like you said, Biz, best wishes to him.
And I think we'll see him hopefully as a coach again.
Maybe it's in the AHL, maybe it's not in the nhl right away but i think he'll definitely have no
problem at some point um things go well getting another job and i guess like on the overall on
a life aspect is you know this guy had his dream job and you know because of those things it sucked
him away so i mean sometimes you know people say like oh he's got all this
money all this and it's just like no it's just like it's it's a disease man and and we definitely
hope that this guy gets better from it and comes back even stronger and and as i said i mean we
love comeback stories absolutely and the only people i would say really owes an apology to if
he does is just his family you know he doesn't know all the fans or whatever he had some personal
foibles and he's dealing with them and And one other note, too, I read
the newspaper article, the Dallas
Morning News, and they wrote a piece like
oh, according to sources, he's been
going to Alcoholics Anonymous for like the last
month. It's like, hey, you know what? That's not
a newspaper's job to report. It's called Alcoholics
Anonymous for a fucking reason.
If you're in the program, it's supposed to be
anonymous. You're not supposed to tell people.
So if a source shares that with the newspaper, they're assholes for doing it but and i
don't remember the reporter's name but he it's not something you report it's just something that
i don't i don't like it i think it's again i have a lot of family members and friends who are in the
program and that's the whole basis of the program is the anonymity so maybe don't put his fucking
name in the papers as have having attended aa.A., I was talking to a buddy recently who went through that process
and got help and is better now, and it's awesome to see.
And he was saying he couldn't believe the people that were in the room with him,
not knowing that these people are on top of the world,
but they battle through this thing on a daily basis.
And some of them have to show up to these meetings multiple times a week
in order to prevent themselves from falling back into that hole.
He said some of these people he was seeing in the room,
you know, A-list celebrities,
and have been sober for over 20 years because of these meetings.
So, yeah, that's their personal shit.
Like, leave them the fuck alone.
Yeah, that was kind of a shitbag move there.
But also, Biz, we had a little more residual with the classic news.
Corey Perry ended up getting five games for Elbow and Nashville's Ryan Ellis.
And you called it, buddy.
You said five games, and that's exactly what he got.
I guess it seems appropriate, huh?
Yeah, I just think because it was on the national stage,
and this is something that the league's trying to crack down on,
it didn't help him out and do him any favors.
So I thought five was fair.
I don't know how long Ellis is going to be out.
Is he back in the lineup?
I know they've played since, right?
Yeah, he's on the IR.
Oh, no.
He's on the IR.
So I think that in looking at the five games, Biz, congrats.
You were right.
Great call.
We talked right away that it's the guy's injured.
You always say, what would that hit have been suspension-wise
if the guy was still injured?
Well, this time you actually have that being the case with Ellis Holt
in a time when Nashville, man, they won Saturday night,
but wow, things aren't looking good.
Even Peck, I ran, I said to a reporter, things are not good right now.
But Corey Perry, third suspension of his career.
We talked about him always playing on the edge.
His first actually since 2013, but that was just a dumb play,
dumb decision.
I'm sure he would want a redo on that one because to get the,
like we talked about, the walk of shame,
the greatest walk of shame in hockey history.
We'll remember that one for a while, and the stars are going to miss it.
I mean, the stars have something going, especially that game when he was out those four goals in eight minutes we talked about that
so i just think that perry uh sometimes has the marchand in them right they cannot help themselves
hey how about his game used jerseys being sold online from glitter classic
if i'm a fan like that tells a story i'm much rather jumping on that one than i am
like half the other
ones right i mean not to boot it's cory perry i mean he's had a pretty decent career if you're
in the stanley cups and gold medals and shit and and goal scoring uh titles not to mention how many
may mays had kicked off online maybe oh people were loving the may mays may and well and uh it's
one other note to the tv ratings, they weren't good nationally,
but in Dallas and in Nashville,
they were through the roof.
But there was one city they couldn't beat out.
What was the number one city?
Buffalo.
Classic.
God bless them.
The fucking great city of Buffalo.
Number one in the ratings.
And here's actually,
I thought was interesting.
The other cities after Buffalo and Nashville,
Dallas,
Fort Worth,
St.
Louis,
Vegas,
Providence,
New Bedford, Greenville, Spartanburg, which is North Carolina,
Oklahoma City, Richmond, Norfolk.
Only two of those U.S. markets were in the north.
Everything else was south or west, which, I don't know,
it's pretty good for the future of the league.
I mean, I know we talk about Buffalo and how crazy their sports fans are.
I was talking to Colin Miller the other day.
I won a Calder Cup with him when I was playing with the Manchester Monarchs.
Not a big deal. You ever won
one of those, Whit? Have you ever won anything?
No, I went to the finals. I won the Quebec Peewee
World Championship 1997.
I'll bring my ring
to the pawn hawking tournament, the second one
over there. You can look at that one and my
under-18 ring from Team Canada when we
won the World Championships
in Yaroslav, Russia.
Anyway, back to Colin Miller.
I was talking to him, and he said, fuck, man, these sports fans are nuts.
Bills are popping off.
They had an afternoon game on Saturday.
They were going to go out to a bar and watch it.
Just a heartbreaking defeat for the Buffalo Bills fans.
They had so many opportunities to win that game.
They could have just punched one in the fucking red zone.
But he was saying, you know, he loves it there.
The people are incredible.
So it was just great to hear, like, a guy's perspective where you're
you know, I would consider it a small market,
but just how in love they are with their team.
And now that the Bills are done, I'd imagine they get more fans coming out,
and they're just on the cusp of playoffs right now, aren't they?
Well, we'll go to Buffalo.
Just naturally there, the way you went to them, it's a scary time, man.
They got Olofsson's now out five to six weeks.
Jeff Skinner's out three to four weeks.
It's just been  they're battling injuries. Same with last year.
But they are not right now in the playoffs.
They are just outside the wild card by four points right now.
Yeah.
Listen to this.
This is what I'm thinking.
I'm thinking a mirror image of the Taylor Hall season
when he won the heart for Jack Eichel,
keeping them afloat until those guys are able to get healthy,
and I think they can squeak in.
I think if they  especially now that football is over, they're going to get more fan support. They're going to get healthy, and I think they can squeak in. I think if they  especially now that football's over,
they're going to get more fan support.
They're going to get that mojo going.
I think Iko's at the level right now of what Hall was that year
where he can keep them afloat to get them in.
He has been just absolutely stellar.
Did you guys see that penalty shot in overtime the other night?
Yeah.
To end it against the Oilers.
Just a quick flick of the wrist.
A flick of the wrist. The weird thing, too just a quick flick of the wrist. A flick of the wrist.
The weird thing, too, with that flick of the wrist.
Flick of the wrist.
He's been fucking tugging on his hammer in Buffalo.
There's no skunks to crush, so he's got the fucking strongest wrist in the league, fucking Popeye over there.
You want to take that back?
Skinner, by the way, he was on pace for like 20 goals after last year
where he earned that huge ticket by scoring 40.
So, I mean, you know, even the season he was having prior
was a little disappointing after what you signed
and what you saw the year before.
Yeah, Eichel, 55 points in 42 games, 26 goals, 29 assists.
He is having a monster season.
So I'd like to see him get in as well.
Taking a look, actually, Corey
Perry wasn't the only suspension that the NHL
doled out since our last episode as L.A.'s
Curtis McDermott got two games
for an illegal check to the head of Philly's
Ivan Provorov. Looked like he was going
for a hip check along the boards. I wouldn't say it was
intentional, but needless to say,
the video cited the main point of
contact, not the first point, but the main point
was the head, and that was the basis for the suspension.
Whit, did you get a look at that one?
Yeah, I thought they got it right.
It's pretty simple in seeing the replay that that was the correct decision.
Do you agree with me or not, Biz?
I didn't even see the head.
I saw when he got pushed off the bench by somebody the other day,
and he turned around, and the linesman grabbed him.
McDermott looked like he wanted to murder the entire bench.
That guy is a psychopath.
Yeah, he looks just terrifying at times.
Yeah, I mean, when you're trying to get rid of hits to the head,
that's the only way to really deter him.
Even, like I said, it wasn't intentional.
It certainly didn't look like he was trying to, but if they gave him a game,
I would have been okay if they'd only give him a game as well.
But, boys, the Stars might have stolen a win on New Year's day in the third period, but you don't want suckers stealing stuff from your own home. That's why you want to
check out SimpliSafe. SimpliSafe home security is like getting commercial grade enterprise level
security, but for your own home. Think about the security fortune 500 companies used. They need to
know police are going to be there on the scene immediately. This is exactly the kind of security you get with SimpliSafe. If there's a
break-in, SimpliSafe uses real video evidence to give police an eyewitness account of the crime,
and that means police dispatch up to 350 faster than for a normal burglar alarm. With SimpliSafe,
you get comprehensive protection for your home. Outdoor cameras and doorbells alert you to anyone approaching your home.
Entry, motion, and glass break sensors guide inside.
Plus, Simply Safe protects your home from fires, water damage, and carbon monoxide poisoning.
It's all monitored 24-7 by live security professionals.
You can set up the system yourself with no tools needed,
or Simply Safe's experts can do it for you.
And it's only 50 cents a day with no contracts.
Simply go to simplisafe.com slash checklists today to get free shipping on your order,
plus a 60-day money-back guarantee.
That's SimpliSafe.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E dot com slash checklists to save on home security today.
SimpliSafe.com slash checklets to save on home security today. SimplySafe.com slash checklets.
All right, boys, our new sponsor.
Hopefully our listeners will check them out.
We already talked about the World Juniors.
We just did mention the Sabres a couple minutes ago.
They made a couple moves while we were gone.
With the currently four points out we just mentioned,
first off, they sent defenseman Marco Scandella to Montreal for a fourth rounder in 2020. They then sent that fourth rounder to Calgary for forward Michael Froelich.
He's got 10 points in 38 games so far this season. He did waive his no trade clause to go to Buffalo.
So in effect, Buffalo traded Scandella for Froelich. Scandella makes 4 million. He'll be
UFA this summer. He had 9 points in 31 games with the Sabres this year.
There's been speculation all season long about Buffalo dealing with defensemen.
They finally got around to it.
Whitney, what's your take on this one?
Well, actually, before you throw over to Witt, R.A., and Witt, I'll ask you
because I never played defense at the National Hockey League level.
They had 8D up until now with Scandella.
And they have some pretty competent guys.
There aren't any plugs in the
8. Whereas to keep
everyone in game shape and playing,
it kind of takes some guys out of rhythm
because you're spreading out the games.
Guys, you've got to be playing every
game and getting your reps in order to get in
the real comfort zone you need to play.
Am I wrong here?
Yeah, and it's so hard.
Even on nights when teams play seven D-Biz,
you remember when you played D,
you can't get into the groove.
You need to get into a groove.
And so when there's eight guys and there's always shuffling between every
other game.
And actually,
I don't know if that's been the case,
if they've always been switching up their six or their seven,
but it's just tough because you never end up getting a partnership with
another guy where going into every game,
bearing everyone being healthy, you got your top pair,
your second pair, and your third pair.
A lot of good teams go on runs where that is the case.
And it's just difficult.
So Scandella will get a chance somewhere else.
And Olofsson being out, that really sucks for Buffalo
because you look at a guy who was like sneakily in probably top three for the Calder Trophy voting if it was now.
I could be wrong, but I believe earlier in the season,
Babcock dressed 7D and 11 forwards,
and I want to say it was even healthy scratching Spezza while doing it.
I may be wrong here.
It was somebody did it, but as a head coach, man, I know if I was one,
I would never in a million years play 7D.
The only situation would be if you have a very good defenseman
who wants to try it out and play through injury,
and you're not sure where that guy might have to step in,
and now you have 6D because that guy's going to leave the game.
And I would want a guy who's able to also have experience at forward.
So I was going to say a guy, the other instance,
if a guy's just running your power play and solely only playing power play,
which you've seen happen.
I've seen happen, but how many times are teams successful with that?
That's the point I'm making.
Did Marc-Andre Bergeron do that at one point for the Oilers
and just come in and take 110 mile an hour one-timers?
I'm pretty sure he did that somewhere.
Maybe it was Tampa.
But still, I know.
Listen, I hate seven.
I'm just trying to think of ways.
The injury one is obviously completely valid, but it sucks.
You never want to go seven.
When I was in the American League, I had to take reps sometimes on D
if there was a guy who was playing who was a little banged up. If we got up by a certain amount, Stutsy would come to me before the game and say,
hey, you're going to be taking some reps on D tonight. And that's why I said, if you are going
to go 7D, you need a guy who's able to jump up and help out because there's so much skating now
and the game is so fast that you have to maintain that high-end pace throughout an entire 60 minutes.
And, oh, God, people are going to slaughter me for this.
But teams who have depth like the Coyotes, that's why they're successful
because they're able to maintain that pace all game long.
So if you don't have depth and you rely on your top six,
you have to have an extremely elite top six in order to play 82 games, get yourselves in the playoffs,
and then have enough energy to keep pulling the weight through that.
So it's all about having a balanced lineup.
And, I mean, we saw a team like Philly the other night where, you know,
their bottom six is a little thin.
And, of course, losing  is it Oscar Lindbaum?
Is that how I say it?
Which is terrible. And that was such a tough loss for them.
On the hockey side of it, obviously, it's life,
and it's far bigger than that,
but he was their leading point getter at that point.
So not only did they lose a big guy in the top six,
they just  I don't think  I'm going to kind of retract
on my earlier predictions that they were going to make playoffs.
They're just so thin in in on the and on leans lines three and four that it's it's just like so
much strain on the top six I saw the coyotes put up six two beating on them was wondering when you'd
bring that up I just did I couldn't even last half how many people how many people were at that game
last night I I well we had it listed as a sellout.
I would say no fewer than 16-5.
It was a great atmosphere.
Football's done now, and this is the winningest team in the Valley,
so people are starting to come in droves because they're like,
holy shit, these guys are fun to watch.
I mean, we got guys on.
Connor Garland's making 750.
He's got, what, 14, 15 tucks?
We got a fucking solid roster.
So sorry to all you people who have to listen to me blither on
about fucking the Coyotes, but I love them.
Keep on blithering.
Oh, okay, one other quick note.
I tweeted the link out today.
So very cool news, and I know you're a golf wit,
so you're going to appreciate this.
So the Waste Management Tournament  I had to keep this a secret for a month.
The Waste Management Open has a pro-am on the Wednesday,
and Shane Doan's been begging to play in it for years and years.
They've never had an NHL guy.
Not even Wayne Gretzky played in it.
Well, the chairman, Tim Woods, reached out to the Coyotes and said,
hey, we're going to invite Shane this year, but we want to do it in a funny way.
So we did this little spoof video where I went to the 16th hole
and they recorded it as if I was going to get asked to play.
And I was just like rubbing my hands together, so excited.
And all of a sudden he goes,
we're going to ask you, Paul Bissonnette, to caddy for Shane Doan.
And so obviously I was acting pissed.
You guys can watch the video on Coyote's social media or Twitter.
So, but the key to this was, is a month leading up,
Shane Doan's wife also had to keep the secret
where we had a first responders night last night
and Donor wasn't supposed to come to the game.
And they said, hey, one of the first responders wants to meet you,
which of course they did.
Donor drove all the way down the ring just to shake hands with them
during the first intermission.
And while that was happening, they put it on the Jumbotron.
So that's how Shane Donut ended up finding out that he was getting invited.
So the chairman ends up coming out.
We surprise him.
You could see his mind was spinning.
And afterward, he goes, man, the only thing I could think of is I have to start going to take
fucking lessons right now because I'm going to embarrass myself
on National ID because he's got a bit of a banana hook.
And you're on the bag, so that's only going to add to the hoopla around this.
Oh, I told him.
I said, I ain't fucking reading your pots.
I'm going to be pouring people Pink Whitney on the 16th hole
the whole way to the green.
You're going to be blithering away out there
so uh sorry to be to keep talking about the Coyotes but I thought that'd be a fun thing to
mention yeah not a problem I saw it because it's funny very funny oh and last thing fucking Ronta
got lower body injury we're not sure how long it's going to be so now both the Coyotes goalies are
out luckily we have some decent guys in the pipeline,
and Aiden Hill, who came into relief in the third period
against the Philadelphia Flyers on Saturday,
he might have to get the start on this East Coast road swing.
So look out for that.
But he's a stud.
One other quick note, too, on that for league trade from the Calgary side,
that opens up 4.3 million in cap space for them.
So if they're looking to add someone at the deadline,
then they have a little more cash to do so.
Also, too, we've got a couple of guests.
Another episode where we have two guests for you.
First up, we're going to bring up one of the toughest to ever do it, Ty Domi.
Of course, he played for the Rangers, played for the Jets,
had quite a few fights, won most of them.
And also another tough cookie in her own right, our own CEO, Erica Nardini.
Biz and Witt sat down with her when we were down at headquarters
about a month or so and picked her brain for a little bit.
So we'll be bringing both of those folks on.
We went a little bit.
Now, Witt was not there for the Tide Omi interview, unfortunately,
because he had NHL Network that night.
I was pissed I missed that one.
Yeah, so, you know, you always bring a different element,
and it sucks that we couldn't have you, Whit.
It was a great sit-down with him, good getting inside the mind of a guy
who had to do it for that long.
Definitely some surprising answers and did not expect the ones that we got
on certain questions.
One other note, it was funny hearing him break down
that entire scenario with the Philadelphia Flyer fan
that fell into the penalty box.
He gives the entire breakdown.
I didn't know about this.
Some of you hardcore Taitomi fans may know the story.
A lot of you won't.
So very interesting to hear about how that whole debacle
got broken down.
Absolutely.
And he certainly doesn't, when you talk to him,
he doesn't look like a guy or sound like a guy
who's had probably a thousand fights in his life.
He certainly still has his wits about him, no doubt about that.
A couple other notes, too.
Montreal made another deal as well.
They sent defenseman Mike Riley to Ottawa for a fifth rounder in 2021
and forward Andrew Sturtz.
Riley had four assists in 14 games with the Habs,
so he probably won't mind the move.
He'll get a little bit more ice time, probably a lot more ice time in Ottawa.
The 26-year-old Minnesota native has one more year left after this year
at 1.5 mil.
And interestingly, this is the first transaction between Montreal
and Ottawa since June of 2001.
What do you got, Wade?
It's kind of interesting that Mike Riley, he came out of Minnesota, and people were talking about do you got, Wade? It's kind of interesting. That Mike Riley, he came out of Minnesota,
and people were talking about, you know,
you were going to look at a next, like, stud offensive defenseman in the NHL.
He wasn't a high pick.
But, you know, with the Wild, never really kind of got into the lineup enough
to make a difference, to really produce.
I don't know if he battled injuries.
I just think that it was surprising to kind of see where it's gone
because he could skate, he could move, and coming out of college,
I heard so much.
And, you know, you see you get traded a couple times,
and that's when you start realizing you're kind of running out of chances
in a way.
So good luck to him, but it's been a weird start to his career.
Witt, I know nothing about this guy.
You said he went to school at Minnesota and then, and then went to the wild.
Yeah.
And then he,
and then he went to the wild.
I'm pretty sure he signed with him.
He might've been traded cause he wasn't drafted by them.
And then,
and then like,
I mean,
I'm talking about his at Minnesota.
He was over a point per game is last year.
He was going to light it up and never really,
he was drafted by Columbus and then his draft rights expired
in June 2015, which made him an unrestricted free agent,
which is when he signed with the Wild.
We got another note on the Canadians as well.
We mentioned last episode how decimated their forward core has been
through the injuries.
Well, they went out and they signed Ilya Kovalchuk to try to help out.
He signed a one-year, two-way deal that's going to pay him 700K
at the NHL level, 70,000 at the nhl level or 70 000 at the
ahl level i mean he had to sit around for a little bit before someone picked them up what do you
think is going to be effect of this one biz is he going to have any real well back there or what
the main story is who ended up giving him his number what's the guy's name with the rolly
that's right too okay so what what's name? Could someone help me out here?
Yeah, I'm going to dig it up right now.
It's Brett Kulak.
Brett Kulak.
Genius.
Genius move.
He gets ahead of it.
He knows everybody.
He knew what he was doing.
He knew what the fuck he was doing.
All right.
So tip of your cap for your new Rolex.
So before he even gets there, he gives up the number.
That way, number 17 is hanging in a stall when he gets there. Well, what's Kovachuk going to do?
Haven't made a hundred million in his career, not get him a Rolex. All of a sudden he gets
the El Cheapo label. And then all of a sudden Austin Matthews is making fun of him on social
media for being a cheapskate. And you got wit making jokes on the fucking podcast about it. No,
he knows what he's doing so he had
to fucking get him a rollie so what a play by him now it could have been just to just to spite if
i'm kovalchuk just to spite him i get him a women's one say i know what the fuck you're doing
buddy i know what you're doing you want a fucking rolex here's your Rolex. Okay, buddy? Anyway. Is that what you did for me?
No, you just have a small wrist, so we had to get you a female one.
No, but, no, that's, hey, listen.
By the way, the trainer probably went up to him and was like.
You have a small wrist.
It's a nice watch.
Biz, the trainer probably went up to him.
He's like, hey, Kovalchuk's coming, so we're taking your number. Like, the kid probably didn't even have a safe or anything.
Yeah. He's like, okay. Maybe I'll get to the mud. Trainer's like, play this're taking your number. The kid probably didn't even have a safe or anything. Yeah.
He's like, okay, well, maybe I'll get to the mud.
Trainer's like, play this smart, and you'll get something out of this.
I'll make sure.
He's like, we're going to sell it, and we're going to split the money, okay?
He said he would have settled for rock, paper, scissors, too,
and then he ends up getting a Rolex.
Wow.
What do you mean?
He would have played rock, paper, scissors for the number?
Yeah, he said he would have played rock, paper, scissors for the number,
but he ends up getting a free Rolex
out of it. Wow, don't send Witt in there, because
we saw what happened in Dallas when he was rock, paper,
scissoring the fans for tickets.
There is a chance,
and somebody brought up a good point, of maybe
just dropping the whole live show on
YouTube once it's edited properly
and we maybe take out some things that we don't want to deal
with publicly. We all know how
that can go.
But we did a cool thing where we did rock, paper, scissor for fans to win two tickets to the game.
We had four sets of two, and Witt was just talking himself up
about his rock, paper, scissor game,
and he gets embarrassed in front of 500 people.
Who beat me again?
It was the 31-31 guy, the guy that's going to 31 arenas in 31 days.
Yeah, dude, try looking in that guy's soul through his eyes.
He'll fucking beat anyone down.
Dude's going to 31 games in 31 days.
He was possessed.
There was no chance anyone has the mental aptitude to beat some psychopath like him.
That's a pretty cool trip, though, he was telling us about.
All the arenas within 31
days. I think he actually said it was going to be 29
days. He's doing
two in a day.
He stared through my
brain, convinced
me what to throw.
Let's go back to the lecture at hand.
Is Kovalchuk going to do anything for the Canadians here?
No.
God, no.
He might get a couple goals here and there.
I understand the move.
The Canadians have to try anything with injuries and their lack of scoring.
So I totally see what's going on.
Maybe he finds a little fountain of youth in Montreal,
but I don't think you'll see much.
Just doesn't skate like he used to.
Bergevin's like, oh, great, we got these injuries.
Now we're going to play some of these young guys and see what
they really got because Claude Julien doesn't have
a choice.
He's like, can you get me a Ljokovojok?
Really, man?
Really? You want Kovic?
Fine. Fuck it.
Yeah, six points back of a
playoff spot right now, so they'll need a little bit
more help than that. But boys, what do you
say we send it over to Ty Domi right about now?
Sounds good. I was pissed
to miss this one, so looking forward to listening. He actually
didn't want you there, so it was a good thing you didn't show up.
Yeah, because I would have put his mind in a pretzel like
29 arenas in 31 days, guy.
Alright, and with
that, Ty Domi.
Well, our next guest
is one of the most accomplished
pugilists in NHL history.
He plied his trade for 16 seasons with three teams,
racking up 1,020 games in an unfathomable 333 fights.
And that's just the NHL.
He's third all-time in penalty minutes with 3,515.
Welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, the Albanian assassin, Ty Domi.
Oh!
How about that intro?
Are you impressed?
It's nice.
Just did that one.
He's the Albanian assassin.
I haven't heard that in a long time.
I remember you broke in.
That was your nickname for quite a while.
Yeah, yeah.
But, oh, my God, we got so much to cover.
I mean, of course, the fighting aspect.
You were actually a pretty fucking decent player, too.
I think a lot of people forget that as well.
And, you know, maybe some of people forget that as well um and and you know maybe some off ice accomplishments as well um let's start off
maybe with the peterborough peats well that's uh that goes way back you know um my first day
training camp i uh i showed up with a broken hand or what bar fight yeah which didn't go over too well but uh it was what it was and i had to
get it fixed and so this bull mentality this kind of stemmed from childhood like you were always
a wrecking ball and and i i don't want to use the term maybe the shortest of the bunch but you had
to fight for everything you got well i think it all started when i was a young kid uh you know
we didn't know what dyslexia was back then. But, you know, I had to get through
school. And, you know, I was always sticking up for, you know, the guys who were the academics
and the smart ones and the guys that everybody picked on. I was stuck up for those guys because
they helped me get through school, you know, guys and girls. So that was really how I got through school, being dyslexic.
And I was an athlete, so I was usually the best athlete in school.
So I got through school with sports and obviously protecting the academics
who were helping me get through tests and exams and everything else.
Are people aware you're dyslexic?
Yeah, I think it became known once i got termed pro we didn't really know when i was a kid right my mom would
always say my son's no dummy you know they actually i got i got sent uh to a um you know a
a school that you know had challenges for for kids to uh for learning and i was there for a week and not even
a week i don't think and uh the principal called me and said you don't belong here so i went home
to my mother and father and said uh i was in the wrong place so i had to go back to you know the
normal school and uh i just you know the the coaches and the principal were happy i came back
to the normal school.
It actually hit for the sports teams.
Not for the right reasons, unfortunately.
They gave me 50s.
They gave me 50s.
The one teacher in grade five, she wasn't very nice.
She actually failed me.
But, you know, I'll never forget, you know, that feeling of failing and all your friends moving on.
But that's what you kind of live with when you're growing up and we didn't know any better well
so then you always knew you were going to be a player and move on was college never ever an
option or was it obviously right to junior and try to make it pro well it it was always an option
but it was not a realistic option for me you know having uh scholarships in football and soccer and
believe it or not i had probably you know 30 something schools and in soccer and 20 something
schools in football as a kicker i was a middle back out of here middle backer running back and
kicker and punter but i never left the field do you still do you still kick it around no i don't
know but i actually ended up playing for the Argos a couple exhibition games.
I don't have any Stanley Cup rings, but I got two great cup rings.
Come on.
So you were playing around the time Pinball Clemens was?
Yeah, I was there with all those guys.
It was a pretty interesting time.
Michael Shea just won the great cup for Winnipeg, and he was on the team.
But Doug Flutie, that was a pretty special time being with Doug Flutie.
And when I kicked the field goals, he actually held it.
So it was pretty cool.
Oh, shit.
Was hockey your best sport, though?
No, actually, hockey was my third sport out of all the sports.
I got recruited.
I was being looked at by Division II, Division III schools, just a couple of them.
But soccer, it was all over the country. And once they
found out that academics
wasn't my strength,
I went. And my father
wouldn't let me go to Europe to play soccer when I was
16. So he let
me go to Peterborough when I was 16
for training camp and got into
two or three fights the first day.
So I made the team.
Were you fighting in minor hockey all the time as well?
Not really.
I usually stick it up for my friends growing up,
but I think the one time I tell people,
they go, where did it really kick in that you're going to be a fighter?
I'm like, well, when I was 12 years old,
my brother's five years older than me,
and he was getting beat up by this guy,
and I saw this guy, my brother, just just pounding away and he had white bleach blonde hair and uh i just
jumped jumped on him and started wailing on him and he was five years older than me so after the
you know the guy had bleach blonde hair was covered in blood and i'm like whoa this is pretty scary
looking so i'm at home and i hear the door
bang real hard at home and my mother answers the door and the father says look what your son did
look what your son did to my son and my brother my brother's standing there next to my mother
he thinks it's my brother the father so i come between i'm much smaller. And I'm like, Mom, I'm sorry, Mr. Proctor.
And he's almost in shock.
And he's looking down at me and he's like,
he did that to you?
He kicked his son in the butt.
Hit your ass on him.
Oh, no, he was embarrassed.
Yeah, so I think that's really where
I kind of became more fearless.
But then Junior C, when I was 14 years old,
fighting 19, 20 olds um i think
the one time getting a getting a a police escort out of walsberg after i beat up the 20 year old
captain there was blood all over him too i was just sat on him and i punched him like 30 times
so i think that's you know when you're 14 years old you kind of you know i mean how old
were you very first on ice fight was it 14 in that league or was it like even below that uh it was
probably it was probably 12 um to be honest but it wasn't really it wasn't really a fight fight
yeah but uh junior c was you know when you start fighting men right and i was fearless so i fought anybody and
you know i didn't really know any better so i was 14 playing with 18 19 20 years and then
when i was 15 i played junior b and i had 350 something minutes and penalties i led the league
so i think i was kind of born a fighter and people ask me you know why'd you fight so much
and i always stuck up for my friends growing up, kids,
and, you know, the people who helped me get through school.
That's really where it really started.
But I think once I started playing Junior C, I did it,
and Junior B, I did it, and then Junior A, I kind of was.
You know, Mike Ricci was my centerman, and, you know, we went to OHL finals,
then we went to the World Cup,
and I got drafted as a tough guy, really.
But people kind of forgot when I got drafted.
I actually can't skate.
Yeah, you were a second rounder.
They drafted you for the whole package.
27th overall, I tell people now, I tell kids.
That's a first rounder now.
They go, you were a first rounder?
No, there's only 19 teams.
Yeah, this is a ways back for sure. So since you were so used to fighting all these guys older than you like when you even when you jumped up to the nhl level were you nervous at that point
now you were going to be going at the best in the world or were you excited for that challenge
well my first fight in junior year was against the toughest guy in the league named mark laforge
and i went right the coach talk about coaches he comes in a room and I'm 16 years old and he's looking around the room he's
like I don't want anybody fighting that number 18 out there he's looking around except one guy
and I was kind of you know I was a rookie I was dressing behind the door and I'm like I'm right
here just pop your head out yeah I got him so I kind of was looking forward to it you know and
it's the same thing when I got to the NHL i was looking forward to fighting bob probert so i was uh i was a
fearless kid and yeah i was one of the few rare guys that uh liked doing it so take me through a
game day though you wake up and and as the day progresses and before your pre-game nap you're
are you what when game days when i was early and single or when i was married and uh well i mean
i meant even early on i mean take me through the whole career like early on would you be getting When game day? When I was early and single or when I was married and focused?
I meant even early on.
I mean, take me through the whole career.
Early on, would you be getting as nervous as some guys do?
Well, I never really got nervous.
Actually, I was too small to get nervous.
I always had to be calm and in control.
I was too small, right?
Everybody was twice my size usually most of the time.
But I knew I could hurt them because I threw both hands and uh you know they a lot of guys got to know that no
butterflies whatsoever right before you dropped the gloves with with bob probert no no jesus
christ no no not not to tie not too many guys have that ability that you're you were born i know
that's not kind of normal but i hate to admit it now, but it's the truth.
Yeah, she was screws loose.
Not screws loose.
I just, you know, I love to play the game, and, you know, I could have played other sports,
and I wanted to be a hockey player being a Canadian kid, and that was my dream.
And, you know, that's how I got there, and my toughness got me there.
And, you know, legitimately, I can sit here and stare at you guys and tell you that I made it because uh because of my fighting then i you know i got more room then i became a better player uh
you know i couldn't play in junior but people forgot that i could play in junior so i had to
kind of re-establish myself uh as a hockey player your best years were were with toronto later in
your career as far as offensive numbers well that was pat burns is doing uh he challenged me to
to uh condition myself better and be a better player and practice hard.
And he said, if you practice hard for me, I'll make you a better player and you'll play in the playoffs for me.
And he did.
And I ended up playing with Sundin and Gilmore in the playoffs against Chicago.
Another interesting stat about you is you had the second most Maple Leafs playoff games ever, correct?
Well, for right-wingers, yeah, after George Armstrong.
For right-wingers, excuse me.
That's third all-time, which is something that you take a lot of pride in
playing a lot of playoff games.
Of course.
We had great goaltenders.
We had Eddie Belford and Curtis Joseph.
So I tell my son now in Montreal, you've got Carey Price.
You make it to the playoffs, you never know what can happen.
So that was a blessing playing in Toronto
and my hometown.
And, you know, Mattson Dean, obviously, who was the guy who made it happen.
He was the guy.
We never really had that second guy.
So Mattson, our goalies, kind of usually did it.
But, you know, as you know, Biz, you know, as a tough guy in playoffs,
you get to just play.
You don't have to think about fighting.
And every game I played over 1,000 games,
I had to dress every game thinking I might have to fight no matter what.
So it was almost a distraction mentally?
Did you feel more comfortable in playoffs?
Well, you just had to really, like I told you, I was small.
So I had to really focus, right?
And guys are big in my era.
They were tough and they were mean and they could fight.
I'm not saying guys can't fight now. I don't think that they know how to fight as well and i don't think they really you know they don't really fight to hurt you you know nowadays it's
kind of just like you'd be lucky to see a hit nowadays you know you guys didn't have youtube
were you watching tapes though the vhs and studying guys and stuff uh no but you know being
dyslexic i was one of those guys that visually
when you see something, you remember.
So I always knew how guys fought and what hand they threw.
So that was kind of the photographic memory I had.
Very interesting.
You run it through your head a couple times
the whole course of the day.
Yeah, and that was the thing that I really had to do
was I had to outsmart everybody when I fought them
because they were twice my size.
And, you know, guys used to stand there and throw toe-to-toe.
And I said, there's no way I can sustain this and last in the NHL.
I have to change it.
And I actually did change the way guys do fight.
You know, I said, I'm not going to sit there and take punches.
That's stupid.
Well, I mean, even you were pretty hardcore i was talking to cam jansen the other day and we're like
man like people we were kind of the last of the fighters so people think we're like these tough
guys we didn't fucking do it like the guys before us those guys you i mean you guy even guys before
you they would just stand in the pocket and yeah even guys before me and when i you know i was just
too small to to stand there and go toe-to-toe and i tried that me and when i you know i was just too small to to stand
there and go toe-to-toe and i tried that a few times and you know it was like yeah no i'm not
gonna keep doing this so i actually changed and it was a blessing playing with joe kosher when i
was young he came in new york and he threw he threw the right bomb and he said ty you throw
both hands and you throw hard he said you know you don't want your hands looking like this.
He said, don't waste punches and take the helmet off.
So I literally started, you know, getting in and taking guys' helmets off, then throwing bombs, you know.
But it was all about the grip and always about the stance and always about being calm.
And I always tell people, people say, how did you do it?
You always look calm, which is crazy.
You don't know if it's a quote-unquote act or not, right?
Yeah, and I think when people get mad, they they overreact and they not in control and that's not the way to
fight especially in the nhl you know who's probably the best at it now is reeves you watch him before
a fight and it's like his heart rate slows down he's just very patient and calm and i hate to
keep beating the fighting horse but yeah i think people want to know about the psychological aspect behind a guy
of your size. People always ask me
and you guys are a hockey show so I don't
mind doing it. You've been
asking me for a long time, Biz. You were good to Max
so I'm happy to share some stories.
That's a whole different thing we've got to get
into later on.
What a great kid. Do you want to
talk about Burnsy? Actually, I wanted to go back to
Probert for a second.
You fought him across the street, that epic brawl, and you got the title belt.
Was that a predetermined thing you were doing, or did that happen spontaneously?
Well, that was the days of the Hulk Hogan and the Macho Mans and all that stuff.
And Probert tells a story.
Actually, before we fought the first time, I'm like, come on, let's go, Macho Man.
Let's go.
I want a shot at the title.
So it was a whole
gimmick back then. But the belt
thing, you know, I felt that I got
the better of him in the first one.
He was the champ and he will
always be the champ.
He was a very, very
great special individual that
I got to know after our careers. I was going to say,
what was your off-ice relationship? I got to know him after.
We had too much of a big
rivalry to get close
during our times. But after
I got to know him,
he was like a big teddy bear
family guy.
He said to me,
and we spent some quality time together.
He's a real family guy and everything.
He'd say, Ty, he goes, I couldn't hurt you.
And I said, Proby, I know.
That's why I knew I could beat you.
And, you know, when he said that to me, I was like, yeah, because he hit me with his hardest in the first one.
And if you watch the replay of the second one, it looks like I go down at the end.
We were just so tired.
He was so big, right?
But it didn't hit me to go down.
He couldn't hurt me, right?
So we were just so tired at the end of that fight.
And he's a heavy guy, so we just fell at the end.
But it looks like he hit, but he didn't hit me.
And he knew it.
So he admitted it.
And he admitted a lot of things to me, but those are things that I'll cherish the rest of my life i don't think i should share uh special things he said uh the first time
i met you you told me how much you hated the word goon i think that'd be a good conversation between
you want me to get up right now and not finish this conversation yeah the g word the g word i'm
sorry oh you oh you hate it that much yeah oh wow okay so it's like a trigger word and so did probie
and so did Joey Kosher.
And I consider those two guys the greatest of it.
And those guys didn't talk about fighting, and those guys didn't like that word.
And I never liked talking about it, and I don't like that word.
All right.
I'm down with it.
I know you guys are, you know, I like to keep things PG, and I know coming on here, you guys swear and everything, which is fine.
Oh, yeah, yeah. keep things pg and i knew i'm coming on here you guys swear and everything which is fine and oh yeah but uh you know the pg thing i you know i'll stick to the pg but i i can say a lot of
things about that g word that uh you know especially a lot of people that that use it
i can say a lot but i won't say oh you're i have to stick to okay so it just upsets you maybe
like some media and have painted yeah there's a lot of There's a lot of, there's a, there's a lot of guys in the world, especially in the media.
Yeah.
There's certain guys that, you know, have a stance on it.
And I actually tried this, what you're doing when I retired with TSN and, uh, you know,
the guy there that's running TSN, he was running the hockey news for years and years.
And he was the, he was the guy who hated fighting the most.
And then when I took the job and, uh, you know, I dipped my toe in the water there,
but everything you say at TSN, they tell you what to say.
And they wanted me to go on national TV Wednesday coast to coast
between the doubleheader game and say fighting doesn't belong in hockey
because someone's going to die.
And I'm like, no, I am not saying that.
You know how big it would be if you say it?
I don't give a shit.
I am not saying it.
Because you don't believe it.
I don't believe it.
Are you happy with how it's declined and now it's more so just, you know, what happens?
Well, that's the reality.
That's the way the world's changing.
You know, the world's changing, as you see in the whole world.
It's changed not just in sports, but in the corporate world and everything, everything you say now.
And you got to be a little delicate on everything.
And the fighting aspect of things, you know, guys can get hurt.
But that's why I did a book, you know, after Wade died, who Wade Belak, who I was very close with.
You know, he's like my little brother for five years.
He sat next to me and I always kept him involved and when I retired it was a it was a
tough thing to to see the whole situation evolve with him and I didn't go back to the
Arcana Center when I retired at all and I actually happened to go to one game
I think it was yeah the year after I, but I didn't go for a long time.
And when I walked in, coming up the stairs, and I ran into Wade Biedlak's wife, Jen.
And she goes, Ty, can you please go talk to Wade?
He's struggling.
He's having a tough time.
I'm like, yeah, sure, no problem.
So I go in there after the first period, and he's in there working out.
He's not playing.
And he went through, speaking of Cam Jansen's, he hit Thomas Caberle.
Right?
Wade didn't play for like 15 games or something.
And Cam Jansen in New Jersey hits Thomas Caberle.
Wade doesn't play for I don't know how many games.
Don't quote me on 10 or 15 games.
He doesn't play until they don't know how many games. Don't quote me on 10 or 15 games. He doesn't play until they play Jersey again.
He plays.
He goes at Cam Jansen, fights him, and he's back out again.
You know what I mean?
So he was like spiraling really quick.
And he was, you know, that kind of really hit home because after what happened to him and then Pro B dying and, you know, a lot of...
There was a tough stretch there.
Yeah, with all the guys who were in the brotherhood that kind of did it.
And I did it the most.
And I'm like, you know, and when I retired, I went through tough times financially and stuff.
And I could have done a book.
And I said, no.
I said, no.
I kept saying no.
And then they said, well, you had the most fights.
You got to do a book.
I said, I'm not doing it.
Not ready.
Not ready. I'm not ready. And I could have done a book. And when and when i was you know tough times and everything i said no no so i held out i held out i held out and finally i just
said i had enough let's let's do this and i wanted to shine a positive light on on you know the job
i did and um what we all did and that was because i protected my teammates and uh simon schulster tried to make
it all about fighting and hockey and hockey and that's not why i did the book i actually did the
book about you know protecting the people in chapter 11 and i kept trying to take the chapter
chapter 11 out that was you know the waiters the shoeshine guys the tsa guys you know those type
everyday people waitersers, bartenders.
I tried to stick up for those people because I think the new world has changed so much.
And, you know, how I was brought up with my father and everybody else that's our age kind of, you know,
treat people the way they want to be treated, old school values.
And that's why I did it.
All those guys that died.
And so I tried to shine a positive light on fighting.
And, you know, I ended up being, ended up being number one bestseller in Canada.
Five weeks in a row in Canada is pretty good for a guy that's just a so-called fighter.
Even those writers that cut up fighting and everything else,
I'm not a writer.
They're writers, and none of them have ever had a number one bestseller
in five weeks in a row.
Whoopsie. I got a lot out of doing that book let me tell you though it's it's a tiring thing doing
a book and doing a tour and going out to susan well you probably you probably write all down
these stories or or talk to them with whoever's uh helping with it and then i'm imagining you
got to trim some of it out at some point because you're like ah maybe this would upset this well
you know i'm dyslexic right so i had to listen to it and okay of course ended up going on a trip to italy
um and uh you know i i kept saying no i walked away because they kept taking chapter 11 out
crazy enough right tried to make it hockey hockey fighting fighting and i was like that's not why
i'm doing the book right i wanted to do it about three people i want to be treated old school
values some life lessons that i learned going through tough times and stuff, and treat people how you want to be treated dedicated to my father.
And so that's, at the end of the day, and I can tell anybody that's going to do a book, make sure you have every single line, every single page in your contract that you get final say.
Of course, yeah.
Because that's how I did it.
We've got to go back to the Toronto days.
um we got to go back to the toronto days you mentioned pat burns and uh chuck gomez was talking about him and just how stern he was and how he demanded the best from his players and he
was kind of a scary guy yeah uh i was playing winnipeg and i was lined up in front of the bench
in toronto and i heard someone from the toronto bench say hey you know i'm like turn around and
burns goes no i'm serious ty i'd love to have you on my right side.
He was tampering.
Yeah.
So a week or 10 days later, I ended up getting a phone call
that I'm traded to Toronto, and it was Pat Burns.
I told you I wanted you.
So, you know, we kind of hit it off like right away.
And when I got to Toronto, he said, I'm going to make you into a player,
just, you know, this and this and this to Toronto he said I'm gonna make you in the player just you know
this and this and this and he was a special special coach I think him and Pat I was very
blessed to have him and Pat Quinn as my coaches and the one funny story was in in Chicago
we have a little five-on-five brawl and He coached Chris Chelios in Montreal, and that was his favorite player at all times.
We have a five-on-five, and Chelios is the only one that's not.
Everybody else is paired up with someone, so it's Chelios.
I grabbed Chelios, and I got a cock back.
Chelios is like, you know.
I go, Chelios, what are you doing? And Charlie's like, you know. And I go, Charlie, what are you doing?
He said, I don't know.
So I just kind of let him go.
Oh, you let him go.
I let him go.
All right.
And then after the period, Pat Burns.
You had him at the tip of your fingers.
What did you do?
You let him off the hook.
I'm like, no, I didn't say anything, right?
In front of the whole team and everything.
And he was like, you had him. He's going, you had him at the tip of your fingers. You didn't say anything right in front of the whole team and everything and he was like you had him he's going you had a tip of your fingers you had him he talks
like he's god right yeah so and he kind of was at the time yeah of course the whole chicago blackhawks
so anyway we fly back to toronto and uh trainer saying pat wants you in his office so i walk in
there and he's got a mr briefs on nothing else it's quite the sight
but he stands up and uh i'm ready i thought he's gonna blast me and he he says come here
i walk over he's got a mr brief he goes i love you man gave you a hug he goes i'm i'm so sorry
about that he goes you showed him respect yeah for sure you know you know that was very uh
respectful of you and i love him and uh you know that was very very nice i'm very sorry for snapping
on you so that was the kind of bond that we had and you know that was when it first kind of kicked
in that you know this guy's pretty cool what did he see in you that maybe you didn't see in yourself
and how we helped develop your game like what what were the areas where he's like i think you can get better here i see it and well he saw me in junior right okay and i was
playing the top line with mike ricci so i think he he thought i could do that in the nhl and uh
you know he he did it he actually lived by his word in the playoffs i played with sundine and
gilmore in a line which was pretty cool and you know I that's where I kind of got my confidence I could play in the NHL as a regular in the playoffs and so that was like in 94 right so
um that was kind of when I were you wheeling around with these guys off the ice like who is
your who is your buddy Sundeen right I know I see you guys snap or not snapchatting Instagram story
yeah yeah yeah Matt's obviously he's like a brother a brother. We were tied at the hip. We sat next to each other on a bus, the plane, breakfast, dinner, all that.
He was a shy guy, quiet guy, so he liked being around me because I was the guy.
Yeah, you would attract the people, right?
You would go out.
Well, yeah, I was the one who kind of always took care of things for us.
Timo Solani, same thing in Winnipeg.
It was the same thing. I was blessed
to play with Timo. When he scored 76
that year, that was a fun year
to protect him. Oh yeah, that's right.
You were there for his rookie season.
I'm not going to go to the Hall of Fame, but I'm going to
go to the Hall of Fame for assisting on his record-breaking
goal. Get the old fuck off.
That's unbelievable.
Keep it PG, Beast.
Sorry, if your daughter wants to listen. My nieces and nephews. I'm sorry. I'm sorry PG. Keep it PG, Beast. Oh, I'm sorry. If your daughter wants to listen.
No, my nieces and nephews.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
We're going to edit that.
Garelli's going to edit all the swear words from this interview.
My apologies.
God, I forgot where I was.
Oh, Timu Solani.
Special guy.
Special guy.
When he went up to give his Hall of Fame speech, he had you written down in it.
But when you get up there and the nerves start kicking in
and he actually forgot to mention you and then, you know, he's like,
oh, I'm so sorry.
And he was like showing you.
George Peril.
Yeah.
Okay.
Tell the story.
Yeah.
So he mentions a bunch of people and, you know, you get two tickets, right?
Like two tickets to give to people and plus your wife.
And, you know, you don't get a lot of tickets
when you're going to the Hall of Fame.
I know because of Mario and Mads and stuff.
So I've been there with those guys.
And so, but he had us, you know, as his guest.
Were you the two tickets he gave for Peros and you?
Yeah.
And he forgot to mention.
But it doesn't matter.
He showed us after.
He showed us a speech and he had us in there.
But George and I had some fun with that.
It was pretty cool.
Oh, I bet.
Yeah, you probably had to buy a few rounds after that.
Yeah, yeah.
It was good.
Team was one of the best teammates I ever had.
Him and Matt, obviously, when I was in New York,
protecting Messier was a special.
He taught me how to be a real pro,
and I was blessed to play with Messier, for sure.
Ty, you said you couldn't be hurt.
Did you ever have issues when you played?
You hear about players having depression and those type of things.
Did that ever affect you when you played?
I'm just wondering because you wouldn't get hurt, so did you have those same issues at all?
Like, you know, you go down the dumps going to depression or anything like that?
Well, I don't really think about that stuff.
I know there's a lot of talk about it um there's a lot of guys that uh kind of been in
brotherhood with biz and i and what we've done but uh i try and help a lot of those guys right um
quietly and uh i don't want to mention names but uh a lot over the years since i retired
you know a lot of those guys kind of looked up to me or respect me and um you know I just try and be positive and happy every day and you know life's too short you know
and uh as long as you try and be positive every day and make a difference and that's kind of what
I do I I don't try to stay busy that's for sure you know um was uh was Doug Gilmore the leader in
that locker room when he was there yeah he was but was. But he wasn't there long. Right. Because Matt's game. Right.
And so they brought me in when they traded Wendell for Matt's.
They brought me in to protect Matt's. And that's what Bernsie said.
You have to take care of this big Swede. He could he's a difference maker.
You know, that's what Bernsie brought me in to protect Matt's.
And then Doug ended up after that year, that first year where Matz and I were with him,
he ended up going on, moving on.
But Dougie made a big impact in Toronto, and he's a great guy, great teammate.
And, you know, I got to play with Wendell, too.
Wendell came back a couple times.
Right.
So, you know, I got to be friends with all those guys for over the years,
and I'm still friends with all those guys.
And, you know, the hockey, as you know, the hockey guys, once you're friends with all those guys for over the years and I'm still friends with all those guys. The hockey, as you know, the hockey
guys, once you're friends with them
and you see them, it's like old times.
You pick up right before you left off.
It's pretty cool. I'll keep you alight at this time.
I want to talk about the situation
in Philadelphia with the guy falling into the penalty
box, squirting bottle. Take us through
that whole story. I don't think a lot of our listeners
are familiar with it.
Philly, I used to love playing there.
I really did.
You know, the fans, they loved me, but they hated me.
I still get fan mail from Flyers fans.
When we miss you, the games aren't the same anymore.
But, you know, I was getting a beer poured on me, and I got a lighter thrown at me, and I turned around,
and I saw this guy, you and so i think john leclaire
was in the other box johnny what color is your powerade over there it's a blue give me give me
so he came with a blue powerade so i i'm like i'm gonna make this guy had a white shirt on
or whatever he had and i i want to make a stain on shirt. So I started pouring the Gatorade on him,
you know, the blue stuff.
And then, you know, the glass was really low.
I was actually there to watch my son this year.
The glass is this high.
It's like right to the roof.
Right to the roof now, but it's pretty funny.
But it was shorter then.
The glass was like not too high,
and he kind of fell through.
And, you know, I thought,
I didn't think nothing was going to happen but then he started punching kevin collins and kevin you know
i'm pretty as biz knows like we're close with all the linesmen and the referees when when you're
tough guys you're close with those guys and kevin collins was one of my one of my boys you know so
once he once i seen him throw a punch at kevin then i stood i gave him a couple jackhammers
but he was a nice
guy and the whole thing happened and i you know he was suing me he was suing get the fuck out of
here the flyers he was suing comcast he's suing the nhl he's suing everybody and so i'm like oh
my god what's going on here and and every time he'd lose he would appeal it well it's costing me
it's cost because i'm paying for i had to hire pencil
you know uh counsel out of pennsylvania too right so i had to hire the best lawyers in pennsylvania
and i'm paying not the least so how much you done it running you a lot a lot six figures get the
hell out of here yeah yeah yeah oh my god that is brutal i would assume the afterword you guys
i'm going this is and i'll give you the headline how it all ended.
So I'm getting fed up because it was appealing.
His cousin's just doing it.
His cousin apparently was a lawyer.
And he's a really, you could tell he was a bricklayer apparently.
He's a really cool guy.
And his name was Falcone, Chris Falcone.
So I say to the lawyers, I meet a morning skate in Philly at the Four Seasons.
There's four of them.
I'm like, guys, how much is this breakfast costing me?
I said, are you kidding me?
We have to get this thing done.
Like, what's going on?
They said, well, they're not tired.
The four of them come from.
So it's just costing me.
So I said, get me the guy's phone number.
I want to call him.
I want to talk to him. I want to see him. Like, no, no, no, no, no, we can. So I said, get me the guy's phone number. I want to call him. I want to talk to him.
I want to see him.
Like, no, no, no, no, no, we can't.
I said, get me his phone number, please.
I want to call him.
So finally they got me the guy's phone number.
And I called him on the way to the game.
And we had a couple games left.
And we were playing the Flyers in the playoffs.
Okay, first round.
So it's our second last game.
So I said, get me his phone.
So on the way to the game i call him
and i and i said falcone it's ty domey he goes don't screw around me man who is this who is i
said no it's ty domey here take my number four and my number at the time was 416-407-DOMI, right?
3664.
Of course it was.
So I said, I used every number for 3664-DOMI, right?
That was my thing.
So I said, I'm going to hang up.
I'm going to hang up.
Call me back.
I hang up.
He calls back.
I told you, man, are you going to the game tonight?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's quiet.
I said, okay, this is what's going to happen.
We got to do this low key,
but I'm going to have security come bring you to a room.
You and I are going to meet.
I just want to talk to you face to face.
And he said, okay, okay.
I said, you promise?
He goes, yeah.
Game's over.
Right away, I take my stuff off real quick and i go there because i wanted to before
any media anybody came i didn't want anybody around we go in this room and he comes in and
he's like he thinks that i'm gonna want to fight him or something right and i'm like hey man and i
just shook his hand and i hugged him i said hey i'm a good guy just like you i said you got wife
and kids and he says yeah yeah i said well i'll tell you what i said, you got wife and kids? And he says, yeah, yeah, yeah. I said, well, I'll tell you what.
I said, we're playing the Leafs in the first round.
How about if I fly you and your family to Toronto,
put you up, and give you two tickets,
give you four tickets, and we call it a day.
We'll get this, you know.
And he's like, yeah?
I said, yeah.
You want to come to Toronto?
He said, yeah, yeah.
I said, okay.
And I told him, I said, just don't do, said, just don't tell the media or anything, right?
Anyway, it's all done.
I had him sign off everybody.
So I got Comcast off.
I got the Flyers off.
I got NHL off.
I got everybody off.
He signed off on everything.
And he came to Toronto.
And God bless the guy.
He's doing interviews in the stands.
Oh, God. Keep it under wraps. But it was okay. That's the real story. everything and he came to toronto and god bless the guy he's doing interviews in the stands oh god
keep it under wraps and all of a sudden it was okay that's that's that's the real story how it
all happened and uh you know it was you know people still talk about it everywhere we were
the guy that we're the guy that fought the fan in philly so you know that's the real story that's
how it ended and uh i had to end it myself no lawyers so just say funny what happens when you
take the lawyers right out of it, huh?
Yeah, lawyers.
Man, oh, man, they create more problems, those guys.
Are there any guys that have retired that you're not on friendly terms with at all from back in the day,
or was that stuff always left on the ice?
No, it's left on the ice.
The guys literally that I battled against and fought against, I think I have more respect for than anybody
because I know how tough it was to do on a day-in-a-day-out basis.
Anytime I see or hear from any of those guys,
it's always great to talk to them and see what they're doing and stuff.
I really, the hockey fraternity is something that's pretty cool.
And the people that know you, know you when you see you,
that you haven't changed.
And that's the whole thing is you still go at it with them.
Jabs and stuff is fun.
We kind of glanced over your New York days.
What do you remember most about playing in the Big Apple?
Those were probably the funnest times I had.
Were you getting after it a little bit?
I was single, you know.
And, you know, going to the China Club,
which after Studio 54,
the China Club became kind of the place to go.
And after the Probert fights,
I became kind of a...
King of the club.
Celebrity in New York at a young age.
So that was kind of cool.
And that's how I became buddies with Mario and Wahlberg from that place,
from China Club.
Mark was there going as Marky Mark,
and then he became the Calvin Klein model.
And so I got to know him pretty well, and we're still close friends.
You've got a bunch of celebrity buddies.
Jay-Z's one of your buddies?
Well, yeah.
You've got a bunch of celebrity buddies.
Jay-Z's one of your buddies?
Well, yeah.
He's through A-Rod's birthday when all the Yankees were throwing in everybody in the pool.
Jay-Z had a box of cigars in his hand the whole time. And any time anybody tried to throw him in, he'd come over me and put his arm around me.
He broke a cigar.
So that you were protecting Jay-Z during the party.
We're the only two. A-Rod says we're the only two dry ones at-Z during the party. We're the only two.
A-Rod says we're the only two dry ones at the end of the night.
But A.J. Burnett was on the team from the Blue Jays,
and he told everybody, don't piss this guy off.
Don't piss this guy off.
So every time Jay-Z would just come up.
What was he like?
Who's that?
Jay-Z.
What was he like?
Amazing guy.
He actually played basketball.
He was actually a really good basketball player.
He was pretty impressive.
He was going at it pretty hard.
They were getting into the basketball games.
You were trying to get him to play soccer, bring back your old skills.
Wow, that was my number one sport, actually.
People laughed.
You played soccer.
I was actually a goal scorer, too.
That was my sport.
Another guy you had a few dances with was Rob Ray.
Was it just some chemistry thing
when anytime you threw on the ice, you just went at it?
Well, I think, you know, I chased him around in junior.
Our whole career was in junior.
He never fought.
He was actually a decent player in junior.
And Buffalo, Toronto was always, you know, the big deal.
They've got a documentary coming out that they're going to air, correct?
Yeah, it's on it.
Actually, the people posted it on my Instagram last night.
People were going nuts.
I mean, obviously there was-
You should check it out.
Check it out.
But the trailer I watched for it, it looked like it was a fucking-
Yeah, it's good.
Andrew Peters did it, too.
Andrew Peters was-
I thought it was more interesting than the Top Gun 2 trailer.
Right?
All right.
Andrew Peters, you know him at all?
Yeah.
He's hilarious.
Oh, he does radio there in Buffalo as well.
Yeah.
He was a tough customer.
Instigators.
He had a couple good goes against Ray Emery, or at least one that I can remember.
Remember that iconic fight?
It was tough.
He always tells people he beat me up.
I go, Petey, come on, seriously.
Okay?
Like, I love you.
He goes, he told Max, he goes, yeah, I beat your your dad up i beat your dad up you know but he just loves it
he loves the chirp you know would uh i mean robbery obviously did a good job of transitioning
into media you said you you did it briefly like did it just not really interest you after your
your first experience well um you know if i do it and i might do it, it's going to be, you know, being normal and being real, right?
I don't need someone telling me, you know, what to say or what to do.
And, you know, I'm not that type of guy.
I never have been as a player or in life.
So if I do do something, which, you know, the opportunities have come quite a bit,
and I've always said no because I want Max to get the spotlight
in his life and his career.
Now he's played five years,
so I'm starting to consider it a little bit.
But there's been a lot of cannabis companies
and a lot of whiskey companies and stuff
just like you, Biz.
I'm just trying to keep up with you.
You're a hustler.
I'm just trying to keep up like you.
Oh, yeah, I'm fine.
Go ahead.
Another tale.
You were scratched one time
and you stayed at the hotel
until the second period of the game.
Is that true?
Is that a true story?
Or is that  I think it might have been under Burns.
You were scratched.
You were so pissed off.
You got a healthy scratch.
You stayed at the hotel.
He's giving you
That wasn't with Pat Burns.
I was never scratched with Pat Burns.
Okay.
I'm not
No, that was in Montreal.
I was scratched, a healthy scratch.
Actually, John Ferguson, Jr., he asked me about people who I dislike in hockey.
He's probably the guy that I don't have any time for at all.
He actually single-handedly ruined the Toronto Maple Leafs for many, many years.
Really?
Yeah, he's the guy, for sure.
So he's the guy that
Like what?
He had it out for me from the day he took the job in toronto i don't know why but uh you know i think he found out that uh i was kind of the glue of
that team and when he got rid of me you know they and matt's was the most pissed off guy you know
when when they got rid of me so they missed uh they missed the playoffs i don't know like 10
years after i left so you know that's that's john fer John Ferguson single-handedly he ruined that team um and he put
that team back many many years but uh that's the one guy that probably you know I don't know yeah
going back to your question earlier um you're super protective of Max an unbelievable kid which
I mean I don't blame you man you love your kid to death how long did it take you to realize this
kid might have what it takes to make the NHL? At what age?
People always ask me that question.
And I always say that, ironically enough, you know that brick tournament in Edmonton?
It's all the top kids.
I wasn't good enough to play that one time.
It's all the top kids in North America.
It's all the top kids in North America.
And out of Quebec, it's called the brick tournament.
Oh, it's out of Quebec.
Okay, I thought you said Edmonton.
No, out of Edmonton.
Sorry, Edmonton. Is it before the Quebec major, the Quebec PV
Tournament? Yeah, Quebec is 12. Okay.
And no Toronto team's
playing that Quebec tournament, by the way, so he didn't
get to play in that, but the Brick
Tournament's in Edmonton, and my friend Bill Comrie
actually started
when Mike was young.
Oh, that's okay. That's the connection.
Yeah, so it's the top
kids in north america and max actually led that tournament scoring and uh i remember bill showing
me a list of all the guys who played in that tournament and there were all the top scorers
in that tournament were all in the nhl at 10 years old i'm like holy smokes that's that's serious and
max was the leader up until a couple years ago that all-time leading scorer in that tournament
since he you know and when he was 10 right scorer in that tournament since he, you know,
when he was 10, right?
So you knew that that was kind of, you know, he was a gifted kid,
and he actually led the tournament scoring one goal,
and the rest were all assists.
So he still has that problem of shooting the puck.
But he always passed, passed, passed, passed.
He's always been that kid because he always likes to please everybody
and pass, pass, pass.
And when it counts, he starts to shoot.
And last year he shot, and he started to shoot again.
So hopefully he keeps shooting.
As an old-school guy, do you ever get frustrated watching today's game
when a dirty hit happens and nobody sticks up for the teammate?
Well, ask Biz.
Are we going to get you in trouble?
No, but watching my son play junior, being the leading goal scorer and having guys trying to hurt him, that wasn't too easy to be watching as a father.
You ask, being a father and watching, that was...
But fortunately for Max, he can stick up for himself, though.
Yeah, but unfortunately, when you're leading scorer of the team, you don't want him to.
They're trying to get him off the ice.
They're trying to get him off the ice. They're trying to piss him off.
And so that was the toughest part as a father, watching that transition in the game.
Because when I play junior, I protect Mike Ricci.
When I turn pro, I protect all the guys who are leading scorers.
So my son didn't have the benefit of having that.
So unfortunately, he has my DNA, and we're trying to get him to control it more.
I think he's getting better at it, and I think he understands it.
It really doesn't affect the game much anymore.
It doesn't.
And you just got to keep your head up and be alert.
And I think a lot of the injuries happen by accident
because there's no red line,
and guys are just flying and getting hit by accident.
Or, obviously, guys aren't protecting themselves. You can't just go into the boards and turn your back red line and guys are just flying and getting hit by accident or you know that obviously uh
guys aren't protecting themselves you can't just go into the boards and turn your back and
not expect to get hit you got to protect yourself so i think there's a lot a lot to do with you
know the accountability and you know when we played we made guys accountability and
accountable for what they're doing and uh i think the league wanted to take kind of that out of the game and they they're trying to really you know police the game and i think the way we did it i think it
made the guys a little more reluctant a little more hesitant to do things and i think they
you know they knew if they hit somebody that i was coming you know that the probie was coming
and like they just knew and now there's no more accountability that way you might get a suspension or you know a fine but it's not really you know um like it
like it was that deterrent on the other team just isn't there yeah yeah so it's a little different
right what do you make of all this um this instagram and social media stuff and how max
how well max is done capitalizing off of it. I mean, he's working with brands.
He's doing the thing with Type 1 diabetes.
You know, I try and actually take some pressure off him because he has so much demand, especially in the Type 1 world,
which is great, what he does for kids.
And that's really why he wrote the book
is because everywhere he goes in the league, you saw it yourself.
You know, there's Type 1 families waiting all over the country for him in North America.
And it was more he would get 30 seconds or a minute because, you know, he's done and you got to get on a bus.
You got to go to plane.
Right.
He didn't get to spend that quality time with people to help them.
But he would, you know, how he does it is just amazing because I get emotional just talking about it.
But he wrote that book to actually tell life experiences that he's gone through
and help not only kids but families to deal with because it is a real thing.
There's no question.
You've got to be on top of it, and it's manageable.
You've just got to be on top of it.
Another incident I wanted to bring up was the infamous Al Samuelson punch,
and as a Boston fan, we liked it.
So what precipitated that event between you and him? that I wanted to bring up was the infamous Al Samuelson punch, and as a Boston fan, we liked it. So, what
precipitated that event between you
and him? Well,
you know, it was one of those,
it was so long ago, but
you know, he called me dummy a few
times, and my dad died the year before,
so I
took that as an insult when someone
called me Ty Dummy, dummy, you know,
instead of dummy, and I took an insult to my dad, so, and he, instead of Domi, and I took it as an insult to my dad.
And he said it a few times, and I said, if you say it again,
I'm going to knock you out, and I ended up knocking him out.
How many games did you get for that one?
Eight.
Actually, that was Berkey.
So, you know, that's why I like Berkey, because he let me off the hook.
I think eight games was pretty fair, you know, because I did knock him out cold.
We've got to talk about your relationship with Mario Lemieuxieux and how how did that all start everybody always asks that question
too he actually told that at my uh at my birthday party which uh was quite ironic because him saying
anything you know kind of you know it's like pulling teeth right but he actually told everybody
the story and i was skating around i mean he was skating around warm-up at madison square garden he was marylamu you know 91 92 mvp and stanley
cup and everything had the long hair and uh i heard him say something and i'm like what i'm
stretching that center ice got my foot over the red line i'm staring down jay caulfield you know
skating around and i said what'd you say and he's lying he, skating around. And I said, what did you say? And he's laughing.
He kept skating around.
He's laughing.
And then he comes back to center ice.
He does a circle at center.
And I'm like against the boards, and I'm stretching down on the ice.
And he comes over, and he's so tall, and he bends over.
And I'm just ready to say, what?
And he says, no, Ty, seriously, can you get me and 10 of my teammates in a china club tonight?
And I'm like, yeah, yeah, no problem.
It's Mario Lemieux, right?
So anyway, he goes on and ends up scoring four goals.
Get out of here.
Yeah.
And then right to China Club.
Game's over and everything.
And we had a closed door meeting.
I still got my pants and my skates on but I got my stuff off
and we had a 10 minute meeting
or whatever
and then a meeting
10, 15 minutes at least
and then the media all comes in
like a bunch of cattle coming in
and then the security guy says,
Ty, Marilyn Mews is at the door.
I'm like, what?
He said, Marilyn Mews is at the door.
So I walk there there my skates on
pants we got my straps and he's standing there with his hair jelled and everything with the tie
on suit and everything i already showered he must have had one of those showers that just you know
walked through well he didn't play the third period he probably just shut it down just and
he said we all set and i'm like uh he just embarrassed us but you know i said go i'll
call over.
Go.
He said, you got to come, right? You got to come for a drink, right?
I said, I don't know.
He just kind of embarrassed us.
Anyway, I ended up going.
Hit it off there and friends ever since.
And best buddies since.
Now you're basically part owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins, I see, in the owner's box.
Well, when he was winning, well, when he actually went through tough times, when he was going
to lose a team, that was a was a that was a difficult that was a yeah weird time
and uh i was actually with him when you know that whole thing happened when they got crosby get the
lottery and crosby i was with him yeah it was it was quite a surreal moment what was his what was
his reaction when he first heard the news like what like what what did he say holy fuck we just
got cross he still has the ice packs on his cheeks having they can't get that smile off his face but it changed you know
changed life but it couldn't happen to a better person or a family him and natalie you know like
like my brother he is so chill yeah and natalie's like my sister you know so i'm very close with
the family and the kids and uh you know they're a special family they're you know be best buddies
forever you know sid told the story on the podcast when he got a dog and Mario had to clean up its shit because it took a dump.
Where did it take a dump?
In his living room or something?
Yeah, somewhere.
So he gets home and Mario and Muse clean up his dog's shit.
Well, story, I got my hip surgery in Pittsburgh and Mario picked me up at the hospital.
And I stayed in his guest room in Pittsburgh and Mario picked me up at the hospital and I stayed in his guest room in Pittsburgh
and you know I was
sick I was getting sick
throwing up he was walking me to
the toilet holding me up
I was throwing up
is this while you were playing or when you were done
yeah when I was playing
he's a real guy
and I'm one of the few that are pretty blessed to be very close with him.
I have a brother, Natalie.
It's the same.
They're just special people.
You follow the game on a day-to-day basis, keep tabs on every game, every score, like a legit fan?
No, I try.
I try.
You know, I love watching hockey, obviously.
But I try.
You know, we all got busy lives and do a lot of different things,
but I try and watch most of the Montreal Canadiens games
and obviously watch my friends' teams.
Last night I watched Arizona after the Montreal game
and Taylor Hall making that play on the winning goal.
That's why trades happen.
Makes things curious.
They're in first place. I'm so happy
for Toc in Arizona
because
they've been suffering for a long time out there.
Anything else you wanted to
share before we wrap
this thing up? We've taken enough of your time.
You were incredible. I like
diving deep into the psychological aspect
of the fighting.
Any other stories?
Whatever.
No.
I love your honesty.
You're just out of control.
No.
No, you know,
at the end of the day,
we all try and be ourselves, right?
Keep it real.
And I think what's most important is you know
when people uh treat you with respect you know you give it back and i've always been that way and
biz you've been always very respectful and well i wouldn't cross it because you'd fucking feed me
my lunch either way but you always been pretty funny biz oh yeah look looks aren't everything
uh we we actually forgot to ask you about er Erica and how you became so close with our CEO.
Now you're kind of training her and turning into this hockey player.
Erica, she's a, let me tell you, like you talk about female leaders and CEOs.
And when I first met her, I was very impressed with her, how she came across.
And she's very straightforward, like very clear and straightforward.
how she came across and she's very straightforward like very clear and straightforward and she said first thing she said is i'm i just started hockey and i love it and i said you love it and she said
yeah i love it what can you tell me i said just keep if you love it just keep enjoying it and she
kept sending me messages that this is what i did today this is what i did today this is what i'm
doing she's better skater than me now she can skate backwards better than me yeah
i could never skate backwards but uh and then she made this sweater that uh said
ty domey is my spirit animal she made a sweatshirt and people start asking me
how can i get those sweatshirts through barststool Sports Store. So I told Erica, I said, people want these sweatshirts.
She goes, I'll make them, I'll make it.
But, you know, it's great to see someone so passionate about the game.
And she's really loving hockey.
And that's what I said, like, you know, what's going on with women's hockey.
I think you say, you know, what I'd like to talk about.
That's one thing I think is is is really needs
a push is women's hockey because we want we want girls growing up to have some kind of inspiration
to to say hey i can play pro hockey and just like a lot of these girls that that have done it and
they're going to the hall of fame and to take that away from them i think is is just a shame and i
think the nhl and the nhlPA really have to get involved in that.
Okay, so you think they need to buck up and think of a structure
where they can set something up and even if it's at a loss for a few years
to get it going?
100.
And all the markets that make money in hockey,
I think we could pick six of the top big money makers
and good franchise, even
if it's original six.
Let these girls have something, because
they're 50 of the fans out there.
They're 50 of paying the salaries
out there. So you've got to
give them something, and I think that's
something where I think, you know,
the PA and NHL have a lot of differences,
and I think the PA, I've been living in this game for a long time.
And, you know, everybody pays their dues and, you know, what you get when you retire from the NHLPA.
You still got to pay your health insurance.
I think that's one thing that the NHLPA has to do is take care of players forever that played over 200 games.
And there's 1,200 guys's 1200 guys i played 202
so i'm definitely down with that uh there's only 1200 guys living that played right yeah only 1200
guys it's it's actually crazy the amount of players that have played in nhl people think
it's such a high number i think 1200 1200 to play 200 games that are living that are living yeah i
think all the time it's it's it's under like 5,000 players all time. There's only 1,200 today.
So, you know, the NBA has health care forever.
So think about it.
You're paying dues for what?
I played 17 years, and after that I got to pay 35,000, 40,000 a year for health care.
You got to do something.
So if you're not taking care of women's hockey,
you're not taking care of your players after their careers, what are doing so the nhlpa has to really kind of i mean i would i
would never argue that point i would just say it's hard to you know force a business to to take a loss
knowing that but if they could set something up in order to make a revenue stream and make it be
able to have you watched a game and you watched a woman's game yeah well i watch when they're
usually at the olympics did you watch a live game oh i've no i've never been to a live
female's game i don't okay well i've been to a few live there you go all right so do yourself a
favor all right and go watch a woman's live game i will and i watched it i watched them three times
now i watched it twice in montreal once in toronto and let me tell you they got a lot of skill and
not only skill they got a lot of heart and they leave it all out there
and paying fans will go see these girls,
women play in hockey markets.
And you think eventually it can become a lucrative thing?
Or at least keep itself afloat?
I definitely do.
50 of the crowd is girls and women.
So you're going to have interest.
And what do they have right now?
They don't have anything right right now they don't have anything
right now they don't have anything because it's gotten taken away from so i'm a true believer
it's got to it's got to be fixed and uh that's on the nhlpa and the in the nhl to to get that right
i love it well ty thank you for joining us um you're a you're a beauty uh congrats on a hell
of a career and uh the record in fights, 333.
I guess it's something that will never be broken now, hey, Biz?
It won't even, nobody will scratch the surface.
I don't think anyone's going to get over 100 anymore starting now.
Really?
Yeah, but you end up with.
I have no idea.
I didn't even get to double digits. I was getting all my face beat in the minors, Ty.
Well, you know, and the one thing I wanted to tell you about, the penalty minutes thing.
You know, you were saying third all time.
When I started my career, the tens in the game as conducts,
they were eliminated.
Oh, so you had to earn those.
From the penalty minutes, right?
When Tiger Williams fought, he would get two, five, ten in a game.
So he'd get 27 minutes every time he would get in a fight at the end of the game. He just did it. He
did it all the time. People ask me,
how did Tiger Williams have so
many more playing minutes? Twos and tens.
No.
Tens and game as
Codnucks. The game as Codnucks are 10-2.
You get the other two in 10, right? Because
they kind of came side to side, but I get what you're
saying. So it's 27 minutes. 27 minutes.
You get 10 and you get a game. So that's 27 minutes. 27 minutes. You get 10 and you get a game.
So that's 20 minutes.
Jesus Christ.
And then you get five and you get two, for instance, two, five, 10 in the game.
That's 27 minutes every time.
And if you look up the stats, how many times that happens?
You probably should have got a lot of 10s in your day, Ty.
So once again, thank you.
Thanks, guys.
We'll have to get you on again when Witt's back.
Thanks for joining us, Ty. Yeah, where's
Witt? What happened to Witt? He had to go to NHL
Network tonight. Oh, yeah? Yeah.
And we couldn't pass you up, dude. Say hi
to him. I will. All right. Love you. Bye. Thanks.
Big thanks to Ty Domi for joining us
down at headquarters last month. Really enjoyed
talking to him. I watched him punch a lot of faces
growing up, so it's pretty wild to sit there
and have him next to me. He does get a fucking squash on him, I'll tell you that. But a lot of fun chat with him, I watched him punch a lot of faces growing up, so it's pretty wild to sit there and have him next to me.
He does get a fucking squash on him, I'll tell you that.
But a lot of fun chat with him, huh, Biz?
Oh, it was great.
Quick note, Sheldon Keefe won 15 out of his first 20 games as a Maple Leafs coach.
He's the first Maple Leafs coach to ever do that.
The Leafs currently have a 10-game point streak, their longest in almost 14 years. So Leafs making a move for the playoffs here or what with Doug?
Yeah, they are.
They're on a complete  they haven't been on a run like that since 05, 06, I think.
And, you know, you talk about Matthews.
He's having an MVP-type season.
He's been awesome.
But you've got to look to, you know, depth guys
and what's changed since Keefe's taken over.
And look at that Pierre Engvall.
I don't know if I'm saying his name correct,
but he adds a ton of speed to the bottom six.
He has six goals in 21 games.
So if you check out his hockey DB picture,
if there's women listening and you look,
you might start just rubbing yourselves
because he's frigging handsome as shit.
His hair is unreal in this picture I'm looking at.
Don't know anything else about him.
So good for him and good for the Leafs to be able to bring in some guys
that you haven't heard in years past that are, like I said,
bringing some new blood to that team.
I'm going to address one thing, and some people might be like,
no, things are going great.
They don't need it.
They need a little bit of toughness.
They need to add somebody on that roster for when,
if they do in fact get matched up against Boston again,
they need somebody able to push back.
How good would Josh Anderson be on the Leafs?
Well, yeah, I mean.
I'm just thinking of guys that would just be like perfect for them,
powerful.
My brain's just working.
Oh, that would be an unbelievable fit.
Now, I haven't really researched it.
Who would be a guy who's available coming up here,
maybe at the end of his contract,
who could play a limited role to add that type of toughness?
Oh, Simmons signed a one-year deal in Jersey.
That's a great thought right off the top of your head.
He might be slowing down a little bit and some people might roll there no no i'm gonna say another name i'm describing my
guy i'm trying to build him up so people don't call me a fucking idiot okay um he may be slowing
down a little bit but he does have experience he can for today's standards he's very tough he
always brings a physical play he knows exactly what his role is kyle cliff, he's very tough. He always brings a physical play. He knows exactly what his role is.
Kyle Clifford.
He's comfortable with Jake Muzzin.
He can slide right into that locker room.
I don't know.
That's just a name.
And he might be an in-and-out-of-the-lineup guy at that point.
Some people might think I'm fucking crazy.
Wayne Simmons, obviously, a lot better option to add some type of offensive ability,
great in front of the net.
But, yeah, people shoot me messages about candidates that you think
if you do think that they need to address that situation.
But overall, you said Matthew's on pace for over 50 goals.
James Myrtle lets us know after every game.
Shout out to Myrtle.
But they got a lot of good things going right now.
Maybe also adding a competent backup goaltender.
That could be another thing that they need to address.
But a lot of good things happening in Leaf land.
And congrats to Sheldon Key.
He's definitely going to be, if he keeps this course of faith,
or course of faith, path of course, help me out here.
Tap me in somebody.
Well, I first want to, we got to defend Hutchinson.
We've given him some shit.
That's three wins in a row for him.
And his first shutout of the season was actually last night.
So at least, I know what you're saying, but at least the last three,
man, he's picked it up.
Okay.
Things are going very well.
Let's see where there's a little bit resistance and things aren't, if he's picked it up. Okay. Things are going very well. We'll have to see where there's a little bit of resistance
and things aren't, if he can still step up.
I was talking about Keith, and I got lost in the fucking word salad
that I was throwing out.
But he's going to be like a Berube type where if they keep going like this,
he might be up for coach of the year.
See what happens.
Biz, was somebody double dipping on the 1,000-game bonus here?
Something you wanted to bring up or what?
Biz had the flu when he heard this.
Started puking everywhere, right?
All over the restaurant.
It was crazy.
Well, Dallas sent a video of the walk-in, and that got me a little ill.
I had to take some gravel.
And just thinking about all those young guys in the Dallas locker room
still on entry-level contracts and this motherfucker comes over here
950 or 60 games in to his career, and I got to fucking sack up and pay.
Now they end up getting a nice trip.
The whole family's going to Ireland, or was it Scotland for a golf vacation?
Pavelski's going to go shoot under par
and haunt Witt's dreams.
But then I hear, and I was going to also say this,
I want to lobby for in the next CBA where if that situation happens,
the team where he played over 900 games for is on the hook for the gift.
Well, I end up hearing that the San Jose Sharks also got him a Rolex.
So, Joel Pavelski.
Talk about being well-liked.
Handsome, beautiful family.
He's good at every sport.
He's got millions and millions in the bank.
Tripped to Scotland.
Big old teeth, big old white teeth.
He's probably got a cock down to his knees.
Anyway, I'm done all righty then no guys really do have it all
uh prior to january 1st of this year there had only been 11 nhlers who had played in four decades
well you can add three names to that list as zidane O'Chara, Patrick Marlowe, and Jumbo Joe Thornton have all played now in four decades.
That's pretty insane when you think about it, man.
That's really cool.
I mean, the start of the first decade, there was no internet, right?
Early 90s, was there internet?
Actually, yeah, technically there was.
But not legit, not like.
It wasn't as commonplace as it is.
But either way, impressive as hell.
I mean, before that, Gordie Howe, George Armstrong, Kyle Brewer,
Bobby Hell, Ray Bork, Mark Messier, Rod Brindamore, Chris Chalios,
Mike Medano, Mark Reckie, Matthew Schneider.
Those are all the guys who had played in four decades.
Actually, Gordie Howe played in five decades.
And now Big Jumbo Joe, Patty Marlowe, and Big Z joining that crew.
Pretty exclusive company and
then hey z like we talk about what people around here complain about him because sometimes he is a
little slow and he's gonna get burnt on occasion with all these young guys burning speed up the
wazoo but he's still pretty fucking effective out there no oh yeah it sticks the length of his own
i mean how is he not going to be effective and he'll beat the piss out of anyone if he wants to
you know why he's so effective?
He's a bubble hockey player.
He stays in exact.
He is.
He's a bubble hockey defenseman.
He stays exactly in his line.
You know exactly what you're getting every night.
He blocks shots.
But his head would have touched the top of the bubble.
Oh, fuck.
That was the worst joke.
I don't hear people thinking that that was an insult.
I don't need fucking that mutant coming after me.
Yeah, you definitely don't want that happening.
Hey, you know what?
That's a long time to be playing hockey.
And speaking of lasting as long as you can,
you guys out there have heard of Roman Swipes by now,
so give him a try if you need to.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer in bed.
Personally, I try to think of Stanley Cup champions in reverse.
Doesn't always work, though.
That's why I like to have little Roman swipes on hand.
Roman swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting,
and they don't require a subscription.
That's the best part.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet
for whenever you need it. Swipes are great. They will not transfer to your partner,
so you can last longer without worrying. They're super easy to use. Just take the swipes out of
the packet, swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to good to good to go. That's it. And when
you go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets, you get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan. If you use the link, getroman.com slash chicklets. Once more, that's getroman.com
slash chicklets. Keep that career going, Biz. Let's look at a little bit more news before we
get to our second interview. A very tough break for the Islanders as they announced defenseman
Adam Pellick is done for the season with an Achilles tendon injury, and they did recall
Sebastian Ajo. You know, this kid Pellick, he might not season with an Achilles tendon injury. And they did recall Sebastian Ajo.
You know, this kid, Pellick, he might not be a household name,
but it's a huge loss for the Islanders.
He's on their top pair, second in minutes.
He's one of these guys who does a ton in his own zone.
Whit, have you seen this guy play much this year?
I have.
He is a cannon.
Oh, no, I'm thinking a Pulak, right?
Yeah, exactly.
They got very similar names.
Pellick, yeah, I don't know. I haven't seen themak, right? Yeah, exactly. They got very similar names. Pellets?
Yeah, I don't know.
I haven't seen them enough to really know what he brings.
But anytime you have a defenseman that's playing major minutes on a team that's having a really good year,
especially keeping the puck out of their own net,
they're going to miss him.
So that sucks because Achilles, oh, my God,
have I heard the rehab is just nightmare.
When they dig away, when you're laying on the table,
I guess it's just a very painful, long rehab.
So best wishes to him.
That's one of my fears.
I heard when you snap your Achilles, let's say you're running.
My buddy was playing in a flag football game, and it snapped,
and he thought the guy behind him, like, kicked him in the back of the leg.
And he, like, turned around.
He's like, what the fuck are you doing? And the other. And he, like, turned around. He's like, what the fuck are you doing?
And the other guy was, like, 10 yards away.
He's like, what?
Like, what are you talking about?
And then all of a sudden it rolls up into the back of your knee.
So very nasty injury.
Get well soon, buddy.
Ouch.
Doesn't sound like much fun.
Hey, boys, should we send it over to the boss now or what?
Yeah.
All right.
Nice to finally sit down with her.
Erica's a big fan of ours.
She helps us out a lot.
So I think it was long overdue that we sat down with her.
So there's a strong correlation there.
Erica Nardini's learning how to play hockey.
Tidehomie's helping her out.
Also, in the Tidehomie interview, we talked about the women's hockey
and how passionate he is about it and how he wants to see that the you know the league be successful and Erica is also on the same boat and I don't
even think they talked to each other about it maybe they had in the past but we're going to
try to do some things with women's hockey moving forward so hopefully you guys enjoy the interview
we're sitting here pleased to be joined by the CEO the boss lady the queen of barstool
Erica Nardini came in.
She said, guys, I need to sit down and talk to you about women's hockey.
So what do you have for us?
Well, as the foremost authorities on women in hockey, I look at each one of you respectively.
Yeah.
I want to know what your opinion is.
We're leading the charge.
Yeah.
You really are, Biz.
Yeah.
We're going to be the poster child for women's hockey.
For women and hockey.
I said when all that ordeal was going on online about the fact that they weren't being paid appropriately,
it'd be fun to own a team, wouldn't it?
Maybe get that women's league going.
I would own a team.
If they could figure out the infrastructure where at least we're breaking even,
and if not, maybe at least, you know, it's just hard.
It's hard to own a team where you're losing money, you're saying.
But how do you not lose money?
That's my issue.
So here's my issue with women's hockey.
The pipeline for women's hockey is awesome.
Girls, youth, hockey, awesome, full, big pipeline.
But then you play in college, fine.
And then what happens?
So that's the issue.
There's been different leagues and then one league folded, right?
Yeah.
I actually wish I knew a hundred percent so
i'm like going on what i kind of remember i will say this about women's hockey that you're saying
the infrastructure is good and it's only getting better so i think it's the fastest growing girls
sport in the country in the u.s talk to me in 20 years i know that sounds insane to say but
i just think it's so early in the game something will get figured out but as of right now it's just
hard because nobody's figured out like what will actually get these girls to be paid what they deserve to be paid while also turning a profit and having fans show up.
It hasn't been able to happen yet, really.
Yeah, they're going to have to implement.
I think they already do this now where they do these essentially mini tournaments where they all go to the same location.
That way fans can pay for tickets.
Yeah, you go like once.
And make it like a day event.
Six games, six teams.
So they do it like the PLL,
like who gives a fuck about lacrosse, right?
Same kind of same thing.
It's the same problem.
Paul Rabel does.
I love Paul Rabel, but this is what he did.
So then he created a tournament style
so that you go 10 weekends a year, six games.
It's a festival environment.
You sell tickets.
You sell merch.
You could do that for women's hockey.
I think you need to. In order to start it out out to get the ball rolling and to get people attached to it and
maybe do the live streams as well in order to grow the female broadcasting side of it maybe
only female broadcasters coaches and yeah where you know i as a guy i'm like sure make it all
women's you know grow them and just not only the playing aspect, but also the other roles in hockey, whether it be scouting, analytics, blah, blah, blah.
So, yeah, I love the idea and I hope they could figure it out because I think it only
benefits all of us if the game grows itself.
But if you look at, for me at least, like the most watched women's sports, besides soccer
when the World Cup's on, it's crazy, but it's tennis and it's individual women's sports or actually besides soccer when the world cups on it's crazy but it's tennis and
it's individual women's sports right i mean i don't like what what is the most popular woman's
sport on tv you think wmba i don't know so yeah it's it's like i don't think it's a broadcast
model well the i'm saying the product to get people to go the better these girls get and they
are getting you gotta have a good like now there's clips and i don't i hope this doesn't sound now there's clips of if the girl doesn't have long hair you're like is
that a 12 year old boy or girl like they're actually right they look that fast they look
that skilled as soon as the product reaches a different level that's when they'll have a chance
but players aren't proving enough but it's just going to take time i think but right right now
or before it's you're watching it's just slow compared to what  Well, there's another thing too, right?
I mean, that's biology right there, right?
Men are going to be faster and that's how it all works.
But what about maybe making the rink a little bit smaller and having like a specialized ice surface where there's more scoring chances.
It takes less time to get around.
I don't know.
Wait.
So do you think the NHL has to be involved?
I think they do in order for it to get to the size that they might want it to get.
But the problem is, as someone who understands businesses, I'm not going to wave my finger and tell them, do this and lose money because we want to make these other people happy.
It has to be an investment standpoint is where if they think they can grow it and get more females involved and all of a sudden that evens out in a revenue stream
based on people consuming their product, sure.
But there's people who are like,
start a women's league, you fucking assholes,
where it's like, whoa.
They have the NBA who are making a lot more money
who have that model going on right now.
And I mean, check the books.
It's not doing great.
So I don't want these women to be given something again books it's not doing great so i i want i don't want these
women to be given something again where it's just going to fail again where it's like oh like they
have to give it some thought think of a game plan and be able to execute it and another thing too is
well all these people waving their finger well let's let's pre-sell the pay-per-view so to speak
then let's buck up and fucking if you're going to point your finger and fucking tell people
to do something in order to make it, you know, in order to grow it and make it, you know,
available for both genders, then fucking pay for the package that you're going to live
stream the games on before it's even created.
All right, Piz.
There's got to be, like, come on, there's got to be some method to the madness.
As a true fan, though, Erica knows you stand up twice in the arena
when there's a goal and when there's a fight.
So you understand the excitement.
I would advocate for fighting and goals.
We'll do it between periods.
Me and R.A. will go out there with those sumo outfits on
and we'll fucking put on a show for all of them.
He doesn't need to wear one.
But on that note, I hope the ladies get a professional league
and they can continue to grow their talents
and everyone can win and be successful because it's kind of shitty.
These girls are talented enough where they should be playing for a living
and staying in shape for the Olympics.
It's just we've got to figure shit out.
Another thing we've got to talk about is your new best friend, Ty Domi,
teaching you how to play hockey.
I love Ty Domi. Obsessed with him.
And you got him for an interview for us later this afternoon.
We're excited about that.
If you don't fuck it up.
If R.A. doesn't show up.
I love Ty Domi. I DM him every time
I skate. I DM him my videos.
He gives me a little feedback. He's like my coach.
Well, people don't know.
What's your backstory even getting
into Barstool? You became the CEO.
This thing has just taken off ever since you arrived.
Not a big deal.
But you enjoy it.
You love it.
Like, how did it all come to be?
I mean, I read Barstool.
I wore a lot of Barstool.
Gronk 69 is like my favorite T-shirt ever.
That's the maturity level of this company right there.
But we're down with it.
No offense.
No offense.
Chief Executive Officer. No, but i love barstool it's
basically like i mean you know it's like what guys in boston read it's the way they talk it's
how they think it was small back then i mean influential in boston you know it but like
nothing like it was now um i met the chernan group when they made the investment with Dave. I was working in music.
I had a company in music.
Basically, they said, hey, we just invested in this company you've never heard of called Barstool Sports.
And I was like, oh, I fucking heard of it.
Pulled out the app.
I was like, here's everything these guys are doing right.
Here's everything these guys are doing wrong.
And I had modeled  I was working with Justin Bieber.
I modeled a lot of his stuff on what Dave did, where like, I would read an article
on Deflategate. And then there'd be a free Brady t shirt. And I was like, that's exactly what you
should do. If you're Bieber, and you're like, he was launching the purpose tour and the purpose
album. You listen to sorry, you want to wear the sorry shirt, like you got to serve it up right
away. So net net, I met Dave through a mutual friend, like six months later, we totally hit it
off. So there was no application.
They just basically grabbed you.
Oh, no.
They had been through.
They had interviewed like everyone.
Oh, and they couldn't get it right.
Couldn't find anyone.
Yeah.
No way.
All dudes.
Really?
But then Dave and I met like randomly, not through the process.
Why?
Is it because they just didn't understand what the core values were and what it was about,
what Dave was about?
They weren't fans before. They weren't fans before they barstool was small then like like there were
12 people like it was a blog like it wasn't um that was how big it was when when the chair in
2016 yeah is that how you say it chernan chernan yeah it's fuck sorry guys yeah when they moved
to new york it was very small very small and. And people were like, what is this thing?
Why would I go work there?
Unless you were from Boston.
Unless you were from Boston, unless you were a fan of it,
and you understood how big it was.
In my opinion.
That's my opinion on it.
And then it just was hard.
Like, it's, I mean, can't you see a bunch of suits coming in here
and being like, Dave, you should do this.
This is how this should be, like, would never work.
So that was it.
So then I came.
Is it fair to put a number on the company right now?
What was it valued at when you stepped in with that?
It was like double digits, low double digits, I would say.
And now we're doing, I don't know what our exact valuation is,
but we're doing almost 100 million in revenue,
so it's grown a lot.
Isn't that fucking crazy?
A blog from a basement is now... From a pigeon-toed, short... 100 million in revenue, so it's grown a lot. Isn't that fucking crazy?
A blog from a basement is now... From a pigeon-toed, short clown who cut his own hair
to a media mogul in New York City...
Oil-drilling supermodels on camera.
We've made it.
Captain of the Edmonton oil drillers.
Erica, what about Pink whitney because you've had
such a big i mean the two people right here biz and erica they are really the two who kind of
you guys put your heads together and all of a sudden the drink came along with new amsterdam but
where did you even picture this like starting off like were you like were you like there's a chance
we'll sell maybe like 100 cases you know what's awesome about you guys is that I think you get your people.
People love chiclets.
Our audience is hardcore.
You guys are so hardcore.
I love you, too.
I think you're like infinite talents.
You're funny.
We did, Whit and I did an interview this week, and Whit just was cracking himself up the entire interview.
He thought he was so funny.
I was saying very funny.
Literally no one else is laughing and he's just laughing at himself answering that.
And it's a,
it's for Forbes.
Okay.
It wasn't funny.
Like,
like business questions.
Oh,
we did a Forbes interview for the pink.
We did a Forbes interview.
Forbes and variety as well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What's up?
Oh,
geez.
Thanks for the call guys.
Thanks for the call.
I said,
go fuck myself.
But anyways, like I, I think the other thing is biz is so entrepreneurial.
You're just a great marketer.
You're a great promoter.
I like working with brands, too.
People are always like, oh, swipe ups.
It's like, dude, I get to work with fucking products that I use, and they're going to
pay me to endorse them.
It's just like, I was giving away that DHM detox last night at the table.
I didn't have the Sunday Scaries today because I took it. You did? How'd it go? Oh, it's just like i was giving away that dhm detox last night at the table like i i didn't have the sunday scaries today because i took it you did how to go oh it's great it's great
it's all natural and i and i that's just an example just help with the adres uh but anyway so
i think you can feel sometimes when you make a product if it's going to work or it's not going
to work and i i always felt it with pink witty mostly because it felt real for you guys like
and i thought i thought new New Amsterdam did a good job.
I think they underestimated how big we are.
I think that's a problem to this day.
It sucks not being able to give people what they want.
Let's remind our listeners, she went to bat for us.
And it's not like some battle going on.
It's just that New Amsterdam was like, holy shit, we didn't expect this.
None of us did.
Sorry.
Oh, no, you're good. And then obviously me being the only Canadian on the podcast, I'm like, holy shit, we didn't expect this. None of us did. Sorry. Oh, no, you're good.
And then obviously me being the only Canadian on the podcast, I'm like, guys, this is bullshit.
You got to represent.
And we mentioned how hardcore our fan base is.
And I'll stroke them off back.
Having said that, in the end, you rarely ever get something perfect the first try.
And I would much rather people really want it and be trying to get it and it's selling out than them have made too many and we look like complete fools. So it sucks right now. But at the
same time, they no one could have thought that this was gonna happen. The other thing just to
give you like some context for it is that like, think about what's happening at Gallo right now,
like they have like, so I went to the plant. I like to Modesto, went to the plant. Where's that? California.
In farm country California, they have all these bottling plants.
And they have this thing.
They don't run it like Barstool Sports.
It's like down to a science.
How many bottles, how many hours the machines run, how many people work on them.
And they've got to do it across every brand that they own.
And it's slotted for months and years in advance.
And we come in with the pink vodka and have to kick everybody else off the bottling line.
It's a gong show over there.
The impact it's having on their business because they've got to figure out how to keep up with demand.
I'm not sure this is something they've ever seen either.
And that's kind of like it is with Barstool.
And I think it was like when you guys were doing chicklets is like when
something gets ahead of you,
it's awesome,
but you're like constantly trying to catch up and figure it out.
And they are just in that boat.
Yeah.
I mean,
we're trying to grow so fast and keep continuing to give,
you know,
videos and interviews to our fans.
Whereas,
yeah,
sometimes it's like,
Oh,
why didn't we do this?
It's just,
fuck man.
We've never done it before. We're trying to like stay above above water we're trying to stay above water and that's what sometimes
to who you are we ask you know the fans that try to back off and be a little bit sympathetic
because like man we're just the four of us we do have other shit going on and like i've never been
in this space before and we're learning as we go so you know it's it's it but but saying that you
guys have set up set us up with a nice infrastructure where we're able to mostly just focus on the creative and growing our brand for our fans.
When I actually remember right when you came on, Biz,
we all had a conference call where Erica was on there and Gaz was on there too, I think.
And even then, with you coming on, we knew it was going to get bigger.
But Erica was the one that said, you guys have no idea, I think, how many more listeners you can get
and how big you guys could get.
And I was like, I don't know.
What's she talking about?
I always had your back at the time.
You saw kind of where we were able to take this way before I thought we would be able to.
So thank you for that.
Yeah, you guys are awesome.
I love this pod.
I think it's great.
We love you too.
And anything else you want to talk about?
No, I think you guys are great. I love your fans. The pond hockey is going to be exciting pond hockey is going to be big um we got west coast or the newer version of the west coast
wagon tour coming up because we are going to the all-star game we're going to winter classic
st louis will be uh january is there another outdoor game we're going to too
the stadium series which one are you most excited for? I will say this.
I thought it was a cash grab.
From what I read online anyway,
I went to that Boston-Chicago one
at Notre Dame Stadium.
The energy in there was incredible.
I thought the game was incredible.
The overall atmosphere,
I think it was worth every penny
that I would have had to pay
if I would have had to pay for my ticket.
We appreciate all that you guys
do, so thanks for coming on.
Thank you very much once again to the CEO
of Barstool, the woman who makes
it all happen around there, Erica
Nardini. We appreciate you very much coming
on and all your help as always.
And Ari, you have a couple other
finishers here. Oh, we got a gambling corner.
Well, yeah, but before that, we had a few funny moments in hockey,
the lighter side, if you will.
Saturday night in Ottawa.
How about Colin White bust out?
Oh, this is bullshit.
This wasn't a goal.
Dude, he looked like Pele.
The puck hit the crossbar.
Thing must have went fucking 50 feet in the air.
Finally come down, and Colin White, the old fucking,
jumped up and headed in like a soccer player.
Jimmy Snooker, Cocoa Butt style, but of course,
it didn't count because you can't Cocoa Butt the puck
into the net, but it would be fucking hilarious
if they would allow that, huh, Biz?
What is Cocoa Butt?
Remember, it's from WWF when Jimmy Snooker
used to give you a head butt?
They used to call it a Cocoa Butt.
Okay, okay.
I actually say that sometimes, all right?
I didn't know that that's where it was from, though,
because my old man used to say it.
Maybe the Samoans do.
We have to mention that Shaw did it first, apparently,
because if you don't, you'll get a death threat from a Blackhawks fan.
Holy shit.
Shaw did it first.
Yeah.
We didn't claim he did it first.
He might have been in a playoff.
Yeah.
It was a big one in the playoffs so um that's a skill play and i get where where some people can make the argument with
some people want to be able to kick the puck in the net and they say that that's a skill play
ah you're dealing with the skate blades and we know how those can go i think that's a little
too dangerous but headbutting come on that's got to be a fucking goal. That is a beautiful, beautiful skill play.
And I wouldn't be shocked that the league looks at it moving forward
in order to change the rule where you can headbutt a puck in the net.
And it was the rat rink, too.
The rat rink of all people who gets it done.
Colin White, nice extension this summer.
He's a rat rink.
He calls himself that.
And he's able to head a puck, and they don't let it stand.
I don't like it.
I don't like it.
What do you mean?
As in he hangs around the arena all day?
Yeah, he was trying to say he was a rink rat,
and on TV right after he got drafted, he's like,
I'm a rat rink.
Come on.
Oh, he's beautiful.
He's beautiful.
Whitey, yeah.
He's awesome.
Awesome.
The rat rink.
Also, another chuckle.
On Friday night, Washington's Nick Dowd picked up Andre Schvetsen Whitey, yeah. Rat rink. Awesome. The rat rink. Also, another chuckle.
On Friday night, Washington's Nick Dowd picked up Andrei Shvetchnikov's dick,
and Washington's Nick Dowd picked it up, and he went over to the glass,
and he threw it over to the glass to a fan who was wearing Shvetchnikov's fucking jersey.
I was pissing my pants laughing.
He got a 10-minute misconduct, but that is absolutely fucking worth it 100 percent with um nick dowd play with him in manchester want to call their cup with him i've
been hitting this pen pretty hard i don't know if i've mentioned it this episode but uh yeah i was
uh busy making a show though as you were riding around on a bus uh but yeah sick title congrats
i think this is just a great move he's given away a souvenir to a fan, and sure enough, the fan that he threw the stick to
had that Shvestakov?
Shvestakov, yeah.
Shvestakov, I'm struggling here.
That was so not even close, the first one.
Shvestakov?
Shvestakov.
That's like a cheap one.
Shvestakov.
Shvestakov.
The fan had his jersey on, so he gave him a souvenir.
It was actually one of the most thoughtful moves by an opposing player
you could ever imagine.
That's an unselfish guy who's just thinking about the fans
and the guys who pay the price of tickets to pay your salaries.
They should actually  you know how they usually fine guys
for illegal checks and stuff and for stupid stuff like 2,500?
They should take 2,500 out of that fund and pay Nick Dowd
for doing such a nice gesture for a fan.
I agree.
Have you ever seen that before?
A guy taking an opponent's equipment and throwing it into the crowd?
Yeah, harpoon style at an away rink.
Got a guy right in the chest, went right through like Braveheart.
See the guy go down?
No.
It was a baker's field.
I think our guy was a little pissed off about the outdoor game
where he had to basically swim.
It turned into a water polo match.
Anyway, sorry.
Hey, maybe he just needs to calm down a little bit,
and that's Calm with a capital C.
Calm is the number one app for
sleep and meditation and calm has teamed up with lebron james to help you train your mind
we talk about physical fitness a lot but mental fitness is just as important important and so
isn't talking lebron and calm know that your mind is like any other muscle in your body and calm can
help you train your brain so you sleep better have less stress and perform at your best for LeBron James.
Sleep is an important part of his mental fitness routine.
He says getting good sleep and finding time to rest is one of the most
valuable things I can do for my body and mind.
And if you head over to calm.com slash chicklets,
you'll get 40 off a calm premium membership with calm.
You'll have access to nature scenes LeBron loves,
like rain on leaves, and so much more, like sleep stories and meditations.
For a limited time, our listeners can join LeBron in using Calm
with a 40 discount to an annual membership at calm.com slash chicklets.
Unlock content to help you focus, ease stress, and sleep better. Get started at calm.com slash chicklets. Unlock content to help you focus, ease stress, and sleep better. Get started at
Calm.com slash chicklets.
That's Calm.com
slash chicklets.
How do you like that, Biz? How do you like me now?
Yeah, sleep is
very important. Absolutely.
One other note on Bakersfield,
when we played there, the
back alley on the way to the rink was
Corn Avenue, I believe. The band Corn is from Bakersfield, when we played there, the back alley on the way to the rink was Corn Avenue, I believe.
The band Corn is from Bakersfield.
I loved Corn.
They have such good pop-up music.
Listen, they have about six songs that I would still throw on and listen to.
They're heavy metal.
I remember it being screaming.
Yeah, but there's ones where they're a little bit more mainstream
where I'm not down with the...
I love when Biz sings death metal.
Me too.
Okay, I'll Spotify them.
I actually think I remember a song that's definitely not
just screaming into a mic.
I could see why people would even just dislike the band
because of the lead singer's hair. I don't think he's ever washed it.
He has dreads, but he didn't need the wax to make them.
He just used, like, the grease from his actual hair.
He's got a terrible salad.
I'd rather have R.A.'s salad.
Yeah.
Time for the gambling corner.
Things weren't too, too bad last week.
Philadelphia gagged earlier in the week but got
some back with dallas and then we finished uh the week with a winner who was my other pick oh yeah
colorado people give me shit for picking an easy winner but whatever a w was a w so looking ahead
to this week though uh monday night i like columbus they're out in la uh i know i said last
week this is a team i don't't particularly care for betting for or against
because you never know what you're going to get.
But I like what I see out of this Columbus team.
I like the way they responded to losing their goaltender.
So I'm going to be jumping on them Monday in L.A.
They shouldn't be too much of a Moneyline favorite.
So we're going to say Columbus on the Moneyline.
And half of that bet will go on the puck line.
And looking ahead to Tuesday, the Canadians, they're in Detroit.
They're due for a win.
I know that's an old gambling axiom for degenerates like myself,
but they're going to win in Detroit.
Detroit's Detroit.
They're fucking struggling.
They're one of the worst teams in the league.
And Montreal is way overdue for a win.
So we're going to jump on Montreal and Detroit Tuesday night.
Same thing.
We're going to go money line and puck Tuesday night. Same thing. We're going to
go Moneyline and Puckline as well. So I'll blog it. I'll have a blog up Monday so you can check
that as well. One more time. Columbus Monday in LA. Montreal Tuesday in Detroit. All right. I think
because you're mentioning the Columbus Blue Jackets and the surprising run they've had lately,
we should be able to give a little credit due to Zach Wierenski,
who scored two goals on Saturday night.
He's the first defender in Blue Jackets history to get 50 goals for the team.
So at a young age where he's at now, granted,
he won't come on the show and he's stiffed us twice.
We got to shout out him for a nice little start to his career on a team
that surprised a lot.
So that was my addition to the end of the podcast.
There we go, Biz.
Do you have anything you'd like to add
or do you want to wish everybody a happy week?
Last thing I want to say is the TSN crew that goes overseas
and spends time away from their families during the holidays,
they do an incredible job.
They are, when I think of world juniors, I think of Ray Ferraro.
I think of Gore Miller.
I think, is Drager still doing it?
James Duffy.
I know Bobby Mack.
He's old.
Bobby Mack, all those guys.
Like, they go non-fucking-stop,
and they have to know all these young guys' names
as well as all the NHL guys' names because, of course,
they're doing NHL games.
So those guys are 10 out of 10. I don't know how the fuck their brains can handle all that work um but we know
what i'm setting up cameras to have them win the gold medal that's one way uh but i don't think uh
i don't think this guy gets enough credit jeff o'neill doing all that scouting he even goes out
during the summertime and checks out on these kids and
writes reports on them.
So Jeff O'Neal,
I know that's where all those guys are getting their information about
these kids.
So Jeff O'Neal,
you're the fucking man.
Great job for the world.
Juniors.
Oh,
dog.
Everyone asked to have him on.
We'd love to have one.
I think he'd like to come on.
I like,
I guess employers probably have something to do with it.
It's not like we don't want to have Jeff O'Neill on.
I just don't think logistically it works.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday we'll have him on.
But believe you me, we'd love to have him on.
It's not our call, basically.
Some people will think I'm being serious about thanking Jeff O'Neill
because he jokes around on Twitter all the time
that he's doing all this stuff for World Juniors.
So that may have gone over some people's head.
He just tweets it out nonstop, and the ongoing joke is the other guys
reply to you like, thank you for all your hard work.
I think people got it when your number one line was that, you know,
that's where all the guys get the info on these young guys is O-Dog.
All right, gang.
Well, everybody, have a great week out there,
and we'll be checking back
with you Thursday. Thanks for listening. Thank you. As always, we'd love to say thanks to our
wonderful sponsors and hopefully you fantastic listeners are taking advantage of these awesome
deals for simply safe. Go to simply safe.com slash chicklets. That's S I M-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E.com. And chicklets is C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. You do that,
you get the free shipping on your order plus a 60-day money back guarantee. And for Roman Swipes,
you want to go to getroman.com slash chicklets and you get your first month of swipes for just
5 when you choose a monthly plan. And for Calm, you want to go to calm.com slash chicklets for a 40 discount
on an annual membership. Everybody have a great week and we'll catch you later. And ignite your bones
And I will try to fix you
