Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 234 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
Okay, boys, we should be all recovered from Dallas, another great American city,
another great visit with some dynamite interviews. But let's say hi to the boys first, like we always do.
First up, producer Mikey Grinelli. What's up, G? Hello, gentlemen.
Great interview on tap for today. I'm excited. Absolutely. We'll get to that in just a sec. Next up, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney. What's going on, guy?
What's up, guys? How you doing? Doing well. Oh, that's good to hear.
I'm doing very well myself.
I'm fired up to record today.
Yeah, Turco. That was a lot of fun.
This will be a good one.
Yep, mighty Turco we've got coming on deck.
Last but not least, though, Paul Biznasty.
Bissing it. What's up, guy?
Everything's good over here in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Coyotes beat the Florida Panthers on, what was it?
Tuesday night. Great win.
Congratulations to Aiden Hill stepping in after Ronta and Darcy Kemper went down. Jesus, here we go. Howdy's beat the Florida Panthers on, what was it, Tuesday night. Great win.
Congratulations to Aiden Hill stepping in after Ronta and Darcy Kemper went down. Jesus, here we go.
Nope, that's all I'm going to say.
Let's kick it off.
Let's get into some hockey talk.
Quick stroke.
Like we just said, Marty Turkle is going to be joining us in a little bit.
He was a goaltender down in Dallas for a few years.
Absolute joy to talk to.
He's a pretty personable guy.
We talked about his college career, his NHL career.
So good shit coming a little later.
But another week down in the NHL means another coach fight.
It feels like we've been doing this every week.
Yet another one gone.
And this time it was Peter Laviolette after exactly five and a half seasons
in Nashville.
He's gone.
They had come out to an 8-3-1 start.
But the Preds struggled to get any real consistency to their game. Their special
team stunk basically. It wasn't really
commensurate with the talent level they have there.
They're five points out of a playoff
spot right now so David Poyle did something
he usually doesn't do and that's fire a guy in the
middle of the season. Replaced him with
John Hines who was recently coached in the New Jersey
Devils. I don't think this was a huge surprise
but what did y'all take first?
It was time.
With a team like at least the roster they have,
what's been going on there this year is kind of mind-numbing,
and you wonder what else can you do.
You assign players.
You can't trade everyone.
The coach gets fired.
Makes sense.
I think that Laviolette's had success everywhere.
Stanley Cup champ, end of the finals with Philly.
I mean, you name it, he's kind of done it
in the game, but I do think that he has a
voice that probably gets a little stale, as
some other coaches have, that we've chatted
about in prior episodes,
and other guys have been fired before, so you
understand what's going on. And when you
mention David Poyle
doesn't usually do this, I
completely agree with that, and that's why I don't think he
does do this unless there was a guy he really wanted that was able to come in right away.
And that's John Hines. And that goes all the way back to Ray Shero working with David Poyle,
working under David Poyle, being very close with him. And that kind of shows I don't think Ray
Shero necessarily wanted to fire John Hines. I mean, what else are you going to do? But he
certainly has enough trust in that guy where somebody like Poyle,
who's very close with Ray Sherrill,
is going to find out everything that that guy thinks about John Hines.
And obviously he gave him enough good words to make sure that Poyle believed
in his commitment to bringing him in after a tough go in Jersey.
But, I mean, if you look at the predators and the team
they have and the the lack of difference in ice time the top guys are playing the same amount as
like the fourth line they're not relying on their on their big guns and i think heinz will immediately
change that no granted they got pumped by boston on wednesday night uh tuesday night excuse me but
still that's first quick game first day as the head coach but it's uh it was a it was it was time to make a change but now it's on these players and you've seen other teams
bounce back all year from a coaching change and really figure things out well nashville is the
roster to do it but will they is the question well you pretty much touched everything that was one of
the points i was going to bring up uh this the the main consensus seems to be that laviolette just
wasn't you know relying on the top guys.
And at a certain point when things aren't going well by distributing the ice
time, the way it was going down,
very similar to the Babcock situation and how people were a little infuriated
by that where, you know,
you got fourth line guys playing two minutes less than Austin Matthews.
Well, let's, yeah.
I mean, let's see if John Hines can go in there and turn things around. And I'm really interested to see what he can do with a good
roster because, you know, there were, there was some criticism of the way he handled the New
Jersey situation. And most people were like, well, I don't think that, that this is the raw,
as good as a roster as people thought it was going to be going into the season. So I'm happy for him
to get a shot right away now you mentioned that
um uh scuderi rob scuderi was hired as a defenseman coach under john hines which is funny because
hines had elaine nazardine who was a michael terrian disciple as was rob scuderi uh during
their playing days in pro so uh interested to see if uh if Scuderi takes a bit of the hard-nosed Terrian
approach. Well, Scud's immediately must
have just booked it to a
Joseph A. Banks because he's going to need a couple
suits now. He's got his
light and his dark.
I mean, you're on TV, what,
45 more times this year before playoffs.
You got to get your suit game strong,
Scud's, but congrats to him. I think he'll
make a great defensive coach.
I mean, his sense of humor, the way he goes about things,
and also what he knows about playing defense, second to none.
So I think that he'll also really let a guy like Yossi,
obviously he's their leading scorer, why wouldn't he?
He'll let him run wild, do his thing,
unless he won't hold guys back offensively.
But he'll certainly be able to teach you how to have a good stick
because that's what he made a career doing.
Well, I was going to say that.
Positionally, Scuderi just  we'll go back to the bubble hockey comment.
He was just always in the right lanes, always good stick,
played a very deep thinker of the game,
and if he can translate to that in the coaching,
I think he's going to be extremely successful.
The suit comment got me
because when we were playing in the american league and he'd been sent down to the ontario rain
um he showed up to one of our games with this wool suit that it had a two inch cuff it was a
fucking nightmare and but you know sc, he doesn't give a shit. He doesn't give a shit.
You could have the whole team chirping his suit for a week straight.
He literally would not care one ounce.
No, he would join in on it.
And I'm interested to see if, just to spite us,
he wears the shittiest suits behind the bench. So let's keep an eye on that.
Folks, if you could be sending us in and submitting pictures,
and maybe we could even get him a suit deal.
Yeah, maybe hashtag duds for scuds.
But in Nashville, let's see what these guys have now.
I mean, this roster before the year,
everyone was picking impossible cup champions,
possible Western Conference winners.
I mean, it was on and on.
And like Arvidsson's got nine goals.
He missed games with injury.
That ain't good enough. Kyle
Torres has five. They're paying him
bank. Can Hines get some more
out of some of these guys? Maybe by playing them more
that'll really matter, but
I don't know. It's kind of a weird
scenario there where you think now
this will get them going, and if it doesn't, you wonder
what is the actual cause of
the main issues in this team not being
able to be consistent?
To finish this all off, I don't know if we've done it with the other teams or coaches got fired, but do you guys think that Nashville makes the playoffs?
It's hard to  fuck, man.
I do, but they've got to cop, what, two or three teams right now?
What are they out, five or seven?
Five out right now of the second wildcard spot.
And then the Central Division, they've got to be seven or nine out
if the wildcard's just
I'd say one thing that they do have an advantage with
is they have games in hand, right, R.A.?
Nothing  I mean, they've got one game in hand on Winnipeg,
which they're five points behind for the wildcard,
and actually they don't have any in hand on Dallas who was in front of them in
the central.
So it's going to be tough,
man.
They're going to have to win.
They're going to have to probably go like the rest of the way out.
I don't know,
10 to 12 or maybe more games over 500.
Right.
I mean,
if say they have 40 games left,
dude,
they got to,
they got to go like,
I don't know,
25 and 15, you're thinking?
What they do need is a lot more from their goaltenders.
In the pipes, Pecorine and UC Saros, they have a combined 8, 8, 9 save percentage. That's just not going to get it done, even get you in the playoffs,
let alone once you get to the playoffs.
A few other notes here.
Per the Athletics, Adam Vingen, I'm not sure if I'm saying his name right.
I hope so.
A lot of people thought Peter DeBoer might be in line for this position,
but neither DeBoer or Carl Taylor, who was coaching the Milwaukee team
in the AHL, neither one of those guys were contacted for the job.
As far as special teams, Nashville's power play before Tuesday's game,
their power play was 24th.
Their penalty killing was 29th.
Phillip Forsberg and Matt Duchesne, they lead Nashville forwards
with 28 points each.
Well, that 28 points has them tied for 89th in scoring throughout the league,
just indicative of their scoring was.
What's up, boys?
I thought DeBoer was going to get the call.
I don't know what the thinking was there, of their scoring was. What's up, boys? I thought DeBoer was going to get the call.
I mean, I don't know what the thinking was there, but I think that considering the goaltending's been as bad as it has,
I think that can turn around.
I definitely think that special teams can turn around.
So I think with that roster and some things improving in those categories,
I think that they can squeak in.
Do you not agree, though, that they can squeak in.
Do you not agree, though, that David Poyle's calling Ray Sherrill about John Hines, they've probably talked about him before,
and saying, well, you just gassed him.
I mean, obviously, Ray's saying good things and saying that I didn't
really want to have to do it.
Our team just underperformed, and that was what I was left to do, right?
Right.
It would be very shocking to me if two guys who are close friends,
if one guy shit talk someone,
he could,
and then he still hires them,
you know?
So that,
that just shows that it was kind of a weird scenario in Jersey with the team,
not being nearly as good as what they thought they were going to have because
their coach gets a job pretty quickly after getting let go.
Well,
it's the same thing with Poyle and LaViolette.
Like it's,
it's hard to,
it's like,
Oh,
you know,
the team's underperforming under you and LaViolette's,
well, I can't get a fucking save and our fucking special
well, I guess special teams would be on the coach.
But goaltending, same thing for DeBoer is he couldn't get a save this year
in San Jose to save his life.
So, whatever.
No pun intended.
Yeah, sometimes, you know, sometimes the coach is, of course, the first thing that has to go.
What else have we got?
We kind of spent quite a bit of time on that.
Yeah, actually, there was one other tool, just so we're not killing the goalies here.
This was an interesting number.
While Nashville is sixth in goals per game,
the percentage of goals that are coming from forwards is actually last in the league.
So they're basically not getting enough scoring from up front.
And another note on LaViolette, the Nashville run was the longest tenure
of LaViolette's head coach in career.
And, you know, he had a nice run there.
He led the Preds to the playoffs each of his first five years.
He still had another year left out, 2.5 mil.
So the Preds will be paying him until he gets hired elsewhere.
And obviously LaViolette's going to have his pick of the litter right now.
You know, he led the Preds to a cup final, a president's trophy, the franchise's first two
division titles. And what you kind of alluded to it a minute ago, he's one of just four coaches
to lead three different teams to the Stanley Cup final. And of course, he won it with the 06
Hurricane. So LaVi, good luck to him going forward, but he'll have no problem whatsoever
finding a new gig. And speaking of finding new gigs,
the Carolina Hurricanes added a familiar face to the locker room as they signed Justin Williams to a one-year 700,000 deal
that could be worth upwards of 2 million,
depending on what bonuses he hits.
The bonuses, obviously, team and individual
related to regular season and playoffs.
No real surprise here.
LeBron had teased it the other day.
He also said the Leafs and Bruins kicked the tires on Williams as well.
Biz, what do you got on this one, buddy?
I like it.
Last kick at the can, I'd imagine.
Did he say that this is it?
He didn't expressly say it, no.
But, you know, I mean, if he waited this long,
I can't imagine he's going to do it again next year, right?
I mean, it would be a vet move to pull this stunt again,
get no training camp, check out the schedule.
Like, ah, one of the best trips kicking.
Yeah, sure, I'll join the team.
How many years can I do this, you think?
This is awesome.
Yeah, it's great getting on the European schedule.
But a nice little addition.
We know what he means to that locker room.
And just especially come playoff time,
just such a calming figure to have around.
You know, when when things get
a little hectic he's seen it all he's been in every situation there is so um that's not going
to hurt them and um good thing and they're they're in the east well it all goes back to a relationship
with coach and player and that's why when you saw boston and toronto were trying to i don't know if
they made him offers or were discussing trying to bring him in. It made total sense for both those teams,
but you knew it was going to be Carolina.
And he won a Stanley Cup with his head coach.
I mean, he scored the game-winning goal in 06
when Brindamore raised the cup 20 minutes later.
Empty net goal.
Did I say game-winning?
Either way.
They have a relationship.
I'm sure there's a ton of trust in one another.
And Williams knows, man, we had a good team last year.
I think we're even better this year.
I come back, they slowly get me into the lineup,
and it's a nice little move at the deadline way before the deadline's
actually here.
Absolutely.
Adding something for nothing.
Of course, if you're adding Jester Williams to your squad,
that means playoff bands are going to soon follow,
and you'll want yours to look good,
so you're going to want the Phillips Norelco OneBlade.
All right?
The Phillips Norelco OneBlade is the one tool that will let you trim,
edge, and shave any length of hair with a single pass.
It's easy to use for both face and body.
Good stuff for Miami for the Super Bowl.
It's your style made simple.
OneBlade does it all.
Barstool and Phillips Norelco have teamed up for the Stubble Bowl sweepstakes,
giving one lucky winner a trip for two to party with the Barstool crew in Miami.
Prizes include a trip for two, including round-trip airfare, hotel,
and access to Barstool Radio and VIP tickets to Rough  Rowdy 11 in Miami.
That's always a fun shit show.
So visit barstoolstubblebowl.com to enter and for full terms and conditions
and grab your Phillips  Ruckel OneBlade to get you ready for Miami.
Once again, that's Phillips Norelco's OneBlade.
Check it out.
Go to barstoolstubblebowl.com and you can win a trip to Miami
to party with the crew from Barstool.
Looking forward to that.
What's up, Wed?
Not much.
Not much, dude.
I actually don't know if you had it written down.
I haven't looked over our show sheet that you send
or what we're going to talk about.
But the Red Wings fans singing the Canadian National Anthem
when the mic went out last night was awesome.
I don't know if you guys caught that.
And I've a long time said Canadian National Anthem.
I have a ton of pride in my country.
Canadian National Anthem might be the top anthem out there.
That is a hell of a jam.
I love that song.
So I understand why Detroit being so close to Windsor,
obviously, and fans having passion,
they just went to town and crushed that anthem.
Just thought that was a cool moment.
That was what was on my mind when you could tell something was on my mind.
All right.
Actually, you did bring up Detroit.
I had them a little further down the list,
but did you happen to see, you know, teams do the mom trip some teams do the dad
trips I'm curious how they decide on that but I don't know if you saw in Detroit the moms come
come out and read the lineup card for the game you guys happen to see that clip that was pretty
awesome that's unreal no I didn't see the clip but yeah I think more mom's trips are popping up
because it's always always tradition to do the dad's trip.
So I think all these teams are saying, oh, fuck,
we got to make up for lost time.
Imagine business mom.
She's like, okay, well, not starting, but playing fourth line.
I caught him jerking off nine times one summer.
Number 12, don't get your head punched in, my son, Paulie Bissonnette.
You fucker.
You sounded like Yoli there.
She'll love that.
She'll be like, oh, shit.
That's such a funny impression.
I laughed so hard I ripped my plug out.
Have you guys ever taken part on a mom or dad strip when you played?
I did both. I've told the story of the dad strip
a bunch of times. A lot of funny things go on there.
We did a mom's trip as well with... Talk about night and day huh oh my god well i was like well team
dinners have changed a little bit what'd you talk about with the dads nothing golf no it was so cool
though um because the you know the hockey dad is like that's who gets I'm not going to say all the credit, but, you know, a son and his father.
It's pretty special. But I mean, your mom's just as important.
My mom didn't go to that many games, but just being the person she was being at home with her other brothers.
It's like so cool that it's not just the dads anymore.
And you're right. I don't know how they determine kind of which one they do.
I think maybe every other year or every two or three years
they throw in a mom strip, but it's great.
The Bruins did theirs and had a big win in Nashville, I saw.
Absolutely, yeah.
And it is nice.
It's kind of a full circle thing, too, because, I mean,
these guys don't make it to where they are without their moms,
whatever the role they play, whether driving to practice,
getting them dressed, doing whatever.
So it was a nice little scene.
I would say the big game going back to Tuesday,
I would say Tampa versus Vancouver.
We had a battle of seven game winning streaks.
It was only the second time in NHL history that that's happened
with teams with streaks that long went head to head.
And the Tampa Bay Light, and man, I know there was an article a few weeks back
that said watch out because I can't do the fancy stats well,
but they're going to regress to the mean,
and eventually they're going to turn the corner here.
And I'd say the Tampa Bay Lightning have certainly turned the corner.
They were outside of the playoff bubble looking in not too long ago.
Now they're going to be chasing the Bruins for that fucking top seed
in the division.
When they won three in a row, Merle goes, they're going to win 15 in a row.
And he's been hammering them since.
And I just hopped on two games ago.
So we're going for the 15, but it looks like last year.
Guess who they got next game?
I don't know.
I'm not looking ahead.
I'm just waiting.
The fucking Coyotes.
They're going to fucking steamroll them.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
We got the Coyotes coming to town without a number one goalie.
And Kessel's got nine goals.
Whoop-de-doo, my streak might be over.
Oh, no.
Hey, but fucking Canucks, very streaky team.
Congrats to them on banging out seven in a row.
As far as a lightning concern, RA, I was, I mean,
just from following up and reading on Twitter is analytically people were like
there was no way that people were going to be able to stop this force and
just the way that they're treading.
And right now they're popping off for obvious,
obvious reasons that I really can't explain.
Cause once again, we said it was analytics, but,
but I believe the analytic folk and, and, and this is,
that was an impressive beat down,
put up a nine spot on the Canucks, who have been playing great hockey.
They tied the team record.
I guess nine was the record.
They had a 10th goal called back, but nine was the team record.
And I'm pretty sure it was against the Penguins the year before I got there,
Malone's rookie year.
And LeCavier got a hat trick on the ninth goal or a late goal
and slammed his stick off the glass, had a big celebration.
I don't think Bugsy fought him, but I remember he's like,
ah, I was pissed off at that one.
You're blowing us out.
No need to celebrate.
We don't have to keep diving too farther into it.
One guy that I did want to mention, though,
was Alex Killorn having an incredible season.
He's already got 17 tucks.
And just adding to the depth of that lineup,
I mean the obvious guys are leading the way like Kucherov, Stamkos.
But Killorn right now tied for second in team goals with Stam.
We're at 17.
Braden Point's leading the way at 18.
So look out for them Lightning boys.
And, Biz, you deserve a little bit of credit in that you've never for one second
worried about them this year.
I don't think every time you're like, this is fine, this is what they needed to do.
So you've been,
you've been pretty much right on pace with,
with knowing what's going on with the lightning. So congrats.
Yeah. That's kind of my, I'm all like,
like I always go back to the early season struggles are not a bad thing,
but it's, I mean, I believe it. So that's, it's evident.
We've seen it quite a bit.
Boys Monday night in Toronto,
we got yet another goal of the year
candidate from Connor McDavid.
I mean, this thing was fucking incredible.
He kind of like lulls Morgan Riley to sleep a little bit, looking behind him,
and then he just explodes past him, beats Hutchinson top shelf
as his body's going the other way.
I mean, the call was great.
What a move.
What a play.
What a goal.
And fucking even McDavid looked like he impressed himself after
when he was skating away.
He had this big shitting grin on his face to say, like, holy shit,
I can't believe what I just did when he did the flyby.
And they asked Clefbaum after the game, you know, how do you defend that?
He's like, to be honest, you just lay down and hope he loses the puck,
which I thought was a pretty funny quote.
But, Whit, you must have seen that fucking goal, eh?
You just, you did a perfect job describing it because, first off,
when the game, who's, what's that announcer's name? He usually does Carolina,
right? Is it Forslund?
I think so. I think it was him.
He's great. I'm a big fan
of his. So I saw he was doing the game and then
McDavid comes to his hometown where
I don't think he'd scored a goal in Toronto yet.
That could be completely made up.
But he's in his hometown. Oilers are
drubbing the leaves. He's
looked phenomenal. This goal, dude, was one of the sickest goals I'll ever see in my life.
And the still picture of when he cuts on that right inside edge, his left knees about this
far from the ice. He's so dynamic and low and the ability to look off the entire like ice,
like the way he was coming across the blue line. You said it perfectly. He lulled oh am i gonna hit a trailer and then he knew exactly what he was doing he was gonna cut
back hard he gets those pistons going back on his right skate to cut in and then to actually bring
it from backhand to forehand and go shelf i think even he with the smirk knew that's one of the best
goals i've ever scored in my life i think he was was like, oh my God, that has to look way sicker
on camera than I even understand
because it happened in the blink of an eye.
So the little smirk he had and then the little
skate away from the pile, a little jump in his
step to go through the line on the bench,
I was left dumbfounded
at how he did it. And poor Morgan
Riley, Jesus Christ, fifth overall
pick. I'm speaking to you, buddy. I know
how you feel. I got walked.
Not like that, but you know what?
It's McDavid.
So who gives a shit in the end?
He does it to everyone.
But at the same time, oh, my God, were you posterized.
We're bringing in an NBA term.
That's going to be on his clips for the rest of his life.
Any single time you have a Connor McDavid little clip show, that's making it.
So welcome to the show, Morgan Riley.
And Jesus Christ, what a skater McDavid is. david little clip show that's making it so welcome to the show morgan riley and and jesus christ what
a skater mcdavid is i think we can all sympathize for morgan riley connor hit him with the bam bam
knee drop crushed it up made him snort it and he was
no chance like and that's it must have been it's a blink of an eye from the time he's around him
to just shelf and listen credit to morgan r Riley because I would have torn my ACL again.
And, you know, I think that we should all, you know, lay off him
because everyone in there  who's probably the nicest, smoothest skating defenseman
in the National Hockey League right now?
Carlson?
Still?
Whatever.
Smoothest skating?
I don't know.
Who? I said Rasmus? I don't know. Who?
I said Rasmus Dahlin.
He moves.
Oh, does he?
Well, I tell you what.
He would have even put Dahlin on rollerblades if that was the case
because, R.A., you couldn't have described it any better
with the fact that you said he impressed himself,
and that's what I got out of it when I saw that smirk on his face,
and I was so jealous at how fun the game must be when you're that talented
and you get to just toy with guys out there.
So, Conor McDavid, you are a freak of nature and a pleasure to watch.
And we're done with the stroke-off.
No, the stroke-off's not over quite yet because it's incredible to see.
Like, he's going against Matthews in Toronto.
They had the, obviously, you know, the under 24 young stars team,
whatever they were on, North America.
And you could tell people are trying
to make the comparison, but it's just,
that's not what it is.
It's McDavid, everyone else down.
So he does it in Toronto, his hometown,
against one of the other best in the league.
They just, those guys, they know when to step it up.
They know when the time comes
to do something that'll be remembered forever.
Let's give Morgan Riley a
chicklet's bump. He's going to get a goal next game.
Dude, he's fucking making bank. One of the
nastiest D-men. He's fine. Who gives a shit?
It's McDavid.
The Leafs, they might have lost the game, Biz, but
they've been on a tear, man. Since their coaching
changed, the Leafs lead the NHL in
wins with 15 point percentage
at a 738 plus 26 goal differential, and they've led for 50.4 of their games.
Those numbers are courtesy of Dmitry Filipovich, who wrote a piece on ESPN.
So the Leafs, similar to Tampa Bay, man, look like the Bruins are running away
with that division a few weeks back, but all of a sudden it's the three-horse race
I think we all anticipated at the beginning of the year.
Did you guys see that Nazem Khadri-Lindgren fight
after Lindgren dropped Jonas Donskoi?
That was a nice little scrap.
I don't know if he's caught it or not.
Going back quickly to the coaching change,
I believe it was the fourth best start
to a coaching tenure in hockey history, correct?
I know he won the 15 out of 20 uh i know based on winning percentage so congratulations to that turnaround um and that
dimitri guy great follow on on twitter uh going to the codry thing that uh that's pure definition
of watching the wires cross his teammate got laid out he went over and put an absolute beat down
on that rangers player and i i like it i that's that's that's the game that i like i don't i don't
like the stage stuff but fuck i love that organic shit give me that so let me let me let me talk
about being lion ryan lingren waking up this morning you got your face punched in after you
threw what is now a hit that you're getting a hearing
for. So that's just a tough
shift, a tough moment
in that game in this season for
Ryan Lindgren. Enormous hit.
Oh my God. But hopefully
Dawn scores okay. Did he leave the game? Sorry, I don't
know if you just said that. Does anyone know?
I didn't say. I'm not sure if he did
or not. Well,
yeah, Kadri, as you said, that's the game.
You go up, stick for a teammate,
and it just so happened to go really well for him.
That's the epitome of adding insult to injury right there.
If I can get him rung up and get a hearing.
Oh, I also wanted to mention quickly, I forgot in the Tampa game,
they had a goal in that game.
I'm pretty sure, I don't know what period it was, but it was unnoticed.
And so play went on and went on and went on,
and then they scored again, right?
And this might have been two games ago.
Either way, what happens is, for people who don't know,
the first goal ends up getting reviewed.
That's the goal of the counter.
They had to put all this time back on the clock.
So people don't understand, oh, well,
the four minutes that was played between the first unnoticed goal and the goal that was actually seen yeah that that that stuff goes back
on so i'm such a big fan of maybe the league like blowing the whistle doing something when they
realize it's a goal because in the time that doesn't even matter that isn't even real that
will be replayed people can get injured so i want to throw that out there and what if it goes for
like eight minutes you have to play a 68 minute yeah every guy's like whoa that's what i remember going out for shifts when you think a
goal was in that we were just playing until they finally blew the whistle and checked it you're
like whoa whoa whoa this is fake time i'm not going on i didn't get paid for this this is
what so quick question so if if you were on the bench and you saw that it was a goal and you got
a call from the the because every every team has a guy in the room
who's got all that video footage, and he's usually the one calling the coach
because they have earpieces now.
I guess if you knew it was a goal and he called it down,
one of your players, if play was still going on,
could just flick it out of play and just say, go look at it.
It's a goal, right?
And then it wouldn't be a penalty?
Yeah, I'm just more saying Toronto, just get the guy doing the clock, buzzer down
there and buzz the game down. A player just
grabs the puck and just looks at the ref. He's like,
no, blow the whistle. It's a goal. This isn't even
real time. We're replaying this.
This is inception. Fucking blow the whistle
and review the goal I scored. Yeah,
I agree with.
Boy, KY had another sonking
incident.
At this time, it was funny.
It was a double sonk.
The thing is, I don't know.
I mean, you know his voice the best way.
If he actually yelled sonk the first time or if that was someone in the audience,
because then another sonk came, which was clearly yelled from the audience
that the microphone picked up.
It was Sunday versus Pittsburgh.
Sonk has taken on a life of its own.
The first one, he sonked him hard, and that was Keith's voice.
The second voice, I can't even hear it that well.
That's not as high as the first noise you can hear, right?
No, but you can tell it's not from ice level just because of the way that goes.
The loud one was him.
I'll tell you that for free.
Sank!
And then the guys are just like, oh, shit.
Tough beatdown they put on the penguins but the you know
the home faithful crowd got a got a nice treat from keith yandel yes ah that's fucking hilarious
we got people yelling it during the fucking game now uh on our last episode we did report that
canada defeated russia four to three in the world juniors and uh we also wanted to reiterate that
that was in fact true uh especially to some of our Russian listeners.
They might have been watching TV in Russia because according to
at Slava Malamud, I always hope I pronounce his name correctly.
He provides tremendous insight into Russia and the way things are run
under a dictatorship.
And he said that some stations in Russia were replaying an old junior game.
So people watching thought Russia was winning because he said they don't even
know who some of the players are.
They just see Russia winning, and that's like propaganda.
So they think that fucking Russia actually won.
There are some people in Russia who think that they won the juniors based on.
I could see a guy, like, honestly sitting in his living room with a bottle of vodka,
and he takes a swig, and then he looks, and then he's like, that's my nephew, without saying anything. He looks over. The nephew's next to him with a bottle of vodka and he takes a swig and then he looks and then he's like
that's my nephew without saying anything looks over the nephews next to him with a huge gut he's
like this can't be that what's going on here vladimir oh old tape
you gotta get the right game out there for these people they missed a great one
so so um it wasn't like they were just revisiting it and leading up to the game they just aired it
instead of airing the one that was happening re-airing old clips you gotta yeah i will tweet
out the the well it's a thread i guess we could tweet out the first uh part of the thread and
it's incredible that like i said that this goes on and you know it's 2020 here and everybody has the same technology pretty much unless you live in china and that they're
actually replaying old footage and not only that that people are falling for it but it just goes
to show you the the power of fucking propaganda when everybody wants to take pot and a lie
uh what kind of what kind of shit can happen like we saw in chernobyl biz all right we did we just
got to make sure that we're not spreading lies here,
and it wasn't planned that they were going to air an old one,
because I don't want to hear from Igor,
and I don't want the fucking red dot on my forehead for my trip to Toronto
coming up here.
No.
What else do we got?
You can direct any anger into Slava.
Did you see Larry David commenting on the
Yeah.
Biz, did you hear this?
Oh, yeah.
I sent it to the group.
Oh, my God.
Was that funny?
Mikey, we'll just have you play the clip right now.
I don't need any...
Why did he bench Kako in that third period after he scored...
First goal in 14...
Why do I love hearing him say that?
First goal in 14 games, add an assist.
He benches him because he takes
a bad penalty.
Come on.
That's ridiculous.
But you gotta learn
when you take the bad penalties.
You can't be out there
in these one-goal games.
Every game is important.
I can't believe I'm
breaking down hockey
with Larry Day.
But you think
putting him on the bench
is gonna make him...
You don't think he knows
that he took a bad penalty?
He knows.
Benching him
isn't gonna do anything.
They need another goal.
He's done a good job.
I'm not gonna question Quinn.
Wow.
Homer.
He's 18 years old. You are such a fraud. He's done a good job. I'm not going to question Quinn. Wow. Homer. He's 18 years old.
You are such a fraud.
He won't question his team.
Larry.
I mean, that guy could coach in the NHL.
What a decision.
He's thinking of it.
I'm assuming he's not a huge NHL fan.
I didn't know if he was.
Apologies if he is.
But you have to think that he's just using like standard brain,
like workage.
I can't even say a word right now,
but he's thinking,
why would you bench a guy who just scored for the first time at 14 games?
He already knows he had made the bad penalty.
He already knows he took a bad penalty.
It was perfect.
Like I'm pretty sure he knew he fucked up.
Don't bench him.
He finally got going.
Well,
now saying that,
do you know the history?
Has it been a couple of games in a row where he's taking stupid penalties so that's what i was
wondering as far as what quinn's decision was in order to bench him so there could be a lot more
history that we don't know about because i don't follow them very closely so that's why it was just
i didn't want to base my opinion off what larry david said i just like how he called the guy a
fraud at the end it was very classic lar Larry David. Oh, of the other guy
asking him questions. Yeah, he's just like, sure.
He's like, yeah, fraud.
Yeah, it was on the Michael K show.
I honestly couldn't tell if he was bullshitting
or if he's like a legitimate Rangers fan.
Like if he was just like trolling us and someone
told him to say that because I will say
if Larry David is a puck head, then we absolutely
need to get him on fucking check.
But so any celebrities out there who listen that we don't know about,
tell Larry David we want to talk puck with him.
We were just talking about Ruskies a minute ago, and speaking of Russians,
Alexander Ovechkin tied Temu Solani for number 11 on the all-time NHL
goal scoring list at 684.
It took Ovi 323 fewer games than Timu.
That's pretty impressive.
Next up for Ovi is a guy you might have heard of
before, Mario Lemieux.
Mario's 10th on the list with 690.
Then you get Stevie Y
and Messier within sight. So there's a pretty
good chance that Ovechkin will end the
season the top eight goal scorers ever.
We've been talking about it.
Every time he scores
man we got to update the people because he's going to be chasing this record and uh before we send it
over to marty turco we do want to send our congratulations to leafs equipment manager
brian papino he worked his 25th hundredth game behind the leafs bench the other night
uh we've had a few of these guys reach this milestone this year and he's the latest so we
want to send him a heartiest congratulations for a job well done.
But without further ado, we're going to send it over to our pal,
Marty Turco.
Our next guest is a goalie who played 543 games for three different
franchises over 11 NHL seasons, most famously here in Dallas.
He played in three All-Star games and was a Vezina finalist
and a second-team All-Star in
2003, second to
the other, Marty Brodeur. That's not too shabby.
He also won a pair of national championships
while at Michigan. That's where the Not a Big Deal
kicks in. Welcome to the Spittin' Chippets
podcast, Marty Turkle. Thank you, guys.
Appreciate you having me, man. I didn't even
know that. Thank you for bringing that in. Two of them.
Two of them. Those teams were wagons.
Probably more impressive was that we went to four Final that in. Two of them. Those teams were wagons. Probably more impressive
was that we went to four Final Fours
every year we went.
Were you there the year in Cincinnati when the ice
melted? Yeah. Was that against BU?
It was the first.
It happened during the first semifinal
game, which would have been Colorado College
and Vermont. So St. Louis
and Timmy Thomas
and some knucklehead broke the Freon pipe.
Like, wow, when they used to drill.
Yeah, when they were drilling the hole.
Like a real drill.
And so this was in 1996.
And so for that whole area of the ice, there was no
Was there a pile on out there?
So they finished that game.
Yeah, it was me when I was at BU.
So they finished that game, and then we were supposed to play like at 7, 730.
We didn't start until 9-something.
And it was the only time ever in my career, in my life playing hockey,
that I can recall where we, at 10-minute mark of the first period,
the horn went, and we flipped ends.
Because right at that spot of the goal, it was really mushy,
and they had packed it all, and they brought out the fire extinguishers,
trying to keep it nice. And then, anyway, we ended up finishing the game, and was really mushy, and they had packed it all, and they brought out the fire extinguishers trying to keep it nice.
And then, anyway, we ended up finishing the game, and obviously we won.
I mean, as a goalie, you're probably pretty happy because at least one end,
you're probably not going to be getting many shots.
You guys are sinking.
No, but he played the puck.
He was probably rattled.
He's like, dude, this affects my game.
I didn't stick around the net too much.
It was, you know, it wasn't my job.
My job was to win the game.
That's what I'd like to have.
There we go.
Freshman year, you lost in the semis to Maine, a triple overtime.
Triple overtime.
Classic game.
Now, do you remember that loss as much as you remember the national championships?
Because we have cup winners on all the time,
and they say, I remember the cup loss more than I remember the win.
Without a doubt.
I get an opportunity to speak in front of kids and corporations a lot.
It's one of the things I bring up.
It is the losses. It's those moments of falling down. Part of what's know, it's one of the things I bring up. It is the losses, you know.
It's those moments of falling down, you know,
part of what's wrong with a little bit of the culture these days.
It's like, hey, man, you got to fall down and scrape your knee
to know what it feels like.
So you don't want to stop falling down, man.
And without getting picked up by four people around you.
Just get up on your own.
Spray on it, you know, whatever.
But I'll tell you, that loss was so instrumental just in my whole career.
It was that game that I learned what it meant to be a Michigan man.
Up at that point, freshman year, I was playing.
Ray Berenson had me in there.
I almost played every game.
We got to the national championship, semifinals.
You lose, triple overtime.
Dan Schermerhorn deked me out.
I think I was going for my 19th po-check of the game,
but I finally figured it out.
But anyway, after the game,
the seniors were taking off the Michigan jersey for the first time,
or for the last time.
And then in my head, I'm like,
oh, I got three more cracks at this, right?
But watching them have a hard time taking off that jersey,
knowing they'll never put it on again.
It was right then.
Then I was all in at that point.
What is a Michigan man exactly?
We hear Portnoy talk about it all the time.
Well, the football team is not giving you much to be proud of these days.
Well, you know, sometimes you got to look at the top when that happens.
A Michigan man for us was, you know, embedded in us by Red Berenson,
who embodies what a Michigan man really is.
You know, for us it was education and being a good he always said you know you'd
be a good son you'd be a good boyfriend you'd be a good husband and be a good father when it comes
time um those are things that matter the rest of the rest is easy to figure out and so he put a lot
more stock as a michigan man into being a good teammate did you it was important did you expect
it to be that intense before you got there like when you when you went on your visit were you were you whipped into shape so to speak or was
that first year that really that experience uh it took some whipping it took uh it took more than
even the one year uh we never stopped learning when you when i was there when we were there
um that guy was like just such a mentor and still is to this day like he's still ripping off setups
and push-ups in the
sauna um he's you know he's 80 some years old he still skates like anyway he's he's the man so we
we were constantly learning but i was scared to death to go there honestly um steve shields was
he was the all-time winningest record holder before i got there they were going to final
fours and they had great teams all all Americans, but they never won.
And so Red's like, you know, you're coming here to win.
And so there's a lot of pressure, but learning just never stopped.
From Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario.
They had the Greyhounds at the time there.
Yeah.
Were you a late bloomer?
Yeah.
What happened?
What happened?
Did they pass up on you?
Yeah.
Would you have gone to the O?
Yeah, for sure.
Oh, shit.
Well, I mean, I totally got lucky.
I was a late bloomer.
I wanted to play for the Greyhounds.
I mean, that's a small city.
We had Greyhounds living with us.
We were a billet family.
So when I was a little tyke, you know, with no hair anywhere um we had your idols yeah but
they're men you know they're 17 18 19 years old live in my house i've never seen men eat that
much food and i was like went to a lot of games uh knew a lot of them and as you know as i got
older in high school i had guys my age that play in the ohl i just wasn't good enough so i never
got drafted to the oh and as i started blooming and midget, a chance as an 18-year-old,
I never got invited to camp. And finally, when I was good enough and they did invite me, I gave
them the old FU. I went to camp with Oney and Sylvain Cloutier, Roman Durer, and Bertuzzi was
there in Guelph. I went to the Guelph Storm Camp. And I stayed my 48 hours. And at this point,
I was offered a scholarship by Michigan
Tech. I said, no, I'm out of...
It was all overwhelming. Went to their Canada
Cup and all that. Anyway, long story
short, I went to... Did 48 hours. I was by
myself. You know, had no agent, had no
advisor or whatever. I walked up.
I wish I knew the gentleman's name. He was the GM
of the Guelph Storm at the time. So this
was in 1993, I think.
And I went up there after my 48 hours,
and I said, and he goes,
hey, we'd love to have you play on the team.
You made it.
And I said, okay, just be honest with me.
I said, so what I'm doing here is the next two years,
I get to beat out Sparky MacArthur, who was my age.
He was a starting goalie.
And I got to get an NHL contract.
And he's like, honestly, pretty much that's what you're doing here.
And I was like, thank you for your honesty. See see you later i'm going to one of these scholarship things and
that's what i said pretty mature decision dude yeah that's crazy but but i was 18 i just turned
18 so you know kids have to make decisions now it's 16 you know i mean parents i think end up
screwing it up most of the time and they think fastest way in the nhl is the way to go and i
think the ohl still is great i mean some of my best friends in the world all play junior hockey.
And there's nothing against it.
Just for my personal experience, having an education, now retiring, right?
You're like, oh, it's nice to look back and have four years at Michigan
when you enter the business world.
I think that unless it's a kid like Connor McDavid or something
where you know it's top five, say, first overall,
and he's going to be in the NHL.
I think college is the way to go.
But I wouldn't argue either way.
It depends on who you ask, what people think.
But go ahead.
I was going to say I got one more question about him growing up.
Were you always good at handling the puck?
No.
How did you learn that?
Well, I was good with a regular stick.
But as a goalie stick, you got to think, in the 80s, early 90s, A, I wasn't big enough. I wasn't even five feet going to high school. So I was good with a regular stick, you know, but as a goalie stick, you got to think, you know, in the 80s, 90s, like early 90s,
A, I wasn't big enough.
I wasn't even 5 feet going into high school, so I was tiny.
You were under 5 foot?
Going into high school, even when I went to college as 19,
I was still 5'10", 154.
So I just wasn't strong enough to move the puck.
And, you know, we don't have sticks like you do today, right?
Like, you know, I didn't have gloves broken in,
and so it wasn't till really college that um
i got strong enough and got you know better equipment and i started really moving it
and then really made a difference when i turned my hand over playing the puck and then that was
then the rest was who taught you that or you just figured it out it was the first one
no way yeah no i don't get any credit don't need any but this is the way to get some
i don't think our goal is's on our team, though.
I mean, I think probably, what, 99 of the goalies in the world
play with their hand flipped over.
I'll tell you why I did it.
You know, you imagine, you know, you got you guys rimming it around,
but you're on your backhand.
And as a goalie, you know, you got your hand underneath.
You just got that catching glove, right?
And I kept whiffing on it, going off my toe.
And finally, I just turned my hand over, jammed it into the boards,
and then I flipped my hand back over and played it.
And then we introduced a port checker to the drill.
This was college.
And then I had to play really fast, so I did it with my hand over.
I was like, ooh, sugar, that's money.
And all of a sudden, I had a backhand that I could put in the glass.
And then my dispersion rate went from maybe 30 degrees to 100 plus.
So then I could move and dangle with the puck.
And it was a game changer for me.
So that's when it started.
It was just all by happenstance.
And also one key little factor.
I don't believe there was a delayed game back then.
So if you did, in fact, go over the glass, you were okay, right?
Fucking Turco, stop ripping it over the glass, bud.
I told someone this yesterday because we were watching.
Someone got hit in the crowd, a puck went in the crowd.
I was like, I remember hitting people.
Not on purpose.
I mean, I cut this guy open at Yost in Michigan one time.
I hit him right in the face.
He wasn't looking.
Bleed blood everywhere.
I'm like, oh, my God.
How am I going to play now?
That's in Michigan, man.
I didn't feel that bad, Rick.
Should have been paying attention. Yeah, I shouldn't have been standing there. I'm sorry. I don't know, how am I going to play now? That's a Michigan man. I didn't feel that bad, right? Should have been paying attention.
Yeah, I shouldn't have been standing there.
I'm sorry, I don't know this.
Did you score a goal?
No.
Did you come close?
Yeah.
A couple just missed that.
I think I tried four times, like, legit in my career.
I was like, how's this?
You got to be up two goals then, correct?
Well, that's the thing.
Like, I'm not that.
Some guys would.
Like, my buddy, Mike Smith.
I mean, tie game, he's going for it. Smitty don't care. And, I'm not that. Some guys would. Like, my buddy, you know, Mike Smith. I mean, tie game.
He's going for it, you know.
Smitty don't care.
And he scored, you know.
But probably the greatest one I had, I got my first shutout in Boston.
Eddie wasn't with the team.
And then we went to New York.
And Eddie was supposed to play, and he left, whatever.
And so I got to play against the Rangers.
And I just had my first shutout against the Bruins in my first year,
and we're winning 2-1 in the Garden.
I made like 37 saves.
I'm like first dog, ready to go, and it's the perfect scenario.
Puck, just like a turnover.
Everybody's coming my direction, and it's at the bottom of the circle,
right on my left side, and I'm like this is  and I let it rip.
And I'm like perfect and then peter nedved
jumps up at the red line no it knocks it out of the air i'm like what's the chance of that
happening i don't want in i you know i put a lot of money to say was going in if not i would
be really darn close he just didn't want the minus uh let's chat my ass but i think i tried
maybe one other time a few times like you know between legs and stuff just off a face-off,
but never really came close other than that one.
It would have been a career changer.
You already mentioned Dallas.
Hitch was your first NHL coach.
Yeah.
I wrote down whenever I bring his name up to former players,
they always kind of smile or laugh like you just did.
What was your experience with him like?
Well, I really didn't have him that much,
so my experience was great because I got to watch those two cup runs.
I was the third goalie for Black Ace by both those teams.
And the first year, I could mimic some goalies, you know,
so I could do a grand fury even though I was in the wrong hand,
which was my favorite to do.
How to do Patrick Waugh, which, you know,
turning over the puck is no problem for me.
Oh, no no shots fired no you gotta you ask him he was he was so unbelievable right the series of colorado dallas were the best uh i remember sitting in the crowd or over eating because
i'm like you gotta watch this man this series is unreal and but you know our play was to give him
the puck because he he'd turn it over all the time so put it on his stick and And then we played Hashtag in the finals that year, and Hitch made me.
He comes over to me.
He's like, hey, go to the net and lay down.
So I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, no problem.
So I started skating away.
I stopped.
I'm like, what does he really mean?
So I went back.
I'm like, what do you mean lay down?
He's like, fucking lay down.
Just lay down.
I want the guys to learn to shoot high.
I'm like, they know how to shoot high.
Trust me.
Did you watch warm-up 10 minutes ago?
Ripping them off my beans, dude.
So anyway, I go lay in there, do a double pad stack.
I'm just laying in the net, and these guys are coming out of the corner, right?
You can just imagine how this goes.
They come out of the corner, catch a pass, and shoot it.
They're eye-rolling, too.
It's like, this is a stupid drill, but I'm the idiot laying on the ground.
And all of a sudden, they get bored with the drill, so it becomes catch it, slapper, one off the can,
I'm taking one up near the neck, I'm getting choked.
And then they start one-timing it, and I'm like, fine.
And anyway, Joe Nunez came over and he's like, get up.
This is embarrassing.
He's like, this drill's over.
So that was my one hitch.
But really, for the most part, I didn't talk to Hitch because Eddie played most of the games in our tenure together.
But really, for the most part, I didn't talk to Hitch because Eddie played most of the games in our tenure together.
But I knew when I was about to play because he'd, like, say good morning to me, like, three days before my start.
Call my wife and I'm like, I think I'm playing this week.
Hitch said hi to you. Were you shocked the first time you saw him have one of his fuck you battles with one of his players?
Oh, my God.
After playing under red for so long?
Yes, because it went from, you know, zero to 60 real fast.
I was like, this is the NHL?
And a Stanley Cup championship team?
But it was part of his beauty, man.
That guy's a brilliant dude.
He'd know that he didn't play the game.
The guys wouldn't respect him on that,
and he just made everybody hate him.
Or as long as they were doing it together in the bitching and then he was so methodical.
He knew what he was doing every single time.
Ironically enough, with all the coaching stuff that we've had to talk about,
Hitch is never a guy I think anyone would bring up
because it was all about just getting the team to play good
and he didn't care everyone hated him.
But he wasn't personal or anything.
He'd just be all over you if you turned it over in little things, I felt like.
Absolutely.
My short time with him. He's like the guy just tapping you in the forehead you
know he's like annoying and you know and when the big the big wheels would yell at him so that let
everybody else yell at him and i remember looking over morrow you know our first couple years and
i'm like man this could really jade us for the rest of our career dude let's not pay attention
to it but it was it was it was quite comical man he got right into it the guys but uh he took it all in stride we kind of skipped over your time in the minors you spent
two years in the ihl i was gonna ask him that biz it's funny you just said that i was gonna say did
you know by the end of the second year like i'm i'm this is pretty easy for me down here i'm gonna
at least get a chance i'm not easy but i was. You know what I mean, though. You can tell when you're ready for a next level.
I didn't play a game in the NHL until I was 25.
You know, that took me a long time.
In college, you know, I was a year later than most.
Four years.
Four years, two years in the minors.
Got called up sometimes, never played a game, though.
So by the end of the year, you know, looking back at your career,
it's like, man, I thought i was pretty good at times right and
and then i'm like man i was so fortunate like so when i turned pro we had eddie roman turk who was
unbelievable maybe the best practice goal i've ever seen i'm like he didn't move and he couldn't
get scored he was a silly cider wasn't he yeah he was wrong-handed um awesome guy and then manny
fernandez was in our system he man i was like looked at him i'm like
man that guy looks like a goalie i'm like i wish i looked like that when i got on the ice he moved
unbelievable mike bales was in uh was my teammate in kalamazoo they were stacked at that position
yeah there daryl ray was ahead of me on the depth chart too he's our you know still doing color for
us he was practice goalie i'm like am i ever gonna see any shots might be the best color guy in the
league too yeah he might be the best color guy in the world yeah he's so he makes the
game fun he's the best and you're still playing you know he's practice goalie so he had some value
back then so anyway um roman turk we traded out if we won the cup um because his expansion was
happening that's right yeah wouldn't want to be able to protect him to get something for him and
then the next year manny finanandez won the expansion draft to Minnesota.
So after my second year in the minors, I'm looking around.
I'm like, there's no one left.
My competition just got gunned down.
So not only that, before I ever played a game, I had a one-way deal.
Because that silly rule in the CBA that says after your third year,
and you are 25, and you haven't played 30 games in ahl
you're unrestricted so before that season um this is the only time in my life that my
august birthday helped me out so at the end of that year i still would have been 25 come july 1
and i hadn't played one game and so so they and they were pretty pretty much like you're taking
what we're giving you but
it's still going to be way more than it would have been yeah but i was you know probably you
know i signed my qualifying offer that summer and they told me not to you know that's my only
bargaining ship was to have a deal and but i was automatically you know like 10 but two way
and so actually i signed it on my in the receiving line my agent came through you know we're doing
shots of zambuca up in sault Ste. Marie. And he pulls out.
I'm like, hey, didn't they tell us not to sign?
He's like, F them, man.
We're signing anyway.
So right in my receiving line, I signed that deal.
And then the night before the season started,
I signed a three- or one-way deal.
Don't ever play in a game.
That's wild.
What were the guys saying in the locker room?
They must have just given it to you.
Yeah.
They're like, you know, it was like day before.
No newser, no press release or anything.
Then the guy's like, wait a minute, how much are you making there?
I mean, I think I was still making 400 and something.
Not too shabby.
But the third year, they argued, like, oh, we want a team option.
And I ended up backfiring on them because they took the option that third year
and that was my year I had the low goals against. Oh and oh man you said you set a national hockey league record at
the time i think it was 1.74 goals against average well give me some credit 1.72 you're really close
i'm not the stat guy that's with you know the coolest thing about that um i mean is this a
great year is like my platform year But I broke the record
Tony Esposito had it
Oh no shit huh
And he's a Sioux guy
Oh really
Same hometown
So I got a really cool letter
That he wrote
You know
Congratulations
I'm glad a Sioux guy
Broke the record
That he set in like the 70s
Or something
Not to burst your bubble
I think somebody beat it
Like a year or two later
Maybe it was Mika Kripov
Yeah
Kripov beat it the next year
He only played 30 games
So it's like
Oh yeah
Big fat Big fat asterisk beside that.
Game 27, 30 period.
The minimum, what was the minimum?
It had to be like 30.
It might have been 25.
Oh, that's kind of bullshit.
25 or 30.
It should be 40, 45 maybe.
Yeah, at least half.
What was it like coming into the league, though?
And I'm not even going to ask about backing up Ed Belfort.
I'm more curious about a guy like Brett Hull who is like, hey, young rookie,
I'm going to shoot it at your head if I feel like it, right?
I mean, you must have got tortured by those older guys.
I loved it.
I did.
I loved Madonna, Zuboff, and Hulley because they had bombs.
But what I  I mean, I was just a quick guy, right?
I'm not a big dude.
So I could catch up to them.
And what I like playing against them because wherever they were aiming,
it was going.
So if they were aiming top glove, it was going top glove.
If they were aiming at my shoulder, it was going to hit me in the shoulder.
So to read it was a goalie's dream.
You just had to be ready.
I mean, Holly would shoot from outside the blue line,
and you had to be ready.
I mean, pretty much goalie stance and ready to go.
It was just a missile.
It was  loved it. So one time he was struggling, though, pretty much goalie stance and ready to go. It was just a missile. It was, loved it.
So one time he was struggling with Noah Hulley,
and he actually was great to me.
You know, the night I got engaged,
he set me up at a restaurant with my girlfriend at the time,
not wife, and he was awesome.
I loved his BS in the locker room.
Like, he is just so funny.
I mean, as long as he's not talking about you, you're good.
So one time he was struggling, and Rick Wilson, our assistant coach,
he's like, hey, kid, make sure you're ready before practice tomorrow.
So we go out there with Hully.
And, I mean, we are at the bottom of the circles,
and he's passing it from the corner.
And between the bottom of the circles and the dot right there,
and he's just one-timing them.
And he starts short side wide, and he And he's just one time. And he, and he starts, he starts short side wide and he's like,
just,
just go down.
And then all of a sudden,
just like he started narrowing the scope and man,
else on tink,
tink,
tink,
tink,
tink.
And as getting real close and you're here,
let's take a break.
And I was like,
Hey,
Mr.
Hall,
that was pretty close to my head.
He's like,
I haven't fucking hit you yet.
And I'll be honest.
I don't think you ever hit me in the head once.
Come on.
That accurate. He, I've come on that accurate I've never seen
anybody like it
not even close
how accurate
that guy's shot was
you see some
of the old highlights
you're like
I mean these goalies suck
right they don't go down
he can shoot on the ice
I mean he just
picking corners
plus he had that
such a whippy stick
that he could get it off
anywhere
you know two feet
behind him
two feet in front of him
I mean he's going
to play golf with him
you're like okay this makes sense.
The guy is so, like, his high-end coordination is just off the charts
and big legs, and, I mean, his old man can bring it, and so could he.
I feel like we're going to be able to ask you about all these guys,
and you're going to have these little stories.
You coming in under Ed Belfort, you know, was he a chatty guy?
Was he kind of the one?
Okay.
Not too chatty.
Did he see you as a threat?
At the beginning, when I was third goalie you know cup runs the guys he i mean i had a great seat to watch him he might have been
the best he was the best goal in the world and it was really cool because he mowed down he went
went uh it went sallow fear wah hashik then went sallow
uh i think we played San Jose.
Maybe Steve Shields.
Nothing against Shieldsy.
Michigan guy, right?
Yeah.
And then I went back to Waugh and then Berdur.
And, man, he total-tolled all of them and beat most of them other than that last series.
So he was unbelievable, and he was really good to me then.
He's not a chatty guy.
And then when I started backing him up.
And, I mean, dude, before I ever played my first game,
I was with the Stars organization for probably eight months total
between camps, call-ups, cup runs.
So I knew everybody.
I knew the media.
I knew the wives.
I knew girlfriends.
I knew the whole staff.
Like, he's a lot of downtime in the playoffs after two months straight.
And we did it two years in a row.
And everyone knew about you one way.
Yeah, the one way, too.
So everybody liked me, and he didn't like that.
And so he ended up moving my stall one time.
I tell a story in front of him all the time too.
So I came back after my first year in the NHL,
and there's only two goalie stalls, right, to fit all the equipment.
And he had the equipment guy move me to the other side of the pillar
so he couldn't see me.
So now I'm like, I'm putting all my gloves and stuff on top of uh you know
balancing out with my mask i'm like come on man so so you guys laugh about all this now and i mean
some people just they have to remain that competitive spirit and it's you know it's a
bit cutthroat it's a business oh yeah man it's you know when i went to chicago tony i was like
hey man don't give up your net, right?
I was taught differently in Michigan.
Like I'm bred to be a good teammate.
That's just my style.
I'm a giving person.
I'm very outgoing.
And some guys aren't.
I don't have a problem with them.
It never bothered me once.
That's just not who I was.
But he was unbelievable.
And then at the end, he wasn't playing good.
And then we didn't resign him, and I became the starter.
But I was so proud of him when he went to Toronto.
Like, that's my favorite time of him.
The Keaton gear he had, the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and had some playoff runs.
So it was fun to play against him the first time,
but I was proud of him, really proud of him to this day,
what he's doing.
Wasn't there a rumor about him when he got to Toronto
and they asked him to do fitness testing and ride the bike is that is that a true story
the guy and he said there's no bike in my crease and walked out
i just want to believe yeah let's pretend it's all true i believe it so there had to be some
like fuck you dallas when he went to to Toronto and still had a lot of game.
So they were the ones that said, no, you're out of here.
Yeah.
We missed the playoffs that year, his last year.
So that was the year that Bob Ganey fired himself, fired Hitch.
And then, you know, they wrote Eddie right to the end.
We didn't make the playoffs.
And I was like.
Now, he was 36, you know, unrestricted to beat.
Did that create a lot of tension?
You were basically stealing his job with your play.
I know you said he moved his locker, but was there personal tension between you two, or was it just like...
No. I mean, I didn't feel it,
right? And I wouldn't let it.
I could have probably let it eat at
me, but that's just not my demeanor,
you know? Do you think it kept you on your
toes, though, and made you better? Oh, yeah.
I mean, part of it's like saying, hey, maybe he's trying to make it hurt, or that's just him. you think it kept you on your toes though and made you better oh yeah i mean that's part of it's like saying hey you're not maybe he's trying to make make it hurt or that's
just him i think it was just his personality wasn't a chatty guy anyway um but i just think
that was more who he was and i was you know every day i walked in there i made sure i said i don't
know were you uh i found him like hey more than that are you done were you on the team when um
i'm sorry to go back to hitch but i forgot are you done? Were you on the team when, I'm sorry to go back to Hitch, but I forgot to mention this, but were you on the team when he kicked
Madonna and Hull off the ice in practice and then they were at the golf course?
Yeah.
I was down in Miami.
They kicked him off and it happened more than once.
But the one time, the first time that ever happened,
Hully just said no.
And he's just like, get off the ice, you know.
And Hully's like, he said, no, I'm not leaving.
And he couldn't actually kick him off because he could barely skate
out there he wasn't doing so well he wouldn't
even go to the other they had to move the board over
to the bench side he got pretty good
actually but he's over
his career was he out there with the skating coach
no
no not at all but he so
Holly said no but the one time
they had they had they were going to go play golf,
and so they were trying to get kicked off.
Come on.
They'd be like warm-up drills, and then Holly just shoot in the corner
from the red line, and Hitch is like, kick off.
And then they didn't say anything.
They just skated right off.
Four minutes later, you saw both of them walking out with golf shirts on
and waving at the boys.
I'm like, who's the smart ones now madonna's
version i heard too is that they hitchcock called he called one of them i'm pretty sure
and and he's like hey i shouldn't have kicked you off you guys all right he's like yeah we're
great we're great it's no worries buddy then i was a teen off on seven to four yeah they got
they got out of the i saw i forgot about that we were another thing
were you in mighty ducks what were you in the movie mighty remember when they played that was
the minnesota north stars oh shit that was like i thought it was a dallas donald donald
grinnell's gonna have to help me out here we're gonna we're not gonna put that that one's not
getting caught what about what do you remember about maul i mean besides just the the type of
player he was the jersey flapping in the wind but game came easy to him huh everything did he put a
everything did you're right football in his hands like he's mr perfect he just looked like uh i mean
he's got a two-round v golf swing honestly yes and he could beat it remember he used to have this
forward and i'm like dude why you pull your driver? He hit this forward 275.
He is, man.
He's just an unbelievable athlete, just a good dude.
He probably doesn't ever remember sucking at anything.
No, no.
But he was great, man. He was really fortunate.
Today's game, if you're that good and there's more expectations on you
because the league is young mike is a younger
player i mean i i've heard him say he we just douse we had so many older players and leaders
you know so he could just go out there and play and we had tough guys around him too and
and so he was just man he was magical to watch like every day i mean sometimes i just
sitting there watching i'm like staring at him right
i'm probably drooling outside my mouth like jersey flapping whole deal then i'm like oh
shit he's shooting on me so i had to pinch myself a few times but uh he was great with me that that
year that i um was about to play my first year uh we just got married and uh i stayed at his house
for six weeks for training camp and all that. So he was a good dude.
Man, no one slept like this guy, though.
That's what I remember.
I mean, he'd sleep for 14 hours, and he'd take a three-hour nap.
I'm like, my back's sore just thinking of it, you know?
Was he easily the most skilled teammate you had?
Yeah, he was just easy. I mean, I've been on the record saying that Zuboff was the best player.
I was just going to bring him up.
And it's been really poignant just because he went in the Hall of Fame
and he's starting to work for us now.
He's just an anomaly.
Like, he'd go down on the ice and he'd just shake his head
and guys would break their ankles, you know.
So I had a great treat, man.
Those two guys would pass the fucking warm-ups in practice
and then they'd throw Morrow on the line.
It was like they'd just laugh, right?
If Holly, Medano, zuby passing it to them and then more over there just grenades coming off the stick
man you can't handle those guys's passes when he was a young kid but uh he was the term of a young
buck and he did it and uh anyway he had a heck of a career but zuby man he was just zuby ripped
darts didn't he too oh yeah yeah i love cigarettes i love it you head fake it and then smoke them all about a light in your face after he scored.
And then play 30 minutes, take two-minute shifts, and never be out of breath.
I'm like, dude, Red Army, go.
I want to go back to your rookie year for a minute with Belfort.
Like you said, he's a decade older than you.
He didn't talk much, but did he lay any ground rules down for you from the get-go?
Like, all right, kid, don't do A, B, C, or D, or make sure you don't do this, any of that shit?
Yeah, you know, before I ever played, and it was after the Cup, I believe,
he's just like, always have respect.
And I probably didn't know what he meant at the time, but I learned quickly.
And so everybody gave him a space.
And when the game was on the line, man, that guy was money.
And so whatever else came with him, you know, we all have baggage, right?
Yeah.
So guys were trainers, coaches, us, you know, you let them whatever you needed to do.
Because come game time, the guy was on.
He didn't practice that much.
It was great for me as a third goalie.
Oh, really?
He would take a bunch of days off.
He would probably practice a total of 50 minutes during both cup runs.
I mean, maybe a little more than that, but honestly, he would just be rarely out there.
I mean, he had a bad back, and he was getting a little bit older,
so he's like, hey, man, I'll be there for puck drop.
What else do you need me to practice?
It was awesome for me.
I got all the time in the world in that.
Going to playoffs, you had a couple great seasons,
but you guys ran into those Colorado teams.
Yep. They weren't even that good we just sucked it was back-to-back years we lost in the first round correct it was the lockout in the middle so so it didn't feel as bad but um we had
good we had good teams there was a good rival we lost in five i think both times one year i wasn't
very good the other year was just shit luck and we sucked so uh i remember after the second one my mom was a hairdresser and so she always like you
know my hair done and you know italian guy right after that she was at the house we went out with
the team we got pretty banged up woke up in the morning and i'm like where's your clippers and i
shaved my head i was like something's got to change man like we can't lose the colorado two years in
a row like two back to back and uh shaved my head Like, we can't lose to the Colorado. Two years in a row, like, two back-to-back.
And I shaved my head, and I had a shaved head for the rest of my NHL career,
which is another whatever years.
Really?
And then my mom got sick, and so I grew my hair back.
And anyway, she passed away, but I was like, grew my hair back for my mom.
But that's Super Colorado series anyway.
Back to that.
Well, then the year, though, Detroit beat us in Pittsburgh in the cup final.
They were so loaded.
You got to the Western Conference Finals and ran into them, right?
Yeah.
That team was stacked.
They were even better the next year when Pittsburgh beat them.
Yeah.
They were  it unfortunately wasn't a great series.
Morrow was hurt after that big hit in the round before
when we beat San Jose in quadruple overtime here
to go to the Western Conference Finals, Morrow had a big hit.
He wasn't the same.
Ribeiro was hurt.
Brad Richards, I think his hand was like, you know,
basically a bunch of excuses.
But I've never beaten Detroit going into that in Detroit.
I think I was 0 for like 12 going into that game with a bunch of ties
before there was
You had success at the Great Lakes Invitational, I'm sure, right?
A couple times.
So anyway, we ran into that Detroit team, and we were down 3-1,
had to go to Detroit.
It was an afternoon game, and I never won in Joe Lewis.
I mean, as a pro.
And I'm like, oh, God.
Anyway, I was a four-star.
I think I had two points.
Caught the win. It was the only time I ever won I'm usually at
Joe Lewis I was
eating little Caesars by the end of the second
period Tip is like you're out again
yeah you had Tip I had Tip
as well Tip's the best man he was awesome
great players coach you're happy to see him
get another job obviously yeah I was
I thought his gig
for the Seattle expansion team was going to be awesome for him,
but you could just tell he didn't.
He was itching.
Yeah, a little bad taste probably left leaving Phoenix.
We want to get back in there.
Oh, he's a competitive guy.
People don't really, he just wants in.
And like you said, it was probably going to be too long,
and then I think the opportunity to coach McDavid is something you can't pass up.
Well, I will say it's right before new year's right now and the oilers are not exactly playing great they got to get things figured out you mentioned a guy who um is isn't known by enough
hockey players i think for how great of a career he had and a star's legend brennan morrow and like
would you not say people kind of underestimate the career he had and and basically
i don't think he gets mentioned off and i think he's similar to shane doan and the way they played
and how they treated teammates he just strikes me as a great guy yeah you're you're bang on
and all fronts he doesn't get enough credit and i always say i mean he's he's you know he's one of
my best friends we we were roommates when we were young, live on the same street. Our kids are all around the same age.
Our wives hang.
So I spend a lot of time with him still to this day.
And probably his greatest attribute turned out to be his worst, which is his toughness.
The guy played through injuries and pain that most
Yeah.
That probably shortened your career.
And it did for sure. didn't shorten his golf career
though that guy still plays yeah he's a shit ton holy nikes but he uh he was the toughest cookie
i've ever seen man and um you know i remember one day he got stepped on and someone tried to skate
on his arm and uh didn't work out for him he severed two tendons um two more um were just
totally gone and you just tell the way
he was getting off the ice i'm like man that's something really wrong with this guy and i went
and i couldn't i don't know probably letting two goals but i was trying to get the period over to
go see how my buddy was doing and yeah just white in the face and in shock and i was like man oh
man it's like just remember grabbing him by the hair and be like man you'll be fine then i go play
you know i was like, seriously distraught.
Happened in Chicago.
Anyway, the guy is super tough.
He finished with 994 games is my guess.
I mean, I really love to see the Stars sign him and just play him for six games.
People might think that doesn't matter, but it just fucking
You're so close.
But an organizational standpoint, too, is you only have a certain number of contracts.
No, I'm not saying that.
I mean, personally.
Yeah, of course.
Come on.
Of course.
Even halfway through the season or something, just to fucking
I mean, Christ, dude, if I could play in the NHL, an out-of-shape Morrow could have.
There are so many guys who used to play for the Stars who are now living here.
The minor program must be getting better and better and better.
Oh, you guys would be  everybody would be shocked.
They'd hear, oh, is there Hocking Dallas?
I'm like, Hocking Dallas?
It's like we  the team, we own and operate 16 sheets ourselves,
and they are full.
We could have another 16, I promise you,
and they would be packed till midnight.
That might be one of the best NHL...
Not even close.
No one touches that.
Right?
I mean, that is...
No other NFL, NBA...
And it's full.
Oh, full.
Wow.
Not even close.
We've had 3,000 people in the last four years
play adult hockey.
Never mind the kids.
So we run all the house league.
You know, we have our five traveling teams that are here in
dallas you know they're going up winning silver stick tournaments and they're going up to quebec
and they're going out to california good massachusetts team 12 year old kids they played
a team from texas and get that from dallas and they got work they were telling me so it's no
surprise no we got um if you go up to our rink where we used to practice in valley ranch you
look around those are pictures of d1 born and raised kids here.
And girls, we had two girls from Highland Park where I live, the sisters,
they got D1 scholarships to Penn State.
Aren't there a few guys who played for the Devils or at least last year?
There was a couple of Texas kids.
Yeah, Coleman grew up in Plano.
And then there was one other one because I I remember reading this right before the game started.
His brother was up at some NHL time.
You know, Seth Jones grew up here.
There's a lot of players that are starting to get more and more.
But our hockey, when they came here and helped,
when we won the Cup in 99, that really helped.
Going into bankruptcy in 2009 didn't help
but what the organization does now
for youth sports is crazy
is it a lucrative business?
no it's not you know expensive to play hockey
well it's equally as expensive to run it
but
we're almost at the point you can't really let
if someone else does it and they screw up
the NHL team will take the blame
no matter what right
so uh our business guys i mean it's it's it's it's tough on them and that's you gotta pay attention
to it but it's it's been really important so hockey here up and down boys girls adults it is
beyond beyond growing and every you know corporations are moving to texas you know
they've they're coming from canada northeast midwest even the california companies that are
moving here they've had exposure to hockey and they're all asking Canada Northeast, Midwest, even the California companies that are moving here, they've had exposure to hockey
and they're all asking, they're like hey where's the rinks
where am I going to move
so it's been a big hit
for our business overall
but youth hockey here is killing it
Going back to Mauro for a second, what was that like
when he was taking over the captain ship from Medano
I know it was a big deal in the media, what was that like
on the team in the room back then?
Yeah, it wasn't a big deal in the media. What was that like on the team in the room back then? Yeah, it wasn't a big deal because I think deep down Mike was just hurt,
just embarrassed more than anything.
But we were all friends, and we knew more.
What are you going to do, like sulk?
Yeah, he was a good pro about it.
He went and did it.
Publicly, he's like, man, we should have been a little different.
He might have been mad at somebody who ever did it.
But there was no
feelings towards Morrow inside the locker room.
We were running the show
anyway. Mike was just
one of the best players in the world
and we needed him.
Who was your most underrated teammate
you had in Dallas? That's a good one, really.
I got a guy
of mine. I'm curious if it's the same guy.
Yeah, I'm trying to get too deep.
He's just going to say it was, no matter who
you say. Maybe I'm the right guy.
I think
I'll just go with my
defenseman because I'm a goalie. Probably
Stefan Robita.
Trevor Daly's still playing.
He was a big pick.
He always left you wanting a little bit more
because he's an unbelievable skater.
He was incredible in junior.
I played in Saginaw, and he was in Sault Ste. Marie.
I don't think he was.
He might have played three years of junior,
but it was a shame because all that Van, who was it?
Yeah, Van Biesburg.
Van Biesburg stuff there that happened.
But, yeah, he was a stud.
He'd come down and practice, and he's dumping in the corner,
like, I mean, into the net on me.
I'm like, why am I not stopping this guy?
And why is he not scoring more in the real games?
I'm like, try to do that in the game, bro.
He was good.
He was effortless, too, man.
He was a talented athlete.
I played him in under-17s in Timmins, Ontario.
You know, the Team Ontario, Team West, whatever.
He might have played 45 minutes in a 60-minute game.
I think he had three or four points out.
And it was right before our draft year.
I was like, this is the best player I've ever seen.
The way he skated was...
But Roboda, oh, my God, I remember he fought Yarko Ruto.
It didn't go great for him, but he was a warrior.
He would block shots, play through injuries.
With his face.
And his face showed that he didn't play through anything.
He was like a bobo doll.
Like, he'd go in the corner, and he'd go wet noodle,
and he'd get creamed.
I mean, it probably should be like a rock him, sock him,
just Roby doll getting hit.
But he'd bounce up every time.
And I'm like, you know, something to be saying about resisting a hit.
Just go in there and just get dummied and then get up.
Anyway, he was awesome.
And I bring him up, too, because I spent more time with him in the locker room than anybody.
He was my stall mate at American Airlines Center.
And then probably half the time on the road, my trainer put him beside me.
So he was my guy.
Were you going to say Letton?
Yeah.
I mean, we retired his jersey.
Yeah. So he's not on stage anymore.
So he's not really underrated.
The guy got some hardware.
He's going to be in Hall of Fame.
What did he play, five Olympics, you said?
Five Olympics, and four of them he won medals.
Yeah, it's tough to say.
Underrated is such a subjective thing.
I just, I think I guess.
Unappreciated.
That's maybe a better word.
And he's here.
I just saw him yesterday.
He's in town.
No shocker what he's doing for the Finnish Ice Hockey Federation.
The guy, the problem with him is you never had a talent to do it.
And we were talking about yesterday in the locker room.
We had this alumni experience, and we were in there,
and J.J. McQueen, our old strength coach, is still our director of personnel.
He would never have talent not to work out.
I remember one time J.J. told him to slow down.
You know, it was like March, and he had like a lingering knee issue,
and he's in the gym just squatting and deadlifting and doing chin-ups.
And JJ's like, just get some rest, man.
Yeah, right.
He had abs like the size of business hands.
Like, he was a warrior, but he just played the game the right way.
He'd come off the bench, you know, and Holly and Moe would be like squirting water in their face,
and this guy'd
be taking a towel to his face every shift every shift he's dripping sweat it was hard work man
but he didn't know how to do anything different and uh he's just he's one of the best guys i've
been around and and you ever say you want it's hard to say hey man hey kid why don't you watch
your lead then there's a difference between watching them there's a difference between
doing it and not everybody can do it this is too just too hard. I guess the end of your career.
I mean, so not everyone gets to go out the way they want.
Who did?
Who did?
No one gets out the way they want.
Ray Bourque, maybe.
That's it.
You always think it's going to be a special inning, and then it just ends.
I did.
I blew both my ACLs in the AHL in front of 800 people and then fought a guy,
and that's how I went out.
That was on my own terms.
I think I lost.
I don't remember the last game.
Might have been in the island.
Might have had a win.
I might have got dummied back in Boston.
But probably, you know, one thing looking back,
I took the one-year deal in Chicago.
I told my agent I only want to talk to the Flyers,
and the two teams were in the finals that I thought needed goalies.
And a three-year deal from Philly. And I took the one year. I was like, I'm want to talk to the Flyers, and the two teams are in the finals that I thought needed goalies. And a three-year deal from Philly.
And I took the one year.
I was like, I'm going to go to Chicago.
I have a great year.
And then kick it off.
Really?
Obviously, that didn't work out.
But I was there.
I got to help mentor Corey Crawford.
Now it's his first year.
They just won their first cup, and the guys had a cup hangover.
And I got thrown to the wolves.
It could have been Brandon Effigy in Philly as a goalie instead for three seasons.
I was like, man, they just treat people like crap in Philly.
I don't want to go there.
Maybe a little regret, and then the next year I went to Salzburg.
Yeah.
Played for Pierre Paget, who's an awesome dude, but equal nutcase.
He knows it. He's like, I know I'm crazy.
He just can't help himself.
We won a European championship, like 3-3.
It was one of the coolest
things. I went to play in Davos
for Team Canada.
Oh, for Spangler. For the Spangler.
Yeah, I got to do that. We were chatting about that.
It's really neat. Mark Crawford
came over, was our coach, and he ruined the whole experience
for me. Thanks, Crow.
We had him in Dallas at the end, too.
I'm like, come on.
I don't need to see you anymore, Crow.
Jake Allen was my partner in that.
That was a lot of fun.
Where was he coming from?
Miners.
Oh, they loaned him out for that?
Yeah.
Maybe.
I don't know where it was.
Great guy.
Oh, it was awesome.
I really enjoyed him.
Yeah.
He had Eddie.
He told me a Belfort story. Oh, here we go. I really enjoyed him, yeah. He had Eddie. He told me a Belfort story.
Oh, here we go.
I think Eddie was a goalie coach for a hot minute in St. Louis.
And so Eddie would sharpen his own skates.
And Eddie, like no joke, the one half of his blade was straight like normal,
like all of us have.
But then the other half, and I think it was the toe part of it,
twisted to about 45 degrees.
So you can stand there and get a better edge push.
But then he would slide on his back.
I mean, I never tried it, and I'm like, this is ridiculous.
But you literally have a machine.
Made a machine, Eddie did, to do this to his skates.
And so not only that, i'll get to the jay
allen part but eddie also so you know now they could pop blades out right so the first time
when you had the screws in there to take your blade out that was eddie invented that he sold
it to ccm or something no shit out of here the original one the original one he's got a beverage
coming out too so this guy just gets. He's got a distillery.
Yeah, man.
I'm going to tell you, he's a fascinating guy.
And anyway, so I'll finish with the Jake story.
So I remember we had all the plastic cowlings that had the blade in there. And you get them sharpened four times a week.
And in order to get new ones you really had to get
a new pair of skates
or take the whole boot off
and re-rivet it
and so my trainer
would do it all the time
and I was getting low
and my trainer was like
hey man you should ask Eddie
because Eddie had this prototype
he was using
he goes you should ask Eddie
you know about the steel
so I went up to him one day
and I'm like
hey Eddie man
I hate when the blades
gets down
we give them the sob story
before practice
and man plastic
I'm sliding up there and I had Bowers at the time he's like We give them the sob story before practice. Man, plastic.
I'm sliding up there.
And I had Bowers at the time.
He's like, try the CCM.
He goes, go get, try the CCM.
The blade's taller.
And he skated away.
I was like, you knew what I was talking about.
You give me Eddie.
I was laughing my head off. So anyway, they go to that Traverse City tournament,
like the prospect camp.
So St. Louis was there,
and Jake's like,
so I get in there.
I'd never met Eddie yet,
but here's my goalie coach.
I go to get on for the first game,
you know,
they're going to have me practice,
and apparently,
Eddie went into the locker room
the night before,
sharpened his skates like he did
with the twist in it,
and never told Jake.
And Jake said he went up,
they fell on his face,
and he got to the net,
and he stood on the goal line
and played the whole game just then.
And he's like, I couldn't move it.
I'm falling on my face.
Did he say anything to Eddie?
No, he didn't say anything.
Oh, fucker.
That's unbelievable.
What a goalie coach move.
Yeah.
I'm just wondering if Eddie was up there laughing.
He had a hasher mask in there.
He's like, too bad.
You're playing with this now, you fuck.
Is that not an equipment violation?
My D coach brings me righty sticks for the night.
I don't think there's any rules on blades.
Okay.
I know they got some weird rules.
Well, there is now.
Way to go, R.A.
When I turned pro, what was illegal, I remember Freddie Shabbat had it.
Right on the end step of the cowling, he riveted in a piece of metal.
And so that's what they were using to push.
And now it would push you up. So now you see all the guys pushing. They took away the plastic, and they made the boot a piece of metal. And so that's what they were using to push. And now it would push you up.
So now you see all the guys pushing.
They took away the plastic, and they made the boot a little bit higher
so they can get more clearance on it.
But some of these French goalies were using it.
And I was like, man, how is he moving like that?
Anyway, so they had to make that illegal.
But what you do, the sharpness of your blade, I don't think they can.
God, we could talk to you about it.
Let's talk about Bishop a little bit because he's the goalie here now. I know the start of the season wasn't necessarily. He's been solid for a couple of years blade. I don't think they can. God, we could talk to you about it. Let's talk about Bishop a little bit because he's the goalie here now.
I know the start of the season wasn't necessarily.
He's been solid for a couple of years here.
He's been picking up lately.
He's one of the best goalies in the league right now.
I mean, he was up for the Vesna last year.
Last couple, I think.
You know, he's fortunate as Anton here.
You know, Doblin is playing great too.
So we've got a really awesome one-two punch.
But I mean, when he's on
Ben Bishop,
he might be the best in the world. I mean,
to be 6'7 and be...
I actually never really jealous of anybody
too much in my life. But I look at him, put his feet
in the post and go down
and look around like he's not paying. I'm like,
F off, man.
I've been told he's the most athletic
person a lot of people have seen, too.
I guess he's unreal in every sport he ever played.
He hits bombs at the baseball field.
He hits bombs at the golf course.
He's 6'7", man.
What a tremendous athlete.
He plays the puck.
I mean, I think he's very underrated.
Some people give him credit, but on this market, it's hard sometimes.
The guy moves the puck brilliantly.
And he's just a good dude.
We actually played against him.
I played against him when he was 17.
He was playing here, junior, up at the Texas Tornado,
which we no longer have.
And it was during that lockout year.
And we're like, hey, let's play a game, you know,
let's play a charity game against a junior club.
And we had a better team than even ours.
Like, Holly came and played, I think.
Nah, he might have been too chunky.
He didn't skate during that lockout, Holly.
No.
Remember you went to Phoenix?
You just did that to work in that job at Holly.
Wow.
He looks good now.
Like, Carbono came and played for us.
He was retired for a bunch of years.
Anyway, we had a legit NHL squad.
And we played junior.
And Bish shot us out for two periods.
Really?
Someone was like, someone go down there and run him.
I'm like, no.
The guy's 6'5".
He wasn't even 6'7".
Yeah, he's 6'5".
I'm like, don't run that guy.
You're going to go beat him up.
Well, it's obvious that, like, talking comes really normally.
You're a great storyteller.
Now you're on the business side of things for five years,
you said, with the Stars?
Yeah, about five years,
and the last two running the foundation on top of it.
So what is that, like, what's your day-to-day of it so what is that like what's your day
to day like and and what what is it like in terms of um you know events you guys have things like
that uh you know it's lots right real busy real busy real busy um i got a great staff though i
mean they're tremendous and so you know and they're young i mean i when i first got in there
i was like man office every day and then was like, are you people needy?
And it turns out, I mean, I really enjoy going to work.
Everybody's great.
I work with Bob Bass in two.
He's our alumni director.
He's in our group.
Anyway, I think it's fascinating to learn the other side of after playing
and always being intrigued of how it works.
But, you know, when you're playing, you're like, man, I've got to focus on my job.
Of course.
Just as a goalie.
Of course.
I can't. I couldn't even entertain the thought of owning like, man, I've got to focus on my job. Just as a goalie. Of course. I can't.
I couldn't even entertain the thought of owning a car wash, man.
It would be on my brain.
I'm like, man, I'm an all-in kind of guy.
So I do.
I really enjoy it.
You know, in terms of respect, it's like you've got to show up every day.
You know, is it Monday, Friday, 9 to 5?
Like, no.
You know, we do a lot of events.
And we've got to do some really cool No. We do a lot of events.
We've got to do some really cool things.
We just pledged 2 million to a school here in South Dallas.
It's called St. Phillips School and Community Center.
I don't think any team franchise has pledged that much money other than family cash.
Some of the things we're doing in the community, man, it's been really changing.
We get to make that change to control the policy of how we're doing it, where our money's coming from, and where it's going.
I look at it, you know, it's kind of like a player, right?
I mean, it's all I know.
And I'm literally trying to make our fans proud of what we're doing with our money in the community.
So on a day-to-day basis, I mean, nothing kicks the seats off like playing in front of 20,000 people on a nightly basis.
But it's a pretty cool secondary gig at it.
And so the business side, Brad Alberts, our president,
our CEO, Jimmy Lights, like these guys,
I've known them forever.
You know, they're my bosses.
And I get to see how it all works.
And it's been really, really fascinating.
What was the office like the day when Lights unloaded
on Van Tegen last year?
I think it was the weekend.
So I don't really remember. Actually, you know what? I take it back. I was in Canada. And then I don't really Actually you know what
I take it back
I was in Canada
And then I remember
I turned my phone off
I was up at the lake house
And then I don't know
Someone texted like
Good time to be away
Well we asked
We sent online
A couple people
If you had questions
For Mario Turco
One guy asked
Ask him about
Notoriously getting guys
With the open the door trick when you weren't playing.
He used to say people were falling in constantly.
Once or twice.
I've had, I mean, I don't want to ruin
the whole book that needs to come out at some point,
but things that
happened in my career, like
I was accused of betting when I
was in Chicago. I don't know if you didn't pull up
that nonsense. Yeah, it was an article.
Elaborate. Well, no, I was in Montreal. It was like know if you didn't pull up that nonsense. Yeah, there was an article. One hockey? Elaborate.
Well, no, I was in Montreal.
It was like a friendly bet.
It was a 5 bet.
You know, someone gave me money, and at the end of the game,
I just ended up giving them back, right?
But it became this crazy thing.
For five bucks?
For really nothing, right?
Yeah.
And, you know, people had footage of me giving money back.
I'm like, the guy gave it to me, you know?
Anyway, there's articles that say Turkle bets on game. I like that's pete rose crap a little misleading you know yeah and then like a chicago sun or something nuts like that uh but anyway you know i opened up on roman polak i
got him good now he's here and i realized how big that guy is i was like that's probably a bad move
on my part some asshole tweeted us ask about the dats who breakaway. Oh, yeah. That's an infamous one. You know, if anybody, you know, two things.
Like, one, I had a hard time with Detroit.
And if there's ever, like, my nemesis, it would be Pavel.
I'm like, at least it wasn't you.
You know, no offense.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
At least this guy's a wizard, you know.
So, on the move, he actually did it in a game, not in a shootout.
And Ray Whitney tells the best story because he goes, I was on the ice.
I was falling, chasing him.
I'm like, you couldn't catch him either, right?
He's playing for the wings.
He was like, man, I had a great seat for that.
So in that point of my career, like that time, I was, you know, I was at a bad place.
I was struggling.
So he came over.
He gave me like the moonwalk move.
And I was in the corner
picking up my jockstrap over here.
And then the asshole...
I mean, I'm literally not even in the net.
And I'm going farther outside the net.
And what is it?
He pretty much goes bar down
with nobody in the net.
Yeah, he roofed it.
I'm like...
So anyway,
that's the first time I'd ever seen the move.
So whoever he scored on afterwards, I think they're a bunch of idiots. I'm like, come on. You don't I'd ever seen the move So Whoever he scored on afterwards
I think they're a bunch of idiots
I'm like come on
You don't learn
You don't watch video and stuff
Well he would like
He danced to me first
He's so good
He had the
Sorry
He had the Belfort sharpen
On his skates
That's what he was doing
How do you push like that
On one
Your head's like
Yeah that was sick
He's just like
He's going backwards
You know while moving
forward oh man he was treat the watch and and obviously play against but uh i slashed him every
chance i got when you did struggle as a goaltender how much of it was always mental i mean it was
just something you had like a funk you had to work through was it like a block how would you
get through that yeah you just work man like you know sometimes really you try everything
you know changing your skates and gloves you try and you know just you know tell the wife turn
around a different way you know it's like anything you can just to just to do something different
and at the end of it it's like you know i for me it was the body man like if i wasn't in good
shape or you know something was tight and just because i need to track that puck you know, for me, it was the body, man. Like, if I wasn't in good shape or,
you know,
something was tight
and just because
I need to track that puck,
you know?
Yeah.
And when you do,
you're like,
oh,
this is fun.
And when you suck,
man,
you just,
I remember yelling at my trainer one time.
I thought someone put my skates on.
I was like,
where are my skates?
You know,
but I was just tight.
My foot was all cramped up
and,
you know,
something else was going on.
Marty, you had 15 beers last night.
Your feet are swollen.
Usually that helped, actually.
How did you first start becoming a goalie?
Were you a younger brother, like the gear?
What first got you into being a goalie?
It's a good one.
I played forward.
I was an 8-year-old, first year of AAA and stuff.
And then the next year, I went back to House League, and then they asked.
That's it, huh?
So I played half in, half out.
And then I remember we played the younger AAA team the first time,
and I was a Ford, and we lost.
And I'm like, next time we play, I'm like, put me in that.
I want to go.
Really?
I got the juices going.
I still think we lost, but I enjoy making more.
You lost 3-1 instead of 10-3.
I made a bigger difference as a goalie in the game, you know,
from my little minute perspective.
And I enjoyed it.
And I remember my dad was  my mom was like, no effing way.
This kid's going to be goalie.
I hate that.
My dad's like, don't worry.
It's just a fad.
He'll grow out of it. He never did. Yeah, he never did. 26 years later, I was still kicking him out. effing way this kid's gonna be goalie i hate that my dad's like don't worry it'll just a fat he'll
grow out of it you never did yeah i never did 26 years later i was still kicking you still uh
skate at all yeah are you in the pads or oh i play for every goalie when the career ends they're done
playing goalies i'm a forward now i mean i just thinking about going to my garage picking up my
goalie shit like i'll start sweating right now.
You know how it is, man.
You get so effing spoiled.
Oh, show up in Colorado.
There's my really dry, non-stinky equipment.
It's perfectly put out.
And then, oh, I'm in Phoenix.
Oh, my God, it's dry again.
It's amazing.
Then you get new shit whenever you want it.
Now I'm like, I'm going to my garage to pick up this crap.
I got to air it out.
I got to wash the laundry.
I got to carry it in.
That's my wife, too.
I don't have bags with wheels.
I'm so jealous of these kids now.
So, yeah, I did play.
I play about twice a year as a goalie.
And once I get the helmet on, like, I love it, you know.
I'm yelling at guys.
I was yelling at Larry Murphy the other day.
Larry's like, what the fuck are you yelling at me for, kid?
I was like, just ignore me.
It's just, you know, I'm going to put the power into it.
But, you know, two days later, my back's killing me.
My hip's, like, falling off.
I'm like, what a bad idea that was.
I want to go back to the end for a second.
I totally forgot until I was doing the prep work.
You finished up with the Bruins.
You played a lot the last few games. I had a cup of coffee with them.
Yeah, shut out with them, right, you said?
Or that was your first shutout against the Bruins?
Yeah, first one against them.
You didn't have any shutouts for the Bruins.
How did that work?
Because you couldn't play in the playoffs because it was an acquisition after the deadline.
Does Chiarelli just say, hey, you want to come up,
get a little running up here?
How did that play out?
It was really weird.
And I can't, and you'd have to tell me,
I don't know of another player that signed
after the trade deadline
where you couldn't play in the playoffs
because everybody has a minor league team.
There's really no reason for it.
And if you bring in a Euro, they can play for some reason.
Yeah, I don't know the rules. Remember that Polvin in for Nashville. And if you bring in a Euro, they can play for some reason.
Yeah, I don't know the rules.
Remember that Polvin in for Nashville at least?
I don't know how it works, but you're right. What time of year?
Yes.
So I was in Salzburg, and the trade deadline was that Tuesday,
and we were playing in the playoffs, and we ended up losing that Thursday.
And so we were out.
We had crazy payroll, and we weren't supposed to lose. We were the Red Bulls. And so we were out. You know, we had, like, crazy payroll.
And we weren't supposed to lose.
We were the Red Bulls.
Anyway, we lost.
And my wife flew over with my little guy.
My girls were in school.
And I'm like, it was spring break.
So I was like, my parents were flying over with my girls.
I had, like, a nice trip in Italy planned for everybody.
And then Saturday rolls around.
And ESPN America, the Bruins were playing.
And Tuca was in that.
And Thomas was the other goalie.
And Tuca got hurt.
And I just remember looking at my wife, and I'm like, too bad that wasn't last weekend.
There's my chance.
You know, like, there's a team.
And then we go for dinner on Sunday, and my agent calls.
You know, I'm in Europe.
There's nothing going on on Sundays.
And he's like, can you get to a fax machine?
I'm like, dude, it's Europe.
The place is closed. I'm like, tomorrow. I's like, can you get to a fax machine? I'm like, dude, it's Europe.
The place is closed tomorrow.
I'm like, what's up?
What's the deal?
He's like, Charlie, call me.
They want another goalie, a veteran goalie, and ask me about you.
I was like, yeah, man.
I can go to a hotel.
What do you want me to do?
So anyway, I don't know where Peter was, but it took another whole day.
And so I'm six, seven hours ahead.
And by the end of Monday, I still hadn't heard anything.
And I woke up to my phone going bananas.
It says, this is one in the morning.
And the Bruins announced it.
I didn't even know. No.
Yeah.
No, my agent didn't call me.
Maybe they were trying to call me.
I was sleeping.
And my phone was going crazy.
Then I got on the phone like it was on TSN and then called my agent.
And so I don't speak German, right?
And I can't call the Red Bulls who booked my flight.
So I had my code and I went in to Air Canada.
And then I had to pack up all my stuff, left my wife and the little guy.
I'm like, babe, back in the NHL, man.
Back on that insurance, you know?
Let's go.
Oh, yeah.
Six more bucks.
We might want some more kids here, honey.
We got to get the...
Got to pay for that Italy trip.
So anyway, I flew myself back to Toronto in the middle of the night.
I had to pack up all my stuff, carrying the gear, had to get a taxi,
go to Munich, which is two hours away, and had a direct flight to Toronto.
And then the Bruins happened to be in Toronto that next night.
So I tied my land.
I went straight to, which was their Canada center then.
Threw my bag on the bus.
And you hadn't skated since you guys lost.
You're like, where the fuck's my per diem pack?
It was probably a week since I had skated.
Not bad.
Yeah, where's my per diem?
Well, dude, I mean, we appreciate this very much.
Well, I was going to ask you one more thing, and I figured we should end withated. Not bad. Yeah, where's my pretty am? Well, dude, I mean, we appreciate this very much. Well, I was going to ask you
one more thing
and I figured we should end with it.
Oh, good.
Avery.
You guys didn't get along great.
No.
I mean, he mentioned it in his book.
Dallas didn't go well for Avery.
Yeah.
He said that was a big time mistake.
He wasn't here long enough,
so, you know, he's just like...
That game in Boston was...
He beats his own drum. remember that game involved i mean
you have i remember watching it being like this is the biggest gong show i've ever seen in nhl game
him and all just running around like mad men yeah i mean the guy i was disappointed because i'm like
he could shoot it yeah you pass it he could skate clearly it was tough and i just think when he was
here he just couldn't care less and And really, I think his brain was either
in New York or L.A. and that's just he wanted
to be on one of the coasts in the big city.
I've never played a player. He said that
to us.
He had a publicist.
Publicist?
Publicist, yeah. He had two of them.
I saw Turkey has three guys.
Two more than everybody else on the team.
Yeah, he had two of them. We were like, what do you need that for, man?
We got you.
This is Dallas.
Yeah, what are you doing?
Well, seriously, though, thank you very much for coming on.
This was a great interview.
How long was that?
Hold on.
Oh, shit.
Look at you, man.
Hell of a career.
Want to join the pod?
Oh, we need to talk about when you went to the Olympics, too.
That'll be for next time.
Yeah, we'll keep it.
And for the Ontario crew, my cousin and I, we've got a beer company.
I've got to send you guys some
bruce i like beers dude what what is the so it's called kingsville it's out of kingsville ontario
just south of windsor right on uh it's like right across from um sandusky ohio oh it's really cool
ballet is yeah oh nice you got it just south of there though okay perfect couple you know 30
minutes right on the water peely wineries is right around the corner, the largest one in Canada.
Anyway, we've got a great brewmaster.
My cousin and I own it.
And so we just got a taproom over there, like one of the best restaurants in southwestern Ontario.
But we came over with our light one.
It's not in beer stores yet, but we're just waiting on word from the government.
But we called it Light A.
Light A.
That is delicious.
There goes your new Bud Light.
Check it out.
Well, we know how hard it is
To get an LCBO
So we'll be looking out
For your beer
You guys need some help
We're in
Yeah we do
We need a lot of help
Seriously
I'll call my cousin
When we're off
Mark I'll be calling you
Coming from two and four
Marty Turco
Thanks so much
Appreciate it brother
Thank you very much
To Marty Turco
Well spoken lad
Right there
Actually the next day I saw him, Biz, at Trinity Forest,
the day of the live show, and he was going to tee off,
and he was on the putting green and saw some guy who turned out to be
Jimmy Hayes.
He thought it was you, short-sighted, short right of 18 green.
He goes, holy fuck, Biz, no chance you can get up and down.
I go, that ain't Biz, but no chance Hayes can either.
So I thought that was pretty funny. And Marty Turco, we appreciate you very much up and down. I go, that ain't Biz, but no chance Hazy can either. So I thought that was pretty funny.
And Marty Turco, we appreciate you very much for coming on.
So Biz, you also might have some news for us involving EA Sports.
EA Sports, we're introducing the squad battles.
All right.
That's for all you gamers out there going to NHL 20 today
to face off against Biz Nasty's featured squad battle.
Biz has assembled, that's me,
his ultimate squad from the best current and past players,
which you can play for one week in NHL 20.
Go into Hockey Ultimate Team today
to challenge the Biz Nasty's featured squad battle.
Get the spit and chiclets gear today in NHL 20
when you face off against Biz Nasty's squad battle.
So basically, if you beat the team that I've assembled,
you get merchandise in the game that your player can wear,
especially in those, don't they do the little pawn hockey version now too?
So you can, maybe we need to get some toques on there too.
For one week in NHL 20, challenge and beat the Biznasty hand-selected squad battle
to win the spit and Chiklitz gear in game for your team.
Now let me
read off my roster here um i got my first line of ovechkin crosby and kucherov next line's hall
matthews panarin i got gaudreau copetar and kessel and marsha thornton and wheeler on the back end of
course i got fucking snae keith yandel on the left side tyson berry tummy sticks on the right
morgan riley i don't give a fuck that
you're getting walked by McDavid you're on my fucking team too buddy Morgan Riley Brent Burns
Drew Doughty who's just going to insult Calgary Flames fans and players all game long and we're
going to bring Nick Lidstrom back he's coming out of retirement to play for me and I got Grant
Fuhrer leading the way in that Coco I don't know if you guys have seen his documentary. Coco, Coco, Coco, but, and, uh,
Carrie price is going to be backing me up.
So, uh, I don't think any of you pecker heads are going to be able to beat me.
I'm going to throw it over here to Grinnelli and, uh,
you can kiss my ass in the squad battles.
You can kiss his ass in the squad battles,
but that will run a January 9th till Thursday, January 16th.
So those are the dates where you have the opportunity
to be biz. I'm going to have Marshawn licking
all your faces, your little
players on your little council
peckerheads.
I love that you're using peckerheads all of a sudden.
Hey, speaking of peckerheads,
Biz, a lot of people like The Bachelor and The Bachelorette.
That's one way to generate some content
online. You sent out a tweet the other day asking who would be a good Bachelor.
You got some pretty good response on it.
Yeah, I was genuinely interested to see what fans
or who fans would want to see as The Bachelor.
I was calling Mikey.
I thought it'd be funny to do a bracket challenge on our social media.
We won't take too much time up in the episode.
Barzell got a lot of votes uh bevillier
because he's another handsome guy on the island kirby doc got some nods who are some other names
phil kessel baby phil the thrill would be amazing are you kidding me
uh who also be oh so if you guys want to send some messages to us on twitter
about who you think
would be we'll compile a list and do like a funny little bracket challenge but uh sagan got a lot of
love too everyone was commenting standard right tom wilson the criteria is though they cannot be
dating someone seriously or have a wife so we'll get that going and we'll be handing out the rose
and maybe we could even get the guy who ends up winning the bracket challenge
on to talk about if we would do a spit and chiclets bachelor.
Yager got a ton of love as well.
Somebody said Briz Golov.
He's living the real life bachelor lifestyle.
Briz Golov would be great, but he's married.
We can't pick him.
That thing's been on the air for like 20 fucking years too.
I think the very first couple's still married too, if I'm not mistaken.'m not mistaken that girl really that girl the blonde who used to be the miami heat
cheerleader shit if my wife was here she'd know her name christa or trista or something yeah i
think i think so one relationship in 20 has worked yeah well no it's been more than 20 because they
do like so many a year so they've had 24 bors. Sounds like a bunch of people who just want to make content to me.
Not really find love.
Get as many kills on ABC's dime as they can.
Let's talk about some hockey.
Okay.
What else did you have there, Forrest Biz?
Oh, I just thought we were going to move on to the next subject.
My bad.
Well, that was actually what it was, but it wasn't hockey it was the golden globes and uh my big night i cashed
in big time the other night remember that we were following my twitter biz or what yeah congratulations
man you're a fucking degenerate um gambling on any type of award show do you gamble on the the
porn star award show what do they call those the avn no i i don't gamble on the avn okay yeah no it was uh
it's i told you before the hollywood foreign press association they do the golden globes they're not
like it is taken seriously as the oscars but i was looking at it now i thought the guy who directed
parasite bong uh bong joon-ho this guy best movie of the year by far i figured he was a slam dunk
um for uh what do you call for best director but i saw 17 to 1
for the guy who directed uh 1917 the war movie sam mendez i'm like 17 to 1 man that's really
good value so i threw a couple hundred bucks on it never thought it was gonna win i almost
shit my pants so that cash for 3400 and then uh it was uh also well for they do two movies for
the globes they do best comedy Comedy, Musical, and Best Drama.
And 1917 was six to one.
I still think Parasite's the best movie of the year,
but I'll throw another deuce there.
Lo and behold, boom, popped out for another 12,
minus a few other bets.
So all said and done, over three dimes on the night
from the local shopkeeper, so not too shabby.
Well, first of all, congratulations.
And, Whit, I'll throw it over to you.
Ricky Gervais was just fucking torching everybody.
Buddy, that guy is hilarious.
Like, he doesn't give a shit.
And, like, I've been rewatching The Office lately.
I don't know why.
The Office is one of the funniest shows of all time.
I know Ricky Gervais.
I think he's the producer.
Was he the producer of it?
No, he started the original one overseas so there's a british version that was the
first one i've tried to watch it i just i can't keep up and i don't get the british humor i wish
i could i'm just not intelligent enough uh but uh i thought the american version did a great job of
of would you agree ra would you say they did a great job of, would you agree, R.A.? Would you say they did a great job of making it good for over here?
Yeah, it was a rare example of the United States taking a cultural input
and making it maybe, if not better, at least equal,
because America's taken a lot of good movies from overseas and just ruined them.
Yeah, I would agree that I enjoy it tenfold better than the original,
but that's not taking anything away from Ricky.
Ricky Gervais, though, the opening,
where so many celebrities are pissed off at him,
and I don't really care which way you lean.
The one quote that was phenomenal that he said was,
if you do win an award tonight,
don't use it as a platform to make a political speech.
You're in no position to lecture the public about anything.
You know nothing about the real world.
And I have long been adamant about when celebrities come up
and say all this.
They have no fucking clue.
They have no idea what's going on.
So all of them are shaking their head at them.
But, dude, you think some guy that's grinding out,
making 70,000 a year, gives a shit what the person making 10 million
in a movie says?
It's like, shut up up it's like same with
people singing uh songs concerts shut up and sing we don't need to hear your beliefs in all your
political statements just just you you won an award be grateful for it i i i just yeah tell us
a kill story for fuck's sakes i'd like to dedicate this next song to artists for recycling.
I know it does get a little tiresome.
Oh, how funny was the part when he went at Leo for just crushing 19-year-olds?
Leo didn't give a shit.
He didn't give a fuck.
He's like, I'm going to crush another one tonight, bro.
Tom Hanks, what a cool speech he gave, too,
because he looked at his family sitting front row.
He broke down.
He held himself from crying and talking, and it just took a minute, and then said,
kind of paraphrasing, like, anyone who has a family like I do
sitting in front of me is the luckiest man alive.
And that's not exactly what he said, but that was the premise.
And it was a really cool speech from somebody who,
I don't know about you, R.A., you know way more about movies,
I've never heard a bad word about Tom Hanks.
He seems like a genuinely really nice guy and an awesome actor.
Yeah, I took the words out of my mouth.
He is a guy you can poke around and Google him.
Any story, people on set with him, he doesn't complain.
He's a total professional.
He'll go to the director and say, what do you need me to do?
Whereas some actors of his stature and ego, I don't know if he has an ego,
they might try to dictate to the director how things are going to be but yeah you're right with
this there's nearly a bad story about tom hanks okay i'll ask you this all right i don't know
much about hollywood who are some of the known worst people to work with oh um tommy lee jones
is a name here he's just uh he's just a grump. He's very like, he's just addicted to people. Like when they made that shitty Batman movie about 20,
25 years ago,
when him and Jim Carrey,
we had a lot of scenes together.
They,
they would say that like right before they were about to film,
like Tommy Lee Jones would look at Jim Carrey.
He'd be like,
yeah,
nothing.
You're you suck.
You can't act.
You don't even know what you're doing.
You shouldn't even really.
And then they'll be like,
roll action.
And like Jim Carrey just had Tommy Lee Jones totally fuck fucked with him and now he has to fucking do his scene do you think that
he was teeing him up in order to create more uh hate during the actual scene no because like
tommy he's just like a grumpy motherfucker holy fuck i mean i i've never i've never worked with
him on any sets but no all jokes aside he's a name that comes up as a guy who's a bit of a prick and
then of course the tape of christian bale that made the rounds a few years ago you know of yelling at
some point i know i love christian bale and when that came out i'm like no because everyone's going
to hate him now um all right oh sorry sorry what was the backstory on that this guy was being
unprofessional because he kept walking in the background while he was acting?
Yeah, yeah, basically.
I don't know if they were actually filming,
but basically he got in his line of vision, more or less.
No, these guys, they get so locked in,
especially a guy like Bale, who's a method actor.
I think they just get so locked in on what they're doing that they don't think like maybe a normal, rational person does,
that they're just on some fucking other level.
That's like uh
that's like the the film version of of nazim qadri when the wires cross
basically just clipped his teammate in the head so he's gonna instead of clipping his teammate he
just got in his line of vision so yeah well all right the other day i caught at the very beginning
no chance i wasn't watching the whole thing heat heat. Heat is such a sick movie. Michael Mann's master. I've seen it before, but I hadn't seen it in, say, five, six years. And I forgot that De Niro Pacino, that movie and that shootout scene, not giving it away. If you haven't seen it from ninety five is the best. That's the best shootout scene I've ever seen in a movie.
95 is the best.
That's the best shootout scene I've ever seen in a movie.
I wouldn't argue with you.
And it was actually,
did you ever see the actual robbery that that was somewhat based on?
No.
Oh,
dude,
it's, it's,
it's gotta be on YouTube.
It was very similar.
The dudes went to go rob a bank and they had full on fucking AKs,
machine guns.
They,
they had it out in the street,
just like fucking in heat,
dude.
It was one of the craziest things I ever seen.
And the dudes,
I think they got,
they all got shot,
because I remember it was on 60 Minutes.
The family of one of the bank robbers tried to sue the fucking cops
and the ambulance drivers for not tending to their fucking,
to their deceased relative in quick enough time,
because they basically let him bleed out,
because he just fired off 7,000 rounds at the cops.
So they weren't in a rush to fucking sew him up.
But I think that Pacino and De Niro, one good guy, one bad guy,
they play the coolest characters in that movie.
It's just that anyone who's never seen that, check that one out.
Yeah, the first time they ever shared a screen together, too,
because they were in Godfather 2, but they were in different eras.
Oh, okay, that's an interesting fun fact.
Yeah, yeah, they never shared a scene until then.
And Michael Mann, one of the great directors,
actually his very first movie stars James Conner.
It's called Thief.
It used to be on Amazon Prime for a debut movie.
It's a fantastic movie.
If you're looking for something old to watch,
because I always am.
All right.
You should start a cinema podcast.
I think you'd be tremendous.
You seem to know so much about the industry.
Thanks, man.
I appreciate that.
Just don't let it take away from your spit and chiclets duties, please.
No, dude.
We need you.
I know, buddy.
I know.
Hockey's a priority during the season, but I still got to squeeze in a few movies.
Love it.
And speaking of having some cash laying around,
a little financial relief can certainly go a long way.
Student loan refinancing with
Earnest can help you pick a monthly payment that fits your budget so you can breathe easy
today. Life can be unpredictable, but you don't want that to affect your bank account.
Whether you want to lower your monthly expenses or pay off debt sooner, Earnest student loan
refinancing has a solution for you. If you're still paying the same rate you were when you
graduated, odds are you could reduce your monthly payment and save big.
Even if you have refinanced before, with today's low-rate environment,
most people can save by refinancing again.
Earnest is the easiest way to refinance your student loans,
saving you time and money.
Checking your new rate is fast and easy.
To start, complete a few questions online.
It only takes two minutes and you'll
get a personalized rate estimate all without affecting your credit score. If you qualify,
Earnest offers customizable loan terms and no fees. You can even combine private and federal
loans. Imagine having one single monthly payment with one low rate. Already refinanced the loan?
No problem. You can still be eligible to lower your interest rate again. Plus, the internet loves Earnest customer service.
They're rated 9.4 out of 10 on Trustpilot,
so you'll always get the support you need.
Start saving today.
Our listeners get a 100 cash bonus
when you refinance a student loan at earnest.com slash chicklets.
That's a 100 cash bonus
when you refinance a student loan at earnest.com slash chicklets. That's a 100 cash bonus when you refinance a student loan at earnest.com
slash chicklets. Go to earnest.com slash chicklets today. Terms and conditions apply.
That's E-A-R-N-E-S-T.com slash chicklets. C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Hey, boys, we got some terribly sad news we need to pass along as well
um andrew burkle the 27 year old son of penguins co-owner ron burkle
passed away monday in beverly hills uh cops got a phone call to his place and
first responders uh determined that he was deceased upon arrival
uh sid crosby released a statement on behalf of myself and the entire penguins
team we want to express our deepest sympathy to Ron Burkle and his family.
Ron and Andrew spent a lot of time together watching the team.
We were very fortunate to know Andrew.
He was a kind and humble person, and we will all miss seeing him around the room.
So, boys, just awful news.
We'd also like to pass along our condolences to the family and friends of Andrew Burkle
as well as the entirety of the Penguins family.
It's just such an awful tragedy.
And, you know, words are all we can really offer.
But we hope we just want to pass our sympathies along.
Yeah, terrible.
Tough to switch out of that.
But, hey, boys, do you think maybe we should have a laugh
and maybe play a silly voicemail, maybe cheer people up a little bit?
Oh, yeah.
So the back story is, what, do you have a crazy uncle? I got a few of them, yeah. Yeah. laugh and maybe play a silly voicemail maybe cheer people up a little bit oh yeah so the backstory is
is what do you have a crazy uncle i get a few of them yeah yeah no the whole family um but uh
so he's a hardcore bruins fan and uh he he loves bobby or he's basically jesus to him and this is
the context of the voicemail so why don't we play it yeah let me just add there's nothing about this
nothing preceded this he was watching the broens game and then had this thought in his head and decided to leave it
so it wasn't like this was a continuation of an argument either i love it hit it up g
hey fuck stick i know the broons are playing carolina because i'm watching but you can put
this on your twitter twat or fucking account or whatever boston boston. If Barbier played in today's fucking game,
82 or 84 games or whatever the fuck it is,
they play 10 months a year with playoffs over 100 games.
Barbier would have scored at least 300 to 350 fucking points a year
against these 32 fucking teams.
That motherfucker would have been scoring five or six points a fucking night.
I'm telling you.
So put that on your text or something.
Counting playoffs,
always score 350 fucking points a year.
I'm telling you, kid.
I've watched hockey my whole fucking life.
Farveal with 32 fucking teams
and all these fucking schmucks out there.
That motherfucker would have been lighting it up night in
and fucking night out, trust me.
Alright, see you later.
That's
fucking my Uncle George fire.
I mean, classic mass hole,
talking about Bobby Orr 40 years after
the fact. He's probably
right though, Bobby Orr.
I mean, that guy,
let's be honest here, nobody skated by anyone easier than
Bobby Orr did so your uncle George might be on to something he seems like a sicko we could easily
be the same person talking about McDavid like that in 40 years because you know we've never
seen anything like it I didn't get to witness him in his prime all right this is no insult to you
in your age did you get to watch bob york play live no uh
very very little on tv i mean he basically was what 76 was his last year at the bruins and i was
born in 72 i mean you got like vague sort of memories but i don't have like a one time i can
remember watching him on tv because your brain's fucking still mush basically until you're like
five six years old i always say one of my big regrets in life was not being born 20 years
earlier just so I could have appreciated.
And Woodstock.
And Woodstock, yeah.
Oh, going back to my uncle, too bad.
He makes this unbelievable breakfast sandwich,
and I tweeted out a picture.
And it wasn't quite the green dress or gray dress thing,
but it's bacon, grape jelly, cream cheese on a toasted sesame bagel, dude.
People are like, oh, that sounds gross.
Everybody who goes and eats it is like, oh, my God, that might be the best.
That sounds like something.
That's not true.
Wait, time out.
That sounds like something we put on the menu.
Every single person that would ever have that would say it's the best thing
they've ever had.
That thing's disgusting.
Sorry.
Before you guys start fighting,
can I step in?
No, you can't step in because
bacon's great. Jelly's great.
Bacon and syrup's
cool. Bacon and jelly don't do.
And then if you mix in cream cheese,
you're going to make me throw up.
I couldn't believe that you eat
that for breakfast.
I've had one in the last five years.
My uncle made it for me when I was hanging out with him.
Dude, you got to try it.
Wait, you can't knock it until you try it.
I'm telling you.
Fair enough.
I agree.
I agree.
All right.
The only reason I can is I don't like cream cheese.
So there's a big thing where you could take a lot of heat for.
How do you not like cream cheese?
I don't like it.
That's a huge one.
I know that I'd puke if I had it.
The reason I wanted
to step in was because I wanted to say we should
have the guinea pig himself
test it out and it's that cop and we should
make a menu and put the fucking
sandwich on it. You know who would love
that sandwich is the dude that's
going to 31 games in 31
days that stared through my soul.
He's a guy who would have the bacon
cream cheese, jelly,
sesame seed bagel. You're out of your
fucking mind. Yeah, I could
see what if you don't like cream cheese. Yeah, I could
totally see why you want nothing to do with it. Just like
mayo. I'm not a mayo guy, so I
wouldn't want to. Neither am I. Not a mayo guy
either. We go from the Pink Whitney
to making these types of sandwiches. We'll be all right
boys. Yeah, we're no, no, no,
no, no, no. If we go to Pink Whitney to Whitney to this, that means things did not go all right.
That means things have gone directly downhill.
Uncle George is going to want us cut.
I don't know whose taste buds I trust more, R.A.'s or Witt's.
That is the dumbest thing you've ever said.
R.A. has me order for him at Nobu and
shit. What are you talking about? Who's taste buds?
Did you hear what he just eats for breakfast?
I can't put
the palate category in the same
as competence and ordering.
Because it's one of those things
either you have it or you don't. It's a gift.
So I want to try this.
I want to try this sandwich and I'll be
the judge. Yeah, I'm telling you, man.
It's life-changing.
Yeah, no boo.
I mean, there's 8,000.
I mean, I know fish, but that menu is not your standard fucking fish pan menu.
That's for sure.
It's like 80 for like three slabs of fucking tuna.
That's why I let you guys do the ordering, because fucking I don't know what's what.
I just know I'm going to eat it all.
All right, what's the sandwich call, Just so everyone can send us tweets about it.
Trash bucket sandwich.
I was just calling it Uncle George's breakfast sandwich,
but we got to do something better than that.
All right.
Well, we call him Gigi.
That's his nickname.
So maybe the Gigi special.
All right.
Okay.
What else do we got?
I have a correction to issue.
When I talked about TV ratings last week,
I mistakenly referred to Spartanburg Greenville as being
in North Carolina when in fact they're in South
Carolina. So all my apologies
to those folks who I offended Carolina
wise. Also, boys,
BetMGM is the home for spit and
chiclets. This is sports betting this year.
Talk much? The same guys
that bring you the most spectacular casino
resorts and top-notch entertainment
have a new sports betting app in New jersey you can download the app deposit and check out lines from anywhere in the
world but you need to be in where new jersey to place all of your bets this week we got another
offer for new customers on the bet mgm sports app when you use the bonus code checklets they're
offering new users a hundred dollars in free bets when they make their first deposit
of 10 or more. That means if you deposit 10, you'll have 110 to bet with. You got to make
sure to sign up with the bonus code CHICKLETS to take advantage of the offer. Plus, we're
introducing the CHICKLETS bump promotion for all BetMGM users. Check out the promotions page every
Friday and opt into the promotion and place a pregame hockey
bet of 10 and you'll get it matched
in another 10 free bet that you've
got to use live during the game.
Talk about a trick. Let's bump.
Speaking of bumps, let's head over to the
gambling corner. Let's see.
The other day I did, I think I split
Monday and then fucking Montreal shit
the bed on me Tuesday night, man. They had a nice
lead. It would have had a monster night.
Instead, I got fucking smoked.
But fortunately, I had some Golden Globe money to pay for.
All right.
Do you know Detroit has 27 of their wins this year against the Canadians?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was brought to my attention ahead of time.
I knew that.
Oh, I didn't know.
No, I just saw that after.
I couldn't believe it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was sad.
Man, what are you going to do?
You got to get right back on the saddle. and that's what we're going to do.
Nashville is in Chicago Thursday night.
And, of course, the Predators just had their coach fired.
Like I said before, I used to always bet a team the first game after the coach gets fired.
I didn't do it the other night.
And, honestly, the Preds can't look any worse than they did their first game under John Hines.
I'm expecting a much better, more cohesive effort in Chicago on Thursday night.
So I'm going to be taking the Preds on the money line,
and the wager amount is going to depend on which goalie starts for Chicago.
If it's Robin Lehner, I'll still bet him it just won't be as big
as if Crawford starts for Chicago.
And the other play I'm looking at, Saturday night, Tampa Bay.
They're in Philadelphia.
I know Philly's great at home, but Tampa, to me,
looks like they turned the corner and they're going to be playing some good
hockey from here on out. So I'm going to jump on Tampa Saturday.
Right now we're going to go fucking say 500 on the puck line and half that.
I'm sorry, 500 on the money line and half that in the puck line.
So to reiterate Nashville Thursday night, money line in Chicago.
And Saturday we're going to take Tampa, Moneyline, and half of the Moneyline wage on the puck line over Philly.
And once again, just want to let you guys know that MGM is the home for Chicklets this season.
If you're a new user, sign up with the bonus code CHICKLETS and you'll get 100 in free bets after making your first deposit.
Plus, make sure you opt into to the Chicklets Bump promotion
every Friday to take advantage of our special offer.
Paid and free bets.
Must be 21 or older.
Must be New Jersey to place bets.
Restrictions apply.
Visit BetMGM.com for the full list of terms and conditions.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Voice.
Good luck, buddy.
Good luck.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Appreciate that. Hopefully, we'll keep things rolling here. What here what about you biz what do you got going on all weekend anything buddy i'm going to
toronto i'm gonna go i gotta give a speech oh jesus where i'm flying up are you lip syncing it
it's it's in london ontario not not a speech i thought it was going to be a speech but then
they ended up getting
someone to tee me up on
stage. I was like, oh, thank God. When there's
a bus driver, it's so much easier.
That should be interesting.
I thought there was going to be 20 people at this college.
It's going to be 200
there. I'm like, oh, God. I might need those
beta blockers. You might need a lot
more than that. You want a college campus
in London. Is that Western?
No, no, no.
You're a fucking idiot.
I'm going to be like the guy in Police Academy with someone underneath the podium.
You always got to go there.
Wait, so who's going to be running it, Biz?
Faisal, guy out of Sportsnet.
Great guy.
Nice.
I don't know the company who's all throwing it on.
I got a lot going on.
If I read the email properly again, I would know.
But are we done?
Are we wrapping this up?
Yeah, I think so.
Unless you got anything else you want to add.
No, man.
I'm trying not to drink until Saturday.
It's hard.
Fuck, man.
It's like 8 o'clock comes, and you just want wine so bad you just want a glass
of wine wine's so bad for you though and then like who just has one beer so it's like it's hard
though every night i'm just kind of like bored i'm trying to eat better too so i'm trying not
to eat after a certain time and man it's sometimes just a grind trying to get your body back into
decent shape you know what i'm
saying first world problems man i know i went to the gym today i did a biz how about this workout
sat in the hot tub for 30 minutes convinced myself 40 times to get out finally did walked
two miles on the treadmill at 4.5 that took like 27 minutes went over over, did lunges, 10 each leg, 15 push-ups,
a 50-pound dumbbell, 10 times bench, and sit-ups, four sets.
And then after that, I went to the Stairmaster
and did 20 minutes at level nine.
That's a grandpa workout.
I'm not mad at it.
That's the Whitney workout.
I know.
So I was sweating my balls off, which is great.
That's kind of what I want.
And I did a couple, like, things to get muscles.
But in the end, I'm just trying to just sweat.
So, yeah.
Now, granted, that doesn't sound like much.
But if you were in my brain the whole time, you would have pretty impressed
with just me sticking to it, not leaving, not checking my phone over and over.
And in the end, getting out of the hot tub.
I'm serious.
So, I mean, that's that's my that's what those are my days.
I'm fucking proud of you.
Thanks, buddy.
All right.
How is wine that bad for you?
What?
I need so much sugar in it and shit oh okay you should start selling whitney well also in the same way i say i have one beer like you can't like one glass of wine like i could easily just
knuckle down a bottle of wine you should be a personal trainer you should be a personal trainer
and post uh your progression picks online.
I actually remember doing 30 minutes on the Stairmaster the winter after I retired.
So December 15, 2015.
I remember doing 30 minutes at level 14 or 15 on the Stairmaster,
and I was dying, spitting into my towel,
20 minutes, level 7 or 8.
Or was I 9 today?
I don't even remember.
So, I mean, it's a struggle, but I'm trying my best.
Stairmaster is very difficult.
Anyway, I got to get going, boys.
I'm flying out this afternoon.
Thank you to all our listeners.
We love you guys, and hopefully you enjoyed Marty Turco.
And we have some awesome ones in the bank right now, too.
We just got Luca Caputi today, earlier on,
and he gave us a great breakdown of what it's like to run
and be in an organization in junior hockey.
And make sure you subscribe to our YouTube channel as well.
We're growing that daily.
So check it out.
We've got some good content there.
All right.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you, listeners.
And Biz, good luck in London, buddy. Thank you, guys. Thank you, listeners and biz.
Good luck in London, buddy.
Thank you, my friend.
Have a great weekend, all.
As always, we want to say thanks to our unbelievable sponsors,
and hopefully you great listeners have taken full advantage of these awesome deals.
If you want to check out Phillips  Rocco and win a trip for two to Miami,
go to barstoolstubblebowl.com.
Again, that's barstoolstubblebowl.com to win a trip for two to Miami. If you want to check out Ernest, go to ernest.com slash chicklets for 100 cash bonus
when you refinance, and that's E-A-R-N-E-S-T.com slash chicklets. And if you're in New Jersey,
you want to check out the BetMGM Sports app. Use the code CHICKLETS to find all our latest promotions and deals.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
I won't let you down.
I will not give you up.
Gotta have some faith in the sound.
It's the one good thing that I've got.
I won't let you down.
So please don't give me up.
Cause I would really, really love to stick around. Oh yeah.
