Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 235 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
We apologize we're coming to you a little bit late on Monday.
We had some travel issues, but it ended up not being the worst thing
because we had some huge news come over the wire late Sunday.
We're going to get to shortly. Let's say hello to the boys first.
As always, our producer, G, Mikey Grinelli.
How's it going, pal?
It's going great.
I had myself a fantastic weekend.
I went to my first show ever on Broadway on Friday night.
On Saturday, I got to see the Bruins spank the Islanders at the Barclays Center.
And now I'm here with you guys on Monday.
I got to have Sunday off to relax a little bit.
So I'm ready to go.
I got so many questions
here was it a date it was a date it was a date and the worst part was i had to pay for two cups
of wine 54 for two half cups of wine those those which play did you go see by the way i saw chicago
it was fantastic and all that jazz oh Oh, yeah. Oh, shit.
Maybe we've got a karaoke battle between fucking Grinnell and R.A.
Yeah, we'll be paying for that.
And then is it Barclays?
How did you pronounce it?
It was the Barclays Center.
You had a nice little twang on that Barclays.
Went down and saw Torrey Krug after the game.
Had some nice words for him.
He had some nice words for us about the podcast.
So shout out to Tory Krug as well.
Were you lathering up his quads and can I brands?
Just stroking yourself off?
A hundred percent.
That's why I went down there.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Good weekend.
And that voice jumping in early, of course, is Paul Biznasty.
Bissonette.
What's up, buddy?
You've been traveling once again.
You're always traveling.
Yeah, I was in Toronto, then London.
I gave that speech at University of Western Ontario.
I just want to thank all those college kids who put it together.
Guys, these kids, they gave me hope in the future.
All very respectful, intelligent, young individuals.
And, you know, I was very nervous.
I ended up getting up there, and me and Faisal from Sportsnet,
he was the one teeing me up. So that made things a little bit easier.
I didn't have to just get up there and talk myself, but, uh, yeah,
I want to thank them and John Chica and Aaron Cohen,
who obviously with the coyotes,
I didn't realize that John Chica was the youngest general manager in,
in all of major sports history at 27 years old. I thought it was just hockey.
So, um, little fun fact for everybody.
Go Yokes.
That's fucking young.
That's my age.
Imagine me being an NHL GM.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You'd be lathering up the guy's quads before games.
You'd be the fucking best GM ever.
But, no, it was great, guys, and I was very humbled by the experience.
And, once again, I can't thank them enough.
All right, and last but not least, Ryan Whitney, the wit dog.
What's going on, buddy?
You still golfing or what?
Is it too cold for you yet?
It's snowing right now.
I went to a Broadway show one time.
Me and my wife went into New York City, and I busted up my neck.
I got a herniated disc on the train and I was losing my mind.
I can't even move when it happens.
But at least you still have to go to the show.
Got to go to the show.
It was that movie.
It was the Broadway play about like Africa or something.
What is it?
Oh, Book of Mormon.
Book of Mormon.
Yeah, I've seen that.
And so I had muscle relaxers.
Thank God.
I took like 14 of them.
And she looked over in the middle of the play.
And we were third row.
So imagine what the people on stage thought.
And I was done.
And that's a 1,000 ticket.
Wake up.
Wake up.
And I would wake up.
But once your body's on those muscle relaxers, I was right back asleep three seconds later.
So I never really saw the show.
But I was on Broadway one time. time sucks about the prices mikey nice for nice for you to
see krug's quads i was gonna say the same thing biz did uh what else was brought up well i was
gonna say are you gonna venmo my for the wine yeah the wine why didn't you get full cups what
do you mean half cups dude full cups would have been like 75 dollars i don't know
but at that point i mean you're already screwed bro like what's the extra 20 bucks you might as
well have a full glass and catch a buzz uh and final biz great great congratulations that's
awesome where you where you spoke and and had the whole uh kind of meet and greet thing was it
is a business school was it business not school? Not too many questions, okay?
Please.
I was trying to digest everything.
And it was the IV.
It was a sports management conference.
Okay.
All right.
Very impressive.
So, Matteo, John, thank you guys.
And how much did you pay for those third row tickets?
Because I went to Book of Mormon where, remember,
I negotiated a deal with Shane Doan where I only paid,
had to pay for half my ticket,
but those tickets weren't even near third row.
And we were,
I think 750 bucks a pop.
So you must've been over a thousand.
Yeah.
I never remember things like that.
Oh,
so I went to a surprise birthday party Saturday night.
Dude had no idea.
40th birthday,
Danny McLaughlin. He's got absolutely no butt on him. He's got a surprise birthday party Saturday night. Dude had no idea. 40th birthday, Danny McLaughlin.
He's got absolutely no butt on him.
He's got a butt like a pizza box.
He showed up.
Thought he was going to his mom's work party that had a magician.
I guess he was furious at his wife.
Walks in, bunch of people in there.
It was hilarious.
But I was reminded there by a guy that me and Foley pranked him 10 years ago.
And we totally forgot.
We used to do the same prank.
We must've got a hundred people.
So I'll remind me at the end of the episode to tell you that one.
Oh,
that's the key people.
That's the key people around because apparently no one's going to stick
around.
Cause we have Sean Avery on today.
Don't we?
All right.
Yes,
we do.
He gets quite a reaction when we do introduce our next guest ahead of
time.
Oh,
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening. I'm not listening.
It's like, bullshit, you're still going to listen anyways.
I mean, I think it's great.
I mean, it means people fucking care one way or the other,
but I think everyone who bitches is still going to tune in.
And the ironic part is we didn't really talk.
It wasn't like come on and trash hockey.
We actually talked about some non-hockey things like his likelihood of getting
murdered in traffic in New York City with the bike lane situation
and him being in a big production big Hollywood production with Chris Nolan.
So I thought it was a really interesting conversation we had with him.
Well, and at the end of it, so Scott Gomez came in,
and he was interviewed right before Sean Avery was on,
and they played together in NYC.
So towards the end of the interview, Scott Gomez ended up popping on
and tells a few of the stories of when they played together,
one of which was,
was a rule change.
And you guys probably know what I'm alluding to.
I don't want to give away too much.
Listen to the fucking interview.
Avery's an interesting guy.
I get some of you may think he's a fucking asshole,
but Hey,
at least you get entertained.
Well,
you did just mention Scott Gomez biz.
And of course he was on the New Jersey devils.
And that's a team that made a lot of news over the weekend,
particularly Sunday night.
Huge news drop.
It was actually kind of good we got delayed because we were able to give
our take on this.
The New Jersey Devils fired General Manager Ray Sherrill out of nowhere.
I mean, this usually you hear a little bit of whispers maybe from the
Canadian media up north.
But there was absolutely no rumors, anything.
This just kind of come out of the blue.
And what's crazy, he just made two huge moves that really affect the future of this organization.
They dropped, you know, he dropped the coach,
fired the coach, and he traded Taylor Hall to Arizona,
and then all of a sudden they fire him.
Whit, let's go to you on this first.
Maybe one of the most shocking GM firings I can remember.
Makes absolutely no sense how this has all gone down.
And so right now you look at the two owners.
I think there's two of them.
It might be more.
Josh Harris and then David Blitzer.
They talk about making zero sense.
Zero sense in an explanation of why you decided to fire your GM
after trading a former MVP and after firing the coach,
you end up just, all right, right before
six weeks before trade deadline, let's just get rid of our GM too. It's like, what, what,
I don't know what they're thinking. And the amazing, the amazing thing is if you want to hear
the devil's managing partner, Josh Harris, listen to these quotes. If you're a fan looking for a
reason as to why this is happening, not necessarily every fan's happy with Ray Sherrill, but right.
What's going on? Why'd they fire him?
It's never a good time to do this, but once you make the decision,
you have to act on it.
We thought this was the right thing to do for the franchise.
We're just not getting it done.
We're just not getting it done, buddy.
What we haven't been winning.
There was nothing really specific, nothing really specific.
What are you talking about?
How are you letting a guy who you all obviously have been down on for a while,
if you're going to gas him like this,
how are you letting him decide if he's getting rid of the coach
and what he wants in return for Taylor Hall?
It's like, it's just the timing of it makes absolutely no sense.
If you're a fan of the team, you have to wonder,
where is the direction of this team going now? And the same way I was very happy for Elaine Nazarene to get a chance as head coach, very happy for Tom Fitzgerald as well, who lost out
to the Minnesota job when Paul Fenton got it. I think that was 2018. So he now gets his chance
to become a GM, which he's always wanted. And I think everyone realized what happened at some
point, but it comes at the expense of his mentor. And I think everyone realized what happened at some point,
but it comes at the expense of his mentor.
And he mentioned that Ray Shero had done a ton for him in Pittsburgh.
They want to Stanley cup there together.
Bill Guerin was a part of that group.
He's now a GM.
So a bunch of people that learned a lot of things from Ray Shero are getting
to move up while he ends up getting fired in a,
in a move that just to me makes no sense.
Timing wise.
I couldn't wrap my brain around this and it could be a bunch of small variables could be you know maybe public opinion on the
fact that they weren't happy about the return on the Taylor Hall trade which I mentioned that
I mean I thought it was okay you know unless you waited to the deadline and found a desperate team to give you more,
I mean, I think that was the best option.
And also, you had to remember that most teams weren't going to give you an overvalue it
because he wasn't prepared to resign.
He wanted to wait until the summertime in order to lock in for a big contract.
Now, maybe another little thing that upset them was the PK trade
because that hasn't necessarily worked out as well as they'd assumed it'd be.
You know, I would assume everyone's assessment on that trade has been PK has underperformed a little bit, right?
I mean, can we all say that?
He hasn't played the same as he did in Nashville.
And maybe it's because it just hasn't been a good fit there.
Because in Nashville, he was tremendous.
And they didn't miss fucking playoffs when PK was in
Nashville and now that team's struggling.
So sometimes it's a lose,
lose situation in a trade situation.
And then looking even further into it,
maybe it's a situation where Fitzgerald had other options coming into the
summertime where they didn't want to lose him.
And they saw him as the next new GM.
And they thought that in order to keep him, they had to get rid of Ray Shiro.
So I'd imagine if that's the case, that's going to be an uncomfortable situation
for Fitzgerald because Ray was his mentor,
but I don't think Ray Shiro's going to be without a job for long.
He's a fucking very competent general manager.
I mean, I look at some other major moves that he's made for that organization.
I would say Adam Henrik for Vatnin.
Is that how you pronounce his last name?
I'd say that was a fairly significant one as of late within the last few years.
I think Vatnin's definitely playing a lot better than he did when he first moved over there.
And I mean, Henrik is a solid player.
But can you think of
anything else that would be like ah he made a bad decision or bad move here the drafting i think you
could question um that pavel zakopik is not looking good he was fourth overall so the thing
is though it's like you just you just want as an owner dude you can do whatever you want that that's
that's that's you're right i mean you own the can do whatever you want. That's your right.
I mean, you own the team.
Do whatever you want whenever you want.
But I just feel like there should be rationale behind things.
And so when you can't give any in terms of, like, why now?
Why did you allow him to make those moves?
It's like I know you're saying, Biz, if the moves upset them that much,
but I don't know.
It makes no sense to me in terms of of like, where do you go from here?
Because now you've got to figure out Vatanen's he's UFA.
So do you shop him around? We mentioned Simmons. There's another,
they have another forward, I think who's UFA.
So you have to figure out that along with the goaltending.
So Blackwood at times has looked like he's going to be, he's 23 years old,
right? He's looked awesome. Maybe he could be the future
starter. And then at times
he's looked like kind of average. So it's like
you got to figure out where you go from here. They still
owe Schneider 6 million the next
two years. And after Hughes and
Heashier, and Heashier, by the way,
he hasn't been on
really any good teams. He had the
one playoff run, but
does he look like an awesome first
overall pick to you he's certainly not at the level okay so here's what i'm saying is is
i guess there is justification the fact that they're not happy with the t where the team is
with with him and the body of work he's done there fuck i mean christ like some of these guys
that you said just haven't worked out where most people would have made those decisions in that situation too i mean i'm not saying i i hate to throw jack hughes in the
mix but it just sucks that you know he's the one guy who gets drafted first overall who's
supposed to be like the next mcdavid where i mean when's the last time a guy's you know only
performed up to what he's done so far so if it was all these little moves, if you're the owner and whoever's on stage
renouncing the firing, fucking
say it. Like, are they just
hoping that it just goes away without having
to explain to anyone why
they fucking canned him? So I don't know.
It's, um, I don't
really have much else to say about it.
As far as mistakes, Biz, I think one thing
you can maybe criticize him about was standing
pat on the goaltending going into this year,
given the last couple of years of Schneider.
I mean, as a guy they had to send down to the minors, he wasn't performing.
And you could say maybe they should have improved in that area.
But also, too, there was a ton of hype.
I can't remember the last time the Devils had this much hype going into a season
between the acquisitions of PK, Wayne Simmons, then they bring in Hughes.
I mean, everybody thought they were going to sail into the playoffs.
And, you know, right now they're 11 points out of a spot,
two teams beneath them in the East.
And so I wonder if the owners, you know,
were expecting a lot more just from this season.
But either way, the timing of it is just like you say,
it's just kind of wacky.
Now, the Blue share was hired back in May of 15.
The Devils only made the playoffs basically once in his tenure.
They lost in the first round back in, I think it was 2018.
And also, too, you mentioned Tommy Fitz.
It must be weird, man.
It's like the mob.
It's the only other business where somebody gets whacked and it's like,
oh, we lost Vinny, but, hey, there's a job opening for me now.
You know what I mean?
So it probably is a weird tangle of emotions or something.
But either way, good luck to Tommy Fitz.
He's been busting his ass for a long time, you working assistant gms and direct their personnel and all this stuff so
you know best of luck to fitzy going forward now we also praise shiro for being a competent gm and
then kind of you know tore all his little trades and moves apart a little bit he brought paul mary
there that was another good deal but i i would say most of those trades when they happened if not all
of them i was like that's a great move like bringing simmons in great move when they picked up pk i'm like
fucking right this guy is a proven winner where he's bringing helping bring his team into playoffs
every year um i mean i don't think he really had a choice with the jack hughes thing i mean that
was the guy and and he showed that he was the first overall pick i mean capococco hasn't really
has he surpassed him in play so far early in his career?
No.
No, so it wasn't like they really missed.
The other thing that was funny was, like, in terms of timing,
the Devils have actually started playing well.
They were 5-3-2 in their last 10, I saw,
and then they beat Tampa Bay.
So they're coming off a 5-1 win over Washington
and a 3-1 win over Tampa Bay.
Louis Domingue
started both of those. He played phenomenal.
It's just, if you're a
Devils fan right now, man, you've got to be
pretty disgusted. That's
kind of what it comes down to. Your team isn't very
good. The whole front
you've got an interim coach and an interim GM.
Maybe that's the recipe for success.
Guys,
you keep everyone on their toes at all times.
Yeah, yeah.
Nobody's getting contracts.
We're going game to game now.
To hop in there, Zaka was the sixth overall pick,
and Andy Green is also a free agent coming up.
Thank you.
Man, good luck to all you Devils fans.
I know you've been through a few painful years here,
so I hope things turn around for you.
And good luck to Shiro.
I love Shiro.
I think he's a great person.
I hope he gets a job soon.
Yeah, you think you love Ray Shiro?
He's the one who gave me 24 million.
I'd die for that guy.
So, Ray, you'll be back whenever you want in the front office.
I know it.
Yeah, he definitely won't have any issue with getting a job after here.
There was some other big news Sunday night.
Down in Sunrise, Florida, Jonathan Huberdeau had a goal Yeah, he definitely won't have any issue with getting a job after here. There was some other big news Sunday night.
Down in Sunrise, Florida, Jonathan Huberdeau had a goal and an assist to break the Panthers' team record for points.
His assist on Mike Hoffman's third period goal gave him 420 points
to pass Ole Jokinen and take over the top spot.
Whit Huberdeau is another one of these guys who is an absolute stud
but doesn't get his proper due.
I think if he played in the Northeast or Canada,
he'd probably be a perennial all-star what's your take on it what's ky say about
no you it and it's really been the last you know last year and this year where he's taken
that that next level jump you know 90 points last year he's probably going to get that this year you
know knock on wood he stays healthy looking what he's doing. Congrats to him. I more want to focus
on Huberto, but first I want to
bring up, because he passed Ole Jokinen.
Talk about a very underrated player
in his day. Ole Jokinen could bring it.
That guy was an animal.
Did you see
the case, the trophy case they had
for Ole Jokinen in Florida?
Did you guys get a look at this? No.
Oh my god. Chicklets memes is going to have this? No. No. Oh, my God.
Chicklets memes is going to have a field day with it.
It was the most depressing, pathetic display for your all-time leading scorer.
They had, like, an old helmet that wasn't even the helmet he wore,
just a random blue helmet, like a magazine, like, on the floor,
and then, like, one picture and, like, his jersey hung up.
Just pathetic.
We'll get that picture tweeted out for everyone to get to see it.
So that was horrible.
Hopefully someday Huberto will have a way better, you know,
case of showing what he did for this organization.
And all right, the type of player he is,
you're very right in terms of how underrated he is.
And that has a lot to go with being a Panther
and being in a market that isn't huge.
But, dude, this guy dominates.
And it's funny because you look back at his draft, which is 2011.
It's wild to think that he's been in the league for that long.
But top three picks were Nugent Hopkins, Landeskog, Huberto.
Biz, who do you take right now?
I think Huberto.
Obviously, yeah, yeah.
It would be between him and Landeskog.
As far as how he can create and produce offense,
yeah, I would have to bump him up to the top.
Landeskog's a very solid leader.
He's reliable, good in all facets of the game.
But, I mean, with how you have to play nowadays, yeah, I'd pick Huberto.
It's crazy, as you said, how the trajectory of his career
keeps going up and up.
And he's sustained a few major injuries. Didn't he snap his achilles a few years ago i don't know if it was achilles but yeah he did he did battle he has battled in so he's yeah he's
had to battle a few a few major things and uh and like you said it's a shame that that these guys
are getting lost in uh in florida but that team's starting to make moves where they're getting talked about
more and more just because of where they are.
You don't hear enough about them.
I mean, they got to  have they still been hitting the overs like they were
at the start of the year?
8-4 last night they won.
I don't know if they're still doing it, but it is just  when they're going,
when they have nights when they're just clicking,
and their power play especially, they can almost be unstoppable.
You always see them giving up three or four as well,
but the way that they can score, and so many teams would look around
and do anything to have an offense like that.
It's pretty cool that they're coming off a huge win
as Quenville gets ready to go back to Chicago,
which I'm sure will be emotional for everyone involved.
I'll ask you, Ray, do you know how they're doing in attendance?
Because every time I see highlights, it seems like there are more and more people in that arena.
Yeah, I don't know what the exact numbers, but just watching the games I do, it definitely seems
like there are more people in the lower bowl. I mean, they've got to play off caliber team.
It's another city that needs a good run. They had that run when they first broke in and
that buzz wore off a long time ago. But, you know, that market, Miami, Fort Lauderdale,
it's probably the most fickle sports market in the city.
You know, when you're talking about a sport that's not native to the area.
But, yeah, attendance, like I said, the numbers,
I don't know off the top of my head, but definitely arena looks a lot fuller.
And to go back to your point, if I was a G on that,
I would take Adam Lasseter and then flip him for Taylor Hall.
There you go.
You're thinking way outside the box at the draft.
They're like, don't even talk to R.A.
You won't even understand what he's thinking or saying.
Yeah, he went third overall that year, and he spent all eight seasons as a Panther,
and he's never spent a day in the minors either.
You also got to mention, because we talk about some of the best bargains in the league,
Huberto right now is in the middle of a six-year
35 million contract.
He averages under six a year.
Think about their whole team, man.
Look at fucking Barkov's on a
ridiculous deal. Barkov's one of the
best in the league.
I think he's making less than Huberto.
Is he really?
Is Barkov making less than him?
They both make 5.9 million.
That's Boston.
That's what you're looking at with the Bruins.
While these guys are making less than them.
Hoffman, 5-1.
Trochek, 4-7.
Dadunov, 4 million.
This is like fucking Filene's basement, this fucking roster.
No wonder they have Depp.
That was some
good time we spent on Florida. They deserve it.
Absolutely, man. I'd love to see
them get on a nice run, especially our boy
KY. But boys, the fireworks.
Oh, hey, Ross
Yandel, Dr.
Ross, the rink shrink. He'll
be back. He's coming back, I think, very
soon. He's got a bunch of things, a bunch of
different stories. People emailed him. And he told me yesterday he was coaching one of his sons and the ref songed him
the ref skated by and songed the head coach he goes i know who you are it's it's it's tough to
him for him to get through all those emails he's got like 10 kids so he's got to be and he can't
read and he can't read so so bear with us Yeah, we got people claiming on Twitter that they were the second Sonka
down in the arena when we heard the audio.
One guy claimed it, and then some other guy claimed it afterwards.
So I'll have to check the feed later today to see who it really was.
But anyways, boys, the real fireworks this weekend happened Saturday night.
The Battle of Alberta, Calgary-Edmonton.
Calgary won their fifth in a row and jumped into first place in the Pacific.
But all people wanted to talk about after the game was the Matthew Kachuk,
Zach Cashin run-ins.
Unreal stuff, man.
The first time, Kachuk buried Cashin.
I thought it should have been a penalty.
It looked like his hip caught Cashin's neck, head area.
No call on the play.
Then he fucking bundled them again later in the game.
Cashin took exception, just snapped, kind of slapped a little beating on Kachuk, ended up fucking giving Calgary a power play, which was the difference in the game. Kassian took exception, just snapped, kind of slapped a little beat, knocked a check, ended up fucking giving Calgary a power play,
which was the difference in the game.
Great stuff, though.
Either way, Witt, I know you want to fucking get on in this one quick.
No, I started the other one.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
So I saw the video when the whole melee ensued.
You're saying there was an incident right before that that had happened?
Earlier in the game.
Okay.
So Kassian had probably had enough.
Kassian had his face to the wall, and he had somebody on his back,
and Kachuk came off his check and came down to hit Cassian.
I mean, considering people are saying his ass kind of hit his neck area,
which, of course, it would be a hit to the head,
Cassian was pretty hunched over, mind you.
The fact that he came off his check and quote-unquote blindsided him,
now I'm not going to say it was like a complete dirty blindside,
but I think that there was a riff there going on
where he wanted to fucking get him in a vulnerable situation.
I don't have a problem with the way Kassian handled that.
That's fucking the game policing itself.
That's exactly what Brian Burke
talked about when he came on the podcast and to me personally if you're gonna play with that edge
like Matthew Kachuk does I don't care if he fights him but I care I I'm okay with Cassian handling it
the way he did I would have liked to have seen Kachuk fucking fight him because he was going after him deliberately.
It's like the old play.
Dennis Bombay used to do it a lot when a defenseman would be taking
or a forward would be taking a defenseman wide
and he would end up getting around the net.
That weak side forward would come down off his point
and just fucking put him right into the wall.
You know what I'm talking about?
I know exactly what i'm talking about and and and i kind of saw that out of that hit where you know he came off his check in order to take a run
at cassie and so um did you feel that that you were okay with cassie and uh dropping the mitts
and fucking taking matters into his own hand considering it was it was it was kind of a target
oh 100 i have so many things to say about this because you've read a million different comments considering it was kind of a target. Oh, 100.
I have so many things to say about this
because you've read a million different comments about all of it.
All right, I'll start with this.
Matthew Kachuk, dirty rat.
Okay?
He's a rat.
That's what he does.
You know what else he is?
He's an awesome player.
And every single guy on his team loves him,
and there's been amazing, dirty hockey players before.
Marc Messier, Chris Chelios.
The list goes on and on.
To be dirty, as much as fans, you hate players who are dirty.
And oh my God, oh my God.
That makes many, many hockey players and will forever, hopefully,
make many, many hockey players who they are and why they are great,
is being a dirty rat on the ice.
Brad Marchand is the same exact way, okay?
Matthew Kachuk, people say, pussy, you know,
and Cassian called him a pussy right in the media.
He said he's a pussy.
Maybe, you know what, he doesn't fight?
Yeah, call him a pussy, right?
He doesn't have to fight.
Every person out there, he has to fight if he's going to hit like that.
No, he doesn't. You fight. Every person out there, he has to fight if he's going to hit like that.
No, he doesn't.
You may want him to.
I think that it would be the honorable thing to do.
Fizz said he probably should fight.
If you watch, you can say you should fight him.
You're going to run around like that.
You should fight him.
You know what?
He doesn't have to, especially nowadays with the rules like this, okay?
He does not have.
All the people who are so furious about this entire incident,
Matthew Kachuk,
he has to fight him.
No, dude.
No, he doesn't.
He doesn't have to fight him.
You know what he does?
He doesn't fight him.
He turtles.
And many people say he looks like a pussy.
He looks foolish.
Well, they got a power play and they scored the game winning goal
on the power play.
So what do you mean he has to fight?
He just proved he didn't
and his team won.
Now there's a flip side to all this and I'm playing devil's advocate. I'm not even giving
an opinion. I'm explaining all sides to this. Yes. That Cassian had every right in the world
to ragdoll him and beat the bag out of him like he did. And you know what part of it is,
is embarrassment. Because Biz, I'm pretty sure that you'll back this up no matter who you are,
especially if you're a guy as tough, as big, and as strong as Zach Kassian.
When you get lit up not once but twice by the same guy, you're embarrassed.
He got his helmet.
He got buried with his helmet knocked off twice by him.
I'll say this.
In my situation, I wasn't playing a lot.
I would never want to put my team down a man,
and I didn't really have the luxury to do that
because my leash was literally an inch long.
And if I would have took a stupid penalty,
I'd be out of a lineup for 10 games.
But if I felt that somebody had headhunted me,
my wires would have crossed and I would have done the exact same thing.
And that's exactly what happened.
Okay, now the two hits.
All right, let's talk about the hits.
The first hit, Cassian's coming around the net.
And that was a dirty hit. Scotty
Upshaw wrote it on Twitter. It's a dirty hit. And, and in the end, do I think he hit him in the head?
I don't think it was the principal point of contact. I think he definitely caught part of his
head. The league has decided that is not worth any supplemental discipline, whatever the word is.
I'm I'm okay with that. I mean, like I kind of could have seen either way. You
want to give him a game or two for that hit. I'm fine with it. And if you don't, I'm kind of all
right with it as well. It's weird. I'm like 50-50. The second hit when Cassian snapped, I thought was
an awesome hit. Another play I'll say was dirty in the fact that you're leaving your man. It's
the Colby Armstrong hit when he used to knock people out,
but he turned around and he buried the guy with his head down and separated
from the puck.
That was not,
that was not a dirty hit.
I mean,
I'm sorry.
It was a dirty act to go down the kit itself.
I don't think was against the rules.
Just stopping and stepping in for your first,
the first hit.
I hadn't seen it.
It's basically exactly what I described as far as the Dennis Bombie one.
He came down from the weak side point and ended up clipping him.
It's dirty.
Yeah, he definitely got a part of his head.
Okay, but the league decided not to give him anything,
so they must see the part of where Cassian's bent over.
Sure.
He's bent over enough, and they think that the first point he hit,
the main point that he hit him was in his shoulder.
Whatever.
It's a scumbag hit.
It's a scumbag hit.
It's going to piss a player off.
Okay, so the second one, the one that was the good hit,
what you see Cassian do is exactly what you said, Biz.
That is full-blown, I have no control of my body, mind, or spirit right now.
I'm going to kill this guy.
I'm fucking going to murder him.
So in the end, after when Tippett says, Tippett, Tippett was,
Dave Tippett was asked, what do you think about, you know,
Cassian getting the penalty and you guys losing on the power play goal?
He said, well, I thought it was a dirty hit.
I understand it, but I wish he'd taken a number.
And that's the final thing is that, like, as you understand why Cassian did it, and there's no stopping him at that point,
when you look, it's like, oh my God, if he had just taken a number and gotten them back,
then the game could have been different. And it was a game for first place. Now, Cassian
said after he goes, you know what? It's middle of the season. I'd do it all over again. This
isn't going to make or break us. Well, if you don't get in the playoffs by one point,
it could end up looking like it make or break you.
But I understand where he was coming from
in that basically nothing is going to calm me down.
Nothing's going to slow me down
because this rat that I want to murder
just fucking buried me again
in almost the same exact style hit
and I'm going to kill him.
So the whole aspect of fans saying like,
the Chuck has to fight.
No, he doesn't.
Uh,
Cassian,
Cassian,
Cassian should have,
uh,
should have like squared up with them.
I saw that like,
dude,
what are you talking about?
He knows he's not going to square up with them.
He's just going to fucking kill him.
He sees him.
He's going to murder him.
That's it.
I want to kill him.
The thing that Cassian could do moving forward,
biz,
tell me if I'm wrong on this.
He knows next game. Kachuk won't fight
him. He's not going to fight him.
This is when you start, like,
taking an example and going after Monaghan
or going after Goudreau. Correct.
And saying, this is your teammate did this to you,
you idiots. I'm going to kill you
because he's a rat and he won't fight
me. So now I'm going after you. It's the same
way that
in the
final, remember the series
Toronto versus the Kings when Gretzky
scored and the Kings went on to lose to Montreal
in the cup final? Well, Wendell
Clark was all over
Gretzky, all over him,
trying to kill him. And Marty McSorley
said, Wendell, cut the fucking
shit. And you know what? Wendell Clark didn't
cut the shit. So you know what Marty McSorley did?
He started trying to murder Doug Gilmore.
All right, Cole, you go after my guy.
You're a rat or you do something that you're not going to answer the bell for.
I'm getting somebody else on your team and they can blame you.
This is your fault.
You're going to get you.
You could tell him you're going to get one of your teammates murdered
because you're being a punk and you won't answer the bell.
And then the other thing about it was, oh, my God, was that fun to watch?
You want to talk about emotion back in the game of hockey?
Yes.
What a Saturday night.
Dude, the Battle of Alberta, talk about being back.
And the league can hate it and they cannot show highlights of it.
You watch the game recap on NHL.com.
It's like five minutes long.
They don't show a clip of that madness.
Well, the league's better off for having that madness.
And you can say what you want.
That was exciting.
That was fun to watch.
I think everyone enjoyed it.
And I'll tell you right now,
Zach Kassian is going to get suspended, I think,
which is shocking to some.
But you look back, Darnell Nurse got suspended
for the same type incident where he grabbed Roman Polak. Polak didn't really
want to fight and he beat the shit out of him.
Not only did he get the penalty on the
ice, he got two, I think he got three
games more. The league is
doing a thing where they want to protect
people who are in vulnerable
positions. When Cassie is rag-dolling
Matthew Kachuk, by the way, the linesman,
the linesman, I thought he could
have got in a little bit earlier, Biz.
He let him fucking rip him down and throw him left.
You're going in now.
You're fucking going a different vortex.
Well, there's so many different aspects to this.
I can't believe I waited long after saying how awesome it was,
how exciting it was as a hockey fan to see it.
But the ref, the linesman, man, you got to you got to think that the that a couple
guys around the league that want Matthew could chuck dead might have chucked some money to that
line. Thanks, buddy. You gave Cassie in another 10 seconds wailing on his dome. He actually said
that in his postgame quote. He said, quote, he was grateful the ref didn't come in right away
because he was able to get a couple extra licks in. And as far as the Department of Player Safety,
Cashin does have a hearing Monday for roughing
slash aggressor on Calgary's
Matthew Kachuk. And like you said, Donnell Nurse, he got
three games for the same thing. Essentially, you're
fighting a guy who doesn't want to fight you and you're
beating the shit out of him and he wants nothing to
do with it. And the quotes after the game
were so good and where
Cassian, I already mentioned, he called him a pussy. And
Cassian had a great little line. If he wouldn't fight me last year he called me a fourth line
oh now i got 13 goals what's the reason now thought that was pretty good and then paraphrasing i don't
have it in front of me matthew kachuk said i don't give a shit if you don't want to get oh go ahead
all right so yeah i said no that i get hit if he doesn't want to get hit then stay off the tracks
caught him three times there so you think he learned after the first one but if he wants to
react like that we'll take the pp we'll take the game winner we'll move on to first place
i mean like and then he says uh uh asked about fighting he says oh yeah i'm not fighting him
that's a tough little trade-off there well that's a total dig saying fucking taking him off the ice
is an equivalent to taking me off i thought that was a funny quote as well well regardless of what
side regardless of what side you lie on,
this game needs villains
because it's the entertainment business.
And just watching all this now,
because I hadn't had the chance to catch up.
And I saw the one where Cassian had snapped.
I will definitely say the one before that is far dirtier.
Oh, yeah.
The other one wasn't.
I thought the second one was a good hit, dude.
Yeah, I'm going to retract my statement from watching it.
I ended up seeing it from a different angle.
So regardless, boys, we've spent quite a bit of time on this subject,
but I'd imagine, like you said, with the Battle of Alberta,
has just had gasoline put on the fire.
Yeah, and Cassian could end up regret regretting another post-game
quote where he said you know what next game i i think i know he's not gonna fight me and so i'll
just wait till he's in a in a i don't know if he said vulnerable position but something where like
if he now does anything you you have the old quotes beforehand to really bury you so he'll
have to be smart if he is in the lineup for the for the next call that first degree murder oh yeah you're dead you're dead i mean i just loved it i loved watching it i love those the shit after
emotion and regular season hockey that's a special thing that's how most people who watch hockey want
hockey let's not let the fucking small minority who just fucking complain online about the violence
oh no people loved it.
Yeah, that Cashin quote, it's like it's going to be one of those games where I know he's not going to fight, but maybe it's my turn to deliver something,
to follow him around a little and wait until he gets in a bad situation.
Simple.
So it's almost like he's kind of delivering a threat through the media there.
And the other part of Tippett's quote I thought was good.
He said, you know, deal with winning the game, he said.
Like, in other words, you know, yeah, take a number,
but deal with winning the game right now. And, you know, you hope Cash know, yeah, take a number, but deal with winning the game right now.
And, you know, you hope Cashion, if you're
an Edmonton fan, learns his lesson from that.
And let's just be honest about this entire
situation. If you're a fan of Edmonton,
you'd want Kachuk on your team. If you're a fan
of Calgary, you'd want Cashion on your team.
These are fucking gamers. They're the
guys you want to go to bat with.
So, hey, just so happens they just
hate each other's guts.
Kachuk is taking over from Marshawn, though, most with. So, hey, just so happens they just hate each other's guts. No doubt.
Chuck is taking over from Marshawn, though, most hated.
Oh, yeah.
He's got that young stunk.
And he hasn't been scoring, and you saw him mention,
you know, I'm trying to do other things.
That's what good players do.
Granted, his other thing is just being a dirty rat,
but you've got to bring something to the table if you're not scoring.
And his coach, Ward, said after the game,
it was his best game in a long time.
So on to more league happenings or whatever we have.
Actually, it was definitely a close shave for Kachuk there
because it could have been much worse,
but I bet he's probably using the Phillips Norelco OneBlade.
The Phillips Norelco OneBlade is the one tool that will let you trim,
edge, and shave any length of hair with a single pass.
It's easy to use for both your face and body, and your style is made simple.
The one blade does it all.
Barstool and Phillips  Ruckel have teamed up for the Stubble Bowl Sweepstakes,
giving one lucky winner a trip for two to party with the Barstool crew in Miami.
Prizes include a trip for two, including round-trip airfare, hotel,
and access to Barstool Radio and VIP tickets to Rough and Rowdy 11 in Miami.
So go to barstoolstubblebowl.com to enter for full terms and conditions and grab your
Phillips Norelco OneBlade to get you ready for Miami.
Want to definitely take advantage of that free trip to Miami.
Even I'd do that.
I'm more of a Gulf Coast guy biz, as we know, but I would take a trip to Miami.
Wit, you were just on
fire today well it's like it's just a lot of shit you know it's it's i was so i'll give jeff
merrick a lot of credit i was so mad when i watched the five minute highlight the next day of the game
that they didn't have the whole melee in and i was like merrick how do they know we were shooting
shit how do they not like that was awesome and he said you got to remind yourself what this is a league that's being sued it's being
sued right so why are they ever going to promote any sort of violent stuff on the ice so you're
not going to see it uh promoted by the league that's that's the the time that we live in that's
what's going on but fucking a A, is that hockey, man?
That was  You can find it on YouTube.
Dude, it's January.
When do you get excited in January watching the NHL lately?
That's what we're for.
Hey, speaking of the Flames, the team signed defenseman Rasmus Anderson
to a six-year extension worth 27.3 million.
The 23-year-old right shot defenseman was taken the second round back in the
15 draft, was scheduled to be an RFA after this season. He's the type of guy who plays all
situations and the flames are obviously very high on him. And they're hoping this is one of those
deals that looks like a steal in a couple of years. He gave up a couple of years of unrestricted free
agency for the security. Biz, have you seen a lot of this guy out in the Pacific or what?
Yeah. I mean, you said he plays in all situations.
Agree with that.
I think he's a competent top four defenseman with the way the league's going
and how salaries are rising.
Yeah, I guess this is a fair contract.
And if they're hoping that his talent surpassed the dollar amount, yeah,
I mean, he's been on a good trajectory since he entered the league.
I think I played against him when he was playing in Stockton with the Heat.
So he spent some time in the American League.
He's got a little chippiness to his game as well.
He's got a great mentor in Giordano in order to end up maybe
filling that role in, not to maybe the same physical demeanor,
but Giordano's getting a little up there in age, isn't he?
What is he, 36 now?
Yeah.
I mean, the way he keeps in shape, I guess he might be in the league
fucking just as long as Chara.
But, no, I'm interested to see how this one plays out.
I haven't looked and watched him enough to
I've read online a lot of Calgary fans who are going back at people
who are criticizing the move that you haven't watched this kid enough.
We get to see him night in and night out, and he's like a robot.
He's very consistent.
He's starting to up his game offensively.
He can kill penalties.
So that's the going rate for a defenseman who plays in all situations nowadays.
Right, Whit?
I mean, fucking you only played power play, and you got that much.
Exactly, dude.
I didn't do shit, and I got that much besides rip backdoor one-timer shelf but anderson dude right he's top four d-man that's what you're paying you got him
slotted and he's gonna be a top four d-man for you pay him what he what what those guys deserve
and and earn and it makes sense i haven't seen enough of him but i have seen what you're saying
biz that he's like a gamer like he has some aspects of Yarmulson to him, too, where he's blocking a ton
of shots. He's hard to play against.
He's a thick
little fucking cigarette machine out there.
And I think the way he can
log minutes and how young he is,
the signing makes sense to me.
If he moves... Put it this way.
If he doesn't continue to
improve, maybe in four years, you're like,
shit, this wasn't worth it. But where they've seen him go from his first year in the continue to improve, maybe in four years, you're like, shit, this wasn't worth it.
But where they've seen him go from his first year in the league to now,
I think they consider that there's going to be even more improvement.
And when he gets to where they really think he could finish off as,
it'll be worth this money if he isn't already.
I would say in order to be worth that money,
he does need to continue to produce more offensively.
I mean, his numbers are okay for a defenseman who gets power play time,
but if he can get to that 40-point range, I think that's a fair number.
Yeah, he hasn't even been close to that either.
Also Saturday night, Ilya Kovalchuk scored his first goal as a Canadian.
It was a big one coming in OT versus Ottawa,
but the Habs are still eight points out of a playoff spot.
It's going to be tough to leapfrog all those teams in front of them.
Let me ask you, is it possible that Kovalchuk could become trade bait
for the Canadians if they're out of it at some point?
Maybe. I don't know.
I mean, dude, the guy's goal, it was a great shot.
Go look at the replay.
Didn't take a stride from the red line.
It was an overtime winner. So, right, you get all the space in the world replay, didn't take a stride from the red line. It was an overtime winner.
So, right, you get all the space in the world.
He didn't need to.
It was just so funny.
I was like, I want to see how many strides he took.
And then he pushes, hits the red line, and just cruises in like a
what are those?
Stealth bomber?
No, like he was doing the
when you ski on  water skiing, you know,
when Mark Bershman used to do that behind the Zamboni biz?
That's kind of what he looked like, just water skiing in, bar down.
I was happy for him.
So was I.
I thought it was classic that you didn't take stride.
But I don't know.
I mean, can he move where a team's like  can he move well enough
where a playoff team that plays with pace wants to throw him in the lineup?
I don't know.
Maybe. Yeah, and, you know know in the playoffs when spots are precious you don't want
a guy who's fucking gonna milk it for half the game either but i don't know if he'd milk it i
don't think he'd milk it i just don't think he has it yeah okay uh another big highlight thursday
night pekka renee became the first goalie in six years to score a goal in the 12th all time
uh the preds are up by two obviously so he had the liberty to take a shot at it.
And as a guy who knows a thing or two about nailing long-distance shots,
it was a pretty impressive one by Rene there.
Second in franchise history as well.
Chris Mason did it back 14 years ago.
These are always cool highlights.
I mean, the best part is the teammates who get all fired up for him
and fucking surrounded him like he got the game winner there.
Well, people are saying this might be the turning point to their season. They did have
a big win last night against somebody.
Who were we talking about? Winnipeg.
Who's a very
solid team.
I believe it's the only
organization in the NHL who has two
goalies who have scored a goal.
I believe that's the stat. No other
team has had two guys do it.
Am I correct, R.A.?
Actually, that's a good question.
I'm not sure.
Like I said, it's the 12th all time, but that could very well be the case.
I read it online, so it has to be true.
It has to be true, of course.
Absolutely.
So, yeah, maybe things are going to get turned around there in Nashville.
Mason's on the broadcast, too.
He wants to go down.
Yeah.
He's like, I did it first.
Scud's first game was behind the bench.
First game behind the bench was yesterday, win against Winnipeg.
I had, I don't know, 15 tweets immediately with a picture of his suit.
He looked great.
Really?
He looked great.
Yeah, look at Scuderi's suit for his first game behind the bench
because he'd been the eye in the sky for a couple games.
And I said, whoo, Scudsy.
He was chomping down on gum too.
Hal Gill tweeted, he's dummying that gum.
Crushing that gum.
What'd that gum do to you, Scud?
What's even funnier is the fact that Hal Gill, his defense partner,
when they won the cup in Pittsburgh, and they were pals,
they used to go grab beers everywhere.
He's going to be fucking chirping them on the broadcast probably now,
like every game, just giving it to them. That's so's so awesome by the way two guys that are good buddies now one's doing the
radio color and the other guy's the defense coach you know what that means yeah how gill's like
every game together they're on every road trip together he's like scud's come up for some beers
like no i gotta watch some tape he's like nah you're coming out for beers all right fine you
see that thing gill does online Twitter, the bag chucker?
Like, he'll go into his room, open the door,
just throws his bags in and fucking hits the bar right after.
We got to get him back on.
How Gil and Bill Guerin were the last guys I saw have six packs
in their stall after games.
Like, I think it was preseason,
but they'd have a few beers waiting for them.
That's fucking old school.
Absolutely. A little bit old school. Absolutely.
A little bit of news out west.
Patty Marlowe played in his 1700th game, and he scored in that game,
becoming the first player in NHL history to do so.
Score a goal in his 1700th game.
I imagine that's a pretty short list.
But also some bad news out of San Jose,
as Logan Couture suffered a small fracture in his left ankle
in Tuesday's game at St. Louis.
He's expected to miss about six weeks.
He'll be looked at during that time.
But you've got a feeling it might be a little too late,
too little too late for San Jose at this point, eh, Whit?
Yeah, it's tough.
If you think about how that year's gone for the Sharks,
it's kind of shocking.
I mean, I thought that they were going to be right there.
And I don't think they'll be able to get in.
I mean,
you got to go on a crazy run,
which a team like that could with Kutcher healthy,
maybe,
but without him for six,
seven weeks,
whatever the,
I don't know.
Sorry if you just said it,
I wasn't listening.
But that sucks because he's not only your best player,
he's your captain and a guy that if you want to try to make this
miraculous run to slide into the playoffs,
you're going to need.
And it's just, it's And it's a weird time there.
We've talked about the contracts on D.
We've talked about some of the younger guys and what you're going to get out of them
in terms of their career arc and how good they're going to be
and step backs they might have taken this year and kind of Meyer
and who's the other big guy hurdle I'm thinking of.
So Sharks, another crazy time, but certainly the worst possible scenario is having your best player go down
when you can't afford to lose many more games.
I just see it as an off year.
I still think they have a lot of good guys in that organization.
They need to address goaltending.
It sucks that Couture is down, but, I mean, look at it this way.
Maybe they really start tanking,
and they end up getting a fucking high pick that's
able to come in and contribute on an entry-level contract i mean the way that organization and how
i don't want to say lucky because they've made some incredible moves in order to keep themselves
competitive for as long as they have but they'd be the type of organization that would end up
getting a lottery pick and and maybe even getting first overall if uh if they if they take a shit
this year and and i don't think they'll be bad next year.
They just have to address a few things.
So, hey, they've reigned long enough in the Pacific Division.
Let some other fucking people step in and take it, okay?
All right?
But unfortunately, they don't have the hardware that really counts
because they got that one trip to the final, and that's it.
You know, we know teams can battle back, but seven points back
and you still got four teams, you got a leapfrog, that's it. You know, we know teams can battle back, but seven points back and you still got four teams.
You got a leapfrog.
That's going to be tough to do.
One other injury of note, Philly defenseman Shane Gostisbeer.
He's going to be out for three weeks after knee surgery.
And the All-Star Game festivities, we mentioned that they were going
to include a little bit more of the female, I'm sorry,
a little bit more of the ladies players.
And what they're going to do this year, Emily Kaplan of ESPN
broke the story late Sunday. She said that they're going to have a three-on-three scrimmage between the top american
and top canadian women's players uh and all the women selected they're all part of the professional
women's hockey players association which is a group of about 200 female players who they're
boycotting professional hockey this season because as we've talked about before there were there were
two competing leagues and neither one of them was having
really any sustained success.
So what they want to do is combine and have one fucking league
for all these ladies to play in.
Unfortunately, it hasn't happened yet, but this is another way
to showcase the ladies' game.
We saw Kendall calling Schofield last year.
Schofield absolutely teared up in the fastest skater competition last year,
so it's opened the door for this.
So we'll get to see some of the ladies show their stuff again this summer.
I love it.
I mean, it just so happens we've been talking about women's hockey lately.
Listen, for you feminists coming at me,
I imagine not many of them are listening to this episode.
I didn't claim to know much about the female game,
but there's a reason why it hasn't grown
and been able to sustain itself financially.
We were just spitballing ideas, but I think this is an incredible idea.
It's a great showcase.
Not to take anything away from the guys,
but that's kind of them just going there and fucking around
and having a good time.
I bet you these fucking women are going balls to the wall.
Obviously, they don't
have balls i'm sorry that i used that analogy metaphorical balls of metaphorical balls uh but
i i i hope we're able to gamble on this and live gamble because i think this is going to be the
most competitive point of the all-star game it's a good call they'll be getting after it. And last year when Kendall Coyne was shot out of a cannon buzzing around the arena,
that's when I think everyone realized this is awesome.
This is great.
They could do this every year, and it makes sense to do even more
after the success of the women playing, being a part of the skills competition.
Let's get them into a little more game action type thing.
So it'd be pretty cool.
I mean, you got gotta think there's a bunch
of women who are wondering maybe they've already picked them but talk about wanting to make a team
i mean i imagine they'll probably bring six or seven each side i mean if it's three on three
maybe 10 each side yeah more but yeah probably at least 10 but still it'll probably be some people
some members of of the national teams like you know most recent team that don't get invited you're like fuck that's one you don't want to miss yeah and i you gotta applaud the nhl on this right
they're gonna get to showcase these ladies which i mean i imagine they're gonna be the best show
there because they as i mentioned they're gonna be going the hardest because that's gonna be their
time to shine in order to maybe you know get some momentum to start this league up that they want to
get going so um you know now that they want to get going.
So now that they got that platform, there's going to be maybe  how many people watch the All-Star Game?
A million people?
No clue.
I'm not sure off the top of my head, Biz.
Well, guess what?
There's going to be some of those people that watch their skill
and are going to be pumped and follow that league.
So whether it's 10 of the residual, it's going to be a positive.
Yeah, there'll definitely be more this year
because you're going to have a lot of little girls watching, I'm sure,
because there are so many young girls playing hockey
than there certainly were 20 years ago.
One other note on the All-Star Game as well,
the league also completed its last men in fan competition vote.
The four players they did add were David Perron of St. Louis,
T.J. Oshie of Washington, Mitch Miner of Toronto, and Grinelli's twin, Quinn Hughes of Vancouver.
Those are the last four guys voted in.
Whit, did you have something on that?
I don't know if you were putting it in.
No, no, I didn't mean to do that, but all picks make sense to me.
Perron, what a season he's had.
And the Oshie one is very meaningful because with the game being in St. Louis
and him starting off there and what he did for the Blues
and how good he was, I think it makes
it wasn't just Washington fans
voting for TJ Oshie in that last spot
for the Metro team. I think all of St.
Louis is really looking forward to seeing him back.
Maybe we get him in person there for a little
interview.
That would be nice.
I almost completely forget sometimes
that he played in St. Louis.
He was nasty in St. Louis.
Oshie?
Yeah.
All right, boys, I think we should send it over to Sean Avery right now.
I know a lot of fans out there were waiting with bated breath for this one,
so without further ado, movie star Sean Avery.
That's Sean Avery in the building, and you got some nice pearl white teeth.
Holy fuck, they're white.
I cannot do anything to stain them.
It's impossible.
All I've been doing is stain them.
They're so white, I've been smoking cigarettes and drinking red wine for the last fucking five days to try and just dim them a little bit.
When did you get them done?
Fuck.
Came out very good.
Two weeks.
Two weeks. Oh, really oh really yeah it is the worst
yeah i had to do experience ever i was gonna say yours look these two and it's it's hell it's i
still have to go through it they drill it basically they shave your original teeth down to little tiny
nubs that's the first day then they put these temporary ones on you then you come back the
next day and you meet with the
ceramic specialist the guy that designs your teeth then if you're lucky you come back the third day
they break off the fucking temporaries with like a chisel and an axe and the whole feeling of it
is disgusting fucking awful you're frozen for a week you'll never forget that feeling ever at
least with a slap shot or a stick it happens and it's
done this is like four hours in a chair and they're pickaxe chiseling your fucking teeth off
and then they put your teeth and you're so i have a bridge right now but like my bones eroding so i
have to drill in and and be able to to set up the peg for the one tooth and i still have to well i
was gonna get these beer bottle ones off to the side,
maybe redone as well.
Dude, they shaved my canines.
They were like, but you get to design your fucking teeth.
Like, whatever you want.
This is perfect.
You got AC in there?
Let's go.
Heated seats?
Let's go.
Did you do that a lot in pot?
Because you've been doing some acting lately, right?
Yeah.
I'm a fucking heavy smoker,
if anyone didn't notice.
Love ripping darts.
Because I had bonding
because my teeth got fucked up playing
and it was all bonded.
So bonding stains and you can't...
So yeah, I'm on screen now
and you look like the fucking poor guy in the scene.
Yeah, yeah.
You can always tell when a guy's... an actor's made a little bit of money,
his next movie comes back,
his teeth are just fucking gleaming white.
Oh, those are nice, yeah.
Toilet bowl Joe Biden white.
That's what I asked for.
I was like, give me the Joe Biden.
I want toilet bowl white.
Are you allowed to talk about the movie?
Yeah, yeah.
So Christopher Nolan was the director of it.
That is fucking unreal, man.
That's as big time as a director in the game right now, pretty much.
I think he's probably the biggest, yeah.
Yeah, it's a movie called Tenet.
It comes out in July.
Is that when you were in that town in New York you were sending Instagram videos of?
You're talking.
No, that was in Beacon.
That was a different.
Yeah, Beacon.
I'm in Beacon.
I'm in Beacon, that was a different. Yeah, Beacon. I'm in Beacon. I'm in Beacon. That was for like a small independent that I did probably like a month before.
Beacon's 90 minutes up the West Side Highway.
Beautiful fucking town.
Beacon, New York.
You sold me on it.
They used to make hats there.
It was a town like World War II town where they made hats.
What's a hat maker called?
Haberdashery?
Haberdashery, but what's the man, the guy that does it is called something.
Don't look at this side of the room.
Yeah, he knows to look at us.
I went, right.
Yeah, so we filmed.
It was funny because John David Washington is one of the leads in the movie.
And like, you know, his dad's fucking Denzel Washington.
But he also was a professional athlete.
He played football.
So it was very interesting just to kind of see, like, a guy.
Obviously, he didn't play pro for that long,
but he made the transition.
His dad is probably one of the best actors ever
to walk the face of the fucking earth.
And this guy
is the hardest working motherfucker i have ever seen really like does not fucking leave set he's
still got the mentality you can see it in his head like i haven't made it yet and i have to work
extra hard because my dad's denzel and i'm not living in this dude's shadow i gotta make my own
name i gotta make my own name yeah I got to make my own name.
Yeah, it was very interesting to watch him work.
Because it's funny, when we played hockey, coming back to hockey,
we hadn't got into the phase now that it's now in where, like,
you're playing, some guys are playing with guys that their dad played.
Yeah. Right?
This whole transition that's happening now like i don't
and there's just so right there's so many fucking players so i feel old it's interesting how that
that whole thing works but uh chris nolan is a beast it's a director that you know what he does
he's a guy that takes a studio giving him six six hundred million dollars very seriously yes and like doesn't fuck around and
waste any time and all day long like chinooks fucking blackhawks over our head and and three
400 extras i mean it was a wild it was it was one movie making 101 like every hour that i wasn't on
set i was walking around like taking it all in.
Just like asking the camera guys because there's so many fucking terms that you don't know.
Like grips and all that shit that like that's a whole different language and vernacular.
You need to know it.
Yeah, you have to at some point.
And you fake it till you make it.
I'm so in like I'm minor into this game.
Like I do like fucking internet videos and shit
right you're doing you guys didn't do right but but okay as funny as that may sound that's what
I was going to but like you learn from doing right absolutely and and every time I walk in a room and
I meet people especially in like film or any type of media I I ask a ton of questions and let's say
it's not even that type of environment I always try to find the smartest people in the room and just ask questions.
Yeah.
I mean,
that's how you gain your knowledge.
That's what,
what I don't know,
like kids or people or fucking,
they don't understand.
Like,
what the fuck do I care if I have to ask a question?
Like,
I don't know any of this shit.
I was a fucking hockey player for 20 years.
Right.
Like dumb questions.
The one you don't ask.
Exactly.
I think that they respect the fact that you're asking them like they're a boss they get to talk about like they're
the king of the castle totally they're not like bothered by some fucking one of the actors like
asking him about his rig and and how how much is an imax camera cost like i was like i have no idea
how much those things are but there's a fucking there's guards watching them they must be expensive i think the role of film is like 70 000 a second the role of
film when they're done in imax film they take the film out of the camera and they put them in these
steel cases that they fucking lock shut and they take them to these trucks where there's
they're specially made and they like slide them into these slots like it is a crazy yeah i mean was i accurate with it's like
seventy thousand dollars a second for imax film it could i mean it could be it that's you have to
name like whatever shot you want you have to know exactly when the sun's setting you have to be
there days before and and seeing how it all goes i'll tell you what the hardest thing is we're just talking to uh to gomer about this because if you know if you haven't
seen it scott gomez is in young and the restless it's a beautiful stunning performance it's one
life to live one life to live uh i'll tell you the hardest thing is like for fucking 20 years
i came home at two o'clock or yeah i came home at one i ate food
and then i'd go up to my bedroom and i'd lay down like a little baby and i'd take a nap for two
hours now you get on a fucking movie set we were getting picked up 4 30 in the morning not coming
home till 7 30 at night you're working 15 hour days you don't get to fucking nap it is the hardest
thing yeah i saw you guys in the
behind the scenes videos it's like dude that's a long fucking day people don't understand hockey's
amazing you work four hours a day maybe and you stay fit and you stay fit get a nap yeah that's
hot chicks what about that that that whole you don't think actors do? That whole scene filming that movie, Christopher Nolan's by far and away the most powerful guy on set.
Is he snapping at people?
No, he's, what's interesting about him is like, I think that he sets the tone the moment the sun comes up.
Like everyone is standing on set, the sun hasn't set, hasn't rose yet.
And like when the director is the guy leading the charge and on his feet all day.
And I counted, I saw him take four bathroom breaks in the whole 22 days that we were shooting.
This guy is a fucking beast.
And, you know, it rubs off.
It's like when you have a captain that's just a workhorse.
It's tough to kind of let it slide.
So, yeah.
Gomer just said Scotty Stevens, his captain, is working the hardest.
It's the same thing.
Were you able to meet Michael Caine?
I see him on the
Yeah, no.
So they shotthis I definitely can't say a lot of.
Right, right.
He wasn't filming when I was filming but that would have been
yeah
awesome names there
to memorize lines I don't know if we mentioned it
last time you were on the podcast
I can't fucking
fuck man I had never
memorized I realized
once I started this I was like
when I hear a song on the radio
that I've heard for 20 years,
I know none of the fucking words.
So now, all of a sudden, they hand
you, like, last night, I had an
audition today for
Anna,
the Shonda Rhimes new show about
the Russian girl that came to New York
and conned all these people out of money.
Finding Anna. So I got
the pages last night,
six o'clock at night.
I got an audition today.
It's four pages.
Dude, I've been up for fucking 24 hours,
probably 26 hours.
Like, I can't memorize shit.
I have to read it 400 times
before it even starts to sink in a little bit.
Then I got to say it out loud another 200 times.
Are you in the mirror?
Not in the mirror, not in the mirror,
but whoever's around,
like literally like my wife
or I've asked the dog walker to read lines with me before.
Like anyone that I can find a human
that's got a fucking heartbeat,
my trainer, when I go to the gym for an hour workout,
he's running lines with me the whole time. He's like telling me go to the gym for an hour workout he's running
lines with me the whole time he's like telling me you tip him for that is he a good extra i should
but i haven't well i know you had dynamic warm-up i know reading lines i know you had that issue
with uh the the dog groomer that put her tip put the tip on for me and then called me cheap when i
caught her she that she texted somebody thinking it was them
but she accidentally texted sean she writing a nasty message about sean being cheap she said
no first of all so she's i get a text message and it's from the groomer and the groomer thinks
she's texting her employee and it says sean's coming to pick up the dogs. Make sure you add 20 on to his bill because he's cheap.
That cheap fuck never tips.
So she sends this to me.
So I write back like capital LOL.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You fuck this one up.
And then me immediately go to Instagram and just unload on her.
That's when you don't feel bad at all.
You don't feel bad.
And I love the moment you know when the Instagram goes private and the Facebook and the Yelp pages start coming down, you know you've been effective.
Like, they go silent for 48 hours.
That company did exist for 48 hours.
It's like a guy taking a penalty on him when he's been driving him nuts.
He's like, I did my job.
I did my job.
Are you worried about getting killed in one of these bike lane videos?
Because I'm worried for you.
You're going to go up to one of these trucks and tell one of these drivers, go fuck yourself.
Before you answer, he told me earlier his dream is to walk out of his door and see somebody in the act of stealing his bike.
Oh, dude, I will.
That's what he wakes up dreaming.
I've played it out in my head four fucking hundred times.
If I come out of my apartment and I see the guy and he's cracking my lock,
there's one scenario where I drop kick him and then I curb stomp him.
There's another where I have my bike lock in my hand
and I lasso him with the lock and like fucking...
Steven Seagal shit right like I'm going
well this came up you've had a lot a lot of them stolen right I've had a ton of bikes stolen maybe
we could reenact the scene and then we could but it was like when you pick up the machine
RA would be you looked good RA would be a great you looked good I would I have been
so I'll tell you like three days ago a guy got out of his truck with a hammer,
and it was the first time somebody's got out of their car.
It was a heating and fucking cooling van, and the guy, we got into it.
I started it.
He gets out of the car with a hammer.
So I always have generally my backpack, and I carry around a fucking giant can of bear spray.
Gomer, you know what?
Bear spray is not mace.
Bear spray is bear spray.
These boys say Gomer.
Gomer was sniffing that on the weekend.
Oh, he's from Alaska.
Up in Alaska.
Yeah, well, they got fucking bears.
Put it this way.
Mace ain't doing a thing to a bear.
No, God no.
Bear spray is fucking.
You got a fighting chance.
You got a fighting chance with bear spray
so i'm like fuck do i go for the bear spray or i'm thinking to myself you got to be pretty accurate
to come at me with a hammer and you're gonna get me in a spot that's gonna put me down like
really you got to get me on the temple or the top of the head and i can fucking juke and move like if you're coming
at me i'm gonna take a step and i'm gonna try and crack you in this yeah like hey he has his
trainer reenact all these scenes that go on in his head with him not just his lines
so i say i think it's spray with bear spray again john you ain't even tipping me motherfucker
so so so to your point all right the moment that the guy knows that i'm not fucking afraid of the
hammer because i'm thinking bro you better have done this before because you got one fucking shot
at this you're gonna get me fucking square or you're fucking in trouble because you have a hammer in your hand now.
So I've got cause.
Yeah.
Like, he's playing roulette.
He's playing roulette.
You've just given me a total green light.
I'm protecting myself.
So that's in the situation that if the guy, if they escalate it.
Generally, that doesn't happen.
What happens is I roll up on a car and i start in on them and just depends on
the weather or the time of day like my material sometimes it's good sometimes i'm like it's not
great i mean i did that for a long time on this yeah my feet i thought you became i gotta talk
shit police officer at some point right right well so they they look at you and they're so fucking they're so they're they're
in such shock like they don't know what the fuck's going on you're yelling at them they don't know if
i'm yelling at them then they realize that they're in the bike lane and then they're like this dude's
this mad about me parking in the bike lane it's ridiculous yeah it so it's a fucking crazy thing
but i'll tell you what people really like it because how many times a day do you see some asshole being an asshole and you just want to throw your hands up like in fucking network and say, I don't give a fuck, I can't take it anymore and go crazy.
And people on Instagram love it because you can live vicariously through me calling out the assholes.
Right.
And I don't let it slide uh are
you a bit of a hypocrite hypocrite excuse me in any sense of is there something that you do where
you're like i know i'm being an asshole in this situation yeah that is a great question i am on a
daily basis like so first of all i stop at all fucking red lights. I bike all over in New York City. I am the only biker in New York City that stops at a red light.
If there's no, you couldn't find a fucking person.
Really?
It's three in the morning.
It's fucking six in the morning.
I'm on a dead street.
I'm stopping at that red light.
I challenge somebody to find a fucking video or film me running a fucking red light.
It does not exist.
One million.
You're going to offer 1 million.
No,
but,
but you'll just embarrass me.
You'll ruin me.
If you find that,
cause you are,
cause I can't,
I'll tell you,
there's one caveat.
Okay.
There's one fucking caveat meat for half of our fan base.
Yeah.
There's one exception.
Just say one exception. One exception. Respect our fan base? Yeah, there's one exception. Just say exception.
One exception.
Respect our fan base.
I like words now.
Caveat.
I've used it a million times on this podcast.
He never wants to ask what I meant.
Caveat.
Can you respect our audience?
Fine.
There's one exception.
There's one exception.
Okay?
There's one exception. I'm thinking you're making it up in your head no no no no it's it's
it's mildly fucking bad no it's mildly it's mildly embarrassing a little bit new york is cold okay
for fucking nine months of the year and if i have the wrong gloves on sometimes i just grab the wrong gloves if my fucking hands are so frozen
that i can hardly hold my handlebars i'm running a fucking red and i got full exception in my mind
so rarely if my yeah my hands are fucking freezing you'd be you'd be more likely to see a lunar
eclipse than that happening because you're obviously pretty accurate with what gloves
you're picking i know exactly i generally know like, it's going to be I'm outside for this amount of time.
I need these gloves or, like, these are new leather gloves.
They haven't been broken in yet.
You know when you wear new leather gloves.
Your hands get cold.
I would agree with you in a sense is I don't think a lot of people pay attention to the weather
in order to be perfectly comfortable at the temperature they are outside.
True.
Now, you're a sick puppy.
Right.
And I would imagine that you have a whole algorithm in your head and maybe even a fucking
spreadsheet.
By checking the weather.
I have seven pairs of gloves that are fucking weather appropriate that have variations of
like three to four degrees.
All right.
Well, that's why I did the whole...
I'm using Amora Pacific right now, by the way, that skincare line from Korea.
Oh, yeah?
Nice.
Is this the one from when he went on his house tour he showed you?
No.
No, no, it's not, but I've really adapted the higher priority skincare.
Is this a swipe up?
No.
This is fucking straight up?
I don't think that they... I love you calling me out for that, by the way.
But listen.
But it's a mortgage payment now.
The whole process.
I got the under the eye stuff.
You remember when the word metrosexual was a thing?
Yeah.
We used to hear it.
Like, who the fuck wants to look old now?
No.
Getting old, looking old is not fucking cool.
I'll roll into Sephora into the fucking eye cream section and i'll buy fucking eye
cream and i'll look weird and and the girls behind the desk are like oh who's the gift who's the
lucky lady it's like no it's not a lucky lady it's me i'm putting this shit all over my face tonight
before i go to bed i'm gonna wake up fucking fresh first people women's first thing people
women see is your face your eyes and then and fucking eyes. And then they see your teeth.
Well, now they see my teeth.
They might actually see your teeth first.
You see my teeth fucking from a mile away now.
We kind of talked about the grooming thing in the World Warriors.
We've got to get to some other stuff.
We have different routes to go with Sean Avery, but you've got the new podcast.
I've got the new podcast.
So explain kind of what's going to go into that.
I'm guessing it's not going to be as hockey-centric.
It is so fucking weird, man.
Have you released it yet?
No, I think we're...
Okay, because I've listened to the whole thing.
I think it's...
Yeah, yeah, you listened to it.
You sent it to me.
I think you have a soothing voice.
I think you're an interesting guy.
Obviously, you're a polarizing figure.
I think you're going to be very successful,
and I'm happy that Kevin Connolly added another good one to his bag
because I hope he does well with that company.
Kevin Connolly started a media company, Action Park Media.
I think one of his podcast guys, Bob Memory?
Bob Menory.
Menory.
He's got a follow.
He despises that guy.
Him and Portnoy don't know.
Oh, they don't like each other?
Yeah.
I would say Menry kind of...
Dave kind of owned him a little bit.
...was talking shit and...
Oh, fuck.
Hold on a second.
Hold on a second.
This fucking sex tape...
Oh, he was pounding.
Yeah, he was...
Okay, listen.
Oil color.
Okay, but I saw all the guys in the office, the Barstool office, were like, that was the
greatest performance I've ever seen.
Okay, first of all, first of all, first of all, if that was the greatest performance you've ever seen,
he would have took his right hand and there would have been a crossbody ass slap.
That did not happen.
Were you playing Twister?
That did not happen.
That was a fucking straight.
And then everyone's giving him props because he's standing in a catcher position.
Wait.
You got to remember.
You got to remember.
Because these guys aren't fucking athletic and they've never done a box jump in their life.
They're not fucking a lot of chicks, man.
They're not fucking.
Oh, my God.
That was barbaric.
I actually know what you're saying, but the following and seeing Dave from the beginning
when he was a fat eating pizza every day.
Yeah, he just came up.
So more people think of him as like Dave Portnoy was fucking like that.
He just cut his own hair with a flow beat.
Right.
Did he really?
You got to remember, Sean, this is like he started from the bottom, man.
Okay, but I'll say hockey players get a lot of chicks, okay?
This sounds weird, but we know how to we know how to we can
take care of a lady a lady I think we're I think we're the hips and then the athleticism yeah
usually we're batting so they're all fucking high-fiving because he's standing in a in a
catcher stance it was a water bed I think it was a water bed and and and like there's no
loving there like not a reach around and underneath and, like, get some, like, feel or tits.
It was strictly for, like, the camera's going.
I'm going to flex a little bit.
You sound like John Leslie right now.
Holy fuck.
I was very disappointed in it.
It was, like, barbaric.
That's what I thought.
I just, there was no loving in it.
And I, like, some vulnerability or something.
I don't know.
Some sex.
That was not sex.
That was fucking.
That was fucking.
That was oil drilling.
That was good.
I called it oil drilling.
He was oil drilling.
There will be blood.
Holy shit.
Great movie.
Great.
One of the best.
I drink your milkshake.
Great fucking movie.
What were we talking about right before that?
His podcast.
Oh, the podcast.
Yeah. fucking movie what were we talking about right before this uh podcast oh the podcast yeah so
it's me talking to myself for an hour once a week that's hard which is so hard you're gonna realize
you're not a fucking couple toots first narcissist like myself i'm like dude i can fucking talk to
myself for an hour no problem i think i could do it some people can yeah i think i could do it too
but i i think i would always enjoy a little bit of a challenge.
I want somebody pushing back on my thoughts.
Right.
So that's interesting because I do that to myself, sort of.
That's what I'm saying.
I play devil's advocate all the time with myself.
Right.
Anyway, so we're going to put it out.
It's so fucking weird.
I think, especially with me, half the people are going to say you are this is
shit this is the shittiest thing i've ever heard they're still going to listen to it yeah and half
the people are going to be like this is fucking good i like this it's soothing it's like i can
put it on on the on the train home and like i'm just getting shit off my chest i'm talking about
all the assholes uh the first episode, I go hard on...
It's very New York-based.
Yeah.
Did you go hard on first?
Oh, de Blasio.
Yeah.
New York in general.
So here's the reason I said that.
The fucking delivery guys in New York and the...
Yeah.
Yeah.
You hit a lot of fair points.
I'd be interested in hearing...
And I was in agreement with the majority of what you were saying.
I would like to hear someone push back on you because I, guilty, I sent it to a buddy of mine
who I trust.
Yeah, yeah.
And he loved it.
He goes, I think you very soothingly agree with me
on a lot of the points.
But he said the point you made about the guy
who used to actually take the subway who was in...
Bloomberg.
But apparently he was like, yeah,
but he was getting dropped off in a limo at one stop.
Then he had 50 guys surrounding him.
He got in a cart and then he got picked up at the next stop and it was more of a photo op.
No, that is not true.
Okay.
Well, here's the thing.
That's why when he said that, I was like, interesting.
I know nothing about the subject.
But if that, in fact, is true, that's why it's always nice to have an intelligent person pushing back where they can maybe stop you where it might shift your mind.
Right.
And I'll tell you, I've been searching for that person, but fuck, I don't like a lot
of people.
Well, then it's perfect.
You do it by yourself.
Yeah.
I think so.
We're going to put it out and we'll see what happens.
I think guests will come on at some point.
The beautiful thing is-
Well, you said me no, and I told you I'd love to come on.
No, I said you would...
Of course you would come on,
but I got to get my feet under me a little bit first,
figure out what the fuck's going on.
I'll tell you, my microphone at home
is way better than this piece of shit.
Really?
When I turn, you can't hear me now.
Well, I think the quality of when you talk into this one
is better, but whereas like...
It doesn't pick up as much?
Yeah, mine's got like a little...
Yeah, I mean...
I can move around a bit.
Well, this is a studio one
that you're supposed to talk.
Like, I can't turn and look at you, RA.
I have to turn this thing with me.
What else should we talk about?
I want to talk about...
We're talking about...
I'd love to talk about the coach stuff.
Oh, dude, fuck.
Because I look through...
You didn't just play...
Now, Mark Crawford,
you got in the news about that.
You came out and said,
hold on, hold on.
But you also played for Babcock in the AHL so you must have a couple different stories yeah Babs uh dude man he called
me into his office and uh one day and was like did you stab my did you slash my tires
it's like I think we told this on the first time yeah were on. Yeah, and I had to think to myself for a second,
did I fucking slash his tires last night?
No, God no, I didn't slash your tires.
So Babs was a guy that played head games.
But I'll tell you one thing, when I think back now,
although we have spoke about that before,
now when I think about it, I was 20 years old.
We were playing in Cincinnatiincinnati it was
detroit's farm team we were fucking out of control we were insane i led the american league in
penalty minutes that year i think i had 378 i don't know i was 20 years old in the american
league in 2000 it was a fucking pretty tough league yeah i was iron league i was out of control so how would you
like get into the mindset of a 20 year old you would probably fire with fire in my my head like
so you're like he had a reason to ask you because he's like fuck maybe this guy did do it or job
out there yeah or it was just his way of like you know getting into my head and getting me under control so that was a
different time okay but the whole Crawford thing I'm fucking mortified I don't think anything has
affected me like this in a long time I had a conversation with Larry Brooks the night before
Thanksgiving after all this Peter stuff came out and Brooks he kind of half-heartedly asked me like you know has a coach ever kind of
been rough with you rough or tough yeah i was like well i i just said it i was like yeah crow
fucking i remember getting kicked by crow one time on the bench but like i took a penalty and i
fucking deserved it so brooksie writes the article and next thing you know, three days go by and I wake up and
fucking Mark Crawford's getting investigated because of some fucking stupid thing that
I said to Larry Brooks in a text.
And it's been haunting me.
Were you pissed at Brooksie?
You didn't see it coming?
I wasn't.
Was it Brooksie in the post?
No.
I think it was kind of like a perfect storm.
Yeah, it was just like like it was just a perfect
when you were telling the story there was no you're upset about it zero yeah zero and and
honestly he he really i'll tell you what this fucking statement i am mortified because this
statement that he made will be in on the world wide web until we die. And my name is in that fucking statement.
He's apologizing to me.
He has nothing to apologize to me about.
Okay?
You're like, I was not trying to look.
I'm not looking for that.
No fucking way I was looking for it.
And whatever Crow did to me,
I fucking deserved it.
And he didn't do it enough to me.
Clearly.
You're saying you don't want to play the victim,
but that statement makes you look like the victim.
Which is weird because a lot of people online were reacting as if you were trying to play the victim, and here you are.
Yeah, no, I had a lot.
A lot of people were like the other half, the 50 that
You always have two halves.
There's always half.
The 50 that were coming at me were like, you're a fucking snake.
You sell out.
You fucking rat.
that were coming at me were like you're a fucking snake you sell out you fucking rat when they when i started to get called a rat i was like whoa whoa whoa let's put the fucking brakes on this here
for a second so then i came out and i did a an instagram video or i tweeted saying like whatever
mark crawford did to me he didn't fucking do it enough let Let's just be clear. So I fucking spoke to the Chicago Blackhawk attorney.
I get a phone call.
I get a text message one day out of the blue from this Blackhawks attorney saying.
You had to be part of it?
Dude, he's like, hey, Sean sends me a text.
First of all, I called Stan Bowman's on Monday morning.
First of all, I called Stan Bowman's on Monday morning.
I spent three hours calling the Chicago Blackhawks fucking practice rink or the United Center.
I called every number that was available online.
Oh, so it's not that easy to get ahold of Stan?
No, it's not.
It took me a long time. You could have messaged him online at PushyCrusher6969.
He's got an email account.
Is that an inside joke?
Yeah, yeah.
Call back.
Oh, okay.
Oh, call back.
Okay, I like that.
Our fans will enjoy that one.
Okay, okay.
Or the loyal ones.
So I finally get Stan Bowman's secretary, and I leave a message saying,
my name's Sean Avery.
Could you have Stan Bowman call me back?
He might know me.
I played fucking his dad coached me 15 years ago.
I don't know.
You also are apparently investigating your fucking assistant coach because of me.
Give me a call.
I don't hear shit for three more days.
I get a text message from the Chicago Blackhawks attorney.
So I'm like, okay.
So I call this guy back.
We get on the phone.
so I'm like okay so I call this guy back we get on the phone he starts the conversation like uh like a weird and uncomfortable way like I'd like to speak to you about Mark Crawford I was like
okay awkward like well what the fuck do you want to talk about crow like just lay it out on the
table bro let's go so he says uh you know uh you he you said he kicked you and then
i'm like holy fuck now i'm thinking to myself am i like in court here like where's my lawyer i don't
have a fucking lawyer on the phone like you're also like i don't want to bury you exactly i'm
like what if i say the wrong thing so i said to him listen coaches have different styles behind the bench like
sometimes a guy will break a stick on the ice and a and a and and you know the guy at the end of the
bench the last guy at the bench with a stick he's responsible for handing the stick well if you
didn't see that the guy on the ice broke the stick maybe the coach comes down and fucking
kicks you in the
ass and says hand him your stick like there's a million different personal reasons why a coach
would touch a player on the bench they also touch them to tell them to go on the fucking ice so i
said i was like you don't have a meter to see how hard a coach tapped me to say, go on the power play versus the way he
fucking kicked me to say, you took a dumb penalty.
So I was fired up right off the get-go.
Then he asked me if I had ever heard Crow say anything homophobic or racial.
I was like, whoa, whoa, fucking whoa.
Put the brakes on here right now.
Are we talking about the same coach?
Because no, Mark Crawford never said anything racial or homophobic in a million fucking years.
Never.
So now I'm thinking, I go, well, where'd you get that from?
Did somebody tell you that?
Did you think it stemmed from maybe the Patrick O'Sullivan stuff?
And Patrick O'Sullivan still, apparently, as he tweeted out,
hasn't gotten a phone call, an apology, where I said...
What do you mean? His fucking name's in a statement.
As is mine, that I'll never be able to scrub the internet from.
Yeah, okay, so hear me out.
But, okay, I'm just playing devil's advocate.
I'm not trying right kick up dust is is i think that some people draw the draw uh drew the moral compass on that
one which which would be fair if they did because it's a little bit personal go after someone for
something they can control at such an early age right and would you not expect maybe a phone call uh no i would never expect a phone call and it's hard for me to to to just not
you know accept his opinion because he's been through it and i haven't that's where i can side
with patrick patrick osolvin i'm gonna just bow out and say i'll let them too i'll tell you i i'll
tell you i've learned a very interesting lesson in this whole process because I personally am mortified.
When I read that statement and now that's going to be something that I'm going to have to see for the rest of my life.
If you don't know the backstory, Avery complained.
What a pussy.
Sopal said the same thing.
Right.
Like I like Soap.
Soaps is a good guy.
He's a good guy.
But that was same thing. Right. Like, I like soap. Soaps is a good guy. He's a good guy.
But that was his thing.
Like, don't fucking lump me in with all those guys now.
But I think they lumped Soaps because he didn't complain when he first told us.
We were kind of laughing about it.
Right.
I remember.
The media kind of took the narrative.
He called it a love-hate.
Right.
But he also traded for him and brought him to.
Correct.
Right. So it's like, I don't know know that whole situation is very fucking uncomfortable for me and okay so do
you think moving forward and i think it's slowed down thank god because it was painful to talk
about i'm under the opinion that unless you're using racial with the aloo stuff or homophobic
stuff then like deal with it kind of like Franz is a different thing.
He was battling some like serious mental issues,
but a lot of this stuff is like,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa.
Well,
here's the thing.
I think all of us in the room can agree.
You want to play for a coach that you would take a bullet for.
And if a coach,
they weren't helping themselves.
No,
they weren't helping themselves.
And like the one thing Crow never did, he never came down to the bench and gave me a hug or gave everyone a hug.
Babs never hugged anybody.
You know, there's a nice balance like mixing a fucking hug every once in a while.
Or a tear after a game.
Get a little emotional.
Right, right.
Like I played for Mike Stothers.
I bring his name up all the fucking time.
Guy you would want to take a little emotional. Right, right. Like, I play for Mike Stothers. I bring his name up all the fucking time. Guy you would want to take a bullet for.
And even he would come on after, like, emotional things happen, emotional wins,
and you would see the big tough guy fucking, you know, get teary-eyed.
Right.
And it's fucking nice to see a little emotion.
It's those types of guys that you want to play for,
not the ones who are just there to fucking rag on you.
Absolutely.
And I think that coaches shouldn't feel uncomfortable now like man i can't
fucking coach how am i gonna coach i can't do anything to the players like you'll get way more
out of these guys if they want to fucking go through a wall for you than if they get into a
taxi at the after a game and just motherfuck you for three hours until they're you know drunk enough
to not care i would say the best coaches and the ones who survive the longest are ones who are able
to adapt to each individual personality in that locker room and read whatever you guys
need.
Right.
I don't know.
Going back to the Jamie Benn and Tyler Sagan stuff, maybe those guys need a kick in the
ass once in a while.
Right.
And maybe they do need to be treated like thrown around and chirped and you know fuck you
match here and there you know or other guys are a little softer like if you can't if you can't
your job as a coach to get to get the best out of your player each individual one and i mean you
played for one of the goats and scotty bowman yeah i mean he he he had the ability like i don't give
you a hug he didn't give you a hug but like I felt like there were times you get tapped on the ass by Scotty and he says, good job.
That's a hug.
That goes a mile.
Oh, yeah.
Man, that felt good.
I'll never forget that.
Whatever you want me to do, Scotty, just fucking up.
Where am I burying the body?
I'm right here.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Right, exactly.
You'd do that anyway, though. Him and Shani, you know, him and Brendan Shanahan always had,
there was always tension between the two of them.
And there were times that I remember that Scotty did something
that really got Shani pissed off.
And maybe it was he left him off the power play for a period,
or at the third, he didn't.
Yeah, he shortens the bench.
Shani doesn't play.
Shani comes back the next game and he's fucking angry.
He's miserable to be around for two days until we play again.
And that works.
And Scottie understood that there was a way to get to Shani without, you know,
because what are you going to do?
Some guys are just too rich, too good looking, got too much going on.
Go at their ego.
Go at their ego.
Like Shani.
Like Shani.
You're not my guy anymore.
So what are you really going to do?
So those are the good coaches.
Those are the guys that understand how to get the most out of the fucking 23 guys in the room.
What's the biggest regret of your NHL career, if you have one?
Biggest regret of my NHL career?
Signing in Dallas and fucking Brett Hall over, probably.
Yeah, you've said you felt just horrible about that.
Yeah.
Although-
Because it was a strictly money play?
Total money play.
Did you self-sabotage, you think?
Oh, fuck.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, there's no chance you weren't. I mean, self-sabotage. think oh fuck are you kidding me i mean self-sabotage that was uh i
don't know gomer were you there when i came back yeah i mean i wasn't gone long no i mean three
games yeah like quick it was this hartford then back up with their chant and avery's name
it was it was email i remember i got to dallas I was just like, how the fuck do I get back to New York?
Literally, in my head.
What were they offering you?
Or were they not?
I think Slats was, it was like, you know, nine, eight or nine.
And he was like, that's enough.
No state tax?
He was like, that's what you're worth, you know?
And I don't know.
Glenn is like such an interesting dude, the way he just puts his foot down sometimes.
That was the situation I got to Dallas.
I was like, I don't fucking fit in here.
I find it shocking that you butt heads with so many guys.
I just, because I hate kiss asses.
I hate, like, I just fucking don't like kiss asses.
I don't like kiss asses i don't have you ever next career now
been seeing like what because there's no there's no chance that those people as annoying as it
drove me nuts i wish i don't wish i kissed ass but i wish i had a little bit more of like
totally i yeah no i know what you're saying fine line i know what you're saying I know what you're saying the interesting thing about the you know being
on a film set now is like
you're kind of given
a pass to be in your own world
and you don't necessarily
have to
like there's a team environment for sure
but you don't
once you're done your scene you go back
to your own trailer and you don't see anyone
like you're not on the plane you're not you got your own trailer i got my yeah he was number five
on the call she said that's that's a big deal is that good getting your own trailer i had a fucking
i had a big trailer like trip bigger than yeah you get your own fucking trailer
i mean i had to share one with ra on the west coast wagon tour that's not that's not that's
not good no No, okay.
Anytime you're going to share a... Wait, so we're calling this similar to getting called up
and you have a couple of good games.
Is this a big break for you?
Yeah, it's going to be the biggest movie, I think.
That's awesome.
I think it's going to be one of the biggest
live action movies ever made.
How much seconds will you have in this movie?
Well, that...
You have no clue.
Oh, you might have zero?
Oh, no.
No.
I know for sure because of the way that things were shot that I was beside the two lead.
You asked enough questions.
No, I was just in too many shots that I wouldn't be in the movie.
Well, what about when you were on Patriots?
It was Patriots Day, the movie about the Boston Marathon bombing.
Peter Berg, you guys are friends?
Yeah, Pete put me in Patriots Day.
That was what...
I saw you.
I go, that was Avery.
You're like, what?
Peter Berg just got the Rihanna documentary.
Yeah.
It's coming out on...
How the fuck is he going to be in that?
She got 25 million.
Is Mocky Mock in it, too?
Why is she going to do another album?
He puts Mocky Mock in everything.
Imagine a biz documentary.
It's just a porno.
That's coming out on Amazon, I think.
Yeah, they paid 25 million. Peter Berg.eter yeah yeah sorry i didn't mean so no yeah pete pete i knew from chelly because chelly
played in chicago and pete was on a show called chicago hope for a long time oh yeah written by
david e kelly yeah yeah and uh the michelle fifa yep they were buddies in Chicago. And then when I got to New York, I ran into Pete.
And, you know, we had known each other since I was in Detroit.
So we became close.
And he was shooting Patriots Day and said, come to Boston.
It was like, I don't know, a year after I'd stopped playing.
He said, come to Boston.
I'm going to put you in this movie.
So, yeah, I get there. And I'm like, fucking Mark Wahlberg, you're in Boston.
And, like, the streets shut down.
And it's a story that happened in Boston.
It's a pretty powerful story for Boston.
Boston Strong, baby.
So, I'm on the train home after I shot.
I was like, holy fuck, man man you're on set there's 300
people standing around they say action
and like if you're in a shot
you're in the shot it's pretty powerful
like you get a feeling there's nothing
similar to fighting at Madison
Square Garden center ice but like
that's pretty close
so I came back and I was hooked and
that's what did it yeah that was it
that was it yeah so
next so you did you got you had the audition today like are you is it so you're unemployed
thing where you're grinding to get shit you're unemployed until you're fucking employed
every single day that's why i mean it's a little nicer when you got enough in the bank where like
you're not waiting tables at olive garden yeah in la give me fucking breadsticks, bitch. Give me my breadsticks, Sean.
Yeah, or you have a...
Imagine being like,
where are my breadsticks?
He's rubbing his dick
on them back in the kitchen.
Oh, yeah.
The sick shit
that you'd be doing
on my breadsticks
in the back.
It's not the waiter
you want to complain to.
No, he'd be going
through his head
in situations
how he's going to kill you
with the butcher knife
in the kitchen
just like he is
the bike lock.
I think people think
every actor's like a millionaire makes a ton of money when that's not the reality at all.
It's like you're humping from fucking job to job.
You're fucking unemployed until you're employed.
And then when you're employed, you pay  I mean athletes have a nice 3 to their agents.
Actors pay 20 to their agent and 10 to their manager or sometimes 20 and 20.
Then you pay the fucking government
50 like you gotta work
so Denzel making 20
sheets for movies paying that
he's probably got a deal with his agent that he's
not paying 20 but early on they're getting
you oh yeah for sure
in the grand scheme of things
though for what they endure
like and to his craft
of Denzelhington he hasn't
necessarily made that much money like 20 like no here's where you make money i'll tell you right
now and i every month swipe ups no no no it's not swipe dense 20 can i brands hashtag does
yeah then 20 dhmd every couple of months i go the mail, and I see a little fucking envelope, and it says SAG on it.
And it's a residual check from Patriot's Day that I was in for one fucking day.
And it's a residual check for 900.
No way.
So Mark was residual of that.
So you're going to be getting one from every good movie.
So if you put a library of work together, dude, these guys make fucking money.
I'm getting a nine.
Last year, I don't know.
It was probably 4,000 altogether from Patriot's Day.
It was one day of work.
So for the rest of my life.
When that movie's on.
That movie's on.
You get paid from it.
I should have got that for the town.
You should have.
Dude, imagine.
That's only an extra, though. Should have got that for the town. You should have. Dude, imagine. I was only an extra, though.
I was a peeler.
So, yeah, that's the difference.
Like, if you're a day player versus, you know, they get you on, like, a real set.
Yeah, you're on, like, a WestJet flight.
You're putting every fucking screen on Patriot's.
Every empty seat.
No, I'm thinking of a movie.
She's watching something. I was like, ma'am, could you? Ma'am, I got bills to a movie. She's watching something.
I was like, ma'am, could you?
Ma'am, I got bills to pay, ma'am.
Imagine, but I'm thinking of a movie on TV all the time.
National Lampoon's Christmas.
Morgan Freeman's check from Shawshank.
It's like every year.
What about Chevy Chase?
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.
Okay, so you're in the film industry.
Why is he so mad now?
He's always been an asshole.
Yeah, I think he's the worst.
Yeah, I think he's always been like...
He came from money.
He didn't like...
I mean, Chevy Chase is talented,
but he came from the blue blood family.
Right.
The SNL book said he was the worst.
Yeah.
Nobody, like a lot of people...
Oh, even when he was working there?
I guess he's always been an asshole.
That's why once he stopped being really that prime actor,
he kind of stopped working because nobody really wants to.
He can't work with anyone or he doesn't like everyone.
And now he's resentful because, I mean, let's be realists.
Hollywood now is like, if you have a-
He looks like he's a fucking heap.
If you're like a 6 out of 10 actor and you got 10 million Instagram followers and somebody outacts you.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
You're an 8 out of 10 actor and you have 1 million.
They're going to pick the one with the following.
Absolutely.
They want the views, right?
Absolutely.
Talk about the streams now.
Absolutely.
So it's got to be a bit frustrating for people who have talent who don't have the following.
He hasn't aged great.
He hasn't, no.
You're talking about aging.
Chevy.
Yeah, that's another thing, too.
He's a police bag.
Where does your impish nature come from?
You've always been like an irascible fellow when you played and even off the ice.
Was that like how you grew up?
I was always the smallest guy in my fucking class or on my team.
And I have like major small man's syndromes.
You're very self-aware.
Yeah, I'm sure because i
always i always had to like fight for everything so like the runt i was always the guy that was
like i gotta fucking get in there and just like get shit going because i'm just that little fucking
kid you know that probably shouldn't have been here on the team so yeah my mom's also like uh
she used to be like a bit of a firecracker like i remember going to sears and my mom returning
something and like fighting with them yeah and she just wouldn't leave the store a little genetic
too yeah like security we're four hours in sears because she's trying to return a fucking duvet
cover that she bought at walmart and maybe that would have been yeah she's trying to return a fucking duvet cover. That she bought at Walmart. And maybe
that would have been... Yeah, she buys you...
That's a good move.
Oh, you think I've never done it?
I played in the coast, buddy. Don't you
fucking worry. I played there.
Change the price tag
on something every once in a while.
Oh, motherfucker.
How much do guys make in the coast
now? Oh, fuck. I'm do guys make in the coast now? Oh, fuck.
I'm betting you the best players.
Have they got raises?
You want to know the worst part of the coast now?
Is teams own your rights now and shit.
What does that mean?
Not every guy.
No, I know.
But certain guys coming in,
I don't know if there's a draft or a suit.
The first team you sign for,
they own your rights.
So they can control what you're getting paid.
It's like the next offseason, you're not going into an open slate.
You're going into like you're back with them
and they're only offering this amount of money.
So they own your rights.
It's bullshit.
I think the ideal, the worst case scenario in the coast
is that you can only be called up by one AHL team.
Because if you can see, every team can call you up.
Yeah, but usually that means you're getting more money guaranteed sometimes guys like the guarantee
but i i get what you're saying yes you want to i mean you want to get to the next level and make
more money but biz how much are they getting every two weeks or week or how how do they get paid oh
man when i was in the coast but i was on i was on i was on a two-way. 20 million. Yeah, right. Yeah, that was a tough year.
Wait, we never asked Gomer about the Alaska Aces.
Gomer's got seven more episodes.
This is going to be like the fucking Harry Potter trilogy.
I told him after.
He got the fucking Star Wars.
He's going to be doing the prequels, the sequels.
Yeah, it's pretty easy riding a bus when your checks are 316,000 every two weeks.
It's a tough week down here.
Waiting for confirmation here.
Oh, yeah.
He paid for the whole team all year.
Yeah, that's true.
Remember they were saying, most generous guy ever.
How about Gomez buying a penthouse in NYC, and then he did a full reno on it, and it
looks like a fucking lumberjack
it's an alaskan ski house it's a it's actually a very uh it's like a manly chic yeah it's
fucking beautiful uh mark jake there's not there's not two spit on the floor no no no
gomer was one of the first guys to like i think personally get like an interior designer that like knew what the
fuck they were doing and what's what's the person's name he made it michelle gerson hey
why'd you hire a gorgeous girl he was gonna spend so much more on the condo he's like
now i'll use this to design the whole place yeah by the way
the yeah i told me that today so i walked in i hadn't seen gomer for
fuck years okay so hey gomer what's going on he goes you fucking asshole you fucking you fucking
you got that book i was like what the fuck are you talking about book what book are you talking
about i guess i went over to gomer's apartment one day and the designer and gomer they went to the bookstore and they got all these fancy like
cool books these fashion books so i go over to the apartment one day i'm like gomer that
fucking book is awesome can i borrow that book and i guess i didn't borrow it i kind of the best
part is gomer goes so i go over to abe's place Abe's place I go Oh you bought The same book I got
He goes
No this is yours bro
Gollmer's like
Fuck I knew that
Thing was missing
But Gollmer
Probably didn't give a shit
Cause that guy
Buys everything
Everyone
Everything
Well
I've got his book
Somewhere
Go to dinner with Gollmer
And you try paying
Be ready to chop
He's gonna
He's gonna
Fucking stab you
With an axe
Are you
Skates off forever?
I've never put a pair of skates on.
I'm going to get talked into it in the future.
No, I don't own a pair of skates.
I've never skated since the last.
Well, you guys look pretty good in that.
Yeah, I'm saying you know what cameras can do.
I'm saying I'm never going to get back.
I'm not going to be playing organized men's league.
I know I look like a tall drink of water.
He was big.
Those shoulder pads just do it.
You just chopped it up.
Fuck you, man.
I was brutal.
Were those accurate, the mile per hour shots?
Everyone's asking, were those accurate?
I think they dropped mine and they raised his, but yeah.
Shock.
I wasn't a good player.
I found a way to make a living at the National Hockey League,
and I am so fucking grateful.
You should, I'll tell you, you should be more grateful for his fucking
New Amsterdam vodka.
Yeah, yeah.
Because, wow.
Boy, oh boy.
Those checks are going to be.
Well, they should be grateful for fucking us.
Yeah, hey, it's a two-way street.
Now.
It's mutually beneficial.
Hey, me and Avery had a little run-in when we were in the American Hockey League.
Oh, really?
You guys fought?
Oh, yeah.
You don't remember.
Yeah, I'm not sure I remember that.
378 pounds.
It was in Wilkes-Barre.
It was when we were at the...
And then I had to fight...
So this is when he's back from Dallas, I bet.
No, this is when he was...
Yeah, when he probably went to Hartford between Dallas and the Rangers.
That's right.
So he's pissed off.
I was...
Well, I was fake well, I was fake pretending
like I was a happy guy.
I had to fight Sugden because of you.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, God.
You had Devin Didio-Mitty there, too.
Oh, Devin, yeah.
Brandon fucking Sugden.
Wow.
I do not wish him on anyone.
I saw him in Syracuse.
I survived.
Holy shit.
You met him?
Where is he?
I don't know.
That guy was tough.
He's one of the toughest guys
in the NHL history.
Let's take a guess what the last league Brandon Sugden played on.
I would say the North American League in Quebec where they
Yeah, where they just
The senior league.
What team was that?
You were playing for Hartford, obviously.
I was with Wilkes-Barre.
And they'd asked me about some
And I said some comments.
I was trying to stir the pot.
I was trying to make a name for myself.
And in warm-up...
Wow, you had already played in the NHL, no?
No.
Oh, you were young.
I was young.
I was an up-and-comer.
Oh, that's funny.
And you were at the red line.
You were like, why are you talking about me?
You're like, why are you saying my name in interviews?
Who are you?
And obviously got me going.
And then your whole bench, you guys had a very vibrant vibrant bench down there you probably put money on the boards yeah
we had some fucking nut jobs the chl for the tulsa oilers so i probably said sugs sugs hey sugs
gave him like a he goes you don't fight him you pussy and i'm like fuck you fight him sugs you
would fight him three seconds into the fight every piece of equipment on his upper body would be off his body.
I've never seen it.
Nothing to grab.
Nothing.
Everything was off of his body as quick as it was like a second.
And everything was gone.
And he was a fucking nut job, Suggs.
Suggs, I loved you, buddy.
It's like we're talking about you like you're dead or something.
Call me.
The year I played against him, 45 games, one goal, 252 pims.
And I remember the war.
Syracuse rink was the war memorial.
We've been going quite a while here, and I know we've got some other guests coming in.
We've got to ask you about this.
Holy fuck, it's 7 o'clock.
I know.
You get dinner?
Jesus Christ.
Your wife and you? Where are you? Yeah. Where are you yeah where are you we gotta read the lines come on uh
what you gotta ask them about i was gonna ask you about getting your car towed and scotty gomez is
one of the guys yeah gomer gomer hey gomer come here and tell the story can i get some of that
camis what a classy what a classy gift by mike grinnell also gomer was on the ice when i did
the brodeur uh when i did the Brodeur screen,
whatever the fuck it was called.
We'll finish off with both.
The Avery rule.
And he made a sick pass, and I just buried it.
Five holes.
Oh, hey, Scott.
I can't believe I'm still here, but anyway.
We sucked you into the Vortex.
Not X.
So, Aves, I forgot we went somewhere all day,
and if you ever get in a car with Sean Avery, so Aves I forgot we went somewhere all day and
if you ever get in a car
with Sean Avery
you realize that
that he is
yeah
road rage
come to mind
but it's everyone
it's the guy
not selling hot dogs
is correct
or whatever
so it's everyone
so
me and Aves
go to dinner
with other people
and
Aves
he brought it up again
like
we thought his car
was valeted.
It wasn't.
We were just parked in the wrong spot.
I think I got out of the car and I was like, I felt I was walking on water.
Maybe we had a good game the night before.
He threw his keys up and went to the store.
I threw my keys in the air and there wasn't a valet to catch it.
It was like Woody Harrelson taking the guy's piece of pizza.
Fast forward, we walk out of the restaurant.
Gomer's with me.
I'm like, where the fuck's my car?
And then.
So me being a good teammate, I'm like, you know what, Aves?
I'll go get your car with you.
Isn't that so?
Because it had gotten towed.
It had gotten towed.
We figured out it gets towed.
So me and Aves, we go there.
And anyone's ever been to the New York City Port Authority, you know, you just, they run your show.
I mean, there's nothing you can do.
Yeah.
So I'm sitting down,
and I'm just thinking that Aves is going to go politely
up to the window in his car,
and this fucking guy goes up.
The lady's back is turned,
kind of heavier set lady,
and your back is turned,
and Aves pounds on the window like three times where
the fuck is my car you guys do this and right then and there i'm like oh my god we're gonna be here
for a long time it was bulletproof glass it was heavy ballistic glass and i didn't think she was
gonna hear me and she wasn't the nicest gal in the world and she had a twinkle in her eye being like
oh don't worry your car's coming right away. I think he was there.
I finally had to leave. I was up all night.
But speaking of Aves, we drove all the time because where we lived, we'd go to games.
And Aves would right away in the morning talk about himself, talk about what he did last night, this and that.
And finally he turns to me.
He was the runt.
That little story he just said.
So he finally turns to me one time and says,
well, what's your fucking problem, Gomer?
Like, God, you can't say morning or good morning?
I'm like, no, I just have to wait
until you're done talking about yourself.
And then morning is.
So we're leaving a game in Long Island,
and it's too bad that things couldn't get recorded back then.
And so we're leaving a game because we live by,
and Aves is just,
I'm next to him in the car and he's just,
mother fucker,
you think that?
He's on the phone
and he's probably printing.
He's like,
you think that?
Fuck, okay, you try doing this.
Oh yeah,
and he's just going off.
He's just yelling at someone.
It's just like,
holy, wow.
Who's talking then?
After about five minutes of it,
Aves is like,
hey, just put dad on the phone.
Just put dad on the phone.
I'm sitting there going, and the driver looks at me minutes of it, A's was like, hey, just put dad on the phone. Just put dad on the phone.
And I was sitting there going,
and the driver looks at me
and I'm like,
what the fuck?
So to your point,
I think my mom was like
giving me shit
that I played like shit
that night
and we were going,
I don't know,
I guess she probably,
yeah,
we were going at it
on the phone.
You're like,
how did you see my body
of work this year,
mother?
How did the chicken
go back to his childhood?
Totally.
I had four points in six games.
I drew two minors.
Are you kidding me, mother?
So the first time you play against Aves, you know it's coming.
Another guy was Steve Otter.
You hear that you're going to go against a prick on the ice.
And we all say no one's going to get to you.
So anyway, I'm taking a face-off, and here he is.
There's the Sean Avery that came over from Hollywood,
and he's just chirping.
He's saying he's got that stupid look like you said
when he was about to fight you.
His little eyes squint.
He's chirping and chirping.
And I just turned to Haves, and I'm like,
hey, man, I smoke pot.
Chill out.
And Haves was like, oh, okay.
And that was the end of it.
I never had a problem with Aves.
And everyone's like, wow, you guys mind?
I'm just like, that was pretty easy.
But yeah, Aves, I don't want to fuck out, dude.
We're so wound up.
If I would have been like, dude, I think you're funny.
You're a good guy.
And you're like, oh.
I came to the bench.
I was thinking to myself, fuck, Gomez is a pretty good guy out there.
All right.
That's all it took.
Poor Marty.
That's where it went.
All right, let's talk about this.
Gomer, sit down.
You were on the ice when this all happened.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
What were you thinking?
So it's not even that.
I mean, first round, we go against the Devils.
Out of all the teams gotta go there anyway
so
and this is the thing
I think where Aves
and I'll say this
where people
have the misconception
of Aves
because we all know him
as a human being
and now as an actor
but
he was a fucking hell
of a hockey player
and that used to bug me
because I
you know
I used to
every day
have a psychiatry session
with Aves
why he's pissed about this and that.
I'm like, you could help us so much.
Like, you could, you know, you're the kind of guy.
And Aves would, of course, be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right, you're right.
And then, you know, someone would say something,
and you'd look at a fan different, and he was back to Aves.
So that just never.
Yeah, that was not much of a sponge.
So we're on the power play.
It's a five on three.
Big game.
I think it was game two, right?
Yeah, game two or three.
Game two with the Garden, and you get a five-on-three,
and people are, like, shocked that Sean Avery's in the diamond on the five-on-three,
but we know it, man.
This guy, you know, he's a good hockey player.
I'll never forget.
The puck comes in the corner.
I'm grabbing it, and I turn around. You start hearing fans do something. I puck comes in the corner. I'm grabbing it. And I turn around.
You start hearing fans do something.
I go back to the point.
I turn around.
And this cocksucker's looking at Marty.
And he's waving.
And we all, you know, people have no clue what's going on,
if this is even legal.
Now, think of the guys on the ice.
We all grew up playing hockey.
We're all like, this is playoffs.
And it's literally like, what the fuck?
So the puck comes back, and for anything, it's kind of working,
but if you watch the video, you kind of see me and Drew, Chris Drew,
we keep going back down.
It's basically like, Aves, I don't know if you can do that.
Chill out.
Turn around.
And then the best part is that people don't watch the video longer.
Yeah, Aves puts one right in.
Goal made a six pass from behind the net. weren't i'm sorry i'm interrupting you weren't
breaking any rules then i wasn't breaking any i was not breaking any rules i was on the ice with
i was on does it work were you thinking about before the shift or it just happened no me and
broder had been going at it all season long and every time i went to the front of the net he's a
fucking wily vet he tapped me in the back of the legs and i'd fall on into him and i'd get a penalty so you're on the
power play with gomez yogger drury shanahan okay i'm doing everything in my power not to fucking
take a penalty because i want those cookies i'm staying on the ice for this power play
so i'm fucking five on three and i'm so nervous before i remember skating on the ice
i'm like you dumb motherfucker do not take a penalty i'm telling myself and that and then
look what he does don't take a fucking penalty he creates a rule so i just said i turned i was like
fucking sean don't take a penalty turn around turn around i turned around and i just hit me
and i put my fucking hands up and I could hear Gomer on one side
of me
and Drew on the other
like
they're just gonna give you
a penalty
the ref didn't know
it was one of those things
he didn't know what to do
it was like semi-pro
yeah yeah
semi-pro
like
the ref was really like
Aves
Aves
travel
no that wasn't a travel
I can remember him yelling
Aves don't do that and of course Remember that The ref was like Aves Aves
Don't do that
Of course Aves
Is gonna be like
What am I doing
There's nothing wrong with this
And then he's kinda like
Yeah
It was literally
Like it literally was
And the only thing I was pissed
About not pissed
But Aves
But like
Hey
You know
Pucks on my stick
I still need another guy
Where he's fucking
You know
He's in the right
In the prime spot
And I'm like
Put your stick on the ice
Aves
I can't like
Yeah Well I did He put it right in the prime spot, and I'm like, put your stick on the ice, Aves. I can't. Yeah.
Well, he did.
He put it right in.
He just buried it.
And that MSG goal. And the NHL was like, new rules starting tomorrow.
I can't.
You can't play for the goal anymore.
The next day is the worst part is I got to drive with Aves.
We're going to Jersey.
And he's like, uh-huh.
And he's got this stupid laugh.
Like, every hockey player's got their own laugh.
And Aves is like, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh.
You see that?
They made a rule.
And so I'm like, shut up.
And then the next day,
Aves has got fucking,
Aves has got t-shirts
selling outside the garden.
The Avery rule.
And I was just like,
Jesus, fuck it.
That's such a biz move.
Yeah, like,
it was, it was.
But we were driving
and he's like,
uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh.
You see that?
And I'm like, fuck Aves,
we need...
I had my own merch store before Barstool had merch.
We were selling it out front.
I got to ask Goldmert, does it upset you that, you know,
one guy you get along with and another guy you get along with
and Marty Berger don't get along?
Do you want to bridge that gap?
It's literally, it doesn't like, and Aves answered, honestly,
it's like there's certain, and we've all had it,
I might love a coach
take a bullet for a coach this and that and one of my best friends would piss on his fucking grave
if he could it's just it is what chemistry it's a business isn't that working it's later on in life
the the whole point is later on life we all get together if you're still that prick laughs about
if you're still that prick that's sour about something that happened 20 years ago or you're still your life is not i don't mean to step on but your life hasn't probably been good
because this was a fraternity it was something special and like i said earlier with the devils
that's why the aves people it was the first question you got how is this guy you never judged
what you did yeah i mean it's on the ice we'll never like me and gomer played in in msg madison square garden before
they did the renovation we had some fucking great great games in that building that's a memory you're
gonna have for the rest of your life that's the most famous arena in the history of arenas ever
on the face of the costume in rome yeah it could be i mean i think the redo is pretty but it's also
it's it's not the. It's not the same.
It's also with Aves, too.
We're all taught as hockey players, since we don't say anything,
these guys are always right.
Maybe I got a problem with that later on.
If you're going to tell me to do something,
if you tell me to win the Stanley Cup, I've got to go through that window.
I expect you to tell me how to go through the window.
That's a voodoo question.
Like, just do it.
Well, how am I doing it?
Where, like, guys like Aves and, you know, certain guys,
they were ahead of the game about, you know, this is a business.
You're your own CEO.
We're done.
I mean, we're talking about East Coast League.
Guys play this for love, but, you know, they can talk.
Everyone can talk about how passionate it is,
but how many guys we played with, they sign,
their families go get a nice house, blah, blah, blah.
You're going to be here.
Gone.
You're gone.
And it's just okay, but we're not supposed to give our opinion.
Where Abe's, some of the antics, like the t-shirt thing.
It was like, what the fuck are you doing?
Dude, it's money in your pocket.
Yeah, that's actually something.
And it was smart, so there was a lot of things.
I think people, because I was from the old school.
I'm more of this, how did you get along with Sean Avery?
I'm like, I just cared about what Aves did on the ice.
Sean, we have to fucking end this thing, dude.
It's fucking, dude, it's 7-17.
Your wife's going to kill you.
I'm hungry.
I'm tired.
Your dogs are neat.
Aves, thank you very much.
Thanks, guys.
Yeah, you're the man.
Thank you for coming.
Drinking chemists.
Times are good.
Hey, I think this interview might make people like you.
No way.
Yeah, just kidding.
And a big thanks once again to our buddy Sean Avery for joining us.
I think that was his second or third time joining the show.
Between his house visits and show visits, it's quite a few.
And also for Scott Gomez for jumping in for a little bit, too.
Those two together was pretty fun.
Biz, can I brand you?
I know you've been doing a lot of traveling, but that stuff helps show where you're traveling.
I noticed on your nightstand you had about 17 fucking bottles over there yes i love it
it's the cbd company i helped found not a big deal and uh we we actually cut prices on the website
because we were selling so much of it so now we're able to purchase the cbd in such bulk where hey we
drop prices for our customers we still offer the biz 20 promo code. Um, I use
it in the morning. That's the, can I boost a great gets my day going? Uh, the, can I sleep is
probably our biggest selling product because of how important sleep is. And you know, I, I'm a
type of guy where my mind's racing at night. So I take the CBD sleep, uh, and, and it helps me big
time. It's got melatonin as well and uh different other sleep
aids as opposed to the cbd we have the can i men which is a rub so go to the website can i brands
dot com check it out um a lot of guys in the league are using it um i'm not going to name
names because i don't know in can't hey what's crazy they'll get drug tested fucking tomorrow
if you mention it i mean you'll you'll you won't test positive. It's all natural,
right? Not a big deal. So check out the website, guys. Many types of forms you can use at the Can I Fresh, which is just straight CBD. We have them in spray forms now too, so they're easy to
travel with. Biz20 promo code, 20 off. I think I've gone long enough. Is there anything else
they wanted us to mention? No, just mention, you know, you know, you love it. You know, you want it. So go online and hit up www.cannibrands.com.
Use the promo code biz20 to get 20 off your next purchase.
Check them out online as well at at cannibrands on Instagram to stay updated on more sweepstakes
contests and promotions as well, Biz.
Oh, I was going to say, and slowly they're wheeling it out in Canada.
So hopefully later this month or early February,
they're going to be able to get the tinctures where it has the can I boost the sleep.
And then slowly they're going to have to get in the rub.
And Canada has just been bad at introducing the cannabis and CBD.
Yeah, they drag their feet on a lot of stuff.
So can I brands the company behind all your favorite natural CBD creams,
bombs, sprays and oils.
Can I brands feel amazing?
All right, we got a little follow-up too
on a big story from a little while back.
Jeremy Roenick, he did go online
and he issued a video apology
after basically his appearance on this show,
then his subsequent suspension on NBC.
We're not going to play it here,
but you can find it on Twitter.
He basically apologizes to his coworkers
for what he said and just fucking kind of looked like he felt genuine remorse there.
So, again, we just want to pass on what he goes.
He goes on a podcast.
They're probably like, if you say spit and chiclets, we're going to tase you.
I was on a podcast.
Yeah, man.
But anyway, so, yeah, Jay, he did apologize for what he said.
Again, you can check his feed if you wanted to hear the thing in full.
We had a Rangers defenseman make some history.
Tony D'Angelo.
This actually jumped out at me.
He was the first Rangers defenseman to record a hat trick since 1982,
back when Ray Hill Roots-Selanen did it.
I was particularly surprised with that.
Brian Leach never had a hat trick.
I would have lost out that. I was surprised surprised with that. Brian Leach never had a hat trick. I would have lost out that.
I was surprised at that as well.
Don't sleep on the fact
that this Savage had two assists
in the game as well. Five point night.
Five point night
for a guy who is
going to make millions of dollars
this summer.
You've kind of heard, I've
heard rumblings before.
This guy's a free thinker, I'll say.
You know, I think there's been times
when Tony D'Angelo is a guy who speaks his mind, right?
We're going to say that.
That's kind of what I've heard.
But, dude, his play this year has been fabulous.
I mean, he's looking at a big extension.
I think he's RFA.
He has to be RFA.
He signed a one-year deal.
He's making less than a million box duties.
Does he have Arbright's?
I don't know.
I know he's RFA.
We should probably know that type of stuff, shouldn't we?
Yeah, who gives a fuck?
No, he's RFA after this season.
Okay, so we don't know if he has Arbright's.
Either way, he's going to get  if the Rangers are smart,
they're going to offer this guy, you know, six years, maybe,
maybe he could get him at, maybe he could get him a six years at like 28 million.
Maybe who knows? I mean, I don't know. He's had,
it's going to be one huge year, but I mean,
the way he's looked at times is like, do you want this guy around for,
for forever? If you're a Rangers fan, He can skate, he can move the puck, plays
with an edge. Teammates
love him. We talked to Kevin Hayes. I remember
asking him, hey, what was he like? He's like, I love that guy.
So I just think it's cool
to see a player who had some question
marks go in and have a career year at
the perfect time when he is a free agent.
Understandably so, RFA, so it
changes everything. But that game
was, you know,
a highlight of his young career so far.
It was shocking that a Rangers defenseman
didn't have a hat trick.
I thought Strudwick or Marek Malik might have had one.
And you mentioned the two assists.
He also tied the franchise record
with five points in a game by a defenseman.
So kudos to D'Angelo.
Also got a little news out of the Midwest as well.
Robin Laina says that he's open to re-upping with the Blackhawks this summer,
but he won't take less money to sign.
He says, we'll see what happens, but I've been taking discounts my whole life.
I'm not a guy who wants to be overpaid either.
I want to gain some respect that I think I deserve.
Sounds like Fredo Cullinan.
We'll see if that happens or not.
We'll see what happens.
All I know is I really like it here, and we'll see.
I've learned enough.
This is a business, and no matter how good things are going,
how well you like it, sometimes it's not up to you.
It's not in your control.
Any reaction to this here?
My reaction is I've never understood why an athlete will publicly say,
I'm not taking a discount.
What is the point of that? When you're doing the negotiations, I'm not taking a discount. Like what, what is the point of that?
When you're doing the negotiations, I mean,
you could tell them that when behind closed doors, I've just,
when negotiations get, get public,
the only time I think it makes any sort of sense is if a T if a player and his
agent think that this team's completely fucking us,
like we are being totally reasonable. I mean, in a situation like Leonard,
like nothing even has been brought up in terms of like an exact extension
that we know of.
And then just publicly to say, I'm not taking a break
or I'm not taking a discount.
It's like that makes no sense to me.
It really doesn't.
Another part of the quote, too, we said,
I'd like to be a part of this turnaround,
which is kind of interesting because it kind of subtly acknowledges that the hawks are trying to
turn things around even though uh you know the front office might not come out and say that but
it was an interesting quote i thought uh we got some best wishes we want to send along as well
hockey hall of famer and barry colt colts head coach dale howichek underwent a successful
gastrectomy per a tweet from his son eric. That's a surgical removal of pot or all of your stomach.
It was announced back in October that Dale Howarchuk was diagnosed with stomach cancer.
So we continue to wish Dale the best.
Hopefully he's feeling well and he's on the road to recovery.
What's up, Whit?
Dale Howarchuk, I say it every time, but he comes into my mind,
not because of what you just mentioned, but also Connor McDavid, who turns 23 today.
He is top five for points in NHL history.
He's fifth before the age of 23.
Lemieux, Gretzky, Crosby, McDavid.
And as it goes along with Dale Howarchuk a lot,
people don't realize how good he was.
He's the fifth guy.
I think he's third in points before being 23.
So the most underrated, great player of all time, Dale Howarchuk.
We're thinking of him.
Absolutely.
And also another note, too, Toronto Mollies assistant coach Rob Davison,
he had a grand mal seizure right before Friday's game versus the Texas Stars.
And giving the timing and state of the players and staff after witnessing
the event, the Mollies decided to forfeit the game. I mean, that's a pretty traumatizing thing to see anybody
have a seizure, but especially someone you're close to and to have it happen right in front of
you. That's, you know, it's tough to expect guys to just go and turn it on and play a professional
game after that. But fortunately, Davison, he was kept overnight. He was stabilized,
released from the hospital. He was able to fly back to Toronto for further evaluation.
He'll be away from the team indefinitely for medical leave,
but it's good to hear he was, like I said,
able to at least fly back to Toronto,
and we're sending out well wishes his way as well.
Biz, do you know this fellow at all?
Do you have a cross paths with him?
No.
No, I don't.
I remember playing against him.
Tough bastard, stay-at-home D-man, competitor.
I don't know him personally, though.
All right.
Can I just hop in there?
What's the name again?
Rob Davison. Not Davidson.
Davison. That's okay.
All right. Had some other sad news
out of Canada as well. Canadian
rock legend and drummer and lyricist
for the band Rush, Neil Peart.
He passed away at the age of 67 from brain
cancer. I wasn't a huge Rush fan growing up, but if you didn't know who Neil Peart was, then you
probably weren't a rock and roll fan. He's one of the truly great drummers in the annals of rock
history. If you've never seen a picture of his drum kit, we can have G tweeted out later. It's
incredible. He's got like, it looks like 40 fucking drum cymbals, all the shit that he has to play. He was a pretty brilliant, well-read guy as well. And in his final years of
touring, I thought this was interesting. He didn't actually take the bus. He would drive his motorcycle
from gig to gig, which is pretty interesting. But again, he's Canadian rock and roll royalty.
Potter Rush, Neil Peart, again, passed away at 67. Our condolences to, well, basically his family,
friends, and all of Canada
because I know how proud Canada is of the rock band Rush.
Biz, I know you're a little younger, but were you a Rush guy at all?
I mean, I like their tunes.
I don't put them on a lot when they come on the radio.
I'll keep them on, though, but it's such a shame.
I mean, was he playing up until he passed?
Was he?
No, I don't think Rush has toured for a couple years,
and he's had the brain cancer for a little while too,
so I don't think he was in any sort of shape to tour as well.
But he certainly left one hell of a legacy,
and he was one hell of a drummer for sure.
But switching over to a little more fun news,
you guys have been following the NFL playoffs.
Whit, I know you were watching all weekend.
Whit, what was your favorite game all weekend?
The only game I won because I got dummied gambling.
Bill O'Brien, the worst head coach of the league for the Houston Texans.
Now that Garrett's fired.
Fucking up that game against the wagon Kansas City Chiefs.
How did he fuck it up?
Dude, how did he fuck it up?
They got 0-2.
Was it 21 or 24-0?
24-0.
They were up 24-0 on one of the best teams in the NFL on the road
after beating the Bills.
And I have them at plus 10.5.
So I'm up 34.5 points right now.
I'm laughing.
Dude, they have the ball.
It's fourth and, like, a centimeter.
He decides to  then he kicked the field goal now and that's what made him go up 24 nothing right so even whatever i i didn't
necessarily agree with the decision that was what that was when they kicked to go up 24 nothing
right all right i know he i'm not sure because i'm sorry it was was. Well, either way, Biz. Either way, Biz. They go on to, I think, give up one touchdown 24-7, whatever.
Buddy, he's on his own 30-yard line, the coach.
Fake punt.
Obviously shut down by this savage on Kansas City like Stevenson or something.
I don't know.
This guy was all over the field.
White ball guy crushing people, making plays for the chiefs.
So obviously they lose the ball. Kansas city goes in. You know what they did?
They outscored them 51 to seven. The rest of the game blew them out.
I didn't even cover let alone like even sniff covering.
It was just a complete joke of a, of a, of a game that,
that by no means was locked
down as a win for Houston, but
coaching decisions like faking a punt
and when all the momentum is already
with Kansas City and you're on your own side
of the 50, dude, you're up by
17 points.
Just dumb, dumb.
Everyone's like, oh, if he'd gotten it, people would have said
great play. Well, actually
if he'd gotten it, I would have said, oh, that was nice,
but that was stupid.
Why do you even do that?
So it was a fun weekend for football, but I got crushed.
I had the over in, what was Tennessee?
Tennessee, who'd they beat?
Baltimore.
They beat Baltimore by between 14 and 17 points.
I'm sorry, the over in San Fran Mini didn't hit.
I then had Baltimore, which I didn't even like.
I knew I had a funny Brad feeling about that.
So I lost that, and then I lost Houston,
and then I had the over in Green Bay.
My Packers won, so I don't give a shit.
Good job, Pack.
Aaron Rodgers, you're the man.
You didn't even watch the game, I bet.
Well, because we had a game with the Coyotes,
so I didn't get to see much of it.
So the Coyotes played Pittsburgh Penguins,
who have been battling injuries.
Sid was supposed to make his return, but then didn't.
Well, there was rumor he was going to make his return.
Brendan Tanev, very, very, very impressed with this guy.
He was all over the ice last night.
That third line for the Penguins were very dominant.
Bluger, Aston Reese, and then Tanev scored his fucking 10th of the year yesterday.
Ended up tying that game late in the third period.
Then they go on winning like the eighth or ninth round of a shootout.
But I tell you what what when he signed that
deal i i hadn't watched him enough i was like oh my god like who like why is he getting this much
money well jim rutherford fucking knew something that no one else didn't because he had a he had
a fairly limited role in winnipeg and he gets this six-year 21 million dollar deal this summer for a guy who was like a bottom six I
I would say probably a labeled as a fourth liner right and and he's played considering with their
injuries he's probably gotten more opportunity but I tell you what he shined he was great on
the penalty kill um and and just um a very good player who who I think a lot of people are starting to respect a lot more after now he's on the main stage.
Well, Whit, hopefully you didn't get croaked too bad
and you saved a few bucks for vittles
because DoorDash has a sweet offer for everybody out there listening.
DoorDash connects you to your favorite restaurants in your city.
Ordering is easy.
You open the DoorDash app, choose what you want to eat,
and your food will be
delivered to you wherever you are not only is your favorite pizza joint already on door dash but
there are over 340,000 restaurants in 3,300 cities so you might find a new favorite too
and with the door-to-door delivery in all 50 states and Canada order from your local go-tos
or choose from your favorite national restaurants like Chipotle, Wendy's, Chick-fil-A, and the Cheesecake Factory.
Don't worry about dinner.
Let dinner come to you with DoorDash.
And right now, our listeners can get 5 off their first order of 15 or more
when you download the DoorDash app and enter the promo code CHICKLETS.
That's 5 off your first order when you download the DoorDash app
from the App Store and enter the promo code CHICKLETS.
Don't forget, that's promo code CHICKLETS for 5 off your first order
from DoorDash.
Hopefully you didn't get whacked too badly.
And, R.A., just to chase that ad there, I wanted to give you guys
some more stats.
So since the beginning of December, Penguins are 14-3-1.
Without Sidney Crosby in the lineup this year they're 18 6 and 4
malkins played 26 games this year without sid in the lineup 38 points he had another two assists
against the coyotes he was a fucking bully out there um and in malkin's career 198 points and 998 points in 146 games without Sid. He has a.2 better points per game without Sid in the lineup.
I think he's at 1.36 or something points per game without Sid.
So for that narrative that some of you whack shows have that this guy,
he can drive his own bus is what I'm saying
a big old bus and not the short one
big old gray house not the bus
you took to school biz
alright boys now time to send it over to the gambling corner
I'm gonna stretch my arm
here and pat myself on the back cause I did
pop that fucking 29 to 1 shot
I texted you guys Saturday night
Tennessee would win by between 14
and 17. So I
whacked that for a couple of Gs and all that
that was paid for all my puck line losses
for the rest of the weekend. And thankfully
the Sabres bailed me out. But I
said it before. I cannot tweet out all my picks
guys. It's like Saturday
I had 20 different pieces of action. I can't tweet
out that many fucking picks. So I know
tweeting winners after the fact is like
oh what the fuck. But so when you pop a 29 to one shot for six grand, you got to fucking tweet that shit
out.
Well, they probably loved it considering they picked all your hockey picks and they were
fucking in the hole.
No, actually, no, I had a nice little week.
Yeah, I had a good decent week on the corner picks.
You know, the stuff I posted last week.
Yeah, I think I'm a three in one.
But either way, let's look ahead to this week.
And Tuesday night, that's where my
two picks are coming from for this segment.
A couple of road guys.
Vegas is in Buffalo.
If, if, if, big if, if
Marc-Andre Fleury gets the start, we're going to
be on Vegas. We're going to be taking
them on the money line for, we'll call it
a dime. A dime on the money
line. That's going to be
1,700, I bet. At least to it a dime. A dime on the money line. That's going to be 1,700, I bet, at least, to win a G.
Minus 170?
Yeah, in Buffalo?
Well, again, this bet is only if Marc-Andre Fleury starts.
But either way, I'm going to throw 1,000 on the money line for Vegas
and a nickel on the puck line as well.
All righty.
Yeah, I think they're looking to hit the road.
They've been hitting a little bit of a stumble lately.
And also the same night, another team that we just discussed
that I think has turned it around a bit, Nashville Predators.
They are in Edmonton.
So we're going to jump on Nashville.
We'll go Nashville.
We'll go Moneyline for a nickel.
And we'll go Puckline for 250 to make whatever that is.
So, again, Vegas and Buffalo Tuesday night.
We're going to take Vegas for a dime on the Moneyline,
nickel on the Puckline, and Nashville. We're going to take Vegas for a dime on the money line, nickel on the puck line, and Nashville.
They're at Edmonton, go 500 on the money line and 250 on the puck line.
And that will conclude the gambling corner for this episode.
Boys, the Oscar nominations just came out as we were recording.
I don't know if you had a chance to catch them yet,
but Robert De Niro did not get nominated for Best Actor,
but Joe Pesci and
Al Pacino both got supporting actor
nominations for their work in The Irishman
I'm sure the odds will be posted and I'll have some
wages on this at some point being
degenerate that I am
I don't think Robert De Niro deserved a
best actor nomination for that movie
I didn't think the movie was that
great but do you think Leo's going to get a
best actor for the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood?
He did get nominated, yeah.
No Adam Sandler from Uncut Gems either, R.A.
Wow, that's...
I mean, I don't know if it's a stunner.
He was very good in it, but I think there's probably
some sort of snobby segment to the voters
that think he's still like Adam Sandler
who makes all those goofy, shitty Netflix movies
and they probably fucking didn't want to give him the respect he deserved
for this role. Who's up for best actor and best actress?
Okay, for actor,
Antonio Banderas
in this movie Pain and Glory. I haven't seen it yet.
Not familiar with it. Leonardo DiCaprio
for Once Upon a Time. Adam
Driver in Marriage Story. He was
excellent in that. Joaquin Phoenix
in Joker. Oh, he's probably
going to win. He was excellent than that.
And also Jonathan Price in The Two Popes.
I haven't seen it.
I can't say it's on my list of movies to see.
For actress, Cynthia Erivo.
She was in Harriet, the movie about Harriet Tubman.
Never heard of her.
Harriet Tubman.
I haven't seen the movie.
Scarlett Johansson.
She was nominated for.
Heard of her.
Yeah.
Well, but she was not
nominated for marriage story uh let's see but uh uh sasha ronan she was nominated for little woman
i think that's her fourth nomination i think she might have set a record for most nominations by a
certain age by a woman uh chalice theron she was nominated for bombshell and renee zellweger was
nominated for judy which is the Judy Gowan movie.
She's the chalk right now, from what I understand, Renee Zellweger.
Really? She's still on top, eh?
I don't watch enough of these Oscar movies.
Actually, no, Bish.
She hadn't really done much work of really anything for a while,
and she kind of came out of nowhere and played this Judy Gowan role,
and she crushed it, according to everybody who's seen it.
The movie got so, so reviewed,
but they said she's so good in it
that she's probably going to win the Oscar.
And as far as motion picture, we got a few of them here.
Ford vs. Ferrari, which the Wit Dog said was an excellent movie.
You loved it, eh, Wit?
Love that movie.
Haven't seen it yet myself.
The Irishman, which we just discussed a second ago.
Jojo Rabbit, I haven't seen that one yet.
Pardon?
Jojo Rabbit, it's about that
little kid he hit like hitler's like i was just saying pardon like what is it i have no clue
okay uh joker which we just talked about i don't think it was uh that great of a movie i don't
think it i don't think it'll win little women uh was nominated as well marriage story once upon a
time in hollywood uh 1917 which is the world war one movie i'm gonna go see that later with paulie Marriage Story, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, 1917,
which is the World War I movie.
I'm going to go see that later with Pauly Walnuts.
And the last movie that was nominated, which I hope this wins,
was Parasite, which is a foreign language film,
which they don't get nominated for Best Picture all too often. And for my money, that was the best movie I saw in 2019, Parasite.
All right.
Quickly, because I've got to go soon,
the reminder of the prank we used to pull.
So when I was in Pittsburgh, for some reason, I had two cars.
Like, you know, the power play D-man with the big contract
at the Escalade and the Mercedes-Benz.
So I'd have, like, my buddies come out and drive them home with me.
So in this Escalade, I had a phone number attached to it,
but it was just like a random 617 number.
So we spent nine hours driving back from Pittsburgh to Boston.
I'm not kidding you.
We pranked at least 100 people, if not more, and got all of them.
All of them.
So I would call up, and it was perfect because it was not only was it a
random 617 number, it was also like because the speakerphone,
when you used to call from the escalator, it would like the speakers up,
you know, where the what's the thing that blocks your sunglasses?
Yeah.
What's the thing that blocks the sun, though?
I never blocker.
No, dude.
It ain't called the sun blocker because I always get made fun of.
What's it called?
All right.
It drops down and blocks the sun
when you're driving.
Grinnelli?
I know. Why is it escaping me right now?
This is so pathetic
of a podcast.
Nobody knows the name of the thing that blocks the sun
while you're driving. Sunblocker.
We're going with the sunblocker. It doesn't even matter to the story.
Everybody knows exactly what the
fuck you're talking about. It's a sunblocker.
Not dashboard either.
So the speaker, because it's a couple inches feet away,
like it muffles your voice a little bit.
So even people who knew my
Oh, visor.
Visor.
That's what Witt wears on the golf course.
Oh, I was just going to say nerds wear visors golfing.
So I would call up, and right away'd say it was a buddy, Tim.
Hey, is this Tim?
Yeah, this is Tim.
Hey, this is Billy Mayfair calling.
I'm with Kiss 108, which is a local station in Boston for everyone wondering.
It's actually 107.9.
I remember being 10 years old and being shocked it was called Kiss 108
when it was actually 107.9. Talk about being 10 years old and being shocked it was called Kiss 108 when it was actually 107.9.
Talk about rounding up.
So this is Billy Mayfair.
Billy Mayfair, by the way, is an old golfer.
He's like 5'9", a buck 30, and he's like a champion store golfer.
This is Billy Mayfair with Kiss 108.
I want to congratulate you.
You've won four tickets to the Red Sox-Yankees game Labor Day weekend
at Fenway Park.
Ten rows up from the third base side.
Congratulations.
Every time the person, Tim, Tim, what?
I didn't even apply for a contest like that.
What do you mean?
I'm like, yeah, well, listen, we had a bunch of big old fishbowls
filled in local malls.
You know, we had the Cambridgeside Galleria.
We had the South Shore Plaza.
And you could drop your phone number in and possibly get a win. So somebody must have put your number in.
Congratulations. Holy shit. This is unbelievable. Every person is so dumb. Oh, this is awesome. I'm
like, we just need one thing from you. One thing, because, you know, we're giving away these tickets.
We're going to play. We're going to play your voice on the station. So I'm going to need you,
Tim. Just give me a you're listening to Kiss 108, the best music in Boston. And every single time, Tim or Lindsay, whoever we
were calling, we had half girls too. They were easier to get than guys. They, they, they you're
listening to kiss one Oh eight, the best music in Boston. Now, mind you, if this person had screamed
the first attempt that we were going to play on the station, I was like, listen, that was
good, but, you know, let's give
it a real oomph. You know, we just won
four tickets to Sox Yankees. Give me your best.
And the next time, all 100 people,
yo, listen to Kesh Wally!
The best music in
Boston!
Wally and I
would be laughing so
fucking hard. So hard. so hard, biting, biting, biting my T-shirt.
I mean, thank you so much.
That was perfect, Tim.
Now, listen, stay on the line.
I'm going to bring my assistant in.
They're going to get your info, your address.
They're going to send you the tickets.
Have a blast at Sox, Yankees, and go Sox.
And they'd be like, awesome.
And we'd just hang up.
That is fucking...
It took past nine hours
hearing
1800, you're listening to
Kiss Huawei, the best music in Boston.
Is that radio station still going?
We pranked a guy that we ran
into at this party. And the guy's like, dude, remember when? We pranked a guy that we ran into at this party.
And the guy's like, dude, remember when you guys pranked me?
And I said, holy shit, dude, we forgot all about that.
Hey, how long until people caught on that it was you guys?
Or did you have to tell people?
Never.
When they hung on the line to give their info, we'd hang up.
Right.
So he said, remember when you guys pranked me? How did he eventually find out that you guys pranked him? Oh, there was a couple people, like our buddies, we'd hang up. Right, but so he said, remember when you guys pranked me, how did he eventually
find out that you guys pranked him?
There was a couple people, like our buddies, we called
and like, dude, that was like,
whatever, we told, but like we were
picking on like random like girls or whatever
from our phones and never even,
they're here right now for the first time. If those
tickets never came, we apologize.
That was such a good way to end the episode oh man yeah back in the
pre-caller id days you can get away with fucking murder on the phone well it was a random number
so it didn't matter so wednesday night we're gonna have the rink shrink with us he said he's got a
bunch of stuff to talk about so that'll be thursday's episode and we don't know who we're
dropping yet for an interview but we look forward to it we do can we tell them oh what we're doing
what we're doing we're gonna do loophole o'b we look forward to it. What are we doing? Can we tell them? Oh, what are we doing? What are we doing? We're going to do
Lupo O'Brien together when they were
in studio with Mikel. Okay,
Mikel. Andy McLaughlin involved, so we've got
three guys there. And
also, Scotty Upshaw. We're going
to be interviewing him on Tuesday, which will
be tomorrow, about his Spangler
Cup experience, what he's been
doing over in Europe. And so, basically,
we got the trio so it's
gonna be fun episode we can't wait what's that we're bringing up beyond that means i bet i better
fucking fucking iron a shirt and look nice yeah yeah that's what'll make you iron a shirt all
right guys as always have a great one thank you sorry about the delay but we appreciate you
listening love you bye as always we'd like to say thanks to our awesome sponsors and hopefully you
listeners are taking advantage of the dynamite deals that come your way and for phillips norelco
you definitely want to check out the phillips norelco one blade it's good stuff and we're also
having the barstool stubble bowl so you want to go to barstoolstubblebowl.com enter to win a free
trip to miami for two including round trip airfare hotel, access to Barstool Radio and VIP
tickets to Rough and Rowdy 11 in Miami. Again, go to barstoolstubblebowl.com for that. To check out
Can I Brands, go to www.canibrands.com and use the promo code biz20 to receive 20 off your next
purchase. And for DoorDash, you want to get 5 off your first order of 15 or more,
you download the DoorDash app and enter the promo code CHECKBITS. Have a great week, everybody. Thank you.
