Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 236 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade flavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
We got another episode of Chicklets, which means another guy in the NHL loses his job.
We'll be getting to that in a little bit.
First off, we do want to apologize for the tidiness.
The weather threw off some flight plans, and the flight plan threw off some other shit.
And la-di-da-di-da, we're coming to you day late, so we do appreciate your patience.
But let's do a little around the table, say hi to the boys, see what's going on first.
Our producer, Mikey G. Mikey Grinelli, what's up, guy? What's up, boys? I'm just happy
I'm not the producer of an MLB podcast because what a shit show that is over there. Listen,
I will say this. I have not heard a word of it on Twitter. I must not follow enough baseball people.
Really? You haven't seen anything about the baseball cheating scandal on twitter biz
listen a few things have like popped up here and there but no like hardcore debating no like me
i've just kind of missed it all for some reason and uh although who's the carabas
yeah he posted a picture today finally that was the first thing that i noticed and i swear on my
mother's life guys because this has been like the story of all of sports that's why i was because i don't
watch tv much either so i haven't really seen it and i know that it's crazy and after hearing the
whole story because i actually when i was in toronto the other week i ran into the canadian
national baseball uh team because they were having a little banquet at the same hotel i was staying
at one of the kids was i think he plays for the braves he's a stud and i was picking their brain about it because
i'd heard about it and they were telling me they had a guy in the dugout behind all these towels
that he was fucking buzzering guys arms and shit where they would where they knew a strike was
coming this is oh no i thought yeah okay so the original one was the banging of the trash cans about the pitches.
At the beginning of all of this story, I was kind of like,
if you ain't cheating, you ain't trying.
I feel like in baseball, people have been stealing signs
since fucking Shoeless Joe was running out of the cornfields.
And I'll tell you right now, so I was like, whatever.
It's not a big deal.
The fact that they're saying these dudes had buzzers on their shoulders and it was like
dude that's what i'm like hey man uh it's a it's a curveball it was like a dog leaving the yard it's like a bad movie or something so hey so i was i was automatically thinking of
people who cheated blackjack because they have the buzzers i believe to keep track of um how
many high cards have hit so i think people do that with their mind as well this is nuts though
to have a buzzer on there it's it's dude even the banging of the barrels is fucking hilarious when
you think about it like
okay so my buddy my buddy who's on barrel duty tonight my buddy who played college baseball
college hockey and college baseball shut up bonzo what up kid he actually told me that forever like
to steal when if you can steal signs you'll yell out um the batter's first name if they know that
a slow pitch i mean uh an off speed's coming or they'll yell out the batter's first name if they know that a slow pitch, I mean, an off-speed's coming,
or they'll yell out the batter's second name if it's a fastball.
And so this has always gone on.
But let me tell you something.
They never had electrical outlets coming out of your shoulder socket
zapping you if it was a forced-seem fastball.
Imagine one of the guys caught fire.
I was thinking that.
Oh, shit.
The guy takes his uniform off.
Looks like the fucking terminated underneath.
Hey, what's the movie?
Saving Silverman.
Good call.
Hey, great movie.
Hey, I turned an RA for a second.
Hey, I'm going to say 75 of our listeners have no clue about that movie,
and you're all missing out if you haven't seen it.
I don't think it's a popular movie.
It's weird.
I would agree.
It's a cult movie, I believe.
I feel like I haven't talked to you guys in five weeks.
This is awesome.
Yeah, we're buzzing.
Seriously.
Those other two fellas, we've got to keep routine here.
Paul Biznasty Bissonette, that's not a familiar room behind you.
Where are you right now, buddy?
I feel like we're in four corners of the continent right now.
Dude, you said all my names. I was like,
what did I do wrong?
You said right now like seven times.
I thought you only walked in
and he's spanking off again.
By the way,
people were loving when you called me out for that.
I have other...
Actually, people should know I have other
biz mom starting
lineup reads. Those will be maybe a once-a-month treat.
All right.
Yeah, spontaneous.
But I'm in Vancouver.
I came here.
The Coyotes, actually, I'll be a little bit late.
I'll probably get there halfway through the first period.
They're playing at Rogers Arena in Vancouver.
They have four head-to-head matchups in the second half of the season.
And Vancouver has  I don't want to say they've surprised a lot of people
because, like, they made a few really good moves
and they're getting a little aggressive for maybe what they have so far.
But, hey, man, there are two games in hand on the Coyotes.
And, you know, if they can win some hockey games,
they could sneak in a playoffs, boys.
I am here.
I'm going to check that out.
And then the Vancouver Warriors lacrosse game on Friday night.
It's beach night. It is a a fucking blast i cannot wait to go i actually brought my girlfriend in town and uh
i'm gonna show her around vancouver so no no kills to report this weekend so she brought the old
cock block so there's just guaranteed one one place she isn't going begins with an r ends with
a y with a zero and an X in between.
But here's the thing.
She's fucking awesome.
She's probably laughing in the bathtub right now at me calling her a cock block.
Nothing offends her.
She's a fucking lawyer.
She's fucking intelligent.
She's telling me what to do with my money.
This is going to sound bad.
She's telling me, she's like, why aren't you set up for this kind of account where you have a tax-free state?
And I'm like, what the fuck are you talking about?
Yeah, dude, if I didn't have somebody telling me to do all that stuff, I would be like, I'd have a checking account.
That's it.
I'd have 30 million in a checking account in Bank of America.
I'd definitely get a platinum card from them.
Can I put this in a CD?
Listen, I'm smart enough to know where to spread it around and shit, but like
the little tricks of the trade
where like I haven't fully trusted somebody
to manage my money. Great that I'm
saying this because I'm going to get 50 fucking
DMs about it.
No, I'm going to fucking vet
this person. I'm going to have, listen,
I'm going to look the person in the eye who handles
my money and say, if you lose my money, I'm going to
kill you. I'm going to murder you and your family
and it's done
I wouldn't wish
on my
worst enemy to be Paul
Bissonette's financial advisor
you would get a phone call
every morning at 5am
every lunchtime at
12.30 and every
evening right around 7.15 and if there was a day that the
market didn't do great you might get five calls they'd be too mixed in with the snack time so
don't reach out to them people you don't need that in your life that's true yeah it's bang on man
and there's there's a few things that are coming up we got luca caputi coming on in a couple weeks
i don't know when we're dropping that interview,
but he was dropping some hard truth to Sillin on me where I was like,
yeah, all right, anyway, I've rambled.
Yeah, you're a fucking stone.
You're obviously in Vancouver, so that's kind of redundant.
Oh, I'm tired.
I think they hand you a joint once you get off the plane,
like, welcome to Vancouver.
Here you go.
Oh, I just went to the store today and they got everything, dude.
You would love it here, all right? Yeah, I need to get back there. And last but not Well, I just went to the store today and got everything, dude. You would love it here, Ari.
Yeah, I need to get back there.
And last but not least, the fourth member of the crew, the wit dog,
Ryan Whitney.
You're also in an unfamiliar room.
Where are you, friend?
Yeah, I'm in, like, the middle of Florida, Orlando.
Not the best town, not the worst.
But when you're in Florida, not on the water, you're like,
what am I doing with my life right now? I'll say, golf and i came down here i'm playing golf i played today thursday
friday saturday fly home saturday night so a quick little hit down here and uh listen biz i want to
give you some serious credit because you say some things sometimes that people are like, that ain't right, blah, blah, blah. Well, you went on Twitter and you called out Garland
as the number one point producer for guys not on their entry-level contract.
I said he's got to be the best guy.
Just based on what I've seen in the NHL, this is eye test.
I don't have these analytics.
I said he's got to be the best player, bang for your buck-wise,
off of an entry-level deal. Keep that in buck-wise, off of an entry-level deal.
Keep that in mind, folks, off of an entry-level contract in the NHL.
Yeah, a lot of people are mentioning all those guys.
Because people started tweeting Kel McCarr.
It's like, what?
Yes, listen, he has to make that much.
He has to make that much.
That's as much as he can make.
But it was cool to see that the guy
someone tweeted you back with the actual advanced stat numbers
to prove that he is the best deal right now in hockey,
not on an entry-level deal.
He is, buddy, he's a superstar.
And it's, he's...
Listen, and why I say that, dude, is game in and game out,
when this guy steps on the ice, he'll create things all on his own.
It doesn't matter if Taylor Hall's on the line with him
because I fucking, he's the one who forechecks it and goes and gets it and then he he does that like quick little turn up where like
the defense uh who did it recently in uh and bundled it was barzell bundled some kid from
detroit it was like oh okay that was like uh that's who used to do i don't know if i ever told
you i i witnessed taylor pyatt who was like basically my boyfriend
i was in the crowd watching and uh at the joe lewis one night and pies he got cut out there
late on the shift and they turned him over in the offensive zone and that suit came out
buddy he that's like he turned him inside out twice at the hash mark and once on the
off the back of the net one and i was standing in the crowd with my billet dad like,
no, Taylor, no.
I felt terrible.
So, yeah, anyway, he's a superstar.
I'd rather take the trash out every day of the week,
and my driveway is about a mile long,
and I hate taking the trash out,
than get caught out on the ice at the end of the shift
and see Pavel Batsuk pop over.
Because not only are you going to catch a minus,
you're possibly catching a lifetime of a highlight
that'll just crush you.
So I can tell how Paisley was probably
that's nightmare fuel right from the get-go.
And R.A., to toss it over to you, like, as a fan, like I'm telling you,
it's like he sniffs the blood.
He's like a shark.
He's like, oh, my God, I found a weakness.
Watch this.
And he'll expose it.
That's on the ice.
Yeah, but, like, some guys, like, it's just like they're just
they turn the sixth sense on anyway.
But, yeah, Garland's a stud.
You did mention we got a boatload of guests coming up,
and we'll let you know who we have coming on a little later.
This was a wild one.
We got Joffrey Lupo, Shane O'Brien, and Andy McLaughlin all at the same time.
They came down to headquarters when we were down there at Christmastime.
By then, it's safe to say that the vino and beer was flowing pretty good.
So this is probably the most inside baseball.
For you.
I think people are going to get a kind of a little glimpse
into what we got at the Chinese restaurant
when you ate Brett Merriman's food when you woke up of Buckled R.A.
Because there were times during this interview,
I remember it was a long day, a lot of pink Whitney,
and we broke open the Caymus.
I didn't drink four bottles by myself.
Exactly.
So there you go.
So that's your excuse to be here, R.A., rambling on waffled.
It's so on brand, though. Like, you got crippled, but it's like,
who gives a shit? That's what makes this, this podcast. Like, I mean,
maybe I'd be a little upset if Wayne Gretzky was in the room and,
and you were drooling on yourself and like, I'm like, Hey, you're up, man.
Like you watch this era. We need you.
Yeah, absolutely. And it's funny, too. Uncle Gigi,
who, by the way, he called in to check
in like, hey, what kind of
buzz did we get off of my voicemail?
I'm like, dude, not one person mentioned the voicemail,
but this fucking sandwich is taking
over the fucking Twitter right now.
I mean, dude, I've been getting dozens of tweets
of people loving the sandwich.
I would honestly say 90... How many tweets
have you gotten?
I was thinking you were retweeting every one of them. people like loving the sandwich. I would honestly say 90. How many tweets have you gotten? I would.
What did you call it?
Definitely.
I was thinking you were retweeting every one of them.
No,
I've seen like 10 retweets.
I would.
All right.
Burner accounts.
No,
you can,
you can legit check to it.
I would say I've gotten pork Neely hard for you.
69.
She crushed her six,
nine,
six,
nine tweeted.
It was a reverse six,
nine biz.
Oh, all right. Listen listen I saw a couple guys
Have really
Put it on thick that they're enjoying that
Breakfast sandwich
I told everyone I hate cream cheese
That's why it's so disgusting to me
The jelly and the bacon
Whatever
I'd rather have syrup on bacon
But whatever People are still nuts to me What did you call the sandwich originally Jelly and the bacon, whatever. I'd rather have syrup on bacon, but whatever.
People are still nuts to me if they like it.
What did you call the sandwich originally, Whit?
I was dying laughing.
Trash can something.
Bucket of trash or something?
Bucket of trash.
Trash.
Bucket of bacon trash with a side of cream cheese.
Regardless of the number of tweets, I would say 98 of them were in favor of the sandwich.
They loved it.
All right.
I saw more tweets about that fucking sandwich that I did about the
Altuve electrocution at Bats.
You know how Mikey's like, oh, you guys,
we're close to 100,000 YouTube subscribers.
We got to get there.
Let's pump the YouTube channel, which I love.
You want to know how you can guarantee we lose subscribers if you
put a video of RA eating that stupid
trash bucket sandwich when we're in St. Louis?
The whole look
of the sandwich is disgusting.
All the pictures people send, it looks like
a bunch of puke wrapped in a little
wrapper getting ready to throw in the trash.
That's the irony of the sandwich.
It doesn't look good, but it's fucking delicious
as anything. Well, anyways, he saw my karaoke video from fucking where Philadelphia.
He's like, hey, I'm not one to give advice on the Internet or whatever.
He goes, but if I were you, I wouldn't put too many videos.
You'd like drunk on the Internet like that.
Like I was fucking howling.
I'm like, God, you don't even know half the story.
So I don't know.
Maybe I'll listen to Uncle Gigi's advice.
Maybe if we brought him on, we'd have to start a whole new fucking podcast.
Can you talk about Bobby Orr for six hours?
It would be great.
All right, boys.
I think we should send it over to some real NHL news for a bit.
And yet another dismissal of an NHL coach, the Vegas Golden Knights fired
Gerard Galant on Wednesday and immediately named Pete DeBoer as the new head coach.
Another really surprising move, guys. This is his
two and a half years he's been. They led the team to
a Stanley Cup final as an expansion team
his first year there. And they're
all falling apart so quickly.
I know Kelly McCrimmon is the new GM after
George McPhee kicked himself upstairs, but
you gotta think everybody kind of signed off on
this deal. Biz, what's your take on it, buddy?
I think that he obviously gets the
raw end of the deal. Because has there been a coach who's been fucking bent over
and you know as well the rest of the rant more than this guy?
He got a shitty exit on his way to Florida.
He goes over here to this expansion team.
He takes him to the cup final.
Last year, I'm not going to debate this anymore.
He got bent over again by the reffing,
calling that a five-minute major in game seven against the Sharks.
They got fucked.
Don't tell me the whole penalty kill bullshit.
Let them down.
No, they got fucked.
And then fast forward to this year, I mean, listen, advanced stats all you want,
and at least I can back it up a little bit.
They look okay. Like, they look not bad. Like, they I can back it up a little bit. They look okay.
Like, they look not bad.
They got to catch stride a little bit.
They've had a little bit of a rough patch with four games in a row lost
before they fired them.
Corsi, third in the league.
Expected goal, second in the league.
Scoring chance percentage, second in the league.
High danger scoring chance percentage, second in the league.
Save percentage, 25th he got
the board he got the board he didn't get the fucking goaltending and he still had a over a 600
winning percentage in his time there so far okay so all of a sudden he hasn't been getting the saves
listen i'm not blaming goaltending i'm saying is goaltending can also
turn things around too okay now so looking at it that way i think he got fucked so i i didn't send
this text out to dig but i reached out to somebody who's um who watches them closely the vegas golden
knights and i i sent the text out thinking he was going to be like yeah man everybody was
shocked around here when he really wasn't and I said listen I'm not digging but what like what
do you think like like did it need to happen he goes let's just put it this way they have a very
good team and they haven't looked like it the entire season so far so inconsistent inconsistency
was there where they're on the cusp right now where it's probably one of the
easier divisions to win because they haven't been playing well and they're still right there mind
you the coyotes are in it so i'm not even being biased about this okay so they're thinking if now
is the now is the time to strike we have a bit of an excuse because we're on a four game slide and
it's been inconsistent all year and there's availability to a guy and some people are going to say DeBoer's never got
over the hump dude he brought two teams to the Stanley Cup finals where they got beat by the
superior opponent he they weren't touching the kings and San Jose they had I mean dude they
ran into the fucking Crosby and Malkin.
They ran into the dynasty, okay?
And they got them to game six there.
And I believe they went six against LA as well.
They lost to superior teams.
And DeBoer knows what it's like to at least take them on that type of run.
So some people don't like DeBoer.
I think he's an incredible coach.
He's proven at every single level he can win.
He did it in junior a million times with Kitchener.
And it just so happens that the perfect storm ends up bending over a guy
who has been fucked many times, and he's a very good coach,
and I know he'll land on his feet, and it sucks.
But that is a bold move by that organization and those guys up top,
and I'm sure they're willing to die on the sword from it, and I wouldn't be shocked if Vegas made some noise this offseason.
Yeah, I have a couple different thoughts.
First, I'll say Vegas fans, Daniel Negrano, legendary poker player.
I'm a big fan of his, actually.
I think he's listened to the pod before.
He's one of the people I'm about to rip on, Daniel.
You guys, why do you hate DeBoer so much?
I see all these Golden Knight fans.
And of all people, we hire San Jose's coach.
You hate him because he coached the team
that your team's a rival against,
and you guys had a very emotional series where you ended up
getting screwed and losing.
You hate this guy that much.
He's a good coach.
What's your fucking problem?
Because he coached your rival?
I don't want our head coach
to be our rival's old head coach.
He was a shark.
Shut up. Come on, Daniel.
You should want him. Youins have an offsuit.
It's not a big deal.
I think the guy knows exactly what he's doing.
And I think that he is a very good coach biz.
And I think that Kelly McCrimmon decided this was not,
Gallant wasn't his guy.
Gallant was hired when George McPhee was the general manager, right?
They went to the finals and, and Kelly McC was the general manager, right? They went to the
finals and Kelly McCrimmon was the assistant GM. They went to the finals. Great run. Legendary run.
May never happen again. One of the coolest stories of the year. Kelly McCrimmon then got the GM job
and George McPhee went up to president. Well, Kelly McCrimmon didn't hire Gerard Gallant.
So when you see the season gone going going the way it has been going,
and it's not your guy, right?
It's like you're not as emotionally attached to it as everyone else is.
And when I say everyone else, I say the fans,
who all seem to love Gerard Gallant,
because not only does he seem like a really nice guy,
the team's been very good, and the players.
Because the players like Gallant.
I know for a fact there's guys who couldn't believe it, were shocked,
and really, really liked him and think he got fucked.
And when you look at him getting fucked,
it is crazy to think that now twice he's been very what you look at
as at least publicly unfair firings.
And when that happens, you'll say, well, what's going on on the inside?
Is he, is he, is he an asshole? Is he treating people like shit?
Like, no. Well,
it turns out this guy's a great guy and everyone loves him.
So to have this happen twice to him,
you do understand that it is unfair.
And one reason that I know that's true.
And I was looking for the tweet and he might've deleted it,
but Bob McKenzie even tweeted something.
This is a group of really good man who lost his job and it was unfair.
And I'm paraphrasing.
I don't remember the exact quote.
I don't see it on his feed.
He might've deleted it,
but it's,
it's,
it's crazy that these teams with that,
this guy coaches,
the players love them and they're not doing that bad.
And they gas them.
Well, I guess there is room to really grow and get up to where you think,
as Kelly McCrinnon's looking at his team, where he thinks they should be in the standings.
But, fuck, if this goes sideways the same way it did, you know, right when Gallant got fired,
well, then you're like, what are we doing here?
You know what this was reminiscent of to me, guys, was when the Panthers shit-canned Bob Bugner
when Quenville became available. It's not that not that bugner like fucked up or did anything wrong
it's like holy shit we got a chance to get to get a guy that we think is better so we're gonna move
on you're comparing quenville to just the scenario i'm not saying he's on his level i want to clarify
that no i'm just saying that in other words the front office wanted this guy more he became
available so bob bugner didn't maybe deserve to be fired,
but because Quentaville became available.
Listen, I like Bug's, and I would have him on the podcast.
He's an unbelievable guy.
They had, like, the most third-period leads blown.
Like, I don't know how to word it properly.
Sorry, my brain kicked out there.
But, like they they they kept
falling apart in games and once again like as far as the coaching level yeah I think there was a lot
more there to get fired over but yeah that one was like a no-brainer because you got a hall of fame
coach who's won three cups like Christ now you now got a guy like where, where he has to make the decision knowing that he's going to get his asshole
torn. That's when you know, a guy's got balls. And that's when I,
that's what I like to see. And it just so happens.
Gallant is the, is the one, the sacrificial lamb, so to speak.
He, he also like from at least trying to talk to a couple people,
he was very...
What's the word I'm looking for here?
Where he did not change the lines very often.
What is he?
Stubborn.
Stubborn, right?
He's got guys playing first line that are producing.
You better take account of me for that kick out.
That's a kick out.
Well, I couldn't think of the word.
Stubborn is not a word that I have in my vocabulary
because I'm not a stubborn guy.
I'm someone who's going to let you guys get your way,
so just appreciate that.
But, I mean, William Carlson, right?
He had that 43 or 42 goals.
Last year, I think he dropped down to mid-20s, and now he's got 10,
and he's still playing first-line minutes.
And sometimes, you know, you're looking for changes that aren't necessarily there um but i'm still saying that when you talk
to players and you see what this team's done and and how there's some you know a lot of hockey left
this year and they could have gone on a run you do feel like this guy really gets the short end
of the stick now twice in his career as a head coach.
Interesting, too.
We talk about coaches kind of running their course.
Gallant's been with three teams,
and he's never had a fourth season with any of those three teams.
Just kind of an interesting thing.
And we saw a couple other stats.
Whit, I don't know if you wanted to take them,
or did you want me to read them, the ones from last week? Well, the one that cracked me up was that right now Joel Quenville
is the 18th longest tenured
coach in the National Hockey
League. Is that correct?
Yes, 18th longest tenured coach.
He was hired this summer.
He's coached 45 games
for the Florida Panthers.
And there's 13
18, 13, 31. Thank you.
There's 13 coaches
that have been with their team more recently than he has
or newer.
And a couple other little fun facts.
My brain's shutting off.
Fun unless you're a coach, Biz.
Yeah.
A couple little fun facts, too.
Apparently, this is Twitter, too, talking.
Three coaches this year have been fired after losing a game to the Buffalo Sabres.
Okay?
So their Buffalo Sabres, Okay? So they're Buffalo Sabres.
Print the wagon t-shirts.
And apparently Hines and DeBoer were without a coaching job
for exactly 34 days apart.
Both, of course, coached for the Devils.
So, I don't know.
Just a little fun facts.
A little mugging here.
A little mugging there.
How about, I was laughing, who's the coach in Winnipeg?
Paul Maurice.
Yeah, Paul Maurice.
I'm trying to find the exact quote.
Fuck.
I'm assuming it was basically somebody asking him about all the firings
and things like that.
And he said it was like a marriage that just ends in divorce
and you come home and your wife says,
hey, so I'm moving on from you, and in about three hours,
there's going to be a press conference,
and I'm going to tell everyone how we're done,
and you're going somewhere else, but I have a new guy,
and he's going to be amazing and how good it's going to be with him.
So basically Maurice describing what being a coach is like.
Or being a coach that gets fired is like,
yeah,
he's a walking.
One other number.
Come home one day.
And she says,
Paul,
we're going in a different direction and there's going to be a press
conference in three hours.
And we're going to talk about how great the new husband's going to be.
I think my quote was better.
My,
my memory of his quote.
I enjoyed more.
Oh,
we're having fun.
One other number two from Dimitri.
Just 11 NHL head coaches
have been in their current position for
more than two seasons running now.
That's like, I don't know if GMs are getting
more impatient or owners or what. It's
fucking insane though. I mean, almost a quarter of the
coaches have been shit-canned this year.
All pro sports is a
copycat league.
And I'm saying that because I just heard it in the Hernandez documentary,
and somebody in that movie was talking about the NFL.
I think it was Bolden or whatever his name was.
What's that guy's name?
Lee Bolden.
Lee Bolden.
He said that, so I just thought similar to the NHL in a sense.
St. Louis, look what they did last year.
You fire a guy, you win the Stanley Cup.
So it's people are trying to copy the Blues.
The Blues fired their coach and went on a legendary run,
something that'll never happen again,
and now everyone's trigger happy to gas these guys.
How long was Trotz in Washington for?
Three years?
No, he was there longer.
Oh, was he?
Longer.
I'll tell you. Yeah, I'll tell you right now. Hockey references. I know HockeyDB's a good one, he was there longer. Oh, was he? Longer.
I'll tell you right now, hockey references. I know hockey DB is a good one. That was a firing
net. That was a firing. If you tell
me seven years right now, all right.
Four years.
Oh, wow. Well, guys, think of how many
times even before
that it's happened. Like Dan Biles
taking over for Tarion. That's one.
What was another one? I think the Devils might have done it twice yeah the 2000 devils right okay so they they did
it um and then what's pittsburgh did it again didn't they when sullivan took over or maybe it
was his second year but still like i think uh you know you sometimes you see there's there's quick
responses to getting new coaches and I guess it's proven over.
And this year there has been.
You've seen a bunch of these, you know, Toronto, Calgary.
I mean, half the league's done it, so chances are it's going to happen again.
Yeah, that's true.
Ah, shit.
One other residual effect of this too, Biz, affects your guy.
Because Gerard Gallant is no longer coaching,
Rick Talkett will now coach the Pacific Division at the All-Star Game.
So I don't know if he was looking forward to a nice vacation that weekend.
I'm sure he still wanted.
It's a nice little feather in his cap, though, no?
Yeah, I mean, if I was Talk,
I would imagine that he probably wanted the time off
because there's a lot he's got to prepare for for the second half.
And it's nice to kind of get away and turn the brain off.
But congratulations to him. I I mean I could be wrong maybe he's thrilled to be going because
you know he he at one point wasn't successful as a head coach right when he went to Tampa he
didn't last very long did he I mean how many games did he coach there and then he went on
and his assistant to have success so now as a head
coach you know he's a competitive guy and he's got the juices flowing just like when he played so
um you know in order to prove himself everybody wants to show that they can reinvent themselves
right i guess that's why i'm proud of what i've done post career because like people can always
say like ah you're a one-hit wonder it's like oh yeah yeah say it again and i'm gonna fucking switch it up on you again so and and so he he's done that and and it's it's good for him
to get the recognition for that um to go to the all-star game and he's done an incredible job with
uh with with what he's had to work with in arizona and and it's nice that he's he's gotten a few more
weapons so let's see what he can do this is like somebody uh said all i could do is sports media
stuff so i'm gonna open up a hibachi place now i'll prove i could do that too i know it
wait help get in on this we're gonna cook a bunch of hot waitresses and i was wrong the devils didn't
win it when they fired claudia that was that was a different year they still fight them with
three games left though uh since we last met the department of player safety suspended
zach cassian i got fucking suet for pronouncing his name wrong but zach cassian got two games
for ragdoll and matthew kachuk saturday night uh per rule 46.2 uh the aggressor that was cited as
the violation no real shock here um we mentioned nurse got three games of doing the similar thing
to uh roman polak a while back.
What was your reaction to the two games for Cassie?
Yeah, I think I said that this was going to happen because of the Nurse situation.
I wish everything that happened that night on the ice had been the extent of it.
I think that would have been perfect.
I think if they just left that game and the way it did,
there was drama, there was a beatdown put on,
there was a power play that ensued, there was a game winner, and there was a huge win for the Flames at home.
Exciting action. End it.
But now we've got a guy sitting out.
The only good thing is he will be back before they play again.
I think it's January 27th or 29th.
I think he gets back the 29th and that's against
them that's his first game back so maybe that's a night that maybe that's a night biz that um we
all at intermission of that game we go on chicklet's instagram and do like one of those
sure um whatever it's george peros has already said he will be in attendance for that game
oh really yep they're gonna go there for the game.
Listen, speaking of George Peros, he has a very difficult job.
You're always going to have the people who are more traditional telling you
you're fucking, you know, you're pussified and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You're going to have the other end of it saying, like,
throw the book at him.
Oh, my God, this is disgusting.
Even with consistency, there's always going to be people
throwing the consistency bomb in your face.
I think he may have gotten this one wrong, and if I had that job,
I probably would have gotten a lot more wrong than what he's kicked out so far.
So, as you said, that should have been left on the ice.
I felt that up to today's standards, Cassian wasn't protected up to standards.
And I truly believe that if Cassian had delivered that hit to Johnny Goudreau,
he would in fact have a suspension, no questions asked.
And don't anyone fucking say throw a prior history or any type of bullshit.
It's like it was what it was, okay?
What did you say?
If Cassian had done what to control,
excuse me,
if,
if,
if Cassian had delivered that exact same check to Johnny good roll off to
the side of the net,
Cassian probably would've get kicked out of that game and probably been
facing supplementary supplementary.
I won't disagree with you there.
That's a hundred percent.
That's not a go-shable a hundred percent.
He would've got suspended for doing the exact same thing,
but because not only it was on Cassian, but it was, you know,
maybe a guy like Kachuk who I would consider him a superstar.
I feel like that offset where it's like, oh, my God, like, Jesus Christ.
Like, really?
You're telling  you're honestly going to look me in the eye
and tell me that if Kassian had given that hit to Donny Goudreau,
you wouldn't have felt the pressure to suspend him.
Okay, fine.
I can walk away from this, but I would have a hard time believing you.
So that's why, whatever.
And then Cassian got him back with a few things.
I'm an eye for an eye guy.
I like the game policing itself.
I love that for hockey.
I think he fucked it up.
So, Biz, I've gotten some feedback about
all these discussions, and someone
put a clip out of when I was talking about
it. Check out to my
mic, you might have done it.
There's a lot of people that have
written me different messages here and there.
If that's the type of
hockey you like,
you're basically like a dinosaur.
That's not what the game should be like anymore.
And it's so weird to me to have that argument where,
all right, well, I grew up playing hockey a certain way.
I love the game.
There's many, many, many people who love the same type of game that I love.
And so why?
Why?
Because now you want it soft and you've taken into consideration the brain injuries
and things like that, which I respect.
And I understand some of it's been horrible.
But I've always said that people, everyone knows there was risks.
And that's the game, man.
Like this is a fast, mean, physical, emotional sport. And that's the game man like this is a fast mean physical emotional sport and
and that's the game i fell in love with that's the game i always will like and so if you're
someone that comes up to me and says that that's barbaric like i fucking disagree i disagree with
you and in no way shape or form should i think that you you agree with me but why the why in
the world should i agree with you i i played a game that I loved and I see kind of disappearing,
and I wasn't a physical player.
I've said that a million times, but I was a fan first.
And so for me to see these things and love these things,
and so many people say things, you know, it's not that way.
It can't be that way anymore.
Fuck you, it can't.
Well, another thing, too is i i don't want
the the i don't want the just guys lining up and scrapping which was a lip that's no i've said that
i'm completely eliminated right i felt hey listen we're playing a a physical game i if i'm i'm
talking as if i'm cassian i felt that kachuk put my body at risk by you know, because I think genuinely
he wanted to inflict pain rather
than just separate me from the puck, which
hey, that's within the rules
as long as you get me clean. And Cassian
didn't think it was clean. And if I didn't think it
was clean and the ref didn't penalize
him appropriately, alright, well
then I'm going to get my fuck, I'm going to get it back.
Fuck you. Fuck you.
That's a man's game
and it ain't fucking changing.
If you're a fucking pussified fuck,
then don't listen to my
fucking podcast and don't watch hockey
because that ain't fucking changing.
There's always going to be incidences like this.
It's like the jungle.
The alpha is going to end up
getting the little mice.
Dude, if you don't
This has nothing to do with the brain injury.
It's like life.
It's like you stand up for yourself.
It's just there's a battle out there.
It sounds so cliche saying battle.
I hate that when you're talking about
Did we mention that we love both guys and we'd want them both on our team?
Like this is nothing personal.
I think I've said that a thousand times.
Five times.
It's just like
I was being sarcastic about that.
I will,
I will,
I will respect people's opinion of what they think the game should be.
I will not agree with them.
And,
and,
and so don't try to get me to agree with you because it's not going to
happen.
I said to him,
I texted,
I tweeted Myrtle,
uh,
uh,
RA the other day.
And I was,
cause I said on the podcast,
right?
They'd,
uh,
I said,
I think, I think they need a said I think I think they need a little
jam I think they need a sandpaper
guy and I had a bunch
of Leafs fans like laughing at me
and I'm like you fuckers have no fucking
idea you don't know what
they've lost in the first round that's what I'm saying it's
like you've tried it you've tried it the same
way three times I'm not saying it's not gonna
ever work I'm saying is okay
let's if it doesn't work this year, again,
if I say it next year, am I still a fucking moron?
I don't know.
At what point are you not the fucking moron?
So we can move on from the sandpaper.
Well, actually, boys, I had this topic saved for later,
but it's kind of tied into what we're talking about here.
Tuca Rask took an elbow to the head by the Blue Jacket,
Emile Bemstrom, on Tuesday night. Bemstrom said after the game it wasn't intentional some angles look
like it could have been one of those accidentally on purpose jobs uh either way he did concuss tuka
rask with an elbow while tuka rask was doing his job in his crease i wrote a blog about it
uh as a bruins fan which yes i'm still a Bruins fan, I was pissed at their response.
I thought it was pitiful.
Like, you know, a couple people at the game said, you know,
they come up to him and gave him, like, oh, why I ought to.
Like, they got in his face.
But I wanted to see out of a Bruin what Kassian did to Kachuk last week.
Just fucking snap.
Take the five, the two, the ten, whatever they're going to throw at you
because you can't fuck with a team's goalie like that,
even if it's maybe unintentional.
Like, you know, he fucking concussed your goalie
and you did nothing, man.
That shit fucking, like, that's when I'm fucking
as old school as fuck.
What should I take on that with?
You're a Bruins fan who, this isn't just this incident
you're emotional about last year
and them getting bullied in the finals.
And I think, no, no, I'm not even trying to chirp right now.
I think that, I'm not saying you,
all Bruins fans right now are already there.
They have the short memory of the finals in June when St.
Louis bullied them around.
They have the memory of them winning the Stanley Cup and having those great
teams when they bullied everyone and they were the mean Bruins and they were
Luce, all those Thornton, all those animals.
They're still now and now standards and now they have Chara, but it is a little different.
It's a different vibe with that team,
and it's a different vibe with the entire league.
But I will say it was surprising.
Now, so Emil Bemstrom, is that how you say it?
Bemstrom, yeah, with two M's.
Listen, a lot of it depends on the fact of who the guy is
when something like that happens.
So that happens in that game, And there were guys going after him,
um, a couple of different times after whistles guys in his face.
But if that's a guy who has a reputation and you know, say that's, um,
Zach Rinaldo name just came to my head, right? You're like, and granted,
nobody will probably want to fight him cause he's tough as shit.
But you like, you're thinking that was probably on purpose. This guy plays on the edge. This guy's had
dirty plays before. Nobody knows anything about this guy. He, it's his first year in the NHL.
He played in Sweden. Now, maybe if you go back to Sweden and you find out in the junior leagues
where this kid played, he's the dirtiest player in Swedish history. And this was no surprise to
anyone who knew him growing up. And he used to run around and elbow goalies and stick people in the balls and slash people in
the neck when the ref wasn't looking. But because nobody knows who he is, I seriously think that
it makes the whole situation different in terms of like, this is this little Swedish kid.
Did he mean to do that? It's almost like the guys thought maybe he didn't mean to do it. It was a bad mistake.
We lost our goalie, but shit happens
out there. I watched it a couple
times. It's sketchy. I'm
not ready to say he meant to do it. I'm also
ready to say he probably could have gotten out of the way a little
bit easier. You know what I mean?
Yeah, and a couple of people cited like Carlo
had, you know, gave him a bump from behind
before that. And what's
his name? Krugok stick that was one
of the columbus writers said oh crooks he grabbed a stick or something but you know like i said the
goal he's in his crease you know he's allowed to be in that position and a player isn't supposed
to be in charge of his appendages and his equipment as well right it wasn't he didn't even get a
penalty on the play either but i i side with wit and the fact that if there's no prior history to it, like you can't just like
You know what I mean?
Yeah, and under today's NHL, you're an idiot to send somebody after him
because he's going to be like, dude, he's probably not a fighter,
and he's probably never fought before if he's coming over from Sweden.
No, dirtiest player in Swedish history.
It was all set up.
He knew it.
What would you have done in that situation?
Well, that's the thing.
He's a part of me with Sweden. Listen, I'll use Coach Tippett as an example What would you have done in that situation? Well, that's the thing.
Listen, I'll use Coach Tippett as an example
because he was my head coach in the NHL for five years.
As a fighter, maybe when I was playing, I might have had to,
but I probably would have consulted with him first.
And Tippett, knowing after seeing the replay, seeing what it was,
he would have been like, no, I can't just send you after the guy because I can't say that he did that for sure but just quickly going back to the bees no I don't think that's a situation where they go
after him I think they did the right play and I think fans need to back off that all right
all righty well either way it's two games for Zach Kassian. And speaking of the number two, with Dunkin' Go-To's,
you can get a great deal on two of your favorites,
like two egg and cheese wraps for 2,
two bagels with cream cheese spread for 4,
and two bacon egg and cheese croissants for 5.
In my opinion, it's a pretty tough deal to beat.
That's just my go-to sense.
You can take it or leave it, but you should probably take it. Dunkin' Go-To's, a great deal for 2, 4, or 5. America runs on Dunkin'.
Participation may vary. Limited time offer. Exclusions apply. And we do want to know,
Grinnelly, let people know that Dunkin' is the official presenting sponsor for the
Pond Hockey Tournaments up in New Hampshire and Lake Muskoka in Toronto. February 21st
and 22nd in New Hampshire, then February
28th and 29th up at Muskoka.
They're going to have breakfast and donuts
in the morning, getting everyone full before the games.
Again, they're the presenting sponsor,
so make sure you're out there supporting Duncan
because where there's hockey, there's Duncan.
Nice. All right. Nice little ending.
A little accent aigu on there.
And Grinnell,
we haven't set it up yet where, where you can, uh, you guys can buy tickets, but for the New Hampshire one, the Saturday afternoon, there's a tent for about 500 people, but there's only 250
participants. So I told him, I said, why don't we do like a little pink Whitney party where we can
come back to the tent? Like I'll be buzzing around. Like I'm not going to be playing this event.
So fans who weren't able from the area to get into the tournament itself,
you can come still enjoy the festivities on the Saturday.
So I think we worked it out where it's going to be a 20 entry fee
and you're going to get two free drinks.
So come on down.
It'll be a blast.
Live band's playing too.
Live band.
It'll be a good time.
So like I don't know how much is going around new fucking Hampshire
in the middle of the winter, but it's going to be a Saturday day party
hoping for a sunny one, and let's get fucked up.
Bring me some weed.
I'm not going to be drinking.
Yeah, I can't fucking wait.
I'm sure you won't have any weed, Biz.
Well, I can't fly with it, especially international.
It can be a fucking nuisance.
We'll take care of it, Biz.
Don't worry about it.
I'll be driving, so.
I'll be trucking Pink Whitney.
I'll be driving, so you'll be all set.
I do need a pair of blades, though,
if people do want to see me twirl around on the ice up there.
I got to get a set of blades.
Wink, wink, sponsors, Erica, whoever's listening.
I want to get a little hookup.
You think the CEO of Barstool is going to send you some wheels?
She said she was going to.
Really?
Yeah.
I mentioned it.
She said get back to her.
I know she's a busy woman.
All right.
On that note, Sid returned after a 28-game layoff.
He had a little sports hernia surgery.
That's fucking, as a guy who had hernia surgery, man,
that's fucking a really quick return.
You got a goal and three assists in Pittsburgh.
Seven to three win over Minnesota. That one pass he made man off the back of the net i think he faked out
then he sends a puck right through the crease dude he's such a magician like i think it was
pete blackburn who tweeted how like basically life is better when crosby's in the nhl when
he's playing in the nhl you guys you can start slarbing what you can go first no, you took the words
out of my mouth right there, I mean, poor
Ryan Donato
situate native, great kid
awesome family
I love the guy, but oh
man, that's what Crosby will do
to you, I got very lucky
that happened to me in practice
a bunch, but practices weren't on TV
they weren't recorded.
So there's nothing you can do.
I mean, he is as low to the ice and as powerful as anyone else.
Okay?
So Donato takes the inside, gets the inside,
but stays between the net and Crosby.
And what does he do?
Stops on a dime.
In slow motion, it happens fast.
Rips it off the back of the net to himself.
Spinarama gets it and then throws it maybe a quarter of a centimeter next to Dubnik stick.
I think right to Cahoon.
I think it was Dominic Cahoon who buried that one.
Just one of the most beautiful.
You are.
What?
What? You describe his name.
I know. I just you describe it if if if you could imagine just uh uh just uh you know a game breakers type assist a playmakers type play who's
not only a great passer but dynamic yeah i'm slobbering but just to come back it's it's it's
not that easy i mean dude people get, and they miss a month or two,
and you're out there, and the game seems so quick to you.
It takes you a couple games to get back into the flow, get your rhythm back.
No, he just hops right back in and gets four points,
and he scored again tonight against Boston.
They got rolled, though.
I'm not done jerking off.
I just tossed you over the bottle of Juergens.
The reason why something is that i get it right now did i
get that name right okay jergens lotion yeah here's a funny one for you do you remember that
clip that was posted to twitter and and you and you ended up screenshotting it and making it your
screensaver when i hopped back on the ice when i was at bio steel and just the jogging suit my
skates yeah and and and, I could barely bend over.
That was me coming back from bilateral sports,
hernia surgery, skating for the first time after like,
that was six weeks.
And I think this is the exact same thing what Crosby got,
and he's doing that.
How long has he been out?
Two months?
You couldn't even cross over.
Well, I mean, listen, I wasn't working when you were helping slate before you know but um but i think he's so intelligent in the way that
he probably has taken the experiences of him rehabilitating to get back and what drills and
skill work he needs in order to get right back to stepping in and And his team, and they're able to execute it.
He is just, he's the perfect hockey player ever.
Yeah, I think this is good for Junkhead, Sanotu,
having played, and I know it's so difficult,
but he's proof that, and I think he's had times
when he didn't do this, and now it shows that he is.
He's waiting until he is 100 to come back.
And I'll tell everyone out there, it certainly fucked me over.
It certainly did in coming back too soon from especially major injuries.
And I don't think he considers even getting back on the ice until it is.
And it's a mental thing. It's a mental thing. You getting back on the ice until it is.
And it's a mental thing.
It's a mental thing.
You can get on the ice and you can feel things out.
And wow, the injury feels good.
I feel fine again.
I'm not feeling the pain.
But you got to take a couple hits in practice. And then you go through that of recovering after being physical.
Because you can go around and skate and practice.
That's one thing.
Well, when you start getting hit, your wind's even worse.
Finally, he figures out
in his head boom that was it that was the practice i needed to have to know that i'm ready to go
and so for everyone out there when you come back from injury the worst thing you can do is rush
back too soon you're only going to be more likely to get hurt again and then be out even longer so
just wait that time coaches will pressure you don't listen to them if you're hurt and you're
injured wait till you're healthy or you're only
going to hurt yourself and the team. Facts.
It's a little nice when you've got three in the
bank, too, though.
No, I know. That's the
thing. I was just thinking, I was
a little... The reason
I say that is because if you're a superstar
and let's say you're seven or eight
and you don't have the
cup yet and you're in a major market and you don't have the cup yet,
and you're in a major market, the pressure starts weighing a little bit.
And sometimes situations can make you rush back into things.
No, but I was saying that the third, fourth line, the fifth and sixth D-man,
they understand.
I respect the hell out of understanding.
If I miss time, someone's going to steal my job.
I have to play.
I have to get back as quick as possible.
But a lot of times, if you go early, even in those situations,
you're not going to end up
doing yourself any good.
It's playoffs.
What else do you got on back?
What else do you got on back?
I'm not sure if you guys saw
in the same game, Minnesota defenseman
Greg Patteron, he was tossed
after warm-ups because Bruce Boudreau had him listed as a scratch
instead of Ryan Donato.
So basically he got all suited up, took warm-ups,
and whatever official checks noticed it.
So they had to boot him and they had to summon Donato from the press box
to get ready for the game.
Have you ever heard of anything like that happening before?
I only remember Ned.
Remember my boy Ned Haverton?
He came on the pod after his wedding guys
he said that his first AHL game
got called up
and the coach
who was your coach in the minors then Biz?
I think it was Dan Bilesma
or Todd Reardon
no no it was Todd Richards
fuck I had a lot in Wilkes-Barre man
this time it was Richards
and by mistake he didn't put Ned's name on there.
I'm pretty sure he told the story.
Joe Mullen was a head coach of mine there.
Really?
Yeah, Joe Mullen was a head coach of mine there.
Joe Mullen ran that power play my rookie year in Pittsburgh.
He was a legend.
Legend.
Legend.
He is the best guy in the world
and has the funniest New York City, like, accent.
He does.
He kind of talks like a duck,
but he's with this, like, hilarious... Let's get him on. He's the best guy of talks like a duck, but he's with this hilarious...
He's the best guy.
Best guy in the world. He scored goals
for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
What was I saying?
I don't remember.
About Joey's... Oh, yeah, so then
Ned... The ref came over
and he's like, hey, bro, you're not in the
lineup card. You can't play in the game.
And so Ned had to skate away from the face.
That's happened in the NHL before, I believe.
I think Terrian fucked one up. It just happened.
R.A. just told the story.
I guess
we can move on then.
Also, too, there was a pretty
cool clip
from that game. Minnesota
GM Billy Guerin, he knew that he was on
camera. He held up a piece of paper that
said thanks yins you know that fucking pittsburgh word written on it and kind of gave a little clap
clap back it was a pretty cool moment if he did happen to catch it and now there was actually a
great quote from brian rust as well he got a sick pass from gino malkin and they one of the press
members asked like if he saw it coming he goes he's Russian. He's got like three eyes or something.
He said Chernobyl.
Did he not say Chernobyl?
I didn't hear him say Chernobyl in the clip I saw,
but either way, he dropped that fucking.
He's Russian.
He's got like three eyes or something.
That would have been a PR nightmare if he would have dropped the Chernobyl bomb,
probably, eh?
Yeah, yeah. Probably don't.
You're not coming back from that one.
Yeah, that's a tough one. You're not coming back from that one. That's a tough one.
Let's go back to, actually, Monday night.
We want to give congrats to Big Z, Zidane
O'Chara. He played his 1,000th game
as a Boston Bruin. I believe
it's only five
other guys have done that.
You know, a franchise that's almost
100 years old. It seems like only
yesterday they signed the guy, and here it is
1,000 games later. But the real talk of that game was and mash on shootout he's got the game on his stick if he
scores that they'll have another round of the shootout instead he gets to the red line and he
just hits the puck enough to move it but not even to get an attempt on and fucking people are giving
it to him and he was flying back online with i mean sorry biz this is right up your alley for a
million reasons i'm in shock
we haven't talked about this yet i thought we talked about it last podcast oh my god happened
that night oh my god listen you guys know i've said it before i love brad marshall he's on my
team any day of the week but that couldn't happen to a more perfect guy for the standpoint of our
enjoyment right this is like this is why we do this podcast for stupid shit like that.
So the best part about it, and listen, this is where there's a fork in the road, right?
Some fans think I'm wrong.
Some fans think I'm right.
So he takes to Twitter and to Instagram and posts a picture of him lifting the Stanley Cup.
Mind you, I know it was what, 10 years ago they won it? Oh, 2011. Yeah, nine. It was, what, 10 years ago they won it?
Oh, 2011.
Yeah, nine.
Nine years.
Nine years ago they won it.
So obviously everybody's firing the,
oh, yeah, you're like your Uncle Rico from Napoleon Dynamite
saying he could still throw a football a quarter of a mile
and you brought him to state championships.
So that's funny.
But there are some people taking it real serious,
like he's having a temper tantrum online.
Folks, you never win that battle.
He's going to be worth 75 million by the time he's done playing.
He's won a Stanley Cup.
He's won a fucking Olympic gold medal.
You're a fucking loser online.
He wins every time you lose.
It's over.
And the guy that he actually chirped back at who gave it to
him first about the play and the mishap with the shootout everyone's like oh you prick you called
him a peasant like this guy's chirping him online and he just says back to him dude you take
breakaways in your drive in your in your driveway with no goalie in the net. Pretending you're me. What? Pretending you're me. You're pretending you're me.
That's game over.
Bryson DeChambeau chirped Brooks Koepka.
Koepka goes, buddy, I don't have a six-pack,
but I got four abs or something like that.
And he showed four majors.
Like, when there's certain people you can't say anything to.
And if you're some hockey fan, you're saying chirping Brad Marchand,
like, he wins wins you said it perfectly
but listen that play
was one of the funniest
things I've ever seen
and the Philadelphia Flyers getting
off the ice was the best
camera work in the NHL
this year and whoever said
his nose got in the way
is a full blown comedian
he should start doing stand-up it was the best
line and the fact that first um who's what's his name the coach jesus vigno is is smiling as he's
walking off and then you see terrian full-blown smile and then you see mike yo just laughing away
and all the players just shaking their head so he's the guy everyone loves to hate,
and so to get to see him do that in all cities of Philadelphia
was just the best blooper for every fan that isn't a Boston Bruins fan.
I'm convinced Vince McMahon has been running this NHL season
the way things have gone.
It has been banana lands.
Oops, sorry, Biz.
No, that's raw.
And we're halfway through boys speaking
of bananas i'm uh fucking how about elvis do we got to give him some props columbus goalie elvis
mers leakens he's got six wins in his last eight starts with a 950 save percentage uh 515 save
percentage goes up to 955 and he's a plus 11 goals saved above average which i'm not even sure what
that means but i know it's a good stat, so I'll rattle it off.
But, you know, got to give some love to Columbus boys.
We talked about them a bit a week or two ago,
but this is a team that had minimal expectations
and they just keep kind of fucking grinding out wins
and just hanging out, hanging by that playoff spot.
It's going to be interesting to see if they get in for sure.
It's, they deserve, I've said it already, they deserve
me to admit I was wrong. They're my Islanders
the last year. I don't know if they're going to get in the playoffs
and sweep a team in the first round, but I thought
they would be brutal. And this is where you do
actually look at a coach because I'm sure Tortorella had such a
good lead into the season
and a good message in training camp
that I'm guessing was every single person out there
thinks you guys aren't going to do shit.
You have every person doubting you.
And what a way to get a team fired up and ready to play.
And I'm sure that's kind of been the message all year.
Maybe it's not, and I'm an idiot.
But when you got a goalie who's named Elvis,
who all of a sudden comes from the clouds and is named Elvis, I just said,
and kicking out pucks left and right and you can't score on him,
like there might be something different going on here.
There might be some sort of crazy vibe in Columbus that somehow allowed this team
that had all their offensive weapons leave and their star goalie, yet they're competing.
And as of tonight are sitting in a wild card spot,
because when you looked at the team preseason, what was subtracted,
what was added, you figured that's not playoffs.
And Elvis comes along. Yes, Elvis.
I'm I'm just pumped for their fans.
Like, you lose all your guys, you're probably coming to the season like,
oh, God, we got to start all over.
But, yeah, I don't know where this season goes for them from here.
I mean, you know, they may miss out of the playoffs,
but at least the fans were engaged and they got these fun storylines.
They have some bright young goaltenders to look forward to.
Did you end up reading their other goalie stat,
even though he's injured right now, Corposalo?
No.
These are their numbers, okay?
Elvis is a 920 save percentage, 2.53 goals against average.
He's making just under 900.
And that Corposalo, 913 save percentage, 2.49 goals against average, and he's making just under 900 and that uh that corpus allo 913 say percentage 2.49 goals against
average and he's making just over a million so it's just like it's like these guys are young
studs like i i would imagine they have to lock them up for fair numbers but if you got two in
the bank like that you're you're in a great situation and or you have trade bait like think
of how many teams need a good young goalie.
I can think of five off the top of my head.
Yeah, they're all gunning for Georgiev, who's now on the market.
Correct.
Yeah, we got that a little later.
Hey, let's talk as quickly about the fans in Columbus.
You're right.
What they built on in the first series win
and them getting to experience that
and how nuts it was in that building, they want to build on it.
I would almost guess that this year is even more special because last year,
you know, yes, it was the first time, but it was also you brought in Dushane.
Well, now it would be, oh, my God, we lost those guys and we're still right here.
Like that makes a fan even  that makes a fan love that team even more
than the team last year, I would say.
Yeah.
Well, congrats.
Yeah.
A classic case of a guy making the most of his opportunity with Elvis.
A couple of significant injuries you want to note.
The Leafs took a pretty big hit on defense as Morgan Riley broke his foot.
He's going to be out for about eight weeks.
And a goalie in Philadelphia by the name of Carter Hart,
he's going to miss two to three weeks with a right lower abdominal strain.
And because of that, it kind of had a weird ripple effect,
unfortunate for Chris Stewart,
because they had to send Joel Farabee down to AHL temporarily.
They brought him back up, which meant they had to place Chris Stewart on waivers.
So Stewart ended up, he's basically on loan to Lehigh Valley of the AHL.
So it's just weird, Biz, how, you know,
an injury leads to an unfortunate situation to the vet stewart who you know was on a pto and now he gets bumped down well let's talk about biz let's talk about something that
leads to an unfortunate situation that is now ra has joined the grinnelly team in terms of making
a t-shirt for someone or some organization and then immediately shitting the bed and or getting injured?
All we did was answer fandom and Grinnelli, right?
It's scary time if you're making these guys t-shirts.
That's what I did in Buffalo.
I just answered the fans demand.
Well, like t-shirt voodoo fucking makers over here.
Can't stand to play.
I just have chicklets.
Make them a fucking t-shirt.
Want to see a team go off the clip?
Chicklets T-shirt.
Cliff.
I'm not commenting on any of that, but I will say we should talk about those
All-Star T-shirts we just dropped that are awesome.
Yeah, we just were doing, I wouldn't call them special edition,
but for the All-Star game, we made a bunch of guys with their nicknames
on the back, Chicklets logo on the front.
We got like Pasta, McJesus bread man i love the show i love pablo i love the showtime one i think for
patrick kane i think that's awesome nate dog so there's a bunch more you can get those at uh
barstoolsports.com slash chicklets love it love it all right boys there was one extension we want
to get to a pretty big one uh nicholas Backstrom signed a five-year, 46 million extension with the Capitals
to ensure he stays there for the next several years.
What was interesting about this one, Whit, was that he negotiated it himself.
I know other players have done this in the past.
This is something I don't see you ever doing in your playing days.
Oh, was that a shot right there?
Was that a shot?
More that you defer to a lawyer. That's a math guy you're talking to. I'm a math guy. up playing days. Oh, was that a shot right there? Was that a shot?
That's a math guy you're talking to.
I'm a math guy.
I thought this was awesome, and I believe Ovechkin did the same thing with his deal.
You've got to think
that you're a genius if you can pull this
off as the player, because
what do you pay the agent, Biz? 3?
Yeah, I mean, some guys on big deals like that one percent they'll have a guy negotiate at one percent
okay um because if you're gonna save three percent on a 46 million dollar contract that's like
1.5 million isn't it or something like that i i I think that if you look at it as if a player could ever do this,
and I don't think this would ever become the norm.
That'd be crazy to think if the whole agency business
was just not needed at some point in history moving forward.
But players would just save a lot of money
because as it sounds like 3, dude,
you do 3 on fucking multi-million dollar deals and you could end up doing that
on your own. That's saving a lot of cake.
Now here's the old thing is Nicholas Backstrom so close with the entire
organization in Washington. He's been there forever.
This is a guy who leads the organization in, in career assists.
He's second in points only behind Ovechkin. He's at 908 points.
He's been one of the most underappreciated stars in this league
for close to 10 years, if not 10 years.
I don't remember right exactly when he broke in.
There's not everyone in the world can do their own deal
is kind of what I'm saying.
I mean, it's a lot different when you know, all right,
we're the Capitals here.
We're talking. Is it Brian McClellan, R.A.? He's the GM of the Caps? Yeah. So Brian McClellan,
all right, well, we want you, but we don't necessarily want you for eight years or seven
years. You know, you're getting a little bit older. You know, we're looking at a time kind of
basically what we were looking at it in terms of term.
Like a Blake Wheeler type contract.
And it's five years.
And Backstrom said, all right, great.
Well, I'm looking to still be paid top dollar for how I produce and how consistent I am.
And what do you know?
Annual hit of 9.5 or whatever it was.
That's top pay. So it came together perfectly because both sides, like the what is like what is the thing I'm thinking of?
A good deal is, I can't even think of what I'm trying to say.
But listen, there's one interesting fact about the whole signing
that kind of reminded me of, I guess, the beginning of his career,
and that's 11.3 was the percentage of the salary cap upper limit for
Backstrom's 9.2 average,
average annual value contract that he signed the other day.
Right?
Well,
that's identical to his last contract.
He signed a 10 year deal for 6.7 a year when the upper limit was 59.4.
So both contracts,
he's taken up 11. three percentage of the salary cap.
And I think when a player is important and a top two line center and a point per game
guy that's been there for that long, you're glad to give it to him because he's deserved
it.
Only criticism of the deal is that it might be a little bit of an overpayment, but I have
to give him benefit of the doubt of what I've seen in his entire career
that he's going to be able to at least
be close to maintaining pace
with what he's done. That's assuming
that there's no type of decline
in this next five years.
I chimed in while you
were talking there. It's kind of like a Blake
Wheeler type contract where
they didn't want to give him the
too long, but there was a... Based on how Blake Wheeler's playing, I didn't want to give him the, the, the too long, but they,
there was a,
well,
I mean,
based on how Blake Wheeler's playing,
I would say it's not even close to an overpayment now,
but would you not agree?
That's for,
for,
for,
for getting into the age bracket that he's going to be,
be in,
in the last two years,
you get a little,
but,
but at that point,
they're probably their,
their core group is a little bit older and they're on the downtrend.
They're thinking like it's a five-year extension.
But, you know, we're looking at the next three as the real three window years.
You know, that's when they can strike.
And I think what I meant to say was that the sign of like a good deal
is when both sides are left unsatisfied.
That's a great little saying.
I'm pretty sure that's the quote.
I might have just butchered it.
It sounds good to me, Ching Ching.
Yeah, also, too, with Backstrom, he's super durable, man.
He hasn't missed a lot of playing time over his career.
For a passing man, I could see him easily at 37
still fucking dishing the biscuit pretty good.
And then everyone's going to be like, see, Biz, you were a fucking idiot.
You were wrong.
It wasn't an overpayment.
It was an underpayment.
I texted him because Backy's a guy who comes on that trip I go on
every other year to Scotland.
This year it's coming up again.
It's coming up again.
We're going old course.
We're going Mirafield.
We're going all the best in Scotland.
So I texted him, and I said, hey, buddy, congrats,
dude. That's awesome. He said, thanks,
buddy. A little smiley face with the
parenthesis. You know how Swedish guys all use
like the old school emojis?
You know what I'm talking about, Biz? Yeah.
I said, you know what, though?
I know that all you want to do is be
teeing off at the old course with me,
Zetterberg, and Cleary with a couple
of flasks filled to the top.
And he said, no, Whit, dude, it's hockey right now.
I don't even think about that.
I'm focused.
I'm ready to win another Stanley Cup.
I'm not even worried about golf this summer.
He was like, oh, my God, how nice is that going to be, Whit?
That's fucking awesome.
So he's ready to lift the cup and then enjoy that first tea at the Old Course with a flask.
So Backstrom, congratulations.
You're a rich, awesome guy.
Oh, that's a good song right there.
All right, boys, we've caught up on quite a few things.
Nice little fucking fat episode so far.
I think we should send it over to the interview with Joffrey Lupo, Shane O'Brien, and Andy McLaughlin in a somewhat buzzed Rear Admiral. So without further ado, let's send it over to the interview with Joffrey Lupo, Shane O'Brien, and Andy McLaughlin in a somewhat buzzed rare admiral.
So without further ado, let's send it over to the interview.
Wow.
What a pleasure it is to be joined by two reoccurring guests and one special new guest.
We got Joffrey Lupo, Shane O'Brien, and Boston College legendary goalie Andy McLaughlin in the house.
Thank you for joining the podcast, boys.
Our pleasure. Thanks for having us.
So people who don't know, they know O'Brien, they know Lupo.
Mac L, as we call him, was one of the best practice goalies that ever played at BC.
He couldn't be scored on, and he lined up every party he needed to know to be at.
So thank you for coming on, dude. It's been a while.
Hey, Whit, thanks for having me.
So I would say that, first off, dude. It's been a while. Hey, Whit, thanks for having me. So, I
would say that, first off, you guys are all
good friends with The Beast, Brian Burrard. We just
had him on. You guys get to listen to that yet?
Yeah, and Beast was great. He was awesome.
He was great. He was in town all weekend,
too, and he was also great.
He was great this weekend.
They don't call him Beast for nothing. Jimmy Hayes was in town
as well. Wasn't a big crew. Hayes, he was there.
Also a solid performance.
And we're talking.
Derek Broussard, maybe not as great a performer.
Derek Broussard is one of the, probably the biggest undercover wheels the NHL has ever seen.
Doesn't sound like he had a big wheeling night this party.
Actually, he hung around the hoop for long enough where he actually got, shockingly, got something done.
So that brings into Due West.
All right, I'm trying to talk right now. That brings up, keep, shut up done So that brings into Due West Alright I'm trying to talk
Right now
That brings up
Keep shut up
We're talking about
Due West
Alright that is a bar
That Lupo is a part owner at
This is in New York City
They had their Christmas party
Well we bring this up
Because
This place was special enough
To get some
Pink Whitney
And throw it in some
Sipping chiclets bottles
With the Due West logo
Along with the Barstool logo.
And as we got the picture and they were going on
sale, we said, that's awesome, Loops. Thanks so much.
He's like, yeah, great. Support the boys. People buy it at the
bar. What happens next, Loops?
We get a cease
and desist.
And little do you know,
it was all biz behind it. He's like,
those motherfuckers. No, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't start rumors. It's like, those motherfuckers. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't start rumors.
It's our first cease and desist.
From you guys.
What the hell?
I mean, Loops and I started this as a little bit of a hobby, and we're just this local.
No, a chick trap is what it's called.
I should have thrown you in there.
I apologize.
A supermodel trap.
We're a local upstart, and then we have the big corporate behemoth barstool sending they
didn't even get my name right well they sent me they said mr mack l well the funny thing is i
think that if loops had ever imagined in say 2010 he'd be getting a cease and desist from ryan
whitney he would have jumped off the roof of his apartment in Newport Beach. I call that guy scummer and I'm sending
a cease and desist from him. I don't need anything
from him.
What I've been reading about Barstool
lately too, I figured the
council may be a little bit busy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, fuck.
Well, Avery was very harsh on Dave's sex
tape. I thought he did a good performance. Avery
wanted him to have the reach around like hug
or something, but still, I thought it was pretty solid.
I think Uppie's been working on that move for the last few days in Switzerland.
Uppie's like, no, that was supposed to be my move.
I think Uppie's going to make the Spangled Cup team.
He already made it.
Oh, they announced it?
This is classic.
He sent Jimmy Hayes a message inviting Jimmy.
He said, hey, talk to our GM.
We really need a guy like you.
Jimmy didn't have the heart to tell him that he's
American.
Jimmy wrote back.
Dude, fuck off.
Jimmy wrote back, I haven't skated in four weeks
and you realize I'm American.
They only played together
four years. So Scotty Upshaw
reached out to an American to play for Team
Canada at the Stagger Club. Oh shit, bro.
No way.
Maybe I get you dual citizenship bro.
I love that we have all Uppie's closest friends here.
Boston ex.
How about the video of Uppie leading the post
game chant?
Has anyone ever been built to
lead the fans into a chant than
Scotty Upshaw?
Seriously, that's his dream I think.
He was loving it. I kind of explained to him going over there what the atmosphere was like. I'm like, Uppie, you're fans into a chant than scotty upshall like seriously that's his dream i think yeah he was
loving it i kind of explained him going over there like what the atmosphere was like i'm like up you're
gonna love it when you get over there man like soccer style like i didn't know he'd be out in
the fucking center of the ice leading the chair but um yeah he's i think he's a little banged up
right now his knee but he was lighting it up boys he had four goals in six games he had 41 pims i'm
like holy fuck ups 41 pims he's like, everyone's scared of me over here.
Picking on your pims.
Yeah, you're playing in the fucking Swiss League.
That's why.
So he's playing like Eric Lindros over there.
You said guys are scared.
He's like, I played in the Dubs.
He's like, bye, guys.
What do you mean?
He hurt his knee again?
He tweaked it a little bit.
Same one?
The bad one?
The bad one, but he's been rehabbing it.
It's over.
It was at a massage parlor.
This year's it.
Getting lots of massages, taking care of it, you know?
Might as well just roast Uppy this entire episode.
How much arsenal do you guys have?
So he took O'Brien's phone.
We just figured this out today.
He's probably looking at some chicks on Instagram or something,
but he turned the location on, so now wherever O'Brien goes,
he just watches his location.
So I went today.
He did it to me two years ago.
We were here at a party, and I was supposed to come for four days.
I stayed for ten.
So there's this establishment here, I'll say, at West Garden, right?
Oh, it's around the corner from here.
Nice little establishment.
It has a great gym in it.
Great gym, good steamer, sauna.
So I was like, it's actually Loop's idea.
He's like, why don't you go to the West Garden today and relax a little bit?
I'm like, great call.
So I get back to Loop's sick pad in the West Village,
and Upsaw's like, he's got a new number already.
I have his Swiss number saved.
New number.
I'm like, Uppy?
He's like, yeah, Ops, that was the West Garden.
I'm like, how the fuck did you know I was at West Garden?
Like, you talk to flowers or something?
He's like, no, no.
I just always keep my eye on you. I was like, holy fuck. You're like, Uppy put I was at West Garden? Like, you talk to flowers or something? He's like, no, no. I just always keep my eye on you.
I was like, holy fuck.
You're like, I'll be putting cameras in the West Garden.
Do you think that's the separation anxiety from being away from his friends and playing overseas?
Where, like, I mean, he misses you guys.
You guys are like a little fucking hyena pack.
You guys are a hyena pack is what you are.
He seems like he's doing all right over there.
He was about ready to fly back for our party on Saturday.
But here's the thing.
That's icky. So these are the types of parties
these guys are throwing where we have
Uppy considering taking a red eye from
fucking Switzerland just to
come in to party for 20 hours and then
go back. Buddy, listen.
If it's not good enough for Grinnell to show up
I'd send him an invite.
What a pigeon.
I wouldn't have given you that Rolex. He's got a Rolex now Grinnell to show up, I'd send him an invite. What a pigeon. What?
What a pigeon. I wouldn't have given you that Rolex if I'd known that.
He's got a Rolex now, so he'll be showing up next year because now he might have a chance of getting laid.
By the way, you think he'll be laying around with a trash.
Hey, by the way, you call them hyenas.
Hyenas stay in one spot.
These guys are partying in L.A., New York, France.
It's like hyenas don't travel across the world.
They're hyenas with a lot of air miles.
They just jump on the JetBlue.
It's the only hyena I know that's mosaic with JetBlue.
Jesus Christ.
Get in the pod.
Obi, Obi, Obi, talk to me, buddy.
Oh, you got a podcast.
What's up, buddy?
Yeah, I've been doing a podcast with The Athletic.
It's called Point Breakaway.
It's just on the Ducks.
Ducks Kings, which is kind of tough to talk about right now because they're...
It's a shit.
They suck.
Yeah, they don't have Ryan Whitney back there going D to D with the head up.
Loops.
Fucking loops missing that again.
Jesus Christ.
No, we're having fun with it.
It's enjoyable.
It's Josh Cooper's.
Sorry?
Yeah.
Harder than expected?
Yeah, it is.
We do two a week.
How was it this morning?
It was rough this morning.
It was rough this morning.
I was a little clogged up.
My throat was a little sore from the due West activity.
You still have the drip?
Yeah, it's Manhattan clouds.
It was all those old fashions I was drinking.
No, when we first started doing it, he was like,
Josh, we're going to do it every Monday, Thursday, Monday mornings.
I'm like, yeah, all right, I'm on board here.
After about the second Monday morning, I'm like, hey, Coop,
we're going to start doing these Tuesday afternoons, Thursday afternoons.
All right, so let the boys know.
Once the Super Bowl ends, I can do Monday nights.
He goes, let the boys know, it's him and Josh.
I'm like, let the boys know about the athletic.
We're doing Tuesday afternoon about 3 o'clock now. West Coast time.
Yeah.
We'll do both at the same time.
Hey, so Loops has the back, but are you skating at all?
No, I skated one time since I retired.
Yeah, I played with all my boys back home.
I told them, first year I retired, they played in the state.
Where's home again?
Port Hope?
Yeah, Port Hope, Ontario, from just outside Toronto.
You know where that is?
It's probably near Belleville.
Yeah, two kills there one weekend.
Well, I know it because Brad Richardson's from your hometown. Yeah? It's probably near Belleville. I had two kills there one weekend.
Well, I know it because Brad Richardson's from your hometown.
Yeah, Richie's from Belleville.
Yeah, so you guys are near each other.
You guys at one point would go back home together in the summer and you guys would have the same membership,
the same nice golf course.
Yeah, we would train together
and Richie would push me a little bit harder
than I probably wanted to be pushed.
But he was always up,
wanted to run the hills on Saturday morning,
which I was never a big fan of.
But thank God I did it.
You're like, I do my running Saturday night.
Somehow I got me in the league.
I walk on the weekends.
And even then I take a cab.
Yeah, Richie, he's a beauty.
So I played with my boys
and I was fucking terrible with it.
I mean, the first period of the first game,
I could hardly,
not that I was maybe the fleetest of foot ever,
but I was struggling
and these guys in men's league
were like stopping up on me.
I'm like, what the fuck?
It's so embarrassing.
Embarrassing.
I'm like,
so that was the last time
I strapped him on.
You're leaving the ice
and everyone's like,
that bum,
you're like,
I play in the NHL.
Then people are like
coming to watch
because it's a small hometown.
I think my dad
opened his big mouth
and was like,
yeah, he's playing
this tournament.
So then there's actually
people coming to watch me.
I'm like, holy.
I'm like, that's...
Then the heart rate starts going all nervous.
Can't snap it around like you normally would.
Your dad's like, Shane, start trying.
You're embarrassing me.
You're like, Dad, I'm fucking trying.
It falls over.
I'm like, actually, I'm trying.
I have lace bite, Dad.
Hey, asshole.
Can you come down and lose my skates?
Oh, lace bite.
Jeez, don't get me going.
I apologize to listeners if this has been brought up before,
but Loops and Uppy were good friends.
I told the story of us being at the draft together,
talking to Don Cherry.
And then I'm thinking Loops played with Obi first in Cincinnati.
Yes.
You remember being like, Uppy, we found another one of us.
You know what?
The whole team was like that.
We had Sheldon Brookbank, Dustin Penner.
Oh, Jesus.
Penner's just in like
Saudi Arabia or something.
Yeah, he went over there
for Comic-Con or something.
He is one of the most...
No, he did.
I know.
I talk to him sometimes.
He's so interesting.
He sent me a picture
with a bunch of princes
and shit on my home.
Yeah, I got that picture.
You flying private home?
Yeah, he's like
gold-plated toilets
and shit on the plane.
But I interrupted you, Loop.
Sorry.
That team, you were when you originally played with Obes.
Well, it was a great year, too, because we knew the lock was lasting the whole year.
So no one was competing with each other other than for pussy.
And we weren't very picky back then.
I like this Lupo.
Hey, I got this loophole guy.
He's a good guy.
He'll take down a 10.
He'll take down a 3.
He'll take down anything.
This is awesome, man.
What about these two?
He's like, yeah, sure, why not?
SWAT team 6, eh?
Get the door.
Get the...
All right, you get her.
I'll get her.
Holy shit.
He's on the blue man.
Jump on the grenade.
Jump on the grenade. Jump on the grenade.
Oh, way to go.
The cock shows up.
Sorry, I brought that a little far.
The first time you...
Yeah, Babs was the...
Well, he was a coach in Anaheim at the time,
so he would come down all the time.
Oh, I thought he was in Cincy then.
No, I had him the year before in Anaheim,
and then I went...
Was he playing mind games then?
Yeah, I think that's... he's always been like that.
I mean, it's a tough ending for him.
It is the ending though, you think?
I don't think he ever gets another head coaching job.
I don't know.
It's tough to say.
But I messaged Obi the one day when he did that interview when he's like,
Mike Babcock's always betting on Mike Babcock because Mike Babcock always wins.
I'll take the other one, by the way.
It was one day later, I think.
No, I messaged Obi.
I go, they got to fire this guy.
You can't be kidding.
It's crazy.
Hold on, I'm getting a text from Mike Babcock.
If Shaq would have done it, we all would have laughed.
It's like, you're going to give a crack,
and he's like, I'm finally up on the law.
Oh, I laughed, but then I was like, fuck, they're going to fire this guy.
So what do you guys think of all this, like, coaching shit coming out lately?
I know we've been beating it to death, but do you think it's going to
They all went through it.
I mean, is it getting blown out of proportion a little bit?
Is it, like, a reckoning?
Like, what's your take, I mean, as guys out of the league?
I mean, it sucks to see guys fight.
I mean, Peter should have got canned, like, for sure.
Yeah, that didn't happen 35 years ago.
That was nine years ago, for Christ's sake, you know?
It's just a new generation of athlete.
Like, some coaches said some real mean shit to me throughout my career,
and even when I was a kid, when I was in junior.
You could look at a man and be like, fuck you.
Check my kill count, coach.
Check my top 10, bud.
The thing that I've never...
It's like an
AHL cheater.
Yeah, no kidding, man.
The thing I never understood, though, is
whenever coaches would pull this shit
and do whatever,
most of us could just shake it off kind of.
But never once did a coach treat me like that,
and it made me play better.
Every time it makes you play worse.
So I don't get what's the theory behind it.
I think these guys learned it from World War II-style coaches,
and it worked for those guys,
and it was just negative reinforcement.
No, I think if you're fucking positive with people, you're going to get better results.
But they just were trained such a different way, and it worked, so they kept doing it.
Right, yeah.
But I've never, in any job, I don't think if you hate your boss and he's being a prick,
how is that going to help you?
Yeah, that's crazy.
I don't think like that, nor would I care enough about hockey to go kick somebody.
Yeah, I mean...
I'd be like, fuck, now we can't have more fun.
But whatever, I guess we'll just have fun.
I mean, I got ripped a lot in my career.
Torch ripped me all the time.
You know what?
Where'd you get Torch?
Randy ripped me, asked me how many Norwich Trophies I won in my rookie year.
How many Norwich Trophies you won?
I was like, man, that's my first year in the league, Randy.
I play six minutes a night.
I go get pumped by someone. I sit on the bench. I go to Sharky. So I don't have any Norwich Trophies won. I was like, man, that's my first day in the league, Randy. I play six minutes a night. I go get pumped by someone.
I sit on the bench.
I go to Sharky.
So I don't have any Norris Trophies.
No.
I had three kills last week, but I don't have any Norris Trophies.
How many kills you get in a weekend, Randy?
I just didn't like it when coaches made it personal and not about hockey.
If you want to rip me about hockey and scratch me and put me in the press box or whatever,
that's your right as a coach.
But when you start making it personal about the character of a player,
a person off the ice, I mean, Sven Barchi in Calgary
went through it with Bob Hartley.
Really?
I finally just had enough, and I had enough of Bob to begin with.
And, you know, I stuck up for Barchi,
and two weeks later I was on waivers.
What did he say, though?
What did he say to him?
What did Hartley say to Barchi?
You know, he was just a young Swiss kid.
He was a first-rounder.
He was coming over.
He was struggling.
The game was still different back then.
If you were a smaller guy back then...
He was skilled, too.
He was so skilled.
He just beat this kid down and beat this kid down,
and Barchi would never say anything.
So finally, one day, I went into Bob's office,
and I just said to him, I'm like,
I don't think it's right the way you're treating Sven.
He's a rookie.
He's already not playing.
The kid's almost crying in the fucking dressing room.
He's like, you got your own fucking issues, old Brian.
You're fat and terrible.
Get out of my office.
Fat, drunk, and stupid.
I'm like, I'm making 2.4, though, Bob.
The Hamburglar, my agent, the Hamburglar got him.
I remember the  I hope he wouldn't mind me saying this.
I don't think he would.
But the year Loops was with the back injury in Anaheim, we had Ryan Carter.
He's now the TV guy, I think, for the Wild.
But Randy was giving it to him, and we were all skating.
It was after Rookie Party, and it was the same practice where Teemu was getting on the bus.
And Randy goes, no, and he turned around and went up to bed.
I'm like, what a legend.
He doesn't have to come.
But at the end, Randy's just giving it to guys. And he's like, all right, you skate a lap. You're off the bed. I'm like, what a legend. He doesn't have to come. At the end, Randy is just giving it to guys.
He's like, alright, you skate a lap. You're off the ice.
Carter's one of the guys that he kept
making stay out there. Blah, blah, blah.
Finally, Karts is pushing the net.
We had to push the net from blue line to blue line.
Goal line to goal line. Karts comes in
with the net going pretty fast. The dude
could skate and push the net into
Randy Carlyle. Randy went flying.
I think Karts might have got scratched ten games in a row after. He's like, fuck, was that over the line? I go, you pushed the net into Randy Carlyle. Randy went flying. I think Cartsmite got scratched
10 games in a row after. He's like, fuck, was that over
the line? I go, you pushed the net at the coach.
It weighs 35 pounds.
I could tell it was a man legit snapping.
But we'll have to get him on and ask him
about it. But Randy could give it. He said to me,
too, how many Norrises you got? You got four
turnovers, you fucking pigeon.
Do you remember when, speaking of Ryan
Carter,
you had been on the team at the same time when he tried to get a little momentum going for the boys
and he fought that Ivanis in L.A.?
Oh, that guy was a handful.
I gave him credit, but oh my God.
I fought Ivanis once in preseason.
I think it ended quick.
Yeah, but you had 100 more fights than Ryan.
Yeah, yeah.
So obviously he gets absolutely pumpernickeled.
And he comes into the locker room and Randy goes,
if you ever ruin momentum again like that, no way.
And that was when everyone's like, his face is just mangled.
I'm like, oh, that's, come on, man.
Keep your head up, Carson.
Keep your head up.
I'm a momentum ruiner.
Every other player, we walked in, we're like, good job, man.
Fucking right.
By the way, this is back in the day, and we were in Columbus,
and a couple guys in Anaheim went over to strip club,
and I'm talking to a girl, blah, blah, blah,
and I end up saying, yeah, my name's Ryan.
At the end, she's like, Ryan what?
I was like, Carter.
I don't know why.
He had a girlfriend, too.
All of a sudden, next day in the stands, there's a Ryan Carter.
We had a great time yesterday.
I was like, Carter's like, who is that?
I was like, oh, my God.
I shouldn't have used your name.
He probably doesn't even know that.
I shriveled him bad.
Yeah, I just told him my name was him.
He wasn't even there.
Just out of ideas.
Any other name?
She's like, he didn't have an enormous left ear.
What the fuck?
Check out the pregame notes
Of the program
Now this is probably one of the best
Feel like a locker room session ever right now
This is like we're back in the room
But we never have to go on the ice
That's the best part of it
That's the best part
I guess I did that in a lot of my career too
Keith Yandel says that he's gonna
He's gonna pay guys when he retires
Just to go to the rink
Get dressed in equipment Sit in the room And then get undressed in to pay guys when he retires just to go to the rink, get dressed in equipment, sit in the room, and then get undressed in showers.
And then when he retires today, that'll be the play.
Fire my cell phone number.
I'm in for that.
Cons, doing well with that new company.
Yeah, Cons is doing great.
Action Park Media has got a cool studio in West Hollywood.
Obviously, he's got that Bob Maron sign.
He's got a couple new projects coming out in the new year.
And, you know, you guys know Kahn.
He's a great guy.
He's very passionate about it.
So Kahn, though, that dude is a legitimate Islanders psycho.
Yeah, he loves it.
I mean, he's tweeting at me, they're not so boring now.
I'm like, Kahn, relax.
Yeah, yeah.
He loves it.
Yeah, but it's a cool little studio, and he's very passionate about it.
He lets me hang out there, and there's always hot chicks and stuff.
So I'm like, God, this is a pretty good studio we got here, buddy.
Blue label, black label.
I'm like, I may never leave.
Is there a cot in the back?
He's like, Jesus Christ, O'Brien hasn't left the place yet.
This guy doesn't even have a podcast with us.
This guy's just talking in a microphone.
It's not even plugged in.
He's been here for four hours.
Obi ordered another pizza in the goddamn studio.
Is that a meat lover's conch?
Yeah, back here, buddy.
Hey, fucker.
Fuck, what else should we cover?
I'd like to know, Matt Gell, how did you become buddies with all these guys?
And it goes, it's Matt Harvey.
It's a huge crew of all you knuckleheads.
Yeah, I think Berard introduced me to Brockheimer.
Yeah, Berard's the glue guy for sure.
You can tell this to Lou.
Berard brought it up.
Again, I thought he was amazing on his episode.
He has so much more to tell.
Yeah, I mean, obviously he was a legend and his story is incredible.
But he used to come party with us at BC, and I was good buddies with
well, I probably led the charge for Jerry York's recruiting.
It was me, then Reisner, Goudreau, the Hayes brothers.
But, yeah, Berard used to come party with us at BC when he was playing,
and he was the only guy that we ever knew.
You go to BC, and there are a lot of people that have money,
but he was the only one who actually made their own money.
He showed up when we were sophomores with the 9-11.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, you go to Mary Ann's with, you know,
he used to roll around with two grand in cash.
By the way, at that time, that's 100 grand in college.
Yeah, that lasts you the year at Mary Ann's for you and all the mods.
So he brought me into the Bruckheimer.
Did you guys ever play in the Bruckheimer?
Oh, I played in the Bruckheimer twice.
We talked to her a few times.
Sergey Fedorov's performance that I cannot bring up.
Yeah, he put on One for the Ages.
At the Bruckheimer?
Yeah, he did more damage.
It was something that listeners are sorry about. If you ever meet me in person, ask me about Sergey Fedorov at the Bruckheimer? Yeah, he did more damage. At the club, it was something that listeners are sorry about.
If you ever meet me in person, ask me about Sergey Fedorov at the Bruckheimer.
Oh, come on.
Yeah, similar damages.
I've never even heard this story.
Similar damages as Obi did in the monster seats with hot dogs last playoffs.
Oh, I haven't heard this.
I said, Loops and I go to, me, Berard, and Loops go to game one of the World Series.
Yeah, and we fill up with dogs and beers on the way to the seats.
And I asked Loops, I said, what do you think the record is for dogs in a nine inning game?
And Loops says, well, fuck, O'Brien had to eat.
I'm like, I'm not sure what the record is, but I think Kobe banged down eight.
It's got to be in the cup.
These things are good. These things are good.
These things are
good fighters.
So eight.
Actually eight,
though?
I don't know.
It might have been
eight, but I don't
think so, Biz, but
it was quite a few.
Gobi's the only guy
ever to be dipping
him in beer like
Joey Chestnut.
You're like, whoa,
this isn't a hot dog
eating contest, Gobi.
You'll love this
story, Witt.
So it was spring
training in Tampa.
Torch is my coach.
I love this story. It's my second year in the league.'m playing way too many minutes we suck but whatever so they trade a first rounder for me so i'm on the scene hot came on the scene hot so it's red
socks yankees in tampa me and paul ranger me and paul ranger go to the game um before why were they
in tampa sorry they bring three seasons my bad my bad that's my bad. Me and Range before the game, we smoke a little weed.
We're feeling good.
We go in there.
I grab two big beers, two jumbo hot dogs, and we can't find our fucking seats, right?
Range is like, I think it's over here.
So down we go.
And I'll back up.
So anyways, I go up, down three or four fucking sections of the stadium, right?
Next day, we're getting there for pre-scout.
So I'm getting my stuff.
I'm sitting down.
And then Torch is like, hey boys, you know,
we've been talking about OB a lot
about being a pro
and taking this stuff seriously
off the ice
and it's obviously
really fucking working.
Roll the tape here, Nudge.
And there's me.
There's me.
Two beers,
two dogs
walking up and down
at the fucking Tampa Stadium
with the Yankees game
and the boys are just dying.
You're like,
I didn't know Preseason
was on TV.
I'm like,
who got that?
Torch got him
with his phone.
Video guy got him
with his phone.
Oh,
it wasn't even
camp,
it wasn't video.
No,
it was Torch
and the video guy
goes,
Torch's like,
there's Obi,
he's got two beers
and a dog,
start rolling it.
And he just like,
swear to God,
the boys the next day
for pre,
and it was the day
before a game too,
which whatever,
but the boys were dying,
man.
Afternoon game.
Obi's like, I didn't have any mustard on the ketchup.
It was training camp.
I laid off the sauces.
How do we interrupt that story there?
I'm sorry.
Good segue.
And we're back.
No, no.
I think it's how a lot of us have met,
but the Bruckheimer tournament,
I don't know if it's ever,
I'm sure it's come up on the
pod. I feel like
we might be able to bring it back. Jerry, hey.
So yeah, Mr. Bruckheimer
just used to throw a big boondoggle and
the first year
that Berard brought me in, I got put on
this guy Tom Bernard
who's a legendary producer.
Everyone needs a goalie.
He would bring some of the boys,
like Mark Fraser went to Cannes Film Festival with him.
Yeah, he took me as a legend.
Yeah, so I want to do that with him.
He's a legend.
Like to every party.
Yeah, he's an amazing guy,
and really not a,
you wouldn't picture him as a Hollywood guy.
No, he's like the anti-Hollywood.
He's like him.
Yeah, yeah, you'll see Tom clowns there are a bunch of scrappers
and on every team including most of the uh hollywood guys and tommy bernard had gone maybe
10 years without winning the tournament and um uh everything just came together for us this year
well we had i think we had commie on our team, and Loops went legend.
He was scoring about six goals a game.
Loops is trying.
He was making me.
I would be like, fuck it around.
He'd be like, stop fucking around.
I'm like, but it's Hollywood.
He's fucking some chick bar on the bench.
It's like, hey, can you fucking pay attention here, please?
Seven kills.
Yeah, he's like fucking hookers in you fucking pay attention here, please? Seven kills back then.
Fucking hookers in the fucking block.
Maybe not hookers.
Maybe Russian escorts.
There's a difference.
There's a difference. Back when Hard Rock
was the spot to be,
they had that circle bar, and Loops
was supposed to be at a wedding
back in California, and
he did go to the wedding, to his credit, but
to come back for the championship game, all of a sudden he shows up.
No, no.
So I left.
I had to go.
It was Andy McDonald who played on the Ducks.
He was sick, by the way.
He was a great player.
And we lived together my first year.
So it was his wedding, and I'm like, I have to go to this wedding.
That's a classy move, Loobs.
And then I'm just getting a pretty standard move, going to your buddy's wedding.
You're like, hey.
I RSVP'd.
It's pretty standard.
So I go back.
And then I go to the wedding, and I'm like, fuck.
Everyone's hitting.
Tom's like, can you get back here?
Is there any way?
I'm looking.
I'm like, you gotta, can you get back here? Is there any way I'm looking? There's I'm like,
there's no flights.
And so I get my car and now I'm leaving the wedding and it's like,
whatever midnight or 1am.
And I'm like,
I'll just drive it to drive back to Vegas from LA.
Yeah.
Holy.
What is that?
Five hours.
Yeah.
The first two,
it was in an Aston Martin.
It's a little quicker.
The first two hours is the a great idea. In an Aston Martin, it's a little quicker. The first two hours.
Was it the first radar gun ever for cops that was like 7,000 that Tom and they were already pulling you over?
But long story short, I made it back and we played in the game and won.
And then ever since then, Tommy Bernard.
He loved the boys.
Yeah, he's like, I'll take you to Cannes Film Festival.
You fucking drove all the way back here at 5 in the morning.
That is, yeah.
But I'm sure once you went to Cannes over in, where is it, France?
Cannes.
That's in France.
Cannes, France, yeah.
Oh, you're the best, all right.
Sorry.
Sorry for fucking breathing.
Hey, boy, boy.
Cannes, France.
Sorry.
Mackel, in the Beast podcast, I have no problem saying this because I said it then, and he's
open to everything.
I saw him the first time I met him.
He's sitting there with Boynton at the Hard Rock VIP room or whatever,
high-limit room, and he has 5,000 a hand.
He's got four hands.
He's got splits.
He's got doubles.
I was like, this is the NHL?
I hate putting you on the spot.
You must have some legendary gambling stories from Beast.
Yeah, back then he was always pretty composed as a gambler.
I mean, I'd never seen,
he wasn't like, I mean, granted,
five hours later, we'd go to Baby's,
which then turned into Body English,
and he'd have his shirt off,
and he'd be headbutting.
Oh, I was doing Vegas when Body English was a thing.
Yeah, I think we were. That was at a thing. That was at Hard Rock.
Yeah, at Hard Rock.
Hard Rock had it all.
You didn't need to leave campus.
Hard Rock had the best vibe in the casino area.
The center bar was the best.
You could run around there with your shirt off.
If you ever struck out, you could always just go back to that center bar,
and there's going to be some drag.
If two other guys were like, oh oh man, you struck out too?
We didn't see each other very much, Loops.
I just heard.
Loops is like, if
you ever struck out.
Yeah, Berard actually always credited
the older guy and he's always
been like that with all of us from the time we met him
where, like, everything was dialed in.
I mean, fuck, we went to  oh, we can tell the story.
But, you know, his first Bruckheimer, Burrard had
you know, he would get a suite at Hard Rock,
and then he'd get, like, the bowling alley suite at the Palms.
Hey, hey, hey.
When we used to go, it used to get a little silly like that.
He's so modest, that guy, dude.
He wouldn't tell you that
So it's my rookie year
Or whatever
I'm like
I'm like
You guys got hot dogs there?
I'm like
I had a pretty good rookie year there
Whatever
I think I got this NHL thing figured out
Pretty good or whatever
I haven't played 15 years
I mean Luke's been having a good time
I go to Vegas for the first time
When he's there
Berard's got two suites
One at the Hard Rock
One at the Palms
Both dialed to the...
I'm like, wow, I got a lot of work to do here to catch up.
Yeah.
I was struggling to get my flight.
You're like, and I have two eyes.
He flew in eight waitresses from Montreal
to take a mix of Globe
and Buena Notte. I don't know if there was any competition.
Dude, you want to talk about doing it
right in big time. Two suites
and flying in smoke show waitresses is as big time as you get.
Yeah, that's what the big boys do when they go to these monocle races and shit.
They fly in about 20 of them, and they're on deck.
And sometimes they keep them in the room.
They go out organic.
They go on the hunt.
If there's nothing early, boom.
Organic.
It's a rigged hunt.
Business comparing an avocado.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm saying it's going out on the hunt naturally as opposed to pre-lining them up.
Listen, I'm not doing this type of big boy partying, but you ask enough questions.
But you'll hang around enough people that do, Ben.
Yeah, and all that too.
And you're like, Jesus Christ, that's some level of partying where you're spending that much money to fly in girls you put them up at some massive airbnb and you keep them on fucking deck
by the way by the way barard barard's like you gotta feed them you want to learn you want to
learn how to ruin a hotel room i was at noccano in 98 with all those boys i know how to ruin
remember that story oh they people still hang that over Chelios?
Do you think they give a fuck?
Like, man, they trashed the room.
Big fucking deal.
They had a bunch of Sapporos, and they fucking...
Do you think Chili gives a fuck?
Does Chili give a fuck?
It was like a one in 100 of what Led Zeppelin did on an average.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
Well, we're comparing to Led Zeppelin.
I'll take that.
It was Chelios and Walt.
Sorry.
They're rock stars in their own right, and they trashed the hotel room.
Let's all get over it.
They didn't hurt anyone.
They probably paid the tab.
Everybody won.
Hey, the carpenter had to come back in and make some fucking chairs or whatever.
He fucking made a little extra money because of them.
You're boosting the fucking economy.
Chellios signed some pieces of sushi as he left the country.
The furniture apparently was really small and late anyway.
That's what I'm saying.
Ikea, get the fucking shit on.
Do you want me to sign your nigiri?
Sorry for helping the economy.
No, I mean, I'm saying, did anyone really get hurt?
No.
Somebody had to clean up their mess.
They were pro athletes, and it was typical to shit on pro athletes back then because
they acted like they fucked up.
I didn't think I'd open this can of worms. Jesus Christ, guys.
They ruined a hotel room.
Who else at the Bruckheimer do you guys remember being like,
whoa?
Sheldon Surrey stuck out to me.
Sheldon Surrey can walk in anywhere.
I did one with him
and that's why I became friends with Sheldon Surrey.
One what?
A podcast?
A threesome?
I skated by him one time in a
rink.
I posed next to him, opened a camera
and got a picture of him.
He's a good fucking wingman is what I was saying.
Fuck you guys. Yeah, he's a good wingman
because whatever he decides that he
doesn't like, you're like,
hey, I'm Biz Nasty.
Swipe up.
Promo code Biz20.
I'll give you my uncovered wagon for free.
That's what I'm saying.
Thank you, Sheldon.
Thank you.
Luke, what about, what's your schedule here?
New York, LA?
How does that work?
I don't know.
Just whenever you, no, seriously.
I love that. Whenever you feel like traveling. Yeah. Just whenever you... No, seriously. I love that.
Whenever you feel like traveling.
Yeah.
It's kind of back and forth.
You call me if there's a party, I'll be there.
Hey, you made a lot of money.
You invested wisely.
And, you know, you're fucking living the life you want to live.
Speaking of the money he made...
I mean, you're smart, dude.
Yeah.
The restaurant...
So Andy and I, the restaurant here in New York, it's doing quite well.
And we're enjoying it.
And we're...
Ideally, we're looking to expand.
No jerseys, guys.
Investors?
Investors?
No, no, not Barstool.
Barstool's not investing.
Well, we could patch this up. What do you say?
So we've had these bottles here.
We haven't cracked one yet.
Let's see if you guys even like them.
These are the last 12 that will ever be made.
I'm drinking the real stuff.
I'm good.
All right, I'll try one.
R.A.'s going to be our guinea pig here.
What is it?
R.A.'s like, I'll try anything twice.
It's not tasty.
There we go.
Hold on.
By the way, Loops signed a monster deal.
Loops has signed one deal that was my biggest deal I ever signed. Then he signed another one way bigger, and I texted him, congrats, Loops signed a monster deal. Loops has signed one deal that was my biggest deal I ever signed.
Then he signed another one way bigger.
And I texted him, congrats, Loops.
He goes, yeah, now I'm officially fuck you rich.
I couldn't help but laugh and respect the shit out of it.
You just doubled me up.
I'm just kidding, right?
The thing about Loops, too, is he always got his deal done before his other deal was over.
And he never had an agent either, which I never quite understood either.
But he's just like-
Oh, you signed your own deal?
He's like, I just got another five-year ticket.
My dad was a lawyer, but I never went to free agency ever.
Ever.
I just saw him and just like-
Especially when I was in Toronto, I was like-
You liked it.
At that time, I was just, I was really liking it, and they made an offer, and I was like-
Champagne?
Sorry, is this champagne?
Yeah, I think there's some sparkling wine in there, and then Pink Whitney, and-
Oh, so it's like, wonder they fucking sell you the season.
No wonder why you got fucking sued.
They're like, we want to sell this shit.
Fuck, motherfucker.
I created this logo.
I want my cut, too.
Your cut.
We actually went through the books.
We were able to sell 11 of them.
I want my appetizer tonight.
18 bucks for you guys to get it.
It's tasty. It's a little too bucks for you guys. It's tasty.
It's a little too sweet for my liking.
It's sweet.
Yeah, yeah.
Sip and chick.
Let's enjoy it while it's gone before it gets fucking CD again.
Enjoy it while it's gone.
Enjoy it while it's gone, he said.
Smoke another one.
It's gone.
It used to be wet.
Basto used to get the CDs, and now Basto sends the CDs.
I know.
To an old teammate of mine, I just got to be called scummer for that long
and be able to send perfecto a CD.
Made my day.
El perfecto.
Why do you call him that?
Oh, I don't know why I look at the guy, for Christ's sake.
Everything he does turns to gold.
He'll sit in a bed for a month and still sign for 30 million a couple years.
So we had you each guys on
and afterwards
sometimes you're like,
oh, fuck,
I wish I would have
told that story.
Did you have any more
that you wish you had told?
I know we told the one
about the bouncer
becoming a fighter.
Oh, yeah,
we told that after we finished.
Well, we might have some new...
Did you guys ever get him on?
I know you're...
No, we were looking for him,
the lawyer.
He's a lawyer in Chicago.
So let's tell the backstory
because we got some
new listeners here.
He's an attorney in Chicago,
I guess. He's going to send us a CD break.
I might hire him to fight this thing.
This shit's gross.
I'd rather eat my final Pinot Grigio
I already got.
R.A.'s waffled.
R.A.'s West Coast wagon
tour drunk right now.
I'm white girl. Honestly, sipping chiclets, I can see why you got sued.
Mute that mic, Grinnell.
Mute it.
I can see why you got sued.
That's pretty fucking, it's way too sweet.
What else do you guys want to talk about?
How long have we been going, Grinnell?
Mackel, what about-
Six hours.
Are you guys going to go over there and watch the Spangler Cup?
Excuse me, I'm getting R.A. wasted over here.
You guys should go over there and watch it. Watch the Spangler? I mean me. I'm getting RA wasted over here. You guys should go over there and watch the Spangler.
I mean, you guys are in every different location every other week.
We're meeting them in the French Alps.
Yeah.
We got a big ski trip planned over the...
We're going to Tahoe, so we're going to miss the Spangler.
You guys do not mess around.
You guys travel like kings.
I think you should send me to the French Alps with these guys to go skiing for two weeks.
So what's a trip like that cost?
What's a trip like that cost?
So my boy in Newport, Vinnie Smith, he's loaded, and he's an absolute beauty.
He's got like six or seven just sick pads, like two in Jackson Hole, one in Cabo, Park City, Tahoe.
I think he made it with tech Something to do with tech
Yeah
He's a member at
Big Canyon Country Club
So I teed up with him
A little bit
And he's just a beauty
And he rents his pad
For like
10 to 15 grand a night
And he gave it to the boys
For 3 grand a night
So we're going for a week
Cover the costs
Cover the costs
The maids
The maids
Everything like that
And we're just gonna go there
Chef the driver
We've done Aspen
The last couple years
But it's tough on the Amex
Especially when Flowers is with you
Because he doesn't fucking even have one
He's a plus one
Have you ever skied in Europe before, Obi?
I skied in Austria, yeah, during All-Star break
How much better is it than skiing in the States?
I actually thought
I found it just a little bit more difficult in Austria
But it was just because I only skied a couple days
But it was pretty tough for me.
But these boys went to Swiss last year and lit it up.
Yeah, yeah.
We went to Verbier.
Oh, so you guys are hardcore skiers?
They don't get as much, but they gained a lot more after the Opere.
After SC?
The Opere and the nightlife there is a big step up.
Where is Obi?
I picture Obi as the guy who does one run
and then is like, I love the ski.
I love the ski.
No, no, no.
Obi, Obi.
He goes.
Larry's going.
He's the only guy that goes up the chairlift
and then actually goes down the chairlift.
He's like, I got a problem with my bindings.
And Obi's the best.
It's because the vial's in there, Larry.
That's why.
You stuck the vial in there.
It's probably stuck in the heel part.
Just move your heel.
There it is.
There's the vial.
I kind of like this skiing.
Some kid rents the same booties.
I was like, what's this thing?
There you go.
What were you saying, Michael?
No, I got to defend Obi here.
He loves it out there, and he actually shreds,
and he'll just rip the Pearl Jam and take selfie videos as he's ripping down the mountain with his mirrored goggles on.
I like that.
He's good out there.
He hums, too.
There's going to be one time a little four-year-old's going to play.
Don't let this body fool you, Ben.
I just like my play.
Two things.
I'm not rich enough to ski, and I've never really gotten into it.
He's like, no snowboard company's given me a swipe up yet.
I tell you, at some point... You motherfuckers.
You guys have been busting my balls with these swipe ups.
Can I brand
swipe up this 24-hour?
You know nothing about skiing.
Look at that body. That's the thing about skiing,
Rich. You don't have to be like fucking Johnny
Adler to ski. Well, if you want to go down the
bunny slope all day, yeah. Well, that's what I was
going to say. I was like, if you want to go down the bunny slope all day, yeah. Well, that's what I was going to say.
I was like, could I survive one tier above the bunny slope,
never doing it before?
Blue squares.
Blue circles.
There's no problem.
All right.
You can handle that.
There's four-year-old kids out there,
so I'm sure you can get down there.
Yeah, but there's four-year-old kids who can stickhandle.
Probably a little more cartilage in the knees, too.
I was in Stowe, Vermont, which, I mean, East Coast skiing is nothing compared to, like,
on the west side of the country.
But I got to a double black diamond that my buddy brought me to kind of by accident,
went down the entire hill on my ass.
Like, there's no  some of those slopes, there's no chance you're getting down.
You know what I mean?
On the East Coast?
It's like  because you've got the ice to deal with on the East Coast skiing. Like, it's no chance you're getting down. You know what I mean? On the East Coast?
I'm not good, though.
You've got the ice to deal with on the East Coast skiing.
It's a little bit more difficult.
There's no powder.
When you're in Aspen and it's just nice and fresh powder,
you can handle it.
Are you skiing or snowboarding?
I ski.
Luke's is definitely snowboarding.
Is there a sexy... You're the most guaranteed snowboarder I've ever seen.
I'm going to start skiing, though.
Is there a sexy female demographic in the ski world?
They're called bunnies.
If you went to Aspen over New Year's, there would be tons, tons, tons.
But a lot of them are spoken for, though.
It's kind of like a whistler.
No, not over New Year's.
I mean, because a lot of these places in New York, One Oak, Surf Lodge, they're doing something this year.
So they do these pop-ups.
Oh, out there?
Yeah.
So if you have really generous friends and they decide to rent a big chalet for you, you can actually host One Oak after parties in their chalets.
So you're getting all the cocktail servers come over and they suck the dick off your torso
and it's kind of like an arrangement but not an arrangement.
No, there's a golf ball in a garden hose and they have to suck it through the garden hose
to get into the party.
I'm sure Jason Strauss from Tao Group is going to love this.
Loops threw an after party and invited all of Hollywood from 2008 to our buddy's basement
party.
Our one buddy and his pregnant wife were upstairs. Check out his history. all of Hollywood from 2008 to our buddy's basement party.
Our one buddy and his pregnant wife were upstairs.
He's going to be done with school makeup.
Sorry, it's the Oscars show.
Buckled.
Buckled.
Dude, she's the best editor ever.
No, no, keep going.
This is good.
Sometimes you get a little too fucked up
and it's good that you should let you run.
Hey, you know what? Yeah, I'm drunk. We've been potting it for a little while fucked up, and it's good that we should let you run. Hey, you know what?
Yeah, I'm drunk.
We've been drinking all day.
We've been potting it for a little while.
No, we started drinking like an hour ago.
Fuck yeah.
We got four bottles of wine from Grinnelli.
Thank you, Grinnelli, for the present.
We drank about six bottles.
Grinnelli got them.
He got them.
This is what we deal with.
This is what we deal with.
We had four bottles of wine, but then we drank six bottles of wine.
It was actually two bottles of wine.
So it's gone up, but it actually is way less than he said.
Well, that's R.A. math.
I owe it a six more.
But anyways, yeah, we're having fun.
It's been a long day.
We had a lot of fucking cocktails.
This ain't getting censored, I'll tell you that for free.
R.A. checked out halfway through the Avery interview, and here we are.
Oh, fuck that, dude.
See, these guys live their own lives.
They probably don't know.
One time, R.A. on the
West Coast Wagon Tour last year fell
asleep while we were eating dinner. Woke
up. Saw a meal next to him
while the guy was in the bathroom. What did R.A. do?
Just start eating the guy's food.
That's who we're dealing with right now.
Is that not a fact story? It is a fact but Brett
made such a drama deal out of that dude.
I saw the whole thing. I made the drama story.
You woke up. A guy went to the bathroom,
went to the guy's meal,
you ate his meal.
That's buckle.
I was fucking blackout
And then we had
Connor McDavid
and he was like,
we were eating
Jimmy's style,
I come back from the
bathroom,
I was shit-faced.
But he made a wicked
big fucking deal about it.
Most guys are like,
hey, all right,
no big deal.
He was a drama
Because I told him to.
Because I told him to.
The guy whose meal
you ate made a big deal
of it?
Oh, oh, I would be fucking furious if I was in the bathroom and I told him to. The guy whose meal you ate made a big deal of it? Oh, he made a big deal of it.
I would be fucking furious if I was in the bathroom and someone ate my meal.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Don't give me edibles.
Should we talk about flowers for a bit, maybe?
Let's talk about that.
Let's talk about Larry Flowers.
Sitting in the room.
He recently grabbed an awesome Rolex for Grinnelli.
Is it real?
Check the serial numbers, Grinnelli.
Just pray it doesn't get
broken. Well, actually, no. Funny flower story.
This is the hookup Larry has.
So recently I grabbed my wife
one of those Cartier bracelets
with the diamond in there. And I
called Cartier. I was like, hey, what size did
I get of the other one? And the guy's like,
whatever, 16. He goes, why?
Are you getting a new one?
I said, yeah, actually, my buddy's getting 10
off, so, I mean, no offense, thank you for your
help, but I'm going to save 1,000.
He goes, that's not
possible. We do not, anything
that you're getting is a fake. So I text Larry,
uh, flowers.
He goes, no, I'll have a certificate
of authentication. I go, how do you
save the 1,000?
I still haven't found out, but I believe him.
He's like, is that a cocktail napkin?
This is good.
This diamond's good.
He brings a receipt from a local jewelry store in Philly.
No, it's legit 100.
You want to sell it, just sell it back to me.
There's one person you can sell this back to.
Don't bring it to Cartier, please.
God sakes, don't call your insurance company.
Which one of you guys can bring in the first
when I met Flowers type thing?
Who was the first to meet him of all you guys?
It's Loops and Cody's fault.
It's Cody Label's fault.
You forever brought him in the next Loops.
And now it's Uppy's fault because Uppy keeps him around
and we're still not quite sure why.
Nah, I'm just joking.
This sums it up.
Biz just went to take a piss and he came back and Flowers is now taking his headset and mic.
He's like about time, guys.
He's this Bissonette character.
He's nice.
He's like Flowers promo code.
He's just completely taken the Biz promo code.
I've just got a little better looking.
So you met him first and then you brought him in the mix.
You brought this guy in.
Now he's there forever.
Why are you trying to get rid of me for years?
Flowers would get the boys dialed in Hollywood back in the day
when we just started hanging out there.
He'd get the boys a sick table at Hyde and run the tab up.
We'd be like, Flowers, where's the after party?
I don't know. He's like, I got us here. I got you here. You two guys be like Flowers where's the after party I don't know
I don't know
he's like I got us here
I got you here
you two guys job
I get the after party
where's the after party
I'm like
I don't know
we'll track it down
Flowers
now that R.A. left the room
can you imagine
working with him all the time
when he gets that buckle
holy
fuck
this ain't getting cut either
I mean that's as drunk
as I've ever seen him
if you had a plate of Chinese food
and you went to the bathroom
you would have eaten
the whole thing.
I would say
West Coast Wagon Tour,
McDavid episode,
he was probably
a little bit more drunk.
What did McDavid
think of that?
You're a righty, right?
He's like,
I'm a lefty.
What are you talking about?
Do you ever
watch the games?
I know you have
your gambling bets,
but you played
with the Sedin twins and things went good. I'm you have your gambling bets. You played with the Sadeen twins
and things went good. I'm on Edmonton.
We should probably wrap
this up so we can go to our dinner.
I want to thank all you guys. You can tell
this is kind of what a
locker room was like when you're hanging out with as biz calls
the hyenas, but Lupo, Upshaw, Mac
L, Berard, all these guys, and we thank
you very much. Appreciate it. And check out
Obi's new podcast. What's the name of it?
Point Breakaway with the Athletics. Thanks, man. Point Breakaway.
Josh Cooper. Yeah, Josh Cooper.
And Drew West in New York City. Lupo, Mackel,
right in the mix. You will not get a sipping
chiclets glass
of vodka or whatever it is.
We're seasoned to assist his ass.
They're now limited edition. We've actually
reignited this. Lupo reignited this Who really did it
Meanwhile he gets in touch with the lawyer
I said that's the guy who gave me the nickname scummer
It was me
But thank you everyone for listening
We appreciate it
This is why these guys are the best
We got one more thing that we actually forgot to bring up
Obi why don't you bring up your buddy
And everything he's going through
Yeah just one of our long time buddies Chris Schupp
We were talking about the Brockheimer earlier And that's where me and loops met him and um yeah he's you got a good one max
got a good one but he's got als and um obviously it's a terrible disease like we all know and um
how old is he how old's shup dog he's probably 45 45 44 he was at a second round draft pick Actually stopped playing hockey
Model, actor
He played hockey at Notre Dame
And then started playing maybe in the East Coast League
And he's at this legendary place called Felix
On a Sunday where they used to do this big blowout party
And this guy comes up to him and says
Hey, are you a a model and he's like
no what did you get your fucking hands off you and um goes back to his table but he's like i'm
a fucking hockey player he goes back to his table buddies are like what was that all about he's like
i don't know this guy works for calvin klein or something his buddy says uh you fucking dope that
is calvin klein so he calls him he calls him the next monday and uh goes into
calvin klein's office meets with calvin klein and a couple months later he's on a billboard with
kate moss um so he he hung him up um and man yeah yeah this guy's yeah he's a legend and uh we he
was on loops uh we all played on the same team brockheimer that's how we got to know him and um
amazing guy and obviously like um with you know pete fredes and he's he was with us this weekend
um chubby was and said he wanted to try to pick up where pete fredes left off obviously what what
cory and pete did to start that ice bucket challenge and the amount of money they raised, their big shoes to fill,
but that's what Chris wants to do.
And obviously with your platform.
We're going to be able to tweet out the GoFundMe link.
We're going to get it on the Chicklets account.
We're going to get it everywhere we can on Instagram.
It's on Lupo's Instagram and his profile.
The most horrific disease there is out there,
and for a guy that young that's meant a lot to you guys
and a good friend
we can only imagine that anything we can do to help
I think everyone here is willing to do that
so check it out please
and that's a guy that you know is close with these guys means a lot
so please check that out
oh boy
that was a fun one
huge thanks to those guys for showing up at the office
Lupo OB and Andy
it was quite an eventful fucking interview, no doubt about it.
Hopefully you guys enjoyed it.
But meanwhile, swaying back to the NHL news,
we noted our last episode that there's going to be a three-on-three
women's game at the All-Star game.
And what they're going to have is nine skaters and one goalie on each team.
They're going to play two 10-minute periods with running time.
This is actually pretty interesting.
Should the game end in a tie, there'll be a three-minute overtime with
running time. If overtime isn't
enough, the team whose player recorded
the highest score and the trick
shot contest that they do the night before,
that will determine the winner. So,
that'll add a little make sure when you're doing the trick
shot that you're really paying attention because the game
could come down to that. I think that's a nice little
interesting wrinkle that they added.
I like that. It's genius.
And if you are a fan of the women's game, which you ought to be,
the following will be playing for the Americans.
Alex Carpenter, Kendall Coyne-Scofield, Brianna Decker, Amanda Kessel,
Hillary Knight, Jocelyn Lamoureux-Davidson, Annie Pankowski, Casey Bellamy,
Lee Stecklein,
and the goalie is Alex Rigsby-Cavalini.
And for the Canadians, we got Megan Agosta, Melody Doust,
I hope I'm saying that right, Rebecca Johnston, Sarah Nurse,
Marie-Philippe Poulin, Natalie Spooner, Blair Turnbull, Renata Fast,
Laura Fortino, and the goalie is Anne-Renee Desbiens.
The coach for Canada is Jane Hefford.
The coach for America is Cami Granato. And the referees and lineswomen are all female, all women, Kelly Cook and Katie Guay.
I'm sorry.
I hope I'm pronouncing that right as well.
The referees and the lineswomen are Kendall Hanley and Kirsten Welsh.
So I'm definitely looking forward to it.
After we saw Kendall light it up with the speed last year,
I'm looking forward to these two because, honestly, guys,
this might be the most competitive event of the weekend, man.
These two fucking hate each other.
I think Doust might be Daou now.
Okay, yeah.
I don't know.
I recognize French names sometimes.
That's like my one skill.
What do you got? Yeah, guys, Casey Bellamy, actually. That's like my one skill. All right. What do you got?
Yeah, guys.
Casey Bellamy, actually.
It's a great name.
Very talented, wonderful player.
I just kind of wanted to bring up her brother, who's a good buddy of mine.
Give this kid a plug.
He's trying to make it as a musician.
Rob Bellamy.
Check him out on Instagram.
Rob Bellamy music.
This guy can sing.
He's handsome as shit.
So I just figured hearing her name and her
living at the top of her
profession, dominating international
hockey, playing in the NHL men's
All-Star game weekend, I figured
why not go to her sibling,
my friend Rob, and say check out his
Instagram and give him a little look.
In terms of the women,
I love it. It's going to be a blast
when Kendall Coyne was shot out of a cannon beneath the ice
and then came flying up going 140 miles an hour around the arena last year,
I thought it was one of the best moments of the season.
On the year-end season review, dude, that's in the video the NHL puts out.
Well, now we're going to get even more of it from a lot more women.
I think it'll be the most exciting thing of the night.
I'll put money on that.
And because of Biz or RA who ever said it, it's how much they hate each other.
And they will be as competitive as anyone else is.
Should we do a little bet between me and you for Team Canada, Team USA?
Gladly. Gladly.
The loser has to drop the cash off at the winning team's locker room
so they can be
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Better.
Loser has to go into the visiting team's locker room,
wipe their skates dry with a towel,
unlace their wheels, hang them up for them.
They're not going to let us do that.
I think they're going to allow us to hand over cash.
You don't think they're going to allow
some fucking loser that was
betting against them to take their
skates off? They'll probably be
untaping their stick while I'm doing it
and ice will be falling all over my stupid
haircut.
Maybe if they catch wind we'll have to do that.
But I'd be totally down and put a cash bet on it where you'd have to also hand over the cash.
But they get the money.
Are you saying they get the money?
Absolutely.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Yeah.
Fuck it.
Let's do this.
They probably can't get paid.
We're going to get them kicked out of the next Olympics.
Seriously.
Fucking OBJ-ing it over here, paying them off in the locker room.
Did you guys happen to see that wet biz when fucking obj after lsu won the title listen i did see that and i had something to say about that and it came out today that there's a warrant out for
him there's a warrant out for for and and and people like are you kidding me he hit a cop in
the ass he spanked a cop.
You can't do that to police officers, you idiot.
First of all, the cops were fools for being in there.
They were busting the kid's balls.
We just won the national title for smoking cigars.
Get out of here, dude.
Nobody's doing anything wrong.
What do you think?
People win national championships all the time.
You think this is a five-day-a-week thing?
No, this is once-in- a week thing those is once in a lifetime
having cigars but still even with the clown cops being like paul blart mall cop security taking it
so seriously you can be pissed off but you can't fucking spank a cop in the ass like what are you
doing odell you asshole and he was mocking him. He was mocking him too.
He was slapping him to try to get his attention.
But still, I would never put my hands on a cop. I'll tell you that right
now. That's just my opinion.
But it leads back to
Odell Beckham Jr. who is the
most like, oh my
God, he just needs
to be the center of attention.
The team wins the title. The best college football team of all time,
maybe with the coolest QB and coach tandem.
Everyone's into it.
And then all of a sudden, Odell Beckham's in the middle of interviews
handing out wads of hundreds to guys,
just getting himself to be the center of attention again.
And guys are like, well, guys are obviously fired up.
But you have to think, it's a college program.
Yeah, these dudes he's giving it to are all seniors and graduating.
But you can't think there isn't going to be some sort of investigation
into him handing out thousands of dollars to these guys
as they win on the field.
He wasn't even playing in the game.
Why was he in the middle of the field?
Yeah, he puts them in a bad position doing that.
Because if they turn him down, then it's like,
who knows how he'll react
to what people say, and by taking it, then you
open up a fucking can of worms.
He made some shitty judgment calls,
but going back to the women's game,
we might have to set an over-under on penalties
for that one. I'll have to keep my eyes open.
How the fuck did we get into the OBJ stuff?
Because we're talking about paying
off bets in the locker room.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He was paying off fucking whatever the hell he was doing.
We said we were going to circle back to the Department of Player Safety,
and we're going to do that.
Winnipeg's Matthew Perreault wasn't too happy with them.
Perreault had missed six games earlier in the season with a concussion,
actually less than a month ago,
and he took an elbow from Vancouver's Jake Vertan on Tuesday night,
and he was very pissed after the game.
There wasn't a call.
He said, it's stupid.
The fuck is wrong with him?
Like, what's wrong with him?
Why would you do that?
I didn't even have the puck.
Actually, I see him coming.
He puts his elbow top right in my chin.
Then when he found out there'd be no action from DOPS, this is a great quote,
player safety, my ass.
Now I got to take matters into my own hand the next time this happens,
and I got to swing my stick across his forehead,
and I shouldn't get suspended then.
Boys, you guys saw the replay.
Biz, let's go to you first.
What was your take on the hit and how this has played out?
I mean, Vertanen does play on the edge a little bit, right?
I can't give him as big benefit of the doubt as the kid from Sweden.
I just never really witnessed anything.
of the doubt is the kid from Sweden. I just never really witnessed anything.
Some people who watch him are going to have to tweet me
and say if there is a past of dirtiness.
I think it was one of those situations where he kind of saw him last second
and wasn't sure if Perot was going to, in fact, hit him.
Maybe he did know it was Perot and took advantage of the situation
and it was a little dirty.
I don't know.
But it was like they were kind of like at a dead stop
and his arm ended up going up and just kind of clipping him.
It wasn't like that vicious, was it, Whit?
Am I crazy?
No, I think that the collision part of it as they ran into each other
was just a total bad timing type thing.
It was like you just run into somebody on the ice.
I do think instead of kind of bumping into him,
he just threw his elbow up enough that it wasn't necessary, right?
Instead of protecting yourself with the elbow to the rib or to the chest area,
he kind of just threw it up to his face
in what looked like something that wasn't a necessity.
You know what I mean?
It almost like instead of bouncing off him,
it's like, oh, fuck you.
So I don't think it was like,
it doesn't look that bad to me.
I see it, I'm like, I don't know.
I understand why there's no suspension.
But is he hurt from it again?
Is that what Perot is saying?
I didn't say that he was concussed or not,
but he did just come back from one.
So he certainly said that.
He's more just disgusted with dealing with a hit like that
that he thinks is so  it just doesn't need to happen,
which I agree with.
But it just looked like they kind of ran into each other.
Can we just chalk this up to the fact that he got back from a concussion?
He's probably a little fed up and bad timing.
I'm not giving Vertanen the benefit of the doubt on the next one, though.
But, I mean, this one I guess we have to, right?
Yeah, well, we'll keep our eyes peeled, no doubt about it.
Switching gears a little, boys, you might have heard that
Bet MGM is spitting
chiclets home for sports betting this year.
The same guys that bring you the world's most spectacular casino resorts
and top-notch entertainment have a new sports betting app in New Jersey.
You can download the app, deposit, and check out lines from anywhere in the world,
but you do need to be in New Jersey to place all your bets.
Home of Tony Soprano, RIP.
This week, we got another offer for new customers on the BetMGM Sports app
when you use the bonus code CHICKLETS.
They're offering new users 100 in free bets when they make their first deposit
of 10 or more.
That means if you deposit 10, you'll have 110 to play with.
But you've got to make sure you sign up with the bonus code CHICKLETS
to take advantage of the offer and, again, be in New Jersey're introducing the chicklets bump promotion for all bet mgm users check out
the promotions page every friday and opt into the promotion and place a pre-game hockey bet of ten
dollars and you'll get it matched in another ten dollar free bet that you got to use live during
the game talk about a chick like bump meanwhile we're gonna swing it over to the gambling corner and
yuck yuck yuck what a brutal fucking week i started off with uh 0 for 6 in the first corner
uh i throw in the bruins late and i think what you're in the text thread that we have going with
merles i the main reason i bet the bro and so big was because tuka was in and they had a shit game
that the previous game blew a 5-2 lead, and I know Rask rebounds well.
Well, like we discussed earlier, he was out of the game fucking a minute and a half in,
and my bet went fucking up the wazoo.
So it's been tough sledding.
If you want to fade me, I don't take it personal.
I did have Vegas Thursday night to bail me out a little bit, but I only got one play
on this corner, and that's Saturday night in Montreal.
Saturday night, I'm sure it's the Hockey Night in Canada game.
Vegas is in Montreal, and if Marc-Andre Fleury starts for Vegas,
we're going to be on Vegas in Montreal.
We're going to go, let's say, call it a fucking dime on the puck line.
I'm sorry, a dime on the money line and a nickel on the puck line.
Again, Vegas Golden Knights, Saturday night in Montreal. Only if
Marc-Andre Fleury gets the start and nod.
Again, 1,000 money
line, 500 puck line. That's my
one and only pick for this particular
corner. It's been tough sledding lately, so
I don't want to fucking bury myself or get
anyone else buried. But again, remember
BetMGM is the home for chicklets
this season. If you're a new user,
sign up with the bonus code CHICKLETS
and you'll get 100 in free bets after making your first deposit.
Plus, make sure you opt into the Chicklets Bump promotion every Friday
to take advantage of our special offer.
Paid in free bets.
Must be 21 or older.
Must be in New Jersey to place bets.
Restrictions apply.
Visit BetMGM.com for the full list of terms and conditions.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
All right, boys.
Actually, I had another note here.
We want to send our best wishes out to Connor Kulig of North Quincy
here in Massachusetts.
He was hurt pretty bad after a clean check that left him with a broken
vertebrae in his neck, and he was nearly paralyzed.
Fortunately, he's moving his arms well well and he plans on walking again soon.
But the local hockey community has rallied around him and many teams in the
area are sporting stickers with his number 16 on their helmets.
And he was certainly in very good spirits on the news clip they showed.
I wasn't sure if it was online and the news stole it from there.
But either way, the kid was laughing and his spirits were up.
But I'm not sure if he's a listener, but we just want to let him know that
we're certainly pulling for him,
and we hope to see number 16 back out there soon.
And also, I'm sorry, what did you want to?
No, that's well said, all right.
I couldn't agree more with you.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Now, some more sad news.
A guy who I didn't know was Canadian until he passed away,
one of the great wrestlers from the old WWF era,
Rocky Johnson, who was probably more well-known with the young kids
as The Rock's father.
But Rocky Johnson passed away on Wednesday at 75 years old.
This guy was an absolute legend.
Him and his tag team partner, Tony Atlas,
they were the first black tag team champions in WWF history.
If you watch them wrestle, they were both jacked, athletic, awesome.
They were my favorite wrestlers, two of them, when I was a kid.
So I was bummed out to see he passed away.
And, again, I was surprised he was a Nova Scotia guy.
So condolences to the family, friends, and peers of Rocky Johnson, man,
a true legend in the WWF game.
What else you got going on with Orbeez?
Well, I got one thing about Stephen Johns.
Do you guys know who Stephen Johns is?
I don't know who that is.
Yeah, I know the name.
I'm not sure exactly who he plays for currently.
That makes perfect sense, you know,
because he's a guy that you might know his name
because he's played 150 NHL games.
He played at Notre Dame for four years.
He played, I think, three full years in the minors,
got a chance with the Dallas Stars,
and had a good little run with them in the NHL,
playing some big games,
and that's the only team he's ever played for in the NHL.
Well, the other night, he got a goal and three assists, four points.
And it wasn't for the Dallas Stars, but it was for the Texas Stars.
And he's coming back from a horrible
horrible concussion um two years he's been away from the game wow and and just about two years I
want to say it was full two years just about two years with post-concussion headaches um and to
come back and get a goal and three assists man. What a great feeling because you know his dreams to get back to the NHL,
but how do you even know where to start?
Two years is like fucking  it's like 10.
That's like 10 in real life, two years in hockey years.
So what a cool story for him to come back, have that type of game
that hopefully gets his confidence sky high
and gets him another chance in the NHL.
Wow, we'll be rooting for him, man.
Thank you for bringing that story to the podcast.
So I also have a story where I'd like to get your opinion on.
I guess it was kind of funny as I was driving away and like thinking what
just happened, but I don't know.
Maybe I'm in the wrong here.
So I go to this place, Lambert's marketplace.
It's unreal.
And George Lambert, the guy who owns the unreal. Oh, yeah. In Dorchester.
Yeah.
And George Lambert, the guy who owns the thing.
I played golf with him.
Great guy.
Actually, one of the first times I ever met this guy, Biz.
Ever met him.
We shook hands and we played golf and we're sitting around after.
And he's like, make sure you don't lose your money.
Be smart with your money.
I didn't even know him.
I was like, thanks, buddy.
I will be.
I appreciate that.
I think I am. So he's just a good guy. He opened these markets up where it's like, dude, you go
in the best salad bar in the world, the best deli subs. They got like 15 different options of soups.
It's also like a little supermarket. It is just a great place to go get lunch and basically anything
else you need for food at home. So I go there all the time for lunch, all the time.
Well, he's got one in Dorchester.
That's his number one spot.
That's the best one.
He's got one down the Cape Cod, and then he's got one in Westwood.
So the one in Westwood, the only issue I have there is the chicken's not the same.
It's a little drier at the Westwood one.
And the chicken, the other two are better.
But either way, it has nothing to do with the story.
I'm sorry.
I digress.
No, no, I like that.
I get into the salad line no. I liked it.
I get into the salad line and I get into the salad line.
There is a guy starting.
There is a woman.
There is then me.
And then there is a guy behind me.
I have a quick little glimpse down to the woman in front of me and what she's holding she has four like of the bottoms of
salads like i'm about like i'm gonna make four salads like whereas i have one of the things that
you end up covering she has four like i'm like is she gonna make four salads like this whole run
right here we get up there and yeah sure as shit i called it i saw it right away she started putting
four bowls down and she needed uh she, she had a list and she needed
to get different things and different veggies and different lettuce and different chickpeas and
different type of caught up tomato for each different salad. And I'm behind her and I'm like,
oh my God, I didn't say anything. I did not say a word in my head. I was just thinking like I would
do too. I would get myself and somebody else's salad. But in the end, whatever, this is kind of driving me crazy. Finally, dude,
it ends up turning out. I can't I can't wait. I can't get around her because she got the four
salads. Then when I go around her, she's then going to reach to her. I'm going around. She
needs that for the one of the four salads. And I was like, Miss, I'm sorry, but you can't do four
salads. She's like, what do you mean? She's so nice. I'm like, you of the four salads. And I was like, Smith, I'm sorry, but you can't do four salads.
She's like, what do you mean?
She was so nice.
I'm like, you're doing four salads.
Like, everyone else is waiting behind you trying to do one.
You're doing four.
What you should do is, I think, and this is very friendly.
She was smiling.
I was smiling.
We ended with a handshake.
She said, listen, I said, what you should do is you should make a salad,
and you should go to the back, and you should get to the back of the line,
and you should make another salad, and you should do that four back of the line and you should make another salad. You should do that four times because I know that sounds like a pain
in the ass, but it won't be holding people up the way you are right now. And she said, I think I
think that that you make a good point there. I'm not ready to say that I'm going to do that
necessarily. But if it is really busy, I see what you mean. Because I said, yeah, you were holding the line up.
So it ended off like very like civil, like the perfect,
like nowadays disagreement,
somewhat sort of like semi-serious argument you could ever have in public.
But driving away, I was like, am I a prick for saying something?
No, I don't think you are.
What I think maybe she doesn't realize is the fact that she's doing all these
different ones at once. Whereas whereas like it's probably a it's obviously a list that somebody gave her to
do all the salad so you're reading like there's four people there and they're just keeping the
line going fast she's like she's got to move all the trays over then pour all the fucking right
because you have to keep moving them down the line right well it's more about like it's just
everything's laid out in the perfect pattern that you give the lettuce and then the toppings and then the other topics
so it's like you can't really bypass somebody because then there's just somebody else there
if it is crowded right so yeah so she was yeah i mean it sucks that you some people need to be a
little bit more self-aware i would have been been like  I would have for sure known
if there's people behind me waiting, my anxiety goes through the fucking roof.
And if it's out of my control, I turn around like, hey, guys, I'm waiting too.
But that  yeah, I don't blame you there.
I don't think you're an asshole.
Some people will say, hey, be more patient,
but they also don't got a lot of shit going on in their life
where they're fucking able to wait around for an hour to wait for a fucking salad.
Yeah, I said laughing, like, you're making four.
Like, come on, are you four?
That was Larry David moment right there.
Well, maybe three, two.
I would do two.
I would make me and Bree's salad.
I would, and I would make people wait for two.
But four is get out of my face.
Yeah, that's a Larry David moment.
Whatever. I wrote that down a Larry David moment. Whatever.
I wrote that down on my phone because I just wanted to get your opinion,
but I think that means the show is over.
Yeah, just let people play through next time, lady.
It's still a golf fucking turn.
Yeah, there you go.
All right.
All right, guys.
Love you.
All right, guys.
Everyone, sorry about the delay.
Sometimes life gets in the way.
We're all very busy, and I know it does suck when you have a really important schedule and you have thursday mornings you know your thursday morning you get
chicklets i actually know what you're talking about i know when you really want something
that's not there you can get frustrated we never ever try to have these little mishaps on purpose
but we are very busy all of us and so it's going to happen occasionally and hopefully never again twice in one week.
But even though it's Friday, thank you for listening.
We love you so much, so, so much.
I have to correct something from last podcast.
San Jose does not have a first-round pick this year.
They're giving it up to Ottawa.
I fucked up on that one.
My apologies.
And a little fun fact to say goodbye to everyone.
Austin Matthews has 145 goals in his career that one my apologies and a little fun fact uh to say goodbye to everyone austin matthews um has
145 goals in his career by the time when we're recording this podcast um uh he's only had two
empty netters so there's a little fun fact for all you folk hey biz one more real quick and i don't
know i don't know if you saw this tweet uh but it says late on monday now it's thursday and i still
don't have it. Describe
spit and chiclets this week and also sounds
like something to form a kill with text
biz nasty.
Late on Monday, now it's Thursday
and I still don't have it.
Oh, God. Goodbye,
everyone. Love you
guys. Bye. As always, we want to send
a big thanks to our Dynamite sponsors.
For Duncan, you want to check out
their new go-to's. Everybody's grabbing them
and they're also going to be on location
at our Pond Hockey Tournament, so be sure to
check out Duncan and also the BetMGM
app. Want to check them out? You're just going to
be in New Jersey and use the bonus code
CHICKLITS for the free Doer offer.
Have a great weekend, everyone. Rise up this morning
Smile with the rising sun
Three little birds
Feet by my doorstep
Singing sweet songs
A melody pure and true
Singing Thank you. We'll be right back. Smile with the rising sun Three little birds
Pitch by my doorstep
Singing sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true
Singing
This is my message to you
Don't worry About a thing Thank you.
