Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. I believe in miracles
Where you from?
You said something
Said something, yeah
I believe in miracles
Since you came along
You said something
Hello, everybody. Since you came along, you said something.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 237 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
Well, us boys just got home.
We're packing our bags again, ready for the next trip off to St. Louis for the All-Star Game. We got some major interviews lined up. We'll tease them a little later, but first let's say hi to the boys.
Our producer, Mikey Grinelli. What's going on down in New York City, buddy?
What's going on, boys? I really only have one thing to say before we get started
and that's poor Quinn Hughes. I mean, he gets an interview, hockey night
in Canada, after hours, and then they put my mug next to
his and compare our faces and
say, we look alike. So I'm sorry, Quinn, that everyone says this and, uh, I'll, I'll try to be
less ugly for you. How much did you shit your pants though? When you seen your face in the
Canadian TV at late night? That's, that's the happiest I've been in a long time. Let me say
that. Oh, that's, I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing, but next up, let's say hi to the Whitthog, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, buddy?
Not much, Mikey.
Were you watching it live or did you just see a tweet right away?
No, I was in bed and I saw RA's text message and then I looked at my Twitter and I had like no less than 100 mentions of just people videoing it and pictures of it.
So it was pretty cool.
It wasn't the best picture of you.
I respect what you just said though,
because let me tell you something,
my whole life since college,
people have been calling me saying,
I look like Michael Rappaport,
that guy,
that loser,
Michael Rappaport.
Every time somebody said it,
I was like,
that's a fact that that's what I look like.
If so many people think it,
he's terrible looking.
So Quinn Hughes to see,
to hear that all the time and look at you and be like,
he's not good looking.
Like, this sucks.
So to get it after a game on Hawking and again after a big win,
that's disappointing.
But at least you respect that and are going to try to maybe up your looks
for him.
Yeah, maybe try to get a nice tan, start doing some skin stuff
under my eyes like Biz does.
That would suck i usually
get like bradley cooper uh where i get brad piss a pity to head
fuck you i used to get uh i used to when i had a little bit longer hair on top i used to get uh
is it burt or ernie the taller one hey burt burt's one. Yeah, I think I used to get him.
Bert and Ernie.
I get like 80-year-old Robert De Niro.
I think you should grow that
Jerry curl back that you had.
That afro.
Like his draft photo?
Was it coming back to America?
What was the one with Eddie Murphy?
Coming to America.
Coming to America with the glow.
The Jerry curl glow. Soul glow, yeah. America with the glow, the Jerry.
So glow. Yeah. So glow. Yeah. I got to do, start doing some ads for my,
if you guys, I had a picture in the Tribune,
which was my hometown paper one time.
And I just had the Jerry curls dripping after we won the eight under 18 and
Yaroslav Russia. I got to get that photo for you guys.
Did you gel your hair up before games?
I used to do this.
I used to comb it on the sides and go with the A.C. Slater,
but that was when it was wet.
When it got dry, it was
So you didn't put anything in it?
I would have to put the Dept 10 stronghold if I wanted to gel my hair
back in the day, but no.
A.C. Slater.
The LA Looks gel or whatever that one is?
Yeah, the shittiest one ever.
Those in every NHL locker room?
Yeah.
Coming to America. I'm pretty sure that was Cuba Gooden Jr.'s very first movie.
He didn't have any speaking parts.
He was actually sitting in the chair getting a haircut in the barbershop.
But obviously the last member of the crew, Paul Biznasty, Biz Sanette,
that looks like your homestead behind you, not a hotel room for a change.
Yeah, back from Vancouver, it was a great weekend.
The Vancouver Warriors won that lacrosse game.
I had 500 on the board.
Boys put USD in parentheses, so 650 Canadian.
Boys are fucking bending me over.
They actually presented me with a really nice painting.
There was like, I don't know, it was like seven of me on it,
and I thanked them for capturing every single one of my shifts while playing in the NHL
and putting it into a painting form.
So thank you to them for the gift, and it's been a great partnership
and just very entertaining games where I got to meet
some more Spit and Chicklets fans.
Wait, they gave you a painting with seven pictures of yourself
in the painting?
Yeah, like one of me on the bench, one of me at the middle of the bench,
one of me fighting. That's
going right above your bed.
Yeah. No, I have a shrine of myself.
I'll just add to it. I figured
it would have been like 1998
Hustler Magazine Beaver Hunt spread or something.
They gave you a painting.
The first ever issue of Fox
Magazine.
Alright,
boys, not a ton of news since we last met, but we do have a little bit of shit to get to.
Well, first off, we do have a double interview today.
We have poker playing legend Daniel Negreanu.
He's going to be joining us in a little bit.
And our old pal Scotty Upshaw is going to be joining us, too,
to tell us about his Spangler Cup championship.
We kind of revisited two things that have happened recently.
The coach firing with Daniel Negreanu, who was very vocal about it on twitter uh whit whit kind of chirped him last
episode playfully he fired back on twitter so we got him on uh tell some fun phil ivy stories as
well um and then with scotty upshaw we talked about the hit from cassian or that cassian took
from kachuk because once again uh as far as vocal people on Twitter go, Scotty Upshaw,
who really doesn't dive into the controversial stuff.
Him and T. Mussolini did, so we got one of them on,
and hopefully you guys enjoy those interviews.
Yeah, I feel like I could have talked to Daniel about gambling
for about three more hours, this fellow degenerate.
All right, let's jump into it.
Some tough news for a well-respected veteran
as the Bruins plays forward.
David Bacchus on waivers for the purpose
of sending him down to Providence.
The 35-year-old still has one year remaining
on the five-year 30 million deal he signed back in 2016.
You know, I know when he signed the deal,
a few eyebrows were raised about the term
because of his age.
And, you know, he started off,
he had 17 goals his first year,
but I think he's had a lot of bad luck with,
you know, he's had a couple of concussions, Whit. You know, he's had a couple concussions.
He suffered that nasty gash in his leg.
He just seemed like he could never really get in, like,
a real good rhythm here, and then he just got older in the meantime.
So what do you got on this one, Whit?
Well, I'm not going to say that his NHL career is over.
He could easily come back up.
He could play a role in the playoffs.
No one can really guess what the future holds, but for now, it's a tough time when you go through that moment. Not to say every team would think that,
but certainly the one that signed you and gave you a ton of money.
It's like reality sets in in pro sports.
As you get older and these things happen, it's hard mentally to deal with.
Now, I think he has had brutal luck.
And you talk about a guy who played so hard from the minute he turned pro
that when you talk about concussions and big hits,
and he's thrown many, he's gotten hit with many,
and he's dealt with a bunch of head injuries.
So no matter what, that's going to slow you down.
You know, you could sense when guys come back from second, third concussion,
things are just a little bit off.
A lot of times you can never really recover.
And along with getting older and losing a little bit of speed,
that's kind of what's happened to him.
But that doesn't take away anything from what he's done.
I want to say at least 13, 14 years that guy's been a pro, I'm guessing.
Maybe a little less.
But what a beast he was.
He was a moose out there.
He's the guy that's going to the net like grunting as he's trying to, like,
get by you to get a tip in. He'd fight. He was a captain. So he's the guy that's going to the net like he's like grunting as he's trying to like get by
you to get a tip in and he'd fight he was a captain um so he's he's deserving of all the
money he got but i would say when that contract was signed i think a lot of people said that this
kind of could be be what ended up happening and as of right now that's kind of what it looked like
looks like yeah moving away from the money, because I think when the contract was signed,
everybody was well aware that that was an overpayment based on term.
I think it's sad because you've got a guy here who's given so much to the game.
He was unbelievable in the community in St. Louis.
Him and his wife have rescued dogs.
They're very involved with that.
He loves dogs.
I think he rescued them from Russia.
Yeah, I believe he took one home as well, maybe even a few.
But, you know, and this is obviously a guy who still loves playing the game.
But with the way he played and how many concussions and injuries he sustained,
I just want this guy to go and enjoy the rest of his life
and ride off into the sunset.
Because every time you see him get hit now and you tell he goes black
and he gets up, it's like oh it's just
like you you you feel gutted for the guy but you you know you can't say you can't tell him what to
do and retire but uh there's a guy who hopefully he gets another uh one last kick at the can here
and and he rides off into the sunset and enjoys all that money he made in his career because he
fucking earned it um he took the dog home from Russia because the thing farts Russian gas.
Nobody knew that.
That's the key that really gave him that next contract.
I do remember one story about him that cracks me up is before the 2010 Olympics,
that season before the games, I think he fought Perry.
He fought Taves. It's driving fought Perry. He fought Taves.
Oh, it's driving me nuts.
He fought another guy.
He fought three blatant stars of what would be Canada's Olympic team
a couple months later in February.
So he set that rivalry going pretty early that year.
And, yeah, so we'll see how he does,
and maybe he gets back up and contributes in the playoffs.
But right now it is a tough time for any athlete when this goes on.
So congrats on what you have done if you're listening, and good luck.
Don't tell Stapleton.
He'll be doing fucking human centipede on that, dog.
Hey, Biz, when you were in the A,
did you ever play with a guy in a similar situation
who would get sent down maybe late in his career,
was making a shitload of dough?
Yeah. I mean, Sc scuds was one guy and at that point in time he he was deteriorating as well he just didn't have that i was talking to um to an assistant coach where i ran into the airport
at the airport today uh in the nhl and i just looked at him i said how fucking fast is it now
and he goes busy goes every year it seems to be jumping up another notch.
And guys who are getting a little bit older,
they're being left in the dust where the gradual advancement
and speed in the game just wasn't like it was back then.
Of course, when we came in with,
there was still a little bit of obstruction interference.
That ended up changing.
But just even the way the guys are training now.
So, yeah, it's hard. When guys are getting sent down to the american league it usually means oh
this guy's just probably getting a little bit too old but even at that level they can't keep
up because those kids are just as fast i remember going down to the hl thinking oh this will be
easy i was like this might be harder. I mean, everyone's running around.
These guys are flying.
Wade Redden, who I've said before,
is apparently just an unreal guy,
but I'm pretty sure he was putting on the board,
instead of we talk about putting money on the board for big games,
he was down in the minors in Hartford
on a huge deal with the Rangers.
He was putting up iPads for every guy on the team before games.
He was putting up ridiculous things.
I mean, you've got to remember, as Biz knows, there's no escrow,
and he's got so much money taking care of those guys.
I heard him.
He was a legend in doing that.
I've told the story before on this podcast when Wade Redden was down there
about the iPad thing.
Also, if anybody had hit him.
Oh, you told it.
All right.
Yeah, if anybody told it.
Well, I had him on one-on-one when I was in Kelowna.
And if anybody hit him,
there would be four guys around them on the ice
because everybody wanted the fucking iPad for the bus.
Also, Teddy Purcell got sent down at the end of his NHL career.
But his brain was so good that even though he didn't have that jump,
he just knew what bubbles to find,
and he knew the perfect amount of sauce to put on the puck
to land it in the area.
So watching Teddy Purcell at the AHL level was fun
because his brain was just on a different level,
and that's why he's working for Adam Oates now.
And, of course, Bacchus signed back on July 1, 2016,
and Dmitry Filipovich, who I think we reference this guy every week
because he gets some great tweets.
There was some contracts signed that day, man,
that a lot of GMs might have wanted to do over.
Taking a look, I mean, Luchich got seven years, 42 mil.
Kyle Oposo, seven years, 42 mil.
Andrew Ladd, seven years, 38 and a half mil.
Louie Erickson, six years, 36 mil.
Of course, we just mentioned back as
troy browell for you as 18 mil hey man we always say all the time free agency it's all about
fucking timing because those guys cashed in big time back in 2016 would you agree that was probably
the last wave of horrible contracts just because of the reason i mentioned as far as the speed
now it's such a quick turnover where that's why all these guys now are getting
paid so early on in their careers.
Like guys coming out of entry levels now, it's like, like, like we, we,
we've been getting a little bit of heat for, for,
I don't think we went at he sure.
We just don't think that he's,
he's played up to maybe what he got paid in the 7 million category.
But no, I'm going to just say a first overall pick.
But I know I'm getting people disagree with that.
We'll see.
We'll see the next couple years.
Sure, right.
And another guy who we're actually going to talk about later in the show,
who at the time, for what he'd proven,
I thought a little bit of an overpayment,
who's just popping off as William Nylander.
So maybe his year will be in the same boat
when that whole team starts getting a little bit better.
Yes, and Ari, of the names you mentioned there in that summer William Nylander. So maybe his year will be in the same boat when that whole team starts getting a little bit better.
Yes.
And Ari, of the names you mentioned there in that summer when a bunch of signings where teams are looking at it now like big mistakes,
every guy, Ocposo, Lucic, Backus, Louis Erickson,
I'm sorry, I'm forgetting the other one.
None of them are that fleet of foot.
You know, none of those guys are speed players.
And that's what Biz is saying, that I think that might've been the end where
you realize we can't give guys who can't move big deals because without the
ability to keep up with the game's fastest, it's so difficult to score.
And, and I think that's what, what is really,
is really impressive about the game now is the speed.
And we say it all the time,
but I didn't realize all those guys were the same summer.
Good for them.
But don't you think that free agents will still continue to get overpaid
or unrestricted just because, you know,
because you're a bit of a team?
Well, you know what?
Tavares isn't considered the fastest skater in the world,
but he does things just so great with his mind.
But, yeah, I mean, there'll always be overpayment,
but it'll just be more towards guys who can move.
Okay, fair enough.
Some other tough news.
Carolina defenseman Dougie Hamilton has been having an unreal year,
14 goals, 26 assists in 47 games.
He's going to be out indefinitely after breaking his fibula.
He got tangled up with Blue Jacket Kevin Stenland,
and they kind of battled for the puck.
He had one of those awkward, ugly landings where his foot gets caught underneath
them when you kind of turn away from him.
Just a tough turn of events for Dougie.
He just got elected to the All-Star game.
Among all defensemen, he ranks tied for second in goals, fourth in points,
tied for seventh in assists.
He's just been having an unreal year, and he's been replaced by teammate
Jacob Slavin.
You know what it's like to have a fucking foot injury.
How bad does this suck for Dougie?
Well, it's his leg, right?
It's his femur.
No, it's his fibula.
Oh, I thought it was his femur.
No, it's not his femur.
It's not the big one that is
really hard to come back from. I knew that.
I was good at operation, guys. I think
I know.
Yeah, it's fibula. Well, I thought that was but I didn't think it was his foot. I was good at operation, guys. I think I know. No, it's fibula.
That's your leg.
I thought that was your leg, not your foot.
Either way, lower body injury.
It's better off doing that than
spraining your ankle, though.
They always say a clean break. You know, you guys,
I think people out there have heard
doctors say a clean break heals
a lot better than a sprain.
A sprain nags at you. That's what I dealt with.
Oh, you think you're good?
Boom, you get a tweak.
Ah, you think you're out another week.
So I think with a break, he should be able to come back healthy.
Now, who knows when that'll be?
He had to get surgery, I believe, right after it.
But what a year he was having.
And we've kind of given him a little bit of grief before on this show
about maybe being a little awkward.
And, you know, you hear a couple of different locker room tales from teams he was on,
but his play can shut up all that because the way he's dominated this year,
and really since he got to Carolina,
he's a premier offensive defenseman that eats minutes.
And to have that guy go down, I mean, Jacob Slavin's a hell of a player,
but that one, two punch, it hurts a lot for that team.
And you do feel bad for a guy because it looked gross.
I saw it.
I watched the replay, and you almost want to turn away.
You're lucky it wasn't even worse.
Yeah, tough loss for them.
And, Dan, that's some major minutes that they've got to fill up
and hold there.
And I know that things have been  I think they've been 500
over the last little stretch here.
Things haven't been going as good as they were at the start of the season.
So tough times ahead for the Carolina Hurricanes.
No doubt about it.
Well, Biz, we got a diving fine in the NHL,
and I think we all know who didn't get it.
Jamie Ben.
Okay, there's a pussy.
Sorry, I feel like if we don't say that,
we leave the fucking squander opportunity.
Pete Blackburn was going at Jamie Benn with a gift the other day on Twitter.
Yeah, it was Nashville's Victor Arvidsson.
His money clip is two dimes lighter.
He got a warning for an incident back in December versus Pittsburgh,
and then he got whistled for diving versus the Bruins.
So 2,000, it goes to the Players Emergency Assistance Fund.
But do guys get chirped about this on the ice after,
or is it just like fucking no one really cares?
How's that get handled among players?
I remember maybe chirping a teammate for diving,
but all in all, I don't think anyone really cares that much.
You're costing yourself money, and you look like kind of a fool.
But I don't remember hearing much going on in terms of guys getting shirt for
getting a diving fine but guys who do embellish are always going to be getting like lit up by
the bench but more for just being rats and things like that not necessarily getting an
actual fine hey remember that one last year in playoffs was it bertuzzo who cross-checked was
it lindell oh that was incredible there was like two or three little cross-checked, was it Lindell? Oh, that was incredible.
There was like two or three little cross-checks that he got,
and the third one.
I think they were taking Ortuzo, Bobby, you know,
and then I think Lindell evened it out with the ridiculous flop.
And then they got away with one in overtime or later that game
where they scored the eventual game winner.
So, hey, Carmel will get you back if you're a diver out there, folks.
Yeah, he might be light by two dimes, but he can still snag some Dunkin' Go-To's
because with Dunkin' Go-To's, you can get a great deal on two of your favorites.
You want to check out, like, you know, two egg and cheese straps for 2,
two bagels with cream cheese spread for 4,
and two bacon, egg egg and cheese croissants
for five dollars in my opinion it's a pretty tough deal to beat but that's just my go-to
sense you can take it or leave it but you should probably take it duncan go-to's a great deal for
two four or five dollars everybody knows america runs on duncan participation may vary limited time
offer exclusions apply and we do like to note that
duncan is going to be hooking us up at the pond hockey tournaments at lake winnipeg sake and lake
muskoka a little uh later i think what toronto next month yeah toronto and new hampshire sometime
in february they're gonna have breakfast and donuts in the morning getting everybody fueled
up before the game so we're definitely looking forward to that um boys did you catch the little
gesture that west mccauley made i guess it was a gesture. I got a quick question
though. Are they going to be launching the trash
bucket sandwich at that event as well?
Dunkin' Donuts? I thought we were doing a
collaboration with them, Whit.
You guys
can bring that trash bucket
Sango anywhere you want.
I'm just not eating it. I don't care if it's in the
vicinity. I don't necessarily love looking
at it, but bring them around.
Just don't put one in my face.
I got to get R.A. to make me one, and I'll give it a score,
kind of like a pizza review.
What were you talking about right before that, R.A.?
Actually, I was going to say, if you do end up coming to Boston this season,
we'll have to go to the master himself.
We'll go right to my uncle's place and have him make it.
I'll go.
I can't cook for shit.
No, I'll go go i'll just bring
my own sandwich uh no i was talking about the the gesture i guess that uh referee west mccauley
made the other day when calgary was playing ottawa and uh i forget who was lined up for the open
face-off but he waved them both off um you know i think a different game he might have not a not
of kid but he waved off both guys and
he waved in basically the two Kachuk brothers so they can take the first face off against each
other I thought it was just a pretty cool gesture like something not every referee would do but
did you happen to get a peek at that he seems to always think of shit to do like this I don't know
if he's got like an assistant reminding him like hey this would be cool if you did this in this
moment but you know as far as personalities are concerned he's definitely the one official that that everyone
knows and he keeps making a name for himself by doing you know just little funny things like this
that'll go viral so kudos to him and i know kachuk enjoyed the moment because they had him on on
twitter laughing with uh with his wife and wouldn't you know if you go watch the replay of it matthew
kachuk who said it before, he can't help himself,
he cross-checked Brady.
He went to cross-check him right in the back after he snapped it back on him.
So still just giving it to his younger brother.
I love the move.
Hopefully there was a photographer at some point, got a good picture.
That would be a pretty cool picture to have hang up above your bed
like when Biz hangs up his paintings of himself in lacrosse gear.
In Beavon.
On that note, boys, I think we should send it over to Scotty Upshaw.
The up dog.
All right, the up dog.
Without further ado, here he is, Scotty Upshaw.
We got one of our favorite reoccurring guests.
He's a handsome fella.
He's a Canadian boy.
He just represented the God's Country in the spangler cup took home
the championship and that's pretty much the main reason we got him on but now he's been uh he's
been given his opinion online about some nasty hits in the battle of alberta welcome back to
the spit and chicklets podcast spangler cup champion scotty upshaw hey fellas thanks for
having me can you see me all right oh you look fabulous all right
you already started whacking off a little face time don't hurt anybody up dog congrats buddy
that was awesome man i i was i was excited to watch along on all the stories on instagram you
had going genuine just fired up group that's so happy i mean how cool was that and especially
since you knew some of the guys
even going in must have made it even more special yeah the Spengler I think the last time we spoke
to you guys uh I just left Dallas's training camp um fired out a tweet to the Dallas Stars at the
time and they were one in seven and at the time at the time was thinking I should uh try to get
myself a job because I got too much time on my hands tweeting and all that stuff.
So my job was to come over here, get in shape,
and play in the Spangler Cup, obviously represent my country.
And it ended up being one of the best hockey experiences I've had to date.
It was anytime you play for your country, as we all know,
it's a pretty special thing.
And this was absolutely fantastic. We had a great group and, you know, it's a pretty special thing. And this was absolutely fantastic.
We had a great group and, you know, taking home gold medals,
just what you're out there for.
Well, let's talk about some of the people involved.
Sean Burke was involved.
I saw Paul Coffey was there.
Was Paul Coffey an assistant coach?
Yeah, Coffey was our  he ran the D and the power play.
And this guy, I mean, for those of us who don't know
paul coffee on a personal level uh i had met him at a tragically hip concert the last concert they
ever played um and i got to smoke a cigar with him have a glass of whiskey before the show and
you know i was in awe obviously just being an edmonton oiler fan growing up so uh you know
having him as he came in he made some jokes he laughed the first time we were
all introducing ourselves and he uh i could see like something was troubling him and he stood up
in front of the group in the first meeting and was like all right there's there's three or four
people out there in the world who only have one name he's like there's elvis there's madonna
there's prince and then he's like and none of us in here, none of us are those guys.
So when you introduce yourself, I want you to throw your last name out there.
Cause I don't know who the fuck you are. So he's like, he's like, so, Hey,
Scotty, what's your last name? Scotty Upshaw. He's like,
that's how you fucking say it right there. So anyway, he, he,
he was great for a group broke the ice.
We had Craig McTavish as our head coach who was,
I think you just missed him in Edmonton having him as a coach.
But all the guys that
Guys love him.
Stoli, Loops, you know, they all love them.
And, you know, they were perfect for our group.
We had Misha Donskoy.
He's a coach out in Vegas.
He was our other assistant coach, really led the group,
had some structure to us.
And, you know, we went out and battled.
We had Don donor as our
assistant gm donor didn't want too much responsibility there but got the handsome
face and the hockey guy he is he loved every second but he had his whole family with him and
and sean burke just put together an incredible group of guys to go uh you know battle over
christmas you know enjoy yourselves i think he put together a group of guys he knew would have fun
and he would uh you know he knew this group would just he put together a group of guys he knew would have fun. And he would, you know,
he knew this group would just come together quick and go compete.
So I actually have no idea, like leading up to that tournament,
how many days in advance can guys leave their European clubs?
And how long of a camp did you guys have to at least get to know each other?
And I'm assuming that includes a couple of beers at night.
You got to get to know the boys some way.
Beers every night.
Beers every night. Beers every night.
But that's where you're there to work.
But, you know, like the World Championship too,
which I played in one.
I know you have too, Whit.
The first couple games, you're kind of, you know,
getting a feel for your teammates and, you know,
the families kind of aren't there yet.
So you really get to bond and, you know,
what's bonding over a couple Molson Canadians.
What's better than that?
Probably bonding over some pink whitneys but uh a little plug there for the fellows yeah yeah i appreciate that i didn't want to start giggling too loud i'm like it's a it's it's it's strictly
like a switzerland tournament um all the swiss teams take a christmas break for the spangler cup
because it's been around for for 90 years right so um all the Swiss teams, most of us were made up of Swiss players.
We had a couple of college kids.
One college kid, actually, Mitchell, who was insane.
He's a Chicago pick.
Second rounder, going to be a hell of a player.
He was one of our best D-men.
So shout out to that kid.
He's a stud.
He plays in colorado uh college but anyway he um
the group takes two weeks off and you kind of all come together you play hockey you play
three games and then you hit the quarterfinals or the semis and it's a week-long tournament that
you just uh you know you go out there you have a blast everyone's family's in town you're
celebrating christmas santa cla Claus comes for all the kids.
And Team Canada had 180 family members there.
So we had a huge group that took over two hotels.
We had our own chefs.
It was just an incredible experience.
Team Canada does things absolutely first class.
Let's talk about some of your teammates.
I saw you were with Winipedia, who Dan Winnick I played with.
Winipedia. We called him Winipedia. I will say, though, he's an intelligent guy. your teammates i saw you were with winipedia who uh dan winnick i played with in uh we call it
i will say though he's an intelligent guy he's very intelligent he'll make sure he lets you know
though oh yeah you will yeah how was he he was an incredible skater i'd imagine he's still
having a pretty good career overseas winnie over yeah it's tough because you kind of lose track of
guys like that so we had him him. We had Eric Fair.
These two guys both play in Geneva over here.
Geneva's in first or second place in our league.
Those two guys are  we got our asses kicked by them last weekend, actually.
But they control the game.
Two big bodies.
They both played together at the Spangler Cup for us,
two assistant captains, two great guys.
But they brought their NHL game over here to Switzerland,
and they can conquer.
They play their game, both good skaters, both good in front of the net,
both had great NHL careers, and they were great teammates for us.
And they were pretty good in the Spangler Cup?
They were unreal.
Yeah, Ferzi scored some big goals, played good PK minutes.
He and I actually played PK together.
There's a couple good Western leagu He and I actually played PK together.
It's just a couple of good Western leaguers out there just mixing it up.
But we had fun.
Our team was great.
We, you know, we had a good bunch of guys.
So we know it's chaotic during games there in the league portion.
Are they just as crazy, if not crazier, during the Spangler Cup?
Yeah. So this little town in Davos,
it's pretty much,
it's a week-long hockey festival, right?
So there's two games a day.
Everyone's outside drinking.
They have beer gardens.
They have outdoor rinks.
So it's a full family thing.
Kids come and skate.
They buy jerseys.
The really cool thing for me this year was having my ombre piota,
the team I play on,
which you guys might
see my instagrams and stuff i have the craziest fans ever we're a little town in ticino which is
the italian part of switzerland and uh incredibly old uh incredibly old team that's been around
since like the 30s their fan base reaches out all over switzerland and they're like an underdog team
not much money but their fans are passionate and they play Switzerland and they're like an underdog team not much money
but their fans are passionate and they play hard and they got to play in the Spangler Cup as well
so I went to Team Canada my team Ombry Piotta comes and plays our dressing rooms are side by
side the whole tournament so I'm like high-fiving them after wins they make it they make it to the
semifinals right and if they had to win they lost in overtime but if they had to win
team canada would have played my team ombry peel and the fans the fans were absolutely bonkers like
the uh my boy flowers always laughs at me because i always say pio the fans are the best like the
best fans in the world right he's an eagles fan so he thinks i'm like, fuck off. Anything Philadelphia, he's stroking
himself off.
These fans are awesome, and they really
had Davos Rock. It was an incredible time.
I think if they had to make it to the finals, the
country of Switzerland would have
been a pretty special thing.
Just all the fans tuning in for
that game, but we ended up beating a team from Czech Republic,
which was
awesome. We spanked them in the final. It was no big deal. I saw that Ufa game but we ended up beating the team from czech republic which was uh uh which was awesome we
spanked him in the final it was it was no big deal i saw that ufa uh came over from the khl
yeah they did did those guys must have been ripping it up to get to switzerland from russia
they're like yes well there's a thing here all these russian teams who come over they just come
over and throw an absolute bash.
They're in the bars.
A couple of years ago,
one of the hotels got just absolutely ruined.
It went full Rolling Stones on the hotel.
But they don't actually play most of their good players.
So they come over here strictly on vacation.
I think that's the thing from Russia.
They didn't win one game when they came here.
Ombry beat them early.
But they had a couple of guys I knew.
Burmese Joff, who I played with in Vancouver at a training camp,
was a very good player.
But, yeah, the Russians got spanked.
I'm not opposed to that.
Who cares?
They sent the ones over that weren't using steroids.
It's funny you said that.
It's a Swiss tourney.
But Canada, with that win, they actually hold the the record now it's 16 Spengler Cup wins it's more than any other team or country
pretty impressive for an overseas tourney
totally it's an invitation only tournament
I think Team Canada has been a big part of bringing
a lot of TV coverage and a lot of awareness to the tournament itself
so they're always welcome to have Canada over and the guys,
the Canadian imports who play for their respected Swiss teams compete in the
tournament. It's, it's an incredible experience, guys. The trophy was great.
We brought it out to the bar after just mixed it.
I actually jumped on a Zamboni for a while,
took it down the street with the cup wave of my Jersey around.
I was like, I saw the guy pull out of the back of the arena on a Zamboni.
He couldn't speak English, but I told him to get off,
let me take it for a spin, and he had no obligation, so it was great.
Hoppy, it looked like you were having more fun than anyone there,
and I would imagine that's because you know  and this is not an insult
the end's coming to  the end's near, right?
And you've got to absorb every bit of
fun you can have and every memory you can have playing hockey uh possible yeah this is this is
great me and steger we're up like three one at the end or at the end of second going into we're
in the finals and i gave my trainer my hat because obviously i want to like have a nice hat when i
win we win right i gave my hat my cell phone. I'm like, bring this bitch on the ice when we win.
You weren't worried about the karma of that?
No, we were going out to bust our balls.
We weren't losing that game.
By the way, Biz, I was just going to say,
do you think the karma is going to hit this guy?
Look at him right now.
He ends up coming back from a knee injury,
going over to Europe,
which he hoped to do.
Well, tried making the stars, but whatever.
Wants to make the Spangler Cup, gets in there, wins the gold medal.
Like, everything works out perfect for the up dog.
I'm very happy for you.
Well, wait.
We got to talk to you about your recruiting
and trying to get Jimmy Hayes on Team Canada.
You're not prefacing that story like that.
Okay, well, that's all up to you.
Well, let me just tell the
Steger part first. We're on the ice.
In between periods, I'm like,
Steger, my arm's
been just killing me. I twisted my wrist
up in the corner. He blocks a shot,
thinks he broke his foot. I actually think
he did break his foot in the final game.
We're just there going in the third.
We're like, let's just fucking win this because they're going to take us
old dogs out back up dog, and they're just going to fucking throw
a couple of bullets in us.
They're done with us.
So the whole time me and Steger were just like, fuck, boys, do it for us.
This is it.
Like, we're going out.
We're giving it all we got.
They're going to take us out back and throw a couple of bullets
in us afterwards.
Oh, no. So, no no so the jimmy hayes thing so i'm in ombre piota obviously the last couple
months before christmas and they need some players that's playing the spangler cup they get three
they're allowed to bring in three guys from anywhere because you could have came and played
i threw your name out there but they weren't sure you're backwards skating they weren't sure you
could really hack it they seen your uh fuck you
you're having to keep chirping my dating on my podcast i was an okay skater and i was better
i was faster backwards than forward so fuck you you keep bringing me on as a guest i get to throw
a few at you yeah so uh so i text jimmy because he's obviously he's been skating telling me he's
been skating with the college team there,
wants to still play.
And I catch him at Christmas, the Christmas weekend.
They're in New York.
I know they're all partying.
So I'm like, I should time this right so he's not like fully juiced.
He should probably have like a clear head to think about this opportunity.
But I said, hey, do you want to play in the Spangler Cup?
I got a job for you.
Ombry will put you, they'll put you starting right winger.
You'll play with
Brian Flynn, who's an incredible, used to play
in Montreal and Buffalo. He's from Boston.
Sick player. He's an unreal guy. I told him.
I'm like, Flynn. Great guy. And Dag is
Matt D'Agostini, two of my line mates.
Up, you know he's a stick too, Flynn.
Flynn's a stick too, yeah. We talk
about it. That's golf talk. He's golfed in Boston.
That's alright. We can throw a little
golf talk. Don't listen to me.
I told Hazy, I said, fucking get over here,
show what you got, and you might
be able to stick around for the rest of the year. If not,
you and the wife and the new baby get to come
and enjoy a nice Davos Christmas.
I'll be around. I'll be at the hotel
next door. We'll go have a few pints.
You can get your feet
wet over here in Switzerland. I thought it was a great opportunity. Then i hear loophole and o'brien are like can you believe this off
shawl calls jimmy hayes and asks if he wants to play on team canada so it all got twisted
yeah it all got twisted i'm like i know fucking jimmy's an american Just listen to him speak for fuck's sake. Hey, so you know that I had a split-second thought
that I was going to be a member of Ombri Piotta
before I went over to Sochi.
And I was like, oh, my God, I think this is going to be dumb.
But apparently they asked around, and I think somebody shit-talked me.
So that job went out the window.
But how has the hockey been?
Are you surprised by the speed, the skill,
and how have you felt knee-wise and all that?
Well, I'll tell you that the hardest thing about being on this ombree team
is walking around the dressing room with no clothes on.
Why, they all got huge ropes?
Hoses?
We play down here in the Swiss part of Switzerland,
and these guys are equipped.
Let me just tell you that.
I'm like, there's bats everywhere.
There are bats everywhere.
I was walking around the other day, and I just threw it out there.
I'm like, there's a lot of big fucking cocks on this team.
It's evident that this Italian blood is down here
in the southern part of Switzerland, I tell you.
So besides that and the language barrier,
I'm having an absolute blast. H great hockey's great my knee feels incredible um you
know my rehab that i did in california and the way i felt at training camp in dallas like it
couldn't be better i feel 100 and uh i got banged up a little bit uh about a month ago but i managed
to come back feel strong for the Spangler Cup.
And then I signed another month here in Ombra.
It came back to the boys.
I got a good group of guys, the coaching staff and the GM.
I have a great relationship with.
And the fans seem to love kind of what energy I get to bring to the rink.
So it's awesome.
But our rink is a legit outdoor rink.
Did I tell you that before?
I've seen the pictures of it.
It's on the side of a mountain.
It's built in 1937.
The wind comes in.
If it's snowing, it's like coming down from the ceiling.
It's actually a really cool experience.
I love it.
But it's packed.
It's packed.
6,000 people just rocking.
Any reason why you're going month to month on the contract?
Like what's that about?
It's kind of there to protect them.
We got import rule, obviously, for imports.
We have five right now, so we've been kind of rotating out.
It's just more or less there.
I told them I wanted an out clause in case things kind of opened up
somewhere else.
I love Ombri, but if there was an opportunity to go somewhere else for a better experience, we're one of the last place teams.
But we have an incredible group of guys.
We're battling for the last playoff spot.
But I think right now it's a mutual thing just to go month by month.
It's like a possible, like you could be a guy at the deadline, a team maybe up top wants to grab.
And you're like, why don't we keep this open?
By the way, I picture every guy that you're talking about
in the Swiss-Italian-looking men, like the dude in Wolf of Wall Street
who's crushing the crazy guy Brad's wife.
You know who I'm talking about, who they're swindling their money through
in a Swiss bank?
That's who you're playing with, a bunch of those man rockets.
Yeah, it's a good group of guys.
I actually love that part of it.
Like coming to the rink is hilarious.
I mean, they speak three or four different languages,
and it's a good cultural experience.
Upie, what North American league is the play most comparable to over there?
What North American guys play?
No, what league?
Like is it comparable to AHL? No, what league? Is it comparable to AHL?
No, it's not.
It's its own league in its entirety, boys.
It's very fast.
The big rink is, I think collectively,
everyone from the way you talk to the coaches and players,
I think eventually they want to get to a smaller rink
because the game's a little bit more exciting.
There's way more chances.
It seems faster.
There's absolutely no hitting out here.
It's like my first four or five games,
I started hitting everyone and I'm like,
by the end of it, my body, I'm like,
what am I doing?
No one else is hitting out here.
You want to play aggressive.
It's the only way I learned how to play.
But guys focus on scoring goals making plays controlling the puck
um you know if there's hits it's usually pretty clean it's not much there's not much dirty stuff
out here it's it's no fighting i mean if you can skate you can do you can play this game forever
over here yeah what time what town did you stay in over there i I'm living in Lugano. So I'm an hour north of Italy, about a half hour north of Como,
an hour drive to Milano, which is one hell of a city.
And I drive 50 minutes to practice and to our games every day.
We're just north.
So I'm in the little province of Ticino.
It's the Italian province in Switzerland.
It's a beautiful place.
I live right on the lake.
I'm in a hotel that's like a spa hotel.
It's beautiful.
A few guys on our team live around me, so it's great.
Papi, we've got to get your opinion on some NHL stuff now.
Are you able to keep up with it?
I know you chimed in on the Battle of Alberta, being an Alberta boy.
You had some opinions of your own on the Cassian-Kachuk situation.
Let's hear it.
Yeah, so, again, geez, when I start tweeting things,
things go viral a little bit.
Hey, but that's good, Uppy.
Well, totally.
So I had no  I came off the game.
We played this weekend.
We went up to Zurich, had a match.
We win a big game on Sunday.
We're driving back.
I'm looking forward to football.
I look on Twitter.
I see a couple videos, obviously, right?
So the first thing I see is Zach Kassian's getting disciplinary hearing for Monday.
So I'm like, oh, what happened?
So then I go in and I see the videos.
And I had no issue with anything.
And I just listened to you guys speak on your last podcast about it.
But I had no issue with anything if it was just left the way it was.
Because I think it was taken care of.
But when I see there's one disciplinary hearing for what happened
and not for what initiated it all, that was just when I'm like,
you know what, I need to voice my opinion on this because I think it's wrong.
And I can say that because I used to hit guys like that.
But it was dirty.
You knew that you were going to have to face some sort of discipline if you started hitting guys like
that let alone the toughest player on their team you call me armstrong he was killing people like
that same as you you were doing it well i mentioned it but did we play you were in pit when i uh when
you beat us in in philly in the conference finals and you guys went on and lost to Detroit.
That year, it was
game three. I even tried to put a video out
to explain it, but I hit stall behind the net.
I didn't clip them, but I
came down from my point and I went right through
them in the glass. That's just where you can catch
guys with absolutely
no hesitation. You know you're
going to catch them with their head down right there.
You're blatantly leaving your position to try to light someone up
yeah and that's you know what if you want to cause a little reaction in the in the match you're down
a goal you want to raise something like let's go that's a great time to do it but you just if you
do it back to back to the same guy you're obviously trying to you're hunting for him for one and you
got to know he's going to come after you so you're you're gonna you're hunting for him for one and you got to know he's going to
come after you so you're you're gonna you just got to be prepared to protect yourself and that was
that was the only thing is uh yes the refs let it go a little too long which i don't think any of us
really cared because as a player if you do that back-to-back time something's coming at you and i
just thought it settled itself on the on the ice and it will again next game i don't think things
are i don't think things are going to slow down between those two,
and that's great for the game.
I think it's great for the Battle of Alberta,
and I would have liked the league to just stay out of it entirely.
I didn't have an issue with both if that was the way things were handled.
And the fact that he wasn't protected on the first one,
which to me was a lot more vicious.
I felt he traveled farther, and there was a little bit of contact
off of the shoulder to the head. Whereas by second one he's like okay you're really not
protecting me that's when he fucking snapped and basically he'd try to give him the same
punishment that he just received twice in a row what's what's ironic in the whole thing is like
as you said up if the game ended and that was it, boom. There we go. That was an incident. All right. Okay.
Suspend one guy.
Just give Kachuk a game.
Yeah.
And then even it up a little.
Like in the end, it was a dirty hit.
The guy beat the bag out of him.
There you go.
So why end up changing like a guy loses one of those, you know,
a team loses one of those players as opposed to both teams losing a guy.
That's the issue.
And that's correct in you saying.
Just leave it the way it was.
And the people
I was going to say the one thing that melts my skull too, Uppie,
is the fact that could you imagine if Cassian had delivered
that exact same check to Monaghan on the first one?
Flames fans would be fucking sending anthrax to his house.
Yeah, no, I agree.
And if you look at the video the video the first one i saw
that i put out on twitter he just he sees him coming around the net and his first three strides
are like those first three strides when you're like you know when you're announcing the season
when you get that empty net breakaway you know the goalie's pulled and you're like you're the
tired guy staying out there so long and you're like you're the fastest player ever to skate that was the look like he was ready to kill him so you know those guys and they stay
out there all game when the when the goalies pulled and then that breakaway shot goes down
the ice and they're just the fastest player you ever seen that was that was the way to
chuck skated into that hit so i was like if anything it's a charge i'll be i think the
big story of the NHL this far,
and the coaches and the fired coaches and all this shit going on,
what do you make of all the stuff that's transpired over the last several weeks?
All right, to be completely honest, I haven't tuned into too much of it,
but I will touch on the Ray Shiro stuff because Ray Shiro drafted me in Nashville.
He was a mentor to a lot of our draft picks that we had, the Shea Webers,
the suitors, you know, Pekka Rene, Tutu, Hartnell,
like guys that are, I feel are genuine guys,
good quality human beings moving forward in their careers. And Ray,
Ray and, and David Poyle were, were big parts of that. So
a classy individual, shocking as, as big parts of that. So, um, a classy individual shocking as,
as you guys mentioned it on your last podcast. Um,
I know he's a guy that's going to be, uh, targeted to bring, uh,
to bring some championships into another organization. I wish him the best,
but I just wanted to touch on that. He was a great, uh,
great mentor as an assistant GM in Nashville when he, when, uh, when he,
when he had us at a younger age.
I was going to ask you a few things about loops and obes.
There's a few stories that I forgot to mention when we had them on.
I ended up sending you a text asking if you knew any of these stories.
I guess I'll start with when they were on the golf course,
and there was this old guy who I don't think he could hear very well.
He was off to the side of the green and he ended up chirping Obie.
So I'll let you take over from there.
Basically the way I heard it is,
is Obie was up to putt and loops was standing back with the older guy.
And he obviously didn't know how loud he was talking.
He was like, Jesus Christ.
Obie's put on quite a few pounds.
Literally an Obie's backswing of his butt.
Yeah, okay, okay.
So, yeah, it's our boy Kurt Olsen.
He's hilarious.
He's always in our money matches.
He's a beauty, great guy, but he can't hear a word of shit.
And so one of the matches, I think he had Obi as a partner, right?
And Obi just was having one of his days where he couldn't putt and obi usually can putt fucking lights out so he's always bang
on if he doesn't putt he has a bad day he loses money for his partnership goes sideways so so
holy's on the side of the green the one day and he's trying to whisper to someone like
this fucking o'brien he can't putt fuck he put on some weight hasn't he like he's just all over him
we say he's saying it like he's basically yelling it.
So Obi can hear everything this guy is saying.
Like a guy, if he had loud headphones on the plane trying to talk to his wife,
like you're going to scream way louder than you think you need to.
And you just hope he says something like that.
Fucking hilarious.
What was the other story about Larry David chirping you guys at Riviera?
So Loops, yeah, Loops and I went to drive up the 405 from newport one day we were going to play golf with stoli this was like five
maybe five or six years ago now it's kind of a while but um we should we're late we're fucking
caught in traffic and we're on our way up and i'm i hate being late and loops is like loops would
much rather be way late than way early for
something.
So he pushes the limit on a lot of things when it comes to showing up on
time. So we text Stoli Stoli, we're almost there.
And then we get caught in a little more traffic. So we're like, fuck,
just go. We'll meet you on the first tee, right. Or on the second tee.
And we're at Riviera and one of the nicest golf clubs in LA.
Classy as all can be.
First tee box is this incredible,
it's like a launch pad right next to the men's room.
So the caddies come out, pick us up in our golf cart.
We're 15 minutes late.
We come out, we're tying up our shoes and the caddy looks at us.
He's like, you want to hit one off the first tee?
Like meet your guys in the fairway?
We're like, sure.
So I'm getting the tees out of my bag.
Loops is trying to put his shoes on.
And Larry David, he like all of a sudden to the side of us, we hear this. shirt so i'm getting the tees out of my bag loops is trying to put his shoes on and larry david
he like all of a sudden the side of us we hear this hey we look at him we're like holy fuck it's
larry david he's like are you guys fucking are you guys for real you think you're gonna show up 20
minutes late and then fucking you know get in my way and fucking hit a golf ball right now and we're
like no no larry we'll just go meet the boys on the second p box we're fine he's like thoughts off we're like holy fuck just totally cut off there like in big time but to to
uh our benefit he came in after the round and we were having beers shooting the shit and he came
over and he laughed he's like you know i was just joking with you guys after right and then he's
like i'm larry and we're like hey larry big fans and he's and we told him we played hockey and he is a huge ranger fan so for
fucking 20 minutes he sat down we talked about rick nash we talked about how handsome hank was
and uh we just we shot the ship for a while but like an incredible guy and what was funny is he
literally looked like he was right out of this right out of a scene out of this out of a scene, out of a script. His shoelaces were undone.
He had a hilarious hat on.
His caddy was just laughing at us.
It was funny, man.
It was good stuff.
And the last one I had written down was Loops getting his car towed.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Well, there's a couple good Loops with this car one.
The first one is the body.
When he went and did the body, I don't know if he told you that guys this one but when he body issue for espn when he drove up
the 405 with all tan and they put makeup on him right so he does the body issue naked
and uh he gets back in his car and he gets he's almost out of gas so he pulls over in like the
hood of like compton to get gas. And he's in a robe,
buck naked with his robe.
He gets out the gas,
his car up.
People are looking at him like he's got a knife.
He's in his Aston Martin in the middle of the hood with a robe.
Like you couldn't make that shit up.
But I,
and then the other one,
him and O'Brien went to do an episode of Entourage with, you know,
cons, obviously cons invited him up to do a, to do an episode.
It was in Ronda Rousey fought turtle, like UFC style in the ring.
So this day turned into like a 10 hour day and everyone's like sweating and there's cut,
cut, cut.
And they're explaining that this thing just went on forever.
Well, people were just getting tired of everything.
Like, you know, a lot of of a lot of bad energy in the
in the room and then all of a sudden like they're like cut cut cut someone someone needs to move the
aston martin parked out front like they're gonna tow it and like beep beep beep so then the whole
production gets cut for loops to go out move his aston martin they showed up late so they pulled
it right in front of the door and then all a sudden, they cut production for like a half hour
while Luke says to go find a parking spot.
Luke said it was two firsts.
He said an extra ever-stopping production
and an extra driving an Aston Martin.
Yeah, as an extra driving an Aston Martin.
I want to go back to your Instagram feed for a second.
You've done a shitload of sightseeing, it looks like,
while you were over in Europe.
What's the best thing you stopped and saw while you were over there?
The best thing I stopped and saw?
Jeez.
When I first got here, I snuck into Paris and London,
went to a PSG game, like a soccer game over here.
I hadn't been to one in Paris.
Went out, took a couple guys on my. I hadn't been to one in Paris.
Went out, took a couple guys on my team there.
We went out.
Then I went to London, saw some friends there.
I guess the best thing here, man, the Davos trip was incredible.
I went skiing after.
I haven't skied since I was a kid.
Oh, I meant to ask you that.
How good is the skiing there?
The skiing was incredible. I had no idea, so I just jumped on the skis.
Had my girlfriend here.
We went up on the top of the mountain.
I was doing the Spangler Cup, which was great.
I was with the coffees.
We all just had a sip of whiskey up at one of the chalets
and just cruised down.
Beautiful day.
So not being able to do that my whole career,
it was nice to get out there and do
that i signed my contract in ombre the next morning so i wasn't breaking any rules and uh
you know i went to milan i went to lake como uh so far that's kind of been the extent of it i'd
like to say i've seen a lot but we still you still gotta be a hockey player when you're over here you
can't exactly just you know travel around all right One doesn't sit with Paul Coffey and have a whiskey
and not tell at least a few stories.
Is there anything funny that he told you that you'd be able to share
on behalf of him on this podcast?
I feel like the better the conversation,
the less you would be able to share.
Correct.
Yeah, it's true.
It's true.
less you'd be able to share correctly yeah it's true it's true i mean he just basically he he sets the mood like the right way i think every he's an ex-player that came in and like
nothing was nothing was serious with him but he got the best out of us because he became like
friends with us right away he sat down with every guy made like very personable conversations and
um you know as far as as far as him and i go we just laughed about the stuff that we enjoyed Every guy made very personable conversations.
As far as him and I go, we just laughed about the stuff that we enjoy.
He enjoys the finer things in life.
Living in Toronto, he loves going to New York.
Friends with Cindy Crawford and her husband.
He's just a good guy.
He told some Mario stories, but nothing that really stands out that I could share.
That's for sure. I think he's got a cottage in Muskoka right next to Cindy Crawford and her husband as well.
So that's probably how they became good friends.
Uppy, anything else NHL related that you want to talk about that you've been keeping up with?
No, just that the Blues are fucking kicking ass again, which is special to see.
You guys are going to be there next weekend.
Let me know if I need to make any reservations for you
at any of the restaurants.
You know the up dog can set you up
in any city in North America, though.
Any other calls we might need.
But yeah, no, guys,
life's been good over here playing hockey, man.
It's still fun.
I know you guys,
you told me on our last time we chatted
that you just play this game as long as you can.
It's been great.
I chat with my boys a lot of time on FaceTime, keeping track of my family and my nieces and all my boys back home.
But it's been a hell of an experience.
Probably a tour de force of the up dog roaming around when you get home.
I can't imagine the music festivals and the golf trips that you'll be heading on come like April or whenever the season ends over there.
It's, I think the guys are going to come over here.
A big group of friends for a year end ski trip somewhere, but that's,
that's the plan right now, guys. Just stay healthy, enjoy life.
And I keep listening to you boys back home.
I'm imagining when you're all said and done,
you're probably going to jump into the media world.
Cause you very comfortable on camera, handsome guy.'re probably going to jump into the media world because you're very comfortable on camera,
handsome guy. You're going to be like the next Patrick
Sharp. I wish.
Then he won't be able to come on.
That's a big role
to fill.
I don't know
about that corporate world yet. You've got
to take your time getting into that.
They can get you.
All right, Updog. Thank you so much
and seriously, congrats on that Spangler Cup.
What a way to kind of
go out on top. Appreciate
you coming on as always and we look
forward to the next time we chat.
Sounds good, boys. Thanks for having me.
Awesome. Hey, always a pleasure. You got to get back
down Lake Como when George Clooney's in town.
Get some residuals for fucking
Clooney.
Tell him that I'm coming for his tequila. Como and George Clooney's in town. Get some residuals for fucking Clooney's.
Tell him that I'm coming for his tequila.
You guys are
monopolizing the whole market.
I love it.
All right, buddy. Thanks for joining us.
See you, Upsaw. Good luck, buddy.
As always, a big
thanks to our buddy, Uppy, checking in
from Europe.
He's living life pretty good right now.
I saw some reviews from his Instagram, man.
I wouldn't mind switching places with him for a little bit.
No bad days for Scotty Upshaw.
Yeah, no doubt about it.
Well, since we last met, Alexander Ovechkin scored goals number 32, 33, and 34 in the season to get within two of league leader David Pasternak.
But the real news is that he passed number 10 Mario Lemieux
and tied Stevie Wyatt number nine with 692 tucks.
Next up is Mark Messi at number eight with 694 goals,
and then when he scores his 700th goal,
he'll be just the eighth player in NHL history to do so.
I know it seems like we talk about this a lot,
but we're going to because it's history. Every time he scores a goal, it seems like history to do so. I know it seems like we talk about this a lot, but we're going to because it's history.
Every time he scores a goal, it seems like history is getting made.
So, you know, of course we're going to talk about it, right, Whit?
Well, it's more the names.
It hit me watching the highlights of last night,
which is his second straight hat trick and the game before the first hat trick
he had two.
So that's eight in the last three.
And you're watching it and you mentioned we talk about it because it's history
and the names that now you're getting to
a point where every name he's nearing and tying and then passing are
complete legends in hockey and will forever be.
And so what I started thinking is, all right,
we're watching this guy and when I look at names like Mario Lemieux and
Yari Curry and all the names he's passed or he's coming to pass and you think of like, oh, I wish I got to watch that guy all the time.
I wish I got to see that guy in his prime.
And in 30 years, that's what people will be saying about Ovechkin,
and we've gotten to witness it.
And it hasn't just been soft scoring.
It hasn't just been getting lucky with a great one-timer.
He goes to hard areas.
He really scores every single way possible.
He got a breakaway from Backstrom, his first goal in Long Island the other night.
And what a comeback.
They outscored the Islanders 5-0 in the third period to win by two
and cover the puck line.
Thank you.
He scored on a breakaway.
Backstrom sent him in.
He had a sick snapshot.
The next one, he drove the net, and he got really lucky.
It went off an Islanders player.
But by driving the net, that's what he creates, luck and chances and goals.
And his last one was an empty netter, which may not sound great.
Go look at this empty netter.
He got the puck, and he absolutely dangled somebody at the red line.
I don't know who it was.
He fully broke the guy's ankles.
He fell back.
His ankle was facing the other way to get stretched off,
and then Ovi fired it into the empty net.
So it's been a joy to watch, and we'll continue to say it,
but it is history that we're getting to witness.
Well said, Whit.
I got nothing to say other than he's a freaking agent.
Oh, my phone was recording all that.
That was long.
That would have been the longest text of all time.
Look at that.
Your wife's like, I don't care.
If it takes me that long to read that,
that's how long people have to listen to me just speaking there?
What do you call that when you text
or when you talk into the phone and it goes to text?
Talk a text?
I don't know.
I press some button,
but I just think it's weird when my phone's off
with the black screen like this,
and then you say something,
and then the ad comes up on it.
That would cut half my workload
instead of having for me to type it out.
I got to start learning how to do that.
It's pretty good. They pick it up.
It's almost bang on.
Siri doesn't understand my accent
too good, so I don't even bother. Nope, he does.
That's us.
We should get you to have a Garmin
section where you hit the RA
giving you fucking directions
how to get places. That's like auto
road rage. If you want to get road rage, have RA's voice giving you directions.
I can't even do an RA impression.
Oh, shit.
At the end of the San Jose-Vancouver game on Saturday night,
it's safe to say we had a very frustrated Joe Thornton.
Thornton bundled Brandon Sutter with a clear interference,
and then he caught him with a left after. You know, boys, the Sharks
are now 11 points back of both third
place in the Pacific and the second wildcard
spot. You do feel the season
might be slipping away for this team
and I'm curious,
Biz, I'll ask you first. Do you think it might
get to a point with Joe where he just says,
fuck it, I want a final kick at the can and
opt to get traded? Because it's not like
he spent his entire 22-year career with the Sharks.
He did have eight years in Boston, so it's not like he'd be
a lifelong Shock anyways.
God, that's such a good question that I wasn't prepared for.
Hey, with that hit he threw on Sutter, maybe the Leafs can pick him up
for that sandpaper I was talking about.
Well, first I want to talk about the hit.
It was a little bit dirty.
I don't know what had happened earlier in the game for Joe to get that frustrated.
I mean, maybe he got a whack in the back of the knee
where he felt like he was disrespected.
But, yeah, it didn't look good.
I'd imagine that if anyone else other than him did that,
they may be facing supplementary discipline.
Am I saying that?
Supplementary. You got it, buddy. You nailed it nailed it christ it's like i've said it good before like sometimes i just can't get it out but anyway that's not an easy word yeah isn't all right
thank you with appreciate that um but yeah i could maybe see him going on a little run that'd be cool
to see him get a stanley cup because it ain't going to happen in San Jose this year.
Yeah.
It's not looking like it's going to.
And I heard you say,
no,
you don't think it's going to happen.
No,
I do not.
Just,
I'm pretty sure that the owner there said he has a contract as long as he wants one.
I know he has a beautiful house there.
I mean,
I'm,
I'm totally guessing for the guy,
but it seems like he's going to end his career as a shark.
Yeah. I'd like to see him fucking get a kick out of that.
That probably just got him traded.
Mark it down.
I don't know, dude.
I haven't exactly been on fire myself.
But Friday night, the London Knights retired Patrick Kane's number 88,
the ninth number retired by the team.
Kane played just one season for them, but man, what a season it was.
62 goals,
83 assists for 145
points in 58 games.
Comes out to exactly 2.5 points
per game. Needless to say,
that made him the CHL's top scorer
and the Rookie of the Year. Not to mention
his three cups, a Conn Smythe, a Hart, and a
Ted Lindsey. Did you guys
catch any of the ceremony with the big fucking
sombrero we had on?
They gave him another Escalade like when they brought him in the first time.
They presented it to him on ice.
Same year, same model.
Yeah.
You're going to stay with the richest billet family for the night,
and we're going to wire 100K to your account just for showing up.
No, but hey, congratulations to the guy.
Kidding.
Kidding.
No, I mean, fuck, for what he did for that organization.
He played with Gagne.
Oh, Sergei Kostitin.
Those three all had over 100 points.
I mean, if you do what he did in that one year,
it makes sense to retire the guy's jersey, especially with what he's gone on to do in the NHL.
But imagine watching him in junior.
It must have been so easy. And he comes in, he's a rookie, and lights it up, gets 62 goals,
and this is all in his draft year.
So just from the beginning, he's a prodigy.
It's the only way to put it.
First overall, that's all you got to say, Jesus.
And then he ends up living up to it and then more so.
Yeah, two and a half points a game, man. I don't care what level you're playing. That's pretty you got to say, Jesus. And then he ends up living up to it and then more so. Yeah, two and a half points a game, man.
I don't care what level you're playing.
That's pretty fucking impressive.
But his linemate, Dominic Kubelik, he's been lightening up as well for a rookie.
He looked like Wade Boggs with his goal the other night.
Did you see that?
It was basically a baseball swing.
Nice hand-eye.
He scored a nice little goal there.
He's got 20 goals, 11 assists in 47 games.
Do you remember Wade Boggs, Biz, the Red Sox third baseman?
I don't, but this kid's been putting up some highlight reel goals.
I think the one last night was a centering pass by Tabes,
but it was still in the air.
And this kid just took a swing at it, batted it clean out of the air
to the back of the net.
That was for his 20th.
And he's been doing a lot of damage as of
late so this kid you know it took him a little bit of time to get adjusted kind of like you said
like Ovechkin I think he's got nine or ten of them in the last few weeks so uh this kid's came out of
nowhere um you know nice nice little surprise for the Chicago Blackhawks as I know that the first
part of the year wasn't going very well and and all the focus is on all these bad contracts
that people want to keep talking about, but a little diamond in the rough
for them, and with him and Kirby Dock coming up,
hey, that might rejuvenate that organization.
Well, and you say he comes from nowhere.
I'll tell you where he comes from, and ironically enough,
our boy Upshaw is where he played last year.
So Ambry Piotr in the Swiss league, the kid spent two years there.
He was a late pick by the Kings six years ago, seven years ago.
And he ends up, he's a Czech kid. He goes over to Switzerland,
has two good seasons and well, really one really good year and gets signed.
You know, not many expectations, I think going to this year and to get 20 already
shows that I'm sure he can skate.
We heard about the speed in the Swiss League that Upi mentioned.
And, I mean, that goal was  that was the goal of the night.
Edzo said it on the broadcast, right?
That's the best goal in the NHL this evening.
And, I mean, that was a fast backhander Taves threw over.
It wasn't like it was, like, you know, dropping in his eyeline easy to hit.
I mean, that thing's coming with speed.
To get that much velocity on it was definitely one of the most impressive
goals I've seen this year.
And that's a huge guy for the Blackhawks, at least moving forward,
if they're going to try to get this thing rebuilt quickly.
You look at somebody who's not making a ton of money
and is in the beginning of their career, at least in the NHL,
and exactly how they formed the dynasty that they began with
was having a bunch of those guys.
So good for him.
So nine goals in the last seven games already.
Three two-goal games in that two-and-one against the Toronto Maple Leafs
the other night was when he had that spectacular goal
where it was his 20th of the year.
And even before that seven-game stretch,
he had three assists in the game before that.
So this guy is just starting to ramp it up.
No doubt.
Biz, I'm sorry, Whit, you remember Wade Boggs, right?
Oh, God, yeah.
Biz, this guy drank like 60 beers going on a flight from Boston to Seattle
with a stop in Milwaukee or something.
I have heard this guy's stories.
Yeah, apparently he was a degenerate.
Wouldn't he drink during the games in the dugout?
I don't know. Probably the guy crushed beers. Yeah, apparently he was a degenerate. Wouldn't he drink during the games in the dugout? I don't know.
Probably the guy crushed beers.
Yeah, he was a big Miller Lite guy,
but he was also known, Biz, for having a Goomar on the side.
Margot Adams, she actually ended up posing in Penthouse,
and what he used to do, he used to leave her tickets for the game,
and he would tell her to sit in the fucking game
and not have any underwear underneath her dress.
What the fuck?
I figured Biz would appreciate that little tidbit of info.
Yeah, the game's changed.
Yeah, just a wee bit.
Speaking of the Blackhawks, they are presently five points back of the second
wildcard spot, so they're not dead yet.
But what do you say, boys?
We send it over to our second interview with poker ace Daniel Negreanu.
Kid poker.
Kid poker.
Let's do it.
Off to him.
It's a great pleasure of mine to introduce our next guest.
He's won six bracelets in the World Series of Poker and made the final table 45 times.
He has two World Poker Tour titles.
He was named the World Series of Poker Player of the Year in 2004 in 2013,
making him the first and only player to win it twice.
He's accumulated over 42 million in prize money.
What?
And in 2014, he was inducted into the Poker Hall of Fame.
Welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Daniel Negreanu.
Well, thanks for having me on, boys.
I'm a big fan of the show.
Oh, absolutely.
Are you currently in vegas right now i'm on my couch in vegas with all the hockey games up watching a little chicago
winnipeg so uh yeah in my comfort zone here how many tvs you got going at once well we got i got
like a 88 inch screen with 240s on top so you can you know you watch the main one with sound and you
watch the other two to see what's going on and you can, you know, you watch the main one with sound and you watch the other two
to see what's going on
and you can flip around pretty easily.
Nice.
I imagine it looks a little bit
like Phil Kessel's movie room
and the house he sold.
Yeah, I have more than one seat.
I have more than one seat.
But Kessel's a good buddy of mine.
He's a good buddy of mine.
And he told me like,
there was never even a chair in there.
He never went in that room once.
The lady who was selling the house
thought it'd be a good idea
to put one in there,
which looks really weird and goofy. Yeah, that's a nice cover up for never went in that room once the lady who was selling the house thought it'd be a good idea to put one in there which looks really weird and goofy yeah that's a nice
cover-up for the spank bank room what's your what's your action on the games tonight
actually i took the night i bet him i've been betting like all the games all year on twitter
i use nhl hockey bets because i mean a lot of my followers are not into hockey but those that are
they go there i post a spreadsheet with all my picks up like 15 units this year.
But I took the night off.
I didn't see anything I liked tonight.
Hopefully, you've been fading RA recently.
Oh, God.
Yeah, we haven't been on the same wavelength.
I haven't been on a lot of totals, you know, through the Christmas break, before and after,
just betting over on pretty much everything.
And, you know, went on a, just betting over on pretty much everything.
Went on a nice tear, won like 28 units straight.
I was reading a couple different things about you, and I was interested to see that sports gambling was as early in your life as you started playing cards. You were young when you got into the action.
Who even taught you about gambling?
Who got you addicted?
Who do you have to blame for making you such a degenerate now?
Yeah, right?
No, I mean, it was pretty much on my own.
I was like 13, 14.
I was playing pool in the pool halls.
And of course, you know, in there you start playing for some money.
And then in Toronto, it was actually like a hotbed for gambling.
Gambling is just everywhere, all over the newspapers.
Just, you know, it was always in your face.
So then I started seeing like these parlay cards. i'm like why don't i do that so i'd start taking them to school offering
these guys 10 to 1 on 14 parlays in football they hardly ever won so i started a little uh mini
business when i was 15 and then from there you know i started to bet hockey myself and other
sports and got into the you know that sort of lifestyle and found poker actually after all that
you have the same approach
to to gambling and hockey as you do cards like you do you give yourself all the type of information
or is it more off the cuff no definitely information you know that's funny use the word
information because a lot of people who poo poo hot hockey analytics they're like oh i don't
believe in analytics it's like what you're saying is i don't believe in information it's just
information right it's all it is.
It's just extra information. You can interpret it however you want. Maybe it means nothing to you.
Maybe it does, but that's all it really is. So you have to use a combination of both.
But yeah, you mean these days, like all the books pretty much know, you know, who's overrated. Like
if you look at the Islanders lines all year, if you've been betting the Islanders every game,
you'd be killing it because the bookies don't believe in them whatsoever.
Neither do I, though. That's the problem.
Neither do I. Exactly.
What do you think is the
hottest sport to bet, Daniel, of the four majors?
The truth
is the only one I follow religiously is hockey.
A lot of people say
it is actually hockey because
there's so much more luck in hockey in a lot of people you know say it is actually hockey because hockey's like there's so much more luck in hockey in a lot of ways than uh other sports in terms of like an nba you know
like the better team's just going to win pretty much right and hockey on any given night any team
can beat another team so typically my strategy is to look for dogs that just have a chance right
you're looking for like a dollar 80 looking for plus 200 on a team that you think maybe he's going
to win the game 35 40 percent of the time in that neighborhood.
But a lot of people say hockey is the toughest.
I wouldn't know because I don't really bet anything else.
Well, I mean, we didn't even say it in the intro,
but hardcore Vegas Golden Knights fan.
Is that your first team or were you a Leafs fan growing up?
I grew up in Toronto, so of course I grew up with the Leafs.
I sort of got sick.
When they traded Tuka Rask for Andrew Raycroft way back when,
I was like, what are they doing?
I was so pissed off.
I sort of jumped ship for a while.
I like what they're doing now.
And then, of course, I moved to Vegas and have been here 20 years.
I helped Bill Foley and the team sell tickets and bring the Vegas Golden Knights here.
So I've been here since the beginning, rooting for this team.
And I go to all the games.
So they're my number one now, Toronto number two.
And I still root for Arizona a little bit because, you know, Kessel's there now and Talkit,
a couple of good guys. And cause Biz is the radio guy who can't talk half the time, but still,
I respect that. I respect your fandom for the Coyotes there.
Give me your reaction when you find out about the Gallant firing. I mean,
I knew right away you were fired up,
but how did you find out and what were your initial thoughts
right when you heard the news?
I thought it was a joke.
Like, I mean, it really did.
I think a lot of people did.
They're like, yeah, right, as if they'd do that.
Why would they take the guy who was a Jack Adams Trophy winner
who's scheduled to start to captain the, or to, you know,
to coach the All-Star game, you know, who's beloved by the players,
beloved by the community.
And then you're going to replace him with the guy that he hates.
And he had a beef with last year. So I thought it was a joke.
And then once I saw it, I thought this was like a major slap in the face
directly to go on, which I was, I was, my first thought is like,
they just do not give a shit about fan reaction. And listen,
I'll tell you what I've got to give this guy credit divorce.
Since he's been here, he's saying all the right things.
But he wasn't in that emotional game seven when you guys remember the penalty
and all that kind of stuff.
Like, the way he handled that, he handled it like a clown.
You know, talking about how his team wouldn't have given up four.
Like, you won.
You're going to rub salt in the wound?
Then talking about how, you know, Gallant is chirping at the players,
which was a bunch of bullshit.
And then just not acknowledging that it's a major, you know, since,
since he's come here, it's been, of course, like, okay,
that wasn't a major penalty, but I just didn't like the way he carried himself.
As I said, he, since he's been here, sure.
The thing is the way I look at it as a slap in the face is you got your guy
that everybody loves who helped this team come out of nowhere and exceed
expectation.
And you're going to replace him with the one guy he's ever said anything
negative about
as a coach. It's kind of like you make, you turn the lot into like a cuck where now he's got to
watch some other guy bang his girl right in front of him. Right. And he's got a spank and he's going
to have like a cage on his cock. So he can't like jerk it or nothing like that. And peel his eyes
open and make him watch now. Right. And be like, he watched this shit. I got a bigger dick. I'm
going to stick you harder. You know, like it's fucked up to do that to the guy.
It's just so fucked up.
So you do listen to the podcast.
Yeah, you are a sicko.
Yes, I knew that was kosher here.
I guess the poker guys are sickos.
Hey, here's my thing.
I remember specifically when he called out Gallant for chirping at players.
Logan Couture said the same thing.
I don't think that was made up.
Gallant said he was a clown for saying that to the media,
but he never said that he didn't say anything to the player.
There was two things.
Gallant, there's a video of it.
I posted it.
There were two specific incidents where this happened.
Once, he's yelling at the ref.
Logan Couture was right next to him.
He wasn't even talking to Logan Couture.
The second issue that came up was Evander Kane yelled,
Hey, coach, when are you going
to put reeves out there more than four minutes he says oh don't worry you know he'll get it 10
minutes as usual okay that's it right that's all that happened so then he went to the papers
you know galant called him a clown which you know it's just like it's so strange like do you really
think with this team all of a sudden now that the coaching increase maybe the board's a better coach
who knows maybe he's you know better at the X's and O's and stuff like that.
Is he so much better a coach that it was worth like treating the lot the way
that you did and sort of alienating a fan base right now,
that's going to love this team that was going to hate San Jose, hate the board,
all these kinds of things. When you got the Raiders coming,
you probably have the NBA coming. Like this was the first time.
I think the organization did something where the fans were like pissed off, like, you know, turned their
backs on him. And they knew it too, which is why they did it when he's on the road for a month.
Cause they know if they would have done this and there's a home game, there would have been
boo birds. And I would have brought out my red wings, Galant Jersey and wore that instead of
a Knights Jersey. Well, the way you put it, it does make it seem like, um, Kelly McCrimmon was
just not a fan of Galant. I mean, whether personally, uh, you put it it does make it seem like um kelly mccrimmon was just not a fan of galan i
mean whether personally uh you could argue it's not personal and it's just coaching wise but
the points you say how do you not take it personal when you when you do take the guy in that that you
hate but in the end i i don't think he cares at all about his former coach's feelings that's kind
of pro sports and i can see the the passion in the vegas golden knights fans
because all you guys are like that was our guy that that nothing it hasn't been that bad here
the run to the finals last year who knows if we don't get screwed in game seven this year's a
little inconsistent but they could still go on a run and it could have been with galant that's kind
of what you're saying well i'm only you know and you guys talked about the stats on the last show
in terms of like the where vegas ranks analytically but there's a couple things you missed flurry and jan and you
know in october was 920 save percentage november 917 since then you know he had his father passed
he was 846 right and he lost you know the last five in the last five starts he had a under 900
save percentage right well how did why did the board get fired not because he's a bad coach
because you know his goalie let him down there were other issues in terms of PDO and stuff
like that. So when McCrimmon comes out and says, you know, it was performance-based, we had a
feeling, that's just bullshit, right? Because if you look at performance, you look at the system
in place, the stuff the coach can control, which is the on-ice performance in those categories,
not shooting percentage, not goaltending. The team was performing very well.
And like I said, he was an all-star coach scheduled to be so, and only three points
out of first.
You can't say that it's performance-based.
The first time a guy loses four games in a row and you're like, nope, sorry, never
mind what you did to bring a bunch of misfits, the golden misfits, and bring them to the
finals in first year, make the playoffs next year, should have won that series, and then
you find shape this year.
It's just like, it doesn't sit right with the fans here but hey you got to move on and you know
listen i don't think deborah's a bad coach he might as i said be a better coach just the way
that it was handled just didn't feel right what do you think it would take in order to uh in order
to win him over or for him excuse me for him to win over the crowd and the fans well he's doing a
good job like so i've been watching his interviews crowd and the fans. Well, he's doing a good job.
So I've been watching his interviews.
He's trying to keep it light.
He's doing small insults on the bench.
He joked about how it's kind of like, you know,
meeting up with an ex-girlfriend when things didn't end well.
You know, so he seems to be doing a good job.
He's also, it's only been a couple games.
It's been two.
But he hasn't tinkered too much.
He's sort of let the boys play, like a couple key, you know,
tweaks where he's going to make, you know,
them play a little shorter shifts, two seconds here, two seconds there.
And I'm sure he'll implement whatever systems he wants to right now. But like easing in the fact that they're on the road for a month doesn't.
Well, the thing about I feel kind of bad for him is that anything less than a cup final and people are going to look back at this and, you know, think it's because of the coach or they're going to blame him.
Like this guy, the pressure on him right now, the pressure on this organization after season one,
they set the bar so unrealistically high after that year that it's,
you know, it's tough to match.
Whether Gallant's coaching on the board, I mean, you guys, you know,
you played hockey.
Like how big of a difference does it make if your coach is good or like
really good or very good?
Ultimately it comes down to the players stopping the pucks and putting the
pucks in the net.
Am I wrong?
No. Nope. Dan, I want to ask, every year the TV ratings come out. Now,
the first year, obviously, Vegas had a nice cup run. It was no surprise they were in the top 10.
But then last year, they weren't in the Stanley Cup final, and they were still one of the top 10 rated cities. Were you surprised how much Vegas took to hockey immediately?
You know, I really wasn't that surprised because
I've lived in Vegas 20 years and you know, it's a sports town because when March Madness happens,
where do people go? They come to Vegas. The Super Bowl happens where they go, they come to Vegas.
So we were starving for a team. And the fact that Vegas was going to be the first,
I felt like similar to San Jose before San Jose had a hockey team. They didn't have nothing.
That's, you know, San Jose is hockey town. I thought the same thing could happen here.
had a hockey team. They didn't have nothing. That's, you know, San Jose's hockey town. I thought the same thing could happen here. If we, you know, we got in ahead of NBA or the NFL,
if it was the third, you know, team in, I might've worried because it was, people didn't know much
about hockey, but really quickly, I think part of it was like the emotional connection to the team
with what happened when 58 people were shot in front of Mandalay Bay and the way that England
spoke on that first home game and the way that this, the ceremony
where each player came out with like a first responder, you know, a doctor or something like
that. And it really was like, and then they won, right. Which nobody expected them to win any games
that year. So like it really kind of became something that was bigger than just about
hockey, whether you're a hockey fan or not, this team just brought us together and gave us something
to cheer about. All right, let's go to poker.
That's obviously what you're known for.
How old were you when you started playing poker,
and what was the first game you learned poker with?
Five-card stud, seven-card draw.
I mean, five-card draw, seven-card stud.
Which game was it?
Well, I'll tell you what.
We started when I didn't know what I was doing.
We was playing pool, and then some guy said, let's play some poker.
We played follow the bitch.
Oh, yeah. We played all these stupid wild card games like all luck you know kings and little ones
727 uh fiery cross all these you know stupid poker games but and then i was like whatever i brought
six beers with me lost my 10 bucks and just like watched for a little while then it became a regular
thing and i started to notice like i thought this was a luck but how come the same same guys keep winning so then I was like intrigued by it because I've always been a
competitive guy and uh started to focus on what is it they're doing differently and then you know
after about a month or two I started winning myself well I remember what was that show you
were on was it poker after dark that's one of them yeah yeah so that and you seemed very chatty i remember watching that and
you you talk a lot like are you doing that hoping when people talk back you're gonna see something
you're gonna have some sort of tell that pops out or are you just kind of a talkative person
regardless of where you're at no i'm you know that's part of who i am but for sure like i get
you know information from that like when people get loose and they talk i start to get a little bit of a read based on their mannerisms, stuff like
that. I thought you were going to ask me about the other show I was on. I was on Millionaire
Matchmaker years ago, which was a lot of fun with Patty Stanger. I did that years ago. Oh,
that was a fun, fun experience. Were you the one getting matched? I was the millionaire. Yeah. And
I got matched with like some of the, you know, they don't match you. Like they say, they're going to match you. You know,
you give them what you want. And all of a sudden I got this one girl,
like she's like six, five Texas barbecue eating, you know,
I'm like a vegan, right? I'm like, what am I going to do with her?
I'd have to climb her. But luckily, luckily,
like they did end up giving me a, like a good one.
And I dated her for a few months. Um, she, the first,
you're not
supposed to hook up with them like that's the rule but i had to get on camera her saying like i give
daniel negrano permission to have him in my custody for the rest of the evening so everything
is going good i mean you know i'm with i'm like we're she's in her bikini we're in like bedroom
whatever i'm thinking i'm gonna get lucky we're making out and then she's like she literally just
fell asleep like mid makeout session so that didn't
happen that might have been a fake sleep if you were just like having a horrific performance
i was ready i was blue pilled up i was ready to go like i was 45 minutes i mean i knew exactly
what i was i was ready to because you gotta make a good impression a little blue yeah so i had a
little extra ready for her but uh you know it were and she ended first impression a little bloop yeah so i had a little extra ready
for her but uh you know it were and she ended up having a baby with the guy who plays for uh
what the hell he's played for she was running back for the chargers whatever like that
but uh it's cool chick it was a lot of fun anyway that's not what you asked about but
i figured it's the spitting chicklets so it's it's appropriate well i wanted to ask considering
all that money that's coming in it it's a fast-paced lifestyle,
who are some of the guys that are known as the wild men on tour
and maybe even some that keep it under wraps?
Well, I mean, the wildest of the wildest, for sure, is Phil Ivey.
I don't know if you know who that guy is,
but he's the one who went to Croxford Casino in London.
He beat him out of 11 million playing a game called Punta Banco.
Then he went to Borgata.
He won another 10 million over there.
But Borgata paid him 10 million
playing this game. It's like a Baccarat
kind of game. So Borgata
paid him the 10 million. Crockford wouldn't give him the
money. So he was doing a thing.
He had a lawsuit with both of them. He was doing
a thing called edge sorting. There's this
Asian woman that he was with who could tell
some of the cards had defects on them. So the way they're like, you know, if you don't see the back of a
playing card, if they have diamonds on them, if you have a really trained eye, you can see sort of
discrepancies on the back of the card. So he was like not cheating per se, but he was taking
advantage of the house. So he ended up losing both cases, which is kind of bullshit. So now
Borgata is trying to get you
know 10 million from him which i don't think they're ever going to get but uh yeah phil ivy
for sure is a guy who he had a scam well not even a scam he had a thing going where he would go in
one night he would go to like 30 different casinos across the country and in montreal and he would
play uh craps but he had this deal where they said,
listen, everything you lose up to 500,000, we'll give you 20 back. So they expected to fly him
into Tunica, Mississippi. He's going to come. They're going to get a couple million from him.
He'd fly into one place, bet his half million, right, or win it or lose it. And then he'd get
on a plane and go to another place and have the same deal. And they pay for his airfare and all
this kind of promotional money and chips like that. So in equity per night, he was making like a million
dollars a night just because of all these, you know, cause they, they expect, they give him this
big suite. They said, Oh my God, you know, we're going to get this, we're going to get this sucker
for millions. And he played the role too. Like he knew that crazier he acted, the more shit they
would give him. Like he, you know, so he's a black guy and he's like, you know, boy, you know,
so they'd have a black dealer come in and he'd freak out he's like what you think because i'm black i want a black
dealer and they're like whoa sorry sorry and they're like a woman would rock buying a red
dress he's like what did i tell you about women wearing red dresses that's unlucky for me so the
more crazy he acted like the more shit they gave him so he got away with that for like three months
and he's actually he's he's like you in terms of big action
on the golf course, right?
Oh, we've played, like
me and him, geez, we've played really, really high.
You know, we've played games where, like,
through nine, you know, you're talking
million-dollar swings.
You know, with groups of, like, five, six guys
all betting 50,000 or 100,000 a hole.
You know, back in the day.
Not as much anymore.
Is this, like, there's handicap involved?
All kinds of handicaps, like crazy.
Like, Doyle Brunson, who's 86 years old right now,
he was always a golf buster.
He came out there.
This was probably, like, 10 years ago.
He couldn't walk, really.
But they let him tee it up from everywhere because there's, like, he got to play from the ladies' tees, got to tee it up from the bunker.
So he could, like, take his driver out in the bunker and hit it up.
So he would just puddle it up 150, puddle it up 150, you know, chip, putt, par.
He was just like, you know, he crushed everybody with this spot.
But all the guys are sandbaggers.
Like, I mean, I can't tell you how many times in a row I played against a guy
who happened to have the best round of his life.
Okay?
Mike Sexton tells me he's a bogey golfer bogey golfer he birdies five six seven no problem
shoots a clean 75 says i tell you what that's the best round i ever had really interesting
because the guy yesterday played with said the same thing i hate sandbaggers too there uh so
basically it's a dick measuring contest like phil ivy who's gambling that much money is he smart
enough to have a nest egg where he's gambling that much money is he smart enough to
have a nest egg where he's never touching that or is it just fucking is it just he's just living
off the cuff he's a wild man you know it's always in play but you know he's just always willing to
gamble he's got no fear of anything he doesn't care whether he had 50 million 100 he'll put it
all on the table in one roll like he's of all the gamblers of our modern time, you know,
he's the one I'd say that has the most, like, crazy gamble to him by far.
Danny, when poker really blew up, I don't know, 15, 20 years ago,
thanks to TV and online poker, did it become fish in a barrel for you?
Like, all these people think they were so good.
Did you just rake it in during that time?
Oh, everybody did. We
called it the golden age, not only like, you know, live poker, but like gold, you know, online poker,
because, you know, there were kids who are like 1920 in college and they're putting 50 bucks in
and they're running into like a hundred thousand, 200,000 over like a period of time. It was like,
you know, actually someone's compared poker to sex and that everybody thinks they're really good at
it, but most people don't have a clue what they're doing.
And when it started to be on TV, you had all these people out of the woodworks going,
oh, yeah, I know how to play this.
So it really just flooded a whole bunch of money in the economy.
A lot of people got really fat off that.
It's gotten a lot tougher since then.
You know, we don't have as many, but it's still blowing up like in a lot of Asian countries.
There's a contingent there that's just new. So it's still a lot of in a lot of Asian countries. There's a contingent there that's just new.
So it's still a lot of profitable high-stakes poker.
But back in the gold rush days in 2004, 2005,
anybody with a clue was making a decent living.
Did it get annoying at all with so many rookies at every table
with their iPods and their Oakleys on acting like they're pros?
Not really.
I mean, I didn't give a shit.
I didn't give a shit. I didn't give a shit.
Like, I humored him, whatever.
You know, the bottom line is you want to play with guys.
Like, if you're the fifth best poker player in the world,
but you're playing with the other four every day, well, you're the sucker.
So bottom line is having guys that are new to the game and do whatever they do.
Who cares?
As long as they're losing, they're a good customer,
then, you know, you can put up with some weird behavior.
I'm wondering, what's the biggest cash game you've ever been to
in terms of how much, what's the most you've ever brought to a game?
What are the blinds for that game?
I mean, I remember playing 10-20 on the plane.
It's nothing compared to you guys bringing millions of dollars
to just a table and seeing what you can get away with by the end of the night.
Well, there's been huge games in Asia.
I never really go over there.
But the biggest game I played was 4,000, 8,000 limits.
And in a game like that, you know, you bring half a million, but that doesn't necessarily last very long.
Swings can be, you know, anywhere from, you know, one to one and a half million over like a 20 hour session. Like the most I ever lost in one sitting was 1.3 million, um, over like
literally 23 straight hours. But that's pretty common at those stakes nowadays. Like I said,
in a lot of the Asian, uh, you know, games they're playing 10 times that size. I mean,
you're talking about guys who could win like 20 million in a poker
game in one city. Daniel, if I lose 500 bucks, I feel sick to my stomach. What'd you feel like
walking away from that table? Uh, I slept like a baby. I swear to God, I don't know how that
happened, but like, I guess the day before I won 600,000. So it wasn't all as bad as it sounded
like, but, uh, you know, I mean, it's's just part of the deal i kind of loved it to be honest with you like when you when you play poker for
living and you ride the ups and downs you kind of like covet the pain just as much as you do the joy
you feel it almost feels a little good to like to take it real you know to to really get stuck and
you know have your nose against the grindstone it's kind of something fun about it i don't know
maybe that's a little bit of the degen that Witt was describing.
No, I have the same thing where just such a horrible beat is almost better
at times because you can talk about it and complain about it
for like a couple weeks.
It almost gives you more to think about every single day a bad beat.
But, I mean, sports betting is just, it's just the swings in, in, in all of it is it's just petrifying because
there's times you, you think I got a win, it's all set and boom, it's gone.
So I'm assuming no limit poker is the exact same way. I just,
I can't imagine getting into that game and not ever panicking and worrying
about ending up being at zero.
You know, you're absolutely right. And the comparison for both
is that there's luck involved, right?
Like you could have the right side of a hockey game.
It looks like you're going to win it.
And then all of a sudden,
some crazy shit happens and you lose it.
In poker, you get your money in with a pair of aces.
Some guy plays like, you know, a pair of nines
and then he catches a nine on you.
Like you can do all the right things and still lose,
which, you know, it requires kind of a resilience to be able to do this for a living because
you got to realize like, you know, it's, it's not like a paycheck every week.
You make the same amount of money, you're secure,
your bills are paid and stuff like that. When you gamble for a living,
you have to budget or you, I mean,
the smart ones have the budget for the times when, you know,
shit's going to turn ugly.
I was just going to ask you, who's your most hated hockey player?
Who do you hate the most? I'm going to go, I mean, I listen, whatever. I was just going to ask you, who's your most hated hockey player? Who do you hate the most?
I'm going to go, I mean, listen, whatever.
I just don't like that Tom Wilson goes after guys like Mark Jusso
who are 5'9 and shit like that.
Like, I have a lot more respect for a guy like Ryan Reeves
because as much as you want to, you know, talk about Reeves chirping,
he's not a cheap shot artist.
Like, you don't see him running at, like at Johnny Goudreau or stuff like that.
He takes care of business with the big boys.
So when you step at a guy like Mark Schill, that's cowardly.
Sometimes I just think he crosses the line.
I mean, he certainly pissed us off in the first year in the finals,
so I'd go with Tom Wilson.
Daniel, what's the biggest mistake you think that sports gamblers make?
Well, I mean, I think the biggest mistake sports gamblers make is, like,
not understanding that luck plays a really big role, especially hockey, right?
Because that's what I'm going to talk about mostly because I don't bet a lot
of the other ones.
And, you know, betting a favorite.
You're like, oh, look at this.
You know, Tampa's at home to Detroit.
They can't lose.
I'm like, sure they can.
You know what I mean? A hot goalie, weird bounces, Tampa's at home to Detroit. They can't lose. I'm like, sure they can. You know what I mean?
A hot goalie, weird balances.
Yeah, they're the favorite.
But I think people, especially gamblers, overvalue favorites
in spots that look like they're a cinch.
There's no such thing in hockey.
Like, all these teams are decent.
Everyone shits on the Pacific like they're the worst, you know, teams ever.
There's just four or five decent teams in there.
You know, they can beat any team on any given night.
The parity in hockey now is like, you know, nothing we've ever seen before.
Are you a big puck line player?
I play, you know, I don't usually, I usually take dogs. So the only time I lay the puck line
typically is if I really like a favorite by a lot, let's say Florida's at home to Detroit,
and I can lay a goal and a half and take back plus 150, I'd rather do that than lay like minus 240 on them winning the game outright.
I had one more question about the poker.
I know you're friends with Bastl, Nate,
and he was covering this guy recently who's been accused of cheating
or is highly suspected of cheating.
How common is cheating at the level that you play at?
Oh, no, this guy's 100 cheating.
There's no question about it.
He's fucking definitely cheating.
At my level, to be honest with you, the guys at my level at the high stakes are so sharp.
They've seen it all.
It's so tough to get one by them.
So cheating is really not a thing that you worry about.
The guy that you're talking about, Mike Postle, he's playing in a 1, 3 game,
right? And he's making like, you know, and it was all on camera, which is really stupid because,
you know, once you put all, put two and two together, it's pretty damn obvious the guy was cheating. And I think the only reason he got away with it for so long is because it was at the lower
stakes. And those people were not, you know, they didn't know what to look for. They didn't
understand, you know, what he was doing is not just out of the ordinary. It's impossible.
Whereas at the high stakes, I mean, just to get to the high stakes,
you've got to be super sharp.
And listen, when I play in games with Doyle Brunson or whoever like that,
I just assume it's safe because if it isn't, Doyle would know about it.
He's policing the game.
Now, quickly, to wrap up, what exactly was he doing to cheat?
So what he did, did this is clear so we play sometimes on tv where you've got to put your whole cards you know over this box and then there's a guy in the back room somewhere where he can see everyone's
cards right and then usually it's a delay like 30 minutes or an hour where everyone gets to see them
so what he was doing was this guy in the back room was relaying to a device that was in his lap like
his cell phone and in real time he was sending them the whole cards so you could see over and
over this guy all of a sudden he's in a big decision he kept looking at his crotch and we
like you know we're like what the fuck are you looking at right like you play poker you look at
the other people like what's so interesting about your crotch right now and he did it repeatedly
repeatedly over and over so the way that they worked it was he had a partner in the back who would send
him the whole cards and he would be able to see what everybody had,
which makes it pretty damn easy.
Actually, Dan, before we let you go, we'd be remiss if we didn't ask you,
who do you like in the Super Bowl,
assuming San Fran hangs on to the 17-0 lead?
I have no, like I said, man, I'm a hockey guy through and through.
Okay.
I was a Buffalo Bills fan fan growing up so past that yeah no i don't uh i don't uh i don't have a good opinion on football for sure
all right we're gonna wrap up uh one quick phil kessel story that uh sticks out to you
fulfill kessel so i mean the world series of Poker this summer. You know, I'm playing, and he somehow ends up at my table in a Potlum and Oma game.
And, you know, he plays his hand.
I won't give you the details because it'll bore you.
He plays his hand where I fold like a really strong hand because there's no way Phil's bluffing.
There's just no way.
And he turns over his hand.
He's got absolute dog shit.
And he's like, I just wanted to bluff you a hand.
I'm like, you're playing the World Series of series of poker and you're more concerned with like beating me
like don't you have big you know bigger fish to fry but he's there every year at the world series
of poker i fuck with him i do a vlog on youtube and he hates being you know you guys know like
he hates being in interviews on camera so i always bust out the camera and put him on there and make
him as uncomfortable as possible well we, thanks for coming on, Daniel.
And I hope you guys are able to make a little bit of a run,
but I think you guys are going to run into the Coyotes.
That's my prediction, and you guys are going to get thumped.
Well, hey, you know, it might be a good series.
That's for sure.
All right, buddy.
Thanks again.
Thanks, Daniel.
Thanks so much.
Appreciate it.
And we want to send a big thanks to Daniel Negreanu for joining us.
The guy knows fucking more about poker than anybody out there.
It was a joy to talk to him, man.
He's definitely one of the top probably three or four players in the world,
and he's also a fellow degenerate hockey gambler.
There's not too many of us out there, so I enjoyed talking with him.
But, boys, we got a little bit of trade talk.
It was actually last  I think it was last
Saturday's inside of trading with Bob McKenzie, P.L. LeBron, and Darren Draga, but nobody's gotten
traded since then. So it's still relevant. Penguins GM, Jim Rutherford, he's still looking
for help to replace Jake Gensel. And he said to prefer a quote unquote hockey deal over a rental.
Now the Penguins are looking for a trade partner as well for Alexander Galchenyuk.
He's a pending UFA, but they're having a hard time getting rid of him.
I guess talk about a guy whose stock has really dropped.
Hey, Biz, Galchenyuk?
Yeah, he was on the fourth line when the Pittsburgh Penguins visited
the Arizona Coyotes.
I think, actually, Grinelli, you picked him to have a pop-off season,
did you not, with going there?
And I was in agreement with you because he's going there.
I forgot that.
You've got Malkin there that might make him a little bit more comfortable
and help him fit in.
But, yeah, things haven't exactly worked out at all for him there.
I don't know who really is available that they could get with Gensel
out for the season.
And similar situation to Tarasenko going down where you,
but knowing he's going to be out for at least the full length of the regular
season,
they can go sign somebody with that cap space.
Correct.
Cause he's on long-term IR.
Yeah.
But he said also,
he's looking for a hockey deal.
So like,
he's not looking for a UFA.
And what about Jason Zucker?
I mean,
I know like Minnesota may not
want to deal
him. I think he has three years left.
I don't know. I think
Jake Ensel and then Jason Zucker
kind of reminds me. Maybe he doesn't
probably score as naturally, but he can skate
and he can still score at a pretty high level.
In
the thinking that many is
figuring out where they want to go,
I'm guessing he's not a guy they want to get rid of.
But when you're in a spot like they are,
I mean, they're seven points out of the playoffs.
It's been kind of a struggle.
You think that you're listening to any and all offers.
That's just the one guy who comes to mind.
Do you think they could potentially trade either Murray or Jari
to get what they want?
That would be ballsy.
Imagine he trades Murray and Jari steps in,
but he didn't trade Fleury until Murray won a cup or two, right?
So it would be pretty ballsy getting rid of him now.
Here's a hypothetical for you because other than that,
who do they have to move in order?
Do they have any elite prospects that they can use?
I don't know enough about their prospect pool.
Now, if you had to pick one right now, who would you deal, Jari or Murray?
I would probably keep Jari.
The way the league goes and how you need these young guys on cheap deals.
I don't know.
You're just kind of making up something they don't really have to deal with.
It's not like they have to trade one of them.
I think that there's no way they wouldn't want that two-man tandem team.
I know.
I was just trying to get a little rumor mill going.
Come on, man.
I don't know.
Murray's more of a proven commodity right now.
I mean, Jerry's been outstanding in this last little spell here.
But, you know, Murray, like we said, he's got the cup.
But it'll be interesting.
We'll certainly keep an eye on it.
The guys also said that Anaheim, they have money and cap space
to take on other teams' bad deals, like some of the ones I just mentioned
a few minutes ago.
But it's going to cost those teams looking to shed those bad deals.
And there was, well, rumor that the Bruins were trying to shot back us
to Anaheim.
But basically, what Anaheim was asking in return to take back us,
it's just like the Bruins weren't willing to do it because they're asking for prospects and picks.
And I don't know, teams are just not willing to do that.
Is that something you would do if you were a GM?
Like, how would you?
Well, Anaheim's saying, listen, we'll take that contract on.
We'll pay that money.
But we're not doing it just as a favor.
Give us something.
So you can't really  I find it hard to believe you're going to be willing
to get rid of draft picks and prospects just to get rid of a big contract it feels like especially
a team like boston i mean granted they need cap space i just unless it's a minor deal i mean if
you have to give up anything of a significance doesn't make sense to me i would i would say if
you're the bruins depending on how long you think your window is,
getting that money off the books
and considering you have Pasternak
on such a team-friendly deal,
really, I guess everyone,
because we talked about how they all buy in financially
when it takes to keeping those deals.
A guy they need to keep around
who they might not be able to afford to pay
is Torrey Crew, correct?
If they don't sign him,
I think they're so dumb.
I really do.
He is an automatic 50 points, it feels like.
I mean, it's not getting discussed as much as I thought it would be
in that people are like, oh, I don't know if they're going to resign him.
If they don't, I think that's a huge mistake.
What do you think he's looking at, eight and a half?
It depends. huge mistake what do you think he's looking at eight and a half it depends if he wants to be there that bad i don't necessarily think he'd ask for eight and a half okay definitely get that from
somebody the way he takes care of himself and the way he trains and how he's so mobile i mean i would
say that that him taking a team-friendly deal will just result in him getting eight years which you
guys i'm sure are fine with, correct?
Mm-hmm.
Because that's one guy that you probably don't have to worry
about deteriorating.
That has to come into factor now when giving up these massive deals
because how long has he played in the league?
He's coming off his  this will be his sixth or seventh year.
I think he signed in 2012.
So, hey, hopefully he gets paid out because he's a friend of the show
and he's had some great numbers the last few years.
No doubt about it.
And one other team that the guys talked about, the Rangers,
they currently have three goalies and they are listening to offers
on Alexander Georgiev.
Hank obviously isn't going anywhere.
And Igor Shostakhin, the fourth rounder, the guy that got in the fourth round,
he's next in line for the throne, so to speak.
So they are taking offers or listening to offers on Georgiev.
Sounds like he's going to be going somewhere.
And Elias Anderson, he requested a trade from the Rangers as well,
but they don't want to just make a deal just for the sake of making it.
They don't want to get the reputation of a team who basically is getting
bitched around by players who want to get traded.
They're not in any real hurry to do that.
What do you think about the goalie
situation? You got any speculation
where Georgiev might end up?
I have actually
no idea team-wise. It's
so tough to guess for me
goaltending-wise. I'm not
dialed in as I wish I was.
That's why I'm curious
to find out what,
what makes it so obvious that the other guy is going to be the next in line.
I mean, I've seen that Georgie, I've played some pretty special games and,
um, now granted if, if, is it just Torkin, sorry.
Just Eric and yeah, just Torkin, excuse me.
So they, they might know and think this is a no brainer,
but when you're looking at actual goaltending talent,
that's proven they can win and succeed at the NHL,
the way you have has in a short amount of time, granted,
you got to hop on that if you're a team with serious goaltending questions.
And, and so you think that the Rangers would be able to get a lot from a team
and that's just a position of strength.
That's why if you can get depth goaltending,
all of a sudden when you figure out who you really want,
you go out and fill in all the holes that you need to fill in
because you're lucky enough to have a guy that you think is the true future number one.
So I don't know where he'll land, but I'm guessing they're going to want a lot in return.
Such a difficult position for a general manager to be in.
It's very similar to the Tom Brady-Garoppolo situation where you have a guy who you know is going to be in it's it's very similar to the tom brady garoppolo situation
where you have a guy who you know is going to be competent for the next i would say two maybe three
years and henrik lundqvist um but you don't want to give up on who could be the potential next
young stud so you got to guess right and if you don't and he goes on to have you know a 12 to 15 year career as a great nhl starter you're looking
at like fuck man i got i i get i left i gave that up for a guy who's done a ton for the organization
and i kind of had my hands tied behind my back but it's a business also right so we'll see what
should be interesting to see this goalie situation how it plays out and if any of these guys do have
to get moving biz they'll want to make sure that they're sporting Thursday boots. Thursday boots is the
highest quality, honest prices because they use some of the best materials like full grain leather,
supple glove leather lining, and gold standard Goodyear welt construction. Just like the legacy
brands that charge 400 plus for similar styles, thursday boot company sells their boots at prices starting at just 149 with free shipping and returns because of all the great designs
quality and great value thursday boot company has been featured in all the best fashion press
from esquire and gq to cosmo and vogue more importantly they've gotten over 20 000 five
style reviews from real customers handcrafted with the highest quality materials to be comfortable, versatile, and durable,
Thursday boots are perfect for people who understand quality and don't want to pay a
high retail mock-up for a great-looking pair of boots that are built to last.
With prices starting at 149 in free shipping and returns, Thursday boots are the best buy
this season.
And with their clean, timeless design and durability,
Thursday Boots will keep you standing confident for years to come.
So head on over to ThursdayBoots.com and try a pair today
with free shipping and free returns.
If for any reason you don't love your size or fit,
Thursday Boots has you covered.
Go to ThursdayBoots.com, that's T-H-U-R-S-D-A-Y-B-O-O-T-S.com
and get a pair of high-quality boots you'll be wearing for years.
And I will say, Biz, you definitely need a pair of boots in Canada right now
because it's been snowing like an MF up there, huh?
Terry Ryan snowed in, folks.
He's been documenting the entire thing uh it is it is crazy
how much snow they got it is imagine being snowed in with senior i i would love that yeah i would
just get blackout with them blackout put in the vhs tapes of all the old music videos but uh
yeah stay warm up there folks i'd imagine you guys won't be working for the next couple days. Cars are buried.
People are just trying to get their way around.
R.A., have you  actually, you know what?
Remember the winter in Boston when I was playing with the Manchester Monarchs?
How bad that winter was?
Same thing in Boston.
People had their cars parked on the side of the road for a month.
That was when I was in Russia.
I got home, and I think there was three feet of snow on the ground they got a foot every week that year all right i remember you were just shoveling
miserable non-stop and um in newfoundland man i mean some of those drifts they're fucking 20 feet
high like there was one whole street the dude was standing in the middle of the street he had to be
20 feet off the ground and i know hash the hashtag snowmageddon was trending biz, but what was funny, I thought,
I thought it was a nice little ripple effect was that all the Twitter beefs
that would happen amongst the normally polite Canadians.
And it felt like the rest of Canada was laughing at Vancouver because
Vancouver, I guess, you know,
they don't get much snow and they were like, Ooh, snowmageddon.
And we're getting, we're, we're, we're, everything's locked up here.
And the rest of Canada was like, shut the fuck up.
You guys get fucking two inches a year. They were getting dummied and the rest of Canada was like shut the fuck up you guys get fucking two inches a year they were getting dummied by the rest of Canada you know I guess
yeah we have enough Canadian listeners uh we should talk about that so I was delayed that's
why the podcast got bumped back was because of that travel day and what people were calling the
worst snow day that Vancouver had had in a decade now they just don't have the resources there in
order to get rid of it it's not worth
them to to have all this machinery because they it barely ever snows there they might get a few
in a whole winter nothing like they received last week so uh compared to what if it would have been
like what newfoundland got it would have been fucking the whole unit they i don't even know
what the fuck i'm saying. The city would shut down.
Teddy Purcell sent me some pictures.
It's incredible. One guy,
there's this much of an opening,
barely two inches from
the snow to the top of his front door
and he's sticking out a sign that
said, need more beer, have
ran out or something like that.
People probably aren't going anywhere.
Help, I'm out of beer. That's what it says. Good call,
Whit. Need more beer, I'm out. What the fuck?
But I can't
believe that. I still say
though, Vancouver, I mean, all it does is rain
all winter. Give me snow over rain
any day.
I like the clip of the one woman
biz. She opened her front door and
the snow is literally three quarters up
the way and she just took her kid and fucking threw him out into the snow he didn't even sink he just like
landed in the snow and then she threw the fucking shovel out to him afterwards well everybody's in
a good mood because they know they're not going to work or school so everyone's having a blast over
there absolutely uh we did mention that we got the all-star game coming up and we're going to
be heading to st louis but what do you think the odds are of one of the coaches at the NHL All-Star game
eating his whiteboard?
What is happening in the KHL?
In case you didn't see the clip, excuse me,
with KHL coach Dimitri Kovac, one-time Boston Bruin,
he was seen on the bench basically chewing on and eating his whiteboard
at the KHL All-Star
game. I don't know what the hell went on
here, but we'll have to find out
what the deal was. It had to be made of chocolate, and it was
a joke and all set up. Please tell me
it wasn't one of those like plexiglass
slash cardboard
with the
marker. What were those markers?
You ever put the one on that wouldn't erase
because you ruined a whiteboard? Sharpies.ies yeah the brain's not clicking this late in the episode right now i'm kind of
losing it that's right no we just off my that's right just a couple more notes we wanted to get
to i know you guys wanted to mention uh carolina linebacker uh luke keekley retired at the ripe
old age of 28 um i don't know is Is this going to become a trend, guys?
We've seen Andrew Luck.
We've seen Gronk and now Luke Geekly all retiring relatively young.
I wonder if we're going to start seeing this more and more at the NFL
because these guys, they realize how much they put their body through.
All those guys made a shitload of money too, so it's kind of like,
hey, get the bag, fucking get a few years in and get out.
So I don't know about this guy much but
every time he would pop up on television the way that the commentators talked about him you're like
this guy must be like the best guy ever then after he ended up retiring early all these stories are
coming up uh coming out about him apparently for his first first four years in the nfl he didn't
have cable television and all he would do is he would sit at home and watch game tape.
It's like he knew players that he played against were like he knew
what play was coming 80 of the time,
and his brain was just as good as he was physically.
So that's why he was an eight-time All-Pro bowler,
and people are saying he'll be in the Hall of Fame, no questions asked.
I love how you combined pro bowler and something else there.
Yeah.
My brain is literally shutting off.
The video, though, I felt so sad for him when he said how much he loves the game
and wishes he still could play.
That was a very emotional way for him to go out.
There was also the other guy on the Hernandez documentary
who quit after one year.
I don't remember his name, a guy on the 49ers.
So some people realize that there are probably some serious risks to the game,
but this sport will never suffer because there's so many people
that come from nothing, right?
I mean, you're,
you're doing whatever you can to make as much money as you can.
And that's playing football for a lot of people. And that's just,
that's kind of how it is.
So I think you'll see some guys getting out when maybe they've made a lot of
money or dealt with some serious injuries, but in the end,
there's enough athletes out there that'll be willing to pretty much risk it all
to be playing in the NFL.
Yeah. I mean, you guys put yourself through yourselves through a lot playing in the NHL,
but I don't think there's a sport quite like the NFL as far as just fucking savaging your body.
They're certifiable.
To play in the NFL, you have to be a nutcase.
Absolutely.
Hopefully he gets a job in commentating
because if he's one of those guys where he's watched so much film
and he knows, listen,
some people have an opinion about Tony Romo and how he does.
I love listening to him because I don't know anything about football.
So it's nice to hear him constantly telling me what the fuck is going on.
Yeah, he's getting recruited by, I think, ESPN for Monday Night Football.
He's 10 million a year or something.
They'll be willing to pay him.
I didn't like him at the beginning. Now I do think Romo's good. in football. He's 10 million a year or something. They'll be willing to pay him.
I didn't like him at the beginning. Now I do think Romo
is good. Yeah, he sounds like he's
having fun in there. And he's pretty
informative as well. Yep,
no doubt about that. Booger can't
tell you what's going on.
Booger, it doesn't even sound like he's
announcing football games sometime. Booger
McFarland. Talking about
teams that they should down it on fourth down.
Yeah, he's not ideal right now in that position.
And I got one other note before we get over to the gambling corner.
I blogged this the other day that Hank Azaria will no longer voice Apu
on The Simpsons.
Basically, my reaction was kind of like a shoulder shrug.
I'm not sure if you're familiar, but there was a documentary a couple of years ago.
It was titled The Problem with Apu.
And it was created by a comedian, Harry Kondabalu.
And basically, you know, he went over the whole history of Apu and why it sucked for him because he got picked on as a kid.
And he interviewed some of his peers.
But, you know know there was no like
movement to get rid of Apu that wasn't like an online thing it was basically this guy doesn't
like Apu because he got picked on as a kid he made the documentary and no one at Fox or the
Simpsons like was like willing to they weren't like oh okay let's change it even Hank Azaria
didn't say anything at first but eventually he sat down I guess basically Azaria listened to
people from South Asia and India and you know people told him they've gotten bullied and he said he really didn't want to be potty to
something that if people are actually getting bullied out of it so they didn't say if the
character's coming back or not uh i don't like i said i don't even really give a shit at this point
it's just you know we talk about the simpsons all the time i feel we'd be remiss if we didn't
mention it he may or may not be back the itself, but it's just kind of fucking stupid
because this is a show that's based on stereotypes.
That's been the whole joke of the Simpsons.
They take stereotypes and make fun of them.
And honestly, of all the characters in the show,
Apu was probably one of the more decent characters.
The guy busted his balls.
He loved his family.
He was married to his job.
And I don't know.
I watched the documentary.
I went in with an open mind willing to change my mind.
Frankly, I thought
it was just the guy kind of complaining
a bit too much about, yeah, you got picked
on in school, but it's like, buddy, you got compared to a
cartoon character. Kids get fucking tortured
over being fat, ugly. I used to get called
Polly Pocket.
Polly Pocket? Why is that?
You didn't pay for anything? I don't know.
I was like, shut up, so call me that. Polly Pocket. Why is that? You didn't pay for anything? I don't know. You didn't take your wallet out of your pocket? I'd be like, shut up, so call me that.
Polly Pocket.
These are the commercials.
Polly Pocket.
So anyways, yeah, Hank is the area no longer doing a poo,
but he'll still be doing the rest of his 94 other voices.
But again, I don't know.
Simpsons I tapped out ages ago.
What if Homer's eating kale salads and he's in shape Homer
because no more fat shaming
yeah exactly yeah that's is that a gluten-free donut is that organic beer
i'm duff all right boys uh this is rough uh we're gonna switch over to the gambling corner
last week just an absolute utter fucking disaster 0-8 in the corner
both fucking versions
of it last week. Times are tough sometimes in the
gambling world R.I. You're going through one
of those times man it happens to everyone
It is and it's not like I'm
historically when I got croaked I would
double down, double down, double down
I'm not even doing that. I'm not
upping my wages or anything. I'm keeping the same
but when you go fucking 0-10 you're going to get fucking waxed.
So I went 0-10 with posted plays last week,
aided them on the corner, and then one of my tweets.
I couldn't do it if I tried.
It's just about whatever.
It is what it is.
So I've got one game Tuesday, and if you fade me,
I don't fucking blame you at this stage of the game.
Florida Panthers are in Chicago.
I'm not sure who's in net yet because it's a few days out,
but I'm looking at Florida and Chicago Tuesday night.
We're going to play them on the money line.
I don't have an amount yet, but I will have it when I blog it Tuesday.
Like I said, I want to wait and see who's in net.
But, again, if you fade me, I certainly don't begrudge you one bit
because it's been tough sledding for your buddy, R.A., lately.
Mikey. either way.
Can you put like sad music behind that little
corner?
It's a dark day and
what's the Casey at the Bat book?
Casey at the Bat?
Yeah, what's the town? It's a dark day
in Mudville.
It's a dark day in Mudville right now
in R.A.'s gambling corner.
We'll get a little...
Everything switches up with a big Panthers
win in Chicago, and then you get rolling.
People are going to say
it's a missed opportunity that we didn't get
Daniel Negreanu to do the gambling corner
with us, but we need our man to get
out of the slump, so let's all give him
some positive juju here.
Slump us. Fucking 5'4", about a buck 80. There's a fucking slump. So let's all give him some positive juju here. Slump buster.
Fucking 5'4", about a buck
80. There's a fucking slump buster for you.
All right, boys.
Any other final notes you want to
send off before we take off
for St. Louis soon?
Quinn Hughes, I'm sorry.
Poor Quinn Hughes.
Yeah, I'm excited about St. Louis.
We had a great year last, great all-star game last year in
san jose so we have some very exciting names lined up already like done deal the interviews
are happening with a couple more on the uh on the verge of maybe happening so i think you're
going to be very excited when we're done with this trip and i'm looking forward to it. Have some Budweiser's in St. Louis, right?
We're doing the brewery tour.
Alright, cool.
I've done it before. I'd love to do it again.
It might be the best tasting beer
you've ever had right fresh at the plant.
Absolutely.
Thank you so much for listening.
Sorry our brain shut off at the end. It's Sunday night.
I traveled today.
Packers are getting smoked and I'm going to be playing that alumni game on Thursday.
So catch the details for that.
It'll be on Kelly Chase's Twitter.
And just everybody's just talking a lot of shit.
I have not played in an organized game since I retired.
And this will be my return.
So we will have it documented.
And fuck you, Kelly Chase.
I'm coming after you, bro.
Nice.
Hey, real quick, Biz.
Have you ever gone to the top of the Gateway Arch?
No, I've never done that.
No, we should go up.
It's actually pretty cool.
Maybe we can do a little work.
We'll get a little content out of it.
Sure.
All right, everybody.
Listen, have a great couple days, and we'll check back with you Thursday.
Take care.
As always, we'd like to give a hearty thanks to our sponsors,
and hopefully you awesome listeners are taking full advantage.
For Dunkin', you want to go buy your local Dunkin'
and check out the Dunkin' Go 2s.
You get everything nice and cheap, 2, 4, or 5.
Check it out.
Get a nice little bargain.
And for Thursday Boot Company, you want to go to thursdayboots.com,
and they got free shipping and returns.
So check them out for a nice fresh pair of new boots.
Have a great week, everybody.
15, there's still time for you.
Time to buy and time to choose.
Hey, 15, there's never a wish better than this.
When you've only a hundred years to live
