Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 241 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
As you're well aware, we're coming to you a day later than usual, so we can give you a little Super Bowl update.
Sorry if we sunked you on Monday morning, but we are here today.
And honestly, I think Tuesdays are worse than Mondays,
so I'd kind of probably rather a show on a Tuesday than a Monday.
But anyways, I digress.
Let's see what's up to the boys first.
Producer, Mikey Grinelli, what's going on, brother?
What's going on, boys?
Barstool hockey team tryouts are this Friday, I believe.
R.A.'s coming down.
He's going to be the head coach
there are some rumors that I was named
captain of the team I'm not sure yet
I'm very excited to get that
unveiled to happen
but I'm excited I haven't skated in a while
and I kind of bring this up R.A. because I saw
that you broke out the wheels this past week
I did yeah I was actually
going to save that for a little bit when we talk about the
infinite dangles with Biz but yeah I broke on the new wheels but we'll say hi to the boys for us. We'll get to that. Cause we've got some talking about what, with that shit. Let's go to a biz nasty next Paul biz nasty business. What's up buddy. That looks like your homestead behind you.
A lot's happened since I last talked to you guys.
I went for dinner with Taylor Hall, Teddy Purcell,
and a bunch of some NFL guys.
Blake Bortles was there.
Finally met him in person for the first time.
Awesome guy.
One of the Rams' tight ends.
This guy was a big monster stud.
And then Jared Goff was there,
fresh off his 110 million guarantee on his fucking NFL deal.
So great people at the table.
Also at the dinner table was that Friday beers guy who has been getting into it with Dana online on Twitter for what the last week.
And they've been going back and forth.
And I mean,
he was a nice guy and I love Dana.
I'm like,
you guys are the same fucking person.
Once you guys meet,
you'll love each other and you guys should just bury the hatchet and, and combine forces.
Cause I think the whole thing is fucking funny.
Um, what else happened?
Oh, Commodore slows up the dinner.
So we went out to ocean 44.
Awesome spot.
I ended up driving him back to the hotel and I, I, I'd been sick for a few days and I don't
know if, uh, mucinex, the stuff that breaks up all the phlegm in your chest does it make you constipated because i hadn't shit for like close to 48 hours so all of
a sudden i was coming off of it i was getting a little bit better and oh man i had i had to hop
in commoners hotel to shit or i would shit my pants on my home and we know how that goes i've
already i'm already two for two on those so i go in I sit in the stall and then some other guy goes in the other stall
and he's like hey dude do you mind
do you mind if I borrow your phone to call
an Uber like my phone service isn't working
I'm like where are you going
and then he said the address so I put it on my phone
it was like eight minutes away so I'm like dude I'll just
drive you because you could tell he was fucking hammered
and I was you know I haven't been
drinking and I was just in a good mood I'm here with my
girl what a guy what a move biz yeah whatever but people are here for the open so
people are on these search and rescues for their friends constantly like they need like a fucking
app for it or some shit it is chaos here so um so i get out of the stall i'm like hey i'll meet you
in the in the lobby and i'll because i had to take a shit. I was there for a little bit.
So finally I get out, and he's like, holy shit.
He's like, biz nasty.
And I was like, what's up, buddy?
I'm like, I'll drive you where it is.
He goes, dude, all my friends are back at the house.
Like, when we get there, do you mind if you come in and say hi?
And I'm kind of like, all right, I'll come in and say hi, you know?
So this reminds you, this guy's from Wisconsin.
So we pull up to where he's staying.
It was about an eight-minute drive.
I walk inside. There was no one on the main level we go upstairs he opens
the first bedroom door two dudes who had been clearly drinking all day they pop out of their
bed holy shit fucking checklist oh my fucking check and like so like we have like like i'm
like laughing because they're they're boxers i'm like okay all right calm down here come down here
then they open the door to the other room.
Well, fuck, there's a girl in there skiing two dudes
who are two of the other guys from Wisconsin.
There are like six or seven of these guys, right?
So they pop out of bed.
And this one guy's fucking dick is riding up above his boxers.
The tip is basically hanging.
And I'm like, boys, boys, all right.
So we snap a few fucking picks.
I dropped them off at least.
So I thought that was a pretty funny story that I had to mention.
So shout out to the boys from Wisconsin and hopefully you guys got home
safe.
And then I went home and then took it easy yesterday and watched the
Superbowl.
That was not quite the intro.
Let's say the last guy, Ryan Whitney, the wit thug.
You're on the road.
Where are you right now, brother?
Well, first off, that's one of the best intros of all time right there.
I mean, just Biz going on complete rant after rant, followed by that story.
I'm surprised one of the kids wasn't like, Biz, you here for the gangbang?
It was just the perfect introduction to a day-late episode, Biz.
I love it.
I'll go back to you, Mikey.
Very interested to hear that a captain of this team was named when in actuality without me none of us are even sitting here so why wasn't
i asked to maybe pick the fucking captain of my original podcast uh team name crazy to me um ra
you were obviously involved in that i love you and third thing i am in florida i am in the best
mood of all time i'm'm in Palm Beach Gardens.
We rented a house for two weeks.
I'm playing golf.
My body feels great.
I'm walking around.
Unfortunately, I can't wear sandals.
I can't wear open-toed shoes.
My feet are disgusting.
I get looks and all that.
But I'm just happy as a pig in shit.
So it's a pleasure to be here.
And basically, the fact that Biz walked in on that this weekend,
that makes my entire weekend better just hearing that now.
I thought he was going to tell us he ended up there for like three nights.
I just thought it was funny.
The guys were getting tugged off,
and they'd rather come get a Snapchat picture instead of getting tugged off.
I don't know if you meant fucking table skiing.
It's nasty.
No, no, not skiing the slopes all right.
They were getting fucking  she was skiing.
That's hilarious.
We do get several guests.
We want to mention that right now.
It's a, it's a mass hole, a heavy episode.
First off, we're going to be bringing in our officer Ross,
AKA the rink shrink, AKA Brian Gandel.
He comes on, he got some emails.
He read off in his typical Gandel fashion and he's pretty hilarious.
And then a little later we got big Walt,
Keith Kachuk himself
and his two all-star sons brady and matthew uh we met met up with those guys in st louis for a
pretty funny chat like i compared them to last week it was like kevin uh the three stooges in
the room and dad was mo of course so uh we get that stuff coming to you later a lot of boston
accents coming when i got back from dallas the lady at tsa asked me if i was from australia do
you ever get that with i know your accent's not not bad as mine, but I've gotten that a few times.
No, I've never got that.
I've never got that one.
Well, I guess we should talk about the SMAT pack,
considering we're in the language subject.
Great commercial.
Do you think people loved it or hated it?
Well, I bet you 99 of people watching it, you know, outside of Boston hated it.
I thought they could have cast RA and saved a shit ton of money
and not had to fake the accents.
Yeah, I had seen it a couple of days before it debuted.
Yeah, it's one of those you just kind of cringe watching,
like as a Boston native, because it's funny.
They're all, it's ironically enough,
the only person who didn't talk was one of the drivers of the cars.
It was actually Robert slash Bobo Wahlbergberg it's mark walberg's brother he's the only boston native
in the in the commercial and he didn't even have a speaker pot everybody else is from the suburbs
and what knows how we are city people we're like very territorial if you didn't grow up in the city
then you know we'll tell you no no i do not know that all right what are you talking about you guys
think that i think it's so dumb okay well you're you're obviously aware of it then what we're talking about because someone's like oh
he's a boston native it's like listen if your mother shits you out and you spend three days
in a fucking incubator that doesn't make you a boston native if you shove off to the suburb yeah
but people have boston accents not just from downtown boston no that i know that i'm not i'm
okay not what i was saying i know that. It's just funny that
these folks are all from the Boston area
and their fucking accents weren't that good
in the commercial, I guess. They just
seemed like they were fucking... I love it. I love how
R.A. is so defensive about downtown
Boston. Hey, good for you, R.A. Fuck it.
Hold on. I want to let everyone know
this kind of comes full circle
talking about Super Bowl commercials. I had one
of the most miserable experiences in my life
is watching the Super Bowl in Canada because you don't get the commercials.
And so all the Canadian listeners that are wondering right now,
I mean, it's just unfortunate that your guys' commercials
are not on par with America's.
I'm pretty sure that's still the case.
Let me tell you about commercials, though.
I did not think that I'd be sitting in the Rocco's Tacos
on Atlantic Avenue, Delray Beach,
watching the Super Bowl, coming to near tears, putting my sunglasses on to not embarrass myself
when they had the Google ad with the old man who was trying to remember his wife,
and he had the Google remind him of her favorite flowers.
And I was like, holy shit, I got boogers and tears all over my pulled pork taco. No cheese,
add boogers. So it was a great, great game to watch, I think, if we're going into the Super Bowl,
but always the commercials fire me up. Okay, so yesterday, speaking of the commercials,
I've never seen the co-branded ads as aggressive. I wouldn't say aggressive, that's a bad word to
use, but as maybe as creative
as, as this year, has that happened at all in the past where there's been two brands
in the same commercial? Mind you, there was one that ended up having like four or five of the
brands, but they're all owned by Procter and Gamble are Bud Light and Tide owned by the same
company. That would be shocking. Although if you spill beer all over yourself, Tide owned by the same company? That would be shocking. Although, if you spill beer all over yourself,
Tide can get the stains right out.
It would be the perfect mix.
I don't know, though.
InBev owns Bud Light.
They basically own every beer on the fucking planet.
I don't know that they own Tide either,
but it's like that what they call corporate synergy.
They mix it together, and everybody presumably makes money.
Because I'd smoked a fucking fatty and ended up watching the game, right?
And my girl says something like, wait, did that just turn into a different ad?
And I'm like, no, there's no way.
I must have just spaced out.
And that's why I ended up tweeting it out.
And people were saying that they were doing that.
And that was the second one.
And then one of the other commercials was the, the baby peanut.
Were they trying to play off the baby Yoda?
I don't think that would have been able to turn around that quick.
Those they probably had already done that.
Cause this shit's planned out years in advance of Superbowl.
So it just so happens like the baby,
like the little cute little things are in now.
Yeah,
I guess so.
I had to go back because I wanted to say one thing quick about the smart
park commercial. I think so little I had to go back because I wanted to say one thing quick about the Smart Park commercial.
I think so little of you as a person, especially guys out there,
if you're getting out of the car and then having the car park itself,
fucking what are you doing?
You're lower than when I see guys getting driven around by their wives.
When I drive in the car with my wife, my wife's in the car, I'm driving.
When I see guys' wives driving everywhere,
I'm like, what are you doing? Guys should be driving.
Question. Sometimes our wives are terrified
when we drive. True.
My mom used to look out the window when my dad was going 100,
so it would not look like they were going as fast.
Okay, so in no circumstance,
if you're doing a 12-hour drive,
you wouldn't let her take over for a few hours?
Not one second.
Okay. Okay uh so you're stopping getting a hotel what happens if you're driving a for a far distance where you may i don't think i'd ever drive that far like enough for
okay to because we'd probably kill each other but so i mean okay so let's say she's picking
you up at the golf course and it's maybe not far from home where she's swinging by to pick you up.
Do you ever just jump in the passenger seat?
No.
She could pick me up to drive a golf cart like 400 yards to a hole,
and I'd be like, slide over, sweetie.
Is it a chivalrous thing, or is it just like you want to feel like
It's partly chivalrous, and it's partly she's not good at driving.
She's got a little Asian in her. I you baby but like let's be honest okay all right okay well I was like I was like I kind of like
like when I don't have to drive sometimes I could just put my arm around the seat and chill out I
know I just can't trust her but I I'm more thinking my buddy Jack I mean his wife Steph
drives him everywhere I'm like Jesus Jack but she's a better driver he's horrible he can't trust her. But I'm more thinking of my buddy, Jack. I mean, his wife, Steph, drives him everywhere.
I'm like, Jesus, Jack.
But she's a better driver.
He's horrible.
He can't park either.
So he'd be having his wife drive and then getting the smart park car to park the car.
So perfect example of the fact that, hey, your wife's just not a good driver, where you have a buddy where he's not good and the wife's better.
Yeah, I know.
Fair enough.
No, the smart park, it's funny.
Like I said, Fox used to do that show when animals attack.
I said they should do it when yuppies parallel park
because when yuppies come to the city,
none of them had a parallel park.
They'll be like fucking 400 feet,
and they're trying to put a Yugo in there,
and they can't.
Boys, I have a confession to make.
I failed my driver's test three times.
Oh, man, I failed my permit.
I got snapped on by my parents,
but I didn't actually fail the legit test
three different times hey i don't know if i've ever told the story in the podcast first time
i ever went for my test i was fucking nervous okay oh me too so i get this you could tell i
just get this hard-ass chick right so i'm fucking now my anxiety's through the roof so she's like
take a right out of the parking lot. First move.
I don't know.
It just doesn't register.
I thought she said turn left and it was kind of a busy street
and cars are just sitting by and I felt like I'd been there for 10 minutes.
So I felt I had to make a move.
I go fucking squealing out of the parking lot.
Like tires spinning.
I ripple left, cut somebody somebody off get the horn she's like can you if
you fail to follow instruction the test is over i was done the test pulling out of the parking lot
you gave her whiplash and she pounded an f on the report
third time what happened second third time bro second time
rolling stop and third time i believe yeah i believe it was the parallel park or something i
and like fuck dude in canada i think they even let you like keep doing it until you get it it
was a dude i just it was not good hey but people who drive with me i think they would say that i'm
a decent driver uh yans and derrick morris would say I'm slow because I would always drive in the HOV lane on the way to the rink for practice sometimes
because once it passed 9 o'clock in Arizona, I think it's from 6 to 9 in the morning for rush hour traffic,
then the HOV lane just becomes another lane after that.
And I would always be in the HOV lane.
And Derek Morris would drive this
fucking truck that was like raised up like a meter you basically needed a ladder to get in
and he would drive yans to the rank and he had this horn on it that was a bullhorn it was the
loudest horn it would scare the shit out of you he would be driving so fast in that hov lane that
i would always check my mirror like every minute, but he would always sneak up on me, and he knew my vehicle,
and he would lay on the horn, and it would scare the absolute fucker.
And him and Jens would be like, get the fuck out of the HOV lane.
This is the fast lane.
And then they would rip me the entire day at the rink,
and it would ruin my fucking world.
So fuck you, Mo, and fuck you, Yance.
All right, well, we were talking about ads.
Obviously, there was a pretty big football game that everyone was fucking gathered around for.
And the Kansas City Chiefs won their first Super Bowl in, I believe, 50 years,
beat San Francisco 31-20.
I thought it was a pretty good game.
Frankly, I thought the Niners had it in their hands like Bueller ball breaker,
and they let it get away from them, man. what fourth quarter you got a 10 point lead and i thought
the coach went for the jugular when he should have just went for the w man he should have kept
running drain the clock instead he he went for the kill and ended up fucking killing himself i
thought what what'd you think buddy um well i i thought it was good game started off a little
slow maybe but my immediate reactions are so happy for Andy Reid.
That guy seems like just all his players love him.
He seems like a genuine great guy.
He had some unreal quotes talking about him crushing cheeseburgers
after the game.
And then this morning, Tuesday morning or Monday morning,
he comes out and says, I wasn't with the trophy.
I was with my trophy wife.
That's unbelievable.
Think about that.
Great, great quote.
And a guy who's been around the NFL for so long.
You saw him in Philadelphia.
So he gets a Super Bowl title.
Awesome.
And the other one, and we were mentioning this just pre-show
before we started recording.
I'll let Biz go into it.
Jimmy Garoppolo, he had the chance to be that next Tom Brady,
maybe be his successor for the two-minute drive to win the Super Bowl.
Brady wins that game, no biz?
Yeah.
I mean, I just thought that in the NFC Championship,
they ran the ball so much that I don't think he threw the ball
like 10 times in that game.
And then you have a two-week layover of not throwing in a game,
and I don't know, maybe it just affected his arm
where he couldn't be as accurate as he was before that now saying that
I don't understand why they weren't just running the ball they Kyle Shanahan had a 99 chance I
think he was the offensive coordinator in Atlanta when they blew that lead they had a 99.6 chance
to win that game by the time they were up 20 to 10 and they started the fourth quarter up 10 points now he's got the two biggest blown leads in super bowl history
and they were at a 96 chance to win that game so listen like sometimes it's like hey you're
gonna win ugly and they could have done that by just keep running the same formula but they
weren't running the ball they i think they had a two and five or a second and five yards.
Is that how you say it?
Why are you laughing?
Second and five, not two and five.
Fuck God, I'm so stupid sometimes.
You fuckers know what I meant.
And he decides to throw it where it's like, fuck, dude,
like just get it, get it, like you keep punching it.
So I don't know, it's unfortunate because dude like just get it get it like you keep punching it so i don't
know it's it's unfortunate because he's such a likable guy some people rip him but it's flat
brim but i don't know i'm not i wouldn't i wouldn't necessarily blame jimmy garoppolo i would
probably just say play calling was it was more of a factor well i don't know i do think that
patrick mahomes is such a freak of nature and the fact that
he's able to,
all right,
this is what I love about him.
And this is not me saying this for the first time.
So everyone's probably heard it,
but he looks,
he drops back in the pocket and he looks to throw.
And then when there's nothing there,
he uses his legs.
He's never like dropping back in the pocket and immediately thinking run.
He's such a good thrower.
And he has the touch of just an angel.
Like some of those throws,
it has to be the perfect speed and height just to drop over the DB right into
the receiver's hands.
He pulled it off a couple of different times.
And I read people saying that my homes didn't play well.
He sucked,
man.
I don't know when the game was on the line,
he looked fucking pretty good to me.
So I think that that's the future and probably the best young
up-and-coming qb in the nfl so you could easily see kansas city getting a couple more the only
thing is and why brady and the patriots have done it so long is the contract situation so is my home
is going to come up and in this upcoming offseason or whatever i think it's this year and say i want
150 million highest paid i want to beat golf if he does, the team starts changing.
So we'll see how that kind of goes about and how he approaches it.
But it ended up being a good game, and I'm happy for Chiefs fans.
Fuck, they haven't won shit.
And Trump thought they were in Kansas.
Did you see that?
He tweeted out, congrats to the great state of Kansas.
There is actually a Kansas City in Kansas.
I know, but they don't have an NFL club.
I know he didn't mean that.
That's something I would have done, but I don't have control of nukes.
Yeah, and you say 2-5
on 2nd and 5. Correct.
And R.A., you
hit a nice little prop bet to start out that game,
didn't you? I did. Fortunately,
because I had San Fran
7-1 to win the whole thing, and I didn't hedge it.
I liked San Fran to win the game, and I could have guaranteed myself a couple thousand dollars,
and instead I went with my, I let it ride. But fortunately, I had Holmes 22-1 to score the first
touchdown. I got very, very lucky. There were two times that they should have scored right before
that, and neither guy could get in the end zone zone. The fact I even had an opportunity was a blessing,
and he punched it in.
I only had 200 on it, so I picked up 4,400 there.
It basically paid for my other props,
and it paid for the San Francisco loss.
But yeah, it could have been a better day if I hedged,
but c'est la vie.
I like San Fran.
I stuck with it.
Not to be a Mahomes hater here,
I thought people who gambled on uh damian williams winning mvp got
fucking sandpaper finish no spit no lube man 17 carries for 104 yards with a td and then he also
had um four receptions for 20 yards and a receiving td as well so to me he was yeah come on and and he
was at pretty good odds.
I think he was at 35 to one RA.
So that's a bit of a kick in the nuts to people who gambled on that.
But I'm happy for Mahomes.
I think he's the face of the league now.
And for the league's purpose, that's a, it's a good thing.
I mean, I guess, I guess you couldn't miss
because it would have been Garoppolo or him,
but just nice to see small markets pull it off too.
The best prop that I saw, I didn't actually play it,
but it was will J-Lo show butt cleavage during the halftime show?
Yes was plus 110.
No was minus 150.
And then in parentheses, it said plumber crack or reverse butt cleavage
will count as yes.
I don't know exactly what reverse butt cleavage constitutes,
but there was one shot where I thought they were going to bust out a
speculum for half a second.
The camera cut away very quickly.
Well, let me say this.
You got to give Shakira a lot of credit because at the end of that
performance for her to go butt to butt with five tool,
a hall of fame ass on Jennifer Lopez was one of the ballsiest moves by a
Colombian woman I've ever seen.
And I'll tell you that if you try to stand next to JLo and any sort of like cameras on your ass,
or there's ass movement or there's bumping and grinding, you're crazy because it's just she's
she can do it all. She's a freak. I thought she had a little too much makeup on. She looked a
little orange. Maybe it was the TVs and Rocco's tacos, but kind of a weird look, but just the body and the moves.
And by the way, she hasn't had a song in 43 years.
Like all these songs, Jenny from the block, I think I was in high school,
and she's ripping up, but it's just she's the queen.
I mean, look at her.
She's a complete rocket launcher and 50 years old.
So there was a big debate going on online.
I don't know if J-Lo was, she made a comment about sharing the stage.
Maybe somebody else just tried to drum up some controversy,
but Shakira worldwide is far more massive than J-Lo.
Like it ain't even close.
Buddy, come on.
Whoa, whoa, hold on.
Are you saying that you think Shakira is more famous than Jennifer Lopez?
By four.
What?
Buddy.
Really?
Oh, my God.
I think she's got six Grammys.
J-Lo doesn't have one Grammy.
No, but J-Lo has one booty that's been insured for 10 million.
But Shakira still tours, and I think she's still pumping out bangers.
She has six times,
maybe even more, as many streams
as her. She has
far more YouTube downloads.
But she's never been an actress.
Have you seen Hustlers? It's a phenomenal
movie. Recently came out.
Listen, some people
might come at me on Twitter about this,
but I seriously ask these people to dive into it and do some research.
Shakira is world-renowned.
Okay, so worldwide fame.
You're going Shakira in on absolute landslide.
I bet you she's probably squashing your net worth too.
I think J-Lo has almost double the followers on Instagram though.
That ain't great for your argument. That ain't great for your argument.
That ain't great for your argument in world fame.
All right, keep going.
I'm going to look up the net worth.
No, I wouldn't shock me because J-Lo is huge,
but it's North America, specifically America.
I don't know that she's that big in Asia or fucking Africa that Shakira is
because she definitely has more international appeal.
As of 2020 shakira's
net worth fortune is valued to be 350 million okay i know but net worth fortune doesn't necessarily
mean more fame like there's plenty of people who are way more famous than a guy who's like
so has a billion dollars so i i would assume that when you mean by fame, you mean by what essentially their job is.
And as both entertainers, Shakira is far bigger
as far as her numbers as what she's put out.
Yeah, I more mean who's been on Us Weekly more?
Who do people know more, Jennifer Lopez or Shakira?
You can't base it on America's consumption of an entertainer.
Very fair.
Mexico City is,
is fucking 25 million people.
Yeah,
but okay.
All right.
Let's,
let's see the feedback.
I,
I,
you're so confident that you're making me feel like I'm a hundred percent
wrong.
Now saying this,
they say Jennifer Lopez has a net worth of 400 million.
So they're both,
they're both there.
But as far as talented singers, let's just, let's just maybe call it a draw.
Oh, talented singers don't even get near you.
Shakira dummies her in singing and musical talent and voice,
but the performance, shaking the booty next to J-Lo,
that ain't exactly easy for any woman out there.
Okay.
All right, we can move on from J-Lo and Shakira.
People who like hockey and don't like football and want to hear hockey
are ricking from Red Deer the steering wheel.
Big time.
He had a boner all weekend because of those games.
Absolutely.
Yeah, congrats to KC fans on the win.
You guys are good folks out there, but we've got to move it along to hockey.
And we had not one but two battles of Alberta since we last met,
and I'd say they both lived up to the hype.
Calgary won the first one, 4-3 in a shootout,
Wednesday in Edmonton, and then Saturday night,
Oilers throttled the Flames 8-3.
Both games featured numerous fights, lots of festivities.
Biz, let's go to you first.
I know you wanted to talk about this.
Oh, my God.
I mean, the entertainment value.
Just going back to the first game, love the mental warfare.
I wanted to ask you about it, Piss.
Oh, and I love the fact that they were talking about it in the media.
I know.
And they were so respectful about it.
I think it was handled perfectly.
What I do love about it, though, I was a little concerned, like, okay,
is this going to kind of turn into a tummy stick thing where, like,
it's all been resolved and there's no more hatred? Well, boy well boy was i kind of wrong um yeah i want to go back to that
i will say i had no clue they were playing saturday night so on the thursday night i or whatever with
the first game i realized right after the playing i'm like oh this is this couldn't have worked out
any better so we got we got both games biz about the mental warfare for people who don't know if
you've been living under a rock mat Matthew Kachuk pretty much decided,
not pretty much, he did decide, listen, I'm going to fight him.
I'm going to get this over with.
I'm going to fight Kassian.
And he tried to fight him off the opening draw the first time
that they were out there together.
And as a player who isn't known as a fighter, Zach Kassian,
and thinking of my career where I was even less of a fighter
than Matthew Kachuk is.
But I know from a guy's that standpoint, and you know how tough Cassian is, you're thinking, I just let me get this over with, and then I could play.
And finally, I don't have to think about it because it gives anxiety.
Now, Biz, what's Cassian and what's the way you did things in terms of making them wait?
Like, what does that basically do, you think?
Could you describe to people?
Well, I mean, I was never doing that, but I would be asking guys.
So some guys who were probably better players than me when I go out there,
I would challenge them, I would challenge them, excuse me,
kind of knowing 50-50 it would be going down.
Because if they said no, it'd be like, okay, well,
they probably want to stay on the ice and maybe take advantage of this shift.
Now, it sucked for me because me going out there preparing, Hey,
I'm probably going to fight.
Cause I'm going to ask them and there is a chance we're going.
Takes me about 10 to 15 seconds to kind of get back focused on the shift.
Cause I'm so concerned about the fight.
So a lot of guys will do it just knowing that now they're really going to
fucking take advantage of me. Cause my mind's somewhere, somewhere else.
And then me going back
to the bench feeling like i hadn't really done my job sucks so now you're feeling like shitty
about yourself then you're worried about okay well like fuck are we gonna go later so you're now
you're you're still thinking about it as a fighter i just wanted to get it out of the way so i could
now worry about the game i always wanted it first or second shift into the first period. And I mean, that's what's been taken out
of the game. Yes, but when Kachuk
when I think
Kassian said, all right, now we're going, you could
tell he had that glove off so quick
and he probably decided, I'm just going to go right at him.
He actually ducked or Kassian missed
a huge left. And then, you know,
got in there, Kachuk tried throwing some
and Kassian got the best of him, which you figured
would end up happening, but it didn't slow down from there because they played the next
well, we shouldn't get ahead from that game
because it ended up being an awesome game.
Now, the issue in that one that people were pissed about,
Oilers fans being people I'm talking,
is the play Giordano made when he stuck out his leg to Connor McDavid.
And that's right after  now, not that Giordano gives a shit
about his video just coming out.
I mean, that's more of a reaction play.
I watched it over and over.
Definitely considered dirty, but I think it's like a guy's going by you,
and it's just a quick thought.
You don't even mean to do it.
It's a reaction move.
The thing was it was so dangerous.
I mean, that catches him knee on knee.
You could easily blow your knee out.
So it was a little sketchy, and McDavid was screaming at the refs
from the bench, which he kind of had right to i i know what he meant to do it jeer daniel plays on the
edge and that everybody's well aware of that i i have to get in benefit of the doubt on this one
it didn't it didn't look like he extended it as as much as you'd think but you know mcdavid's so
used to getting hounded and slashed and whacked and people trying to gain any type of physical advantage on him,
whereas I can completely understand his frustration.
R.A., I'll let you touch on that quickly before moving to the Monaghan-Nugent-Hopkins fight.
Yeah, I believe I call the hit by Giordano shady.
I know, like Whit said, it's almost sometimes an instinct.
You just want to slow a guy down, but the weather was his knee, his hip, whatever part of his body.
It was still dangerous, man.
And, you know, the last thing the league needs is to lose a guy like Connor
on a fucking questionable hit.
But, you know, Giordano plays on the edge.
It's a hard game.
It's a fucking, like we talk about with Chuck later,
it's still a game of physicality and intimidation.
And, you know, it matters a lot.
And keep in mind, that decision was made so fast,
and you could tell it did come out a little bit,
but fuck, man, that's just instinctive,
and that's the shitty thing about hockey and how fast it is
is sometimes injuries are going to happen like that.
Now, when Monaghan and Nugent Hopkins are going at it,
that's when you know there's a lot of hatred going on between these teams,
and that was evident early on.
I thought it was a very spirited bout, Whit.
Yeah, I was really impressed by Nugent.
Granted, I played with him so short, but I love the guy.
And I think it was he thrown down,
or either way somehow when they got separated,
it could have kind of been over, I think.
He went right back at him.
And it was a good fight for two guys you'd never expect to fight.
I just think it
shows like edmonton's on a roll they're playing for each other that that team really really gets
along i think they seem like a close group uh together and when you watch nugent hoppins play
like for him to do that that i think that shows his teammates a lot i mean i remember when you
see guys fighting that don't normally do it it it gets you even more fired up. Like, this guy wants it that bad.
So it was great hockey all weekend, both games.
I love it.
There was always rumblings that they were going to move Nugent Hopkins
out of Edmonton.
I think they were thinking about basically getting rid of that core group
where I think every guy got a six times six.
Like, they got rid of Hall, Eberle,
and everyone was thinking that Nugent was going to be the last to go.
I'm so happy they kept him.
Every year, he's just so consistent.
This year already, 14 goals, 23 assists for 37 points.
Yeah, that fight with those two definitely set the tone.
Two guys who usually don't mix it up.
The other big highlight from the game was big save Dave ending the shootout,
and he does the old fucking mic drop with his Warriors stick.
Fucking definitely pissed off the other team.
Dreisaitl said it's just disrespectful.
We hit two posts and he's acting like they won the Stanley Cup.
Anytime guys shit talk through the media,
we're always big fans of Harriet's spit and chiclets.
But then fucking Saturday night, man.
Fucking Oilers, like I said, throttled them.
8-3.
The big highlight there, a goalie fight.
Two guys who used to play for the other team, Talbot
and Smitty. Talbot ends up with
21 penalty minutes. Smitty gets 17
penalty minutes. It's funny. People can
bitch about fighting, but anytime there's a
fight, especially goalies, the place just
goes fucking apeshit, eh, Whit?
It's awesome.
It happens so rare
now that when it does, you see it everywhere.
You see it all over Twitter, and it right away kind of goes viral.
Mike Smith's not afraid at all.
He's a big boy, too.
Not at all.
He looked pretty confident and ready in there.
It was Talbot, correct?
Correct.
Yeah, sorry.
A little brain fart.
Having him be a former Edmonton Oyer, that added some mix to it.
It was exactly what you need.
When we say this rivalry is back,
I mean, I think it's as back as it's ever been.
Because if you look at what's going on now,
every person in the hockey world's begging
and writing and tweeting,
like, please play each other in the playoffs.
And when that's the case,
when you have the entire fan base of hockey,
even if you're not a diehard Flames or Oilers fan,
if you're still on the side kind of thinking,
oh man, that would be great to watch that playoff series,
the same way people did when Detroit and Colorado were battling.
It's like that just is so much better for the game.
And right now you see two teams that are so evenly matched
really hate each other.
I love it.
I feel like I'm repeating myself a lot, but I'll say this about Edmonton.
I talked about their team that kaylor
yamamoto he looks awesome he's been recently called up he's at a point per game if not right
underneath and he's just like a high draft pick that oh you're adding a couple more guys to this
offense in edmonton like where they need the depth like this is a guy who could completely change
their lineup if he stays like producing the way he is uh yeah he's uh 11 games played five goals five assists for 10 points um little guy
two five eight 153 um but uh that was the first win for the Oilers in that season series I think
they have one more game left um as far as after the game drama Dre Dreisaitl not happy with the Riddick situation from the game before
where he did the stick flip.
So then they end up lighting him up.
He gets yanked.
And then Dreisaitl was kind of bitching at him in the media after.
Also, some fans being critical of the fact that Luchich
wasn't really physically involved in the last two games.
But to his defense, and I know people are going to be like, oh, you're always defending him.
Man, it's hard playing against your former team and trying to muster up that natural hatred when it's just not there.
He's buddies with all those guys, and he played with them for a few years.
So for him to go after and fight his old teammates, that's a difficult situation.
So I don't know how,
when he was in Edmonton,
you come back to Boston,
was there ever any bad blood with any of those guys?
No,
I don't,
I'm trying to remember if he even fought anybody.
I don't think anyone was fucking dumb enough to want to take him on.
Yeah.
He's such a tough guy.
And who knows what he might be battling to injury wise,
you know,
like,
you know,
one of those stuff, I'm not something that's not big enough to keep him out battling, too, injury-wise, you know? Like, you know, one of those  Fair enough.
Something that's not big enough to keep him out of the lineup,
but enough where, you know,
he doesn't want to risk breaking his fucking hand off a helmet.
People were surprised that Ronaldo was scratched in that second game, too.
I think  I forget who got put in for him, but he was not in the lineup.
Well, it's funny.
Matthew Kachuk had a second fight in as many nights. He squared off with Ethan Beer.
You know, a kid who said he didn't fight.
I think later in our interview, he had two of them in two games.
And Biz, you did say the last Battle of Alberta will take place on Saturday, April 4th in Calgary.
And we have the place for you to get tickets for that or any other NHL game.
Did you know that NHL ticket prices can actually go down right before the game starts?
That's where the GameTime app comes in.
GameTime tracks ticket prices in real time from thousands of trusted sellers,
then shows you all the best last-minute deals.
It's like Hotel Tonight, but for live events.
To date, millions of fans in the U.S. and Canada have downloaded the GameTime app and scored big on last-minute tickets, up to 60 off.
GameTime does price drop push notifications to let you know when
prices drop for events in your area, which is pretty sweet to get a hookup like that. And it's
got a super fast checkout, and it's not just sports tickets. You can get a last-minute hookup for
concerts and theater events as well. As a guy who used to be around the ticket scene ages ago,
this site is incredible because it does all the heavy lifting for you and you don't have to deal with any deadbeats. GameTime is hooking you up with a 15 credit. Here's what to do. Download the GameTime
app on your mobile device. Click on the My Tickets section of the app. Create an account. Then under
the billing section, redeem code BASTUL. Once again, that's code BASTUL for 15 off your first
purchase. That's free money, people. The credit expires at the
end of April 2020. That's April 30th, 2020. You got to cash in by. So make moves quick,
download the Game Time app now and score last minute tickets. Boys, I don't know if you had
anything else to add to the Battle of Alberta, but I think maybe we should send it over to Officer
Ross. Sounds good to me. All right. Without further ado, Brian Yandel.
Ross.
Sounds good to me.
All right.
Without further ado, Brian Yandel.
And now we are pleased to be joined again.
I think it's now his third or fourth time on the podcast.
Our favorite doctor, Dr. Ross, the rink shrink back in action.
How you been doing, buddy? And have the emails been coming in with stories from crazy hockey parents around the world?
Oh, man.
Good to be here, guys.
And, yes, they have.
They are buzzing.
Lots of emails.
Obviously, what we're going to try to do here is get to a handful of them.
And the way that we usually talk, we probably won't get to as many as we'd like.
But definitely some good stories, hopefully hopefully everybody's enjoyed.
Ross, I played golf yesterday. I got to give the kid a shout out.
Canadian fan of the show, Miles Creighton, trying to make it on the on the PGA Tour.
He said to me, you know who my favorite guest is ever?
I said, who he goes, Brian Yandel. That guy, the way he talks is hilarious.
You know what? You're right. You should meet him. He's even better in person.
But still, I was
pleased to hear that there's many
Ross favorites out there.
My man Styles.
I love it.
So what's going on?
When did these start coming in
and how many did you really get in terms of
stories being told?
They came
pretty quickly right away.
Mikey was forwarding me the emails, and I think they, you know,
continuous obviously there were some different days where Mikey sent me
a bunch of them at a time, and then other people after we kind of announced
that I was going to be coming back on, they sent more and more.
So there was a lot of them, and like said i uh my reading is on par with business so
i'm not i'm not exactly the uh you know the have the best comprehension level and stuff like that
but we'll get to what we get to and go from there i'd like to start this one guys is kind of a funny
one um it's it's real short and i figured it'd get us kicked off uh pretty pretty quickly. This came from a guy, Joe Gencarelli.
Definitely butchered that name.
Hey, wait.
For our listeners who chirp us about fucking up guys' last names,
it is not fucking easy.
So there you go.
There's another prime example.
Exactly.
That was butchered.
We'll just call him Joey G.
His senior year in high school, 10 minutes before the game, his coach comes in. They're all fired up. I guess the team high school hockey. You know, the guys are ready.
They're waiting for his pump-up speech.
And he comes in, and he's like, boys, I got one thing to say to you.
So these guys are all sitting around.
They're thinking it's like, you know, Herb Brooks giving his last speech before the tournament game.
He goes, boys, just make sure you guys wash your hands.
It's flu season.
And then just walks out of the room.
That's it.
He's got nothing else.
He tells the guys, you know, wash their hands, and then that's it.
What I think, I mean, this guy, he's playing chess
when everybody else is playing checkers.
These guys, they're fired up for the game.
He's keeping them loose.
He doesn't know what's going on, you know?
Did the guy give the reaction?
Did he say they were, like, ready to go or looking around?
Did the email not even say?
He just, their reaction was like, what?
Like, all right, guys, I guess we got to wash our hands constantly.
It is flu season, and let's go out and try to win a hockey game here.
Ross, my question is, do you think that he's going in there thinking,
it's been such a shit show this year.
I'm just going to fuck with these guys.
I'm going to throw him a little curveball here,
and he put on the acting performance of the century,
and he probably deserves an Oscar.
Biz, I think that's exactly what happened there.
He's like, I've had it with this team.
And you know what?
Boys, stay healthy.
I love it.
I love it.
I like his style.
Keeping it loose, you know?
Like, the only Corona we want in this locker room is the fucking Mexican beer.
Oh, Jesus.
Are we allowed to go there?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
People died and shit. There's a case in Boston, too. Jesus. Oh, yeah. Are we allowed to go there? Yeah, I mean, I don't know. People died and shit.
There's a case in Boston, too.
Jesus.
Oh, yeah.
Travel from China.
You're a little sensitive.
I was.
Crazy.
Crazy.
It is.
Well, the next one I got here, guys, is from Ian Cummings.
Did well with that name.
And he's from Ennismore, Ontario, which obviously I have no idea where it is.
But, Biz, you may.
Yeah, it's in Ontario.
Yep.
So what his story was, it begins, and I'll kind of summarize because it's a little long-winded on the email.
But I call this one the wrong ref gets put in a chokehold.
And like I said, it's from Ian.
He was, you know, reffing a game that was two ranks, kind of what he described as a twin pad.
So I pitched a two-week ranks on each side, and parents can watch the game kind of from the middle.
Ian's actually reffing the game.
Parents can watch the game kind of from the middle.
Ian's actually reffing the game.
Regular, it was a midget game, so regular scrums and typical midget hockey in Canada or U.S., anywhere, a pretty physical game.
One injury during the game, but nothing worth really noting.
So it was just his kind of typical game.
so it was just his kind of typical, typical game. And when the, um,
the referees from the other rink were walking out, um,
into the lobby, a parent comes and just super fly snook is the dude and puts one of the
referees in a chokehold. Uh, parents end up getting involved.
They break it up. Um, the guy fled the scene he's running he's gone
eventually you know the the cops came he was arrested and I mean just an absolute ridiculous
act by a parent here who goes and attacks the referee of the wrong game.
It's insane.
And, you know, I'd like to, I mean, R.A., you know from, I mean,
this is years ago, but a Boston story, just parents fighting in the lobby.
I mean, unfortunately, there was an incident years ago, and I don't want to get into names, but a person died, and the guys ended up going into
a guy went to prison because of it, which is
I mean, it's a horrible and a worst-case scenario type situation,
but parents, what are you thinking?
You know what I mean?
Yeah, it can't ever get physical, dude.
Unless you're protecting yourself but if you
actually attack a ref or a parent you're a sick prick i mean and you gotta think if you're if
you're gonna go in for a fucking choke hold you gotta walk down before the end of the game and
make eye contact and make sure you're choking out the right person like you can't choke out the
wrong person that's fucking nuts. Unless it
was his fucking twin brother reffing on
the other rink.
And if I could hop in and compliment you here too,
I love how you're setting where
the setting is. You're telling me
the double rink. Does that make sense?
How was I supposed to work that?
I think everyone knows what you meant
to say, but you're setting up where
the story went down is probably better
than you're setting where the setting is.
I know it sounds bad when you use the same word twice in a row.
I know what you're saying.
But you're doing a good job of painting the whole image, Brian,
so thank you very much.
Yeah, I like to paint the picture, you know what I mean?
And one more thing, it just popped in my head,
but imagine going to work on Monday morning like you're sitting down in the office
and it's like, hey, what's up?
How was your weekend?
Oh, how'd little Johnny do in the game?
You know, I know he had a couple games over the weekend.
Actually, I got a bounce in like 10.
I got an arraignment up at the local courthouse.
I got locked up for the weekend
because I decided to choke out the referee
because he didn't call my son, you know,
when he got tripped from behind or something ridiculous.
You know what I mean?
Oh, and by the way, it was the wrong referee I attacked.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was the complete guy.
It's just crazy.
Like, most people, I mean, work in people work in cubicles and stuff like that.
Everybody sits around.
How was the weekend?
What did you guys do?
You know what I mean?
I got locked up.
I missed the Super Bowl.
Because I was in a holding cell all weekend because I attacked a referee.
What a nut.
Oh, my God.
Give us another one.
Give us another one.
Give us something else, please.
So you guys have heard, and this is, it's a sensitive subject around Boston,
but you guys have heard, obviously,
and I've heard guests talk about that brick tournament out in Edmonton.
Yes.
Yeah.
Biz, you've heard of it, right?
I don't know if you played in it, but you guys have heard of it.
Yeah, we hosted a lot of teams.
Wasn't it thrown on by the brick furniture house?
Yeah, Comrie's dad.
Comrie's dad.
Yes, yes, yes.
I'm aware of it.
And then also, I remember, it was always a big-time tournament.
Kids are young, so I didn't go. But it's also in the mall with 14 Aldos.
And the thing that I actually remember about it is I've seen
have you ever seen Goudreau's highlights from that tournament?
He was on, like, the Boston Iceman or something,
and it is maybe the nastiest little, like, four-foot-one kid
you'll ever see in your life.
So that's my brick memories without ever going there.
So go ahead.
Right, right.
So it's a big tournament.
It's obviously a tournament that starts, I'm sorry, it's for 10-year-olds.
And it's, like you said, it's in a mall.
You know, some guys at Panda Express watching the game um grabbing some some new shoes at
aldo aldo's and stuff like that but it's for 10 year olds and it is it's a it's a big thing um
you know i've had kids on my teams that have played it and stuff like that but now so they're
starting this series that starts at like six seven years old they start even younger and they
you know that the the goal is obviously, when these kids are 10,
eventually play in the brick tournament. And it's just, they're basically calling these six,
seven-year-old kids elite level players and all this craziness. They have tryouts and there's all
these teams in Canada
and the U.S. that play summer tournaments for the next three years,
and their goal is to eventually make this brick tournament at the age of 10,
which to me is completely insane.
So a parent was telling me about it.
I was up in Buffalo a couple weeks ago, and he's talking.
I'm like, oh, did you have your son try out
like i know he's a he's a pretty good player and stuff like that and he looks at me and he's like
brian he goes he can't even tie his sneakers yet he's like and he wants me to to have him try out
for this summer series tournament like travel around the u.s and canada he's like the kid can't
even tie his sneakers you know you don't need to be traveling across the continent playing hockey
before you even understand, like, how to make a phone call
or basically, like, live a normal life.
Pay your taxes.
Pay your taxes.
Find a mortgage statement that you can maybe prove your identity with.
I got to do that.
That's why it's coming to my mind.
It makes no sense.
But, yeah, I mean, listen, it's too young for these kids to be doing that. And the fact that you have to
try out and like stress over if you're going to make the team is even more insane.
All these parents are up there in the
stands watching these tryouts like you've never
seen before. Parents just, they're taping
their skates. I'm sorry, their pads
before the game, staring at them in the
eyes going, listen little buddy,
this is it. You gotta go out
and you gotta make this team.
If you fall down going around those
cones, your career is over.
And no dinner.
But, no dinner
tonight. And I mean
never mind with like what you, obviously, you know,
I don't know about that identity thing and all that.
It made no sense.
Pay your taxes, all that stuff.
But why not pick up a glove and a bat and play baseball, right?
Or grab a lacrosse stick or soccer ball and play other sports, right?
Like you just watched Patrick Mahomes win the Super Bowl.
The guy played baseball, basketball, football.
He played all these sports, and that's why he's a freak of nature.
And, you know, when 300-pound linemen are rushing at him,
he can make these ridiculous throws
because he's athletic right and it's just crazy to me you know very very well said very well said
by you doctor hey brian have you been recognized for your spitting chiclets work while out in the
job you know what there's this house it's a UMass Boston hockey house. And we get like
party calls and stuff there. And I'm like, I, if these guys find out who I am, forget about it.
You know what I mean? So I'm like standing in the background, uh, just, just ducking. But
my normal clientele is, is, is is is probably not chicklets listeners okay
well and let me let me let the listeners at home know though hold on let me let the listeners at
home know you say it wouldn't be good if the guys in the hockey house found out you who you are
he actually means it wouldn't be good for him because the hockey guys at like 9 a.m would be
like dude you gotta go home ross like leave. So you just know for your own personal health,
you don't want to end up just drinking there all night.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I can't get stuck there.
That's for sure.
But some parents are ready to answer it.
More in the rinks.
Some guys have grabbed me and like, hey, you know,
what you said makes a lot of sense.
Thanks for that and things like that. So there's been a,
there's been, you know, a handful,
especially I'm in the rinks all weekend coaching 37 hockey games between my,
my three kids. So they definitely some parents have,
have made note and commented and you know,
say really like what you're doing and stuff like that. So yeah, it's been good.
It's been good. And a ref sunk you.
Didn't a ref sunk you?
And a ref sunk me.
That's right.
There you go.
Full circle.
And then you put him in a chokehold.
Did you guys hear that one?
That was actually your own story.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
No, that guy would have probably dummied me.
So I got another one here, guys.
We got Declan McGuire.
I'm not sure where Declan's from, but he called his story was his brother
played for a real entitled coach.
They had a tournament one time, and in one of the games,
my brother took a penalty.
The other team tied it on the power play.
After the game, the coach called him out and told him he was the reason they lost the tournament
and he should feel bad.
He ends it by stating he was eight years old and hasn't played hockey since.
Can you imagine as a coach?
I coach eight-year-olds.
Can you imagine as a coach, I coach eight-year-olds, if I walk into a locker room and I single a kid out and tell him that he lost the tournament for me and he should feel bad, right?
I should be shot in the head if you ever make a statement like that.
That's insane.
And look at it. This kid has never played hockey again,
right? And it probably some like, whatever, Toys R Us hockey tournament, something ridiculous.
And this kid's career is over. So I wish that Ian sent us this guy's name, this entitled coach's
name, because this guy needs to be exposed. That's insane. That is a scumbag move
and more than anything, forget if the
kid ever plays hockey in high school
or college. It's just like,
man, you want these kids to have fun no matter
what they're doing. I mean, my son's
two and I can't imagine when he's older, you just want
them to have a good time. You lose
a game. Who cares, guys? You're eight years old.
You did good out there, bud. Great job.
You guys, good effort. We'll be better.
I mean, singling anyone out
maybe before high school, let alone
before they're 10,
it shows that the people are
really sick.
Sick. It's like,
hey, guys, we lost the tournament.
Let's head to Dave and Buster's or something.
Grab some wings and play some video
games and see you later.
Like, who cares?
You know what I mean?
They're not keeping your coaching stats if you lose a tournament game, you know?
Brian, when you do have a kid on the roster who's maybe not that good of a player,
how hard is it to tell a parent, like, you know, that he might not be up to snuff?
That's a great question.
It really is.
And you hope that the parent can kind of see it.
But we're, you know, we have tryouts and stuff like that here in Boston
coming up soon, and it gets to the point where you have to sit down
with parents.
And, I mean, the biggest thing is, and I did it with my own kid.
sit down with parents and I mean the biggest thing is and I did it with my own kid he was playing at the at the elite level and um at I want to say he was 11 10 or 11 at the time and I talked with the
other coaches that I was uh coaching with and I actually I moved him down and and you know what I
try to go over is is the benefits of it you know what I mean? By, you know, if you're the worst player on the top team, yeah, you might be having a
little bit of fun, but it's not going to be the greatest experience if you're the guy
that's kind of, you know, not getting bowl scoring, getting assists, making plays, things
like that.
You want to be handling the puck, especially at the younger ages.
You know, you want to be the kid that's taking that's taking the puck and scoring goals and being happy and,
and celebrating and things like that with your teammates,
not the guy that's kind of being dragged along.
So you hope that the parents can see that and recognize it.
And, and, and you go from there.
I feel like the hard part is actually if you're really good friends with,
with a parent, it's like, you don't, you don't, you want them to be around,
but at some point it,
it can become obvious. I remember when we were younger,
we had to deal with that.
Absolutely. Um, all right, Ross, what else you got? You got any more?
Rossi's got more.
I started,
I started pacing around when I was talking about that last story.
I was pacing around my house.
Oh, I have to do that when I'm on the phone.
I do like 20 laps of my house while I'm on a phone call.
I have to like touch every wall.
It's crazy.
If you watched me have a phone conversation, you'd be like,
what is wrong with this person?
No, Ross, I was just saying, a couple of
BPD brethren reached out
there. They're mutual friends of ours. They were fans
as well. They were hoping you were coming back.
They're pretty psyched to have you on.
Oh, good, good, good stuff.
Alright, I got another
one here from
Matt.
We're going to call his last name
Matt Hogan. Matt Hogan.
Hogan?
I have no idea how to say that last name.
Like you said, the last names are tough.
You don't realize how tough they are.
And then it's probably one of those things where you hear somebody talk
and they say the name like, oh, that makes sense.
It's a lot easier to say once they've said it, you know.
But Matt was reffing a Bantam game, a small town in Saskatchewan.
Kid was a big kid on the ice, very raw, and was crushing guys.
Late in the game, this kid gets crushed.
Clean hit.
Mom reaches over the glass and starts banging the kid's head against the glass.
She gets kicked out of the rink, banned kid's head against the glass.
She gets kicked out of the rink, banned for the rest of the season.
I mean, Mom, what are you doing, you lunatic?
Can you imagine that Sue Whitney or Patty Yandel or Biz,
what's your mom's name again?
I know it too.
Yolande.
Yolande.
Yolande?
Biz Nasty. Yeah. Can you imagine? Yolan Yolan was too classy Yeah
Can you imagine
Biz is running around
Buries a kid
And then
The mom reaches over the glass
And grabs this kid by the face mask
And starts slamming his head against the glass
It's crazy
Dude I could have got run over
From behind and the guy leaving the rink, my mom would have been like,
good game.
She doesn't even know, let alone think about attacking someone.
She wouldn't even have known that I lost three teeth getting crushed
from behind.
I mean, the fact that you're that involved,
let alone getting physical, as I said before, sick bricks.
Savages.
As I said before, sick bricks.
Savages.
My mother still to this day just watches the Panthers games to like see Keith get interviewed in between periods.
That's like the highlight.
You know what I mean?
Like she's like, what's the, oh, honey, you look handsome tonight.
You know what I mean?
Your hair looks great.
She's like, buddy, call me in when the, call me in when the period ends. He's like, no,
you mean when it begins? She's like, no, no,
just the intermissions I'm watching.
He's like, oh, I heard a song.
I heard a song from the kitchen. Is that key?
My wife still doesn't even... My wife has been watching
me play hockey.
Actually, I got a good one about my wife.
When I was playing in the coast, right, I was obviously, you know,
obviously there's fights all the time in the coast.
Obviously, Biz, you were there.
And so my wife looks at me after, like, you know, whatever, X amount of games,
and she's like, Brian, she's like, now is it your job after every fight
to, like, go pick up the guys on your team's gloves
and and and like you you always do that you always bring them over to the penalty box for them and
the stick and stuff like that is that like part of what you have to do out there i'm like what
i'm like no i'm like odds are i probably slashed the guy in the back of the legs or something and
this guy's got to fight him for me and the least i can do is pick up the guy's gloves you know what i mean oh man ross ivy this this is gold i think that's the perfect uh little first
episode officially as the rink shrink segment we got to get that thing sponsored business that's
a professional at that so thank you so much buddy we're looking forward to round two we're going to
be in boston uh mid-february couple weeks, do some interviews after the Pond Hockey Tournament in New Hampshire.
So maybe we get in person and we do this  we do it again.
Absolutely.
Love to do it again for the boys.
And lastly, Ross, if next time,
if you could have the stories named like you did the one
I know you called it the wrong ref getting the chokehold story.
If you could name them and then and then paint the setting and then continue with the story and then do your little
rant at the end that would be to me the perfect structure okay yeah i actually you know what i i
did write them down like as kind of titles but i just didn't uh out of curiosity what would be the last title of the fourth story there with the lady?
I just put Crazy Hockey Mom.
Okay.
That's going to need a little work.
Just like Friends episodes, the one with the crazy hockey mom.
Yeah.
Good shit.
Yeah.
I mean, obviously, I've got to get a little bit more creative with those things.
Well, it's all about improving, and I think if that's your first game,
there ain't much room for improvement.
The coach is happy, but it's like why ever not continue to strive for excellence?
100, just like you boys.
Exactly, buddy.
We love you very much.
We'll talk to you soon.
All right. Thanks, guys. Thanks, B-Y. son just like you boys exactly buddy we love you very much we'll talk to you soon all right thanks
guys thanks by a big thanks once again to the old rink shrink officer ross uh hilarious yandel all
those yandles always crack me up but uh anyways let's go back to the ice and one team man that
has been on absolute fire lately the vancouver connects 14 3 and 1 in their last 18 racking up 29 out of a possible 36
points this is a team that i don't think any of us gave much of a shot boys at the beginning of
the year uh they're chasing st louis for tops in the west right now they're leading the division
biz let's go to you first you got a little familiarity with vancouver well i mean i guess
i'll start net marky uh who's at the all Game, saw him recently. He's been having a tremendous season.
They've been getting decent backup goaltending by that Thatcher Demko.
I mean, his numbers don't, like, jump out at you, but, I mean, he's 10-5 with a 2.92 goals against average
and over a 900 save percentage.
I mean, so remember when I talked to you guys
about sending that tweet out of Cal McCarr?
And I would have put him ahead in Calder voting.
Quinn Hughes since then, he might have surpassed him.
I think he's one point behind him right now.
But just from what I'm hearing on the analytical side of things,
has way more responsibility defensively and in other areas as well.
So this kid just continues to excel. and he's even a full year younger,
I believe.
So, I mean, when you get a lift like that from the back end,
you've essentially just added like a Drew Doughty.
I don't think he plays with as much physicality and flair on defense,
but he's not a liability in his back end.
And up front, I think they just have like a well-balanced young lineup.
I was critical of that T.J. Miller move.
I thought that they'd given up too much.
Or J.T. Miller.
I knew it was one of those two.
But, I mean, he's been excellent since he's been over here.
Mind you, I still don't think the first rounder, but whatever.
Fuck, throw that aside.
They got Besser.
They got Horvat.
They have Elias Pedersen, who's another guy.
He keeps getting better and better, another all-star year for him.
So they're pulling the rope.
Credit Travis Green because he's done an excellent job as well so far this year.
I wrote these guys off.
I didn't think they were going to make the playoffs.
They might even fucking win the Pacific Division for fuck's sake.
So what the fuck do I know?
It's crazy right now.
Second in the West.
I think they're like five points behind the Blues.
So nobody saw this coming.
I don't think anybody realized how good Markstrom would be.
Peterson, Patterson, fuck, I'll never get it.
I don't know.
People tell me.
I still can't remember.
He is so dominant. He takes
over games. He took over the game.
They lost in a shootout, I think,
Carolina Sunday. He still
had two goals. One was from this impossible
angle. Filthy shot. The other one was like
a spin around off a check. Buck
bounced him. Another great shot. Shelf.
He's a joy to watch.
Jake Furtanen, too, Biz.
He's hard to play against.
He's big.
He moves well.
It's like their whole team, um, is rounding into form.
And the coolest thing about them is they're really fun to watch.
If you actually sit down and watch a Canucks game, they're back and forth.
Like you bring up Quinn Hughes, he's all over the ice.
Um, I, I, I think that they're, they're going to make the playoffs.
It really looks like that.
If you ask any fan base in the, in, in the um i think canucks fans will be able to argue that their
team breaks their heart the most and finds ways to do it pretty often but this year like the way
that they've looked and how how good of a job they've done really kind of coming together because
when you do have a team that everyone's doubting you don't know what to expect and to see it happen
this quick it shows that young talent now can take over right away.
It's
a fun team to watch. Like I said, Bo Horvath,
you've got to give him a lot of credit
leadership-wise and being as young as he is
to still be able to do that. It's a team
that's not easy to play against and a lot
of fun to watch. I'm pumped that they're doing well
and also I love
Markstrom. Great friend
of mine and just a great dude overall.
You mentioned Jake Vertanen.
Fans are over the moon about what Travis Green's done with him.
He's already killing his career high.
Right now, he's got 31 points so far this year.
And he was one of those guys I think some people might have wrote off
and said, I don't think he's ever going to find his game at the NHL level.
And I think that he's found that perfect role where he's, you know,
he's not a first-rounder, but he's able to bounce up and down the lineup.
He has that physical element to his game.
And, you know, he's adding those other intangibles that we talked about.
Some guys are stubborn where they just want to be that skilled guy
like they were in junior.
So credit Jake for Tanner for putting in the work and Travis Green,
you know, carving out his game.
Nice.
He,
um,
another guy,
Tanner Pearson,
he's,
he's back to performing like he was when he was,
we was popping off with the King.
So a lot of things going well for that Vancouver team right now.
And biz,
I'm,
I know it seems like I'm picking on you,
but I don't want people to listen and try to judge you.
You said he's not a first rounder.
You met first liner,
everyone.
That's what he meant.
So don't give him shit.
He's the first rounder. He's not a first liner. Good. Thank meant first-liner. Everyone, that's what he meant, so don't give him shit. He's a first-rounder.
He's not a first-liner.
Thank you.
I got you back, Wiz.
Yeah, and that's a great point.
You see, Patterson, he almost kind of reminds you of Nathan McKinnon,
the way he takes over a game.
It's just like your eyes can become glued to him.
Markstrom, 11-2 in his last 13 games started, been on a tear.
And JT Miller, he's averaging a point per game.
Like I said, I don't think too
many people saw that coming when the trade happened.
And also, you'll
see teams like this, what's cool is
it's like a different guy every night, it
seems. That's when you know things are really
vibing because they got different
heroes, different guys stepping up. And now,
granted, they got a couple that are doing it consistent,
but just to get impact
player, I mean, just to get impact from players who you don't necessarily think
you're going to get it from every night, it makes a huge difference,
and that's why the guy's a good coach.
He gets a lot out of all of his players.
That's what they've always said since he started behind the bench.
Right now, the Canucks, they're probably looking full,
probably not looking to add anybody, but everyone knows that hiring is challenging,
but there's one place you can go where hiring is simple, fast, and smart. In growing businesses, connect to qualified
candidates, and that's ZipRecruiter. Cafe Altura's COO, Dylan Miskowitz, experienced how challenging
hiring can be after unsuccessfully searching for a director of coffee for his organic coffee
company. But then he switched to ZipRecruiter and saw an immediate difference. And you can too by signing up for free at ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you, it finds them for you.
And its technology identifies people with the right experience
and invites them to apply to your job so you get qualified candidates faster.
In fact, after posting his job to ZipRecruiter,
Dilling said he was amazed by how quickly great candidates were applying,
and he found his new director of coffee in just a few days.
And with results like that, it's no wonder four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
See why ZipRecruiter is effective for businesses of all sizes.
Try ZipRecruiter for free at our web address, ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Chicklets, that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
All right, boys, shifting back to the ice,
we got to talk about Ovechkin.
I feel like we're going to be doing this a lot as long as he's chasing this
record.
First off, we got to call out NHL.com.
They've got some fucking serious issues.
They actually gave out a tie for a final score the other night
between Pittsburgh and Philly.
It's 2020.
There hasn't been a tie in the NHL in 16 years.
They gave out a fucking tie for a final score.
And they also gave out caps for a three-final in Ottawa,
which is not only bad in a general sense,
but if you were playing the puck line, either side,
you either think you won or lost the fucking game.
It's the scoreboard.
You got to get the fucking scores right.
And particularly the second, I'm sorry, the empty netter by the Capitals,
it was scored by Ovechkin, and he passed Marc Messier.
It's just a bad look for NHL.com to not have that info up to date.
But going back to Ovi, he did pass Marc Messier.
He had a fucking five
game goal scoring streak when he had 11 goals he's currently eighth overall I mean you know again
we're going to be talking about Ovi for the next couple years next up number seven with 708 goals
one of the most consistent scorers throughout the 80s and 90s Mike Gartner
Whit let's go to you Ovi I feel like this is a weekly thing, but that's what you do at Legends.
That's what it's turning into.
We've got to figure out.
All right, do you have the sheet right in front of you
of who he's chasing down after Gartner?
Who can he get this year, say, if he gets 20 more?
Gartner's pretty much, I think, the only one he can get this year.
Okay, well, either 20 more isn't a lot to ask.
He could lead the league at scoring, and it's just incredible.
We've said it since this thing began four years ago,
just how much of a joy he is to watch.
I got a real kick out of it.
I think it was Iserman's quote when he passed him that after seeing your
I don't remember exactly, but he's after seeing your Stanley Cup celebration,
I really want to be invited to the party if you break Gretzky's record.
So I think people know how fun of a guy he is to hang out and watch play,
and it just keeps getting better and better.
The names that he's passing,
by the way,
I think Grinnell,
you put one of those clipboards up of like,
we're watching a legend and people were all over me.
Like,
dude,
obviously I know what I'm saying.
It's just like,
like when I'm saying it,
I know it's an obvious statement.
Grinnell,
you're really putting it on the quote board.
Fuck me a little,
but like,
relax with the comments.
Thanks, Whit. Thanks, Captain Obvious.
Yeah, no shit. What am I, just not going to say it, though?
We're watching a legend. Lay off me.
Well, then when you don't say it, everyone's like,
why aren't you talking about Ovechkin, Whit?
Why aren't you talking about witness in history?
What am I supposed to say that you don't know about him?
You know he crosses the sauces.
You know he throws big hits.
You know he takes one-timers from the top of the circle.
I can't give you info on him that you don't know.
So calling me Captain Obvious makes me want to give the less info,
the other side of it.
I'll give you nothing.
We know he swipes Putin's credit card.
You know that too.
You know he's probably hawking the gas when he's back home.
And he does have 29 games left this season.
Like I said, he's 13 behind Mike Godwin, and he's 22 behind Phil Esposito.
So if he went on a real heater, he could potentially pass Phil
and go to number six.
He scores some sick empty netters.
And you want to score a lot of goals.
When you get the chance to bury an empty netter, you got to bury one.
He walks, guys. He ends up
scoring some pretty nice
goals considering there's no goalie
in the net. Usually, those don't get
shown on the highlights, but when it's over, you're seeing
it. I did mention
Mike Gottin is up next. He's got
some unreal stats, dude. He played 19
NHL seasons. He scored at
least 32 goals in
17 out of his 19 seasons.
And the only two seasons he didn't, one was a lockout year,
and one was his final season in the league when he was 38.
Imagine 17 out of 19, at least 32 fucking goals.
I think he won fastest skater a bunch, too.
Dude could buzz.
Had some fucking serious wheels.
One of the funnier things we saw over the weekend,
how about Sid's buddies from Nova Scotia showing up at the game
dressed up as actual Penguins? And, of course, who gets the overtime game winner? One of the funnier things we saw over the weekend. How about Sid's buddies from Nova Scotia showing up at the game
dressed up as actual Penguins?
And, of course, who gets the overtime game winner but fucking Sid?
Hilarious story.
Oh, I didn't know those were his buddies.
I just sent the retweet out because I thought it was funny.
Oh, those are all his buddies he grew up with back in Cole Harbor, Nova Scotia.
Yeah, I didn't read into that.
And I'm like, man, that's weird for Sid to turn around,
take a picture during warm-up. So that's what drew it in. Okay. Yeah, it was't read into that. And I'm like, man, that's weird for Sid to turn around, take a picture during warm-up.
So that's what drew it in.
Okay.
Yeah, it was pretty funny stuff, man.
I thought it was a fucking riot.
You saw that, right?
Yeah, I did.
I was dying.
We must have hung out with a couple of those guys when we were up in Hollywood.
Yeah, I was thinking the same thing.
I'm sure we probably met a couple of them.
And now on to business favorite part of the show,
guys reaching 1,000 games.
We like to acknowledge these guys.
Saturday night in Detroit, Red Wing forward Valtteri Filippola
played in his 1,000th game with the organization he broke in with 15 years ago.
The smart two-way Filippola is the eighth Finn to play 1,000 games in the NHL.
And what's funny about this wit is, like,
you only need to know the Finn's first name to know who we're talking about
for the most games ever.
Teemu,
Teppo,
Yari,
Oli,
Saku,
Kimo,
Akimo,
and Miko.
Basically,
you don't even need to know their last names if you've been following
hockey.
And interestingly,
when he debuted for the wings back in December of 05,
he was the first Finn to ever play for the Red Wings in 2005.
I would have lost that.
Really? Yeah. Get out of here. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. 2005 he was the first finn to ever play for the red wings in 2005 i would have lost that really
yeah get out of here yeah yeah wow first ever finished player that must have a team with the
ted european flair for a long time well then again the russians and fins don't exactly like each other
so i don't know maybe that had something to do with it where they had all those russians for so
long oh i didn't know that history either what's what's the beef there no mostly border stuff they
share a border and uh russia tried to bully finland a few times and film was like no we
ain't playing that okay all right good for finland for standing up for themselves uh
fuck dude i feel like there's been 25 000 game ceremonies so far this year and we talked about
this age group when they were drafted all of a sudden all, all of them, it was a very strong draft.
So all of them are hitting their game.
So congratulations to him.
Who was the other one again?
I'm forgetting.
Alex Steen.
And this was actually really cool.
Saturday night, Alex Steen's 1,000th game.
It took place in Winnipeg.
And that's the city he was born in and where his dad became a legend
and his numbers retired.
The Winnipeg Jets, the original ones, they only retired two numbers, Bobby Hull's number and Thomas Steen's number. So for him to have this 1,000th game The Winnipeg Jets, the original ones, they only retired two
numbers, Bobby Hull's number and Thomas Steen's number. So for him to have this 1,000th game in
Winnipeg, it was a pretty special moment for him for sure. Whit, I'm sure you caught that clip.
Yeah, I kind of wanted to go back quick just to Fibula because I know him from our golf trips.
He comes on that one every other year to Europe. So I'll see him this year. Enormous. I mean,
this guy, he was like a 10 handicap. He's shooting
one over now. Complete stick. He was a
sandbagger for a while. Give him a lot of credit.
But both these players,
they actually remind me of each other. And when I
say that, I think of just like the utmost
professionalism in both of them.
Just showing up, doing your job,
doing it with a lot of passion,
and basically never being outworked.
Both of those guys. I actually think Grinnelli, look it up right now.
I bet you their career points are within a hundred of each other.
It seems like they kind of played similar games.
And I'll tell you, Philpula, when we lost the cup,
then I got traded and the Penguins won the cup.
Yeah, well, when we lost the cup,
he scored one of the nastiest goals of the playoffs in the finals.
Me and LeTang were on the ice.
I think if you YouTube it or Google it, it's just he was flying through the air. He beat one of the nastiest goals of the playoffs in the finals. Me and LeTang were on the ice. I think if you YouTube it or Google it,
it's just he was flying through the air.
He beat one of us wide.
I don't remember.
But the fact that he was on a fourth-line team
when Detroit did win the Stanley Cup,
you understand how good they were
because both these guys and then going to Steen.
I mean, we've talked a million times
about when we were at the Blues camp
of what everyone kind of,
how he was looked at by everyone
in terms of just the leader.
Like everyone spoke so highly of him.
His teammates love him.
He's done it in a wild way considering Toronto made a horrific trade
getting rid of him.
And to see what he's done with the Blues since has been awesome.
But both guys deserve to play 1,000 games because they've approached
their careers with basically no other way other than outworking everyone else.
And when you look at it that way with skill,
you're going to be a top-level player.
And that's what they both have been for a long time.
There was a few media members that were upset because after the game,
Steen, it was reported that he was going to talk to the media.
Then he canceled it.
His reasoning was, I just don't really want much more attention from it. You
know, we got a goal here and it's, it's, it's about the team. And, you know, I thought that
was pretty noble of them to, to, you know, to deflect all the attention and just be like, Hey,
and another thing is that they didn't play very well and they got beat five, two in Winnipeg,
very special moment, left it at that. So I think like sometimes the media just need to lay off
guys because if they just don't want that attention,
they don't want that attention.
So Steen has 600 and 20 points, and Filippula has 511.
Oh, more than 100.
Another quick note, too.
When Alex Steen scored his first goal back in 2005,
it was the first time that a Swedish father and his son both scored an NHL goal.
So he's part of history there, too, as well.
Biz, you had mentioned Mark Edward Vlasic.
He played his 1,000th back in December.
Well, he got his silver stick the other night.
And apparently during the tribute, Doug Wilson said that there have been
nearly 8,000 players in NHL history.
So I went and poked around.
And per NHL.comcom under games played with,
there are 7,169 skaters and 808 goalies listed. So 7,977 players in NHL history per NHL.com.
What did I say? I think you guessed 7,000 because I guessed way high. I way overbid price of one.
I said about half of that. I thought it was under 5 000 but i think
the stat was over 100 games because i think to solidify you get one game it doesn't well i'm
no that's what one minimum one game played the number i just gave yeah that's a minimum one
game played that was just under 8 000 guys and no but it's busy are you saying you thought it
was 5 000 because you were thinking thinking it was guys that played 100?
I think when I talk to somebody, we use the 100 number
as how many guys have actually played.
I mean, I would say that if you had an NHL career,
you got to play, what, three, four years?
I don't know, man.
To say, like, I had an NHL career,
if you didn't play, yeah, three full seasons,
because if you played two years and seven or eight years in the minors in Europe,
you can't really go on and say I had an NHL career.
You made it to the NHL, but it wasn't really how you made the majority of your career.
You can't.
I mean, like, listen, you know how many people got ruined by Internet?
Imagine how many guys used to have NHL careers before HockeyDB and Elite Prospects.
Yeah, I played four years.
It was a good run.
A bunch of goals, a couple fights.
Yeah, it was good.
It was great in the road, great in the room.
HockeyDB invented.
This guy has now never been seen or heard from again.
Before the internet, you could, yeah, you could just tell girls.
You could go down south and be like, yeah, I play in the NHL.
Yeah.
Oh, you see these tattoos?
Yeah, I get them for every goal I get.
I have 267 tattoos, 267 NHL goals.
It's been a good run.
She's like, who'd you play for growing up?
Just doesn't even give her an answer.
Says, look behind you.
Have you ever told a girl that you were an actor?
No.
That's one thing about me when I was back in my single days.
I never lied.
I was never a bullshitter.
I just fucking let it all hang out there.
Hey, actually, Biz, we didn't even talk about Infinite Dangles yet.
We kind of buried the lead.
Oh, man.
You're a short.
That was rough.
That was literally the first.
I didn't have any warm-up.
Literally the first time I ever did a figure eight ever with a puck.
And I didn't take two because time was of the essence.
I said, I'm not going to be great either way.
Let's just go with the first.
Well, let's be honest.
What would have taken two, man?
You think it would have been that much different?
That too.
God bless you, man.
You're giving it a shot.
I love it.
But fuck, man. It looked. You might be a righty.
That's what a lot of people said.
Just give the other curve a try.
Yeah.
No, I've made no secret over the years.
What hand do you write with?
I'm a righty.
I write with my right hand.
When I do hit a golf ball, I'm a righty there.
The only two things I do, lefty are hockey stick and fucking rub and tug.
That's about the only two TMI there.
But no, I mean, I've been open about it over the years between the blog and the podcast.
I'm not a fucking skilled hockey player.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
I should tell everyone, too, that I'm a crazy ambidextrous type person,
whereas I was a pitcher and I pitched lefty,
and when I throw a football, I throw it righty.
So wild stuff in my life.
If you know which way I'm coming at, you'd never really be able to guess
because it's always different depending on the sport.
I can fire a football righty and then just seam in a fastball
on the black lefty.
Think about that.
But can you throw a football in your left decent?
I can throw it far, but without a spiral.
I can't get a spiral on it.
And I throw, like, tight spirals with the right.
No wounded ducks.
That's crazy.
Plus, when Biz tags you in, man, I was like,
I wasn't going to leave Biz hanging.
Obviously, it was cool to be.
Oh, yeah, you had to do it.
Oh, it was better off you did it. I mean, when I saw the video, it had a lot of views.
How many views does that have?
It was like 1.50 when I last checked.
150,000, right?
Yeah, mostly getting sued.
But also, too, I broke out the new wheels the other day.
Thanks to everybody, by the way, who offered to let me play in all their beer leagues.
But I'm not even, like, fucking at that level.
Like, I just want to get my legs underneath me.
But I actually invented my own drill biz.
I call it the puck line Jesus.
I would just shoot from one end to the other and try to fucking get an empty net out and then just skate down the other end, shoot it back down, fucking try to hit an empty net out.
Okay, yeah.
So I had a little bag skate.
Keep myself busy.
But all right, boys, I think we should send it over to the Kachuks right about now.
Dad Keith and sons Matthew and Brady, his two all-star sons.
This is a blast. So without further ado, the Kachuks right about now. Dad Keith and sons Matthew and Brady, his two all-star sons. This is a blast, so
without further ado, the Kachuk
clan.
Alright, our next guest
I'm honored to bring in. This is an old
pal of mine. We've known each other since we were in the womb,
Keith Kachuk, but you are the proudest
dad in the world right now. You're here with your two all-star
sons, Brady of the Ottawa Senators
and the impish Matthew of the Calgary
Flames. How proud are you right now?
It's great. It's awesome, bud.
To be able to do this
in their hometown where they grew up,
in the rink they went to see the Blues play,
myself play,
it's great. I'm happy for them.
They've earned it, even though Freddie was
a fill-in. Matthew, you got voted in.
Your first or second All-Star?
Yeah, that's my first. You've been in the news a little bit lately in the NHL. No suspension. Obviously, you got voted in. This is your first or second All-Star? Yeah, this is my first, yeah. You've been in the news a little bit
lately in the NHL.
No suspension. Obviously, you're not
going to do any skills competition with those hands.
Talking or holding
his phone. Can somebody win some sense talk right now?
Well, no. All right.
I was more
going to wait to get into that. I first wanted to
get into you getting voted in. How did you
find out? What was the news there? Because you
were coming home anyways, I was told. Yeah,
so Funny Story is actually at
Senior Frogs in Nassau. You were
in one when you found out. Did you get a bonus for being in the
All-Star game? Oh, what a
boy. I got the bell, guys.
He won't even split the... He doesn't
even want to split the box with me or the suite with me.
I go, 212? Are you kidding me?
Hey, they just got off
the family and the kachuk family gift card so don't kill don't lie boys you guys have had the
full rides uh since you were born but now you're taking care of the fam that's great so you got a
suite all set up there'll be what there has to be at least 50 people coming for you guys well i think
the people we know right now like the family there's i think you can fill it up to 20 people
in the suite so we'll have 20 people we know but But we've got a little party at our place on Saturday.
So we've got a good weekend ahead of us.
And there's going to be around 50 people that we know that are going to be there.
Just that we know of.
If you're Falkers, what could be better?
That smell is our shit, Falker.
What about events for the all-star competition?
We are in the same one right now,
and we don't really know for sure what we're doing,
but we have a good idea, a decent idea of what we think we're doing.
Kachuk versus Kachuk.
Well, kind of like the other night.
You guys just pounding drinks, racing dads.
Kind of like the other night, you guys had that special moment where Wes McCauley ended up kicking out the two centermen.
You guys could take the draw against each other.
I'm pretty sure, Matthew, you gave him a little whack
or a cross check in the back after you'd snapped back.
I told Wes I loved the first year we did it,
first game against each other, never played against him.
I loved the opening draw.
I thought that was great.
I had zero chance of winning it offside.
I'm a winger.
He's a two-way guy, whatever.
And so I knew I wasn't going to win it.
And so this year I was right wing, he's left wing.
So we're standing right next to each other.
I still think it's great.
Even though we weren't taking the draw, we're by each other.
It's awesome.
Get a picture.
And then Wes gives the two hands out.
Put the mic up closer, buddy.
Mic closer.
Mic's going to be close.
Wes gives the two hands out.
And you could see my head go right down.
I'm like, fuck, I don't want to do it again.
And he goes, get in here.
Take it against your brother.
And he just snapped it back at me.
I was so pissed.
I could tell you gave him the jab.
I know.
It actually rode up him a little bit, too, a little close to the chin.
Imagine taking a suspension if you got caught on your brother.
That would have been embarrassing.
Not surprised, but that would have been embarrassing. Your mom's like, you lost money, and you hurt your brother. That would have been embarrassing. Not surprised, but that would have been embarrassing.
Your mom's like, you lost money and you hurt your brother.
What the fuck?
Do you guys text and tell before the game?
Do you guys keep in touch a lot on the road?
Yeah, I think, well, not much when we play one another,
but I think, I'm sorry, testing one, two, testing, testing,
testing one, two, three, four.
Walter, Walter.
Yeah, Walter.
Yeah, so I think whenever we have a chance to talk, we try our best.
But, you know, with a couple of news recently,
we talked a lot about that.
But just nice catching up and seeing what they're doing too.
Well, Walt, I guess I'll ask you.
Sorry, I'm busy.
I'm fine if I jump in here.
Seriously, how much fun did you have?
You sound like...
Like Messy Marvin.
That's a little Messy Marvin.
Dudley Moore from Arthur over here.
What's going on here?
My son has marbles in his mouth.
Like, whatever.
How many margaritas?
Sharpen up.
You got a big tilt tomorrow.
Sorry, boys.
Oh, no, I was going to ask you as a father.
I mean, of course, the headlines and all the news lately,
you taught these boys to play a certain way of old-school hockey.
Is it hard for you to see your kids in the limelight
and all of a sudden they become, I wouldn't say a negative focus
with everything that went down, but just maybe hearing varying opinions on it?
Yeah, it's a great question.
It's difficult.
At the end of the day, I'm still their dad,
and it's difficult on us to hear, you know, stuff when they play hard and they play maybe on that line.
And what people don't know about them is it's sad because they're skilled, you know, and that gets overlooked because of some of the competitive stuff they do, whether it's right or wrong in some people's eyes.
But at least I know they're coming to play and they're going to impact the game somehow. Now,
stuff happens, you know,
but it's difficult to read some
of this stuff. I'm not going to lie.
It's more difficult with my wife because she's
still a mom and that's their little boys.
And if she read it, or even when you read it, you're
playing like, I don't give a shit. My husband,
I don't care. But to see it with your kids, no matter what,
you don't care if you consider
him wrong. You're like, that's my son you're talking about.
Yeah, and I do enough of parenting when I'm home with them that I tell them they're nitwits or idiots.
I thought my name was nitwit growing up because that's how my dad called me.
Well, Brady, I got one for you.
There was an incident this year against the Philadelphia Flyers where I assume you thought one of the Flyers guys took a liberty
or said something to your bench after a goal,
and towards the end of the game, I think it was out of reach,
and you just went after him.
You're trying to set that tone and create that culture in Ottawa
and maybe run by the situation and how it all went down.
Yeah, well, I think he scored a goal, I think, with four minutes left,
and as he was kind of going through the
train he chirped our bench
so I thought that's
kind of just disrespectful to
us and I think with our
team we just stick
together and I was
20 something seconds left and
maybe could have waited a little bit but I thought
I saw you was changing so I guess it's my time
That's why they love him now
That's why they love him now.
That's why they love him in Ottawa.
But I asked him to go, and I guess I'm stirring the pot now,
but yeah, I guess he didn't want to,
but he gave him a crowd check, he went down,
and Brady's like, you want to go?
He's like, he didn't say no. He's like, well, that was.3 seconds after you asked him.
But right now, obviously, it's a rebuilding time in Ottawa,
and I think those are the things that fans see that know
that's what will get the Senators to the next level,
is caring for one another.
And you may be beating us, but you're not going to show us up.
So I think that's why you are a fan favorite, let alone your skill.
But when you watch your brother play,
and they're a team that's competing for the Stanley Cup this year, right?
You think, Calgary, we can get it done.
It must be tough.
You're like, I want this team to improve so bad that
on some nights it can be tough to deal with like the losing yeah i mean no one likes to lose so um
no there's a lot of games that were right there and then um no just we've gotten so much better
even this year and it's surprised a lot of people yeah so i think especially with our group we have
we have a lot of fun we got a great crew and um you know we come to the rank every day and just have fun and um no it's been it's
been fun but yeah it's uh um the winning's gonna come but no i feel like we've definitely gotten
better and they've got they've got good young players like they pounded us the other night
like they've got good guys that they work hard they're they're not fun they're not fun to play
against because you go in there and you know they're gonna work hard you know they're really
well coached.
What the hell are you?
He's a future podcast host, I think.
This is such an act.
Hey, I fucking think he knows what he's talking about.
He's never this nice to his brother.
I'm not talking about him.
I'm talking about his team.
They're going to be better.
They work hard.
They're not fun to play against now.
So if they get some guys in the next few years, they could be good.
I know they pounded you because I had the flames that night.
Thanks for nothing.
The Shabbat kid is filthy.
He's going to be just one of those next level D.
But I got to ask you, right? We did talk about the news and a crazy night.
I talked a lot about how it was so exciting for the game,
like the emotion in that game and the Battle of Alberta being back.
Your quote, I think, made a lot of sense to a ton of people,
especially Flames fans.
Like, I ran him over.
He wants to do that.
We'll take the power play.
We'll take the win.
So when you're talking about that, like to you it seemed pretty easy.
Why would I fight him?
Well, I think that I wish.
Is that fair?
No, I just wish that.
I guess the one thing I'll say just about everything is I wish that I didn't say anything in the media
I wish I honestly I wish I just
I take back maybe not take back but I just wish I just left just play on the ice
You know do all the talk and I wish I even though that makes you who you are
emotional game, but but it's it's um, we all it's a big in and
It's all about the escrow boy
We all love that. It's a big in.
It's all about the escrow, boy.
It's a show.
Binnington was here.
He goes, this is a show, our league.
But the only thing I want people to know is we still,
we're in such a huge race right now.
Like in our division, I've never, like it's absolutely insane
how there's five teams within one point,
all within the same amount of games.
Like every night's so important.
And the one thing I want to tell people is everybody looks
I don't read Twitter, and my mom and dad do,
and that's why they get bothered by everything.
Oh, look at him, Brent.
He's shaking over there.
You don't have to explain yourself to anybody.
No, but I know I don't, but I think the one thing that I want to tell people
is we are in such a big race.
Like we have one game against the Blues, the defending cup champs,
and today's junior but uh we uh i can't wait to go to high school billy against the uh against the defending cup champs and nobody's talking about that only people talk about uh the um the
rivalry games but what i want to tell people is i i we go into each game playing the same way and do
whatever it takes to win.
So that's what I tell people is you got to do anything in your power to win.
And we're here for a reason.
We're skilled players and we, you know, produce offense for a team.
And we try to lead by that.
But also there's, you guys know there's nights where maybe you don't feel as great.
You know, maybe you're having not as much puck luck and um you have to play physical as well and i mean i know there's a handful of games every
every season where i go in and i'm just like uh no well that's one of the quotes that i was
the whole hockey world
he's just like the quote that stood out to me was the fact that you're you're so self-aware and the
fact and such a good team guy, whereas you said that.
You said some nights you just don't have it offensively
where I need to find another way to impact this game.
And you do what you do.
You end up drawing that penalty.
And I said even on the podcast,
I would want both those guys on my team any day of the week
because that's how you have to fucking play in order to win championships.
And it's been happening the last few years.
You see a team like St. Louis, and you witnessed firsthand, Walt.
We bullied every team.
They fucking bullied everybody.
The game has not fucking changed.
Let's get back to that.
I think one thing, Matt, people don't understand too,
which I don't really care.
Matthew does things what people don't see
is to take pressure off some of the other guys.
So if Matthew is going out
doing his thing, you know what?
The other team is more concerned about him
instead of Johnny and Monty
and Linholm, Backlund.
And that's the reason why he does it.
He does it because he gets himself in the
game and they both do it. Brady's still young.
He's still learning the game. And to get back
about after you score goals, I hate when guys go down the train. both do it. Brady's still young. He's still learning the game. And to get back about after you score goals, I hate
when guys go down the train. I hate it.
I never did it. When did that start?
And when guys would come down the train, I would
take my hand back. I think it's terrible.
When you were in the league though, that was going on?
So it's been a long time. I wouldn't do it.
I didn't like it. The coach would get mad at me.
But I just don't like when guys escape by
the bench. It's just, pretend like you
know what you're doing. Do it again.
Act like you've been there before type of thing.
I didn't know you were going to actually correct me.
I thought I'd be one of these guys.
They're not going to sing for us, are you, Sammy?
Going into the psychological aspect of that,
being still a young player in the league,
does that add pressure to you,
or do you actually love that,
taking that attention away from your teammates?
I'm not attention. I don't care honestly but i think what me and brady both make sure we do is at the end of each day or at the end of each season you have to look at yourself
in the mirror and be like did you compete and were you a good teammate and that's what my dad told
us since we were early that's the only two things he said to us growing up like he didn't say you
know shoot the pot.
Nothing like that.
It was compete and be a good teammate and you'll be all right.
And as long as we can look at ourselves and be the best teammates possible,
we did our job.
You're like De Niro in Goodfellas, huh?
Pretty nice by the Godfather.
I'd like to ask Brady about a teammate. He's 20 feet away.
I want to ask you about Anthony Duclair, who's been having a stellar season
and, you know, a guy maybe who got rode off by by a lot of teams and and I mean the quote from Tortorella that came out recently
uh but just talk about him and in the year he's having well he's having an unbelievable year and
he deserves you know all the accolades he's getting and being here he's had he's had no such
a great start to the year and he's so fun to play with. He's so skilled, and if there's ever a scrum, he's right in there too.
He's a great guy off the ice as well.
He can wheel.
He can wheel.
Yeah, he is jets.
What, off the ice or on the ice, Walt?
Well, I don't know about off the ice.
That's a good one.
Biz Tio's wheel, it ain't about the speed on the skate.
I saw a great picture of an all-star game, Big Wall's playing,
and you guys are sitting on the boards in the jersey.
One, where was that?
Two, I could tell you had the hip flexor stretch going after probably 30 beers.
He was going the fastest skater.
What was that game?
Minnesota.
Was that the one time that they were all  or did you make a couple different games?
Yeah, well, that was the first one that they were actually old enough to do it.
And just to bring them on the ice was awesome.
And then we did it again in, I don't know what year, maybe 09.
So we were old.
09.
I had no idea where they were half the time.
They were taking pictures with guys.
They were down in the locker room on the bench.
I didn't know where they were for three hours.
They're like, Dad, how'd you get in this game this year?
This is unbelievable. They didn't know what they were for three hours. They're like, Dad, how'd you get in this game this year? This is unbelievable.
They didn't give a shit about Dad.
They wanted to go sit next to Pat Kane and Ovechkin and take pictures.
We got tons of pictures of all that.
That was one thing my wife said, make sure you boys take pictures.
Brady, I probably see more Senators games than anyone in Boston.
As your dad knows, I like a game a chance or two.
But you guys, I like this.
You play your balls off every night.
How much has D.J. Smith meant to the team?
He's been awesome for us.
He's kind of changed almost the culture.
Our goal and our mindset is just outwork the other team
and give ourselves a chance and stick together.
There's been some incidences where things haven't gone our way
and we've stuck together
and we always persevere.
And I think our mindset is we're never out of a game
and we're going to just keep hitting, keep trying to get goals.
They're fun to watch.
Yeah.
I'm tired.
They are fun.
I wish I played with DJ Smith.
He seems like a really good guy.
He's good at what he does.
The guys love playing for him.
They go through a wall for him.
And they're a bunch of guys who are playing for jobs.
And they come to play every game.
You know, sometimes they just get out talented.
But you know what?
There were two games under.500 before that little bit of slide for the last three weeks.
So they've done a good job.
And they've got some good quality players, good quality people there.
Yeah, fun team to watch for sure.
Oh, I was going to ask about Calgary. Obviously, the coaching change was one thing i was gonna ask about about calgary obviously the
coaching change was one thing i want to ask about you guys do that you end up going on a nice little
stretch of games there and then uh anderson ends up getting that contract extension i haven't had
the chance to watch him play much um from what i have seen seems like a solid top four defenseman
maybe just give people who haven't got a chance to see him play maybe a deeper dive into what he
brings to your team.
Well, I think he's awesome.
I think he's really, really good, and I'm happy for him.
This is only, I think, his second full season,
and he's starting to prove to everybody he's a guy who can play up and down.
We have guys that are older and kind of an older decor, I would say.
We have Gio Brods and Hammer. Gio's my age. decor, I would say. We have Geo, Broads, and Hammer.
Geo's my age.
Yeah, he's great.
But I think we have a very veteran decor, and they're all good players.
I think we have one of the best decors in the league, in my opinion.
So he can play up with Geo sometimes, which he has parts of this year,
and then he can just play up and down.
He's a power play guy.
Just such a great puck mover.
He's got that toughness to him
too where he doesn't like back down from anybody too and i love that like he's he's right in there
all the time he um he loves a chirp and i i love it because he's when hit whenever he's doing that
you know he's engaged you know he's into it and um he's one of the guys who brings it every night
but um great contract for him cha-ching i was happy for him. And it kind of caught me off guard.
You know when you hear about guys, you hear about it,
and from the team that were close to signing him,
he's talking about it might be signing extension.
I knew nothing about it.
So you just woke up and signed it.
I'm at home, and I just see on Instagram,
Rasmus Andersen signs whatever, seven-year extension, six-year extension.
I'm like, oh, my God, and 30 sheets later.
So we're good.
And then coming up what, July 1st, you can start talking or you?
I haven't even thought about it.
Okay.
Oh, that's a fucking player that plays in Canada right now.
I know it's sand coming out of his ears.
Senor Frogs.
He's like, I'm at the All-Star game.
I'm at home town here.
Care for my contract? The All-Star game I'm at home town here care about my contract
the All-Star game
doesn't hurt it though
no
you were known
for having a few
contract squabbles
in your day
what kind of advice
have you given these guys
about such matters
you know what
it's a little different time
than when I grew up
you can get away with it
and say
you know
what's that quote
that movie quote
from Pauly
from
from Goodfellas
you late with the bill
F you pay me
you know
I probably didn't handle it the right way but
you know I just you know
roll the dice put the gun to the head
you know it probably wasn't the best thing to do
but yeah I would probably handle
it differently but nowadays you know
it's a lot different you have certain criter criterias where you've got to get to.
And sometimes, I mean, Matthew is still at home.
Matthew should talk about his Ole Miss trip with me, Chantel,
and friends of ours.
We went down and watched an Ole Miss football game.
But I don't know where I was going.
Oh, the Grove?
The Grove.
The Grove.
Midway through camp.
Whatever.
Midway through the hole, though.
He went through a contract squabble, but everything worked out.
But it's hard now.
But now these guys are getting paid.
The comps are so big now.
It's crazy, but there's so much money out there for these guys to make.
And I love where the game is heading.
They're great players, but they're getting it at a lot of younger age compared to when we played.
Yeah.
You had to establish yourself until you were late 20s before you got the big, big payday.
Yeah, and then they told you you were starting to fucking fade by the time you were starting to get paid.
Yeah, just keep on rocking, buddy.
Keep on rocking.
Play better.
On nights these guys are playing, now granted one's on Mountain Time in Calgary,
but say they're the same time, how do you decide which one you're watching
or at least which one you got the volume going for?
You know what?
Funny story with the last time, the Leafs.
What happened?
We played same time and the coaches caught you with your watching on the phone.
Oh, yeah.
Huge glass of red wine.
Jack Capiano loved it the next day.
Brady had a couple bad shifts.
I was in the stands in Ottawa, so I'm like, screw this.
Matthew's playing.
I'll watch him for a little bit.
Just ride the wave.
No loyalty.
Third blue line turnover.
I'm watching my other kid.
At home, we're watching my wife and I, and if they're playing at the same time,
one of us will pull out the laptop.
And whoever's playing better, the team, we'll just flick on that.
That's perfect.
We never talked about Ward stepping in as coach.
I think he's done a great job so far.
G-off?
We've done a great job.
I thought it was golf.
Don't try to one-up me there, bud.
Fuck, let's go with G-off.
He just didn't have the E in there, but he still wanted to get a word up on you.
We reacted immediately to it. i think the best way possible it was uh
i don't want to get into it but it was a weird it was a weird time it was just weird with everything
happening and um just it's crazy how that was this year it feels like it was like that whole process
was so long ago but anyways um we came in and when he or when he came in we we honestly just
played started playing simple and like we started off on the road at the end of a long road trip.
So we're like, we've got to get this win.
And we got it.
And then we came back home for three or four games, won those.
I think we pulled off seven or eight in a row.
And I think that helps you with a new coach,
no matter what the differences he had with Billy.
But it was a lot of the same things, but just having a new mind in there.
And when you're winning,
it's so much easier to adjust.
You're all boys. Yeah, everything's happy,
and it was such a great with a couple tough times,
or with a couple weeks of tough times, it was great
to have him come in and have...
It's almost like a fresh start.
It was a fresh...
Better lettuce than you, that's why you're pissed.
He looks phenomenal behind the bench.
He's a little guy.
I didn't realize how short he was.
Is he?
Yeah, nice guy, though.
I like him.
But he's been great, and our team's been playing well.
We put ourselves in a great spot from where we were.
We were struggling there for a while, and we were below 500 a lot,
and we were way out of the playoff picture, I think.
And now we're one point out of first. I look at it like that. Weoff picture i think and now we're one point out of
first i i look at it like that we're all right there but we're one point out of you and edmonton
had pretty much opposite like first half so it was crazy it was slow and then what about like
for at least for me growing up i after my games i text my dad like are you gonna call your dad
like is that the same for both you guys or yeah it depends on how we pull them
we don't talk after games because matthew suck. Hey, good girl. One and one.
We don't talk after games because Matthew's so late.
I go to bed early, believe it or not.
Brady, I swear to God.
Brady, Brady, you can't talk to him on game day.
It's like, really?
Yeah.
Who are you kidding? I'll text Matthew.
Hey, good luck.
I'll call him.
He'll answer.
Hey, what's up?
What's going on?
Brady's just nothing.
Yeah, same.
Keith, yeah.
But game day, won't text, won't call.
I'm like, dude, can you leave me the tickets you said?
Normally he'll send me a text after my games, and then he'll shut it down,
and then we'll talk the next day.
But normally I'd say after 90, 95 of the games we'll talk the next day,
no matter what it is.
I mean, let alone if your dad played in the NHL or not.
It's like he's been there the whole ride.
I'm tough with last names. Is it Barakovsky?
Robocop? Who you guys have
who ended up with
Vancouver?
Borovicky? Borowiskey?
Borowiskey? How do you say his name?
Borowicky. Borocop.
Borocop.
I still don't know.
Borowiecki? Yeah, I'm struggling.
Borowicki.
What about when he saved that? In Vancouver when he stopped the burglar. I still don't know. Borowiecki or something? Yeah, I'm struggling. It's Borowiecki.
What about when he saved that?
Were you going to ask him about when he stopped the burglar?
Vancouver.
We were at Cactus Club, so we weren't far away from Cactus Club.
Oh, yeah. I love that spot.
Best waitress is in the game.
You went there for the food, right?
Good food, then.
Moscow mules dialed in there, too.
Sorry.
No, all of a sudden
we get a text
and he took a picture
of the window
and the passports
he's like
I stopped a robbery
we're like
did a little double take
we had the day off
so it was the next day
we all
kind of coming in
a little sluggish
and we
then we got that real story
so it was
so it was pretty funny
he's a tough bastard
for a smaller guy
like he's tough
he's strong he's tough. He's strong.
He's real strong.
He's killed me a couple times already, like hard, hard.
Not like a heavy open ice either, just like a little, and you're like, oh, man.
I didn't think that would hurt that bad.
There goes your AC or like the wind knocked out of you.
Like that was a bump.
Now, one team I want to ask about, he's probably not as dominant as he used to be,
but he probably feels like having one of those case of emergency break glass in the lineup is Milan Lucic.
What does he provide as, like, leadership at this stage of his career?
Well, he's awesome.
And with us, we traded for a week to Buffalo a couple weeks ago, early January,
and now Lucic is the only guy who has the experience of winning a cup.
Right.
I think, unless it's off the top of my head.
But he's been on so many crazy runs, and him, the era and the lifestyle,
the Boston Bruins when he played there, just such a professional team,
you know what I mean?
And having guys like Bergeron and Char, just some of the stuff he talks about,
they were just a well run, and the players kind of, I wouldn't say policed everything,
but the players kind of coached everything.
They were a player's team and a bunch of older guys, veteran guys.
And he just tells great stories about that.
But on the ice, he's the toughest guy in the NHL, or at least right up there.
And he shows it each night.
Nobody really says too, too much with him out there.
And he's such a great guy, and I'm so happy we got him from Edmonton.
I can't believe they let him go for what he provides on and off the ice,
to be honest.
He's such a good dude, and I'm thankful we have him.
I'm starting to get to know him after the beginning of the year.
You get to know him throughout the year, and he's such a beauty.
He's awesome.
We've got to ask about Ronaldo as well.
They did the die job.
Are they kind of like the Bash brothers? They're
hanging out off the ice together now?
I actually have zero idea how that
came, but I just saw them both the next day
and they both had their hair dyed. I was like, oh,
we're doing
that. Still better salad
than you, though. Way better, yeah.
Actually, funny story,
I'm doing some great clips like tomorrow.
Me, I'm doing a great clip.
You should be doing like super cuts where you know you're going to get butchered.
I cannot believe the money these guys get for being at the All-Star game.
Ridiculous.
How about the money if you win?
Yeah.
What is it each guy?
100K?
100K.
So Brady said if we play each other in the final, he wants to split the pot.
Cheap bastard.
Oh, wow.
Insider trade.
You have confidence in your division, bro.
Absolutely.
Wow.
Phantom story from the older bro story.
He's got the best story.
He's got the storybook ending, I think.
You're in Bahamas on a Wednesday.
You get the call.
You win it.
You win the MVP.
We got John Scott Part II coming in.
Ready to fill in.
Now, you mentioned that bonus you get from Ottawa
for making the all-star
game because that's an entry-level contract correct or is that for every player no just
entry-level entry not for every player i think it's like a uh bone it's a high bonus yeah 212
you get drafted they have different bonuses okay so walt this one goes to you uh what's the craziest
bonus story that you've been around or or heard in your time
in the nhl oh man it was uh you always told me about that pavel dimitri pavel dimitri and scott
young like joel quinn was by far the best coach not even close the best and when you're getting
towards the end he would always ask the guys all right let me know who needs what or what and that's
when they used to get bonuses all the time so i don't know the exactly what happened but there was an empty net and like scotty young needed the goal
and pavel maybe needed the assist or something like that well what happened was i think i don't
know if scotty young missed they ended up giving like there was so he was trying to pass the puck
to scotty young he wouldn't do it himself he had the opportunity to shoot but he wouldn't try to
get the puck and i could be messing up the story,
but it was something similar with that, with Scottie
Young and Pavlov. I think you said Pavlov needed just a point,
right? And he had an empty net right there.
He was trying to get Scottie his point as well.
And whatever
happened, this would never happen with certain
owners. What they did was, so they didn't get
it, but they gave each
guy half or something like that. And that's
pretty cool. But that's pretty cool with Joel Quindle.
Like, alright, who needs that? Guys,
who's up for the bonuses?
Yeah, no shit.
Well, he did Tyson Nash. Tyson Nash
played like 27 minutes in a
National Hockey League game as a fourth liner.
Which is a crime, by the way.
Everybody wanted their money back.
Come on, boys!
He had to reimburse the fans for their
ticket prices.
My rookie year, we were terrible.
We finished 30th or 29th in Pittsburgh.
And last game of the year against Toronto, they started somebody else.
Threw in Fleury when we were down 3-0 for no reason.
He ended up making 17 saves.
It got him a million bucks.
So I don't even know if Terian.
I'm guessing Terian did know it.
But the owners at that time in Pittsburgh, remember the ownership? They were probably pissed. It was a million bucks. So I don't even know if Terian, I'm guessing Terian did know it, but the owners at that time in Pittsburgh,
we didn't,
I mean,
remember the ownership,
it was a million dollars.
Like I just remember after guys being like,
dude,
that got Flurry save percentage over whatever.
And he just made a million.
That's great.
That's great stuff.
It's the best.
I love,
I love,
and it doesn't happen with us anymore.
It's just like the entry level guys,
but my rookie year,
they always,
I think I needed one assistant the last four games and guys just kept,
that's all that were talking about.
We already clinched playoffs, and that's all the guys wanted.
I thought that was cool.
Did you get it?
I did last game.
But the guys cared way more about it than the coaches.
You guys made a couple bonuses last year.
Did you get all four?
Yeah, last year was all four, yeah.
You wouldn't know by the way you're spending.
You're going to get Chuck family gift card.
No chance.
He's splitting it with me now.
Hey, you had college pay for it, bro.
They didn't need to pay for your shit.
You took your own full ride.
Only to Anthony's late night.
Oh, that's right.
It's for you boys.
Oh, fuck yeah.
My picture's on that wall.
I got another two-parter.
They implemented the female three-on-three game.
And you guys have a sister who's a world-class field hockey player.
Yeah, field hockey.
And apparently she's the best athlete in the family.
By far.
Yeah, going to Virginia.
She got one more year of high school, going to Virginia.
I'd love to see her with a pair of skates.
So she's going to be a Cavalier?
Cavalier.
They got a great program there.
They were in the Final Four last year, ACC.
That's sick.
She has one more year of high school, then she goes.
So it was probably a lot of schools recruiting her.
Yeah, it was pretty cool.
It was cool.
It was a little different from the guys, you know.
But it was awesome.
Another place that's tough to get to, like Calgary and Ottawa.
But, oh, well, we'll make it work.
Will she be attending the game tonight with the females?
Is it tonight they're playing? No, it's tomorrow night. It's tomorrow night. I gave you shit straight back. Oh, yeah, sorry'll make it work. Will she be attending the game tonight with the females? Is it tonight they're playing?
No, it's tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night.
Get your shit straight, buddy.
Oh, yeah, sorry.
It's Thursday.
Oh, actually, tonight's the alumni game.
That's actually the only reason I asked.
Are you guys all going out there?
Are you guys all going out there?
Yeah, unfortunately, we've got to go for work.
I just said that on loud.
Yeah, we'll be out there.
Well, guys.
You guys have got to get Bobby Plager on.
He can tell some unbelievable stories.
His name's been brought up in...
I'm telling you, this guy has it all.
About hiding in the locker room when the police were looking for him,
like it's out of the movie Slapshot.
They were in Philly one time.
They couldn't find him.
He was in the closet.
I swear to God, he's unbelievable.
Awesome guy.
You guys got to get him on.
And I think we got to give props to your wife, Chantel,
mother of these boys.
I mean, she's got to be prouder than you, no?
I'm not taking it. You guys go ahead. I think I'd pour him first. What your wife, Chantel, mother of these boys. I mean, she's got to be prouder than you, no? I'm not taking it.
You guys go ahead.
I think I pour them first.
What's your problem?
She's great.
She has four children, so me included, obviously.
She does everything for us.
We do nothing.
So it's great to have her.
She loves her boys, and she'll do whatever it takes.
She can be a pain in my ass, but whatever.
She's awesome.
I love her.
She's so excited.
She's been running around the city trying to get everything ready.
The mayor.
Yeah, we're having some people.
We call her Julie McCoy from the Love Boat, the news director.
Swear to God.
Seriously, when we go on trips, she has everything mapped out.
Yeah, but imagine if she didn't.
You'd be like, what do I do?
Oh, bar's right there.
A different island. We'd be all messed up. We'd go on a cobble. No, we'd if she didn't, you'd be like, what do I do? Oh, bar's right there. A different island.
We'd be all messed up.
We'd go to Cabo. No, we'd end up in the Bahamas.
What the hell's going on here?
I thought we were going to Europe.
I need two luxury boxes for a regular season
game. So I can imagine an all-star game
in the hometown. The phone's probably ringing off the
hook, but it's been a pleasure, boys.
I'm proud of you. I know your dad's proud.
It's great having you on. Thanks for joining us.
I appreciate it. Also looking joining us. Appreciate it. It was a blast.
Also looking forward to the 29th, Edmonton and Calgary.
There's Matthew Kachuk billboards.
I'm sure you've seen those.
I'm looking more forward to the alumni game than I see biz.
That's my 29th game.
Oh, you like watching people tear their ACLs?
No, no, no.
Oh, no.
I got to stride like Beaver.
Huge thanks once again to my old pal Walt and his boys for coming on, man.
That was a lot of fun.
Like I said, he's an old school parent.
You don't see too many parents who are like him the old school way.
So it was pretty cool to catch up in person with.
Did you have fun doing that one?
Oh, it was a blast.
Love those guys.
Be you.
Two or three of them at least.
The other one got paid by London.
I love the fact that Big Walt
was like a second producer for me. He's telling
both his kids, keep that mic nice
and close. He's smacking them during it, so
it was helpful for me. Yeah, plus I think we
might have found someone who quotes more movies than I do.
I think they're also
a little more afraid of him when he tells them to
get their mic up than you, Mikey.
No pun intended.
Boys, it was vino time for the Rangers Saturday night.
As we know, Hank, when he gets a shutout, he hooks the boys up with a little vino.
But actually, I want to talk to you, Biz, about Panarin's celebration, dude.
He scored that nasty backhand against Detroit,
and then he does a fucking Brocklander's karate kick.
Have you ever seen one of those before?
It's been a tough year for Detroit. Just getting put on posters, just losing every goddamn game. He got really high with this
one boys. And I'm telling you, he better be careful. One time he might catch one of his
teammates right in the chin with his skate blade, but he's been doing this a little bit all year.
I don't know if he's doing on an every goal now, but especially on the fancy ones where I guess he does have some separation because he's blowing by guys.
This guy has been everything that they've expected and more.
Really happy for that team. And Hank, we talked about
Hank sticking around. Maybe in a couple years towards the end,
they're going to be able to make a run with all the assets they have right now.
I wish I saw what, what it was.
I didn't know what it was referencing or what the question,
but Lundquist had a quote where he's like,
I'll always feel like a New York Ranger.
Maybe it was him being asked about if he's ever going to get traded or I
don't know what's going on.
You know,
the talent they have coming up,
but Panarin has made that team,
I'm not going to say must watch,
but a lot of fun to watch.
Even talking to their coach,
he says the best player he's
ever coached and the stuff he does every single night i don't think it's surprising people who
watched him in chicago and columbus a lot but for everyone who wasn't aware that he was this good on
his own and if you weren't already you kind of weren't watching but it's it's it's obvious now
he's carried that team i boys you did mention rick from red deer earlier once again with but uh
how about duane from tonawanda up near buffalo new york gee you're gonna play a little clip of I was cautiously optimistic coming into this season
because I wasn't fully expecting playoffs,
but I was happy with the way the season started
because the competitiveness was there.
Last year was misery 100 after the 10-game streak.
It was absolute misery because the competitive and the passion was not there.
And it's been there.
And then they go out and lay an egg last night in front of me.
Of course, I was at the game.
First time I went to a game with my sister, by the way,
and she had to sit there through that.
And it's just mind-blowing.
And I don't need a jerry jones
type of owner like i need an owner who's gonna answer the fans when they misspell names on
jerseys and have chinese knockoffs on alumni like what is going on like what are we doing
like i don't understand it man like bulldog you you lived through this you've seen it like
have you ever been like have they ever sucked a passion out of you like they have me?
I've dedicated my life to hockey because of this team.
Like, I can't do it anymore, man.
Like, I'm seriously, for the first time, considering just not being able to even take it over this year.
Like, even when the team was terrible, Ted Black would come on the station and talk to fans and address concerns.
was terrible. Ted Black would come on the station and talk to fans
and address concerns. I don't need
a damn camera
in front of Terry Pagula
every single day, but address
our concerns. Be there
when you screw up. Answer
for the mistakes. Be accountable.
Dwayne
is not happy.
He makes some points where if you're a fan of
the Sabres, you kind of understand.
Listen, that guy, if you listen to the whole clip, the old jerseys,
the fact that the alumni had the jerseys,
he was just so disgusted by the lack of money spent on these jerseys
and the misspellings.
I mean, he makes good points.
And more than anything, it just shows how much people care.
True fans of teams.
I mean, imagine the phone calls to Edmonton Sports Radio
over the last 10 years.
It's people that live and die.
They almost care more than the players.
I've said this.
I know it sounds crazy to you, but you probably do.
And when you see and hear the passion that this guy has
for his life revolving around the Buffalo Sabres
and how much he loves this team
and their lack of success lately,
you almost feel bad for him.
I mean, Jesus, like, this guy is so verbally
and visually rattled that you can
feel his pain just listening to a phone call.
Yeah, as a former
radio call, sorry, Biz, as a former
guy who used to call in local
radio stations as a pissed off fan,
I love the passion, man. I mean, it just shows you
how frustrated they are in that area.
Biz, go ahead. I didn't mean to cut you off. Well, no, I don't
know if it happened before
or just after the Montreal game.
And I want to say that call happened before,
and then Jack Eichel comes out and he scores,
I believe, his 30th goal of the season already.
So this guy's on pace to getting close to 50,
if not over even over 50 a little bit.
And then three unanswered by the Montreal Canadians
and they lose another one so kind of falling back into that hole and I don't want to rip on the
Sabres too much but just maybe a little bit of a lack of passion like Dwayne said they had a they
did win overtime Eichel got the winner again uh against the Sabre against the Blue Jackets so was
the Montreal game the one before that i don't know it happened it happened
right around that time so that's why i was asking but nice of them to treat duane with a nice little
win there against the columbus blue jackets of course jack eichel i think that was his 31st of
the season so he's just been on fuego and we want to give our credit to wggr hey gg wggr 550 in
buffalo uh they're the ones who had that call from Dwayne.
Just an all-time call.
And I'm not sure what kind of duds Dwayne is sporting these days,
but he might want to give Indochino a whirl.
Because when you look good, you feel good.
And when you feel good, you crush those calls to sports radio
where you tear your team apart.
With Indochino, you get to choose from hundreds of high-quality suit fabrics
to pick the color, pattern, and weight you like best.
Your suit is made to your exact measurements, so you end up with a perfect fit for the shape
of your body. Indochino has showrooms across North America where one of their style guides
can take your measurements and walk you through the process. You can do it all from home at
Indochino.com. Right now, get an extra 30 off any purchase of 399 or more at Indochino.com
when entering chiclets at checkout.
Plus, shipping is free.
That's Indochino.com, promo code CHICLETS for 30 off your total purchase
of 399 or more.
You get high-quality custom suits for an off-the-rack price.
One other milestone we wanted to note as well,
General Manager David Poyle,
he became the winningest GM in league history
with win number 1507.
That's regular season and postseason combined.
Poyle's in his 37th season as a GM
in the National Hockey League.
So I know you guys know him pretty well, Biz.
Pretty impressive accomplishment for Poyle,
1,507 wins.
Guy's a rock star.
Keeps making these moves and shifting the lineup.
Mind you, they didn't have the best start to the season,
but he's proven himself.
And I can't imagine that team without him around.
No, it's been that long where you just think of the consistency
and he's kind of been behind it.
Now the question is this year, are they going to get into the the playoffs because this was supposed to be one of their top teams they've
ever had this year and so you know the coaching change and everything we'll see what happens but
it's it's it would be weird to think of prior to the year when we're talking about playoff teams
if someone had said nashville isn't getting in i don't think anyone would have bought that so
it's been weird but overall if you look at his career, congrats to him, what a run.
And it doesn't seem like he's been around that long,
but when you actually look when he first got into this league
and started working as a GM,
you realize that it's been what seems like forever.
And, I mean, just when he's moving guys at the perfect time,
mind you, I don't know how people
I would say for what they got out of pk suban
they might have got the better of that trade and then they end up moving him and bringing in matt
duchesne so just he's done some ballsy shit man and a lot of it he's been on the good side of so
congratulations to him uh well deserved and um really interested to see how things pan out for
that uh predators team moving forward here this year.
Yeah, one guy who's certainly been getting the job done is Roman Yossi.
He's got 51 points in 51 games with 14 goals, 37 assists.
He's certainly been getting it done.
Biz, the other thing that helps get it done for you too, DHM Detox, man.
All-star weekend.
We just finished up there.
And, you know, we might have been slugging a few pink Whitney's back.
Might have been struggling a little bit. But the old DHM Detox had us covered.
Biz, tell us what it does.
Oh, it's the all-natural hangover cure.
It breaks down the toxins of the alcohol before it hits your liver,
and the best part about it, as I said, it's all-natural.
It's an extract from a Chinese plant that does it.
Mind you, I love it.
I've given it to friends, and they're like,
what was
that thing you gave me last night and i send them the website no the other thing
yeah you can't say that during the ad you clown uh no but uh but i you know it's it's how it's
gonna your body's gonna react to it and i love it i've talked to a lot of people who also love it
i've also talked to some people who said they didn't really notice a difference.
I always double up.
I hammer it.
When I am drinking, mind you, I've been off for just over a month now,
but I was handing it out at the open.
People there said they tried it and love it, and I recommend it.
I stand behind it.
And, of course, we're going to hit you with a promo code. Just head over to dhmdetox.com and use the promo code biz20 for 20 off. That's dhmdetox.com. And their customer service team is ready to answer any
questions you might have. So feel free to reach out to them on Instagram at dhmdetox.
And I believe the deal is, is if you get it and you feel like it didn't work,
you can return it for a full refund. So try it. I'm telling you, no day's wasted. The next is, is if you get it and you feel like it didn't work, you can return it for a full refund. So try it.
I'm telling you, no day is wasted.
The next day, at the age that I'm at, my anxiety is very high,
usually the next day.
If I hammer this stuff, it's not even close to as bad as if I didn't take it.
Yep.
Like you said, there's 100 risk repurchase on your first box.
If you don't feel it worked for you, they'll refund you on the box.
Just shoot them a message.
It's a no-brainer, man.
They'll take care of everything. All, all right, boys, moving along.
We're winding up here soon. Got the gambling corner. It's a fucking joke at this stage.
Columbus the other day, they got it to overtime. They lost in overtime. But I actually do feel
good about this one. I actually did hit a couple of bets, but I didn't post them because I didn't
want to lead anybody on down further fucking losses. But I actually did hit a couple bets, but I didn't post them because I didn't want to lead anybody down further fucking
losses, but I didn't hit
when I publicly posted, but that's going to change.
Colorado got fucking waxed
the other night. They're in Buffalo Tuesday night.
There's no way they lose this game
after getting embarrassed the other night.
We're on Columbus. I'm sorry,
Colorado. I don't know what the money
line is going to be. Hopefully, it's not too high. We're on
the money line, save for a nickel,
and we'll go half the nickel, say 250 on the puck line.
So Colorado and Buffalo Tuesday night, we're all over them.
I expect a bounce back after getting sloshed the last game.
Any other stuff, boys, you want to share before we wrap up this one?
No, this has been a long one.
Yeah, no, I'm good.
I am good to go.
I think that we got a lot done.
Thank you very much to the Rink Shrink.
Thank you very much to the Kachuks.
We appreciate it, and we'll be back to you.
I know it's Tuesday right now, so it was supposed to be yesterday
when you listened, but two more sleeps and you get to hear us again.
So we'll be back with you guys on Thursday morning.
Thank you, as always, for listening.
As always, we want to say thanks to our awesome sponsors,
and hopefully you listeners have taken full advantage of them.
First off, we'd like to say thanks to our friends at
New Amsterdam and Pink Whitney.
Thanks as well to our friends over at Game
Time. Looking forward to working with you guys.
Also, thanks to Zip Recruiter.
A big thanks to our friends at
Indochino and their fine threads. And
lastly, a big thanks to our friends at DHM
Detox. Have a great week
everybody.
