Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 242 of Spit and Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
It's been a whole 48 hours since we last met you people,
but we still got plenty to talk about.
But we do a little roundtable.
Say hi to the boys first.
Let's go to biz for us tonight.
How we doing, buddy?
Got some guests tonight or what? Of course you came to me because i was i thought you were going to go
to wit and ask him why he's got a fucking golf club in his hand right now i forgot you're actually
in florida right now golfing right oh god yeah dude well i don't hey what was that course you
you posted about you you put the scorecard and some people were stroking their cocks off. They're like, oh my God, you're at this course.
Who cares? What course was that?
And now we'll
say hi to our boy, Winn, who's down in southern
United States, the southeast US
in Daytona Beach country.
What's up? What's up, guys? How you doing?
Yeah, pleasure to be here. I love seeing you guys.
Been a couple days.
I played a course called Seminole.
I believe it's Seminole Golf Club, Seminole Golf Course.
Is that good?
It's top ten in the country.
Not a big deal.
Put it this way.
Ben Hogan, back in the 1950s, used to bomb down to this place in March
and just prepare the month before the Masters playing Seminole
with their undulating Donald Ross greens and beautiful seaside landscape.
It's just an incredible experience.
I shot 77. Five over. I bogeyed 17 18 had never seen it started off great made a couple bogeys it was a great day i
know everyone right now rick calm down rick we'll get to hockey ricky you relax there bud and uh i
just yeah so we'll get to hockey but yeah i appreciate you you mentioning my my special
golf experience.
I got to thank Matty Moran, a buddy from Philly who's hooked it all up.
I mean, I'm looking at this course, man.
It looks like a fucking chip and putt.
Bouchigas called it overrated.
He's foolish to think that.
I don't think that people
This looks like a chip and putt in Niagara Falls.
I drive by it on Lundy's Lane.
This is a
Hey, this place wouldn't let you within a mile of the entrance,
you shroom-taking scumbag. So, everyone, that's a little cue, these lane this is a place hey this place wouldn't let you within a mile of the entrance you you
shroom taking scumbag so everyone that's a little cue and you got to check out the sandbaggers
invitation we dropped to today we got worked worked by was uh not wisniewski jesus christ
hazy and um stay blue blue sleet that's that's what his name is on twitter mr fucking miyagi first of all um check that piece
out i think it's already got 50 000 views on our youtube channel subscribe for that
listen yeah i got a little bit high on shrooms on the golf course but keep in mind while i was
buzzing over the amount of highness that i wanted to, I registered two of our points. I brought that thing back within one.
No, you weren't bad.
You were asking a million questions.
You hit some good shots.
Your swing, though, looked so different than in the summer.
It's so short right now, man.
We've got to get away from golf.
Somebody fucking tripped me online.
They said that backswing looks like he's got seven fused discs.
Yeah, I would say that's a pretty accurate assessment.
I think I have a herniated disc in my mid-back to lower neck area.
I'm sure the fight with Jansen helped that.
That made it a lot worse, and I'm just kind of getting over it now.
We also dropped, what was the other thing? Yeah. NHL alumni game piece.
So check out our YouTube channel. We got sandbagged.
I don't think you gave me enough strokes.
I think you gave fucking hazy too many strokes.
And that's the last I'll say of that.
Cause y'all like the new Jenna marbles at fucking Boston,
all these YouTube videos you're dropping,
you're going to run away and get in a fight with Dave.
Well, I mean, wit's been in every one of those, too.
Dave wasn't worth as much as her.
We wouldn't see him again.
Why?
Oh, she's rich?
Yeah, I think she's, like, real rich.
Those YouTube stars make absolute bad.
They make some serious dough.
I tell you, she ain't fucking Shakira rich.
She ain't Shakira.
I've gotten a lot of messages in terms of people agreeing with me.
We don't have to get into it, but I had also a couple people say,
Dude, if you think J-Lo's a better singer than Shakira, you're so stupid.
I never said that, you morons.
Listen to our conversation.
Listen to the words coming out of my mouth so she
was more famous i actually admitted shakir is a better singer i did get a real real kick out of
a couple texts that my friend sent like dude you uh you were going all in like on the asses of
those two hispanic women i went a little heavy there sorry Sorry. As in like, they're like, Hey, was the wife pissed?
She does. That's funny. I actually thought of that because I said,
if I mentioned anything or anyone on this podcast, it gets back to them. Except for her. It's like,
she just, she'll never listen to one of these things. Are you kidding me? If I forced her to
listen to like a doctor rink shrink segment, she might. But other than that, no chance.
She has no interest.
Great feedback on the Rink Shrink.
Sure enough, I get a text today from my buddy who coaches the St.
Catherine's Falcons.
A kid on that team, that Junior B team that I was talking about earlier in the season, one of the kid's fathers was the guy who choked the guy out,
man.
Oh yeah.
So I was,
I thought that was fucking hilarious.
Hey man, the guy had a few wires crossed.
He choked out a guy that wasn't the ref that he wanted it to be.
And,
we all had a good chuckle about it.
I mean,
it sucks that he's got to deal with the fact that he's got an assault charge
now or,
or whatever charge that may be.
And he can't step within,
I don't know,
a hundred yards of the four plex,
wherever the fuck it was.
But,
uh,
Hey,
we always,
it was good content.
Thanks a lot.
Tip of the cap.
That's a salt brother.
Um,
what did I have to say about Ross?
That'll come back to me.
Go ahead.
All right.
Wait,
you do all this flying,
like with all the golfing and shit.
Do you ever attempted to use Providence airport?
Cause I picked my father up at Logan earlier today.
He's coming back from his fucking
monthly junket to Vegas.
And it's fucking like the Rubik's Cube
of American airports. Getting out of there. I feel bad
for people out of town, out of state
trying to navigate through that fucking place.
I have it so dialed in to my program
like what time I fly
that I'm in, out,
what's it called? TSA
pre-check. I got all the gadgets where I'm just gone.
So I know what you're saying, though.
I've thought many times it'd be confusing as hell to be some Chinese person
landing, bringing in the coronavirus and trying to find your Uber.
It's a gong show there.
Hey, so do you find it crazy that I travel as much as I do
and I don't have any of that stuff?
I just gut it out with the regular civilians.
I'll give people a little clue into how these guys are.
They're all very, very easy to travel with.
You don't give a shit.
R.A. sent us a picture.
When I'm not with Biz or Whit, look at the hotel.
I think you're in a La Quinta out in Colorado Springs for the outdoor game.
Colorado. These four hours Springs for the outdoor game. Colorado.
These four hours are where the game is.
And a bitch responded.
He goes, I'd stay there too, man.
You guys are just  you'll do anything.
I really respect the hell out of it, but I've said it many times.
I started traveling and living a certain way, and I'm not changing.
Hey, this is how big of a principal guy I am.
If I'm driving cross-country and i have to stay overnight in a
hotel i'm doing it at like the cheapest where it's like borderline where you know like like
hookers aren't getting fucked in there but like like only yeah you know what you know only high
class scratch that there's probably truckers who are making a decent amount of money who are
probably fucking hookers in these rooms but i'm staying at something that's like 69.99.
Yeah, but so how much money do you need to get a nice place
when 300, 400, who cares?
I think if I was worth 15 million, man, I'm telling you,
I'm just such a fucking person.
That's 714 more sandbagger invitationals I got to do. If I was worth 15 million, man, I'm telling you, I'm just such a fucking... Oh, Jesus.
That's 714 more sandbagger invitationals I got to do.
Hey, I don't pay for valet.
If it's free, I'll tip and I'll meet you there.
RA, do you pay for valet, RA?
Do you have a driver's license?
Yeah.
No, I don't.
I mean... Do you have a car?
No, I actually sold it.
It was going to cost me.
Okay, so I wasn't being that rude.
But I don't need one.
I work from home.
But honestly, people would pre-check.
They don't get to the destination any faster than we do.
They're on the same plane at the end of the day.
Yeah, but I don't stand in a 100-person line with people picking their nose
and flicking their boogers all over the airport.
I know, but I like picking my nose and I like eating my boogers.
Not taking my shoes off andogers all over the airport. I know, but I like not taking my shoes off
and leaving my computer in the bag.
Hey, me and R.A. like picking our nose
and eating our boogers.
So, hey, I mean, hey, we're happy, right, R.A.?
Absolutely.
Hey, we don't want to sunk our boy G.
Let's say hi to fucking Mikey.
Oh, my God.
We haven't even done that yet.
No, guy.
What's up, G?
Yeah, but he gets a little bit more FaceTime now.
What are you talking about?
What's up, G?
What's up, guys?
This podcast will drop
on February 6th.
27 years before that, I was
welcomed into this world by Sue Grinnell
and Mike Grinnell, so happy birthday to me.
Wow. It would
have been better if one of us had known and said
something, but happy birthday. That
reminded me of something that I wanted to get to. Actually,
two different things. The first is, I wanted to
mention on February 2nd when the Super Bowl was
played, that was actually a palindrome.
Is that what it's called, R.A.? Biz, do you know what that
means? A power
drone? I think a palindrome.
Power drive?
A palindrome. The oil driller?
I'm still trying to figure out what word you
said, so no, I don't know what it is.
We're going to get crucified.
I think it's palindrome. What thatindrome what that is biz is if you go left it's the if you
go left to right it's the same as right to left so uh zero two twenty two thousand twenty okay
zero two twenty two thousand twenty if you went back the other way it would be the exact same
thing zero two twenty two thousand twenty the next time that will happen, I want to let everyone
know, I think it's 101
years. It'll be
12-12-21-19.
Oh, no, shit.
12-12-12-12.
Either way, you guys know what I'm saying,
so I wanted to mention the pound drone last Sunday.
21-21?
Yeah. It reads the same frontwards and backwards,
Biz. Like the word mom.
Yes, I get it.
But Whit just put my mind in an absolute press letter.
21, 21.
Yes, exactly.
101 years later.
I'm just going to say this.
For being the math guy on the podcast as of late,
you have been struggling with the math.
And somebody called you out in the sandbagger video again
because when you added up the 13 strokes that you gave me
and then the 20-something or whatever, you didn't get the math right again.
I forget what the math was, but I'm not the fucking math guy.
You are.
I just think you've been a little bit not the math guy lately.
So anyway, we can move on.
I've been a little bit lax.
Thank you.
All right.
Wow.
We can tell everybody who I guessed
is this week a pretty awesome guest.
St. Louis goaltender Jordan Binnington
who led them to their first Stanley Cup and
franchise history last year. I really enjoyed
this chat. He's a pretty laid-back
fellow and he really
put his balls on the table a few times in
the course of his career, which he tells us about.
So hopefully you guys enjoy that.
We're going to bring that on a little later.
But the big story I'd say is big buff and the Winnipeg jets.
They're working on a mutual contract termination.
Not sure anybody saw it coming to this,
but that's where it's headed.
I think both parties are probably going to be happy.
It's going to give the jets cap space.
He still has another year left at 7.6 mil. And Buff's going to be a UFA.
He can sign with anyone, retire, do whatever he wants.
But it's certainly an interesting story.
Whit, let's go to you first for your take on this.
Yeah, I mean, it seems to make a lot of sense for both sides.
And that is if he got paid this year.
And did they say they came to an agreement on the case he had, R.A.?
Well, they're trying to resolve all of that.
Okay, so that's all going on.
Yeah, I'll do it all in one fell swoop, I think.
Because he had 14 million left, so a lot of people think you're crazy not to play,
but we talked about the injuries, we talked about how long he's been doing it,
and how big of a guy he is, how physical he's played, and maybe there was a chance
he didn't want to play anymore. That still could be the case.
But the way I say it helps both sides is that he gets to figure out what's
going on. He's still got plenty of money. He can still play if he wants to.
And the Jets cap situation was, was a nightmare.
So they can go out and try to get help. Paul,
Paul Maurice came out and said,
they're not going to do anything rental wise because it doesn't really make
sense in a year when they could miss the playoffs to maybe just pay a guy that much money they're looking for somebody that that maybe has
a little term on their deal um but the whole the whole year was just thrown so crazy for the jets
when when he decided he wasn't going to play and and they didn't have myers either they lost him
vancouver we talked about that their whole d i think they have 4d i read that are making like
800 grand this year.
It's,
it's just nuts to see how,
how young and how inexperienced they've had to play the defense they've had
to play with.
And they're in the hunt.
So it is a weird situation.
I will say he really deserves the money because if they're talking,
what they're saying is true and that he's had surgery and still rehabbing
this ankle injury that happened while playing last year, that that should be a year where you're getting paid and i know he
didn't show to camp and then he gets suspended and there's so much different uh a bunch of
different stuff going on that we don't all we obviously don't know what's going on completely
but to me he deserves the money from this season um you mentioned the player aspect and when we were originally talking about
it i because like mental health is so important now i don't know what was going on with him so
you never want to be critical of the player's decision right so then all this time boils over
and we find out it's more about the ankle thing and it was to me it was a little odd the way he
handled it i think he maybe should have been a little bit more up front with the team and communicated better right is i mean yeah it came out of nowhere to
them they expect him at camp and all of a sudden yeah he didn't say a word and listen like i know
how that's how buff is he's just kind of like a very like nonchalant kind of guy and it'll get
better what's that he could have just been like oh it'll get better you know what
i mean yeah or whatever it was a pretty brash just like like uh for the for the jets to find
out about they were taken aback then you hear linea's comments which made me think like okay
well i guess they kind of have caught wind that he was just kind of aloof and like about the whole
thing and it wasn't a mental health thing and it wasn't anything really that serious it was just kind of aloof and like about the whole thing. And it wasn't a mental health thing.
And it wasn't anything really that serious.
It was just kind of,
he just like didn't want to fucking play anymore.
And line A says he makes a lot of money.
And boy,
if he doesn't want to play,
we probably could have used it for,
used it for something else.
And I'm thinking like,
damn,
like,
yeah,
I never thought about the guys in the locker room.
Maybe they're like,
Hey,
like we have a very solid core group here and we're expecting you to come in and help us and then
you kind of like drag your feet and all this shit's got to happen now and we can't move on
and go get guys on the back end who can help us get us the playoffs and who knows maybe we catch
fire and and because we have a fucking stellar goaltender and win this thing.
So he's put the players in a bit of a tough situation.
And if you're someone listening and you think he's earned the respect
and the right to be able to do that, sure.
I won't argue with you on that.
But I'm thinking of the guys in that locker room being like,
dude, fuck, let's go here.
We're trying to fucking win here.
If you don't want to be part of it, fuck off.
And we've met Shifley and we've talked to a bunch of guys in that team.
They would never, ever say this publicly,
but when there's been times that D has struggled there,
how much are they thinking,
fuck, would I love Buff back there right now?
Buff finds me on that breakout pass.
Buff putting it tape to tape.
Buff's getting the one-timer through.
It is a good point by you to think of preparing for a season as a player
and thinking about your role.
And if it's related to offense and producing,
you're thinking that Buff's a big part of all of it.
And then all of a sudden, shit, we really missed this guy.
And I believe, what's his cap at?
7 million?
7.4, I think.
7.6.
Listen, are some people, maybe there's a small percentage of people
who are like, hey, whatever, it's a good thing.
He was probably going to keep deteriorating considering he's not that fleet of foot.
And we know with today's NHL, if you start breaking down,
it's harder and harder to keep up.
That's just evident now.
But fuck, dude, at that cap hit for what he brought to that team down it's hard it's harder and harder to keep up that's that's just evident now but fuck dude at
that cap hit for what he brought to that team and how many minutes he could eat how much of that ice
he took up that's a fucking significant loss and given that cap hit I think even if he does slow
down a little bit you're not going to get much better up in Winnipeg as far as a free agent's
concern you're going to have to go home grown, bro. It's like Edmonton.
You're going to have to overpay significantly,
and you're never going to get the Drew Doughty
unless you fucking draft him.
Not to mention the late-night street meet either, Biz.
And that's nothing against the city of Winnipeg,
because I love Winnipeg.
Fuck, I think half my kills came from Winnipeg.
Your response, the guy I'm down here golfing with sent me a picture
message of of your response to the guy who tripped your pants and you just wrote a thousand kills but
like what do you say back to that that's just great response and then and then i said the other
guy's like oh it's like yeah a thousand dudes and i'm like yo if i was gay you would know because
i'd talk about banging dudes and you you'd have like 5,000.
You'd have fucking 10,000 kills.
Yeah.
I think my dick would have already fallen off by now and a cauliflower growing off it.
But then I was like, I told that other guy so I could wear a fucking garbage bag and out wheel you.
Listen, guys, I wear a certain style and it's my style.
If you ain't down with it, I don't really give a fuck
because mostly the guys chirping me on there are still the ones
wearing those fucking affliction jeans with a white lace in it.
Hey, I'll say, too, I got people.
Remember that guy, Grinnelli, outside that bar that said that to me?
When he goes, wait, you're the same, like, four or five shirts on
every time I see you.
Dude, yeah, I get a shirt I like.
I buy it in every color, and then I just wear the shit out of it like people always coming at me for the clothes shut up and
keep wearing your tank tops around and let me wear the shit i enjoy wearing leave me alone about the
clothes biz you said the same thing ra i know your style is a little different but you also say the
same thing leave us alone with the clothes we choose to wear. Now, mind you, I don't
mind the chirps, but I'm coming back.
And I'm going to remind you.
There's a lot of stuff in the comments
about your legs on the sandbagger.
A lot of compliments on your legs.
I'll say this. That's why I wore shorts.
If I don't, yeah, I got to play to my
strengths. Take all the focus away from
that face. I should have had earmuffs on.
Going back to
Sandbagger. What else we got for hockey, R.A.?
I thought we broke down that Winnipeg situation
very nicely. Yeah, and I
think it'll be kind of resolved pretty soon here.
With the deadline coming up.
It was Saravalli with that story, right?
I was going to... Fucking what? You always
take the words right out of my mouth. Yes, Frank Saravalli,
outstanding reporter. He was on
that one, so that's who's whose work we're borrowing from.
But, yeah, Biz, you were talking about hockey.
Tuesday night, a very busy one in the NHL with 26 teams in action,
and there was quite a lot to talk about.
In Columbus, Sergei Bobrovsky faced the old squad.
He stopped 44 of 45 shots, but he lost 1-0 in OT.
Our buddy Zach Wierenski with the OT GWG.
But the real story, Elvis.
Unbelievable.
Holy shit.
Led this team to third in the Metro.
They're within sniffing distance of the second place.
The last seven games for Elvis, 7-0.
Fucking four shutouts, a 9-6-5 SP, 1-1-4 goals against.
Buddy, it's crazy. Price and Bobrovsky.
It's insane.
It's crazy what's going on right now.
And I'm going to read you guys a quote.
This is from him.
I feel like a completely different goalie.
That's what I was thinking in my head.
I'm not, oh God, here we go.
I'm not any more scared of this league, of this hockey, this huge experience.
I'm not thinking about anything more.
I'm just leaving my mind free. I'm not thinking about anything more. I'm just leaving my mind free.
I'm not thinking even to win the game.
I'm thinking to go there and really have fun.
This guy is just living it.
What an approach.
What an approach.
That was a good read.
Is that why you're laughing?
That was a great read.
Are you crying?
You're not great at like, I don't know.
You're not great at mentioning that it's a,
you're not great at saying the quote,
but you did a good job.
I can't get the emotion out of it.
Basically, when you read it, you have to read it as he's saying it.
So when you read the quote word for word and slow,
it's like the guy talks like that, but it's just you reading how he's talking.
Okay.
I'll work on drawing the emotion out of what the quote is.
God, that's the next step.
I got a clean take for fuck's
sakes anyway what a crazy year for the blue jackets and i know i already said it i've said
it about like seven teams now so it makes sense i know nothing as to what i'm talking about but
what a run this has been 18 2 and 5 in their last 25 games i whoever would have guessed this
and if you look at the way they play,
like Tortorella said it the other night, he goes,
this is one of our best games of the year because they were so
patient. The one-nothing win you're talking about.
And Wierenski scored the OT winner
who is lighting it up. He's already tied
the highest goal
total in a season by a defenseman,
which was his record and Seth Jones.
They both had 16 a couple years ago, I believe.
And so he's got like 30 games left.
He's going to smash that.
But he scored the OT winner, and he's standing there after,
and he's doing all the interviews and the reporters around him.
And Tortorella, who went over to the goalie, Merzlikens, first,
and he gave him a little talk, a little pound.
He walked over, stuck his fist through the crowd,
and just goes, fucking right, Z, to Wierenski.
And Wierenski goes, oh, I wasn't expecting that.
But I think this team and Tortorella, it's like they match up perfectly together, right?
I think he'd rather coach guys like this who were counted out before the season,
who everyone said didn't have a chance,
than he would rather coach a team of a bunch of superstars.
You know what I mean, Biz?
His personality is coming out and how this team
plays they're just dogs and now they got a goalie and let's not forget corpus allo he was an all-star
and he got hurt like right before the game the first game against florida that merslika's played
so it's been a wild ride with two great goaltending performances throughout the first 60 or 50 games
whatever it is and good for the blue jackets fans man because everyone said they were done and they got to experience last year.
And it looks like they're going to be back in the playoffs again.
And another example of, hey, does anyone ever know what Elvis is
if Corpus Allo doesn't go down?
Like you never know, right?
And people are going to scald me for this.
I always draw it back to the Conor Garland situation.
Conor Garland got called up
because there was like six injuries at forward. And we're like, holy shit, dude. We might not
ever even known we had a 30 goal scorer in the National Hockey League. He just got us 18th the
other night leading the team. Still the fucking best bargain off of an entry-level contract in
the entire league. But it is such an amazing story
for this this Elvis kid I am so happy for that fan base especially after such a rough offseason
and I believe we we talked about it even when he had his the start to this hot little streak and
now it's gotten even more fucking ridiculous um he's got to be in rookie of the year talks now
no if this continues till the end of the season I know that I would assume Quinn Hughes and Cal McCarr,
one of those two, end up taking it.
But we got a Jordan Binnington on our hands right now.
At least that run.
Do I think this team is built to go for a run?
Fuck no.
But hey, listen, boys, we've been wrong before.
And I hope I am because that fan base deserves it.
And I hope right now at least they sneak into playoffs.
And I guess we can take the goaltending situation already
and we can shift it to another reason why they may make the playoffs
is because the Leafs just lost their starter.
Freddie Anderson, yeah, he's day-to-day with a neck injury.
So, you know, they need Hutchinson to hold down a fort until he's healthy again.
But it doesn't sound like he's going to be out too long, Anderson, that is.
So either way, Hutchinson, he struggled a bit.
Well, of course, early in the season, he was only starting after fucking games
that Freddie  basically, he was the second pot of backs.
He was starting all those games when the team was tired
and fucking Babcock got criticized for it.
He's been a lot better since then, but I don't think it's a huge issue.
But actually, another big story we got to talk about from the same night,
Ovi.
I mean, it's a weekly thing, but we got to do it
because we're watching history.
While Witt stroked him off last pod, I'll stroke him off this pod.
Okay, go ahead.
What does he have, 14 goals in his last seven games?
He's got three hat tricks in his last six games?
Mm-hmm.
Testified.
This guy might get 1,000 goals.
He might get to 1,000.
Imagine he gets a G-note.
Guys, I'm telling you this.
I guarantee he wouldn't even consider retiring until he passes Gretzky
at this point right now.
He is less than 200 away, which means he has to play, I mean, at this rate,
I mean, he's probably going to get close to 50.
Let's even give it better.
He might get 57 this year.
They must have 30 games left.
I don't  I'm going to say this now, and they can chalk this
and play it 100 years from
now if it's ever broken if this planet even still exists i don't think he'll ever even be he will
not be touched ovechkin will hold that that record for the end of time we'll never see anything like
this again and you would the nets would have to get bigger. That's the only fucking way.
This guy is a freak of nature.
We've gotten to witness it.
Just bow down to the greatest pure hockey goal scorer to ever bless the earth.
And no fucking wonder he's got Putin's credit card.
I'll fucking give him my credit card for Christ's sake.
And you know what?
I'll say it again.
He buried another nice little empty netter for that hattie.
Those empty netters. The best feeling in the
world. He essentially puts the
visual shooter tutor on where he has to
pick corners.
Yeah, 800. I'm sorry.
698 goals now. He passed
Messier. He's in eighth place.
His 11th 40 goal season.
Only Gretzky has more with
12 and the Caps still lead the league in points with 77.
But the thing is, I'm not sure what kind of sauces Ovi likes with breakfast,
but with Dunkin' Go-To's, you can get a great deal on two of your favorites, Biz.
Like two egg and cheese wraps for 2, two bagels with cream cheese spread for 4,
and two bacon egg and cheese croissants for 5.
In my opinion, it's a pretty tough deal to beat,
but that's just my go-to sense.
You can take it or leave it, but you should probably take it.
Dunkin' Go-To's, a great deal for 2, 4, or 5.
America runs on Dunkin'.
Participation may vary.
Limited time offer.
Exclusions apply.
And hey, don't forget, Dunkin' is the presenter and sponsor
for our Boston Pond Hockey Tournament.
So if you're there, we're going to have breakfast and donuts in the morning,
getting everyone full before the games,
before they start pounding the Bud Whitneys and Bud Light seltzers.
By the way, sending your team names as well.
Where there's hockey, there's Duncan.
Some team submitted one of their little video,
and people were getting a little nasty in the comments, eh?
What's up with that?
There's a lot of hate going on online. A lot of hate in the comments, eh? What's up with that?
There's a lot of hate going on online.
A lot of hate in the pond hockey community.
There's a lot of shit talking.
Really?
A lot of shit talking in the pond hockey community. That's a thing.
Towards us or towards?
No, towards each other.
These guys want to kill each other.
Thank fucking Christ for mute this conversation on Twitter, dude.
I was like, fucking really?
Tag me out of this shit.
They were legit arguing about Mystery Alaska, the plot of the movie Mystery Alaska. So here's another thing. What was like, fucking really? Tag me out of this shit. They were legit arguing about Mystery Alaska. The plot
of the movie Mystery Alaska.
What was his name? Stevie
Weeks.
Stevie Weeks. God, that guy. I thought
he was sick back in the day.
That skate from the locker room
down the ice.
That'll get the juices
flowing. So obviously
I will not be playing in any of these games
because these people are fucking lunatics.
They think it's the Stanley Cup Finals.
They think they're getting paid playoff portion bonuses or some shit.
And they got to go to work on Monday.
I look at it the other way, man.
I think the team that wins this thing knows they're going to be all over Barstool.
Their faces are going to be everywhere.
They'll probably get a couple residuals.
And I understand the competitiveness.
I really do.
Maybe it's their chance to get internet famous.
But the Saturday, I like
to hang around. I like to socialize. I like to
play drinking games, although I'm not drinking
right now.
There's 250 open
spaces in this Pink Whitney Pavilion
slash Bud Light slash
Dunkin' Donuts slash fucking boinkies.
I don't know how many other fucking sponsors are sponsoring this thing,
but we're going to be having a good time.
20 bucks entry fee,
two free drinks with that 20 entry fee.
So even if you're not playing in the tournament,
come hang out and chill,
man.
We'll socialize,
we'll play drinking games and it'll be a good day outside in the wintertime.
I'll have my fucking 5,000 Ralph Lauren jacket on.
I'll be warm as a little cozy bunny in there.
And fucking right, let's have some fun.
Let's come to run this poker tournament.
Biz as Bane.
It is 21 plus.
The winter village is 21 plus, but if you're just coming to watch hockey,
you can be of any age.
I was merely born into Pursuit.
So that was your Bane impression.
I'm interested to see how people will grade.
I thought you were doing R2D3 from Star Wars.
No, he just did do, do, do, do, do, do shit.
All right.
All right.
Let's let you have one more chance at it.
Yeah.
No, tell this is what we need.
Let's let you have one more chance at it.
Yeah, yeah. No, this is what we need, Biz.
Say, I'm sick of people telling me I dress poorly in Bane voice.
Come on, R.A.
I'm sick of people telling me I dress poorly.
Pushy, I was merely born into it.
Okay, here, wait up.
For what he said off the cuff 10 out of 10 i thought that was
extremely fucking clever i think he'd already said that yeah i missed it the first time
anything you said that's oh come on first time there's a first time for everything
so let's explain it to people so it's hard when you're when you're not in person and sometimes when we're preparing for the next subject i like to check my notes so an ra will
say something and maybe even sometimes teeing up the next subject i'll be like oh and how about
this and they'll be like and they'll just roll their eyes at this point you don't even basically
say anything anymore right no there's a lot of times we just we just if you catch all look at
each other yeah yeah and people that's gonna that's gonna keep of times we just we just if you catch all look at each other yeah yeah
and people that's gonna that's gonna keep happening like we're fuck-ups it's the same it's the same thing as it's like if you like flipped it over the glass for a delay game but
i don't think everyone's like ah this you know you just kind of know what you're getting in for
yeah people leave span sending me death threats people People forget I was on the fourth grade. They hate this Cody Ceci guy.
3-1. Rangers are up.
Late second period. Hutchinson is...
If the Leafs don't
make the playoffs, man,
talk about Bane. Is he the one who said he wants to watch
the World Bowl?
More kills than the Joker.
Hey,
stop doing that because you're distracting me.
I'm getting all right so
hey at least it's a good it's a good distraction we gotta go back to the leafs talk quickly then
okay is dubas has made you know a lot i'd say a lot of decent moves he's got benefit of doubt
right now some people aren't happy about overpayments the cody cc people are not happy
with this guy i i don't watch enough leaves Least people are ragging on him constantly.
Do you watch him enough?
Is he, does he deserve this kind of,
I don't watch him enough to give the exact analysis on where I think his game
is and why, or why people hate him.
But I will say this in knowing and seeing a couple games,
he is tailor-made.
He is the perfect description of somebody fans would despise.
He's a big defenseman, and that's speaking from a man who's worn that hat.
He's a big guy.
He's not the fastest skater, and he's not the most physical player in the world
who can occasionally turn it over.
Can you fit a description better to get the boo birds than right there?
Everybody needs a punching bag, and I guess he's that.
Big target.
And then he didn't address the backup goaltending situation.
They've been fucking dropping the ball on this for a few years now.
And now Anderson goes down.
I know you say he's day-to-day, but they can't afford to be losing games
because they don't have a competent backup.
They need somebody in there.
Another discussion would be the two-goalie NHL system now.
And I see a lot of teams shifting to it, and especially what's happening
when you're seeing you give Bobrovsky what you gave him.
I know he played well the other night against Columbus,
but, buddy, if you're paying a goalie that much money, he's got to be 10 out of 10 every night. gave him I know he played well the other night against Columbus but buddy like you can't if
you're paying a goalie that much money he's got to be 10 out of 10 every night he's got to be doing
what Elvis is doing so Dubas to me if they miss playoffs because of they the backup goaltending
situation and not firing Shan or excuse me Babcock soon enough in the season, I mean, Christ, dude, I'd say hot seat.
Like all the analytics people might come after me and be like,
man, look at all these kids.
It's like, well, fuck, I don't know.
If it was some old meathead guy who wasn't analytics,
you'd be fucking burning him at the stake.
Dude, CeCe was a whipping boy when he was in Ottawa, and then you got to figure Toronto fans needed a new one when he got on the left.
I think he became the whipping boy when his demands became so high,
and they're like, what?
Like, bro, we liked you around here until you thought you were some fucking guy
who thought you should be making 6 million a year.
You're a fucking pylon.
And then all of a sudden you lose benefit of the doubt.
Then he goes to Toronto.
And then you're dead.
Listen, and I'm always willing to give
players benefit of the doubt he's in a very difficult market this whole fan situation may
be in his kitchen well he may in fact not give a fuck i don't know i don't know him but i'm saying
is is like now he's got to go somewhere where he can get lost like Carolina and see if he can actually be what he thought he deserved to get paid.
Or he thought he deserved that because he had to bite the bullet in Ottawa
where it's like, oh, sorry.
Hey, how about the stat that just popped out?
Hutchinson, he's got three-plus goals allowed in a period
in nine of his 15 starts.
I mean,
that ain't going to get it done.
There's one period
in nine of 15 games, you're giving up
three to five goals.
How did you
how are you going to win a game?
That's like you're
behind the eight ball and right now
they just can't afford to chase games.
And things are, I mean, most nights things are clicking.
Like they just need
Well, their offense buzzes.
If they get competent goaltending, they got a playoff team.
They got a team who can  I don't think they got the back end right now.
Anyway, we've talked about the Leafs too long.
Rick from Red Deer is fucking pissed.
And they did call up that kid.
Talk about Giordano's hamstring, and I'm going to fucking snap.
He'll get the injury soon.
Yeah, they called up that kid, Kasame.
What's it?
Kaske Suo, the Finnish kid.
But I don't know.
I don't know what his prospects are.
He's 26 years old, so he's backing up Hutchinson right now.
Another guy we mentioned to shitload this season because he just keeps
getting it done, and that's Joe Thornton.
He scored his 1,500th point the other night.
The point was also his 800th assist as a shock.
He's just the 14th player to hit the 1500 point mark.
And he had the most points by decade.
They had a list here in the 2000s, you know, from 2000 to 2010.
Thornton had more points than anybody.
This guy, like Kovachuk, it's just like kind of a weekly update.
He just keeps passing all these legendary names
and padding that Hall of Fame resume.
Right, Biz?
I mean, I was just thinking in my head before you threw it over,
I envy that guy's life.
He wakes up every day and he gets to go to the rink
and he's playing with the house's money.
I know he doesn't have a Stanley Cup, but, boy, at this point,
he has reached  he's in the top 50 players all time.
He's a fucking legend.
He's the coolest cat.
He's got an awesome family.
Everyone fucking loves him.
And it's just  what's sad at this point now is that I think that it seems
like the physical toll it might be taking in order to get going every night
in order to still you know play a respectable level and not hurt your team it may it's it's
getting to that point now so we're starting to see like i'm just hopeful we're maybe going to
be able to get like one maybe two more years out of it because, you know, it's still awesome to see him getting to live out his dream, dude.
Every guy you talk to, he goes to the rink and he's there all day.
He's a rink rat.
He loves everything about the game.
And he just so happened he fucking scored 1,500 points
in the best league in the world.
Yeah, 1,500.
That number is nuts.
And I was always the one to say with his relationship and his life in San Jose
that I didn't think he'd ever go anywhere else.
And this could be just reporters stirring stuff up, making articles up,
but I'm seeing a lot of who would want to grab him.
Could he be traded at the deadline?
I saw one article, maybe Tampa goes after a guy like Joe Thornton.
Because any team that's looking to make a run would want him in the room.
What if he plays fourth line?
Joe Thornton in the locker room playing 10 minutes a night on a championship team?
You wouldn't want that.
I know you're going to say you want speed on the fourth line, but I don't know, man.
If he wants to go somewhere, I think that he'll end up being somewhere
and at least being given a chance to go on a run.
Hey, and listen, I'm just going to hop in there.
Man, what about him and Maroon on the fourth line for Tampa?
That would be sick.
The Bash brothers grinding it out down low.
I can feel something there, and I know some people are like,
I mean, Rick from Red Deer is like, you guys are fucking idiots.
He ain't fucking no retirement.
I'm going to put this marble light out on my forehead.
They don't get to the Western Conference soon.
But I would love to see him get moved to a team where they can make a run,
and I don't see why that's  I just think they have a very good
fourth-line center, and his name's not coming to my head right now.
Is it Paquette?
Cedric Paquette, yes. Cedric paquette yes cedric paquette and i just i don't know do you do things are going very well right now do you hey maybe maybe you bring him in as the extra i mean we know joel
bumped the tunes in the locker room i'm just saying there's a there's a team out there i'd
want him around i'd want him in the room who Who knows where he's going to fit in the lineup.
Who knows how it'll go down.
But if he wants to go somewhere and he makes it clear,
somebody out there that's looking to go on a run is going to trade for him.
Oh, and don't forget.
You heard it here first.
All right, don't forget this quote at the end of it all.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm staying in San Jose.
So we basically just wasted everyone's time.
A 10-minute conversation about nothing.
No, listen, I was
making a joke there, all right? I don't
know if he's in a situation where he's like,
yo, I'm good. I'm not going anywhere.
We were just speculating. And he's not
a lifetime shock. I mean, of course, he did play
for the Bruins first, so it's not like he's been there his whole career.
So, you know, some guys don't want to leave. They'd
rather finish, you know, with one team, even
though they're not going to win a cup. But, you know, he's already been on a different team. Why the fuck wouldn't he want to leave. They'd rather finish, you know, with one team, even though they're not going to win a cup.
But, you know, he's already been on a different team.
Why the fuck wouldn't he want to leave for a couple months,
get a kick out of the can?
I mean, because, I mean, he's already going to be in the Hall of Fame,
but, you know, that would be the ultimate to close out with a cup.
Also, Tuesday night, we got a little
we've been talking about the entertainment from these players.
It's usually the young guys.
But the other night, it was the old guy, Ilya Kovalchuk.
He shushed the New Jersey crowd after his shootout goal.
That was an unreal game.
The Habs were down 3-0 with seven minutes left in the second.
They stormed back, took a 4-3 lead.
Jersey tied it with the goal he pulled.
And then Kovalchuk gets the only goal in the shootout.
I loved that when they shushed because they were booing him all night.
Obviously, he was there years ago.
You must have caught that, right?
Yeah, I got a kick out of it.
I feel like he was shushing me, too.
I can't say anything.
I think part of the shushing was, hey, you tall, goofy, pale bastard
on spit and chicklets, shush your mouth.
So, Biz, go ahead.
Yeah, I never even thought of that.
I think I was a little less hard on him than you.
You were like, oh, what's he going to do?
He's not going to be able to keep doing this. and that's exactly what he's done yeah sound um and
then he took to instagram shushing everybody on social media too so this guy he's even getting
at the kids he's gonna be on fucking tiktok with his fucking butthole hanging out like hey
fucking kiss my ass motherfuckers motherfucker. That could end up being
a little too much for the TikTok.
Should we take out the TikTok?
I don't get TikTok.
Is it just like Vine with music
kind of, Grinnelly? I have no idea.
I'm addicted. I'm full-blown addicted
to TikTok. Follow us on Spittin' Chicklets.
It's unbelievable.
We got to talk about this Patrick Mahomes guy's brother
then. He's big on TikTok.
He drives people up the wall.
How do you feel, Whit, about Patrick Mahomes' brother
and girlfriend acting the way they do when they go to Kansas City Chiefs game?
I'm interested to hear.
If my brother and girlfriend acted like that,
I'd kick them out of my circle of friends and family.
But other than that, I don't mind them.
Okay.
I haven't seen enough TikToks.
I've seen a couple that really make me laugh.
But the dancing, it's like, okay, boomer.
I'm boomer.
I'm okay, boomer me.
I don't know.
I don't see it.
I just don't understand the actual act of, like, okay, boomer, I'm boomer. Okay, boomer me. I don't know. I don't see it. I just don't understand the actual act of this kid dancing
and doing all these takes for his TikToks.
And then if I'm a star quarterback and I'm the best in the league right now
and the Super Bowl champ and my girlfriend's doing that stuff,
losing my marbles.
I was actually thinking about that recently, R.A.,
and I guess I'll throw it to you because I say you're, what,
one generation ahead of me?
My father was a boomer.
Okay.
Yeah, my father was a boomer.
I guess I could be okay with all this TikTok nonsense going on,
and I'm not going to be the okay boomer yet.
What scares me is by the time I'm ready to have
kids maybe is what the fuck is next like what's the like what's the next thing I gotta like put
up with you know pussy and and I and I guess what was the thing that we were doing that was driving
our parents nuts drinking in the woods and like throwing up the next morning I mean it's a little
different now when you have cell phones
and you're sending each other like filthy pictures when you're in eighth grade.
It's bizarre all the time.
As a father, I'm not going to lie.
It goes through your mind.
As technology grows, how the hell do I keep this kid like reined in?
Yeah, but and you have a son.
Imagine having a daughter like i know what
you know the old saying i know the pictures i was getting about one dick you gotta worry about
every dick it's that that may not be what's the saying what's the saying what's the saying
i didn't invent this obviously but i've always been told is a
you know with with daughter you have to worry about
every dick and how but
with a son you just gotta worry about one dick
maybe that
that's a fucking saying
that's a father saying
oh my god I kinda wanna just have a daughter now
to hear all these father sayings
is there more humor
I know that everyone's
i know having a daughter be incredible like just your little daughter your baby daughter be just
unreal but i think internet wise and future um usage of social media wise i'm a little more
comfortable having a son you know what i mean i think we all listen we're not going we're not
getting crazy here i'm just saying is yes i would there's a lot more complications there there's a lot more pressures that is involved and and
you know they're what they're doing to try to impress men and listen i remember seventh grade
hearing this kid like had sex i was like what i i was like oh my i don't even i wouldn't even know
how did he get her pants off i like And now I think seventh graders are just crushing each other.
Times are crazy.
It's crazy.
They're wearing wristbands.
Low jobs like the new good night kiss.
Oh, my God.
That's terrifying.
And how young.
Guys, I told that story.
The grade six, I was getting hand jobs.
That was when I got my first hand job
that i the first time i ever came was from a hand job not myself doing it i didn't know what was
happening i had to run to the bathroom i thought i was gonna like start exploding i thought i was
gonna start pissing and dude this fucking load shot like everywhere all over this girl's house. Sixth grade. A biz? Sixth grade rope.
That's horrifying.
It was during Bill 160.
There was like some school strike.
Manny Ramirez doubled the gap.
A frozen rope out of biz's bedroom in sixth grade.
But that was back then.
Looking up to Wendell Clark.
Biz mentioned Mark Giordano.
He suffered an LBI and 3-1 home loss to the Sharks the other night.
Head coach Jeff Wood called it, quote, potentially a huge loss.
He did get an MRA today.
We haven't got the results yet.
Reporter Eric Francis said he was told by a player on the ice that Gio said,
I tore my hamstring.
That's what the reporter Eric Francis said.
He speculated he'd be out 3-6.
What's up, Wade?
I originally had heard early today he could be done for the year.
And I was like, what?
But since then, I've been told it's four to six weeks.
So if that isn't the case, don't say a word to me
because I'm telling you right now I'm not 100 sure.
But if you're a
calgary flame flames fan i think four to six weeks is what you're looking at which is a tough loss
they've put themselves in a you know a solid position especially after their start but still
to lose the norris trophy winner everyone knows that is no bueno oh just the calming nerves in
that locker room too he's their leader and and i leader. And I mean that in every essence of the word.
You got some teams in the league, like it's not their spiritual leader.
It just so happens they're the captain maybe because it's just, you know,
process of elimination.
But he is just  he means everything to that back end, to that locker room.
You know what?
I didn't realize.
They're just  they're second wild card right now.
For some reason I thought they were higher in the Pacific,
but four to six weeks without him, that is kind of a panic.
And I tell you what, with that forward group,
that's a competent enough group where if they catch stride at the right time,
they can do damage in playoffs.
They have a little bit of spice in their lineup too.
They can make an addition at the deadline.
That's a significant loss.
And now all of a sudden you're looking at, you know,
can we just stay afloat in order to sneak in playoffs as opposed to
potentially, you know, winning the division.
Now saying that they are in the Pacific, it is a tight race.
And of the 16 teams currently in a playoff spot, Biz,
Calgary is the only team with a negative goal differential.
And it's not like negative 2, it's negative 19.
It really jumps out at you. So
you wonder if, you know, the way the
inconsistency for them this year,
you wonder if they're going to sneak in the playoffs, man.
But obviously, they're exciting
to watch Johnny Goudreau can heat up
a little, they might get in there. But we'll keep
an eye on that. Another big injury for another
team that's been struggling this year.
San Jose season from hell got even worse when they lost top forward
Tomas Hurdle for the year with a torn ACL and an MCL against Vancouver
the other night.
Sharks are 10 points out of a playoff spot.
Only five teams have fewer points than them.
You wonder if they're going to turn into sellers at some point
because at a certain point, it's going to be hopeless for them.
This is the year from hell for the San Jose Sharks.
There's really no other way around it.
I feel like we've been picking on them a little bit on the podcast recently,
but now at this point, it's just like, hey,
you're going to probably be a lottery pick.
And then I got fucked up on the first time we talked about it recently
they got to give that thing away to ottawa so you're just praying it's i mean first overall
but that's also a team that's also a team though that next year they could also be at a playoff
spot again they're not going to be hurting for a long period of time i think they have enough guys
in that organization where they can
definitely have a bounce back year. This organization
isn't just shot, but
a shitty season, especially coming
after such a long
dominant run of making playoffs.
I think
it's weird because of
the signing to Carlson.
You have this superstar
defenseman. You sign him.
It's a huge deal.
You're this team that's been so close for so long, and then this happens.
So it's more shocking than anything.
But like Biz just mentioned, you never know next year.
There is a core there that could get things going.
They've all battled injuries, but it is wild.
But Hurdle, huge, huge breakout season last year
and had times of dominance this season as well being an all-star.
In the end, it sucks to end your year like that
and know that you've got a long summer of rehab ahead of you.
Yes, and back on the Hurdle front,
I was just giving more the overall look of the whole team
because when that went down, I think everybody just kind of was like,
oh, this one's definitely over.
I hope, yeah, I hope it's a clean recovery and he's able to get back
to the performance he had before the injury and even exceeds that
because this guy was on a trajectory where I think he was going to be
a very special player for a long time.
So best of luck to him in that healing up process.
No doubt about it.
And the pending UFAs for them, Brendan Dillon on defense,
Melka Carlson up front,
and what do you call it? We just talked about Thornton.
Patrick Milo, he's another guy who could
potentially get dealt for that veteran leadership.
A little depth on the bottom six maybe for
a team, and he's already left once
as well before to Toronto, so it's not
like leaving is a big deal again.
One other injury on another team that's been a
disappointment, Kyle Ogposo. He's going to be
out for a few weeks with an upper body injury.
It's not a concussion.
It was said to be below the neck, above the waist.
But that's another blow for another team that's seen the playoffs
get farther away each day.
They're currently 12 points back.
Tough season so far for Buffalo.
And Dwayne.
Huh?
And Dwayne.
And Dwayne out in Tonawanda.
Hey, didn't you win that bet, though,
because you hammered Colorado going there, didn't you?
Yeah, yeah, that was your call.
Yeah, yeah.
Big odds, but still.
Yeah, well, the puck line, I think, was 150,
but I also threw in regulation only two at the last minute.
So, yeah, that was a nice W.
Going to some roster news here.
We got kind of an awkward situation in Boston
where the Bruins waived David Backus back on January 17th,
but both the team and player agreed that he will not play in Providence
down in the AHL.
GM Don Sweeney said David is fit and able to play,
but in order to preserve all potential options
for both David and the Bruins moving forward,
we have decided that this is the best course of action.
He could end up traded.
He could back with the team come playoff time.
He's still getting paid in the meantime.
Biz, you ever see a situation like this where a veteran
I mean, we've seen plenty of guys go down and make six sheets
in the AHL riding buses, but have you ever seen a team
kind of let a guy just kind of hang out in limbo like this?
Well, I mean, loophole, but for different reasons.
I thought I would get more to rise at you for that one, Whit.
I actually was laughing inside.
But I think it's a great situation.
It seemed after listening to Sweeney's comments that it's very amicable,
and it was more about protecting the asset in order to eventually move it.
Like that's,
that was the determining factor where I don't think Sweeney wanted to put him
through that either.
He's just like,
Hey,
this is a tough situation for all of us.
And Bacchus was like,
yeah,
I get it.
So it's,
it's,
it's,
it's nice.
Right.
Did you,
did you see any type of animosity from either side here?
With,
um,
I'm not going to say there wasn't animosity from him because I think as a
proud athlete,
you always think that,
you know,
you could be,
you could be playing better or you could be like there when they're getting
rid of you.
But,
but I'm very,
very impressed by the Bruins organization here.
They did not have to do this.
You want to get paid to go down to the minors.
I mean,
this is,
you don't see this that often in terms of he's sitting at home right now.
I've read he was in Florida at one point, and he's getting paid.
That is very rare.
That's why if Bacchus ever kind of like was like pushing back,
like he's the victim here, I'd be like, yo, what?
So that's why I said it seems like everybody's in a good place,
and I think that's a very fair job by the Boston Bruins
in order to still pay him for doing nothing.
Mind you, they had to move the seats.
They won't pay him next year.
Well, they used that money that they closed in the seats with
to pay him that.
So the fans kind of got fucked on that one,
but hey, you might have some cap space.
You got to give a little, give a little, you know?
Hey, Biz, speaking of cash,
owning a small business is no easy
task, and sometimes your cash flow just
isn't moving at the speed of your business.
Through BlueVine, you can secure a
business line of credit in as fast as five
minutes. BlueVine
is an easy, fast way to support
your business growth with a line of credit
of up to 250,000.
Whether you need money to offset upfront costs, secure inventory, or pay an unexpected expense,
through BlueVine, you can help yourself and your business stay secure for any reason. There's no
fee to set up your line of credit, and BlueVine never charges maintenance or prepayment fees.
Applying is easy. Just go online to getbluevine.com slash chicklets,
fill out a few simple details,
and you're done with your application within minutes.
It's that simple.
Seeing an offer will not affect your credit score.
Once approved, funds can be received in as fast as 24 hours.
Have peace of mind knowing that funds can be drawn
with the click of a button for any business expense.
Blue Vine has helped more than 20,000 customers and has delivered over 2.5 million in funds to businesses.
Blue Vine also has advisors available by phone to answer any questions and help meet your business needs.
With an A-plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and a nearly five-star review on Trustpilot,
see why thousands of satisfied business owners have chosen Blue Vine as their go-to source for financing.
For listeners of the show, Blue Vine is offering a special limited-time promotion of a 100 gift
card when you take out a loan or open a line of credit with Blue Vine. Go to getbluevine.com
slash chicklets for more details. All you have to do is go to get blue vine.com slash chicklets and apply.
That's quick,
easy and meaningful help to your business in as little as 24 hours.
This promotional offer is subject to terms and conditions that can be found
at get blue vine.com slash chicklets.
Back to Ross,
the news Montreal sent promising youngster forward.
Yes,
Barry caught getting the Emmy down to Laval of the AHL third overall picked Back to roster news. Montreal sent promising youngster forward Jesperi Kotkaniemi
down to Laval of the AHL.
Third overall pick in 18, had six goals, two assists,
and 36 games played before being sent down.
You know, this kid's still only 19.
He was, like I said, third overall pick.
He's got some talent, but he wasn't dour at all.
He wasn't, like, bummed out.
The coach down Laval said he was excited.
He understands he's a young player. I think he wants to play. He wants to be out there. He wants to beour at all. He wasn't, like, bummed out. The coach, Don LaValle, said he was excited. He understands he's a young player.
I think he wants to play.
He wants to be out there.
He wants to be a difference maker.
This is, I think, an experience that he embraced,
which is not always the case with a young draft pick, right, Witt?
Or Biz?
Sorry, which?
Well, I was just going to hop in quickly, Witt,
and say that it's such a refreshing thing to hear that,
especially as a fan, knowing this kid,
that that's the right mindset you need in order to go down there and and be successful and the fact that he wants to
get those reps and he wants to play hockey and and get back to what he loves doing that's to me
that's everything you need to hear as a fan and and obviously organization you're pumped to hear
it as well yeah i've read an article in the athletic arpon is it basu ra arpon basu yeah yeah he had a great article kind of um talking about the entire
situation mentioning it all and the day that the day he got sent down he got called in to go to
the rink he went in there and bergman told him listen um you're going down you're playing tonight
for laval he went home he hadn't skated in a couple of days. I don't know what day to day off or whatever it was.
He'd been healthy scratch the day before, game before.
He skated in an outdoor rink with his dad who's in town.
The only unfortunate thing was his grandfather had flown over from Finland.
And I think it was going to be obviously the first time he'd ever seen him play in the NHL.
And he ended up going to his game in the AHL, which sucks, but that's a business.
He's a young kid.
And that quote, I mean, that shows he's where he needs to be.
And I've mentioned a million times on this podcast before about guys
and expectations of high picks nowadays where you're supposed to do it right away.
You're supposed to dominate the minute you get into the league.
And it's just not how it is.
It's not realistic for most of the guys that are  it's not realistic for for for most of the guys that
are even though they're picked high most of the guys aren't ready immediately and so he's going
to go down and reading quotes from his coach they're going to put him in every situation i
think actually after the first game he was told um is it bouchard sorry all right joel bouchard
joel bouchard is his coach and and he told him like you know a couple plays tonight those those are mistakes that in the NHL, it's going to end up in the back of your net
or it's going to get you benched.
And here's the thing.
Now he's down there, and no matter what, he's going back out next shift.
He's not going to have to sit down on the bench.
And that's kind of what Montreal talked about.
Julian said, listen, this guy, we're trying to win games.
We're trying to get in the playoffs.
We're fighting an uphill battle.
And we don't think, as of right now,
he gives us the best chance to win.
He's got a bright future.
He's a huge pick, so let's let him get down there and play.
And when Cockney Nemi was asked about it, he said his first reaction was,
oh, I'm not going to have to play nine minutes a game anymore.
He was fired up.
He was excited to go play 20 minutes.
He went down the first game down there.
There was a line of kids, a kid's team on the bench.
You know, say eight or nine years old.
He's giving them all fist pounds.
And somebody said to him after,
you didn't look like somebody that was pissed off to be down there.
He said, no, I'm excited.
I'm actually excited to be down there and play again.
And like Biz said, that's the attitude you need.
And I think Price had a lot of good things to say also,
where he mentioned his rookie year.
He was sent down.
He had a tough COVID early in the year. And He was sent down. He had a tough go of it early in the year.
And when he got down, he had a tough go of it.
It wasn't easy when he got to the AHL.
That league's full of world-class players that are so close to getting called up.
So you can't go down there and think it's going to be easy.
And Price struggled there early.
Then he figured it out.
And he said on the cab ride to the airport,
he got sent down with Kyle Chepchura that time, his rookie year. He said he was sitting in the cab and he said, I'm never doing the airport, he got sent down with Kyle Chiptura that time, his rookie year.
He said he was sitting in the cab and he said, I'm never doing this again.
I'm going down.
I'm going to play better.
I'm going to get back up and I'm never going back down.
And that's what he did.
And that, along with being excited to play,
that'll be the attitude this kid needs to have.
So we'll see what goes on.
I mean, I think there's a ton there.
You saw glimpses of brilliance his rookie year,
being an 18-year-old, being that big and not filled into his body.
So don't panic yet, Canadiens fans.
There's still a lot of time for this kid to become an impact player.
I think it's cool that his grandpa was there to see him experience that.
And I don't know what his initial reaction was,
but maybe his grandpa had a few words for him
where he had a different
outlook on it and if not he had that that reaction organically and and you know that's exactly how he
felt about it when he heard the news as you mentioned um you know his grandpa should be
proud of him that he's gonna go down there and put the work in to get where he wants to be and
um it's kind of funny that that this story i think we were going to discuss
it last podcast but we decided to bump it back because that one got long but it's now on an
episode with jordan binnington who folks like there's so much pressure as wit said in today's
nhl for high draft pick to like hey we want production now now now and it's like sometimes
like there is a coddling process and there is, and that's the way it used to be.
I mean, we talked about it before on the podcast.
Like first-rounders would go down to the American League
and start off on the third line, and they weren't even getting
If you were first overall, maybe top two, for the most part,
except for some crazy exceptions, you didn't have a chance.
Colby Armstrong's rookie year he didn't even
I don't even think
he considered playing
in the NHL
he's a first rounder
a couple years prior
now granted
it's different for every player
but it was the norm
to spend time
developing in the
Always Hungry League
and putting money
in a cup
for a chicken parm
that'd be cold
in Austin
and it falls
in an episode
where we have
Jordan Binnington
where everybody
is not going to have the same path.
And he has some very, very interesting stories about where he was in a mental state and spending time.
And I think he was in the coast at one point in the American League and ended up getting shipped off as a loner to another American League team. So I think right now would be a good time to send it over to him because it's such a very similar story where it's, buddy,
if you keep fighting and you keep grinding and you're good enough,
you're going to get there.
Don't fucking give up.
Grind.
Put the time in.
The reason you're on that path is because most of the time
the NHL is trying to weed out the shit.
There's a reason it's hard to get there and before we go to the interview someday kids if
you embrace the suck and you live for that grind you will be selling promo codes with your name on
them thanks for joining us and we'll send you over to him right now what an interview
well our next guest he doesn't have the biggest resume we've ever had but it's certainly Thanks for joining us, and we'll send you over to him right now. What an interview.
Well, our next guest, he doesn't have the biggest resume we've ever had,
but it's certainly impressive as hell.
He came out of seemingly nowhere last year,
had an unreal run with the St. Louis Blues, won the Stanley Cup,
had ice water in his veins all playoffs.
He was second in the call to trophy voting.
This season, he made the all-star team. He's going to be playing in front of his hometown crowd this weekend st louis welcome to the podcast jordan binnington thank you for having me boys
hey as mikey granelli told me we finally got it uh lined up we sent him a text to say hey we'd
love to have you on in st louis got the all-star game and all he wrote back was about fucking time
so he knew he knew this is long overdue i think you said yeah. Yeah, I knew it was coming. I knew the day would come.
I was just waiting for the right time.
It's a perfect scene here.
Just had to get that cup under the belt first, right?
Yeah.
So, like I just talked to you a minute ago, what's this like last year been for you?
I mean, you were playing in the minors last year.
The Blues were in the dumps.
300-1 to win the cup.
And now here you are.
Stanley Cup, win an all-star game.
Everybody knows who you are.
What's like, do you ever like pause and think, holy shit my life's wild yeah it just come it just happens sometimes you know
if i'm well for a drive and the music's going and you're feeling the beats a little bit other than
that i just kind of keep going at it and keep looking for more kind of and there's some guy
outside with his phone looking for a picture yeah how did that transpire tell us that story oh and
on the highway there yeah um you actually
brought him to a game this year didn't yeah yeah so i ended up bringing to a game um so i was just
driving to the rink and um there's a there's a ramp am i good here there's a ramp uh on the
highway that like it's always lined lined up for a mile or two like it if you get stuck in the back
you're toast you know so i always try to sneak in at the front.
And then there's, like, a secondary route.
If you can't squeeze in, you know, if you're not,
you don't want to press your luck, you just take the easy way.
But I cut in.
So I cut in the last second, and then I see the guy in front of me,
and he's looking in the rearview mirror, and he's like,
yo, he's like, yo, are you the guy?
And I'm like, what?
Like, is he pissed at me for cutting in? And then all of a sudden, his door opens, and I'm like, what? Is he pissed at me for cutting in?
And then all of a sudden his door opens and I'm like,
oh, what's going on here?
And then he comes over and he's like,
yo, you the guy.
You that guy.
And I'm like, yeah, man.
What's going on?
And then we just dabbed up and kind of just went from there.
But it was cool, man.
And then he hit me up.
I was hoping he would, because I knew he was Snapchatting it.
So I was like, I hope this guy hits me up online so I can see the video.
Because I told my girlfriend, it's a pretty funny clip.
And then he ended up sending it to me.
And then he brought him to a game.
His first ever hockey game.
And he's a funny guy.
Is he in love with the game now?
Is he like a full-fledged fan?
I don't know about that.
He's in love with Benner.
I think he's buying the free tickets.
He's looking for some All-Star tickets.
Hey, you know, I always say, because I'll do that move too.
You know, you can see getting off the exit.
It's like a mile of traffic.
So you go to the very end and cut someone off.
So all I do is I go up to the end and first woman I see, I cut off.
Because a woman's less likely to, like, shoot you from road rage.
So always do that.
Cut off women.
No offense, ladies.
And then you put up the hand.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
I'm that guy.
They're not going to be the kind car kick the shit out of you uh we talked about you know um you know coming up through the minors and i'm sure some difficult times for you thinking you know
you know am i ever going to get to the national hockey league we heard a story at dinner last
night about the fact that you actually wore your providence bruins a gitch which is like the
underwear that you guys wear
under your gear uh during the entire season and run last year yeah that's uh kind of a side story
that no one really knew about then after game seven i geared down and i kind of just like
showed uh the equipment guy and then he told the i don't know someone with the nhl and kind of
escalated from there but yeah the year in providence i don't know if we with the NHL and kind of escalated from there. But yeah, the year in Providence, I don't know if we're going to get right into that.
I would like to just get the backstory on how getting loaned out works and shit like that.
Because so many people have no clue how you end up there.
Yeah.
So basically, St. Louis didn't have an AHL team.
And that summer, we knew that.
And they joined teams with San Antonio, splitting with Colorado.
And we were kind of like, they qualified me, which we weren't sure if they're going to qualify me or not.
And from there, it's just my, I was like, okay, well, where am I going to play?
And my agent's like, I don't know, you know, we'll figure it out, I guess.
And he wasn't happy and went to camp, did the whole training camp.
Then I was the last goalie there.
I think they were just looking for a spot for me.
They were calling.
I know they were working to get me on a team, but nothing was coming up.
Are you a little panicky at this time?
No, I'm chilling because I'm getting paid no matter what.
Yeah, true.
There you go.
Veteran. I knew, I mean, it's minor league money, which is whatever,
but I knew that because I talked to my agent before
and he gave me the rundown.
He's like, yeah, if they try to send you down to the East Coast,
you don't have to go.
They can only send you to the AHL.
And so I'm getting sent down and I go into the coach's office
and I think it was Mike Yeo, I don't know down and I do like, I go into the coach's office and it was, I think
it was Mike Yo, I don't know.
And someone else in there like, so, uh, we're going to send you down to Tulsa.
Um, you know, we talked to the coach, the coach is a great guy and you know, we got
it all set up for you.
And then in the meeting, so I was like sitting like this and then he told me that and I was
like, and then he keeps me that and I was like and then he keeps going he keeps going and I finished the meeting and I'm like
I'm swallowing my words because we can go back in the story but like I had some fire in me
from two years before from what went down yep and uh basically I I left the room and then
Marty Brodeur who's's new in the management role,
comes up, and he's talking to me, and he's like,
hey, so Binner, yeah, I talked to him.
He's a great guy.
And I was like, listen, Marty, I'm going to stop you right there.
I'm not going.
And he's like, well, you know, he's like, I think you have to go.
You're saying this to Martin Brodeur.
You had enough.
You didn't give a shit.
You know what, this guy, yeah, I don't want to get into it,
but great guy, great goaltender.
But I was called up a couple years before.
He came out of the chilling at home to take my spot, took my number.
Then this guy sent me down to the cheddar.
So I was like.
I ain't doing it.
So I was like, no.
But he's a great guy.
We have a great relationship still.
But yeah, from there, I said no.
They didn't really know what to do.
They went and talked to someone.
Because they probably expected me to go. Did they know that you didn't have to?
I wonder.
Man, it was a really funny scene.
But I don't want to get into it on here.
Is that out of character for you?
Or had you just been so fed up because you knew that you had it in you
and you felt like you were getting dicked around
and nobody was taking you seriously?
And no offense to Marty Brodeur, he's a legendary goalie,
hockey hall of famer, but you at that point were just like,
yo, fuck it.
I'm sick and tired of this bullshit.
Well, that's where the year in Providence was huge for me
because I went there and I kind of got my new respect level back,
whereas it kind of got stale in St. Louis.
The one I've had in, like, junior and then, like, when I first got to pro,
I went to Providence and, like, Boston was just, it was a great,
it was a well-run organization and, like, their management was talking to me,
the coaching staff was great, and I got that new respect
and it kind of instilled more belief in me to kind of keep my head down and saying you're doing the right thing you're in the right direction
so then I had that belief to where I was confident enough to be like no like I know I'm better than
that I know I'm gonna play somewhere did you think if if maybe things didn't work out in St.
Louis that Boston would have been your next location just because of how you'd played for
their AHL team? Potentially.
There was potential there,
but maybe some
talks about after you're
a free agent, maybe we'll see where we're at.
I'm pretty sure Boston tried to trade for you
for the guy that you were splitting time
with in Providence.
I'm pretty sure that's not all.
We're sticking with that narrative and that rumor, so just
let's keep it on here.
I don't want to say too much here.
I'm trying to keep it to the audience.
No, you're doing great.
But the thing I think you say that makes so much sense is
it was finally getting your bosses to give you some respect.
And at the time, yeah, your bosses aren't technically in Providence
because they're not paying you,
but they're still your coaching staff, and you're like,
dude, I finally feel good about myself again.
Because as much as you tell yourself, you need somebody else to tell you once in a while
for sure and that was huge for me and the outlook and then the numbers were doing well the record
was good and so they were happy with wins you know like any organization if you're winning for them
everything's smooth so um that was great for me and it just such, the story is really wild to me, just the learning experiences and the built-up animosity
that I used as kind of fire to drive myself.
When I think about that, it's a pretty good feeling.
Well, I mean, let's go there,
and you're not shy to talk about the dark side, because it did.
And at one point, you didn't feel like anyone believed in you, and sometimes you end up going the other way i know you spent some time in chicago and
at one point you were so fed up and i'll let you take over from here about the story when you ended
up leaving for for 24 hours little trip yeah so uh i feel like it's okay to tell the story now
it's been a long time and uh so basically when i was in chicago
wolves it's my third year there that's when i had been in camp with you that year yeah i saw you
guys by the way i remember you guys come in you guys came in and uh i just remember biz walking
around the room and he goes where's wit i heard this guy's such a such a fucking beauty or like
i know this guy's a beauty and he was looking for you and now you guys are doing this so it's so
funny but well that was like when i heard he was gonna be there i was like yes yeah i got a running mate in camp you guys were rolling
together yeah that week okay that's where the idea for this podcast but let's get back to the
chicago thing because i think people really need to hear this story uh okay so so we had uh we're
in chicago craig brube was the coach and um i i was the starter i was the coach. And I was the starter.
I was the first guy that year.
But I could feel the tension coming.
They were kind of moving on.
You know when things get stale.
You could sense.
I could feel it.
I trust my intuition a lot.
And that was a time where I was like, hmm.
So then we were doing all right.
We were in a playoff spot.
But we probably could have been doing better.
I probably could have been doing better.
I could have for sure.
And I think it was,
so this moment was so pivotal for me
to learn that experience
and realize that it can change so quickly.
And so we were playing,
it was the game before Christmas, I think.
And I was the starter at that point.
And I, oh no, yeah.
So I got, I don't know what happened i might have gotten
pulled the game before or something and then the next game the guy who was playing phoenix copley
beauty great guy yes great goaltender he's he's gonna be be around and uh he was starting and it
was one nothing in rockford so we're it's, 1-0. They got great hot dogs there.
So second period, I have my buddy Scooter Vaughn, huge beauty also.
He runs up, grabs me a dog.
And in Rockford, you sit in the corner, not on the bench.
Yes, you could crush a dog.
So I went back to the room for, I don't know, two minutes.
It's 1-0, a couple minutes in the second period.
Slam a hot dog.
And then I go back, and I sit in the chair,
and I'm just watching, you know, my hat's like, whatever.
Next thing, they score, so it's 1-1.
And I'm like, all right, it's fine, you know, 2-1.
And then I see my buddy Bryce Gervais, another beauty,
sorry, I'm going to keep name dropping.
I love it.
He comes over, and he's using the toe of his stick,
and he's like, hey, you're going in.
And I'm like, all right.
You know, like where's my bucket?
I don't know.
So I grab my bucket.
There's a hot dog wrapper in it.
Go in.
First two shots, two goals.
And then so it was 2-1.
I let in two, finished the game.
It's like I let in four total.
But then we were just, the game was over.
The boys were taking penalties. It's like two back-to- total, but then we were just the game was over the boys are taking penalties
It's like two back-to-back five on threes
I'm like I'm so fed up inside with the situation that's going on and I can feel what this you know
the outside noise with the whole business part of it and
I'm like fuck it. I'm gonna kill this five on three penalty
I'm gonna do something like because I sometimes I like lose it you snap I snap and I like that You know, I like to on the ice. I snap. And I like that.
I like guys with fire.
That's what makes you who you are.
Yeah, thanks, Whit.
I like guys with fire, you know?
That can just snap.
And they're totally different on the ice.
So yeah, that happened.
It was PC Labrie.
So we kill the penalty.
And then I cover the puck.
And then he's in the crease.
And I have the end of my stick.
And I just slapped him with my blade, like right in the cheek.
And then I got no penalty, but the ref was right there and he's just like, hey, like watch your stick.
And then I was like, okay, so that didn't work.
And then he ends up getting in a scrum in the other end and then he's getting kicked out of the game and he has to come by my crease to go off the ice.
And I'm like, I don't even, I don't even know what I said.
It was probably pathetic.
I was just like, see you, bud.
You know?
And then he's just like, what?
He's like, what?
And he just comes over.
And then we start going at it through the linesman.
And then next thing I know, I look up the ice.
And all nine skaters are coming down.
Here we go.
So I was like, all right, it's on.
So now someone else find piece
of the breed because you know he's out of my weight class for sure yeah so then i like get out
of that and i just like toss my stuff and i go out the other goalie and he's like not having any of it
so then i'm like i don't remember he's a european guy and i'm like all right well whatever so i just
the fans the fans in rockford i think it's like if you score seven goals, you get free hot hamburgers or something.
So I was going around the glass and I'm like,
no free hamburgers, you cheap fuck.
I was just putting on a show.
It's an entertainment business.
So when things aren't going well, you got to make an impact,
please the fans a little bit.
Make it a show.
Make it a show.
How is Berube feeling about that?
Oh yeah, that's not even make it a show make it a show how is berube feeling about that so then uh oh yeah that's not even the original story so so then uh i talked to chief a couple days later he's like
yeah you don't gotta you don't gotta do that shit you know like you don't need to do that stuff
you're the goalie bro i'm like yeah i was just caught up it was emotional whatever and then
i ended up getting suspended for the stick slap so no penalty in front of the ref, but get a sussy.
Yeah, yeah.
So I get suspended for a game.
So they call up the other goalie.
And then the team goes on an eight-game winning streak.
I've never been healthy scratched in my career.
So I'm like, what the fuck's going on?
Like, it's going downhill.
And I'm like...
Started a third string quick.
I need a sip here.
Hey, remembering this is crazy, though. Because where it all is now, it's like wild.
This isn't that long ago.
You got to let me talk here.
This is getting deeper.
So we got eighth game winning streak, and a guy is hurt, Jordan Caron.
He was with Boston.
He broke his hand.
He had surgery.
But we were doing the Super Stitches thing where he would read the lineup
before every game because the team was on a winning streak.
But then he got hurt.
But he still came to the rink and read the lineup.
So it's the eighth game.
They won eight.
So they won eight in a row.
And then we play in Rockford again. But it's a Sunday. And it was the end of a 3-3. And we have the day off the eighth game. They won eight. So they won eight in a row. And then we play in Rockford again.
But it's a Sunday.
And it was the end of a three and three.
And we have the day off the next day.
So I'm like, man, I got to get the fuck out of here.
Like, I got to just blow it up.
I got to just lose it and come back and feel refreshed.
You know what I mean?
So he agrees with me.
It's like Saturday night.
And we don't have to go on the road.
But we have to go to the rink in the morning for the workout.
So I wake up in the morning.
He was dating a girl.
I don't know if he wants me to say it, but he was dating Jeannie Bouchard,
the tennis player.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And I was single at the time, and I woke up at like 7 or 8 a.m.,
and I got a text, and she booked our flights for us.
Like she got us tickets to Cirque du Soleil.
Like it was a smooth, smooth trip layout.
And so basically I wake up and I'm like, fuck, all right, I guess I'm going.
So I pack a bag.
I go to the rink and only me and him know.
I have a roommate, Jordan Schmaltz, who needs to come on this podcast at one point.
He's hilarious. His brother plays with the Jordan Schmaltz, who needs to come on this podcast at one point. He's hilarious.
His brother plays with the Coyotes.
Yeah, yeah.
Beauty.
So we go to the rink, and the whole team's there.
They do their meeting video before they go on the road.
And we're there, and we do the video.
But we were just in the gym, and we're working out, and we're like, the beats are going,
you know, because we planned a trip to Vegas.
So we ended up jacked
yeah so we ended up going so they left for the rink and or they left for the game and jordan
was still doing the lineups so they were like hey can you film yourself reading the lineups
that will play it in the room for the boys on the projector. So before we leave for the airport, I videotaped this guy.
And he's like, all right, starting tonight.
You know, we got blah, blah, blah.
And he's trying to get the boys going, you know.
And then he's like, all right, you send it in to the coach.
And I'm like, okay.
And I had this coach in junior.
So I had his old number.
So we end up going to the airport.
We're in the air.
We got Wi-Fi.
And he's like, yo, Chuck is texting me for the video.
And I'm like, what do you mean?
I just sent it to him.
And then he's like, no, that's his old number, I guess.
So we're in the air.
And I'm like, fuck, we got to get this video.
We didn't want to tell anyone that we were doing this trip, too. And they're like, why can't you send the video? And I'm like, I'm we got to get this video. Yeah, they're going to lose. Because we didn't want to tell anyone that we were doing this trip too.
And they're like, why can't you send the video?
And I'm like, I'm on Wi-Fi in the sky.
Like I don't have enough service for it, you know?
Or whatever.
Yeah, so then they don't get the video.
Tell me they lose.
They lose.
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
We land in Vegas.
We go 36 hours.
We come home.
I come home on a red eye.
I got,
got into my bed at like,
got into my bed
like pretty late
and then just go right to practice.
My roommate,
I didn't tell him.
He's like,
he's like,
Finner,
like,
where are you?
What's going on?
You haven't been home
in like a day and a half.
And then,
so I ended up telling him
like halfway through,
I sent him a snap out of like Caesar's's palace or something he's like what what's going
on you're in vegas yeah but um yeah so that's pretty much the story then we went back and
that was so i was telling you it's so pivotal for me because i really just let myself go and came
back and i was like all right time to work and you know what's crazy is I, so then I took like a selfie and I was like, all right,
comeback story begins.
And it was three years.
So it's, it was a year later, no, two years later to my first start.
So I'm going to the rink for my first start in Philly and I'm looking at my Snapchat memories
and it's like me in Vegas.
And then it's like, all right, now we go. And I really just put my head down and I'm looking at my Snapchat memories and it's like me in Vegas and then it's like alright now we go and I really
just put my head down and I just fucking worked
and I believed
in myself and like
was surrounded by good mentors in Toronto
area and you know
got good goalie coaches in St. Louis who
you know the minor league guy Dave Rogalski really
believed in me and he was
good and it just escalated from
there man and it's it's a crazy
story behind the scenes and i put a lot of you know it seems like an out of nowhere story but
there was a lot of build-up and experiences and just yeah even uh yeah you know no i was just
gonna say that you're you're basically uh the biggest uh was it proponent are a fan of proponent
is that the word i'm thinking of well proponent can't be a fan okay he's the biggest proponent are a fan of? Proponent? Is that the word I'm thinking of? Well, proponent can be a fan.
Okay, he's the biggest proponent of the bye week
in NHL player history.
This guy lives for his bye week.
But I think you're just saying that
you came
out of nowhere to most hockey fans, and
your whole point is there was a lot of shit
before it that you don't know. It might
seem like that to you, but this was my life for
four years, and it was a grind. and i i like it was tough there's a couple years where
you know i had i was kind of like what what's next there's no openings no one's telling me anything
i guess i'm just gonna keep getting by in the ahl and waiting and then i kind of hit a moment where
i was like man no one cares.
No one fucking cares.
And I remember I called.
It's a lonely feeling.
So that year I went where they had no team for me and I went to Providence.
I called Doug Armstrong in the summer in August and I was like, hey, I just want to let you know I'm coming.
So I started putting myself out there because I knew I had to be bold because I was in a spot where people they didn't take you seriously like you said and I had to be bold and I had to use the philosophy of
squeaky wheel gets the oil like so and uh after the year in Providence I was in San Antonio and
every single game I would text my agent being like this is what I'm doing do find something for me
and I was putting up numbers and I was like being being bold to him and trying to get him to stick his neck out for me.
Like, yeah, do something.
You know, like I'm working.
I've stayed quiet this whole time.
Now it's time for me to make some noise.
And then it leads me to my next point where I ended up texting like someone in management with St. Louis after a game.
It was 1-1.
And we went into a shootout or overtime.
I was like, if I win this game, I'm going home,
and I'm texting the management guy.
It was Bill Armstrong.
So I went home in my suit.
I sat there, wrote out this long text message,
basically telling him because a couple years prior in Chicago,
before I got taken out, he said, Hey, man, do you think you're ready to play in the NHL?
And I was like, yeah, like, I'm good.
And he was like, well, there's going to be a spot opening up soon.
So, like, you know, be ready.
And then I learned over my experience that I wasn't ready at all.
I needed to learn so much more.
And you think you're ready.
There's plenty of guys in the minor leagues you think you're ready at so young,
but you got to just let time go
and trust your instincts and see where it takes you.
So basically I sent a text.
I said, hey, man, I don't know if you remember this,
but a couple of years ago you asked me
if I was ready to play in the NHL.
I just want to let you know I'm ready.
And then the next day I got called up.
Are you kidding me?
Are you serious?
Holy fuck.
And it's just crazy because they don't know.
They have to put their neck on the line for you.
So if you portray strong confidence and belief in yourself,
it makes it easier for them to make a decision.
So that happened, and then I was called up.
I didn't play for 12 games,
and then I kept telling them, like,
I want to be part of the solution.
Like, I know how to play this role,
but I know how to play the other role too.
And the team's losing, and you're like,
dude, the confidence continues.
Like, I can do this.
And then they put you in, and, like,
they'll pull the other guy and put you in and then you get scored on.
And it's like I'm a guy who I like to kind of control the game.
I like to feel out the whole game.
I can't just hop in halfway.
Well, you can.
It's part of the job.
But at that point, I would like to step in and just show what I can do.
You know what I mean?
Something that went viral was when you got asked by the reporter,
and then your comment was, do I look nervous?
In that two years of preparation, did you gain so much strength mentally
where you're like, no, this is what I've prepared for.
I know I'm good, and that's why you were so confident hopping in?
Yeah, and it's also part of the entertainment aspect.
I like to have fun with it.
I knew I wanted to make a big statement that would make some noise. Chestnut checkers.
Yeah, it's kind of methodical in a way.
It just blew up and yeah, it went well.
But don't you, I think that you've made it clear, like you're kind of into your brand. I know that sounds like a little NBA-ish, but nowadays it's like you can realize what you can do by being out there more, by coming on with us.
The way you're talking right now, I mean, it's like the career you have right now for people to be able to see the other side of you, it's valuable.
I sense that you believe that.
Yeah, I don't want to say I want to change the game, but those are comments that you throw around with your buddies.
We got a lot to us.
We're funny people, and it's good to show your personality
and not just be by the book.
We're regular people, and we've been through a lot.
I think this is a great way to really hear stories from past players.
I think current players like me, a great way to really hear stories from past players and
i think current players like me it's it's tough to say certain stories and i'm trying to keep it
in between i'm trying to keep it clean here but yeah how long before you thought that you had
also the guy's confidence because i know you guys ended up going on that crazy win streak at what
point did were guys coming up to you being like man this is this ain't a fluke you're our guy uh it was just random times that you could sense it right and i was just so focused
on myself and being there just doing my role is just be there for the boys you know be there if
the boys need you and just hold it down and and uh you know have a presence and um over time I don't know when a certain
moment was but uh it was a special year and um I'm so thankful to with how it went and it was
great how was your relationship with Jake Allen because I mean you essentially come in and swipe
his job from him did that affect you guys at all or was he supporting you 100 no he's honestly
like since I was drafted he was always just a genuine person.
And, you know, he's a good leader for himself.
He conducts himself well.
And I remember I got called up a couple years ago
when he took me to the Rams game.
And, you know, we had a great day.
It was a blast.
And he was great last year.
And he just  he's such a hard worker.
He's a great goalie.
So we're pretty fortunate right now to have the boys' trust in both of us.
But he was great the whole time.
And he was, like, even just seeing him after he won the Cup
and just hugging him, you could feel it was real.
He's just such a good Canadian boy, team first, and it made us successful.
Now, during the cup run, did you get nervous at all?
I know you had a good quote for the media,
but were there any times you kind of shit your pants a little during the cup run?
Not really.
I mean, the biggest game for me was when all that stuff came out from my Twitter in the past,
and then they had to they dropped
it so that's that's a funny story well not really funny sorry but uh so i i shut my phone off i went
lebron mode for for playoffs no social media zero dark 50 turned it off at 10 o'clock p.m
and then uh at like midnight i get a text from my girlfriend. She's like, hey, did you turn off your Twitter too?
And I'm like, yeah, why?
And she's like, no reason.
And then a couple minutes later, she's like, you might want to go on and delete some of your tweets.
And I was like, what do you mean?
And she was explaining it to me.
And I was like, I don't think I went.
I trust myself to not go over the line.
You know what?
This brings me to my point about biz.
Because my twitter name has
been nasty it's because i loved biz when when i was younger your tweets were so funny man like
dude not younger but i was and i loved it and i would like tell my dad about it my dad's probably
just like why the fuck are you looking after this guy you know but you know he's in the fourth line
but i found your your humor was so funny and you were just being real and that and you're like people would chirp you on twitter and you just
hammer them right back and i was like i respect that like have fun with it yeah so then i'm not
saying you're my influence for the bad tweets if you want to take blame that's good i'll take the
blame for it yeah thanks but yeah no hard feelings with that stuff and you know the yeah i i shot it
i mean that was a point in time where it's just like everybody
was just trying to drag up people's past in order to gain any type of clout and obviously your brand
and name had popped off and i just felt that that guy doing it was just it was just slimy there was
no benefit there's no benefit in what he was doing and yeah i mean it was nice to see that it didn't
end up affecting you because you know that we all know the story after that.
I wanted to ask you about who mainly were the people that helped you
and guided you for that two years in order to get where you got to?
Yeah, and that's a big question because there's so many people.
And it's almost like everything came together since I was a kid.
Because I was in goalie school like nine weeks a summer.
My dad had me in goalie school nine weeks a summer every summer.
Really?
With the same goalie school.
And then I switched to another goalie coach.
And I learned a lot from him.
So I've been with probably like five guys and different mentors.
And I find it's important that you take,
you don't just stay with one person because there's so much out there.
And you can take little pieces from everyone you meet.
But the people who helped it really all come together was
Matty Nickel and Andy Chiodo.
Those guys were, you know, out of Toronto.
I played with Chiodo.
Did you?
Yep, Chico. We're with Kyoto. Did you? Yep.
Chico.
Yep.
Chico.
We're going to get him on the podcast.
Very interesting. He stole Fleury's job one year in the minors.
Actually, it was the year of the Laco when the league was really good.
He was incredible.
Yeah.
He's a driven guy.
Yeah, he is.
Yeah.
So he kind of taught me the philosophy of preparation is confidence and life's a movie
you create.
So on the back of my bucket, I have a video camera. So that's something you look at. Life's a movie you create. So on the back of my bucket, I have a video camera.
So that's something you look at.
Life's a movie you create.
So every time I go on the ice, I'm like, all right, what are you creating?
What's your story today?
So that's kind of like my mentality.
And yeah, he's been huge for me and we have a great relationship.
And Matty Nickel, he's taught me a lot.
Fitness and health and just how to take care of
yourself yeah um the mental aspect we talk about him quite a bit on on uh so so would you say that
you're a fairly emotional person you wear your hotter in your sleeve uh a little bit but i'm
also aware of you know like i don't if i see red i know the the line. But emotionally, I care about people a lot,
and I want to win for sure.
I don't know.
That's what drives you.
I heard another interesting story last night.
Who are you talking to?
A lot of people.
Don't worry, buddy.
We've got sources about you.
Stitches get stitches.
We've got sources for you, Vinny.
So your father gets interviewed by Andy Strickland
right after you guys win the Western Conference,
and he's looking around, and he's like,
what's going on here?
He's like, we haven't won shit yet.
We won the Western Conference.
Whoop-de-fucking-do.
We still got another round to do.
Do you have a very similar mindset to your old man?
Did you guys talk about that interview
after the Western Conference final? That's exactly how my dad is he he's very like humble doesn't say
much and just you know results and um that is that's a funny interview because he i remember
he pulled me aside and he like tried to one-on-one me he's had a couple vodkas and he's like he's
like i don't
understand why everyone's so happy like you haven't won anything like exactly what you just said and
i'm like yeah but it's you know it's first time in a long time they've done and he's like doesn't
matter like you got more to do so i'd say my mindset my discipline my self-discipline which
took time to learn the self-discipline um is from him, and he's really a solid human in my life.
Strickland was so funny.
He's like, yeah, the Blues alumni are sitting there crying.
First trip to the Cup Finals in 40 years,
and the star goalie's dad's like, I don't fucking care.
You get that cup to raise.
I thought that was so funny last night.
What about Game 7? Because we talked to Patrick Maroon yesterday. You get that cup to raise. I thought that was so funny last night. What about game seven?
Because we talked to Patrick Maroon yesterday.
He was with Cam Jansen.
It was funny, but he said that Chief's speech before was so simple and quick,
and it was just like the boys were just ready to go.
There was no tenseness and long, pump-up vibes given out by him.
No.
I'm pretty sure it was like, boys, you played this game thousands of times in your head.
Go out there and do it like something simple like that and and chief is such a such a strong presence and he's he's a huge part of the reason we were successful and um yeah it was just a light
vibe and even the plane the the flight over to boston the boys were chilling like because there
was so much buzz about game six winning at home like we took a bus through the whole city and everyone's out partying already
and then you got to go and kind of get it going which is our job but um once we kind of got on
the flight out it was just like normal like any other game that season that I was up there for and
um you know we got good leaders for that, like Steiner and O'Reilly.
Like, they're solid when it comes to that stuff just to, you know,
set the tone and set the vibe and keep it loose.
So, yeah, I would say that's my answer to that.
Were you feeling bombarded in that first period? I think Boston outjotted like 20 to 3 at one point.
Were you just like, let's get out of this like 0-0 and we'll be all right here?
What was your mentality in that first period?
Just compete.
Yeah.
Play free and compete and see what happens.
And the boys got a couple in that first period, which was huge.
Yeah, they threw a lot at us that first period.
And after that, the boys kind of tightened it up and the rest is history, right?
Yeah, it sure is.
What did you do with your day with your cup?
I had sent pictures of him with it to his old coaches saying, fuck you.
Yeah, do I look like Tulsa?
We have to fucking talk about the Bieber stuff too.
We haven't even mentioned that.
Yeah, when's that going down?
Any dates?
We're not getting the dates yet, are we?
There are no dates.
All right.
That guy's probably the busiest man in the world.
So, like, I don't know what I'm going to...
Yeah, but the thing about busy men and rich men,
they'll make time for passions, and that dude loves hockey.
And he is passionate.
And you know what's funny is,
so I play with a guy in junior, Joey Hishon.
He's a first-rounder to Colorado Avalanche.
And he's from Stratford. And unfortunately, healanche and um he's from stratford and uh unfortunately
got like some concussion issues along the way and he's such a talented player and i actually
learned so much from just playing with that guy he was a guy who super nice dude uh funny
like start good humor and then he puts his helmet on and like don't fuck with him and i i respect
people like that so much because you're out there you know that's your job and um i kind of learned that from him
and but unfortunately some stuff happened and uh he was he retired and um it's i don't know if it's
unfortunate or not maybe you wanted to but uh he opened up a hockey school in stratford which is
where bieber's from so after this bieber went down, I got Joey Hisham messaging me.
He's like,
Banner, I'm sorry, buddy.
I'm going to have to
follow the money here.
And I'm like,
what are you talking about?
So Biebs DMed Joey Hisham
and he flew Joey Hisham out
to train him in LA.
So he's training hard for this event.
And I'm like,
Joey, what a time to retire, dude.
Right?
And it's so funny
how the world circles back.
And it's just, so I'm happy with how it went with that.
And Bucky's a funny guy.
What's he saying about the lessons?
Like, is this guy just want to power skating, stick handling?
How does it go down?
Apparently, Scouting Report, he's working a lot on his slap shot from the slot.
It's going to be harder than business in a month.
I don't know if you listen to the podcast much, but I don't mind Bieber's music, and I actually cried
to his documentary, so I would love
to meet the guy. I know he...
Have you ever watched his documentary? Yeah.
Did you cry? Yeah, it was pretty emotional.
I don't know if I cried, but yeah.
I know you want in on it, though, Biz.
Well, I'd like to be there, because I want to meet
him, maybe talk about doing some content
together, you know?
Biebs, have you heard about Biz20?
Maybe we'll get a couple of swipe-ups.
No, Biebs was like, yeah, yeah.
Like, your security's like, yeah, yeah.
Hitting that magic button under his gear.
So what's the bet exactly?
He gets 10 breakaways.
How many does he have to score?
Just one?
Yeah, it's just one right now.
And do you think he could get one on you or no fucking chance?
Man, it's tough because sometimes with players who are kind of, you know.
Skate on their ankles?
Not up to NHL speed.
Like sometimes they like, you know, it's knuckle puck or could slide in.
So, you know, it's going to be an entertaining battle.
It's like playing poker with a guy who really doesn't know what he's doing.
I really, I'm not sure what to predict, but apparently the slap shot's on the list.
My buddy who played hockey, like D3 hockey in college, but he was good when you were little.
He was like, I'll score on Fleury if I had 10 breakaways.
I was like, there's no chance you would.
So Fleury's like, I'll do it.
You know, Captain Sprague's for the season.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So the kid goes out there, and Fleury's fucking around in the first breakaway and lets him score.
I'm like, dude, Fleury, what the fuck?
He's like, all right.
So he bears down, and then two through nine, and we're just like a joke.
Like, this kid had zero chance.
But on the 10th one, he's going so slow, and he makes a nice move to his backhand.
It's like it was too slow for Fleury.
He slides it in a five ball, and he was trying.
I was like, motherfucker, because that was the official loss.
So there is a chance that, like, his lack of speed and velocity could screw you over it's real man
it's real so that's a nice story to hear in case it yeah i just fucked you mentally because if jack
really could score bieber might be able to no you can't fuck me mentally i like asking every time
we have a goal you on i like to ask how did you get started as a goaltender?
Story, yeah, I asked my dad that one last year.
I got asked like 20 times.
Basically, I was a player, got cut from a team, went and tried out somewhere else,
and they needed a goalie.
I put on the gear, and then the story goes that the head coach,
they were doing tryouts, and he just took a slap shot, hit me right in the head, and I didn't move.
And he just went over to my dad.
He's like, he's on the team.
Hey, your son's a lunatic, so we're going to keep him in that.
So you went a little bit Sidney Crosby on your NHL contract.
Do you want to dive into that?
What are you talking about, numbers?
We're talking numbers here, baby.
How did you hear that?
Oh, buddy, I fucking got my sources.
Don't worry.
Yeah.
I like numbers, man.
You want to know something crazy?
So I finally moved out of the hotel last year,
and they put me in a place with a kitchen after a month.
And the room number was 7-E which is my birthday and i was like we're good like i know what's up like i i use those signs and might be
a cindy crosby thing but number 50 is my number and you know it is what it is this might be some
goalie stuff but so so on the contract you end up signing you you did what you did it's 8.8
but the numbers have to end in 50 yeah yeah i don't know what the exact numbers are but i made
them end in 50 they're like motherfucker this is just causing somebody like another hour of
paperwork another player because you're just being a weirdo about your superstition on your contract
um as far as guys on the team,
who's the guy that you hang around the most off the ice?
And why?
Well, I lost some soldiers this year in Edmondson and Fabry.
But we got a good group of guys, man.
And everyone, like you go out for dinner on the road,
and there's like 12 guys there since like 4 p.m.
You know, it's a good time. So it's a like 4 p.m you know it's it's a good
time so it's a big mixture but um you know sanford's a good guy and um so you know you get
your mix you go with the young guys see what's going on in the nightclubs uh with dunner and
and then you go holy this guy must just wheel like crazy he's a smoke it's a good looking dude
he does well in dress does he's dressed as well he's a guy wholooking dude. He does well in... He's dressed as well. He's a hype guy. He's clean.
He's a clean cat.
He listens to hip-hop, you know,
so he always tries to be dialed in
on all of his aspects of his life.
But, yeah, he's got some swagger
and a heck of a player, too.
So, stud, right?
That's the definition, pretty much.
Well, we talk about it quite a bit, too,
and the teams who bond the most
are usually the teams that are the most successful.
And, I mean, you guys were probably the drunkest team in the league last year like let's just call
spade a spade you know i'll talk about it uh we have a lot of fun you know um i don't know how to
end that question i just want to be like do these guys we do we have a lot of fun and we know we
know when it's business too right like we know and know, and it's great. Everyone's in sync, and you know when we have to focus up.
And when the time's right, we pick our spots well.
But yeah, you know, we land, we get changed, we meet up,
and then we go to dinner in like five hours.
So another story I heard was this year in Vancouver, you guys land.
The bus pulls up to the hotel, and Berube says,
you guys got 50 minutes to get downstairs.
We're all going to the Roxy.
Yeah, we went to the Roxy as a team.
That doesn't happen anymore.
We won the cup. We're rolling this year. We're going to the Roxy,
boys.
We keep it light.
We got to earn it too, right?
We're producing at the same time.
That goes into it.
What are your other interests off the ice?
You mentioned music. What are you doing are your other interests off the ice? I mean, you mentioned music.
What are you doing with your free time in the summer?
I know you just went on vacation with a girl snowboarding somewhere.
Yeah, I went to Aspen.
Aspen's what a town.
Clean, safe, good people.
But I like trips.
Yeah, I like to travel.
Did you build any snowmen?
No, no snowmen.
But hit that Cloud 9. Have you ever been there? No. Busy. You got to like to travel. Do you build any snowmen? No, no snowmen. But hit that Cloud 9.
Have you ever been there?
No.
Busy.
You got to go to Cloud 9, man.
I can't afford Aspen yet.
I need that 8.8 contract if you're going to Aspen.
I'll stick to like...
There's no promo code in Aspen.
Slide in with Larry Flowers, man.
Okay.
He's connected.
He's well connected out there.
Yeah, they had a six set up.
I saw that they were just out there.
No, they might have been in...
They were in Tahoe.
They were in Tahoe. Fuck, he's all over the place. I saw that they were just out there. No, they might have been in Tahoe.
The other rich spot.
Were you always a boarder or did you have a ski before?
No, I'm a skier, but
you're not really allowed to ski under
contract.
It wasn't really hitting the slopes too hard.
Unless you're Vladimir Malikov,
defensive for the Canadians who was out with a knee injury
and they caught him at the ski mountain in Quebec.
No way.
There's a story about, I forget which russian it was but they were in florida and he i think he
said hey i got the flu and he stayed back didn't go to the practice and they were driving back on
the bus and they saw him hand in hand on rollerblades on the boardwalk with some girl
wait is that such and such they all turn luckily the coach hadn't seen
it but one of those types of situations um when you talked about music do you do the boots and
hearts and uh near toronto big music festival guy um concerts you know toronto has so many concerts
um but i i just pretty much patrol king street and uh you know but the last couple years i've
kind of early on i had a lot of fun and the last couple years i've kind, you know, but the last couple of years, I've kind of, early on, I had a lot of fun.
And the last couple of years, I've kind of, you know,
figured out what my motivations are
and what I need to do for that.
So I just kind of hang around and around the city of Toronto
and hang out with buddies.
I was just going to ask,
who's like the coolest person you've gotten to meet
because of your celebrity status now
and achieving what you've achieved oh man uh john ham's around a lot he's a super nice
dude my coast uh not a big deal all right this guy man so funny um but i would say when we went to the SB Awards, they got to shake up with Quavo and D. Wade.
So I was like, Dwayne Wade's, you know,
I fucking love athletes who are just so successful
and driven and just dominate.
And, you know, it's kind of,
so I'd say he's up there for,
oh, well, and then the president's up there,
but obviously people don't really like him.
I'm Canadian, so I don't have any comment on it.
But that's obviously some status.
Yeah.
You know?
John Hamm, not joking aside, he is a great guy, though, isn't he?
Oh, yeah.
Like, well, he's coming to town, and we'll go have some beers,
and he's just a super cool, down-to-earth guy,
and friendly to people who are coming up and talking to him.
guy and um friendly to you know people who are coming up and talking to him and um yeah at the awards actually i actually uh got to gamble with him a little bit and that was kind of a cool
experience you know and was he chucking around a lot he was chucking around a lot of cash good for
him dude yeah yeah you can get all that money a couple hundreds yeah fuck i mean he came on with
us he interviewed with us he's a great guy just Just diehard Blues fan. He is a big Blues fan.
Yeah.
This summer, were you thinking at any point long-term deal?
Or did you kind of know it was going to be shorter?
I mean, what was the deal with kind of getting signed?
I wasn't sure.
I was kind of waiting to hear what their side of it was.
And then, you know, that's what we came up with.
Yeah, two years, and then you just get paid.
Anything else you want to talk about specifically?
No.
I mean, maybe the cup party, the parade, the cup party.
The parade was a blast, man.
Like, we didn't really know what to expect.
And we were out the whole night before.
And you go in and we take, you should see our team pictures that morning.
You get your gear on and go to the night.
You get your gear on and everyone's trying to sit up for the picture.
But it was so fun.
The whole city was having a blast
and it was going all night, all day.
And then we went out and then we hit the parade.
You come outside and there's, I don't know how many,
hundreds of thousands of people.
And then after a couple of couple minutes I was like all right like you know maybe we got to get off these floats and and interact a little bit and then next thing we know everyone's running around
and getting interacting with the fans and so I think it made it fun for everyone and um it's a
really cool experience for for the city of St.is and uh for the boys we will remember that forever um yeah and then the cup party uh cup party i gotta tell a story because um me and my
buddies we throw one annual party a year so it started because i went to a couple years ago i
was called up for two weeks or something and then we had all-star break in the minors and i went somewhere
with another guy from the minors and a couple buddies flew out and we were going out and it
was a monday night and i was like boys like i got it you know like this night's on me it's gonna
cost a hundred bucks i i thought it was gonna be like you know maybe 1500 bucks you know i'll wake
up in the morning and i don't know what went down at this place,
but something wasn't right.
Woke up, found a receipt in my pocket
for 7,500 American.
Oh, fuck.
And I was called this.
I'm on a minor league salary.
I got called up, and I'm like,
boys, I don't know about this.
What happened, boys?
I don't think I can eat all this.
And then, so my one buddy who was in minors
ended up paying me and then my other buddy who works he owns a business in toronto area
and he's like he's like my longtime best buddy he's like man i don't know if i can just hand you
two thousand dollars cash it's like what if i just throw you a party and then because my birthday's in july and i was like
all right i'll take that deal so we started this annual boat party in toronto and first year um
first year was small but it was bumping and then picked up a little bit the next year
grew more the third year and uh this summer was our fourth annual they had the cup and i was like
and we were playing the ball party and i was like boys i get the cup on this day why don't we just
do like a cup party and then uh so i so that party that's how it originated and i ended up
so in the finals i and it's because i'm all about motivation and i try to find consistent motivation
I'm all about motivation.
I try to find consistent motivation just chasing new things in short term.
In the finals,
I had one bet.
I was like, all right, if I win,
I'm blowing the doors
off of a cup party.
I gave myself a 50K budget.
Oh, fuck.
I'm like, all right, you got to.
For the city of Toronto and your
pals, get it going.
And then the other one I did was one of my best buds, uh, Flinner.
He's, uh, loves his show.
Loves wet.
He's going to be pumped.
Give him a shout out.
He loves it.
You're fucking awesome.
I don't even know you.
I love you.
Any fan of me is, I love.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That works.
That boy wins.
And, uh, and he's like this guy, you know, he'll get a paycheck for two grand and you'll get like half a sleeve done.
You know, he's like one of those guys.
He's funny and good, loyal, good, loyal soldier.
And I said, if I win, I'm going to finish his sleeve for him.
So I end up finishing his sleeve for him.
And he put I didn't I was like, don't maybe put my initials or something on it.
But he ended up getting my face on it.
Oh, geez.
Idiot. Right. It's on there. But he ended up getting my face on it. Oh, geez. Idiot, right?
It's on there.
That is a sick prep.
And we'll battle sometimes every couple of months, you know, when you get into it with
one of your buddies.
Yeah.
But we always come back.
I wish I never got you on my arm.
Yeah, yeah.
Dude, what are you going to say to me?
You got me on your arm plenty.
Yeah, that's it.
So I haven't made your nose look better in my fucking tattoo, you piece of shit.
Well, I got the cage on, man.
Oh, okay, perfect.
I made sure.
Yeah.
But yeah, so I got to do those two things, and that was kind of like my motivation, and
then obviously winning the Stanley Cup.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you get any tattoos after you won the Cup?
No, I got no tats.
None?
I'm in the angle of maybe it's cool down the road when you have no tats, because everyone's
getting tats.
Right, right.
Or you get a scarecrow.
Listen, I'm in the angle of all these idiots with tats when they're 77 years old
and they have wrinkly skin are gonna look so dumb and i'm just gonna have my white pale milk body
action with no stupid halloween stickers like biz or chinese writing like somebody else it looks
i got that too you asshole basically if you have if you have tattoos, you got to stay in good shape.
And I've never been in good shape.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm not a tattoo guy.
You a big movie guy at all?
Nah, not really.
I actually went there.
You told the Vegas story.
What was the Cirque du Soleil show you went to?
Couldn't tell you.
I was going to say, does he remember?
He was actually in the show.
I was on stage.
I did a couple splits for that.
It was good.
I thought when you were originally telling the story of going to Vegas
that you guys flew out there and then sent the lineup.
She sent the lineup and answered from the pool party.
The coaches are like, what the fuck?
That's an indoor pool outside Chicago.
Get a couple cocktail servers to do it with the cardboard cutout letters.
Well, Benner, honestly, I think that this has been not only informative for me,
I can't imagine people at home getting to hear about what you went through to get where you did.
So happy for you.
Congratulations, and thanks for coming on.
Thanks, man.
We're in a good spot.
You guys are doing great, too.
It's been a blast.
Go Blues.
Love it.
A big thanks once again to Jordan Bennington for joining us out in St. Louis.
Great dude. Great dude.
Great, great stories.
Yeah, just the way, you know, sometimes I think a good lesson, man.
Sometimes you got to fucking take a swing in life, you know,
throw your balls on the table.
And he wasn't shy about doing that.
It's been great for his career.
Fumble.
We did have one quick sign I want to mention as well.
Columbus signed veteran forward Nathan Gerby to a two-year,
1.5 million extension.
The 32-year-old has three goals and five assists in 17 games with Columbus.
Nice to see Gerby extend his time with the Jackets.
And guys, if you're looking to extend your time, you need to check out Roman Swipes.
Of course, I'm talking about in the rack.
Counting trophies and memorizing how many homers Dewey Evans hit doesn't do the trick,
but Roman Swipes does.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast acting.
You don't need a script.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each Swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet
for whenever you need it.
It's super easy to use.
That's the best part.
You take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to go.
That's it, and it won't transfer to your partner.
And when you go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets,
you get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
If you use the link GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
One more time, that's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Talking about the Blues once again,
a nice move by General Manager Doug Armstrong in the organization.
Joel Edmondson, of course, won the cup last year.
He ended up getting traded to Carolina in the Justin Falk deal.
So the Blues flew his parents in from Manitoba to the game
versus Carolina the other night.
Hell of a gesture by the Blues.
I thought that was pretty cool.
You guys, you know.
Very classy.
Yeah.
I know that word gets so fucking overplayed in sports,
but that's the appropriate
word. That was a very classy gesture.
You think it was because
we reminded Doug Armstrong
of basically
having fun when we screamed at him when we saw
him at the All-Star game in the hallway
and we tried to hug him, basically?
Could have been. Where the fuck's
my plane ride? Exactly.
Thanks, Doug.
I carry your organization for a training camp.
My parents didn't get to come to that preseason game versus Dallas in September that year.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah. I fought twice against Minnesota.
What's the big deal with the ring for Edmondson? Holy shit, Doug.
Yeah, a lot of times in the media, you know, we'll hear about the charges,
but then like three months later, we don't hear about the acquittal.
It's in the page 17 of the newspaper in a two inch column.
But we just want to know Gritty was accused of a violent act, physical assault.
But he was exonerated by the Philadelphia police.
The cops determined that Gritty did not commit physical assault as alleged.
Fucking Gritty, man.
He's always I'll say this.
It's normally, you know, like some type of PR like that might force the team
to say, you know what, let's slow it down a little bit.
No.
As soon as the charges get dropped, he's out the next day stuffing nuns.
There's nuns out there trying to sink hoops, and he's fucking stuffing them.
And then afterward, doing like the loop-de-loop with his crotch area,
and then he kind of like shoots it at them, at the nuns,
after he's crossing them over on the basketball court.
This guy is ruthless.
He doesn't give a fuck, dude.
He probably did hit that fucking kid.
He's making dirty TikToks.
Better call Saul.
That's who his lawyer is oh shit well anyways he was accused and he got off so we want to make sure people are aware that
gritty uh was a quitty a quitty gritty a quitty that kid's dad was the the guy who fell in the
penalty box for domey that guy just has it out for the entire organization man
hey speaking of the cops every night local local police departments across America get hundreds of calls from burglar alarms.
The vast majority of the time they have no idea whether the alarm is real.
Is it a crime? Is it not?
All the alarm company can tell them it's the motion sensor that went off.
Well, SimpliSafe home security is different.
If there's a break-in, SimpliSafe uses real video evidence to give police an eyewitness
to come to the crime right away.
That means police dispatch up to 350 faster than for a normal burglar alarm.
That's a pretty big number.
You get comprehensive protection for your entire home, plus SimpliSafe protects your
home from fires, water damage, and carbon monoxide poisoning.
It's 24-7 monitoring by live security professionals.
You can set up your system yourself.
No tools required, or SimpliSafe can do it for you.
And the best part, it's only 50 cents a day with no contracts.
I just got mine hooked up, and the thing's pretty sweet.
Having that extra peace of mind is clutch when you're going out of the house,
so get yours today.
Visit simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E.com slash chicklets.
You'll get free shipping and a 60-day risk-free trial.
You got nothing to lose.
Go now and be sure you go to simplisafe.com slash chicklets
so they know our show sent you.
One more time for the people in the back, that's simplisafe.com slash chicklets so they know our show sent you. One more time for the people in the back.
That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
All right, boys.
Anniversaries.
We had one last week.
The New Jersey Devils celebrated the 20th anniversary of their 2000
coupling over Dallas, who was looking for a repeat that year.
It was actually a really cool moment going back to 2000
in game six of that final.
Peter Sikora got buried by Darian Hatcher,
bad enough that he had to go to the hospital during the game.
Later that night, Jason Anot clinched the cup in OT
off a sick pass from Patrick Elias.
The Devils brought the cup to the hospital.
They brought it to Sikora's hospital room,
but he never got to take that customary lap until the other night
when they had the anniversary get-together.
He was the last player.
They introduced him.
He got the skate out with his shirt on, holding the cup over his head.
So I'm sure the Devils fans liked it, and if you're just a fan of the sport,
it was actually pretty cool for a guy to get his lap 20 years later.
That's incredible.
I didn't know that was the story.
Peter Sikora.
Peter Sikora is one of the best guys I've ever played with.
He has the funniest little saying, or I mean, I'm sure he didn't make it up.
Maybe he did.
Every day, rest is a weapon, boys.
Rest is a weapon.
It is.
This check ax, rest is a weapon, boys.
He's so shocked and disappointed.
Days we were practicing.
My legs, boys.
They're tired.
Rest is a weapon.
And it's so true. And he scored that goal
in triple overtime or whatever the hell it was in the Stanley Cup Finals, Game 5, to keep that
series alive. And I hugged him. I was, John, sick of you, sick fuck, sick of you, sick fuck, yeah.
And I loved playing with him. And I think it was a really cool thing to give him the chance to skate around with it,
knowing that night he was in the frigging hospital.
Hey, that's wild that you said that.
I was like, oh, no way he's got another quote.
I would always come in the trainer's room, and he'd always be getting rubbed.
And he'd have his hands behind his head, and he'd say,
rest is a weapon, eh, biz?
And he'd have a fucking chew.
Basically, I was at the other end of the room, and his lip was touching me. That's how big a fucking chew basically it was i was i was at the other end
of the room and his lip was touching me that's how big that fucking chew was in his lip big old
hook big old hook on his stick i know what you were thinking fellas and women big old hook on
his stick and just a sick snapshot one timer every type of shot you can imagine this guy was a sniper
so it's funny that you mentioned the rest part, though,
is because I've never seen Sikora mad up until one time.
We were on a jet.
We were going from, I believe we were in Sweden,
playing the preseason game for the Penguins against a team in Finland.
So he's getting his pregame nap in because we have to travel
during that period of time. Don't fuck with his
nap. Dude, she
woke him up to tell him to move
his seat up. Now,
KK, time out. For you people listening
are like, well, that's normal. Well, no, it's not.
Not in the National League. Not in the National
League. Don't bother me about anything.
I could be there sitting buck naked.
Don't wake me up.
You could be laying on the ground on your forehead,
and they're not waking you up.
In the exit row with your feet on the exit thing that opens up.
It's like whatever.
It's a free-for-all.
Well, she wakes him up to tell him that.
He fucking lost his mind, dude.
I'd never seen him angry up until this point.
I was like, oh, my God.
Rest is a fucking weapon.
It is.
It literally is a weapon.
He needed his sleep.
So, Siki, congratulations.
You got to do that.
And sorry if you're mad that I told that story.
I believe it was the egg line.
It was Elias Gomez.
That's Gionta.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
It was an S, and I said the egg line.
Oh, he should have cut that, Mikey.
That stewardess slash fart sniffer, as Yans likes to call him,
she probably had PTSD after experiencing what she did on that plane that day.
So we can move on.
That was actually the first time I ever attended a Stanley Cup game
was that 2000 series because I got a ticket.
I drove down from Boston to
New Jersey. I think it was either game one or game
two. As a fan,
I was just, you know,
no cup drinking. It was too early in the series.
But no, legit first time I ever started a
Stanley Cup game. How
frequent would you attend a game? Now,
obviously, it's a little bit different because I think you have
free access to the Bees games?
Yeah, I have had a media pass for 10 years now, yeah.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Yeah, they've been very good to me.
Before that, how long  how much were you frequenting?
Is that a word, frequenting?
Yeah.
How long was I doing, like, road trips like that?
Like, would you go to one live game a month?
No, no, nothing like that.
I was an event chaser, but I chased a big, big game.
Literally, I wouldn't go to a regular season game.
Okay, you save up for the big boys.
Yeah, that year, then actually the next year, 2001,
New Jersey was in the Cup again, and I drove down with a buddy
and went to another game.
So, you know, big events, but no clinches those two first times, though.
I was talking about Peter Sikora.
His initials are P.S.
and I brought up the egg line.
Think about
that. And people ask,
how do you do this? I don't know.
I'm so dumb sometimes.
I must have
missed it. I don't even know what you said.
You'd have thrown up, dude dude how nasty was Patrick Elias
he should be in the house
so underrated
filthy sickness
yeah so wow
congrats to the 2000 Devils once again
and now we're going to shift over to the gambling corner
let's see
we got a winner
last Monday night?
Colorado. My pick.
Regulation, puck line, money
line, 3-0. Made some money
there. It was an easy W, so let's keep
it fucking rolling. Thursday
night, I'm looking at Vancouver
in Minnesota. They got whitewashed in
Boston the other night. They'll be looking
to bounce back from that. Minnesota's usually
a team I don't bet for or against, but I'm going to say fuck it. Jump on the Canucks on the money line other night. They'll be looking to bounce back from that. Minnesota's usually a team I don't bet for or against, but
I'm going to say fuck it. Jump on the
Canucks on the Moneyline Thursday night.
And Saturday, sometimes
I say you got to bet teams that might not have good
records, and we're going to do that with the LA Kings
on Saturday. They'll be visiting
Newark. Speak of the devils.
And the Kings have actually been playing a little
scrappy lately. The goaltending's been a little bit
better. New Jersey's, I don't know, they're not impressing me much lately, so we're going to take the Kings on the been playing a little scrappy lately. The goaltenders have been a little bit better.
New Jersey's, I don't know, they're not impressing me much lately, so we're going to take the Kings on the money line as well.
So to reiterate, Thursday, Vancouver, money line over Minnesota.
Saturday, LA Kings, money line over Jersey.
And after you make some cabbage on the corner,
upgrade your undergarments with Tommy John,
the most stylish, comfortable, and functional underwear out there.
When you're in Tommy John underwear, the legs never ride up,
the waistband never rolls down, and it's even impossible to get a wedgie,
unless it's your older brother giving you one.
And for the lady in your life,
Tommy John has officially ended visible panty lines,
plus they have the most comfortable bras on the planet to complete her look.
So if you're still looking for the perfect gift,
Tommy John has limited edition Valentine's
Day underwear and loungewear gift sets for him and her, plus all sets at 10 off.
Tommy John is so sure you and your partner are going to love their fit and feel that
it's all backed by their best pair you'll ever wear, or it's free guarantee.
That means if you don't love your first pair, you get a full refund.
Tommy John, no adjustment needed. And take my word for it, these things
are super comfy, so grab some. Shop limited edition Valentine's Day
gift sets and get 20 off your first order when you go to TommyJohn.com
slash chicklets. That's TommyJohn.com slash
chicklets for 20 off. TommyJohn.com
slash chicklets. Alright. All right, boys.
Sunday night.
I actually, can I ask you, already before you start there,
speaking of Vancouver, on social media the other night,
there was Vancouver-Boston, and there was a goal that was challenged
in the first period to make it 1-0 where McAvoy made a play at the blue line.
Now Vancouver fans, I got to use you as an example again because you're some of the worst on fucking Twitter and you're painful well Travis Green challenged it and to the naked eye I originally
thought it was offside so I thought I was going to get called back well they go upstairs it takes I think a little longer than
usual they end up calling it a goal and I I don't know if Travis Green was pissed at at the time or
maybe he was like oh shit maybe there was something I didn't see it was one of those ones where I was
like that's offside what the fuck so McAvoy makes a fucking insane hockey IQ play if he tried to do this on purpose
where it wasn't it came over he pushed it and before his teammate came back on side he lifted
his left leg so now technically his whole body's outside the zone the puck is inside the zone but he's not touching it with a stick so once his teammate
tags up and it happens like a split second later he then touches the puck and then they end up
scoring a goal on it if he tried to do this on purpose in order to just buy that split second
his hockey iq is through the goddamn roof i think he did well then he's a fucking it
was nasty it was a nasty play so all these vancouver fans are fucking going still going
nuts and it's like yo watch it again there's a reason they fucking still called it a goal
and the nhl they caught a tricky one where christ dude if you were to i was looking at the total different play.
I was like, no, he hadn't tagged up yet.
So they got it wrong, and the fucking NHL got it right.
Good description right there.
When you were on the text thread, Biz, I was watching it on my phone in a bar,
and I didn't catch all the replays.
When I heard Jack say that, he was surprised it wasn't called back.
That's why I was like, oh, it must have really been a bum call but i didn't see uh that replay until you sent it over
yeah i just feel like some people are really hard in the system where it's like hey got it right and
the fact that the refs let it play out is what i liked even more about it i think that should
happen more if it's close let it run out if it's going to be offside they're going to catch it
they're going to call it yeah sometimes they're like preventing goals happening when it in fact was on side like
the system is in place to back you up now anyway sorry i've rambled on enough about that all right
uh sunday night a big night for your boy here the uh the oscars are on i got a few wages out there
um a degenerate that i am but i've actually had some success over the years. I've said it all since
I've seen the movie Parasite. It was the best movie
of 2019. I know
right now 1917 is the favorite
on a lot of
places that
take such action.
I don't know. Parasite, man,
they're 4-1. I got them at.
I know they're down to 2-1 now.
Biz, you shot 1917.
Was it one of the best war movies you ever seen?
Have we talked about it yet?
No, we didn't.
Oh, geez.
I haven't seen it yet.
Yeah, so don't tell Biz.
I'm very, very hard on movies.
I'm a movie snob.
The cinematography was incredible.
Yeah.
It was captivating to where i was so drawn in the
entire movie the and i thought the actors did a great job i really did enjoy them i just feel that
like nowadays for the high-end quality compared to the old high-end quality, is like, overall, I don't think it's like Oscar-worthy.
I mean, if it gets it, I'm okay with it, because I really enjoyed the movie, but
it just, it didn't, it just didn't have that X-factor, like it didn't have those
rock star actors in it, like the ones that really bring you in, like a Daniel Day-Lewis type.
So to me, it's got to be like a perfect storm
where the cinematography is that good
and the acting is like, oh my God, that's a masterpiece.
So, but another good thing about it I liked was it wasn't too graphic.
I don't like too much blood and guts.
And I think that Saving Private Ryan was very gory correct compared to it especially
the first oh yeah yeah it was much more accurate in that whereas that's way more accurate and i
agree that's where it's to me it's a superior war movie than the 1917 although personally
it was nice not to see fucking people getting blown up like i'm a bit of a softy in that regard
saving private ryan is very intense and my mother was my mother said the exact same thing about it
and and we're very similar so but overall though i would be okay with it winning though because it
was it was a beautiful movie i uh i haven't seen 1917 or parasite yet uh but ford versus ferrari
for me, guys.
I said it at the beginning.
I'm a Ford versus Ferrari guy.
I thought that movie had it all.
I think it's like plus 40,000.
Yeah.
No chance it wins, but if you're asking for the wit seal of approval,
which is as close as an Oscar as you can get,
you're going Ford versus Ferrari.
Oh, that was good.
I wish more American moviegoers would get over their fucking subtitle issue
because it's not that hard to do.
I had three people in my orbit who I talked to.
You want to say that to Biz again?
I think Biz could handle two subtitles fine.
I think.
Oh, I'm going to give that parasite a try because I got some free time coming up.
I literally have three people in my world that i don't know how many subtitle movies they've seen in their life if any
and i told them all to watch a movie and all three of them watched it the subtitles and all and they
were like wow that movie was fucking incredible from people who don't even like subtitles so
uh like i said i'm put my money there i just think it's it's a great story too it's a you know a
korean filmmaker and i mean i know there were no there's no name actors in this country but the put my money there. I just think it's, it's a great story too. It's a, you know, a Korean filmmaker. And I mean,
I know there were no,
there are no name actors in this country,
but the acting on that movie was absolutely phenomenal as well as the
script was.
So yeah,
I'm on,
like I said,
team parasite.
I really hope they went on.
I think it will be a great story and it's a movie that really deserves it.
But I think I was being a little bit critical and kind of an okay boomer in
a sense where man, like what you're saying, I want to, like, I want a Forrest Gump because when it comes on, I want to watch it every fucking time.
That's where my bar is, and it goes for Shawshank and movies of, I mean, even Dumb and Dumber to me.
Like, that is an iconic movie where every time it's on, I'm going to watch it.
And there's a reason why TBS still exists because they just put those on loop
and you are sucked right into the vortex.
Oh, yeah.
No doubt.
No doubt.
All right.
Well, I think that about wraps up this episode.
Thanks again to Jordan Bennington for joining us.
Really enjoyed that chat.
Any final notes, boys, for the audience?
All right, everybody.
Have a fantastic weekend.
Oh, there is one last thing.
Bieber's been dropping these training videos.
He is  he's taking
Heads up, Benner.
Heads up, Benner.
I'm not trying to stir the pot, but this kid is
I think he stopped making music, and this is his main focus.
And listen, he dipped in the
He's still in a muffin, I bet.
Well, as Hunrick Lundquist once said to me, he goes,
sometimes the hardest shots to save, Biz,
are the ones where even the shooter doesn't know where they're going.
He said, you know what I'm talking about, Biz.
With that, I figure I'd bring it up because it is the Binnington podcast.
And check out the YouTube page.
Let's keep growing that.
And the more and more viewers, the more and more ad dollars, and the more and more resources
we have to make even cooler fucking videos for you guys.
We're going to have better equipment.
We're going to have all camera stabilizers out there
next time on the golf course.
We're trying to grow and provide you guys more and more entertainment.
So, you know, follow us on other channels.
And if you like what we're selling, buy it.
If you continue to watch
and tune in and the ad dollars continue
to come, Biz won't have to stay
at a
Hojo's
on the road when he's driving cross-country,
which I don't know why he's doing that either.
Time to wrap it up.
Great chatting with you guys and thanks for listening.
Always love you. Bye-bye.
Just a reminder, the promo code is MISS20.
Decent Bane.
As always, we want to give a big thanks to our sponsors,
and we hope you listeners are taking advantage of them.
They're great people, and they offer great deals.
So thanks to everybody over at Dunkin'.
You guys have been killing it in New England forever.
Big thanks to Blue Vine.
Welcome to our advertising on Chicklets.
As always,
Roman Swipes. Big thanks to you guys
for taking care of me. I'm always the one.
A big thank you to Simply Safe.
And a big thanks to Tommy John.
I'm wearing them right now and they are the most comfortable
underwear I've ever had.
Everybody, have a great weekend. for me well let me get
to the point
let's roll
another joint
and turn the radio
loud
I'm too alone
to be proud
and you don't know
how it feels
you don't know how it feels you don't know how it feels
to be me
