Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 243 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney
from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast familia.
Lots to talk about as Saturday was Hockey Day in Canada. There was a trade,
another number's going to the rafters, but let's do our extended intros first because
he always seems to have a nice confession. So we'll go to you first, Biz. You're at home right
now, which is a rarity for you i was just relaxing all weekend i
really have nothing to report so i kind of got put on the spot there i'm had a nice lovely day
with my buddy joey superstein went for a hike and uh just just just recharging the batteries
for the podcast not missing the sauce at all huh i get some cravings especially when i see dana
chugging beers online but uh I think since in the, what,
40 days now, close to 40 days, I think about four times I've had a craving. So yesterday was
definitely a craving, but hey, I just smoke a big fat J and then it goes away. There you go. Nice.
Next up, let's go to our producer, Mikey Grinelli. What's going on, buddy?
What's up, guys? Let's just start off with me and R.A. are going to Colorado this weekend,
so I'm very excited, and I'm hitting a concert this week,
so very exciting Sunday for me.
Which concert?
I'm going to see the Lumineers.
Oh, yeah.
Great band.
They sing that post song, right?
So Tyson Berry is very good friends with the lead singer.
He said they're incredible guys.
I mean, I love their music.
It's a little bit on the...
I don't know how to describe it.
A little emo-ish, kind of?
It's awesome. I like it.
A little fluthier. You've got to get your feelings
a little bit. Yeah, I would say that
they have some songs that would probably be considered
some sad songs, just by maybe
the pace of them, but still
easy listening, great golf course
listening. And just, if you're going to hang out by a pool and you just maybe,
as Biz is saying, just ripping a bowl or smoking a pen
or who knows what Biz does, you could just chuck on the Lumineers.
So a little good advertising for these guys, Mikey.
I would say start the episode with Big Parade.
I think that's the name of one of their songs.
And it builds up a little bit, so I think you might have to play it
a little longer than the usual. What do you normally play a it builds up a little bit, so I think you might have to play it a little longer than usual.
What do you normally play a song for, about a minute?
About 30 seconds.
Ooh, that's a tough one then.
Never mind.
Back off.
But like you said, we're going to be heading out to Colorado
with our peers over at ZeroBlog30.
Looking forward to getting together with those guys.
Should be a fun time.
Let's go to the last guy of the crew last, but not least, of course,
Ryan Whitney, the wit dog what's
going on brother you back home i can't tell no i'm still in florida i'm never leaving i love this
place it's just an incredible state you can do anything you want there's like no rules down here
i don't even think you need to get your car inspected you can drive around on three wheels
if you want to in a rim so i love it the weather's been. I've been golfing my hose right off my body.
It's been just a hell of a run.
I'll just quickly run through.
I went Seminole, MacArthur, Dye Preserve, Bears Club, Medalist.
I can't even think of others.
But I do have a little funny story from MacArthur, my caddy.
I got to give him a shout out.
This guy's a London, Ontario man.
Brad Henderson gave me what is, I always say, the coolest compliment,
along with getting into hockey because of Chiclets, which is crazy.
The other one that he told me was he has to do a drive every winter.
He leaves London and drives down to Florida where he works in the golf industry down here.
So he's like, dude, I used to sleep 10 hours and then drive for three hours listening to music,
and I'd have to pull over and sleep again.
I just couldn't get through these rides.
I found spit and shickles.
First time I ever drove while listening to the pod, 17 straight hours.
Just stopped for gas.
He's like, it was the greatest thing in the world.
It felt like a five-hour trip.
So, Brad Henderson, check him out.
Birds Golf NA.
Great guy.
Appreciate the loop at MacArthur.
What a track.
So, yeah, we got a ton of hockey stuff to talk about.
I'm obviously in a fabulous mood because I'm going to just chill on this
beautiful weather later today.
So it's nice to be here, nice to talk to you guys, and let's get her going.
Absolutely.
We've been talking about a zillion beers with our buddy over on Barstool, Dana.
Well, I think we might have had a zillion beers with our guests this week,
Tim Stapleton and Jimmy Hayes.
They both make their returns simultaneously.
This was a fun one.
Needless to say, we'll be bringing those guys to you a little bit later.
But first, let's get to some news.
And the Leafs are the big newsmakers this week.
Shocker.
The Toronto Maple Leafs made a big splash since our last step
by addressing two major issues, backup goalie and team toughness,
in one fell swoop via a trade with the LA Kings. They obtained goalie Jack Campbell and tough guy
forward and two-time cup winner Kyle Clifford in exchange for Trevor Moore, a third rounder in
June's draft and a third rounder in the 2021 draft. The 28-year-old Campbell has a two-year
extension that kicks in after this season at 1.65 million per year.
He was a monster backing up quick last year. This year, his numbers dropped off a bit. Kings obviously weren't too good. But the 29-year-old Clifford, he's no mere throw-in. He's in the last
year of a five-year, 8 million deal. And he provides, like Biz predicted this trade a few
months back, an element of toughness that is going to make people think twice about running
at guys like Marner and Matthews. So, Biz, what was your reaction to this deal
other than I fucking nailed it?
Well, you guys know me.
I'm not going to rub that in anyone's face.
No, I would be screaming it from the rooftop.
I'm not going to come on the podcast and tell you
when we had the Ty Domi interview on,
I believe it was January 5th,
that I basically predicted this.
I'm not going to just shove that down your throats,
but I will say that I am happy that a Toronto team
that I feel has kind of neglected an area of their game
for a long time, and I'm interested to see how it turns out.
And already I just feel like he slid right in, right?
Because they're all playing tummy sticks in the media already.
Like I think, what's his name? Cliffie ended ended up going to dinner martin ended up picking the tab so you
know they you know what i'm saying like you tell he's really fitting in already of course muzzin
i believe was at that dinner um i i just think it's a perfect fit and as far as jack campbell's
concerned and this is a little insight on this guy he was beloved by his teammates in LA right
but it wasn't an easy necessarily an easy transition he came over from the Dallas organization
Jacko's got a very different personality he's very quirky and I can understand why where some
people would be like well this guy's like a little different well when he got to Ontario like we
slowly found out like okay this
guy is like one he's harmless he's like the ultimate teammate anything you need he'll go do
it for you and he works his absolute nuts off and guys already in toronto have already said i've
never seen a guy maybe it was muz who said you'll never meet a harder working guy in hockey so
already he got he has that so
he's sliding over to that team I think that he's going to do awesome there I do think that as far
as the media is concerned I don't think he's ever dealt with that type of beast but you're going to
find that his teammates are really going to love him and and have his back so I think it just kind
of really galvanizes that group by making that trade, especially for the two characters they did get.
And I think they fucking not only did they have to make the move,
because you guys saw that Hutchinson's number.
We talked last week.
The fact that they hadn't addressed this until now is a little nutty.
I don't think they necessarily overpaid.
Do you guys?
No, in a sense that if you look at Toronto,
when they were talking to teams about getting a goalie, because they realized it had to happen.
And I'll say this, I think the uncertainty of Anderson's injury made them maybe really get it
done. Whereas like, what if, what if this is a little more serious than we think, or we're
hearing, or obviously we hope we can't  we're in a dogfight right now.
Hutchinson, we can't have him be our starter, say, if it's three weeks.
So they kind of had to get it done in that way.
But if you're talking about overpayment, in their eyes they certainly didn't.
And I'll say that because when they were talking to teams about getting a goalie,
teams always  they didn't want to have to trade Andreas Janssen,
Kerfoot, or Kapanen. So they didn't have to have to trade Andreas Janssen, Kerfoot, or Kapanen.
So they didn't have to give up any of them.
And I love Moore.
I think he's a hell of a player.
He's from L.A., which is cool for him.
You've got to think he's pretty fired up playing for his hometown team.
So I kind of like it for both sides.
Now, the good thing for Leafs fans is that Campbell,
he's got two more years after this.
And I think it's 1-5, 1-6, right around there.
So you're getting a little term on the deal.
You know, Clifford, who knows if he'd be back.
But when you're looking at his addition, that's a Stanley Cup winner.
That's the only guy in the room who's raised the cup, and he's done it twice.
I don't know how much of an impact he'll make on the ice, especially stat-wise, but I certainly think, like R.A. mentioned,
Marner and Matthews, they won't be taking much shit.
At least Clifford will be showing up there right when it happens.
So he's also like, he's a locker room guy.
I mean, this is someone that all his teammates have always loved.
Hilarious, that first game, he goes out no bucket,
doesn't even know that that's a team rule.
Toronto Maple Leafs, you can't go no bucket.
Well, he did.
And let me tell you, as a guy who's starting to lose it up top,
balls he moved to go no bucket.
He's not exactly ripping nice flow, but still he knew I'm going to do
whatever I want and then realize, oh, shit, I can't do this.
So what did Matthew said something already, didn't he, like about it?
Called it a power move.
Yeah, a power move.
It is.
Hey, I'm going to come over.
I'm the only guy who's ever lifted Lord Stanley.
I'm the only guy who drank out of it.
I'm the only guy who had a party where it was like mine for the day.
So I'm going to go out in no bucket, and you guys are going to respect it
and just follow my lead.
Cliff had said that the rule in L.A. was that you had to have at least 100 games
to go without a helmet and warm-ups.
His quote was, I didn't know it was a rule here.
I just kind of did my own routine, but is going to be meaning Saturday going to be a little
different someone obviously told me that's
not how we do it here but I'll tell that
a rookie year in Pittsburgh
or it was maybe our second year we
had no bucket on Terry and came in after
it's like don't you fucking put your fucking
helmet on he was disgusted
that we didn't we didn't have helmets on but that
as I've said Keith Yandel mentions
to the best part of the NHL.
And he also did get the game ball for player of the game,
which is pretty funny.
Game ball?
Yeah.
They do the basketball.
Remember when Matt used?
Yeah, fucking Raptors, scumbag league, sick league, nice dunks,
nice layups, injured.
What did you think of LeBron's dunk?
I thought it was an unreal picture.
I will say that in classic LeBron fashion, they lost the game.
What's the story?
LeBron's dunk.
You just lost, and I bet on you that night.
So Houston comes in your building, leaves with a win,
but everyone's talking about LeBron's iconic dunk.
So that's what we're talking about here.
It's incredible.
And you know what?
If Connor McDavid had scored that goal in Toronto,
that goal of the year candidate in the loss,
do you think he'd want to be talking about his goal?
No.
But LeBron, yeah, my dunk was sick.
Who cares about the loss, man?
It doesn't matter.
My dunk was unreal.
Did you guys see my dunk?
It's a cool picture of it going viral.
To answer your question, Biz,
I don't think it was a big cost for Toronto at all.
I mean, Trevor Moore is more or less organizational depth.
He was an undrafted free agent.
He's got 13 points in 53 career NHL games.
Their third round picks are going to be somewhere, you know,
probably middle to late round.
So it's not a huge cost.
And like Whit said, you know, bringing in a goal,
he's got two years left to term.
And who knows?
I mean, Clifford looks happy to be there.
He could end up re-upping there.
So another reason why L.A. was able to make this move,
because, I mean, Jax, with Quickie not being able to take on the amount
of workload, you obviously need a guy who can either come in
and take over, not a starter, but at least share the net.
That Cal Peterson, who was down in the minors for them,
he'd spent a little bit of time in the NHL as well.
Last year.
I don't know exactly how many games he played,
but he's,
he's a world-class goaltender.
Like they were confident enough for,
okay,
this kid's ready.
Like he can't spend any more time in the American league.
And we're going to be able to gain some,
some assets for,
for having,
for giving up Campbell.
The only,
the only reason I think the Leafs won this trade a little bit more
is because the fact he's got two extra years left on his deal.
I think Campbell's a very, very respectable individual.
So now they have two goalies.
If you're looking at Campbell as the backup,
I think total they're 6-6 at cap hit.
Anderson's making five, maybe five and a half.
Yeah, he's making fair numbers.
So you're looking at two goalies in the two goalies new world system
that everyone's talking about that don't even reach close
to what Florida's playing Bobrovsky, for example.
So it's a nice deal, and the term on the deal for Campbell
being the most important factor for the Leafs
and their cap issues that could be on the horizon.
Another thing before we move on quickly, as Leafs fans,
you've got to be excited.
It was pretty cool to see that their most recent two first-round draft pick
defensemen, Rasmus Sandin and Timothy Lilgren,
I believe I'm saying that right, both from Sweden, best friends.
They were paired together the other night.
So a future where you hear about all the up-front forwards who are stars.
These guys obviously aren't stars yet, but they're first rounders who can skate and move the puck.
So exciting time leaves fans to see some future,
hopefully studs in the back end actually playing together.
We were talking about CeCe too.
I mean, R.A., I don't know if you had a list of down,
but he's going to be on the long-term hour as well.
So I feel like we were a little hard on him last episode.
I mean, fuck, the guys probably didn't get enough views.
I think we were explaining why fans seem to give it to guys like that.
I think Jeff O'Neill was a lot hotter on them than we were.
Oh, the old dog was dogging them?
Yeah, he broke down.
What was the game the other night where they ended up losing like 4-3,
maybe 5-4?
Yeah. I think it was the Rangers, I think, 5-3. They had the game the other night where they ended up losing like 4-3, maybe 5-4? Yeah.
It's also the Rangers, I think, 5-3.
They had the game in complete control.
They were up 3-1, I believe.
And, yeah, he just got out-muscled a couple times,
and he was criticizing him how he looks.
Basie looks lost out there all the time.
So, I don't know.
He's on the long term.
Yeah.
But listen, but once again, like, no dog has to be fair man it's
his credibility that's the thing about on this podcast we're able to be like hey like we're a
little bit softer than than other people have to be because we because nobody wants to be hard on
these guys i don't yeah no we don't want to be dicks about it uh the leafs did win their first
game with the new guys in campbell and that and i thought it was interesting because campbell did
say that he was having
serious nerves before the game.
That's a rare thing to hear from not only a pro athlete but from a goalie,
a 28-year-old guy to say he was having serious nerves before a game.
Kudos to him for his honesty, though.
Yeah, buddy.
I said he's a quirky guy.
And, fuck, dude, I couldn't imagine.
He cares so much that he knows that his initial
impact on that first game might sway opinion and like so i think i think he ended up letting in
four in his debut but they won the game in overtime so like right away you know people
are going to be like oh same fucking situation with the goaltending it's just like so it's his
first impression was probably so fucking important to him.
Mind you, they ended up winning the game.
Did they play back-to-back?
Yeah, and actually Campbell started both games.
Interestingly, it was the first time he ever played consecutive games,
yeah, back-to-back games on consecutive days for the first time in his career.
And how did he do it?
I didn't see the result in the second one.
He ended up losing.
Montreal tied it late and then won it in overtime.
Guess who scored?
Come on.
Kovalchuk got it?
Oh, man.
Dude, yeah, I got that a little further down in the notes.
We can get to it.
But, wow, what a fucking fire he's on.
So enough of Toronto.
The other big news, I thought,
was the Blues have finally decided to retire number 44
for our recent guest
Chris Pronger let's see he's the eighth blue to have his number retired we don't have to name
them all unless like we like the Seattle names 589 games as a blue he had 356 points all regular
season in nine seasons as a blue with this is obviously a no-brainer it's just sort of a matter
of time here yeah it makes total sense.
Won an MVP and a Norris Trophy there.
One of the most dominant players of his generation.
Just a mean bastard.
And I think guys will really like the interview.
Guys and girls, you guys will really like the interview
when we do drop that we did with him from St. Louis.
But one of my idols, him and Lidstrom.
So, just thinking back to changing the game the way he did when he was on the
ice in terms of everyone knew where he was.
He was dirty as shit. You couldn't
go near his side of the ice. You'd get a cross
check. You'd get a slash in the wrist.
He always found a way to just get people off their
game while just slowing down
the pace and the original tape
to tape master. I should have brought
it up to him. So mad. So I might as well
bring up now when we interviewed him, Marty Reisner had told me a story
that when he played with Prongs,
Prongs passes the puck as hard as most guys shoot it.
Abiz, like the way he used to snap it.
I play with a guy like that, Ed Jovanovsky.
He would take a slap shot as a pass to your stick.
So Prongs is ripping passes at guys in practice,
and he's expecting you to handle the pass.
So he used to do it.
I guess Marty missed one.
I don't remember getting the story right, but the gist of it was Prongs was like,
holy fuck, this is the NHL.
And Reece was like, I'm not in your NHL, dude.
It's 95 miles an hour on my tape from 9 feet away,
dude. I can't handle that pass.
So Prongs has demanded a lot
of guys he played with. I got the chance
to do it quickly in Anaheim.
Totally
dominant player, and
he deserves to have his number up top. He should
probably get his number up top in Anaheim, too.
There is a debate to be
had, by the way for
all you listeners so there are some guys like as we said pronger is obviously one of them ed
jovenoski where it's like jovo you're 10 feet away that's a very hard pass to take when you're
zipping it man like you just try to maybe feather it no he's got like 110 flex and he fucking slaps it over.
And, man, he's a veteran, right?
So I'm a peasant.
And to me, I'm thinking me not accepting a pass in practice,
Tippett seeing that and being like, yeah, I was right.
He isn't ready.
And that's why I'm being a healthy scratch.
So he'd fucking zip him over.
They would explode off my tape like a grenade.
And I'd be fucking sprintinging chasing it down the ice and jovo would be keeled over with his with his elbows on his
pants doing wrist curl motions and all the boys would be chuckling at me like it's just like jovo
come on man so so that's the type of abuse you take from like those old school veteran guys. But mind you, the guy's got humor from it.
Speaking of making tape to tape passes in practice, like as this mentions,
like if you miss a pass that's on your tape in practice,
like that'll piss a coach off.
It ruins the flow.
It looks sloppy.
It's not what you need to do in practice to have a successful team
and win hockey games.
It's you got to be everything everything's gotta be moving in sync.
So Malone would do this to me.
Sometimes I would try to do it to guys,
but it was so funny because you put the perfect pass tape to tape,
but he would pretend like it wasn't.
So he died to try to stop it,
like make a scene and make an absolute scene.
So that if the coach had just kind of turned his head and
seen the end of it it looks like a horrible pass i'd be like that was on the tape i swear
i thought terry it's like fucking pass the puck battle whitney bugs he's over there laughing
so you could you could make a guy look like a fool even if it was the perfect pass
i've i'd never heard of that that is such a shitty thing to do especially if a guy's actually in his
own head at that moment in time,
and maybe he hasn't had a good couple games.
You know what I'm saying?
I know.
I don't think he would do it.
I think he knew when to do it, but still,
just to look and see a guy yard-tailing to try to get a pass,
and then you know the rest of the boys in line are like,
Come on, Whit.
Put it on his tape.
You're like, that was.
So, R.A., and, I mean, Whit,
you've probably had to beg skate because of it,
especially if there's a morning where it just so happens that at that moment
in time, the four guys that make the passes, let's say,
just completely butcher them, and there's just a bad wave.
Sometimes the coach will blow it down, and they'll say,
take the puck so we get on the fucking line.
So you just got to hope it's not one of those days at the rink
where there's a few guys who are sleeping.
Because if it happens and he's in a little bit of a bad mood,
all of a sudden the pucks are going to be taken away
and you're going to be having a little, again.
Which I guess makes me think that you don't even appreciate
the skill level of the NHL that you can have hour-long practices.
Or back in the day, now 35, 40-minute practices,
guys flying and not one
pass is missed. That's pretty sick
if you think about it. I mean, we got
a lot of guys listening at home from Men's League. They probably
can't even get through warm-ups half the time without
fucking breaking a guy's blade on
his skate because you're missing him by four feet.
So sometimes at our level, guys,
we snapped it around.
Just going for a little
twirl a couple weeks ago,
it's a reminder of how fucking skilled you guys are who play at that level
because it's such a fucking hard sport to play, man.
I think it's like playing a musical instrument.
You're either gifted with it or you're not.
And certain teams practice at a higher pace.
I would say, and this is pumping Babcock's tires,
if you ever saw his practice ran, it was very fluid.
It was beautiful, to be honest.
And when I would be in Detroit,
I would usually poke my head out and watch a little bit.
And it is remarkable how these guys are just able to do it
for 45 minutes where nobody's really missing much.
Because, I mean, he did have him whipped into shape
where if you did, he probably would yank you out of the lineup
because he wasn't even playing fucking Chelios at Wrigley Field.
Pretty nice.
Crying out loud.
So congrats to Pronger.
Obviously overdue and very welcome, I'm sure.
And other Blues news, they'll once again be looking for an AHL team
as Vegas bought the San Antonio Rampage after the Blues five-year deal expired.
Pretty smart move by Vegas to get their
farm team nice and close right in Henderson.
Whit, you spent some time in San
Antonio. What kind of impact will the team
leave and have in that area?
You know what? It was a pretty awesome
fan base for the AHL.
They got a good amount of fans.
What sucks is you're playing where the
Spurs play.
So even if you get 4,000, it's dead empty.
It looks dead empty.
I'm trying to remember if they covered up some of the areas.
Yeah.
Dude, I just think it makes total sense that teams have the AHL team
as close as possible, so you kind of understand what they're thinking.
When LA was in Manchester biz, it's like, how does that make any sense?
You got to get people close.
They can get called up.
You can send them down.
It's just way easier.
But it does.
Who knows?
San Antonio could also then get a team from somebody else, right?
Well, one of the problems, too, maybe not for Los Angeles,
because they did have the amount of money,
where they would send down their whole core group of staff to evaluate guys,
do one-on-one stuff with them on the ice.
I think they would come down for one week a month when I was with them.
But some of these organizations don't have the money to do that.
So they're so far away where if you're close by,
management's able to keep a closer eye on your prospects and considering with the salary cap and everything, having good young players is vital to winning a Stanley cup.
Now you can't just get it done with your overpaid veterans.
You need everybody fucking tugging the rope, right?
So to keep a finer look on those things and maybe have access to your,
your skill development guys on both levels, being able to just be sent over,
you know,
once a week or twice a week.
Now that,
so now with the rink situation,
the LA's farm team,
they're practicing out of the same facility in El Segundo.
So you have everything.
Yeah,
that's like the fly. And that's, to me, that's the way it is. You got to do it. I mean, Boston and
Portland are not Portland, Jesus Christ Providence. That's a good mix. That's probably why they're
successful. I bet you it's a huge, huge boost to your organization. If you're able to look that
closely. I mean, Toronto's another prime example.
Mind you, they do have a lot of money.
Money gives you such a massive advantage on the AHL scale and how you're treating the guys
and how smoothly they're able to just focus on hockey.
Would you agree with that, Whit?
Yeah, I think it also just,
it's nice to be able to have guys who are in the AHL just be right there and be able to see, see how close they are.
You know, I think that that, it sounds goofy, but, oh, well, their locker room's right over there.
Man, I keep going.
I'm going to get the walk across to the bigger room, to the better pregame snacks, to the better morning breakfast.
You know, who knows, maybe they share all that shit.
But you know what I'm saying?
It's closer to see, like, your dream coming true when it's right there.
Yeah.
And, yeah.
Couldn't agree more.
Well, either way, there were probably a few field-prongers opponents
over the years that needed to change their undies.
Well, imagine your fifth-grade self looking into the future
and learning that, as an adult, you got an undies membership.
They would laugh hysterically, but the joke's on them because MeUndies is known for their super
soft undies and their flexible, fun membership. If you choose to sign up, you'll get perks like
site-wide savings, free shipping, and new undies delivered to your door each month.
Go forth, be an adult, and sign up for that undies membership, even if your past self is
laughing at you. You've probably heard MeUndies are the softest undies to ever grace you in nethers. That's because they're made with
micromodal. What the heck is that? It's a magical, sustainable, soft as heck fabric from trees. Yes,
trees. That makes your bits feel like they're floating on a cloud. They're designed to be the
softest thing you've ever put in your body and offered in a range of sizes from extra small to 4XL.
MeUndies doesn't just make undies.
They also have loungewear, which recently had a glow-up.
Check out their new line of stylish, micromodal loungewear
you can wear in and out of the house.
They know they're on every podcast,
but that's just because they're looking for true undie domination.
They won't stop until you all try.
I have a few pairs of MeUndies I had recently sent to me, and
to steal a line from Ned Flanders, they're so comfy
it's like you're wearing nothing at all.
Me undies has a great offer for
our listeners. For any first-time
purchases, you get 15 off
and free shipping. It's a no-brainer,
especially because they have 100
satisfaction guarantee.
And to get 15 off your first pair,
free shipping, and 100 satisfaction guaranteed. And to get 15 off your first pair, free shipping and 100 satisfaction guaranteed,
go to meundies.com slash chicklets.
That's M-E-U-N-D-I-E-S dot com slash chicklets,
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Check them out.
They are super comfy.
I just got some.
I love them.
All right, boys.
Saturday, a big day for TV.
If you're a hockey hockey guy it was hockey
hockey day in canada all day team i think the first game was at two o'clock i believe 24 teams
in action uh let's go to you with first what was your favorite game to watch i mean i had a
shitload to pick from do i have to pick a canadian one no of, man, that's tough.
So Colorado ended this run that the Blue Jackets had been on. And what I took out of the game and appreciated,
kind of the post-game stuff, is Merzlikas.
I can't say that, guys.
I'm sorry.
Merzlikas, the Latvian monster, the Latvian legend.
He's from Latvia, right?
Well, after the game, he talked about the winning goal that Nathan McKinnon scored,
how bad of a goal it was that he let in.
And you'll see it, and I think for people who don't know hockey as much as guys at the pro level,
you're looking at, oh, my God, what a shot.
Rocket Nathan McKinnon, one-timer, top shelf, holy shit.
Well, at that level, that is a bad goal, and that's kind of what he brings up.
You cannot get scored on as an NHL goalie from that far out with no screen.
It's just unacceptable, and granted, this kid's been just so good,
so everyone's going to have a fuck-up and make mistakes,
but he knew that he has to have that puck saved.
He's not resting on how good he's been.
He understands that cost him two points, and they've been on a great run.
They're bound to lose, but still, like the way he's played,
it's probably pretty shocking for him to let in a goal like that.
Not taking anything away from it being a cannon, but, Biz,
you know what I'm saying, no screen that's got to be saved.
And for him to kind of put himself on blast and say that he knew he messed up
thereafter shows the kind of guts and and the maturity early maturity of this kid now saying that it is easy to to to fall on the sword
when you know you've been on that type of heater yeah exactly i'm saying let's uh i'll judge
somebody when they're when they're at their worst to know where they're at character wise but
nonetheless good start um i'll tell you what what uh what game it wasn't all right i'm just getting a little
tongue twisted there there you go this is a tweet from craig morgan who works um for the athletic
covers the arizona coyotes boston has defeated arizona 15 straight times last time the coyotes
beat the bruins anywhere was october 9th 2010 in prague czech Republic, in Oliver Ekman-Larsen's first NHL game.
Oliver Ekman-Larsen has played 710 NHL games,
but will not play tonight because Oliver is out of the lineup right now.
Well, the fucking Bruins beat my beloved Coyotes again.
How about that fucking run, dude?
These bees, they've only lost two games in regulation on home ice this year.
So I'm going to go away from tummy sticking what game was my favorite
to talking about that.
And I don't know if you had it written down.
I guess I'll be the first one to address it.
You're cheating, scumbags.
Guys, listen.
Sometimes you guys forget I'm the fucking radio guy okay no no no no you
can't play this both ways you can't do it biz i'm not gonna let you you talk about the yotes and
the runs they go on and the young dogs and the future captains and step on and fucking tip and the old ways we did things and now and now it's
like oh i'm the radio guy i didn't know that we had kids doing vo2 tests that were 14 years old
and we weren't going to be drafted for four years i didn't know we were locking up a junior player
and making them do uh 135 47 times on the bench press. You're going to try to now get out of this after all the talking.
All right, fine.
I'll get into it.
You know what I think?
What are they doing?
You know what I think?
I think this is a smear job, okay, by the London Knights to distract everybody
from thinking about the fact that they're doing shady shit.
This is the hunters.
It has to be. It has to be.
It has to be.
And as I said, but here's the thing.
Bettman's smarter.
Bettman's smarter than who's the NFL commissioner?
The bozo.
The clown.
Fucking Goodell.
Roger Goodell.
Bettman ain't going to get fooled by this.
Goodell got fooled when it came to the Patriot stuff, okay?
And I think he had it out for Tom
because he's so handsome and he gets all the attention
and Bill's such a genius.
I think we're going to be okay.
I think that maybe if
things were happening, it was completely by
accident and everyone's going to be fine. We're just
going to all go away. Coyote's going to keep
buzzing. As I said online,
I just think that when
you're a model franchise,
people are always trying to tear you down.
Ask the Blackhawks.
Model franchise that's lost 15 straight to the Bruins.
All right, let's have everyone at least get the actual background
of what we're talking about.
So kind of explain the Draeger tweet and what has been reported so far.
Absolutely.
According to TSN Hockey Insider, Darren Draeger,
the NHL is looking into alleged recruiting violations by the Arizona Coyotes regarding draft eligible players.
Quote, it's an ongoing NHL investigation into allegations that Arizona allegedly has been fitness testing draft eligible Canadian Hockey League players.
Drager explained Thursday on Insider Trading.
His quote again.
Now, the OHL, the Western Hockey League and the QMJHL all sent out emails to their respective teams asking that any contact be reported. Now, according to sources, multiple
teams have returned to say, yes, there has been contact. It is clearly defined by the NHL that
there cannot be any physical testing before the NHL combine. If guilt is established, and again,
it's an ongoing investigation, the Arizona Coyotes could face substantial fines, 250,000 or more per incident at the discretion of NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman.
The Coyotes did release a statement.
We are aware of the reports.
We have discussed the matter with the NHL, and we will have no further comment at this time.
I want people to keep in mind.
I want people to keep in mind if that actually happens i may lose my pay guys like you guys just
i was just gonna say now biz starting to do the math in his head for a team that doesn't have a
ton of money he's thinking oh shit and let me tell you there is no chance that if the coyotes try
saying hey league uh we have a biz 20 promo going for this fine and they're just like take a hike take an absolute
hike so maybe maybe chica's thinking since he looks like he's 17 years old he could have been
in the ohl rinks making kids do that the push-up test on the metronome beeping fucking bullshit
that we had to do with the combine and and he didn't he didn't think he'd get caught but
times run up for this coyotes team and they're trying to make the playoffs.
And now, you know, you test seven guys.
That's what that's 1.75 million.
Right.
How's that math?
Right.
Seven.
Two hundred fifty thousand.
Four of those is a million.
Three more of those.
Seven hundred fifty thousand.
One point seven five million.
Biz is going to be out of a job.
We're going to be doing a show every day soon.
Biz is like, guys, I've got a new schedule.
We're recording 10 a.m. to noon and 7 a.m. to 9 p.m.
six days a week.
So start doing your research.
We're going head-to-head with Merrick Stewart and what's-his-face,
born pretty soon.
Oh, they drop one six days a week?
No, I mean, their show that they do every day,
it's telecast on the NHL network.
It's a radio show.
Dude, those guys have to retain so much knowledge.
I don't know how the fuck they're doing it every day.
That's crazy.
Dude, it's so good to have at noon, man, to throw those guys on there.
Yeah, they're excellent.
You're saying Anthony Stewart?
Yeah, Chris's brother.
He is hilarious on Twitter, too.
He loves the GIFs.
Him and Bour born are on every
day and then it rotates between maric and i think david amber and then one day a week berkey comes
on so it's on every day noon to two nhl network check it out i'm so happy that the hockey world
got anthony stewart because like some some guys think they might be nervous getting into the media
world there are so many guys who who have great personalities
anthony stewart being one of them that i didn't know he was going to get into media and i think
that he's got that confidence now and i don't know if he listens to our show but guys and and people
even on here who don't know who anthony stewart is check him out man he's he's excellent great
perspective he's got hey i asked him to come on and let the stories fly and i don't think he's
down he oh dude he has some crazy fucking stories we won't get into it he tripped my infinite angles
with a gif of course because he loves the gif game i i think i think he's got great gif game
online but not memes what was the original uh conversation but how did we get here uh arizona
coyotes which actually i wanted to follow up on because my boy,
Tuca, well, of course, the Bees extended their league
lead to three points after beating the Coyotes
4-2. Tuca got the win
and he's now 12-0-6 at home
and 18 games is the best
Bruins home point streak by a goalie to start
a season and it's third all time.
Number one is Bill Dern with the
1943-44 Habs
and Tony Esposito did it back in 71.
So shout out to Tuca, who just continues to get it done.
And the Bees, like you said,
there's 16-0 in their last 16 games against the Coyotes.
It's tied for the third longest win streak against one opponent in NHL
history.
Another record the Habs hold, shocker.
One other note from that game,
Bruins defenseman Jeremy Lazon has a hearing on Sunday,
off today, for an illegal check to the head of Derek Stepan.
He did receive a match penalty on the play that was reviewed and upheld.
Stepan did return to the game.
Biz, I'm sure you saw this hit.
I'm sure you have a take on it.
Yeah, it was a tough one.
It was one of those ones where he's just trying to play physical.
Not a great angle.
Clearly, he got him in a bad spot.
I don't know enough about this guy.
Does he have any type of a history?
No, he doesn't have an extensive NHL history,
nor does he have a dirty record.
So there you go.
I guess it's comforting for people to hear that I'm not a biased idiot
where it sucks that it happened to one of my guys,
but fuck, what are you going to do? That's hockey, right?
Sometimes shit happens going back though, to the,
to the situation that Drager tweeted out about,
I was jokingly kind of glancing over it as a member of the organization.
I'm being honest when I say, I really don't know anything about it.
If another organization was doing something that was illegal in order to gain
an advantage,
chances are maybe they were doing it, not knowing that they were doing anything wrong.
Now saying that negligence isn't, that's not an excuse. So if, if it in fact was something where
they were actually gaining an advantage from, what do you want me to say, man? You can't do
that. It's part of the rules. I'm the fucking bagel boy.
I actually thought the day started off great.
We had a nice afternoon tussle in Winnipeg.
Blake Wheeler and youngster Brady Kachuk dropped them.
I'm not sure if you caught it, but Brady actually kind of waited
until Blake cut his glove off before he actually scrapped.
Some guys go right at it.
Brady was kind of a gentleman.
Ended up taking the first punch as well.
Unfortunately, Sens took a few more punches.
They've really been struggling lately.
They lost 5-2.
But the story here, I think, was Patrick Lanny's power play hat trick.
Gives him 23 goals on the year.
His first hat trick of the year.
And since the 16-17 season, his eight hat tricks trails only OV's 12.
But a power play hat trick.
That's pretty impressive.
Yeah, that's when you know you just have a sick one-timer.
I'll say that that fight, maybe a little questionable hit on Pionk,
but Wheeler came over.
You got to give Brady Kachuk a ton of respect there because he did.
He let him get his gloves off, he waited, and then he took one for it.
So I guess by being the nice guy, he ends up getting hit first.
But you understand why
Wheeler's going to go stick up for his teammate. And then you respect the hell out of Kachuk
answering the bell. And I thought it was a good tell. But you do see guys right away, especially
if they get challenged, they'll just start swinging. But he was cool. Let him get his
glove off and ate one for it. Boys, I do not watch enough Winnipeg games. Lost in all this
this buffling stuff and the fact that they
were coming into this season, I still
think they were
I think people thought they were capable of
potentially making a run for the Stanley Cup, right?
Because they got the goaltending, they still had
a Bufflin on the back end, their top
nine up front are very
competent, excuse me.
Line A, I haven't had a chance to really watch him.
I know his stats.
He's at a point of game right there.
As a Winnipeg fan, I'm asking you guys, reach out to me when you hear this.
Has his game developed?
Because this is going to be a big piece moving forward,
and this is a guy who's gambling on himself right now
because I think that he did have a a big time slump at the end
of last year there was some back and forth as to why that slump occurred he didn't think maybe he
was playing with the players he should have been playing with but I I kind of sided with Paul
Maurice and the fact that I think I think he was a bit of a dog what are we seeing this year is he
actually a little bit committed to playing both ends of the ice has he been streaky
like he was last year so and i'll ask you two guys too like have you have you noticed any any
drastic changes in his game and maybe his body language out there i haven't seen enough of their
games to give a definite answer i would like to talk to somebody who watches them every night but
i don't think that he's been a major issue for them this year.
I don't think they're losing at all because of him.
I mean, maybe he kind of hoped he'd have more than 23
at this point in the year,
but the defense has kind of been what everyone's pointing at
in terms of why this team hasn't lived up to expectations.
Well, but it's got to come down to whether they think,
is this the type of guy you make a 9 million to 10 million commitment to?
No.
I don't think so.
9 million to 10 million a year?
Well, I mean, all these other guys are good.
If he's at a point of game, he's probably going to be in the 9 million range
if you want to keep this guy around long term.
And then what do you do if you can't come to another agreement then you sign him for a one one more year how many more
years would they have him locked up if he signed a one more year after this year which i thought
i thought what didn't he sign a two-year deal yeah he's oh was it a two-year okay i thought it was a
one year fuck yeah he's got one more year left after this one at 6.75 and then uh he'll still
be rfa after that i think what's important to remember guys this kid's still only 21 years old
man like sure you know his he has so much room for i know at that such a young age like to punt him
early man that that could oh i wouldn't i wasn't saying punt him i was saying make make a larger
financial commitment because i mean he's he's obviously the numbers wise you can't in
today's nhl you can't just like get rid of a guy like that mind you now that he's going like this
summer once july 1st hits he'll be technically in the last year of his contract they could then
re-up him so this summer kind of is a contract year for him potentially some guys do sign that's
how guys are doing it under their entry level now
they'll do it after as soon as the third year the entry level kicks in they re-up them like i think
he sure did it uh uh keller did it that's like the new norm yeah and for the first off it was
going to have to be at least six seven five plus ten percent of that if i'm not mistaken so he's
looking at you know fucking seven 3 or whatever to stop.
I was just more curious as like we hadn't really talked about him
because there was a lot of criticism in the offseason
and how that whole situation was going down.
We did mention earlier one doozy of a game, Toronto and Montreal.
The Habs tied it late.
And then who else?
Ilya Kovalchuk wins it 143 in overtime after he puts home a Campbell
poke check what a night and day
season for this guy he scored a
17th career overtime game second
this season you know he was out LA
he looked lost now granted they're not a great team
or really a good team right now and
wasn't really doing much he got to Montreal
and it was like a fucking like
night and day like I said he's been unreal
by the way number
17 over career overtime goal allowed him to pass sid daniel sedina patrick elliash and puts him at
number three on the all-time list behind ovi and yaga so that's pretty lofty company because the
kid oh yeah i i got nothing about this guy i got nothing busy you want to start talking about him
you can go ahead all he does is make me eat it.
Who's this?
Cole.
We can move on from him.
He's too good.
Too good.
All right.
Shut up, Whit.
That's all he says.
Shut the fuck up, Whit.
Good trade bait.
I saw a cool video.
I think it was his Instagram.
He's out on an outdoor rink with his kids dangling, dangling his kids.
They already got the Montreal jerseys on, so pretty cool video if you want to check that one out
where you can see the skill level that he has.
Looked a little like me on my
fucking plastic sheet. Patrick Eves used to
tell me that he was like on
the ice playing keep away from Alexey Kovalev
when he was younger.
Must have, I don't know, maybe 12, 13 years old, who knows.
But he said it was 45 minutes, couldn't
get the puck. Legit, not one chance getting it from him.
So these rushing guys one-on-one, it's just another level.
It's pretty fun to watch.
One other team that's gotten hot as hell, the Tampa Bay Lightning.
They continue to make a move.
They won the sixth straight and ninth straight at home.
Andre Vasilevsky made 17 saves to extend his point streak to 18 games.
16-0-2 is the new franchise record for most consecutive games with the point.
He passed Nikolai Habibulin's 16-game point streak from the 0-3 season a while back.
Tampa Bay, man, they've been a contender for a decade now.
I mean, literally the extent of 2010 through now, they just can't get over the hump.
They've been to one cup.
They feel like they might be going at a slower pace this year,
after maybe blowing their load too early last year.
I think that it's all coming together,
and you wondered what was going on.
Weird start.
Kucherov got benched one game.
Just kind of a, after what happened last year,
and then the heartbreak of the playoffs,
and then leading in, you thought they'd explode again.
But it took them a little while, and now,
things are clicking. They are my Stanley Cup pick. I'm doing it again. I did it last year.
I think they're going to win it, and I think it is about what Biz has mentioned a bunch of times
on here before about going through some heartache, going through some really tough times, and finally
coming through the other side, and now they look as good as ever. Everyone looks  by the way, you have to check out that Sorelli,
Anthony Sorelli back check on Matt Barzell.
So Sorelli is a definite possible winner of the Selkie Trophy,
but catches the league's fastest skater.
Now, granted, he had the puck,
so you're not going to be able to move as fast as the guy back checking,
but weights the perfect amount with effort
and then weights without taking a penalty
and a quick little stick lift at the very end. So great great defensive play and when you talk about all the guys on the team
like how many people are mentioned in sorelli that's how deep they are headman headman is the
big key last year in the in the playoffs he was injured if he could stay healthy then then i love
i love them moving forward because either way that second round of the atlantic division is going to
be a battle yeah i mean already we haven't gotten to playoffs and I would say that's one of the
leading stories going in.
How are these guys going to respond?
You would imagine that first game,
there are going to be some more nerves.
Like we can't fuck this up again.
Right.
These are their core years,
man.
They,
they,
they got a,
they got a monster.
The other one being of course,
if,
if Toronto and Boston do somehow meet
or if the Leafs can even get into playoffs,
because I believe they're on the outside looking in right now.
Actually, they sneaked right back into the third spot last night.
Okay, so they did.
Okay, so.
Saturday night.
But, like, can they win a fucking playoff series?
So, it's.
Against the Bruins?
No.
I picked them last year. If they're playing the Bruins? No. I picked them last year.
If they're playing the Bruins, no.
I'm not.
Never again am I picking the Leafs to beat the Bruins in the playoffs.
All right.
Well, there you have it, folks.
We do have some congratulations to send out.
Congrats to Minnesota's Zach Parise,
who played in his 1,000th NHL game on Friday night versus Dallas.
He also got his 10th career 20-goal season.
Whit, you must have played against Parise back in the day, no?
Oh, my God.
This guy was so filthy.
He was, as we talk about Crosby, like superstar grinder.
Parise, the way he just, like, worked his balls off on the ice
while also having this incredible skill.
I remember he went to North Dakota.
He's a year younger than me, so we played one world junior together.
He was dominant.
I think he was our leading scorer,
maybe up near the top of the tournament lead in scoring in Halifax.
And then the next year, he lit it up again,
and Team USA won the gold medal.
So just a guy that from the very beginning,
you knew he was going to be a superstar.
Shattuck St. Mary's, North Dakota, the kid that was
the handsome kid from Minnesota that was the best player.
He's like the guy from Mighty Ducks.
What's his name? Banks Grinelli?
Adam Banks.
Adam Banks.
It's like Parisi, just the best player, a man rocket,
and he's made millions.
The monster deal he signed with Minnesota after great years in Jersey,
one year at over 95 points.
And I think that he's just been a model of consistency while also recently
battling some tough injuries, man.
And, and biz, he was one of those guys that was huge in the art machine.
You remember that way of training?
I don't know if he still is,
but I think a lot of guys ended up kind of being disappointed with,
with, with that and the results. Yeah. Maybe it wasn't as good as they thought at the time up kind of being disappointed with that. With the results, yeah.
Yeah, maybe it wasn't as good as they thought at the time.
I should know more about that, so maybe I shouldn't be speaking out of turn
since I never did train with the machine.
But in talking about Parisi, I'll never forget just being blown away
by his skill level and how much of a gamer he was.
And the true sign of a former player's son in that he was so hockey smart
and his dad was a hell of a player.
He played on the Team Canada when they  what was it, 72?
Paul Henderson, R.A. or Biz, you should know it, right?
When they beat the Russians.
Oh, in the Canada Cup.
Was it 72?
Yeah, I believe so.
Yeah, either way.
Like his father, go look at his fake stick swing at the Russian ref in Moscow.
It's one of the most  if he'd hit him, he'd be dead.
It was incredible.
He'd get kicked out of the game, skating full speed,
and he was going to hit him like a baseball bat.
So J.P. Parisi, I believe.
And his dad has since passed.
But what a player he was and what a player Zach is.
So I'm really happy for him to reach 1,000
and basically show that just because you're skilled
does not mean you don't have to work,
because that's what he does.
I mean, ditto what Witt said, and I'd have to agree.
He's a handsome bugger.
I wouldn't trust, I would leave my wife in a room with him alone.
Wife.
Hey, I know I'd be hungry after 1,000 games,
but not sure I'd have enough energy to head out and grab a bite.
Well, that's what DoorDash is for, because I haven't played one NHL game, but I still love their service.
DoorDash connects you to your favorite restaurants in your city.
Ordering is easy. Open the DoorDash app, choose what you want to eat, and your food will be delivered to you wherever you are.
Not only is your favorite pizza joint already on DoorDash, but there are over 340,000 restaurants in 3,300 cities, so you might find a new favorite too.
With door-to-door delivery in all 50 states and Canada, order from your favorite local go-tos or choose from a favorite national restaurants like Chipotle, Wendy's, Chick-fil-A, and the Cheesecake Factory.
Don't worry about dinner. Let dinner come to you with DoorDash. And right now, our listeners can get 5 off their first order of 15 or more
when they download the DoorDash app and enter the promo code CHICKLETS.
That's 5 off your first order when you download the DoorDash app
from the App Store and enter the promo code CHICKLETS.
Don't forget, that's promo code CHICKLETS for 5 off your first order
from DoorDash.
Well, guys, one game we did not mention yet from Saturday night,
and that would be the U.S. woman versus the Canadian woman.
In the rivalry series they played, I believe it was five games.
The Americans won four of the five of them.
Dude, they had a crowd of over 13,000 at the pond in Anaheim last night for this game.
Unreal game.
The U.S. tied it late, won it in OT.
Let me just find my notes here.
I think that was the largest.
I think it was the largest amount of tickets sold at a non-Olympic event
in North America, correct?
I believe it was, yeah.
The American woman, it was Megan Bozak, who scored the game winner in overtime.
WC, yeah. 13,320 was the largest crowd ever for a women the game winner in overtime. Let me see.
13,320 was the largest crowd ever for a women's game in the U.S.
I'm not sure about North America, but definitely the U.S.
And, of course, the U.S. and Canadian women will most likely meet again at the World Championships in Nova Scotia,
which takes place from March 31st to April 10th.
That must be an awesome time because we know Halifax slash Hollywood
is a great potty town
though that would be a hell of a take well where were we the was it called the stubborn goat
i think we talked about we yeah i think we talked about maybe going back for that god i'll check my
schedule if i'm free i might head up to hallie to go enjoy the festivities there maybe at least go
for the metal round content or just have a good time maybe i'll get back on my sauce how are you
yeah that's what when i was getting chirped by the ladies uh after the the uh the game out in
st louis uh they said to us why don't you guys come up so i say i'll check the schedule but
that will be a hell of a take take it up there for the finals but either way boys what do you
think should we send it over to stapes and hazy now or what oh keep in mind here hazy was crippled at this point like i don't know how well uh grinnell did with the editing can you let let
the fans know here i did you i did you a solid gym i'll just say that well also you gotta you
gotta preface it with we had golfed and like gone to dinner it was a long day oh there was some pink
whitney consumed not not by staon, no booze for him.
So he's just that funny when he's regularly sober.
Hazy still, even though he had a nice buzz,
I think you're going to really enjoy
the performance of a true songbird.
Yeah.
We'll leave it at that.
And right now, go to two guys who kicked our ass
at the Sandbagger Invitational.
Wow. Wow, everyone. this is a very special night um we got a couple of our favorite guests here right now reoccurring guests with
jimmy hayes we're with tim stapleton we're down in dallas these guys came down and we
had a nice little sandbaggers invitation i'll say nice for these two we got smoked we're going to
be getting into that but wanted to let you know why they're here, what's going on.
But I think the way we're going to start this is by going into the reaction of one of our best interviews of all time, Tim Stapleton and the Russian stories.
How have you been doing and what has been going on since that first one dropped?
Nyet.
Nyet.
. . That's Russian for I don't understand Keep that goddamn mic in your mouth
Oh sorry like this?
Yeah right there
Or I'll have Igor sent after you
Dude that was an awesome interview by the way
Igor
Next time Igor comes on I want to be on with him
You gonna call him out on calling you a liar?
Oh he's kind of called yeah
He called me and you liar I got a text from my Russian agent Next time Igor comes on, I want to be on with him. You're going to call him out on calling you a liar? Oh, he's kind of called, yeah.
He called me and you liar.
I got a text from my Russian agent, literally.
I didn't know you guys play these episodes at midnight,
so I woke up at 7 a.m. and I already got a text.
And my agent was like,
he's like, you're trending in Russian media hockey right now.
And I knew right away. I was like, fuck, the podcast.
But I haven't heard yet.
So I just texted back.
I'm like, good or bad?
And he goes, he goes, he goes out a little bit.
And he goes, well, you didn't have to lie.
And, you know, he goes, oh, you trashed legendary Krikenov.
And I was like.
That's the one that the most heat was coming.
Dude, he is a legend.
I can pretty much recall that I never trashed him.
I just didn't like him.
If anything, he reads MRIs.
I just added to his legacy of being this legendary coach.
You put the MD on his name.
You know what I'm saying?
For me, it was like I'm arguing.
Now I'm in this argument.
I'm like, I didn't lie.
I didn't lie.
He's like, well, first of all,
my name is from a Russian agent.
He goes, his name's not Igor.
It's Vladimir.
So the whole time I'm crashing this guy over in Russian, everyone's hating on me.
I'm not even calling him by his right name.
That'd be like a Russian player coming out and being like, John Keenan, terrible coach.
Talking about Mike Keenan.
Just calling him John the whole time.
And you gave him Igor of all names.
He sucks.
So I'm like, oh, shit.
He was right.
So I didn't know what to say back to that.
And I go, well, even better.
I wasn't talking about Vladimir.
I'm talking about Igor.
It's his little brother.
He coaches in the VHL.
I'm not lying.
I'm talking about Igor.
And you guys are bitching about Vladimir.
So I just kind of went along with that.
And then I got a voicemail.
So everyone listening,
we're going to play the voicemail for you.
This is our first time hearing it as well.
So let's not even go into it more.
I think we just need to hear it.
Okay, yeah, I got a voicemail. So back to the original
question, like I had to change my kid's name
and my address
and yeah, no, it's been great.
Anyways,
this is a voicemail I got let's see hashtag mock unknown number called me for like four days oh you know i ain't answering so i never i won't
answer any number like people collecting money or some shit usually like i've known any any unknown
number or different number i don't answer but this was never good news like this was like well
i might even cross be calling you.
No, the only guy that calls me.
No, his says blocked.
This one says unknown, but sometimes it says private.
The only guy that has that is Chelios when he calls.
Not that he calls me all the time, but he has a private number.
Which is not a big deal.
Which is badass.
Yeah.
Which means you're paying the extra 50 bucks a month through it.
So unknown.
Stapes took Chelios' phone in the ring and just called himself with it.
Team Stapleton,
it's Fedor.
You need to call me
in Moscow.
It's a country
code you know
because you
slandered the
motherland.
You will call me
on 4-1-
3-4-9-5.
You will call me
today.
Oh!
That's a threat! That was a threat! I never called. You need Big Daddy today. Oh! That's a threat!
That was a threat!
I never called.
You need Big Daddy's help?
That was like De Niro.
Today.
You, if you called, you'd be the dumbest person in the world.
I would love to call that number back.
Really?
Fuck yeah, I got Big Daddy in my corner.
Are you kidding me?
What about the fact that while you're calling, there's a bunch of satellites figuring out
your area of where you're at on the phone, and they're figuring out how to get to you.
You get nothing out of calling that guy.
You would call back.
You need protection.
We got it covered.
Okay.
Hazy's got you.
All right, we're good.
We can have Hazy call back later.
Should we call back now?
Are we going live?
Let's get him on the phone right now and see that pussy answer.
I think it's four in the morning there.
No, you know what?
I think it actually...
I have a feeling it was someone fucking with me.
Oh.
Yeah.
Because it didn't seem like maybe it was necessarily enough numbers.
I think it's like seven more numbers.
Yeah, yeah.
There's something a little...
Oh, you think it was Foley?
No, because it was unknown.
You couldn't see it.
I'll tell you what a Russian number looks like.
No, no, I mean...
Do they call it the motherland?
Or do they actually say it?
I don't know.
There's a few things in there that I just was like, I don't know.
I was scared until yesterday.
Yesterday was the first day I was like, oh, maybe that's someone else.
He's like, I'm going to see the chance guys again.
So I got to pretend that that doesn't matter.
We'll go right back into it.
No, yes.
So I don't know.
Well, you talked about changing your kids' names.
Yeah, because I was fucking worried about these spies.
Well, I mean, you talked about...
You can't do any...
The spies, if they would have said, like, we're sending two KGB guys, it's like, okay, we're going to die.
That's what we got.
Spies, spies.
No, there's spies.
Spies is way worse because, you know, these guys are just going to, like, do...
They're just going to fuck with you.
They're out there.
Oh, yeah, there's Russian spies.
They're, like, trying to...
They're going to do something that's... Because that's what they do out there. Like, you don't win. They just, like, keep you just gonna fuck with you they're out there oh yeah they're like trying to they're gonna do something that's because that's what they do out there like you
don't you don't win they just like keep you for 40 days what do you mean they don't physically
hurt you they're just like we're gonna fuck with you and that's exactly what i thought about when
they said spies i was like fuck now i gotta look out my window what were you asking what do you
mean like what are they gonna do it's spies like they Oh, it's a joke. No, it's a...
I was getting into this.
Yeah, I know.
We were kind of bantering.
He's like really trying to get back up for me.
I'm like, no, I think I'm okay.
He's like, I'll find him.
I'll find him for you.
He's had a lot of beers on the golf course today.
No, I'm good now.
I'm back.
And he lit it up.
I was overthinking the situation.
And he lit it up.
And also great that we have these two guys together because of the experience of World Championships
where apparently Stapleton was supposed to be the babysitter for the Hayes brothers and Johnny Goudreau.
I can't imagine that they ever thought that would go over as bad as it did.
No, that's what the  because you guys talked about the goalie jersey story.
Yes.
So that was my first experience with this guy.
That's why it was  from my point of view,
it was really fucked up that he had this goalie jersey on
because we just met there.
And I didn't know anybody.
I was the old guy.
I think I was the only guy not in North America.
Maybe, I think, I don't know who else.
I don't remember.
But it was a younger team, so we're in the locker room,
and the U.S. team always just meets there.
These other countries play for seven weeks.
That's why they're so good.
So I get in this locker room, and I'm just kind of being quiet,
and we get out for this game, and I'm just standing in the hallway,
and he just comes coming around the corner, and he's like the rah-rah guy.
Like, come on, boys.
He's got this fucking goalie jersey on.
He's got this goalie jersey on, and I'm sitting there like
Team guy.
Yeah, and I'm just looking at him.
I'm like, hey, dude.
I go, what's with the jersey?
He's like, oh, it's kind of what they had on. I'm sitting there like. Team guy. Yeah, and I'm like just looking at him. I'm like, hey, dude. I go, what's with the jersey? He's like, oh, yeah, that's kind of what they had.
So I'm wearing it.
I'm like, dude, if they offered me that, I'm like, I'm healthy scratching myself.
Like there's no way I was wearing what he had on.
Yeah, but the Germans were eating nails, so I had to be out there.
For pregame meal, I was told the Germans were eating nails.
That is, I mean, if your coach tells you the Germans are eating nails for a pregame meal,
you got to be out there.
Labby's telling me they're hammering nails.
So I got to get the boys going.
I'm a fourth line guy.
So I'm going to throw my, it would have looked like a muumuu on you.
That's what I'm saying.
The Homer Simpson one.
I'm already embarrassing like the CEO.
Can we get some film of this game?
Do you think it's out there?
None of this. I wish there was warmups. Can we get some film of this game? Do you think it's out there? None of this.
I wish there was warm-ups.
We've been struggling to find film.
He was in warm-ups, toe-dragging at the red line.
I was stretching and just watching.
Someone found a picture with the goalie shirt.
I was like, the German team's got to be like, who the fuck is this guy?
This guy's the most overconfident-looking moron.
So that's why this whole game went on.
And I'm just like, dude, this goalie jersey kid. So then after the game, they're like, hey, you know, Jim Johansson was like, just fuck. So that's why this whole game went on, and I'm just like, dude, this goalie jersey kid.
So then after the game, they're like, hey, you know, Jim Johansson was like, you know,
we pretty much took you to kind of just watch over some guys.
And I'm like, oh, so like a babysitter.
You took me to do that?
I'm like, you sure mean?
He's like, yeah, yeah.
I'm like, well, who do you want me to watch?
He's like, the Hayes brothers.
And I'm like, who are the Hayes brothers?
And the first guy he pointed to was Jimmy.
I'm like, you want me to babysit the fucking psycho with the goalie jersey on? That's what pointed to was Jimmy. I'm like, you want me to babysit the fucking psycho with the goalie jersey on?
That's what I said to him.
I'm like, you want me to babysit the...
And he's like, yeah.
And then he got his brother, Kevin, like rapping to some song.
And then he's like, and Johnny Goudreau.
And Johnny Goudreau, he's like learning how to peel an orange.
Just like standing with his orange.
I'm like, who the fuck are these guys?
Pasta, no sauce, Johnny Goudreau.
And him and Goudreau are like the Spider-Man meme.
They're just like the same person.
Goudreau and Goudreau.
And then it was just, I failed miserably.
What do you mean?
Johnny Hockey led the team in scoring.
I don't know.
You guys did a great fucking job.
Yeah, I think he meant he failed in that nobody went home before 6 a.m.
Johnny Hockey still led the tourney in scoring, but it was an off-ice issue.
No, maybe. How did that tournament end for that team? 6 a.m. Johnny Hockey still led the tourney in scoring, but it was an off-ice issue. No.
Maybe.
Maybe.
How did that tournament end for that team?
Did you guys even sniff getting a medal?
No.
No, we lost in the quarterfinals to Czech.
Sniff a few other things in Europe.
Glue.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
None of that.
None of that.
None of that.
No, but the one time, yeah, because going back to being the babysitter, the one time
me and his brother were in, like, the sauna.
We had a day off at the hotel.
And, like, I got in there first.
He came in second.
And we were just kind of, like, fucking probably hungover.
But he was, he's like, I got to do this stupid interview with, like, USA Hockey.
And so, you know, go.
We got to go somewhere.
And they're doing, like, one player from each team.
So I was just sitting there, like like putting water on the sauna thing.
And I'm like, you know, the babysitter.
I'm like, yeah, yeah, you know what, Kev?
He's like, warm that up.
No, I'm putting, I didn't even look at him.
I go, you know what, Kev, fuck that interview.
Like, they don't need you.
Like, you don't need to go.
You're here to take a sauna.
So he fucking doesn't go to the interview.
Jimmy Joe Hanson comes up to me.
He's like, hey, when I tell you, you got to like watch these guys. You got to watch them. And I'm like, well, yeah, what do you mean? He goes, well, you can't tell Kevin Hayes he can't do the interview. Jimmy Joe Hanson comes up to me. He's like, hey, when I tell you, you got to watch these guys.
You got to watch them.
And I'm like, well, yeah, what do you mean?
He goes, well, you can't tell Kevin Hayes he can't do the interview.
And I go, he told you.
Wait, he didn't go?
JJ's like, no.
And he told me that you told him that he couldn't go.
And I'm like, I didn't even consider it a rat out.
I was just like, I literally just couldn't have told him that he couldn't go.
You know, it wasn't like he was right.
I wasn't mad at him. I was like, fuck, it was my fault. He told the truth. They told me to babysit. This is why they told him that he couldn't go. It wasn't like he was... I wasn't mad at him.
I was like, fuck, it was my fault.
He told the truth.
They told me to babysit.
This is why they told me to babysit.
That's why I was failing miserably.
So there's a part of you that says, oh my God, why would he not go?
Then, oh wait, I was the one who told him not to go.
I kind of understand it.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh my God. That tournament, though, we I kind of understand it. Yeah, exactly.
Oh, my God.
That tournament, though, we had a lot of fun.
We sure did.
I thought, what was it, 30 days in Minx, Belarus?
Was it that long?
No, yeah, three weeks. It's like three weeks, usually.
And you played there, so you knew that.
Oh, yeah, that was a whole other thing.
I was the man.
Hey, remember?
No, we landed at the airport.
It's like all the NHL guys were all getting on the bus,
and then everyone got on but me,
and I'm just getting bombarded by these cameras.
This guy's a legend.
So the whole bus is sitting there like,
first of all, who the fuck is this guy on our team?
Second of all, why is everyone interviewing him?
And I just held up the bus for like 20 minutes
doing these interviews to all these people
that don't even speak English.
People were taking pictures of you walking around there.
What were the boards number?
LeBron James and Minx.
He was the LeBron James of Minx.
Minus the LeBron.
Yeah, but not to my team.
One night my room got trashed.
The Miyagi of Minx.
One of the guys, someone trashed my room.
My mattress was out the window.
We had fans in Minx, Belarus.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just rooting for Tim Stapleton.
Yeah, because that's their team.
They're fans.
They're crazy there.
Yeah, I see that.
They're crazy.
Timmy would set us up with some of the best restaurants and places to go.
And one night, Timmy decided to take us to that karaoke bar.
And I like to think I'm a pretty good karaoke singer once in a while.
I got my one go-to song
what is it
American Soldier
I'm an American Soldier
I don't even know this song
Toby Keith
American Soldier
I sang the shit
out of that song
in Minsk, Belarus
40 times
these fucking people
they went nuts
I mean at the time I think I had fucking five or six girls Minsk, Belarus. 40 times. These fucking people, they went nuts.
I mean, at the time, I think I had fucking five or six girls.
Can you talk into the fucking mic, please? I had five or six girls.
Probably thought I was a full-on country rock star.
They might have thought that was your song you made up.
They thought I was singing the anthem for the rest of the tournament.
You're like, no, I'm the third string goalie.
Have you seen my jersey? This was at like
noon.
This was at like noon.
And I'm sitting there like, that's one of the guys I'm babysitting.
He hasn't gone to bed yet. I'm trying to get him to sleep.
Good luck.
I'm trying to get him to sleep.
All the coaches are having lunch in the restaurant.
It's still the brunch menu.
And he's sitting there.
We have a two o'clock practice.
He's like walking up to their table.
I'm an American soul.
They're like, wait, practice is in two hours.
They're like, Hayes, we're...
They're like, fucking God damn it, Hayes.
We're Stapleton.
He went right back to me.
I'm like, I give up.
I give up.
It's impossible to babysit these guys.
We made you laugh, though.
No, yeah.
So, Tim, you had some quite interesting
experiences after you came on the show.
It increased your popularity amongst
family and friends, no?
After your appearance on Chicklets the first time?
My family,
yeah, they were...
We had to listen to that loser's voice on a podcast too
yeah um no it's in the hockey world at least around me like i went to a skate uh i skated
for the first time you still skate no i can't you guys only when he makes commercials but i went for
like it was like nine months or the first time i skated like nine months like a week ago and it
was at a rink i live like 60 miles out of Chicago. This rink's like another 30 miles, like kind of small town.
And you had to sign up on an email.
It's like a drop in hockey.
And I walked into the locker room and everyone's just like, spitting chiclets.
You're Tim.
No one's ever like, hey, you're Tim Stapleton.
Like the whole hockey player?
Like I said, I don't fit that profile.
But when they knew I was coming to play, I mean, that's all.
I was Tim Stapleton spitting chiclets.
And I was just like,
okay, tell us a Russian story.
I was like, no!
I was like, fuck, man.
I wasn't prepared for this.
It was an episode. I didn't know what to say.
I didn't really get mad.
I just thought how big the show has gotten.
Buy some boikies and I'll tell you a story.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Did you get a little bump on the product there or what?
We have more talking to do.
Well, yeah.
Okay.
Boinkies is going to sponsor the old CCM Sandbagger Invitational.
It's now the Boinkies Sandbagger Invitational.
And I guess that could segue us right into talking about the golf match.
Wow.
Wow. It remembers everyone's shot the golf match. Wow. Wow.
It remembers everyone's shot on every hole.
Yeah.
Wait, you should just go through this.
I got my teammates' shots.
Woof is a good term, I guess, to start.
And we got our dicks sandbagged right off our body by these two former Team USA World Championship Belarus scumbags.
Fifth place.
Fifth place, yeah.
And we got worked.
I'm going to explain to everyone what kind of went on.
I was the major reason we really got drum biz.
We were going to lose no matter what, but I didn't play well.
I also, at the beginning, was figuring out handicaps.
So let me tell you, Mr. Miyagi over here, Stapleton, tells me he's a 10.
Alright, fine. I see him hitting on the range.
He's hitting it nice. I'm like, alright, whatever. Maybe he's a 10.
Jimmy Hayes is a 13.
He was a 20, like,
I don't know, three months ago. I played with him. He couldn't
hit his driver, couldn't chip and putt. Well,
now he's a 13 because he's improving
a lot, taking lessons. So, whatever.
You're a 15. I'm a 2.
You're going to get 13 shots.
I go, Biz will get the same as you, 13 shots.
That was my mistake.
Biz should have got a shot a hole.
Biz isn't as good as you two.
So we fucked up there and causing Biz not to get five shots.
And then Stapleton was getting 9 or 10.
Excuse me.
So right away I said, I think we got an issue because on the first tee,
Hazy and Stapleton pound drivers down the middle.
I'm like, I've never seen Hazy do that.
And Stapes told me he's a complete pigeon playing golf.
What happens?
We lose the first hole.
What happens?
Wait, we blinked and it was over.
And I was like, what the?
The match.
It was like a heist. I thought it was
Ocean's Eleven. Well, I'm going to give
a little quick
sort of run around, I guess, to describe
the whole thing. So this is a
net... These are net scores because
these guys are making pars
net birdies. So when I
tell you birdie, it's not a gross birdie
but for their team score, it was
a birdie. Oh, we did have some birdies.
Yeah, we had a couple.
Back to back.
Those were for twos.
Hey, let me get into that, bro.
First hole.
First hole, they go par net birdie.
Second hole, par net birdie.
Third hole, birdie net par.
They're now two under through three.
Fourth hole, par net birdie.
Three under.
Fourth hole, par net birdie. under fourth hole uh par net birdie uh so that
was the real birdie that was the real birdie and so that was a par net eagle so they are now
five under i believe um fifth hole they made a bogey net par sixth hole par net birdie seventh
hole is when it got interesting and i didn't give the scores of me and Biz there
But I will remind you in how good they were playing
And all those birdie and that eagle I'm mentioning
We ended up being down two through two
We tied it up and we're even through five
And then they won
Six, like I said, with a net birdie
Seven with a net birdie
So we're two down
Alright, fuck, we're two down again, Biz
Let's get them back
No, what happens is
Eight is a 98 yard fucking par three trinity forest beautiful golf course host
of the byron nelson and stapleton miyagi man gets up there and hits a 60 degree wedge the caddy in
the air goes that might go in i'm like motherfucker we're down two again this thing takes a dead left
turn and miss going in by a foot.
And what happens?
I hit one on the green, but 40 feet, typical.
I get it up there.
Stapleton in no issue at all.
Knocks in a birdie.
So they're now, I don't know, eight under net at this point.
That's a gross birdie.
There was no stroke there.
We get to nine.
We're down three.
Me and Biz have a little pep talk. Everyone pounded drives on nine, which was a 452-yard hole playing into the wind with kind of a crazy green.
Me and Biz get up together.
We said, Biz, we got to leave the ninth hole down three at worst.
Maybe we win the hole.
We're down two.
We cannot go down four.
All you guys were stroking. And Stapleton
is, I'm going to say
265.
This was the end of the round.
How far were you? I used a 7-iron.
Fuck off with the 7-iron thing.
The guy hits a goddamn
3-wood. He probably teed it up like
O.J. Simpson, too. Hits a 3-wood
that's in the air.
I'm like, I heard the caddy.
No, the caddy goes, it's 255 playing 275.
I was like, and I see this thing in the air come off like a rocket right at the pin.
I'm like, no way.
I'm like, that has to be short or long.
And I see it hit the top of the ridge.
It's like hump before the green nine turning for us.
And the caddy goes that's gonna
be tight i'm like oh my god the guy just hit three wood so but we can't see because of the
false front you can't see where the pin is and but here's what's even crazier about that
is i end up piping a i think a hybrid and you end up we were all no so that was what i was
gonna finish so then we get to you you're 230 playing 250 all  No, so that was what I was going to finish. So then we get to you. You're 230 playing 250.
You hit this sick hybrid that's like 30 feet right of the green,
like awesome shot for the situation.
And then Hazy goes.
He's like a little in front of you.
Hazy's like 210 playing 230.
He stripes a four iron like moon ball Jason Day long iron,
lands softly on the green 30 feet.
He's going for 3-2.
We still can't even see Stapleton's.
We're praying to God it's long in some bunker.
And then I get up.
I had 180 playing 200.
I hit it to like, I don't know, 6 feet, 7 feet.
We fucking walk over this goddamn hill on the ninth green at the Trinity Forest Golf Club.
And I see Tim Stapleton's three-wood from 250 playing 270
one inch from the cup.
Like...
I mark it.
Yeah.
All of a sudden,
should I mark that?
Want me to mark that?
Yeah, fuck you, Stapes.
Mark it, buddy.
Yeah, mark your ball.
You're telling me how bad of a party you are.
And Biz was like,
dude, I can make my putt,
which was great.
I mean, you were 35 feet, whatever, I can make my putt, which was great.
I mean, you were 35 feet, whatever, but you had great confidence,
and you missed it. And I had to make birdie to then hope he would miss his one-foot putt for net eagle.
I didn't even make the birdie, so pick it up, Stapes.
So they finished the front nine, nine under net, and they're up four.
And before I get to the back, why don't you guys say if I forgot anything
or kind of how it was going for you.
In terms of Jimmy, the best golf I've ever seen you play.
Yeah, I mean, I called my dad first thing I did after a round.
I couldn't wait.
My dad said, Jim, I haven't heard you this happy in months.
I mean, I couldn't even tell.
I think maybe the last time I scored a goal in a pro hockey game,
I might have been this happy.
No, there's no chance you were this happy.
I mean, the way I was playing, you know, Greg McKay,
the swing coach up at Walston,
he is just pounding my drivers in three woods, and this is perfect.
Yeah, the drivers changed completely.
I also want to say that when you're giving this many shots,
ideally you're looking for a hard course.
This course was set up like you could kind of hit it anywhere.
So we did have the occasional miss by him,
but then he'd go over there, and from another fairway,
he'd whack it near the green.
And then the most frustrating part,
God damn, Jimmy Hayes, Broadway Jim.
It didn't work out with the Bruins, but they gave him a golf bag.
We talk about that on the video.
Look at my number on it, too.
The video's coming out.
This guy, this is what drove me nuts.
And anyone who plays golf will understand that Hayes, he was always stroking.
So if Biz or I had a birdie putt, Hayes, he had a birdie putt for 3-2.
Well, what would he do?
He'd have 12 feet for birdie, and he'd have 12 feet for par coming back. He was putting like an orangutan on the first putt for three two well what would he do he'd have 12 feet for birdie and he'd have 12 feet
for par coming back he was putting like an orangutan on the first putt i'm like oh my god
it just gives you hope because at the beginning you're like he might make it if not a two putt
well no then you put hope in our mind oh my god he's in a three putt he has so much like he has
so many feet left to make it and you can't four 10 to 15 foot par putts for net birdies and i wanted to take my seven iron
rimming around your neck and strangle you till you couldn't breathe anymore but the cockiness
and the ability to make those putts when it mattered i was super impressed i got to admit it
yeah it's the old uh rope-a-dope i like to call it oh is that what it is yeah i think the rope-a-dope
would more be that like i got the lead at one point
And you made me confident
And then you came in
And doped me
You just had the lead
The whole time
No I just don't want to
Hit those birdie putts
Because I don't want
My handicap to go too high
Because that's just
Sandbagger Invitational
So I'm not going to
Have my handicap drop
If I don't have to have it drop
Great line by Hazy
In the middle of the
I think it was on 12
They're up 5 or 6
And he goes
Isn't it called
The Sandbagger's Invitational As we're chirping His handicap being too high So I understood that I think it was on 12, about 5 or 6, and he goes, isn't it called the sandbaggers invitational?
That's what chirped and his handicap being too high.
So I understood that.
I wasn't a big fan of the fact that you were negotiating everything.
You should have more safety.
So now are you going to retract on your original statement
calling me a sandbagger?
Would you not say I'm probably a 20 handicap?
Or is Witt playing too low?
No, I didn't play good.
I'll admit it.
Witt could be playing too low.
He's a reverse sandbagger.
I'm the reverse. I'm the opposite.
I'm the one that you usually get to win money
off of. I'm the waste.
I would say we played
a decent length golf
course today, which would be average length
because reminding everyone, we played half of the blues and half of the whites.
Yeah, we played the tips and then the ups, the one-ups.
The combo.
I think we were at 6,800 yards, I believe is what we were at.
And I probably shot a 90 to 95 today.
Well, I mean, that gives away the end, but we didn't finish.
We lost on the 14th hole.
Five up with four to go.
No, we lost...
You were playing better than that.
We lost five and four,
which means they are up five and there's four to go.
If you do the math, there's not
enough to catch up.
It was embarrassing.
It was a shit-kicking. I mean, it was an absolute
shit-kicking. The it was an absolute shit kicking.
The issue was right away, you know, Biz wasn't in love with the reads the caddy was giving him.
He wasn't giving him good reads.
He was a great guy, though.
Great guy.
Trent had every read.
Great guy.
Yeah, and then Hazy wanted a new caddy.
I don't like my guy.
What happened to that?
That guy rode you.
You guys rode him like a horse.
You were jockeys riding your caddy.
Well, when I one putt the first green, then I thought I want to stick with that guy.
But then I picked up Trent and this guy.
Fuck.
Obviously, he plays there.
I mean, Stapleton comes in and last night we talk and he's like, I suck at golf, dude.
I can't believe I'm playing golf in front of cameras.
I suck.
I'm like, buddy, it'll be fun.
You don't suck.
He starts par, par, bogey, par, par, bogey, par,
par, bogey, par,
birdie, birdie.
That's a fucking sandbag if I've ever
fucking seen one. One of those was a double. I'm sorry.
I read Hazy's. Either way, the scores
I just read make one of the bogeys a double
and then the birdies on
8 and 9, including the 9 from
250 playing 270 with this
stupid 3-wood that he calls a seven iron.
Sometimes you got to tip your cap.
So I think we've talked enough about the sandbanger, but long story short, everyone, these fuckers
now have the torch.
You're going to have to call it to two other guys that we got to play.
But, uh, that was our first ever L.
Is that how it works?
First.
So we don't get the prize.
Say Gretzky and Hull.
The crowd's going to call me out.
So the winner doesn't advance.
It's not like a win to move on.
No, no.
You got to start and host the podcast to advance,
but you did beat the guys, so we appreciate it.
The dinner was good.
Hey, dinner was really good.
It was.
How good was that fucking Toro?
Best sushi I've ever had.
I could sit at a table like that and eat Nobu all night.
It's crazy expensive, and it's not a shitload of food, but it's so fucking good.
Nobu's great.
Nobu's one of my favorites.
I wish the size portions were a little larger, R.A.
I agree with you.
Yeah, it's just a little more bang for your buck, I guess.
I mean, the food was delicious, but, you know.
I couldn't agree more.
Catch Neil down the oilies and fucking pass that off as sushi, right, Hazy? Any other? Oh, I wanted to ask you. Nobu, the food was delicious, but, you know. I couldn't agree more. Catching Neil down the oilies and fucking passed out
off his sushi, right, Hazy?
Oh, I wanted to ask you.
Do you have any other Russian stories?
I know now I sound like the kids at the rink.
Give me a Russian story.
The dot on his forehead is showing up right now.
No, I don't really have
any Russian stories.
I know what you mean, Russia.
I've never been to Russia.
I can tell you the time that Joe Pavelski,
because during the lockout,
we got players, and it was the
first time he did Russian gas.
It was amazing.
But it was also my first time.
What team was this? This was in Minsk.
And all of a sudden, this doctor comes around the room
and he goes, imports, gas man.
And you would have thought we won the fucking Stanley Cup.
Guys are, whoa, gas man.
I'm sitting there like, what's the gas man?
They're like, just wait.
They're like, just wait.
We all cuddle into this corner.
Are we going home?
Yeah, no.
We're happy.
We all go in this little corner of the gas man's there.
He's pumping the tank.
I went first. Then it was like five of the gas man's there. He's pumping the tank. And so I went first.
And then it was like five of the guys already did it before.
So I go first.
I did three minutes.
Then they hold you down a little bit.
Then you get up.
And I get up.
You know, me, me, me.
And I was just like, that was awesome.
That was the best three minutes of my life.
So as this is going on, Pavs is like, you know Pavs.
Real laid back guy.
He's kind of like, well, I don't know if this is a, I don't know if it's going to fuck me up much.
And I'm like, yeah, buddy.
But he's Russian.
I mean, the way you sound, it's going to fuck you up a lot.
You know, like you're the guy that's like, oh, I've never really drank.
This might not fuck me up.
Give me that shot of vodka.
Pink Whitney.
Yeah, Pink Whitney.
Pink Whitney vodka.
So he goes down and he starts going.
We're all like, you know, just like watching these kids, you know.
And suddenly he's done.
And when you're done, the number one rule is like you sit for like a good minute.
Well, he ended up just like fucking bulldozing the doctor off of him.
And he bulldozed the doctor off when he got up and he's just standing.
He's got this face.
And we're all sitting there like, you know, and he's got this face, and it's changing.
Sorry.
It's changing.
He's like almost changing.
He's like the Incredible Hulk, but he's like forming into a Russian.
And we were just like.
His hair gets cut.
No, seriously.
It's straight.
And then he started trying to talk, and he was just like.
He spits on the floor. Right on the floor, right? And we're like. And then he gets back, and he was just like yeah he spits on the floor right on this floor right and we're like and
then he gets back he looks back and i start spitting on the floor again he just kept spitting
on the floor and then he falls back into the wall so we all get up we like get him we're like get
him up we get him up we smack him and then he comes to he's like oh yeah that wasn't bad we're
like wasn't bad i'm like pabs you just sounded like rocky you went into the wall wasn't bad. We're like, was it bad? We're like, was it bad? I'm like, Pabs, you just sounded like Rocky.
You went into the wall.
Pabs, wasn't bad.
Look in the mirror.
You're Russian now.
That was one of the craziest.
Oh, my God.
I'm sure he'll appreciate that being told in the podcast.
Hopefully, he'll get a haircut.
Hopefully, he'll get clearance from the stars on that one.
He's got 100 million.
I would hope he wouldn't mind.
No, he loved it.
He's the best. He always talks about the Russian cast. That guy's the best stars on that one. He's got 100 million. I would hope he wouldn't mind. No, he loved it. He's the best.
He always talks about the Russian cash.
That guy's the best at anything he does.
It's crazy.
He's a legend.
We're here in Dallas.
Do you guys have any particular fond memories or maybe not so fond memories of this town
and being down here?
Yeah, I was a healthy scratch.
They called it.
I didn't even make the trip, so I never played here.
You might want to ask him.
No, we had some fun in this town, a couple of rookie parties.
No.
I got to spend one of those lockout.
During the lockout, we'd get like a bunch of guys together,
and we went to Vail.
We went to here.
We went to Scottsdale.
So, you know, you'd get 20 to 30 guys,
and you'd skate in the morning and play golf in the afternoon.
And Dallas was great.
I've said this story on the podcast before, but that was when Napoli was like hanging out with a baseball player, to 30 guys and you'd skate in the morning and play golf in the afternoon and dallas was great i've
said this story on the podcast before but that was when napoli was like hanging on as you know
the baseball player mike napoli he had just signed for close to like 12 million a year he signed a
huge deal so somehow it came out where he was like setting us up at this club and i want to say there
was 12 guys and we all had a great night out ripped it up and the next day we got to skate and like
there was a guy who was friends with napoli and kind of friends with a couple guys in dallas and
skating and he's like hey uh the bill like i don't know i'm gonna say say the bill was like
10 grand right well napoli we gave we gave him money napoli had gone to the guy and said
uh listen those guys they kind of they owe me like another 1200
like total the guy had just signed for 12 million a year for like four or five years we're like dude
there is no chance you're getting another 180 a guy for last night like we gave you nine grand
or whatever it was and i always just remember being like, if I signed for 40 million and went out with a bunch of NHL guys and they paid me 95 of what the night was, I'd be like, I'm cool with it.
I'd make more than all of them altogether.
Yeah, but that's where...
And he chased you down?
He didn't do it personally, but one of his buddies was like, yeah, you still owe him some money.
And everyone's like, what?
This guy makes more money than any one of us.
And it was like, you all give your share at the end of a night at a club with bottle service, right?
For the most part.
We had done that.
But that's why we go out with Tuco or somebody like Bergeron.
Those guys, whatever the bill's like that, and they put their card down, they would not even ask a question.
Or not even ask one guy for a penny.
They would just take it on the chin
and that's how good of guys they were.
Those guys won't go out so much
when they did do it.
They loved it.
They just enjoyed it
and they made sure every guy on the team had fun.
They made sure a young guy
was not going to give them 180.
What happened with Scotty Upshaw
when you guys went paintballing high?
Oh, that was...
Can you tell the story
in the mic, please?
Alright, so we went
paintballing down and for a lot of deals.
It was the
Olympic year, so we had the break
while all the other guys were
playing in the Olympics and all the cool
guys were going to sit back,
and I would work on my game in Florida.
So one day we all decided we might have smoked a little bit of weed and then go play paintball.
But I think I might have hit the pen a little too hard.
So I got my 300 paintballs, and we went paintballing for two hours and sat behind one tree branch.
paintballs and we went paintballing for two hours and sat behind one tree branch and when i got back yeah three hours later i could open my gun and i think 299 paintballs came flying out because
i just shot one to make sure it worked and i just sat there and i didn't fucking uh scott how much
fun do you have i was like i had zero fun because i was so fucking paranoid i was gonna get killed
fun what do you mean fun war did you win did you win you didn't get shot well was going to get killed. Fun? What do you mean fun? War. Did you win?
You didn't get shot.
Oh, I won and didn't get shot
but I was like
capturing the flag
and the guy
I'm thinking like
six feet from the flag
and I'm just like
acting like
I'm protecting the flag
but I'm like
oh my god
I hope that guy
doesn't see me.
I hope that guy
doesn't see me.
I just sat there.
No, it's like
however many times
each guy on the team
has been shot
they count up the amount
so total wins
and then all of a sudden
Hazy comes up
from behind the tree
with no hits.
They're like,
his team wins.
He hasn't been hit once.
No,
I caught him.
Oh,
that's good.
I remember you told me that too.
I was like,
do you have your phone on you?
Were you just checking the phone?
You're like,
no,
man,
I was just like,
checking space.
I just sat there.
What prevented you
from being the devil's mascot
when you played there
for Halloween?
Well, I just got the...
I can have footage.
I can probably send it to you guys
if you guys want to see the footage.
The devil mascot.
I've seen this, right?
Yeah, I was doing the dance moves.
He left his costume outside of the locker room one day,
so I decided to grab it and put it on
and give the boys a couple chuckles.
How did the head... Did it stink? Stink, yeah. They always stink. I put it on and give the boys a couple chuckles the head did it stink
stink they always stink i put one on stink it smelled but my dance moves are actually pretty
pretty killer you can boogie so i might be able to send this clip to granella you might be able to
get a little oh i love that seconds but but you said you were gonna wear it for halloween i was
gonna wear for halloween but then then I was literally having that mask on
For 35 seconds
Cancel that costume
Because there's no way you're going to wear it for fucking
A couple things
Mascots, they take you wearing their costume
Considering you haven't earned it
Very seriously
So we're going to have to get clearance
In order to use that
Because I wouldn't want to offend anyone from the mascot community
and why I say that
is because when I first
got to the coyotes in the media world
I crossed
that line with the guy
who's howler
and they take
a lot of pride in their work and I actually
I ended up apologizing
the guy because I didn't realize that, you know,
it was being taken that seriously.
And really, to all of them,
they take it to a different level,
and I respect that, and they respect their craft,
and I was in the wrong.
So 100.
I think they're a little...
No, but he's 100.
He's 100 right.
Like, I was doing it as a joke to make my teammates laugh.
I don't think I was insulting him because he didn't even know I had the fucking head.
So maybe this footage will be first to him, so I might be getting a fucking...
I would just be careful.
You can't cross the mascot line.
I agree because how about Gritty?
Gritty's going to be the best mascot in the game right now.
I don't know if we ever talked about this on the podcast.
When he ruined your shit.
Well, yeah, no.
When we went to the game there,
he sprayed me with that silly string
and ruined one of my jackets.
But I wasn't going to complain about that
because they treated us so well there in Philadelphia.
But there was a little bit of beef
between Gritty and Bailey, the LA Kings mascot.
Oh, I love it.
And that was because at the outdoor game,
Gritty ended up getting on the national coverage.
And I guess mascots weren't allowed to get that or something.
And there was some fire back on Twitter.
A little jealousy?
Yeah, there was a little bit.
I'm telling you, it's a very problematic area of arguments
between the
the full-blown lifetime i would i would probably i'd like to interview mascots
without information being made public about who said what and get that get the actual feelings
they're all rushing each other's wives i bet a lot of them are probably pissed when gritty come
along because gritty come along
because Gritty
came out of nowhere
and he stole
everyone's fucking thunder,
you know?
Gritty was like,
you know,
it was nothing
and Gritty come out
one day and put
all mascots to shame.
He was perfect for Philly.
He was like a scumbag mascot
who would do anything
but in a funny way
he always straddled
the line
but he never
quite stepped over it.
Correct.
And he was fucking
a viral sensation.
I mean, love him or hate him, man.
Gritty stole all his thunders.
So that's why I think they just got jealous of him.
Gritty's got his own 30 for 30 on ESPN.
Does he already?
Yeah, it was unbelievable.
Can he get me 30 for 40 for 30?
Is he working out and shit?
Or what's he doing?
What's he doing?
No, I'm just saying how they started this mascot.
They brought this fucking Gritty.
Are you joking right now?
Or do they actually have a 30 for 30?
There's a thing on ESPN about it.
Maybe not a 30 for 30.
Like the 30 for 30 shorts?
Whatever.
E-60.
And they thought the PR team thought they fucking threw a dud.
And then all of a sudden, this guy was a sensation.
Oh, okay.
So we got to tell the story from dinner.
Sorry to cut everybody off.
Wit, when your dad met Mr. Scuderi for the first time.
Oh, yeah.
I've told this on the podcast before, but I don't know how Scud's name came up at dinner.
Scud's really dry sense of humor, and his dad is a very similar funny guy.
And the first time my father met his father, actually came up to my dad dan he's like hey
are you ryan's son like so friendly and he's like yeah he's like great to meet your buddy shaking
his hand great to meet you pat on the back my dad's like what a great guy what a great guy
just come up and meet me and talk to me like that he's patting me on the back who does that to a
stranger but little dito even putting a fucking sticker on his
back that said like i'm an asshole kick kick this idiot or something like that and that's when my
dad knew like i really love this guy like he didn't i didn't even know when he's teeing me up
which led into more rob scuderi stories and and and you told it unbelievable at dinner when
i've told i've told this a couple, so I'm sure people have heard it,
but I'll retell it.
The year in Pittsburgh, we were really bad.
We were really, really bad.
It was Crosby and my own rookie year.
Edel took on fire.
Terian comes in.
Things aren't going well.
He's trying to change the culture, and we play Edmonton at home.
We lost 3-0.
I'll actually never forget it because at the time, I didn't know Sean Hff at all now he's a good friend of mine he had a hat trick we
lost three nothing sean horcoff hat trick so the coach comes in he rips us and then he went on
media and he ripped he ripped the entire team they're soft they're fucking blah blah so we're
going in we're going in to play columbus the next night and you know before the game you're given
you're given the riot rack You fucking guys better play
You play that shitty last night
We're on the road again
We got a goalie Danny Sabrin from the east coast
You better fucking play good in front of this guy
Enough's enough
So I'll fast forward the story
To we got pumped
Like 7-1
And we got into Chicago,
and we didn't play there for like two nights,
and Tarion's like so fuming at this point.
The 3-0 at home, the 7-1 in Columbus, and I'm paraphrasing numbers here,
but you're getting the gist, and he's like, nobody's going out tonight.
Nobody is going out tonight, and I'm like scared as shit.
I haven't been playing good.
I'm going up to bed.
Scud's is my roommate.
Scud's is going up to bed.
Well, Bugsy Malone got one punch
my mic-rup in the game in Columbus
and had 35 stitches,
three different cuts. Like one here,
one here, one here.
And he's so goddamn handsome anyways.
He goes, I'm going out. I don't give a
fuck.
I go, alright Bugsy, I respect the hell out of you so i go to bed so me and scott go up to bed
and we're both like we're in that mood where you're just like you're rattled but you're like
laughing at it do you know what i mean like like we things are going so bad right now it's like
very bad for my and yours career but like you you're you're laughing because you're like this
is a gong show it's comical but until you wake up and you're like shit i gotta go to the rink now that night
it's awful that's the worst but the night it's yeah so the uh scott van pelt this must have been
2006 7 i don't i don't know right around then so he wasn't as famous and as big time as he is now
but he was always funny.
So he's leading into like describing what's going on in the game. And he says,
um,
all right,
we,
we got the,
uh,
Pittsburgh Penguins in Columbus to face off against the blue jackets.
And let's show what happened last night.
Cause the Pittsburgh Penguins coach was not very happy with the effort.
You know,
they click over to Terry and his press conference where he's saying, soft, we got the softest D in the league,
and he's just going on and on.
You can YouTube it.
It's funny.
I've literally told this word for word,
so I apologize if people have heard it.
So, SVP says, all right, well, let's see how they do tonight.
Face off, back to the D, D to D, they dump it in.
Oh, my God, the puck turned on the middle. They score a goal
eight seconds into the game.
Scott Van Pelt yelling this.
They're down 1-0, eight seconds
into the game. So
me and Scud are watching this.
We're laughing
really hard.
Oh my God.
The way Van Pelt said it and
how it looked on video
Federoff snapped it back to a D
Who went DD who dumped it in
Danny Saverin went out, knocked the puck
He turned it over immediately right back to Nash
Who gave it over to Federoff
There wasn't a Pittsburgh Penguin within 8 feet of the net
And he fucking could have blown on the puck
To get it to cross the goal line
1-0 8 seconds in
Doesn't really matter
What does matter is that SportsCenter also back in the day,
they would go to commercial.
I don't know if they still do.
Forgive me.
They go to commercial with it.
Na-na-na, na-na-na.
So I'm going to tell you what they went to the commercial.
Na-na-na, na-na-na, with as a video clip.
In this same game, it was like at this point, I don't know,
five-nothing Columbus.
I'm carrying the puck up the ice in the power play
with number one power play.
Thank you.
I snap it to somebody.
I snap it to somebody who's
I probably snapped it to this guy approaching through the neutral zone,
and I was just in my defensive zone.
So he had a lot of skating room.
So I'm continuing to follow the play up.
Be the fourth man guy with. That's your job. Get into the play. Create offense from the back end. Do he had a lot of skating room. So I'm continuing to follow the play up. Be the fourth man guy with.
That's your job.
Get into the play.
Create offense from the back end.
Do your job.
I'm doing it.
I don't care if we're down 5-0.
Well, right as I kind of get into the zone on the right point,
the pucks turned over and quickly rimmed down.
So I have so much goddamn speed from skating up the ice and dishing it
and continuing to race into the play to
become that fourth man, that when I see the pucks cleared into the back end, I'm able
to just start piston crossovers.
McDavid-like.
I have nasty...
I got four feet of air in between me and the ice as I'm crossing over.
And I'm going, as Rob Scuderi said, and it all leads back to him,
as fast as he's ever seen me skate by our bench.
And Fleury's being the great guy he is.
And he's going out and stopping the puck because the power play is still beginning.
And I'm just going to wheel with this speed of a rocket I have around the net.
And I might go end to end.
Well, about five feet in front of the
Flurry holding the puck for me
Somebody from the stand
Some asshole in Columbus
They chucked a two by four onto the ice
And it happened to just land right where I was skating
So I went flying
And for people who don't understand what I mean
I toe picked the shit out of myself
I went flying into Flurry
Who had to try to jump over me But still couldn't jump high enough So I caught the shit out of myself. I went flying into Flurry, who had to try to jump over me,
but still couldn't jump high enough,
so I caught the very bottom of his pads,
which ironically enough,
then spin him into like a full twist.
It's orbit.
Exactly, because you get him at the area
that'll change his whole body up in direction,
and so wouldn't you know.
Da-na-na, na-na-na.
The clip is me sliding into Flurryury going 1,000 miles an hour.
And they just cut to like a Barbasol commercial.
And Rob Scuderi had...
Rob Scuderi is like a hard...
Oh, you got to work to make him laugh.
You get him to laugh, you said something funny.
He has tears coming down his eyes.
At first, the part about how they went up 1-0, but
second, when the da-na-na-na-na-na
ends with the wit dog flying into
the first overall pick franchise.
It was just one of the all-time moments.
All-time moments.
That could be told on this podcast
every single episode.
I'll never forget it.
It's unbelievable.
It's a good story.
I know we've had a long time with you.
Quickly, Stapes, we were chatting earlier.
I have a son.
You have two kids.
Jimmy's got a son, too.
Your kid's owning you.
Your kid's owning you right now.
Yeah.
My kids, yeah, they're terrible.
No, it's when I get my kids by myself, it's like, popsicles for breakfast?
I give them whatever I can so they just stay away from me for those two hours.
So all of your kids?
My daughter will have, like, fucking popsicle in her hair.
She's, like, fucking playing with it.
How old are your kids?
And my wife will text me, like, hey, how's it going back there?
I'm like, yeah, it's perfect.
Just how we planned.
It's Blakey's time.
They're four and two
Alright
Oh so I'll tell you this story
Not to be the story guy
But just because it involves children
And you three will appreciate this
You two
So I have a couple really good friends
Kenny Roach
Hazy knows him
Kenny Reggie the Rocket Roach
His oldest daughter
Her godfather Paige she's great.
They have another daughter, my other good friend, Maharis.
They have two girls the same age, and then there's Ryder.
So they're overhanging out.
These two couples, along with a couple other couples we're real close with with kids, they all come over.
That's what you do now.
You don't go out.
People come to your house, and the kids run around and drink.
So I have this thing, and I think fathers will understand where I come from,
where I'll be walking around the house, and if I see Ryder, I'll say,
Ryder, and he'll look at me, and I'll go, and then he knows I'm coming for him.
So he just starts sprinting.
And it's like the funnest thing because I do the high step and make it heavy,
and I get up to him, and I flip him upside down.
I'm tickling him, and he's just going nuts.
And it's actually the coolest thing.
Like, I love doing it.
He gets excited, and he knows I'm chasing him.
Well, why is Witt telling this part of the story?
Because that night, all the little kids, two four-year-olds, one two-year-old, two two-year-olds,
it was a gong show.
They're all playing in the basement, and got I said I gotta go Check on all those
Kids down there
So I get to the top
Of the stairs
And Ryder's at the
Bottom of the stairs
Randomly
And he sees me
So I
And he's like
So I bomb down the stairs
A hundred miles an hour
Fast enough
Where all the kids
Are like
Why is this
Big human adult
Running down the stairs
And Ryder runs into
The room where the
Girls are playing
And I just get on top
Of him and flip him over
And I'm tickling his armpits and I won't let him move.
I'm holding his arms down and he's dying laughing.
It's just a great moment.
Well, what I didn't realize was happening at the time
was that Paige, my goddaughter, and Fallon,
my other buddy's daughter, they're looking at it like,
what's going on here?
It looks fun because Ryder's going nuts.
What's going on?
This is weird.
Fast forward, fast forward fast forward about two hours later um i see fallon's mom deanna very good friend of mine and she's over in the corner with fallon she's over in the corner talking to fallon like
this you know they're just sitting talking and all of a sudden i'm d d D says, what? What? What did you just say?
Say that again.
Say that again.
And I'm like, what's she talking about?
I was like, what is going on here?
Like, why would you make that big of a deal?
So a little found.
I want Ryder's daddy to tickle me in the basement.
I go, whoa.
I go, her dad, Billy's like, what the hell's going on down there he's like no no no hold on hold on
hold on i tickled my son down there she saw it i think it looked fun i think it looked fun it was
in the basement oh my god pedophile fucking witch jesus christ yeah j JR gets suspended And the host is a pedophile
Tough chicklets group
Right now
They are going
Tough week
Oh my god
You guys are hiring for two guys
We got two guys right here
Jimmy
Have you ever seen movies
About gladiators
We're gonna have to get
Jimmy a
Britney Spears headpiece
To keep that
Fucking mic
In front of your mouth
You should sing
One more time for us
Yeah give us
Give us that
That was Come on I feel like I had that to keep that fucking mic in front of your mouth. You should sing one more time for us. Yeah, give us that.
No, give it to him. Come on!
I feel like I had that.
I'm an American soldier.
I'm an American soldier.
Not bad.
The end was the best. His baritone. I lost it. Not bad. No, like the bass change.
The end was the best.
Is baritone?
Yeah, I lost a little bit.
Yeah, it's a certain type.
I thought you were singing the Ford top song. Wait, time out.
I got a question.
I got a question.
Do you think you have better than what you just gave us?
Do you think that maybe the voice wasn't warmed up?
Can you give me?
I don't know.
If I had this music, it helps.
Yeah, it definitely helps.
American soldier.
I'm an American soldier.
Sounds like close and comfortable.
Fuck, that's pretty good, boys.
I think, like,
I've had a long day.
I would, like, sign you
if I had a record label.
Well, we could.
At least, like,
you could get him
as a content and a singer.
Should we do it, like,
one more time?
Wait, hey, listen.
Listen, there could be
a little bit of...
You might want to sing
karaoke.
Like, one more time?
There could be
a jealousy issue here
because R.A.
is our karaoke.
And I saw the film there, and that was... Whoa.
I wanted to unwatch it.
Oh, okay.
Wow.
I mean, we're in Dallas.
We could go to a bar on New Year's Eve, and we could settle this in front of lots of people.
Or we could do it at the live show.
I need the lyrics. It's karaoke. It wasn't my fault they unplugged me halfway through. Or we could do it at the live show.
It wasn't my fault.
They unplugged me halfway through.
It might have been a lot of your fault.
There's no way I'm singing.
We will get to you what we decide and how to handle all these issues.
But we're going to shut her down for now.
This has gone on long enough.
Once again, to just quickly recap, these guys came in, sandbagged the shit out of us. Team Boykies.
Matching hats.
We took our first off this.
We were able to have Crosby and McKinnon as our first.
And, yeah, we thought McDavid and Dreitzel as our second.
But, no, we got Hayes and Stapleton.
And they drummed us.
So, congrats, guys.
And thanks for coming.
I'm going to take you down.
All I ask.
And if you're going to take me down, it's this week, son. Whoa. Okay, that's and thanks for coming. I'm going to take you down. All I ask... Whoa.
Okay, that's a challenge.
If I ever burn one.
All I ask is next time we do a sandbagger, can it be a discussion
on what the handicaps are going to be?
Yes. I didn't give you enough shots.
I understand.
No, and you tried to take them back.
I understand. Biz needs to get a shot of all.
That's what it is.
That's for another podcast another day.
Thank you very much.
Thanks, everybody.
Oh, and as always, huge thanks to our boys, Stapes and Hazy.
Those guys, oh, man, fucking pair of jokers,
fucking absolutely hysterical when you get them together,
especially Stapleton.
I did finally catch the Sandbagger video.
He is an absolute riot.
Like, every time he's on camera,
he's cracking you up one way or the other. So big, thanks to those guys.
He has such a good motor.
Like our fan base loves this,
like how he tells us gets excited and his voice, his voice elevates when he's, when he's telling the pun.
It's an elite level storyteller. I like when he's like, high five me first.
You don't even know that guy.
That's great.
Oh, man.
Well, Thursday night, Minnesota's Jason Zucker had his very first scrap
in 454 career games with Vancouver's Jake Vertnan
after Zucker nailed Antoine Roussel.
I know you get credit for showing up,
but it might be another 454 games before he drops the gloves again.
I mean, he showed up,
but he definitely got the wrong end of that one, eh, Biz?
Yeah, I mean, we were talking about that for Tannen
and how he's kind of developed such a well-rounded game.
Jesus Christ, I didn't know he had that in his bag.
I don't know how, I would imagine, obviously,
Zucker's not the toughest guy considering he's never fought.
I don't know what, maybe he's doing boxing classes and shit in the offseason.
But, yeah, that was probably the wrong customer to to to go with yeah it was a
good hit too i don't know if he got a penalty for it but he lit up um rusell and and then you know
good good for him he squares off of vertan and you gotta think your first nhl fight and you see a sleeve tattoo coming out of her tan's right right hand oh
you're fucked I mean I'm a non-tattoo guy if I am squaring off for the first time with somebody and
see a complete sleeve of tattoos I know I'm getting my head punched in so no worries there
Zucker you're a goal scorer hey Zucker what Zucker Like, I'm... Oh, fuck yeah, he did.
Yeah, he's chocolate. But I think he probably saw the sleeve,
and he's like, shit. Yeah.
Tattoo people are, for the most
part, pretty tough. You don't think you could take
Bugsy? Bugsy would
pump my eyes shut. Legit.
Bugsy's tough as shit, and now he does all that
MMA. MMA
Muay Thai. Like, he'll choke you out. He'll snap
your arm in half. Summer salts.
I should say hockey players with tattoos are tough
because you can see some real pussies with tattoos out in the real world.
Yeah.
Do you think you'll ever get one, Whit?
No chance.
I do not have a tattoo body.
Okay.
Well, I mean, I don't either, but I got tattoos.
Imagine we meet Whit for one of these car washes,
and he's got a neck tat all of a sudden.
What would you get if you had to get a tattoo?
Something with the sun, right?
Rider's birthday or something?
Yeah, Rider's birthday, something like that.
Maybe his name.
Maybe I'd do a wedding ring around my finger,
because I've lost 11 wedding rings,
and they're all 350.
No, 250.
Wait, don't you get the rubber ones?
No, those are terrible.
I can't stand those.
People love them.
I don't know.
I just didn't like them.
I tried them.
Sounds like you need to maybe cut the costs.
Well, I can't.
Yeah, listen.
I don't even want to talk about the money I waste on things I lose
because I'm going to start getting pissed off and rattled
and realize that I'm basically.
Just give us one more example of something that you lose
that you've wasted money on, like a high-end product.
That's since January 1st of 2017,
so all of 17, 18, 19
and a month into 20,
I've bought 91
pairs of sunglasses.
Not kidding. I have receipts to prove it.
And they're the same ones every time.
Ray-Ban polarized.
How much?
250 around?
What's 91 times 250?
This is going to make me fucking
puke right now.
22,750
bucks.
That was quicker than I did it on my calculator.
That's impressive math guy.
Thank you.
Holy shit.
Yeah, that was impressive.
If you're looking at 20 grand on sunglasses, that was impressive. So if you're looking at 20,000 on sunglasses,
you got to think maybe you start trying to pay attention
to where you're putting them.
Or start buying gas station sunglasses.
Yeah, there's the move right there.
If it's fucking 10, you're going to lose them, you know.
You guys make such valid points.
I think, honestly, the less you spend on them,
the more like the longer you ought to have them.
That seems the case. I'm very good at not you spend on them, the more like the long you ought to have them. That seems like a case.
I'm very good at not losing my
things, knock on wood. So anyway, we can move on.
That's crazy that you spent that much fucking money.
Oh, one pair got stolen.
One pair got stolen.
R.A. is wearing them.
Yes, they were stolen
of course. Let's move along to the next game.
Actually, that Minnesota Vancouver for non-division rivals,
that was a really chippy game, and there was another scrap there, too.
Max Foligno and Zach McEwen went.
Check that out if you missed it.
It was a nice little scrap, so give it a whirl if you missed it.
We got congrats to our buddy Marc-Andre Fleury.
He passed Hank Lundquist on the all-time wins list for goalies.
He's now fifth all-time with 460.
Only Marty, Patrick, Roberto, and Eddie the Eagle are ahead of him.
So, a big congrats to Mark Andre.
He's definitely destined for the Hall of Fame.
The flower.
And congrats also to Kiefer Bellows.
He got not only his first, but his second NHL goal in his second NHL game.
That second one was an unreal shot.
He was basically on the goal line and fucking snipe it from there.
So congrats to Kiefer on hers for his first couple of goals.
Uh,
what else we've got here?
Uh,
we had a story a few weeks back,
uh,
Bakersfield condor branding Manning.
He was suspended five games for directing a racial slur,
uh,
at Ontario rain forward,
Boco.
I mama.
Well,
Friday night,
I mama exerted some measure of revenge
when he handily defeated Manning in a scrap.
Biz, I'm sure you caught this one.
What was your take on it?
I'll take it over.
It was the shit-kicking that Boco put on Brandon Manning
after their first game against each other since the racial slur incident
in which Manning got a five-game sussy.
And listen, right away, you know you're fighting.
They square off.
Manning, you know, he answered the bell.
He had to.
And Boco put some anger on him.
So it was a one-sided fight, but it was pretty cool.
They squared off and kind of circled around center ice,
so you knew they were getting ready to chuck bombs.
And that kid's enormous.
How big is he?
He looked like he was six in that video
yeah i i don't i don't really want to like get into it too much but there was some there was a
lot of hate in those punches well anyways that should put a bow on that story for a little while
anyways uh hey boys there's been a lot of banged up teams and gms looking for help well if you're
looking to start your squad with qualified candidates you definitely want to check out
zip recruiter quotable co-founder gretchen Hedmer experienced how challenging hiring can be after unsuccessfully
searching for a new game artist to grow with her education tech company. But then she switched to
ZipRecruiter and saw an immediate difference. And you can too by signing up for free at
ZipRecruiter.com slash checkouts. ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you,
it finds them for you.
And by using ZipRecruiter's screening questions
to fill the candidates,
Gretchen found it easier to focus on the best ones
than find the right one.
In fact, after posting her job on ZipRecruiter,
Gretchen said she was honestly surprised
she found qualified applicants so quickly
and hired a new game analyst in less than two weeks.
With results like that,
it's no wonder four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate
within the first day. Might be a better percentage than Noah Chari's shooting.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire. See why ZipRecruiter is effective for businesses of all
sizes. Try ZipRecruiter for free at our web address, ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets,
and that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And of course, boys, I did mention injuries,
and we got a handful just to get to, like to keep people abreast of these.
The Canadians who are also clawing their way back into the playoff race,
they snagged a huge win, like I mentioned, over Toronto
to get within six of the wild card.
They just had their degree of difficulty raised on them
as they lost Shea Weber with a lower body injury,
suffered against the Devils on Tuesday.
He was placed on the I.I., so he'll miss at least a week,
but knowing how tough he is, that might be all he misses.
Flames defenseman Mark Giordano, quote, dodged a big bullet,
but he still has to go on I.I.
He will be monitored on a week-to-week basis.
It is not as bad as feared.
No surgery will be required.
GM Brad Tree Living said, it's good news from where we were.
They thought it was going to be a lot worse.
Fortunately, it's not.
Vancouver lost Brock Besser Saturday night with an upper body injury
and said he'll be out for, quote, bit per Travis green and black Hawks defenseman,
Brent Seabrook had his third surgery since December when he had a successful
right hip surgery.
He's going to be out five to six months and is expected to be ready for
training camp in his absence.
The Hawks have gone 12,
six and two,
and he carries a 6.875 cap hit for the next four years after the season,
as well as a full no-move clause.
And we have another note as well.
The Canadiens announced that longtime employee Andre Lemoine has passed away.
He's been greeting the media since 1964, and he died at 79 years old.
I didn't have the pleasure of working with the man,
but everyone online had wonderful things to say about him.
He's one of these folks who helps the league run,
but doesn't necessarily get his shine.
And as a guy, Bidger, another guy who hits the occasional press box,
these are the men and women who are essential to media dummies like us.
They kind of help the wheels rolling.
So we want to send our condolences to his family, friends,
and the Montreal Canadiens family at large.
So hopefully everybody's doing well.
And we're going to be shifting gears for a little bit.
I know Sunday night the Oscars are on. I're going to be shifting gears for a little bit. I know Sunday night,
the Oscars are on.
I'm going to be sweating up a storm.
Fortunately,
I'm going to have my dude wipes handy as dudes,
especially as hockey dudes.
Let's face it.
We are some snaky,
disgusting humans.
So check out the dude brand for all your hygiene needs on and off the ice.
Dude,
as seen on shock tank,
are the creators of the infamous dude wipes.
The first flushable wipes for guys at home or on the go situations.
They offer a full range of other products to keep you fresh from head to toe.
Dude Ball Powder, Dude Shower, Dude Deodorant Spray for your body
or nasty hockey bag, and brand new Dude Underwear Performance Boxer Briefs.
Whether you're playing professionally in a men's league
or you hung up the skates ages ago and you're working that night for five,
Dude has something to offer all dudes for their daily hygiene routine.
You can find Dude in major U.S. retailers nationwide,
such as Walmart, Progro, Amazon.com.
Our Canadian friends can find Dude on Amazon.ca and in sports check stores,
or everyone can just head to DudeProducts.com
for a special checkouts offer
and use the promo code Hockey20 for 20 off your entire order.
Like I said, boys, I'm going to be sweating out my Oscar picks tonight.
I got a few bucks on the line.
I'm going to see what happens.
I'm on Team Parasite.
Whit, I know you've been seeing some movies lately.
What was the last one you caught, you said?
Yeah, what was the last movie I went to?
Oh, the other night I watched Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood, Mr. Rogers
Tom Hanks. Good flick.
Mr. Rogers is a saint. What a
guy he was. Holy shit.
Makes you want to be a better person. In the theaters,
I can't remember
R.A. Ford vs. Ferrari. Ford vs.
Ferrari, I think. I'm
definitely forgetting one, but I haven't seen Parasite
yet, and I haven't seen 1917.
It sucks, because when you're in Florida, I'm not
going to the movies down here, dude.
It's too nice to go to the movies here.
I have been kind of
slacking, but I'll be watching tonight, and I'll just
be just furious when these stupid
presenters and actors come on and go on
their dumb political rants. Just shut
up. Take your award or give the award
out. Drives me nuts, But I still love seeing the Oscars
and hopefully some of the speeches are
pretty solid. Somebody said Brad
Pitt's a guaranteed win for best supporting
actor. All right. You agree with that?
He's pretty close to a slam dunk.
And his speech is going to be great, I guess.
I mean, the only
chance I think is if Joe
Pesci is this. I guess Joe Pesci's the
sleeper here because he's older.
He might be a bit of a sentimental fave.
He kind of had an understated performance.
Not your typical Joe Pesci.
Haven't said that.
I'd be shocked if Brad Pitt loses.
Okay.
And yeah,
I did actually,
it wasn't my call,
but Jeff B.
Lowe,
who covers the movies with light lights,
camera boss,
Jeff D.
Lowe,
Jeff,
what I say,
Jeff B.
Lowe,
Jeff B.
Lowe.
Oh,
Jeff.
Whoa.
That's a short oh
shit anyway jeff d low he had a his um oscars odds blog and i had some contributions to that as well
uh basically the acting categories they're all basically almost predetermined it's like i mean
for example joaquin phoenix he's 5 000 minus 5 000 basically you got to put up 5,000 to make 100 on Joaquin. And here's
how big a favorite he is. Leo is plus
5,000. So if you put 100 on Leo, you
get back 5,000. And everybody
loves Leo. So that's just further indicative of
how much of a favorite that Joaquin is.
I thought he was great. I wasn't a big
fan of Joker myself. I didn't think it was that great
of a movie. So I'd like to see
an upset on the acting
categories. I don't think we're going to. Like I said, I'm on Parasite. I've been convincing everybody to watch this movie. So I'd like to see an upset on the acting categories. I don't think we're going to.
Like I said, I'm on Parasite. I've
been convincing everybody to watch this movie
and the feedback I've been getting online
has been very nice. It's been positive.
People who typically don't watch subtitle movies
are watching it and they're coming back and telling me they really
liked it. So if you haven't seen it,
by all means, check it out. Don't watch any
previews first. Don't read about it. Just go see
it. Is that you saying that if they win win best picture you're a little responsible for it um no but i'm definitely
gonna cat i'm definitely gonna make some cash if it happens though um so i've never watched these
award shows you're telling me these people will go up and legit start talking about politics for
three minutes some people dude come on i swear to god it's
happened no ra yeah i mean yeah back back and uh when marlon brando won for the godfather back what
was the 73 oscars he didn't accept his oscar he sent up a an indian or a native american uh to
refuse the oscar on his behalf um to make like a political statement about the united states
treatment of indians over the years.
Okay. All right. Well, I mean, that's not a
bad one. That makes my
sound a little bad.
No, I'm saying like, whatever.
That's like, that was for a good cause.
I'm saying if right now in the way politics
are, if you're up there ranting and raving,
it's foolish.
Yeah, climate change and then you're hopping on the jet
shit. Yeah.
I would say, I mean uh joaquin did just win the bafta uh which is basically the british oscars he won for
best actor there and he did give a speech uh regarding like white supremacy in the industry
and stuff like that so if he wins tonight uh don't be surprised if he goes there with an
american audience but yeah there's typically uh there's typically yeah, this typically someone, because they
filled out this is my opportunity in front of a billion people.
If I want to get the statement out,
there's no better time than this.
Any other notes, gang, before we
sign off for the week or what?
No, I'll be back
home when we record Wednesday.
Flying back.
Alan Walsh went on Twitter yesterday.
We're going to get him on the podcast,
and I'd like to try to get him on soon about the Olympic situation.
I know we've mentioned it briefly, but we'll save that for next episode.
But there's a lot of moving parts here,
and I want people to actually think this thing through
because I think, like, Bettman gets shit on for everything.
But I think in this case,
I don't know what the the olympics are profiting
from hockey there's a lot of numbers that you need to know in order for him to like want to
agree to a deal where nhl's players are going over there and and and ioc's making a ton of profit so
we're going to try to break that down with him and get every angle of it as he's uh i would say
one of the more well-known outspoken hockey agents correct
oh definitely works with octagon and listen he's a polarizing person because he is opinionated i
mean i'm the same type of person i'm sure a lot of people hate my guts but it's it's nice to get
different perspectives and different angles from people who who have a personality and who are
willing to to give you what their their side is. So I hope you guys look forward to that, and we love you.
Actually, you know what?
I got a little gambling corn I'm going to chuck out.
I was debating whether I liked anything, and a couple things did jump out at me.
Tuesday night, I'm going to be throwing on.
I want to let you folks know.
First off, Tampa Bay is in Pittsburgh, which means they should be a pretty good price.
We're going to jump on the Tampa Bay Lightning, one of the hottest teams in the league.
Hopefully, they won't be too high of a price, but we're going to jump on them.
Actually, regulation only.
Instead of laying like the 160 or 180, we'll do regulation only,
which is probably minus a half, usually like minus 110.
And also, the Golden Knights are in Minnesota.
And if Marc-Andre Fleury gets the start, we're going to pound the Golden Knights
because they got six ball hung up on them at home Saturday night.
So we're looking at the Golden Knights on Tuesday night.
Again, if Marc-Andre Fleury gets the start.
So that's it for the gambling corner.
I think that's it for the show.
Everybody have a wonderful week.
We love you.
Thank you so much.
And we'll see you on Thursday.
Have a great week all.
As always,
we'd like to say thanks to our awesome sponsors and hopefully you fantastic listeners are taking advantage of the wonderful deals they do offer. So thanks to
our new sponsor, MeUndies. It's a pleasure working with you. Thanks also to DoorDash. A big thanks
to ZipRecruiter. We've been working with you for a long time. Much appreciated. And a big thanks to
DudeWipes. You guys have been helping us out literally and figuratively. Take care, everybody.
Have a great week.
American Soldier
I'm an American
An American
An American soldier Thank you.
