Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 245 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends over at New Amsterdam, here I'm on the Boston Sports Podcast family.
Boys and girls, we got a few things to talk about tonight.
Lots of stuff has happened since our last episode on Off the Ice, in the aisles, all over the place.
Me and Grinnelli, we just got off planes from Colorado. We'll be getting to that shortly.
G, how was your flight home, buddy?
Flight home was great.
Had a great time with you in Colorado this weekend.
Like you said, we'll obviously get into the whole stadium series,
but I'm looking forward to spending 10 days on the road with you guys next week.
But this week, we just got some good podcasts to drop.
Yeah, absolutely.
What's going on, buddy?
You're back home, it looks like.
Back home.
Thank you very much, everyone. What dog, what's going on, buddy? You're back home. It looks like back home. Thank you very much.
Everyone, everyone.
So many people reached out to try to help the wit dogs here.
I'm talking third person this early.
I know you guys were, it was everyone who's been through what I went through in the battle
and the suffering and basically feeling sorry for yourself.
Reached out, gave me different tips, gave me different tricks, gave me millions of things
to try.
Well, let me tell you something.
They say that a sneeze is one-tenth of an orgasm. When my ear popped, it was about 7,000 sneezes at
once. It was the greatest feeling of all time. I'm back. I'm feeling good. A little stuffed up
still, but the hearing's there, the balance is there, and I'm feeling it tonight because we got
plenty of stuff to talk about. So thank you to all. And I'm glad to be here.
We're all glad to be here. And last but not least, of course,
the guy everybody wants to talk to Paul biz, nasty,
business leading the media who are up in Canada, by the way, that article was absolutely incredible as a, as a journalism major,
that was such a well-crafted read the way he put it together.
I felt I knew more about you from that article than I have working with you
for the last couple of years. But just the way he kicked off my first formal interview, and within a minute,
I lose him. And I started dying laughing right away when I was reading it because it's so spot
on. Great article. Obviously, some fucking dummy out there, as Sean Avery said, dumb Dan. Dan
Costello decides to be a moron and kick a sleeping dog. We've all been letting this thing lie.
Dan Costello decides to be a moron and kick a sleeping dog.
We've all been letting this thing lie.
Paul responded in kind on the internet.
Hello, biz.
I'm sure you want to say your piece, whether it's a lot, a little, whatever.
We want to turn it over to you.
Yeah, I was a little bit more curious about what things Witt tried to do in order to get his ear to pop.
Did you try the hot water on your head for 10 minutes in the shower?
I saw some dude said, I didn't know if people were messing with me either.
I was like, this would be the best time to just be like, yeah, wait,
jump on your head, pull your left ear over your chin,
and then say a couple of hallelujahs or Hail Marys.
But I ended up really being helped by throwing a paper towel in a cup
and then wetting the the paper towel like a little
putting a little bit of water in and then putting it over my ear i don't know what it is about that
warm water it was boiling water also was boiling and then that really helped along with a lot of
people said dude plug your nose and then like breathe out i was like thanks tips like who
doesn't try that that's first option like come, dude. I tied my shoes this morning, too.
And then the other one that really helped was nose spray.
I ended up getting some of that Flonase,
firing that stuff up the old nostrils too bad.
Bing, bing, bing, bing.
And then that really helped clear out all the issues up front.
So things are on the up and up.
So was it a slow process to it popping
yeah dude it was slow it was a grind i told you guys wednesday night and i think it was saturday
morning maybe friday evening i think a lot of people were impressed by you battling through
that and bringing the noise and as you've been reading online people think you're on the biggest
heater uh they think you should just move to florida full time because you were buzzing down
there i know but i'm gonna make a really really good attempt to continue to buzzing when i'm up north and it's
not golf season now having said that i got a flight wednesday morning i'm playing in a tournament in
tampa so i'm right back down south oh really friday yeah you got to make the cut to play
saturday so gasparilla i'm coming for you oh yeah i was there during the all-star game a couple years
ago when it was in tampa that's a shit show got a lot of sloppy people so the tournament's called Gasparilla, I'm coming for you. Oh, yeah. I was there during the All-Star game a couple years ago
when it was in Tampa.
That's a shit show.
Got a lot of sloppy people on the streets.
So the tournament's called the Gasparilla Invitational or something,
but it's not actually that Gasparilla weekend right now.
That's like a pirate festival down in Tampa they have every year
during the All-Star break.
I thought maybe it changed dates sometimes.
But I guess we'll hop into the drama and, you know, not something
I wouldn't say it's my proudest moment.
I was very reactive about it, and I wish
I don't want to say I wish I didn't do it because I think eventually
it was going to happen because he kept poking the bear.
Let's start off with the article.
I want to thank Jamie Ross for reaching out to my business manager,
Jeff Jacobson.
I get a lot of requests to do media manager Jeff Jacobson um I get I get a
lot of requests to do media just because I just I I have a hard time saying no um part of that
reason is just because like you know maybe my following will be introduced to another media
member that they didn't know about that they really enjoy so I try to you know the term snap
it around like on the ice we like to snap the puck around I know that term well I was just
asking maybe G didn't maybe fucking all right anyway i like to snap the puck around so i gave
it a little thought and i said sure because i didn't i didn't know what this guy's intentions
were coming down here i know that i don't know what the what the golden male is maybe they're
more a little bit liberal than conservative and whatever he came down here we we ended up having
a great time i he was basically my friend for three
days if you read the article you know he went and had dinner and you know following it um you know
i was i was getting a lot of negativity from from some fucking nut jobs online just basically calling
me a misogynist and a scumbag because i work for a podcast that's hosted by barstool um you know a
guy that i've had many conversations with dan carcillo since he initial
initially fired at us um you know i think it was regarding the concussion issue because we
were posting videos of hits and fights and you know he's trying to advocate for change
regarding the cte and the brain injuries that the nhl is producing so he felt the need to kind of
jab at me again and this is after multiple conversations of me trying to back him off and say, listen,
bro, I've said multiple times on the podcast, I am so down with what you're advocating for.
And I respect the fact that you're knowledgeable and you're trying to pass on that knowledge
to people that do want change as well.
And even I'm interested because I've suffered it, right?
that do want change as well. And even I'm interested because I've suffered it, right?
Where I think his message gets lost is where he kind of becomes a rebel without a cause is when he feels a need in order to attack people, specifically ones that, you know, have maybe
done some bad things, some more so than others with his history, where I'm a firm believer is like, yo, like you've done shit way
worse. You should probably just sit this one out. And throughout those conversations, one of one
long one through text. And finally I ended up popping on the phone with him probably about
what month and a half, two months ago, just because it got into boiling point and he fired
at us one more time. And I'm like, yo, I think we need to talk. I need to understand where you're coming from because
things can get lost in translation on Twitter. It's very short form. That's why I love podcast
form because you're able to elaborate on your thoughts. So I actually learned a lot about,
you know, what was triggering them and why we was upset. And I can really sympathize for Dan Carcillo and the trauma and the mental
health issues that he suffers from because his best friend ended up committing suicide
because he'd sustained a lot of concussions and went through a lot of depression,
some alcoholism. He'd been to rehab. And then Dan went through a very difficult time as well.
And Matador was actually the guy who helped him in that time of
need. So that bond was very strong. And I actually talked about it on the Cam Jansen and Andy
Strickland podcast as well. So maybe I'm I articulated it better on that one. So if you
want to go over there and give that a listen. But I really sympathize for for the fact that
he's not only been through that been through his own, but also there was probably lot of guilt on based on his past and what he's done and that was probably
weighing very heavily on him so it kind of just all came to fruition and he's on this new path
and and good for him and he's changed it all around he obviously has said some pretty gnarly
shit towards me and done some gnarly shit some of which hasn't even come out like there's more stuff he was a very um there was a lot of evil there and it was deep-rooted but me seeing it
and living with him you could tell there was a kind person in there and and and that's why and
and when i was up and down remember i wasn't as big of a prospect as dan carcillo so when i was
coming up and down from the east coast and i was getting in the locker room it was weird because he was a rookie
and he'd kind of taken over the locker room would you agree that he was such a polarizing guy that
he was like chirping vets and shit in his room would you agree with that yeah that year i i was
there for seven games and he was came right in he was also tough he was good and he was very loud
so he was somebody that like
there was no chance you were going to be able to kind of like treat him like a rookie in quotations
you know what i'm saying biz yeah and he didn't act like a rookie did no and and and when some
of these things were being said in the locker room i think everybody was in maybe in shock at first
um kind of looking around like you could tell some guys would just shake their head and be like
and times have definitely changed if that was being said in the locker room now and people talk at first, kind of looking around. Like, you could tell some guys would just shake their head and be like, ugh.
And times have definitely changed.
If that was being said in the locker room now, and people were probably like,
oh, why didn't anyone tell the coach?
Well, dude, I was okay being the butt of the joke because I just wanted to fit
in, man.
I was insecure.
I didn't even know who the fuck I was back then.
You know, you're still  I mean, think about who you were as a 20-year-old
for all you 35, 40, 50-year-olds listening.
You changed so much.
We're seeing it from Dan.
He's done a complete 180.
It was hard for me taking those jabs from a guy who was trying to drag me and the podcast down through the mud
and feeding his audience who really don't take anything for context. They're very,
very hypocritical. Even with what I said on Twitter, they're still kind of like,
well, yeah, but you're a misogynist. It's like, dude, I just told you he fucking had a swastika
embroidered on a robe that he wore in the locker room. And you're still harping on me about the
fact that I come on and tell kill stories. Comedians do it all the time. So I guess it
might be because of the affiliation Barstool.'s definitely the barstool thing it's the barstool hate barstool and they
just tag it if we had nothing to do with it they probably wouldn't even fucking bother with they
don't come on and even listen for context and they go on twitter because they feed off of their small
following that are completely in line with all their views that's exactly what's happening there's
no room for debate i asked the guy right afterward, I said, let's go.
When the article came out, he's like, who?
And mind you, the title of the article,
it was that I'm hockey's most influential person.
I don't agree with that article.
Dude, you can't even get me tickets for Jets games.
I can't even.
Exactly.
Guys, I don't think that of myself.
There's plenty of other people who deserve that title
who have been around a lot longer than I have,
who are far more polished, put way more work on.
I'm the fucking goofball that joined the podcast.
We let it fly.
We smoked some dope, which I'm going to light a big one up
after this little rant here.
And we have fun, right?
And I guess as being associated to Barstool,
we're going to get dragged through the mud.
Going back to Carcillo, the only thing that I'm upset with, and once again,
I'm happy for him that he's doing all this stuff and advocating for change. It's the hypocrisy that
boils my blood. And him saying that the article was released as a PR stunt to take focus away
from the JR stuff. No, I don't need to do my own PR.
If I have something to say, I'm going to go online and say it.
And anyone and everyone who tries to call me out on there thinks I'm sensitive by going
back at them.
No, I'm just toe tagging you.
Let's go.
If you want to challenge any of my thinking, I will go on any one of your platforms.
I'll even let you fuckers monetize it because I know I moved the fucking needle.
I'll even give you a fucking biz 20 promo code. I'll make you, I'll make you more in one fucking
interview. Then you'll make the rest of your fucking year. Now that, that, I mean, I get that
that's a little bit arrogant, but sometimes I get cooking a little bit, right? So just moving back
to Carcillo, I don't want any of this to take away from what he's actually trying to accomplish.
I hope that he changes and stops trying to drag guys names through the mud.
JR being one of them. I, I, as I said on the podcast, I wouldn't have said what JR said.
I think he made a mistake. I think he's hot and bothered by the way NBC handled it for variables
that some of you will never comprehend and never know because they're from behind the scenes.
And maybe I'm just going to throw this out there. Maybe him and his boss don't get along. Maybe
there's some cheaper options with guys coming up who are maybe a little bit more
impactful with the younger wave of hockey fan coming up.
And maybe they are a little bit more liberal.
And that's where it's all going, right?
I think, can we agree on there's a lot of variables involved with the JR situation?
They completely blindsided him and Catherine Tappan.
And JR may come on the podcast and tell you that.
Catherine Tappan was told to shut her mouth and not say a word.
So to tell me that I know what Catherine Tappan's feeling or what, I don't know.
All I know that is I'm very apologetic that she had to get dragged into all this.
I hope it doesn't take away from the fact that we're very supportive of women in media
and women in general.
And the fact that we talk about sex on our podcast should have no bearing on the fact that we're misogynist or blah, blah, blah. Anyway,
Robert Leonard reached out to me and he really kind of backed me off and said, hey, listen,
like this guy, like me have been through a lot of traumatic experiences. Sometimes we're very
reactive. And you know, and we go off in these waves.
And I'm very thankful to him for reaching out because I always loved hearing
the other perspective.
And if there's anybody who's lived through the rollercoaster ride,
and I mean, I guess we can call them the fucking Dark Knight Rises
because this guy has been to hell and back.
And I think we're all very, you know,
we can get a little emotional about his story in general.
So that allowed me to be even more empathetic towards Carcillo.
And I beg that our following who sometimes get a little bit nasty online in defense of what we're doing and trying to have fun.
I just, if you guys could just back off a little bit and even further than that, maybe reach out to Carcillo on Twitter,
even though you're not in agreement with the shit that he's done in the past or even how he's handling his business now. And just show a little
respect. Okay. And maybe a little bit more empathy. I'm not asking you to forgive him for the past
things. I will, because I think I know him enough to know that he was just in a bad place. So I
would just like to move on from this. I'm going to try my best to stop reacting to,
to people who are just throwing out these,
these trigger words at me.
As I said,
I'll do my best,
but do you,
did you guys take any,
anything else away from it?
I know I've rambled on quite a bit,
but I'm trying to cover all these different bases.
I just want to jump in and Grinnell.
He texted me just for the very few listeners we have who aren't on
Twitter,
just to reiterate,
who might,
might not have ascertained what you said.
Basically, you know, Cossillo accused you of being in the article for PR.
Then you replied and told the listeners or the Twitter people that he used to call you the N-word in the locker room.
So that didn't get mentioned at first.
When it was not on Twitter, basically, Paul did finally.
You've been sitting on it for a while and fucking like i said kocillo kicked the sleeping dog and then you say hey this guy used
to call me a fucking n-bomb back i'll just i think five times has been roughly the amount of times
he's attacked me this one this one was more this was a jab to me yeah yeah you told me at dinner
you said at some point i'm gonna snap if he says something else
and i knew then i think we were in philly i was like at some point i know a hundred percent this
is coming the thing is that what you said all about about dan i i i agree with that i i hope
he is doing better um and i really am like you look to someone who was a bad person he's admitted
it uh did some brutal things on and off the ice.
But it is good. If he's trying to be better and he's trying to improve himself, that's kind of
all you can ask someone at this point. The issue is the hypocrisy. That's exactly why I'm glad you
said it. Because when you've done things that are despicable and done things that you should
be ashamed of, I respect if you realize how much of a fool you were.
And if you do want to get better, do it on your own.
You don't, you don't, what, what the hell does it do?
Bringing down other people?
Well, you're trying to improve as a person.
There's no room for that.
And I know he has thoughts on the game.
Well, that, that, that game, a lot of people love.
So obviously you're going to have people coming at him who really disagree with what he thinks about hockey now.
And many of those guys are former players.
The NHL, it was a dream of ours.
It gave us everything we have.
And I know he looks at it like it didn't work out for him
the way it's worked out for many others.
And I understand and I feel really bad for him.
But to go after other people and continuing to attack,
it drove you to a point
where you finally said enough and and i don't know what um like what the thought process was
my assumption would be is when he first started all this and then he kind of did start attacking
people there there was probably pushback from people might who might think a little bit like
us where they're like dude you're being a hypocrite you got you were out there running
around trying to end guys careers like you're the reason why fucking cte partly
exists well at least in some guys right because he's been suspended and for dirty shit in the
past so he tried so there was a bit of a what did you call it a powder puff article you called it
oh puff piece yeah puff piece article what yeah oh dan you know making amends for for all the
shit that he did wrong.
And I actually spoke with Bruce Arthur, excuse me, on the phone. You know, he's, he's obviously very vocal online about, about, you know, change and, and he's, he's very, very left wing.
And I told him on the phone, I said, dude, there's fucking shit that Carcillo has done
that if I told you on this phone, your fucking jaw would drop.
And those things weren't written in that article. So don't tell me he's fucking came clean, Bruce.
He hasn't.
Okay.
And I know that it's easy because you're, you want, you want to follow him.
And even in all this, you know, oh, but the, oh, but dude, I just told you, you put a fucking
swastika on his robe and you're still fucking
rambling on.
It's just like, yo, sit this one out, bro.
Like I get that your views align exactly with his now, but you can't, you don't get, you
can't give him the pass.
That's public.
That's public perception.
That's whoever, whoever wants to decide that.
So I respect Bruce and all he's done.
I don't agree with him on necessarily
everything so i just said yo bro they're they're you're acting like this guy was accountable for
all of his actions and he's dragging jr through the mud and whoever else when jr's issue with
with mbc wouldn't even reach his top 20 list well bruce is a guy who blocked me because i called
them uh i think uh fucking some arrogant or whatever,
some fucking adjective to describe me.
He blocked me.
Self-righteous, I call him.
And there's no better way to prove it than blocking someone.
He hates Bastl, too.
So he views us as an extension of that.
He always bitches about Bastl.
And he had Costello be a subject for a big scoop for him.
So he's like Team Costello no matter what for the twofold reason.
He's an arrogant puck and peck ahead and and i i dropped the swastika one because i knew that would get the
most reaction and and once again if i if if any of uh our fans are upset that the way that i handled
it i apologize as i mentioned it was very um it was very reactive i think that all my concussions through the years have made me
be more reactive where when i get fired up i'll fucking go right back what what do you why are
you shaking your head like that wit i'm saying that yeah you you your wires can cross doesn't
happen often but when it happens there's just look out so so when he denied the the swastika
he's calling me a liar so i reached out to the people that had to address him about it in the locker room and tell him to burn the fucking thing. And I sent
out one of the screenshots. I'm not going to name names. You don't need to make this a bigger thing
than it is. It was simply the dunk on the hypocrisy. That's all it was. It needed to come
to light. Hopefully it backs him off. And I guess I can leave it at that i wish i sincerely wish dan the best and and i'm
glad he's he's found you know some sort of peace in what he's doing and as i mentioned i encourage
you guys to maybe you know send him a message lay off him as far as the nasty shit please
yeah don't be sending fucking threats on our behalf we don't play that way but paul it wasn't
all fucking bullshit and in this type of stuff for you all weekend you went back to saginaw i believe friday night correct awesome awesome time
great seeing all a bunch of familiar faces i did the ceremonial face off there but um it was crazy
i got to watch that perfetti kid live hat trick did you bury another shot on the third one on the
third one that's impressive but but mind you, the hole was like half the net.
Okay, yeah.
I can't take full credit for it, but I want to thank Dick Garber,
Craig Goslin, my old Billet family, Dan Emmenecker and the boys.
It was just good seeing everybody.
If I left you out, I'm sorry, but great seeing all you fans,
and I love you guys.
You know that.
Somebody left you a little bit of vino when you went out to dinner, correct?
I know you wanted to give somebody a little shout-out.
We were in Detroit on the Wednesday, and Dylan Larkin set us up
at Prime and Proper.
I'm off the piss, but classy move.
Not only did he set us up at the restaurant.
Nice old bottle of red?
Nice bottle of rouge.
My old lady was fucking creaming her panties.
It was so good.
I was jealous.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're such an asshole, you her panties. It was so good. I was jealous.
I'm so jealous. I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous.
I'm so jealous. I'm so jealous. We talked about a little few minutes ago, me and Grinnelli, we went out to Colorado with the Zero Blog 30 crew from Boston,
plus a couple other guys behind the scenes.
We had a meet and greet at the place.
What was it called?
The Viewpoint, Mike?
It was called the Viewhouse, and the staff was absolutely fantastic.
Yeah, they took great care of us.
Had a little, like I said, meet and greet session.
It was kind of like when Ringo and George showed up,
but Paul and John couldn't make it. It was probably one-tenth of the usual crowd.
But it was great.
We got to spend a little bit more time with people.
Now, look, I know we had to help grow hockey.
I think we got a pretty solid pseudo-relationship with the league.
So I don't do this criticism lightly, and I'm not trying to pile on.
But I got to call a spade a spade,
and this is a little bit of tough love for the NHL.
Now, I've long defended these games uh as being for the fans
every song every winter people complain oh why are they doing these again no one cares blah blah
it's like well if you go to them they're awesome remember we went to the one in dallas guys it was
electric fucking 40 000 people there at nine in the morning i would say we're two for two we went
to the one in norredame and then we went to the dallas one well absolutely and then well the three
the philly pittsburgh one we went to stadiums that was Well, I'm two for two years. And then we'll have three. The Philly-Pittsburgh one, we went to Stadium Series.
Oh, yeah.
That was fucking awesome.
Well, you know what?
We can't say it anymore because last night, it was a Saturday night.
It was indefensible what went on.
The traffic, absolute nightmare.
Now, I know some of these college towns,
they're not used to getting large volume,
a large amount of people coming in.
I felt like I was going to like Revere versus Winthrop on a Thanksgiving
fucking football game where you had to park two miles away and walk through
like mud to get there.
And then you think, okay, like it's bad getting in here.
The lot's muddy.
It's icy.
You can't see shit.
They could have done the traffic way better.
You get inside and it was worse.
I've been to events all over the place.
I've never seen a place with every line was a mile long,
whether it was the men's room, the women's room, pretzel.
Why?
I don't even.
Because the NHL oversold the place.
They sold too many tickets for a place that's almost like a glorified
high school football stadium.
No disrespect.
It's the Air Force Academy.
I have all the time in the world for any kids who go there.
It's nothing to do with that.
It's just the place, they sold too many tickets for it.
So we get in, we finally get in.
It was late in the first period, and we all looked at each other like,
listen, we can't stay for this game.
We'll be here until fucking 2 in the morning.
People literally took three hours, so we decided before the end of the
second period, we'll bail.
Well, we got to a point trying to get out of there where it was just a
mass of humanity, and it felt like I was joking around.
But that scene in War of the Worlds with Tom Cruise when they're at the ferry and it's like society's on the brink of falling apart for a couple of minutes there.
Right, Granley?
It felt like that.
Like if one thing goes wrong here, it's going to be mass fucking chaos.
I would have been flipping it.
People with kids were scared.
And like in the world, we're at a fucking NHL event, a marquee event. This shouldn't be anywhere at this time. People with kids were scared. We're at a fucking NHL event, a
marquee event. This shouldn't be anywhere
near this level. And it was
way too many people. The
people working there, I know they had
their in-house staff. You'd ask, where do I get to
this section? I don't know. Okay.
No one could tell you where to go.
It was a total fucking
clusterfuck. Even when they show
the flyover video, if you watch it, which is pretty cool,
we saw it from our car still trying to get in.
But at the end of it, it looks like Field of Dreams
when everybody's trying to get to the fucking cornfield
and there's like a row of lights.
That's how you can see in the fucking flyover videos
all these people still trying to get to the game.
So, hey, look, we love the NHL.
We're trying to help the game.
But we also got to call a spade a spade.
It was for people who went to the game last night.
It wasn't just us.
We polled people as they came back to the hotel to try to get different answers,
and everybody said it was among the worst events they've ever attended anywhere.
That sucks because they're not cheap either,
and the prices get jacked up a little bit.
So, listen, we're not going to rag on the NHL.
You try different things.
It probably won't
happen again there just need to learn lessons i think maybe pay attention a little bit more to
the type of details that it needs to you need to throw one of these events on so do you think they
knew the day before they're probably like oh yeah well that's why people are calling it fire fest
well so that's what so so zero blog 30 went with uh did like a tour with some cadets from
air force and the air force cadets told zero blog 30 that they were uh, did like a tour with some cadets from air force and the air
force cadets told zero blog 30 that they were like, there is no chance that this is going
to work.
Like they tried testing this a few days ago and, and this stadium can just not hold this
many people.
And back to what RA was saying, when we were stuck, we, we were so stuck for a good, probably
five, 10 minutes.
We didn't move.
Like I didn't move a single step forward or step back to the point where a grown man
was going to fight a girl.
They start screaming at each other.
Next thing you know, he's screaming, she kicked me in the dick.
She kicked me in the dick.
And Captain Collins has to step in and break these two people up.
Oh, fuck, no drama.
People were going crazy.
And also, very unfortunate news it was a twitter
rumor last night but it was confirmed a person died a fan died leaving the game last night
someone had tweeted i didn't want to retweet because it was a rumor but uh there was a news
site in denver tonight that that acknowledged the fan was trampled or something well the the news
the official news story gave no indication now the, the Twitter stuff I saw, and again, I'm not verifying this is true,
they said that he apparently jumped off sort of a bridge down to where a train goes by.
It sounded like a sizable jump.
I don't know if he was intentional.
I don't know if he was disoriented.
That was the other thing, too.
Not only was the parking area muddy and frozen and dark.
I mean, you've got a
buzz on it was discombobulating it you know it could easily be misleading and i'm not implying
that's why the person died but a fan lost their life leaving the game last night and you know
that shouldn't be forgotten colorado yeah it was tough uh but let's go back this is a depressing
episode well i had the kings i. I'll cheer you up.
Well, I was going to say, no, it wasn't all bad.
When we did land, you know, we'll get to Detroit.
I'm sorry, Detroit, Denver Airport in a minute.
First stop we made was to Medicine Man Dispensary.
They reached out to us right away.
So we stopped to them before we went anywhere.
We got the full Monty tour.
We walked in.
We saw the whole process of, you know, how the bud flowering starts out. So where they cut it to where they weigh it. Uh, it was like the beginning of pineapple
express. When we walk in, there's just a big room with all plants everywhere. And you know,
it's, it's all legal and shit. And the dude, uh, was Trey was his name. Trey Fisher,
Trey Fisher, director of marketing over there. So he gave us the full Monty tour and then a
lovely gift bag on the way out, out, which lasted us for the weekend.
And then another company, by the way,
one of the all-time names for paraphernalia and bud company,
Blazy Susan's, which, cause it's funny.
That's my old, my mother's name is Susan and she works like that.
Same here. All right.
And the rehab here and she's been sober for years.
So it's like all three of our moms are named Susie.
Wow, that's fucking crazy.
So, yeah, they were very generous.
I mean, they were so generous to the point this morning.
I was like Ginger McKenna in a casino tipping out fucking,
like busboys with, like, fucking cone bones, like fucking casino because I fucking couldn't smoke them all.
I smoked as many as I could, so I had to hook everybody up.
But the people out there in Colorado were awesome.
You know, aside from the hiccup at the stadium, you know, it was great hanging with the zero blog,
30 crew cons is great. First time meeting chaps after all these years. And Kate is as funny in
person as she is online. So it wasn't all bad boys. I just want to just jump in and say, did
you know that NHL ticket prices can actually go down right before the game starts?
That's where the GameTime app comes in.
GameTime tracks ticket prices in real time from thousands of trusted sellers,
then shows you all the best last-minute deals.
It's like Hotel Tonight, but for live events.
To date, millions of fans in the U.S. and Canada have downloaded the GameTime app
and scored big on last-minute tickets, up to 60 off.
GameTime has panoramic images of the view from your seat
so you don't get stuck behind a pole or up in the nosebleeds
when you didn't expect it.
It has the fastest checkout known to fan kind.
And GameTime's two-tap checkout process makes buying tickets faster
and easier than ever before.
GameTime does the work for you.
No need for 20 different browser tabs opened up and go to 10 different sites.
Game time curates tickets from all over the web and shows you who's got the best deals.
They don't have the tickets just for sports either.
You want to go to a theater, concert, they'll take care of there as well.
Game time is hooking you up with a 15 credit.
Here's what to do.
Download the game time app on your mobile device.
Click on the my ticket section of the app.
Create an account.
Then under the billing section, redeem code Barstool.
Once again, that's Barstool for 15 off your first purchase.
That's free money, people.
Credit expires at the end of April 2020.
That's April 30th, 2020.
So make moves quick.
Download the GameTime app now and score last minute tickets and boys yeah
there was a a couple other things that we had a laugh about i'm sure you were following uh dave
and uber debbie down at the daytona 500 absolutely hilarious and uh what you mentioned a couple what's
the backstory on that how did he meet this lady this was hilarious he got her for one of the pizza
reviews he was doing i I specifically forget which one.
She must have been an Uber driver or something.
That's exactly what it was.
He had her for an Uber driver to one of his pizza reviews,
and they clicked.
So right out of the cab, he invites her to do a pizza review.
Or was it a later date?
Well, no, no.
She was taken to one. I think she ended up doing a review, and then somehow, no. She was taking him to one.
I think she ended up doing a review, and then somehow he found out she was a Daytona fan.
Well, I didn't know if they'd clicked, and he's like, hey, we got to do one eventually.
But you're saying, wow.
He is so good off the cuff.
Oh, he posted one recently where there's a lady yelling at him about, like, don't put me on camera.
And he's like, you're not.
You're behind it. It's facing me. and he's arguing with her the whole time then another guy
walks by and starts like yelling at him and then he's got a guy coming out like that's the worst
fucking pizza i ever had and he's like getting screamed at in all different directions somebody
sent it to me so i can retweet it it's the funniest fucking one going. And, of course, Dana B and the Zillion Beers.
I mean, this is just vintage Barstool.
So organic how this has started.
I remember what you talked about a couple weeks ago when he started doing it.
And here we are.
He's sold a million dollars worth of stuff.
He's given, at last check, what, 50 grand to the Frady's family.
He's got a girl down from Buffalo he's literally smashing tables with
in his living room.
I mean, what the fuck is going on with?
The biggest superstar rise
in barstool history.
The quickest and the best I've ever seen.
He went from cameraman
to just making content,
calling out other co-workers
who he says he's done more than any of
Portnoy's new hires.
Which is true.
Talking about how many more followers he has
than people he does walk the line with.
I mean, he has just dominated the past couple weeks.
And like I said before, he owes Bugsy Malone.
Without Bugsy Malone, this doesn't happen.
I swear to God.
That night when he got Bugsy, he got Bugsy,
and he saw, he's like, wow, this is what I could do to other people.
He's bugsying a fan base now.
He is fan.
I saw he did a pizza review tonight, Biz,
and there's a crowd around him, and he's handing out pizza like Portnoy.
It's Dana B.
This guy's from Hingham, Massachusetts.
He had 12 and 10, I think, his senior year of high school.
I don't even know what that means in basketball stats,
but I've seen him tweet it 5,000 times.
I love him to death.
I love him.
Yeah, I would agree with the fact that he got his spark,
and he got us on his team.
Like, when he started doing this, I was rooting for him
because I know he's a good dude.
He just likes drinking his beers.
I laughed so hard because if people don't know, Biz said to him,
hey, take out your lady.
I'll send you 250 for a nice dinner.
And before I saw one response, I was like, what are you getting them?
An appetizer?
And then I read the replies, and there were so many good ones.
What are you taking her to Applebee's?
And, Biz, you got to know, 250 in New York City with a nice bottle of wine
isn't getting you shit.
250 in New York City with a nice bottle of wine isn't getting you shit.
Guys, I think that I feel that foodies are going to disagree with you.
And the reason I say that is when most people go to these big cities, they hear about all these popular places and they're tourist traps.
So they just elevate the prices based on quality of food and quality of wine.
If you're able to find a little hole in the walls, dude,
on quality of food and quality of wine.
If you're able to find a little hole in the walls, dude,
you can get a wonderful plate of food with appetizers for probably like 60.
So 60 each, that's 120.
And then you can do a 100 bottle of wine and whatever.
You fucking dip in your own pocket for another fucking 10.
People were just being mean online.
I was with four or five New Yorkers when you sent out that tweet,
and we all agreed for 250, you can get a nice fucking meal in New York city.
That was people just being mean.
Yeah. I mean, and I'm giving them 250.
Like I mean, I work, I mean, as if, if some of you read that article,
I worked fucking hard for my money. I, I, I, I, I worked tirelessly,
but you got bullied and then sent him five, correct?
No, I said, you know what?
It's funny and I'm going to feed into him because I'm supporting my friend.
Yeah, I sent him 500 bucks.
So that's a real nice dinner.
And I had DHM Detox and we're giving him a free ad because they put money towards his brand.
They bought a 5,000 advertisement for a shout out during one of his beer crushes.
And the 5,000 in merchandise was going to be given to barstool fans for free.
So it's a fucking,
everybody was winning,
man.
Yeah.
It's everybody was winning.
It was a good time.
All right.
Uh,
dude,
the, so he,
so he's got a girl there.
Yeah.
The Buffalo chick,
the Buffalo girl.
So Dana's got this girl all of a sudden
because he described it to me he's like i donated that money and i got all this pussy coming at me
because he looks like a hero right so this girl used to date another guy in the office
so this is where the barstool genius and some of you are like dude what the fuck are you guys even
talking about it's internet who cares that's where everybody is now that's where everybody's on the internet now people don't even watch television right wait where what are you
saying about the girl well no i'm kind of like i was i was going deeper in the thought no i'm saying
is like she used to date this is like the genius of barstool now after doing the zillion beers
now this girl's there she used to date one of the other guys at the office the other guys hating on
dana a little bit for all of us no that guy doesn't work at the office that's just like some
random guy online oh dude i thought he i thought he was an employee of barstool no he's just some
random clown online oh people are gonna hammer me for going on that long and being wrong about
the story either way long story short they're fighting and rough and rowdy so now dana is able to potentially retrieve that hundred grand hundred grand that he donated and chances are he is going
to win he now has that guy's girl and they have matching or whatever ass tattoos that was and the
ass tattoo that he got in order to raise money was designed by kfc's two-year-old son. Promo code Grinnell20 for an ass tat.
Dude, this story is the most ridiculous story on the internet right now.
And right now they're at, if they raise 150,000,
or 1.5 million, excuse me, Dave is going to what?
Fly them to Vegas?
To get married.
Fly them to Vegas in a suite.
And then to get married and then send them on a fucking two-week honeymoon
to Bora Bora, which he's willing to sponsor.
Get the fuck out of here.
This is a case.
This would be rejected as a script if someone proposed this as a script.
If they get married, dude, that might end up being a movie.
So the way I describe it and for i'm sorry
for you people who are like one of the things they're talking about hockey whatever let's deal
with it we ramble on sometimes um is dana has transformed himself into barstool's version or
even the internet's truman show like you're all day long this guy's just crushing beers being an
idiot and you know what's happening
every step of the way and what's even more beautiful about it is his viewers are able to
write the script because we're go for dinner like black tie so they go get he go gets a suit and he
brings her to a fancy it's fucking so ridiculous anyway we get to start talking about hockey
absolutely and i'll tell you it wasn't all bad Saturday night to kick off the Vegas Islanders game.
Revo and Ross Johnson kicked off the game with a heavyweight battle,
as Dave Gouchen noted, very appropriate for a Saturday night in Vegas
to have a heavyweight scrap.
It was awesome, man.
Were you able to see it?
That was in the feed.
Yeah, I didn't see it live.
But just seeing that off the opening faceoff,
we've had a couple instances.
And who were we talking about recently about oh bx go when he was talking about the the calgary
vancouver beef when that started off um and just basically stuff that that you know right before
the game when stuff's going down it's that much more exciting so you could see those guys are
lined up next to each other if you know anything about hockey and you're watching, you kind of see how they're talking to each other.
You could tell it was going to go down.
And it was a good boat.
I mean, you could tell the crowd was riled up after.
And they had been before because, you know, that place is just a show in itself.
But I liked it.
Old school.
Carcillo would have hated it.
Biz, any take on that scrap as a former pugilist yourself?
Okay, so here's where I'm going to become useful
if I've been rambling out about non-hockey shit.
I was talking to Revo today, and is the other kid's last name Ross?
Ross Johnson.
Ross Johnson, okay.
So he goes, Ross, I think, called himself the champ or something.
I don't know if he said it was in warm-up or the last game or something something so i'm like oh shit like like because revo is the king right he's the he's got the he's
got the belt i would say in the league uh some some would argue and that's fine but for for ross
johnson to say that to him like holy shit dude this guy's got some fucking stones and then you
go on to watch the fight like i mean i didn't watch it in detail enough where
i'm like scoring it i don't know maybe slight edge revo maybe a draw like i wouldn't have given it
to ross but it was a spirited scrap and and fuck i don't know like we talked about the fighting
situation earlier like i still like when when there's like more storyline of the game and
you know it's just fucking you know it's men being men out there they fucking want to throw the knuckles and it was fucking cool to watch that is not an example
either of the old um how did we call the fight staged that wasn't staged either yes that happens
before the puck drops so in in the literal word yeah it is a little stage but that is for the
pace of the game that is oh yeah meaningful that is for the pace of the game. That is meaningful.
That is for a guy talking shit before,
and that is not at any point what we talked about when it used to be David Kochi and Brian McGratton
and Wilkes-Barre, Binghamton, for no reason
other than that they were both heavyweights.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Well, another thing, too, is it's so rare now that,
and I'll say this from experience because I talk to guys I play with,
especially when I was on that calder cup manchester team and uh brian only you know as you say like dude you don't like it fucking gets us going like when a guy takes a run at us and you're going
after him you're like i'm gonna rip your fucking head off like don't you go near like they're like
biz like and then when when they know there's a little tension and and we got fucking we had uh
gratton in the room too and scotty fucking sabran or uh it was a danny salmon or scotty sabran no danny was the goalie
yeah yeah scotty uh sabran so they just they had a little bit more pep to their step and for those
both those fucking teams in the locker room knowing that that's probably going to happen
off the opening draw because you know revo's going to that locker room, and he's like, oh, yeah, it's happening, boys.
It elevates both lineups, R.A.
And I know that you've never experienced that,
but I'm sure you could see exactly why.
Oh, absolutely.
And Revo was playing it up to the crowd after throwing it up in the air,
and that place was fucking flying.
Like the announcer, Dave Goucher,
who did a fantastic job on radio here in boston for
years you know bringing up the fact the heavyweight fight on the strip on a saturday night oh it's
such a fancy element to it there's such showmanship to it so it was perfect man it's a great way to
jump into the hockey stuff i i would say that and fucking habs fans would probably you know
pound me for this i would say it's the best yeah um best atmosphere in the
nhl for to watch a game vegas even vegas and we get 100 but when i'm doing the broadcast there
or when i was when i was traveling i couldn't hear myself think before the game because it was so
loud in there like their intro and it's just like oh my and even during the game the it was so loud in there. Like their intro and it's just like, oh my. And even during the game, the music's so loud
and everybody's just into it and the energy.
I would put it on par with Montreal.
What would be another atmosphere that you think's more of a...
Chicago's good.
Yeah, but they're not winning as...
They're not like as crazy as the anthem is.
When they were doing their cup runs, yeah,
it would have been Chicago.
But I think Vegas.
Yeah.
During the playoffs, yeah.
They're going to scald me for this.
Not as much pep in their step now during the regular season
from when they first got back.
The first year they got back, it was nuts.
Kind of calmed down a little bit.
No offense.
No offense.
I'm a
Manitoba guy. I've made that very clear.
Well, earlier
on Sunday, we had a little bit of
news about a trade that got retracted
and the deal ended up happening.
The reporter for TVA Sports,
Biz, did you pronounce it?
Renaud Lavoie.
You think he knows?
I figured the old French might have.
The knows.
Okay, so I probably made enough mistakes this episode.
You just teed me up for a French name, and I'm not going to know it.
And now people really hate my guys.
I believe it's called Raynaud Lavoie.
Either way, he's been pretty reliable with reports.
He did report that Blake Coleman had been traded to the Yavs.
But, however, the uh denied it to a
New Jersey New Jersey reporter Abby Mastraco of the record which teams don't often do they usually
don't address specific rumors uh shortly thereafter though uh Darren Drager tweeted that he was going
to Tampa uh for prospect Nolan Foote in Vancouver's first round of that Tampa Bay got in the JT Miller deal. So Tampa Bay, the stronger, the stronger, the 28-year-old Coleman,
he's got 21 goals and 10 assists in 57 games on a pretty tough,
tough as bad New Jersey team.
He had 22 goals last year, and this is the key part of the deal, I think,
because he's a pretty big bargain.
He's only making 1.8 million a year,
and Tampa still has another year left on that.
Oh, there's the other year.
That's what's huge, and that's why the return was so nice.
I thought that New Jersey did a great job.
Apparently, this foot kid's a real prospect.
There's no doubt he's going to get to the NHL level,
whether he keeps growing from there.
It was like Rantanen when he came in.
I played against Rantanen in the American League.
He was the best player on the ice. You knew he was going to get to the next level you just didn't know if he was going to stick around and excel from there that's like a that's like a crazy one
where you're like oh my god this guy became this good so they potentially have one of those and
they get the first rounder that they got from vancouver more young blood in that, more young talent in that New Jersey pipeline.
And who knows?
Like, I mean, we've been hard on his year.
People are like, fuck you guys, he's good.
Like, they got some good base.
And I believe Hughes just put up his 45th point of the season.
So he's starting to get going a little bit.
And fuck, I don't, I mean, sometimes we can be hard on guys.
The guy's 18 years old.
Yeah, he's a pup still.
He's going to shove it right up our hoops.
I hope we can burn the tapes from the other episodes
where I was kind of getting hard on him.
Yeah.
There was one condition on that trade too.
If the Canucks do not make the playoffs this season,
the 2021 first rounder will transfer to a 2021 first rounder instead.
So just to throw that out there.
And the Devils now they're
not they weren't done today as well uh they send veteran andy green to long island for david
quenville in a second round or in 2021 uh green waived his no trade clause he's in the last year
of a five-year deal that paid him 25 million uh he's a lefty who was definitely going to help fill
that void and provide leadership they of course lost Pellick for the rest of the season,
who was a lefty.
So he'll help in that regard.
Uh,
you know,
green's 37.
So he was signed as a free agent by New Jersey years ago,
undrafted guy.
He's had a nice little career where you must know him a little bit.
No.
Yeah.
He's had a hell of a career.
I mean,
if you,
if you look at how long he's played and in terms of where he was drafted and
he's been a captain. I think that, I think that this trade really benefits the Islanders.
You know, you get in a guy who's been around the league long enough
that he'll be able to really help you in playoffs.
I mean, he's been through  and I don't know the advanced numbers.
I don't know all that.
You could say what he's done this year.
But I'm talking locker room-wise, type of person you're getting into a room.
The Islanders can use that.
Who knows if this trade happens,
if they hadn't lost Pellock to for the year with it,
I think it was his Achilles.
I just want to go quickly back to the Blake Coleman trade though.
And my initial thoughts, I think for the most part,
a lot of people had this was, was wow.
The devil's kind of stole that.
That's a hell of a deal for the devils.
My only thought in looking at it is, is with the Devils kind of stole. That's a hell of a deal for the Devils. My only thought in looking at it is, with the draft pick,
they consider that it's not going to be a high pick.
I mean, I don't think it'll be that high.
Vancouver looks pretty good.
I think they're at least going to get in the playoffs.
Would you be surprised if they won a round? No.
So they're looking at it's not going to be a really high pick.
And then I also wonder if they didn't think nolan foot's going
to be that that good of a player i mean because a first round pick now granted he was a late pick
you got to think you're going to have him for a long time you're going to have him at short money
and and yeah coleman's got that extra year but that that to me it really showed them kind of
going for it and i i don't i i totally am am making up the fact that they may not think
Nolan Foote's going to be a really good NHLer
because by all accounts, he will be.
He's very smart. He's got a cannon. I don't think
his skating's incredible, but I also don't think
it's a huge worry.
But to give
up that, along with another first
round pick, it seemed like a lot.
Now you look at what they're
getting in Coleman. He can skate to a team that's already fast and get on pucks.
He can play up and down a lineup.
You kind of go through and think of a playoff-type player,
and he jumps out in mind.
I mean, he plays with tons of pace.
You've seen him score some sick goals.
I think he's had a couple, like, highlight-real-goal-of-the-year-type
candidates.
One was earlier this year when he knocked that in one-handed,
I think it was, like, maybe in the first game of the season. candidates. One was earlier this year when he knocked that in one-handed, I think it was. Maybe in the first
game of the season.
A couple of surprising things. It looked like
a lot that the Lightning were
willing to give up for him, but when you're going
for the Stanley Cup and you look at your window,
you're willing to make those moves.
No doubt about that.
Also, we had quite a few suspensions
since we last met.
Oh, man.
There's so much that had gone on since the fucking
we wrote this down, this story got buried.
But this is the first one for a guy imitating Daniel La Russa
for the Karate Kid, Zach Cassian, just weeks after getting suspended.
He gets seven games for his attempted  well, for kicking Eric Cernak.
I was getting dummied on Twitter because I basically
all I said is I want to see another angle before I crucify the guy.
Literally all I said.
That's a fair comment.
It was like, oh, you're fucking  what are you, fucking stupid?
I was like, well, no.
Like, first off, I want to see an angle that conclusively shows him kick him.
Now, you can put two and two together and say, well, yeah,
you can see where he went, but you couldn't.
If you had to overturn a call, it wasn't enough evidence,
I guess, is a good way to put it.
Well, dude, you're basically on the stand for murder at that point.
You might as well look into it a little bit.
Right.
You don't think the first angle, you don't think that shows a kick?
No, no, no, no.
I think in order to make the full call i i want to see everything
because like i don't i don't want to that's a very serious offense right so i want to get as
many views as possible but before i because i mean listen it was it was a dirty play it was the
motion but like what if from the other angle he it actually didn't it actually didn't get to him
it just it hit his jersey me well i say there was tape wrapped around it fucking something stupid like that but listen i will say this i was surprised he didn't get more games
like i'm not dude like fuck dude he kicked someone i like cassie and i have nothing against
them but like holy shit like the i mean you wires crossed you are pretty hard there the youngest
age possible like when your skate's on you do not kick it
yeah that's and even if it just did graze his jersey like if you saw another view and it barely
touched his jersey like it doesn't even matter well that tells it that told me if he like he
caught it that's what i want to know did he oh like oh fuck like my reaction was to kick him
off me because if i was down in a doggy pile
without my skates on and you're in competition and your mind's racing a
million miles an hour, your,
your natural reaction sometimes might be a kick. And then once you do it,
you're like, Holy fuck, what did I just do?
That was, that was another point was that, you know,
Chernak who was kicked, he had no like real discernible reaction.
He didn't act like a guy who just got kicked, you know,
like he just kind of got up and looked like he looked at him.
So that's why I wanted to see another angle.
That's a great point.
And, like, dude, like Cernak might have saved Kassian
from not getting as many games because he took that like a champ.
I thought he was going to get 10.
Yeah, I thought 10 was going to be the number,
but I wouldn't argue with somebody about him getting 15.
I just  that's
Yeah, people were furious.
Thank God it didn't do any damage.
People were furious about the seven.
Like too much or too little?
They thought it was too little.
That's kind of the sense that I got.
And then there was Kane, and then Evander Kane just going at Paros.
Did you have that on there, R.A.?
Yep, had that next.
He got three games for Elbow and Winnipeg's Neil Pionk.
Then he tweeted essentially the same blog slash column
that's been posted about 15,000 times ever since the NHL started
this whole, like, wheel of justice.
And you know what?
He's not really wrong.
And, you know, we know some of the guys in the office,
and they're good guys, and they have a very tough job we talked to berkey about
how thankless of a job it is but you know he pointed out kane did the inconsistency
and like he brought up chara you know oh yeah five thousand for putting his fucking stick through
brendan gallagher's throat yeah it's like well you know what how does this get this much you know and
this got this much now he's probably gonna get fined again for speaking out on Twitter,
but it's tough to say he's wrong, right, Biz?
I won't get into Kane's hit because I didn't really
I mean, his arm did get up, whatever.
Some people are going to, you know, be on both sides of it.
But the one he's referencing about Chara,
I get that like three years ago that wasn't really something.
That was just, you know, two minutes in the box kind of thing.
I think if you're going to have to draw the line,
like that's gotta be a suspension. That's gotta be, to me,
that's gotta be at least to me, that's gotta be two games. Cause,
cause fuck dude, I got a, I got a budget some point, right?
Like I can't, I got, I have to to i have to find a fine line and that it's
it's like dude you just cross-check the guy right in the face did he get a penalty uh i think they
both sat for two yeah they do yeah i think they both might match in minus yeah i'll go one for
that that i'm okay if in the midst of the game the ref didn't really like ah like did he really
get him but gallagher gallagher has known to embellish a little bit right so maybe in the
moment they're like, ah, two.
That's something that they can review after where you're like,
hey, this guy's going to get punished for the fact that he didn't sit for five
and fuck, dude, we're trying to eliminate headshots.
We're trying to keep these guys safer.
So then Gallagher is just probably still furious at the fact
that there was no suspect for Charles.
So then Dean Morton takes the abuse
for Gallagher and Dean Morton
last night are in one of the
ultimate fuck
you offs I've ever seen.
They just scream and go
fuck yourself at each other.
That's the passion in these
games. Montreal blew a 3-0
lead and you read these articles
like, oh my God, look at all this
referees talking to a player. Look at Gallagher
talking to him.
This is so
life and death every game for guys
and that is kind of a brutal analogy. I
understand that, but it's so meaningful
and matters so much that when people
are out there and refs included,
you're so angry and you're so
uptight and everything means so
much and is so important that you just can't help yourself and there's times players snap on players
refs snap on coaches it all works in circles and people get so horrified by the things you see on
tv and some nhl games like buddy there's passion involved in this this is what happens you don't
think that gallagher and dean morton actually i'm not going to say that maybe they do hate each other
but for the most part biz guys do that with refs they'd have a
beer later on and laugh about it yes and and I think something that some some people are forgetting
is this is theater like this is it's like you remember like the old games when like the you
know ref and player would be in each other's faces or like a ref chucking sticks on the ice like
I don't know man like I like a little bit of drama.
Do you ever,
I mean,
you got a gym play fair.
You ever see that one when he was in Abbotsford,
when he just goes a wall,
I liked it.
And,
and I,
you know,
they had a classic fuck you match and we got to hear it.
It was one of them mic'd up.
I just was reading lips.
I'm an amazing lip reader.
I don't know if I've told you guys that.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, it's funny you said that, Whit.
I think everybody kind of just needs to relax maybe with a cocktail,
and that's why I suggest the delicious hot seltzer from Bud Light
with 100 calories and 5 alcohol.
Some of you might be used to only drinking seltzers in the summer,
but if it's pond hockey season, it's Bud Light seltzer season.
Bud Light seltzer is one of the official sponsors of the pond hockey tournament
happening in New Hampshire, followed by the one up in Toronto at Lake Muskoka.
And they'll also be sponsoring the hottest slap shot at the event
and bringing a custom WWE-style belt for the champion.
Pink Whitney and Bud Light Seltzer is one of the signature cocktails of the event,
and we decided we're going to call it the Fizz Nasty. You make it by mixing Bud Light Seltzer is one of the signature cocktails of the event, and we decided we're going to call it the Fizz Nasty.
You make it by mixing Bud Light Seltzer Strawberry with Pink Whitney.
It's delicious, and we'll be drinking it up in New Hampshire,
so come by and check it out.
That one?
Yeah, Fizz Nasty won it, so grab a variety pack today.
See what the Bud Light Seltzer is unquestionably good.
See why it's unquestionably good.
Try out the Fizz Nasty for yourself.
Muskoka Pond Hockey.
So I have to fly back early on Saturday morning.
So for anyone going, I'm going to be chilling there at night on Friday
because we have that little get-together.
I'll stick around, and if anyone could bring some weed,
we'll smoke some weed.
I'll stay later to hang out with you fans because I won't be there back
on the Saturday because I I got to fly back.
So I'm going to miss the full day of pond hockey.
So if you want to come up early, if some of you are planning on just coming up
Saturday morning, come up Friday night.
We can hang out and chill and talk a little bit, talk a little hockey without
being called misogynist.
Oh, another quick note, too.
We haven't even mentioned our guest yet.
Absolute beauty, former NHL goaltender Glenn Healy.
He's going to love being associated with this episode.
Dude, you talk about the comic relief, though.
He's definitely the comic relief this episode.
I think we go to him right now.
I think it's time, right?
All right.
Oh, man.
What else did you have?
We've got a bunch more, but if you want to go to him, we can jump in.
Right now, it's been a weird episode, but sometimes things get a little hectic.
So for right now, we bring in Glenn Healy,
who is actually a full-blown comedian and never played in the NHL.
Well, our next guest was a goaltender who racked up 437 NHL games
over 15 seasons with four different clubs.
He was part of one of the biggest playoff upsets ever in 1993.
And then the next year was part of the squad that ended a 54-year drought for the Rangers fans.
And he's currently the executive director of the NHL Alumni Association.
Welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Glenn Haley.
Hail Mary, full of grace.
The Lord is with thee.
I'm afraid of this.
Yeah, fuck, why?
I don't know.
He loved business content in Newfoundland.
That was good.
With Harry Sr.
You played hockey in the 80s.
What are you scared of us for?
Yeah, no shit.
Not afraid of anything on this show.
Let's hope you're good with your money
and you don't have a job after this one.
The NHL alumni just fire him.
They pay a lot.
I guess I'll lead off with this one.
How did you end up getting on three video game covers?
Well, I was the first ballot Hall of Famer to the PA.
One of the first guys to, during one of our many lockouts,
to call out everybody, which didn't give me any fandom with the NHL,
but it made for great fodder with the NHLPA.
So that's why.
Let's be clear, though.
Two of the covers I'm getting scored on.
By like Yager and Stel.
I mean, who wins a win, buddy?
So I'm on.
And massive amount of money to get on that cover.
Massive.
I think I got like 2,200.
But I was on the cover.
And one of the covers,
I'm doing a two-pad stack.
You ever seen a goalie
do a two-pad stack?
Well, yeah.
I mean, that was kind of
what you guys did
in the 70s or 60s
whenever you played.
All kinds of stuff.
No manscaping.
Just the 80s.
Do whatever.
Bushes and two-pad stacks.
And you said 2,200.
So with inflation from that era,
that's like close to a million.
No, no. it was good.
I mean, my first contract, I made 72,000 in the NHL.
Bonus, right?
Yeah, not too shabby.
More than my dad ever made.
He fought in the war for five years for free.
No shit.
So fuck, I mean, it's pretty good.
And then I negotiated a deal that didn't have a third way on it.
Like, you guys are too young for this, right?
So your second way was 22,500,
but if you went to the eye, you got 11,000.
So basically, by getting
on that cover, I made more than I would have made
if I played with the Toledo Gold Diggers
back in the 80s.
I'm doing pretty good.
He was a wheeling nailer. He knows what's up.
I played in the Iron League.
Oh, boy. Anyway, 16 years in the NHL,
I got 300 in the bank. So I'm doing good.
Life's good.
He's really kicking ass.
Yeah, kicking ass.
Well, it's probably because you've been paying for insurance.
As Witt said in the lobby, I mean, he's paying about 30,000 a year.
You'd think with that, you'd get some surgery to clip back those ears.
No, I just take care of, you get the 2,000 of massages for free.
So that goes by in January.
And then I'm just paying out of my pocket the rest of the year.
And hey, thanks for having me up.
Like, this is great because I don't have enough money for a hotel room.
And I see there's a bed behind.
So, Scotty, we're set for tonight, man.
You guys are going to be sandwiching Mike Grinelli tonight.
Those are pillows.
Pillows.
You know, we got the alumni game tonight.
Maybe get Justin Bieber playing in it.
And then we got no place to stay.
So we're back here.
I got a key for the room.
Biz is playing tonight.
What do you expect out of him?
First time I'm going to be lacing him up since my infamous last game where I tore my other ACL.
And we don't need to get into it because everyone's heard that story.
But speaking of the alumni stuff, I guess we'll lead off with that before we get into your career and all those stories.
What are you doing now?
And explain to people who don't know what your role is.
Well, I mean, we're all the same, right?
We all played and had great careers.
It was fantastic.
You can't get a higher level to play in the NHL than what we did.
You know, losers like you.
Never could sniff it.
Whatever.
I mean, you can't even get in the building unless you get in your pass room tonight.
I don't know if you listen, but this guy's been to more cup parties and locker rooms than any of us.
This guy is like Jason Bourne sneaking into arenas.
A couple of them.
Yeah, there we go.
But no one knows what size skates you are because you can't skate.
But, hey, we played at the highest level.
Fantastic.
And then everybody transitions.
Everybody retires.
Even the guys that are going to play this weekend.
They're coming soon.
Like, we are going to regenerate alumni cells because at some point,
Crosby will retire and Ovechkin will retire.
And they will become one of us.
And the key for me is how do I
make tomorrow better than today for every NHL player and and there are guys that transition
and do it poorly right there are guys that live on the streets in Kenora there are guys that that
just can't get it figured out can't understand like what you guys do every day you put your feet
on the ground you have uh something that you love to do a purpose you've got a purpose and so for me how do i get that purpose for every player and make sure that
their families are taken care of we hey this is a violent game there's no out of balance we've got
guys that have trouble with functional integration and we're there to pick up those pieces but more
important than that provide a player advocacy a support group so that every player has someone
to call because once you're done you're done you're out that every player has someone to call.
Because once you're done, you're done.
You're out of the game. So someone to call to say, you know, I'm having trouble with immigration, having trouble
with financial situations, having trouble with my marriage.
Maybe I've got coping mechanisms that I want to get rid of.
We'll pick up those pieces.
So how do I make tomorrow better than today?
That's what we do.
And it's such an honorable job because you're taking care of not the guys who made 100 million, but it's the guys
who didn't and the guys that end up retiring and needing to find something to figure out
ways to get through the day and not just get through it, but kind of succeed through it.
And I think that when the pressure's on you to do that, there's probably times when you get a lot of
good phone calls, the guy's doing great, but the ones when you hear guys are struggling or make it that much harder yep
more money more problems just because you made 100 million doesn't mean oh you're right you're
right and uh and we've got guys that uh that have made no money and yet wake up every day and their
feet hit the ground and they've got a purpose and they've got a drive. And the great thing about our guys, you and you and me and any of the players,
we have galvanized our group.
When I first took over, we were a fractured group, and now we're galvanized.
And so we're probably 2,200 strong that have all joined one team now.
Not Phoenix.
How did you win in Carolina?
That's Ray Ray you dumb fuck
Whatever
I'm Ryan you fucking clown
Same thing
You ain't staying in my hotel room now
Fucking some alumni head
You'd be shocked at how many guys
Mix these two up
I was going to ask you
Discuss wizard
I was going to ask you
Has it been overwhelming since running this
At how many guys have reached out?
Were you expecting as many guys to be in
maybe under tough times well no because they're i mean we we're we're dealing with the guys all
the time yeah you got buddies we you know we got buddies that are that are in the game that you
know you you hear stuff about and you say gosh i'm hearing i'm not hearing some good things uh
the great thing with us is the support group that we have. So if we look at all
of our journeys as a big triangle, the top of the triangle, the acute intervention, we take care of
that. You got a substance abuse problem, which you do. You don't. Although you got a drink named
after me that I give other people substance issues. We take care of that. I have a Cialis
addiction. Okay, there we go. That's an acute intervention. But we take care of that. I have a Cialis addiction. Okay, there we go.
That's an acute intervention.
That's the tipping point.
We take care of that, right?
The NHL and the NHLPA, they do a phenomenal job.
They really do.
Love those guys for that.
I call, and they snap to it.
We get our players' help immediately.
It's the bottom part of the triangle, the support group we need to take care of.
And that's what we're doing.
Social worker, got that nailed.
Medical concierge, like all those things that don't get you to the top of the
triangle, that's what we've got to take
care of. We'll never have to take care
of you guys. We never have to take care of Gretzky
or Messier or me, but we're going to take
care of the guys that are our teammates in Carolina
when you won the cup. Fucking A
Healy, that's another Whitney.
Glenn, you worked extensively with the union over the years.
What's been the biggest change in regards to the relationship between the union and the league over, say, the last 20 years?
Well, you know, I think back when I started in 85, we had no arbitration.
They could send you wherever.
They wanted to send you to Vietnam, you're going.
Didn't matter.
So wait, I'd interrupt.
But when you're a restricted free agent at that point,
there was just a qualifying offer, nothing else.
No, you had free agents.
You were a free agent at 47.
The only one who could get an offer was Jeremy Reager and Gordie Howe.
Okay, that's it.
But it was so different back then.
And then, you know, realistically, when you look back at, we had a strike in 1992, 10-day strike.
And I can recall what we were striking about was player likeness, IP, name, number, and you, what you own as you.
And at the time, I think we had about 10 million in the PA bank account.
It could have absolutely crippled us, right?
And I remember talking to my dad, Scottish guy, fought in the war.
I said, Dad, we're going to have a strike.
And he was like, a strike?
What the fuck are you striking for?
I said, well, we're striking for our likeness.
He goes, who wants to fucking look like you?
I said, no, I'm telling you, these guys said this is the right thing to do, right?
And so we played in the gardens the next day, Saturday night, hockey night in Canada.
And Bob Goodenow was our executive director.
And we were in having our meeting.
And I said to Bob, Bob, what is the vote?
Because we're voting to strike.
Is it flashing green light?
Because guys want to go out.
Is it just green light, yellow light?
Like, what is it? green light yellow light like what is
it and he brought me in the uh his office and he had a a easel board and the vote was like 352
to three flashing green light flashing green light you got to be kidding me like not and you
know the next day we we showed up at the gardens our payroll with the islanders at the time was
about 3.5 million for the whole team.
Wow.
And that's 93?
93.
And then we had our 10-day strike
and it was Gretzky and it was Mario Lemieux
who said, we will not give up our likeness.
You have to give it back to the Players Association.
And those two guys were the reason
we made the money we made.
Those two guys.
And then all of a sudden sudden we had our likeness we got to 94 we had the first lockout pa probably had 50 million in the
bank then and then 250 million in 2004 and it's all about putting you in a video game and you
want a hockey card and uh jersey sales right i mean that's so mario and wayne and then 25 years later when i took this
job over the first person that i met was was wayne because if we're gonna have christmas morning
i need baby jesus in the manger so if you're not in just give me the word because i'm out
that might be the best description pretty much i'm not doing this job because, you know,
we can sell Whitney and Bissonnette and Healy all day long.
It ain't worth fuck all.
If you give me Mario and you give me Wayne and...
You give him the big dogs.
Oh, boy.
What did you say then that you said really made the PA happy
to have you as a member, but the NHL was pissed?
Like, were you very outspoken in terms of you guys are fucking us over?
Well, yeah.
I mean, I'm a Scottish.
You're a straight shooter.
Yeah.
I need a speed bump from my brain to my tongue.
I do.
I don't have that.
No, that's the guy in here that you brought in ready to tackle you.
He's my lawyer.
Michael Cohen.
We both went to Western Michigan together.
Oh, how'd you get out of jail for this, by the way?
Oh, Broncos?
Yeah, the Broncos.
What a team that was.
Yeah, what a wagon. Yeah, it's great. I got my picture up there. I'm by the way? Oh, Broncos? Yeah, the Broncos. What a team that was. Yeah, what a wagon.
Yeah, it's great. I got my picture up there. I'm in the Hall of Fame.
Are you? Yeah. Fuck, this must have been a great
program. They were a really good program, and I've got like this
I don't know what I thought, but my
senior year, I decided to grow a porno mustache.
Oh. So it's up there forever,
and every scout that goes into the building sends me
a picture and goes, what the fuck is this?
You're like, I was having fun. You wanted to
savor your last year there. I remember i remember doing a game with hockey night in canada and danny de kaiser
who went to westrom and sat beside me i said yeah i got the porno mustache and you're like a male
model like where did i go wrong he's in the he's in the hall of fame but no we needed to you know
we needed to be adamant we need to stand up for players rights we needed to do what was right
i'm not always going to be right ask my wife but i'm going to do what's right and there were times when i felt we should
stand up for what was right and whether it was a a lawsuit for widows and orphans that we we fought
in 2008 whether it was standing up in 94 for what we believe was right and i i think you know the
relationship now with me with the league with with the PA, we all get along
because we all understand, hey,
I might have a different vision than you have,
but I'm going to do what's right for my group.
And with the alumni, I am going to do what's right for our group.
And they may not agree.
And the PA may not agree as well.
You're never going to make everyone happy, right?
I mean, you have to go into it knowing that
there's going to be people that disagree no matter what decision I make, which is hard.
Yeah, and that's okay.
Because, you know, I don't go to bed with a whore and I don't wake up with one.
So I can put my head on the pillow at night and go, I'm doing the right thing.
Well, you touched on University of Western Michigan.
Am I getting fired, by the way?
Keep going.
This is phenomenal.
We're on the cusp right now.
Let's keep it inside the lights.
I think you and I at home are loving it, especially Ray Whitney.
Let's dive into your career a little bit.
You're just missing a letter.
That's all you're missing.
One letter.
That's how we screwed it up.
One letter.
I didn't even realize that.
We were going to talk about your career.
And you're the host?
I didn't realize that. Let's hear about your two-pad stacks at Western Michigan.
How did you get a contract out of there?
I had Mike Keenan, who wanted me to play with Peterborough.
And he came to me and said, play with the Peterborough Peets.
You're 16, whatever, 17?
I was like 13 years old, for God's sake.
Didn't even know my name. I didn't know my name. Ryan didn't know my name ryan ray whatever did i win a cup or not when he came
and uh he he asked me to play peterborough they had a really good team they were they won the
national the memorial cup that year they won the championship and i said no i said you know my dad
wants me to be the first healy ever educated because not a smart family okay and so uh i told him no and he basically called me a
loser and said i'd never make the nhl and i've just wrecked my career and so that's hard news
at that young age and uh yeah and then western mission came along i had a bunch of scholarship
offers uh and so they came along and said you'll play every game for four years. You come to my school, I'll play every game.
And I was done.
Let's go.
And I did.
I played pretty much every game except the one game that I got suspended
because I miscarried by seven hours, which does happen every now and then.
You grew up with a mustache.
They suspended you.
That's right, yeah.
I was doing a porno back then.
And so that was the only game.
But it was a great journey.
I ended up with a major in marketing a
major in finance and uh and then that led to me not having the pressure of making the energy you
know when you you have to make it because that's all you got uh i knew i was i was going to be okay
and so but four great years i you guys want to do the junior thing you played out west i i'm a
college guy you want to do the junior thing and play out West? Knock yourself out.
We're going to go to college.
And you can tell some stories, I'm sure.
Well, it's the stories and it's like the lack of having to do the bus rides.
I'm just like, I couldn't.
I can't imagine three, four years of 12-hour bus rides in the WHL.
Honor to the guys who did it.
I can barely read, so I think we're a walking example of if you go the college route,
you get Ryan Whitney with all the money in the bank.
And then if you don't, you kind of end up like me.
Hashtag Pink Whitney.
Seriously.
Unbelievable.
He's got the pillow behind him.
Oh, fuck yeah.
It's unbelievable.
It's in the ears.
If you keep sniffing like that, they're going to think we're doing something else in here.
But you hear from guys that you have an 18-hour bus ride, right?
Oh, my God.
No bathroom on the bus.
Well, you get bus shows from girls, I think.
Those were legendary.
And then if you lost,
you couldn't talk to your parents, right?
You'd have to go to the bus.
Your parents would drive 12 hours
to watch you play.
Yeah, but I could tell you
every word of all the hockey movies,
like Slapshot.
So how's that for your fucking education, buddy?
Shove that diploma up your ass, okay?
Yeah, that's good.
My other G's to the fans.
Biz can give you line by line the Van Wilder goes back to college movie.
So that was very, that brought him a long way.
R.A.'s got one for you.
Glenn, how did you end up a goalie?
How old were you?
Because he's tapped.
Yeah, obviously we could see that.
But I always ask goalies, were you a younger brother?
Like, let's throw him in there and you liked it?
Or was it a thing with the equipment?
Yeah, so I started my very, like, I don't remember much when I was five.
I don't know what you guys remember when you're five.
But I remember watching the Leafs win the cup.
Remember that.
I remember watching the Leafs win the Cup.
Remember that.
I remember going to school my first day and crying the whole time in kindergarten.
Why?
I don't know.
I was an immature kid lived by a nuclear power plant in Pickering.
I don't know.
And then I remember skating for the first time.
My dad bought me a pair of Gordie Howe skates.
Right?
And so put them on and out i went and then i played in a catholic league where they had the buzzer so i
would get on the ice here we go and i'd make my way to the puck never touch the puck change get
back to the bench fuck i'm on again like the whole year never touched the puck end get back to the bench fuck him on again like the whole year never touched the
puck end of the year the coach says to my dad did you ever get those skates sharpened and my dad was
like oh i didn't you know you had to yeah you gotta sharpen skates you're lying you played a
year a year whole year didn't sharpen the skates once so then the next year they said you know what let's why don't we get the puck to come to him
put him in goal and so like literally became a goalie and uh and then i got my first set of pads
and they believe it or not fell off the truck at the legion in pickering oh you don't say
now these pads were literally up to my chin right so? So I was like Ken Dryden in that.
I couldn't even see the puck.
They were above my eyes.
And that was okay.
But when I got to 15, they were below my knees.
Time for some new ones.
And I said to my dad, can you buy me some new pads?
I'm getting hit in the knee, and it hurts.
And, man, they can shoot the puck now.
Any trucks coming through town?
And he thought about it for a second.
He looked at me.
He said, just catch the pucks.
Just catch them.
And so I wore those pads all the way straight through.
And then when I became an NHL goalie, and Scotty can attest to this,
I had the shortest pads going because I wasn't used to anything that ever fit me.
You used to get buried above the knee?
Like, would you take a bunch of pucks?
Oh, yeah, totally.
Oh, yeah.
Did it make you a better goalie, though, you think?
Well, did you watch me play?
Clearly, you're supposed to be some crackpot researcher.
But that's how I started.
That's how I started playing goal.
Listen, your lawyer just comes in, and it's true.
You're looking like Robin Williams.
This is kind of like that gets brought up a lot, doesn't it?
Do you not see it, Biz?
Oh, big time.
And then you know, I know he's...
Same delivery, same demeanor.
And he's nuts.
It's a compliment, by the way.
Well, I got married in 1990.
Went to Bermuda.
Great little honeymoon.
Honeymoon.
Yep.
Romance.
Sweet.
Ready to go.
And I was in the buffet line, and I see this guy staring at me.
I'm like, oh, boy i'm he's a lot of guys from new york go to bermuda so i'm thinking i've been busted already my first
meal and someone's noticed that i play with the new york team and he says wow i watch you all the
time all the time i love you on tv i watch you all the time i'm thinking well thank you that's
that's a great compliment can Can I get an autograph?
No problem.
Happy to give you an autograph.
No problem.
Two, what's your name?
Whatever it was.
Tony, I don't know.
Best wishes, Glenn Healy.
He looks at the autograph.
He goes, you're not Robin Williams.
I said, I fucking never said I was.
And he ripped it up and threw it at me.
I'm like, hey, here we go.
So there is that.
You said that.
I didn't tell you who I was.
You did the accent before.
I hear you can also play the bagpipes.
You know, I'm way better on the pipes than between the pipes, let me tell you.
Yeah, you know what?
When I was younger, my parents, everyone in Ireland and Scotland.
When did your dad come over to Canada?
Right after World War II.
Okay.
Right.
He was kind of part of the group that fought in the war, and then the King David Hotel
got blown up, and then they pulled out of Palestine, and boom.
We had no money, no job in Scotland, or it was two pounds to come to Canada, and he came
to Canada.
No job, no two pounds.
I mean, that's better than nothing.
And so anyways, Scottish family
and with Scottish and Irish,
you got to play an instrument.
You got to sing.
I can't sing.
So it was play the bagpipes.
And drink.
Oh, well, that's, I mean, you start,
you wait till you're at least eight or nine.
You have a shandy when you're eight.
Okay, it's only half beer.
It's not that bad.
But you know what?
Truly, I hated doing it when I started.
And then it led to me kind of going all around the world.
I had a chance to play with Paul McCartney.
We did Mulligan Tire, the number of concerts.
We went to Vimy Ridge for the 90th.
We went to the D-Day Beaches.
I played at Carnegie Hall.
It's led to an entire different
world than I have ever had
did your father get to go with you when you were doing all that
no he passed away in 95
so we kind of missed that
that element but they were
made you think of them I'm sure though they were really proud yeah
one of the best moments I ever had
well the McCartney thing was pretty damn good
but one of the best was at Vimy Ridge
we were at this little town called Arras.
I know where you're going with that, but okay.
And it's the first town outside of Vimy.
And Vimy, to encapsulate it, so to speak,
you could throw a football from one of the trenches to the other.
It was bad times.
And so that first town was harassed and
uh there were a bunch of barriers and i said what are the barriers for oh there'll be 400 500 000
people here today and i thought oh really good one next trick and they took us outside to a to
a barracks to tune up we were the last band in how many people in this band sorry so we had 50 or so
yeah last band in to uh to play and there's, sorry? So we had 50 or so. Yeah. Last band in to play.
And there was a day of setup with the Queen, the Prime Minister, and the President.
And Corey Cross, actually, one of our good buddies.
He actually came with me.
And so anyways, they stopped us right before the town.
And they said, we had the 30 RCMP horses in front of us with the Canadian flag on their ass.
And they stopped and said, just wait a second, sir.
All right.
We waited.
And they said, ladies and gentlemen on the loudspeaker, Canada.
And the place went crazy.
Holy shit.
And we came in.
And, you know, there's the queen.
And we did our head to the right, you know, the really traditional way of doing it.
And then later that day, I'm walking around.
And I can't buy a drink.
Everyone's buying Canada drinks.
But I can't drink a drink because I have no hands to drink.
Because you're carrying around eight of them.
I've got nine of them.
Yeah, I'm good.
And there was a lady up in the window.
She called us up, and we went up, and she's giving me, like, a pocket watch and a crystal clock.
And she was a five-year-old girl in that window when the actual parade came through.
And I said to her, look, I'm just a piper.
Like, I'm not a  I didn't fight.
Like, I'm not 100 years old.
I didn't fight.
But just the appeal, that country, the love for that country for us was just amazing.
That's wild.
That is really good.
Goosebumps.
So it's hating playing and then doing those things.
Yeah, that's what it led to.
That's a great story.
The day before we were to play at Vimy, we weren't allowed on the ridge.
It's a beautiful monument, and they wouldn't let us on.
And everybody on the band bus, I mean, this thing was really,
it's a mobile liquor store is what it was.
We pulled up, and they said, look, we're going to try to get on the ridge.
Okay.
Glenn, talk us on.
What am I going to do?
Right.
I'm half neutered and I'm going to talk him on the ridge.
All right.
So the door opens and there's a guy and Canada owns the land that Vimy sits on.
And so he looks at me, he goes, Glenn Healy.
I'm like, yes, we're on the ridge.
For sure.
He goes, yeah, I'm an Ottawa Senators fan.
We're not getting on the ridge.
Nobody hated Ottawa more than me.
Anyways, we got on the ridge, and it was good.
But it's some great memories, for sure.
How long did it take you to master the pipes?
That's not an easy instrument to learn, is it?
Just about the same number of minutes it took you to figure out who I was on your computer on Wikipedia.
I watched you.
Like, seriously.
How are you on this show?
I will say that he said, listen, I watched that 93 series, the biggest miracle win by
a team maybe in playoff history.
Yeah.
You know what?
That series.
That's wild.
Was that the best Penguins team of the three years?
I remember that.
And they'd won back-to-back before.
I think they won 16 straight or 18 straight.
We didn't have shootouts, and we didn't have ties.
They won 16 straight to finish the year, dusted off New Jersey.
They were nothing, and New Jersey had a pretty good team.
Who'd you beat in the first round?
Washington.
And then Dale Hunter decided to decapitate Pierre Turgeon,
which he was our best player.
Hashtag only player.
We had three young defensemen.
You play defense.
Can you imagine 19 years old, and you've got Kasperaitis and Malikoff
and Dennis Faske.
We were all young.
None of us had ever, honestly.
You were playing loose and free.
Oh, that playoff round.
We had like 18 guys with cameras taking pictures like we were tourists.
It's like, put your fucking cameras away.
We've got to play a playoff game.
But we lost Turgeon in the deciding game against Washington.
And then we're playing Pittsburgh and they had everybody.
They had Jagger and Francis and Stevens and Lemieux.
Martin Strack was on their fourth line.
So you can figure that out.
Loaded.
And so we're going into the series.
As we pull up on the bus, we're like,
a bunch of lambs just slaughtered.
You guys are already booking your flights for your post-season vacations.
Can I book my wedding?
Right after game four, you've got a flight the next morning.
Pack up the shit, honey.
We're done in four.
We might be done in three.
We'll sleep in the car last night because it's the end of the month and we don't want to pay another month's rent.
And we don't have to pay that.
And Al Arbor, who is the greatest coach I ever had, right, sat in the middle of the room.
He put a chair down and he said, all right.
He looked at Pat Flatley.
He used to call him Secretariat because he had no muscles in his legs,
which Flats was proud of because Secretariat was really fast, right?
Yeah.
He didn't need muscles either.
So he said, can you tie one shift against Mario?
Just tie.
That's it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Then he went to Ray Ferraro, who we called the seagull,
because if he wasn't squatting, he was shitting.
He said, can you tie one shift against Mario?
Yeah. And then Claude was out. And then He said, can you tie one shift against Mario Levy? Yeah.
And then Claude Wiesel.
And then he said, all right, first period's done.
Flats, second period.
Can you tie a shift against Mario?
Yep.
No problem.
And then he says, if we do that for seven games,
all we have to do is win one shift in overtime.
And if we win one shift in overtime, we move on.
And wouldn't you know it game seven
overtime david volick hadn't played in a month the owners wanted him traded gone and because
they wanted him traded and gone al arbor basically said no chance we're keeping him i'm not we're
keeping him and he put him on the ice and uh defenseman for pitts Pittsburgh stepped up instead of stepped back. Ferraro to Volek, game over.
And honestly, we went into game seven.
We won game six.
Tommy Fitzgerald, another great Boston boy.
Just like you, Ray.
Another great Boston guy.
But he scored two shorthanded goals in game six on the same penalty,
which I don't know how we won that game and then
when we went to game seven we didn't have flights booked for game seven so the team flew out of two
different airports half the team flew out of la guardia and half the team flew out of macarthur
i think is the name of the airport yeah and then we landed together and got on a bus and we were
like okay the misfits yeah we got no here. And we're at game seven tomorrow night.
Won the game.
Game was over.
The owners came up to Al Arbor and said,
oh, great, Al, that's great.
And he looked at the owners and he goes,
what do you think of David fucking Bullock now?
And then Pat Flatley and I, we stopped at the Ruddy Duck.
Remember the Ruddy Duck?
No.
Oh, well, it's changed names.
But it's right by the rink in Pittsburgh, the Igloo.
And we said to Al, can we get two cases of beer?
Absolutely.
No problem.
So, you know, Flats, who's Irish.
He's too much Irish, though.
Okay?
If you know what I mean.
He had two cases.
He had two cases.
No, so we had, I think we bought nine.
And then we opened up the security thing in the back, and we were handing them in to the guys.
And then Flats and I, like smart guys, we walked in with two cases, one each.
And Al looked at us and said,
You don't think I saw what went in the back window?
All right, Al, you got me.
Do you think that next series, it had been so much to beat Pittsburgh
that Montreal was too much?
How did that series go?
That's the Geisha Conference Final at that point right yeah I mean we're just the no the one thing about going to the
eastern conference final is there's no other game on the dasher board right you know you play on a
Monday night during the regular season there's 75 games up there right they get the Fort Wayne
Comets they've got the you know but you get, you're it. And so 200 feet away from me was Patrick Waugh.
Okay.
You talk about when I first started with the Holy Redeemer Flyers,
I think his goals against in that series was like 1.2.
I never had a 1.2 in anything.
Not even in college.
I was 1.3, I think.
That was my GPA.
There we go.
Yeah.
So we just, we didn't have the scoring
turgeon god bless him he's playing with with a shoulder he should have been out eight weeks
pat flatley was our leader he had one knee playing on one knee uh we just and you got me in net i
mean gosh like i was lucky to get through the one but but now to get through Patrick Waugh. And I can tell you, like, I'm sure the Canadians, when we beat Pittsburgh that night,
were probably in the streets, like, burning it down, going, oh, here we go.
Bye-bye, Mario Lemieux.
Bye-bye, Jagger.
Bye-bye, Francis.
It was kind of like the year where Pittsburgh ended up beating Carolina, I believe,
and it was in the conference finals when they won their first Stanley Cup with the Malkin and Crosby era,
where I think they ended up sweeping them.
Once they got by Washington, it was like...
Yeah, it was over.
But good team.
You know what?
At the end of that season, there was six of us that went to Ireland on vacation.
So we stuck together.
Great group of guys.
Rented a place in Connemara.
No phone.
Totally.
And you've been on vacation with seven guys.
A lot of drinks.
To misbehave.
Is to just wake up.
Oh, wow.
Am I alive today?
Because I wasn't yesterday when I went to bed.
I hate to go back, but that is such a, I'm not going to say legendary play,
but when Dale Hunter did hit Pierre Turgeon, people who don't know,
he scored the OT winner, correct?
And 20,000 people went bananas.
And about 10 seconds later, he got cross-checked from behind.
And the best part was Dale Hunter said, I didn't know he scored.
Well, the place was fucking as loud as a jet engine, dude.
I'm pretty sure you knew he scored.
But you must have seen it all from the other end.
Or had you been skating up?
Well, no.
We enjoyed the celebration.
Didn't know the severity of the damage to Terge, which was significant.
And then we had a tough team.
And Mick Vokoda and Richie Pilon, they raced in the dressing room.
I was racing to get a cold pint.
They were racing to
get their skates off to go. And the Islanders,
you know the old rink, Coliseum?
You had the home room and then about
100 feet down, you had the visitor's room.
And it was all that the New York police
could do to stop them from going in the room.
And yeah,
we were an angry group. I mean, that
hurt us. But
the NHL,
shit happens. Hockey play, that hurt us. It was a shock. But the NHL, shit happens.
It's a hockey play that really went bad.
We get to ask so many different older alumni about different players,
and one guy we've never heard about is Pierre Turgeon.
I mean, severely underrated in a Hall of Famer.
What was it like being around him?
How would you describe his game to us?
He was exceptional in the fact that I think I played with him for four years and never stopped him in practice like how do you
do that i i and you know he's like i'm fucking healy the shooter tutors and it matters to me
right because i when i went to when i was in la robbie fatoric pulled me in the office and said
all right you got one role okay rob Robbie what is it you know backup starter
what do you need don't ever let Gretzky score in practice because if you do you're fucking out of
here you're gone and so I that meant something to me right because I was like I gotta try with the
best players to make sure you're not jettisoned out of here so when it came to Terge I thought
the same thing just didn't seem to want to work out that way. I don't know. But he's quiet, soft-spoken, gentleman.
Just, you know, that's the thing about our alumni.
We have so many good souls in this game.
Great guys.
Like, just, you know, you look back on it,
and you're hard-pressed to come up with five.
You go, these are the most wanted.
No, pretty much everybody you look at, you say, you know,
you wish you could have known them a little better.
Yeah.
Just a wonderful person and just so skilled.
And we traded him for Pat LaFontaine, who, you know, another great guy, right?
I remember watching Patty in a practice when we played the Islanders.
He was doing one-timers and he broke his stick.
All he had was the shaft and continued to shoot one-timers in the net.
I'm like, oh, boy, we're playing him tonight.
All right.
So we went from Patty to Pierre,
like just really, really good people.
So after that season,
you had come somewhat of a whirlwind summer.
You got selected by one expansion team.
Oh, it was crazy.
This is a wild story.
And then another, it was a Tampa took you first,
or Anaheim took you first, then Tampa,
then Tampa trained you to the Rangers.
So all this shit happens,
and you just end up across the East River with the Rangers.
What the hell was that like?
Well, we were in Ireland.
You would have been a perfect expansion goalie at that point.
Thank you very much.
Yes.
We were in Ireland with the Islanders celebrating.
We had just beat Pittsburgh.
Just lost to Patragois in Montreal.
No phone.
No phone.
Who had a phone in 92 or 93?
Come on.
You had the big white one that had the intense. Carrier pigeon.
That's how you found out?
Carrier pigeon?
It would have worked in West Ireland, too.
Honestly, basically what happened there was, you know, we're dancing around, going from pub to pub, and everyone's having a good time.
And Pat Flatley just happened to call home to say, Mom, is everything okay?
And so she said, You won't believe't believe it pat he's been traded to the
rangers and flats was like what are you talking about mom but he kind of knew it was going to
happen because at our year-end party he wrote down on a napkin what my contract demand was
because i was a free agent and the owner crumpled it up and threw it at me. So I knew, okay. I'm not getting that.
I'm probably.
This isn't Robin Williams.
I'm out of here.
Yeah, it's different.
So anyways, he made his mom read the article from the paper.
And yeah, sure enough, I was on my way to New York Rangers.
And the Rangers were trying to call.
Tampa was trying to call.
No one could get a hold of me.
And they're thinking, this guy is an asshole or he's
just he might quit he's not even when we're trying to call this guy so you never even knew about
you were pretend playing hardball pretend playing hardball and so we were at the brazen head pub
which is the oldest pub in ireland and i could see big fat head flatly walking towards me i knew he
had some business that he wanted to talk about. And he broke the news to me.
He said, yeah, you're with the Rangers now.
He's your buddy.
You must feel like you're obviously
fucking with me.
Well, again, you talk about Benedict Arnold.
Islanders and Rangers hate each other, right?
And they had a Santa night with the Islanders, right?
Where you dressed up as a Santa, you got in for free,
and they went on the ice, and the Ranger fans dressed up as Santa,
and the Islander fans fought on the ice.
Santa, isn't that like the gift of giving?
I was going to say, that's Philadelphia.
So they, you know, to go from one to the other,
and then, you know, I step in, and Mike Keenan's our coach.
That's fun yeah the
peterborough beats called yeah thanks mike good still remember when you come to peterborough you
loser bronco thank you we'll play with the broncos uh but anyways uh you know we we had a vision
of erasing three generations of losing so fought grandfather father son 54 years of just
absolute failure and so it and i remember first day of camp i remember thinking we could win like
the islanders we had a good team but not this team no yeah and they just needed to be pushed in the
right direction and uh we were right from start, we struggled for the first four games
and then we just dusted teams halfway through games.
It was that good a hockey club.
We were like the Beatles going into rinks.
We'd go into Florida
and we'd have 300 people watching us practice.
Well, you get your captain date Madonna, right?
At the time.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, they just went on one date.
Let's be clear.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, girls can tell that dating.
And, you know, Mike Keenan started every practice where all the lefties shot right and all the righties shot left.
Terrian used to do that, I believe.
I hated it.
It was a terrible righty.
Try playing goal the other way, too.
That's how I learned I was a lefty when we did that one practice.
Wow, I'm better.
This is way better.
I shouldn't be on the piano.
I should be singing.
But we would have 300 people in the crowd watching us practice.
And you could see there would be coaches up there with notepads,
like you, right?
Crackpot journalists there.
Notepads taking notes, and the practice would start.
And if you ever saw Wayne Gretzky play right-handed,
what is that?
You could see them going, team stinks and then we would
get to practice but it it was a great year a great journey and it ended with uh you know game seven
against Vancouver they were a good team hard fought but just you know we we were we were a
better team we were that was the that run was like when I remember falling in love with hockey. I was 11, and it was every single Ranger game.
I loved Leach.
What did the team think when Messier
I mean, because there's no Twitter, there's no anything.
So you hear about Messier's guarantee of game six in Jersey.
Are you just like, oh, boy, here we go?
Well, anyone's going to make a guarantee.
Yeah.
I might put my money on him.
But not only the guarantee, but the guarantee and then to score three goals in the third period.
That's ballsy because the first two periods go by and you haven't done much.
Well, we were down 2-0 against New Jersey, right?
That's to close you out, correct?
Close us out, yeah.
And they played that unique system that was so entertaining in New Jersey.
I wonder why no one came to games.
It's called the 0-5, where you dump it in and just go rover, rover.
We call the Rangers over.
Like, how stupid is that system, right?
It was boring.
We're down to nothing, about a minute and something left to go
in the second period, and Kovalev scores.
Now we have a chance, 2-1.
What you don't see on that video, though,
is Mike Richter in the first
two periods that's the best goaltending display i think i've ever seen they must have had because
we were gambling right it's all in yeah poker chips are all in and they must have had 12 two
on ones three on ones two on o's and ricky was he's a beast. He was the, it's the best I've ever seen.
Another guy who's like,
like leech,
solid,
solid,
great team.
Yeah.
It's another American Glenn.
That's where we are.
I could swear.
I remember watching it where they were talking about how early he would get to
the rank and what he jog around the concourse in order to get prepared.
No,
a Richter.
Ricky was,
uh,
he was ridiculous. Um, Richter. Ricky was ridiculous.
Physically, just so fit, so athletic.
I'd watch him.
Yeah, he had a groin pull the one year in 95,
and he would be jumping onto like a 48-inch table.
Four feet, okay?
I have a hard time getting upstairs four feet, okay?
Just one leap, boom. Here we go.
Yeah. I don't know.
He'll say, I think I can do better than this.
And I'm thinking, I can't do this at all.
So you're good.
But, you know, he had such a great element about his game where he just was so athletic.
But yet when it came to like preparing for shooters, we played Toronto one night and I said, okay, I went through all the shooters.
You know, Matt Sundin, backhand deke, hand shot big guy big c on a sweater remember that got it got it okay
uh Wendell Clark high glove got it second period Matt's two breakaways two goals backhand deke
Ricky sits in the dressing room he goes who scored those goals on? I don't know the big guy, Captain Big C, backhand.
He just had it, though.
And probably, you know, when you look at that year,
we could have had 10 of the guys could have been captains and 10 of the guys could have won the conspite.
And Leach won it with an incredible run, but it could have been Mike Richter.
It could have been.
There's so many guys.
So many guys and such a great team.
What's the story that year that Kovalev went to change
and Keenan said, you're fucking staying out there?
You know, it's funny because we got together
25th anniversary of the Rangers winning the Cup.
And so they had Keenan and Neil Smith up on a dais
and we're asking questions.
And everyone's you know
commanding the questions and okay in the back of the room yes uh next question goes to Alex and
Kovalev stands up and goes hey what's the deal with you keeping me on the ice for nine minutes
you know that's my German accent but uh so Kobe was you know he was such a skilled guy oh I remember
the first game I played with the Rangers in net with him,
and he was in the left-hand corner and passed the puck over the net,
over my head to the right winger.
I'm like, a little dangerous.
I don't know, but it was tape to tape.
And so, you know, he overstayed his shifts a little bit
because he's learning the language, the North American game,
and Mike had had enough.
And when he came back to the bench, stay out.
No one changes for him.
Now, at the end of the whatever it was, 12 minutes, 11 minutes,
I don't even know, he scored.
I didn't even know that.
Scored.
So suck on that one.
Suck on that one, Mike.
Okay?
And then at the end of the game, we were kind of pulling him aside.
Hey, buddy, you know, hang in there.
You know, it'll be okay.
He thought he was getting rewarded for playing well.
So the message didn't even get to him.
Good job, Mike.
Anyways, scored on the last year.
I think I read you ended up playing 68 minutes of ice time
during that cup run.
Now, I mean, obviously a small hand in it.
I would assume maybe
some of that maybe was in relief in order to rest
Richter no
Mike Keenan we would change during shifts
right so he would pull goalies multiple
times my role
I think in the cup run was just I was the team
psychologist because I'm telling
you if you were the team psychologist that must
have been a fucked up team was that accurate though
did you play 68 minutes during that playoff run?
I couldn't tell you any of my stats are.
That's why we have crackpot journalist over here.
Okay, yeah, that's right.
Harry Rathner or whatever your name is.
Harry Admiral.
That might be his new name.
According to the hockey reference, yeah, 68 minutes.
Actually, I wanted to ask you.
You guys, it was a 3-1 lead.
You blew the series lead, went back to New York, one game, all the marbles.
Was there a part of you shitting your pants a little like,
what if Richter pulls something to warm up so I'm going to have to play here?
Or did that cross your mind at all?
I love the positive tone.
When you're drinking a lot, it dehydrates you, and that's how you pull muscles.
What if Richter gets hurt?
Oh, boy, they're going to have to put you in.
They just give the cup to the Canucks.
Period.
Bettman brings it out.
Congrats, guys.
Healy's in the game. It's over. We're not even going to play the game tonight. We're just going to hand you the cup to the Canucks. Ladies and gentlemen. Period. Bettman brings it out. Congrats, guys. Healy's in the game.
It's over.
We're not even going to play the game tonight.
We're just going to hand you the cup.
Well, no.
You're right.
We were up 3-1.
We should have won four straight.
Kirk McLean in game one had 50-plus saves,
and I can remember thinking, we blew that one.
Because that's one you don't want to miss, right?
Like that's a win.
It should be a mail-it-in win.
And then, you know, we got up 3-1.
We knew we were a better team.
We were.
But we decided that we were going to plan the parade route
and we were going to invite people in.
And what kind of Pink Whitney do we want to order in the locker room?
Do we want to have a lot of it or a little bit of it?
Like, what do we want to do here?
And you're putting the cart before the horse.
You're putting the win before the effort.
And then they got back on track.
And then, of course, you go in for game six, and you fly all the wives out, right?
You fly all your dad out, and everything's okay.
We've got to make sure all this is
taken care of again cart way before the horse and we lose that one and then what really helped us
was two days between game six and seven we could recoup we could recover that extra day that extra
day was uh and the pressure was on like it was incredible pressure for us to win 54 years three
generations everywhere you went on the street it it was, oh, we winning tonight?
Well, guess what?
You're not playing, so you're not winning, okay?
We are.
Wait, what are you, pregnant?
The sign, the legendary sign right after it.
Now I can die in peace.
That's right.
And we had this little guy who worked in the locker room, Benny Patrizzi.
And Benny, all he did, he got wounded in World War II.
And so from 43 on,
he worked in the Rangers locker room. Just picking
up towels. And he used to
shine shoes. He signed the
officer's shoes. So he would sign, shine
your shoes. You'd come out and go, those are mine?
Oh, thanks, Benny.
And he'd walk through the room every day and he'd stop
in the middle of the room and he'd say, let's go, Rangers!
And he'd keep walking.
And I love the guy, right?
Before game seven, all the pressure.
And he walked in the room, and he stopped in the middle, and he goes, Rangers!
Oh, okay.
He goes, I don't care if you win or you don't win tonight.
I love you guys.
Let's go, Rangers!
And he kept walking.
And I was like, okay.
What a legend Benny is.
My gosh. We got to hug this guy. And and we won and they didn't give him a ring and mark messier said if he doesn't get a
ring i give him mine and so they they got him a ring they got him too he presented benny with his
ring he thought he was getting fired because it was his big team meeting what a video this would
be and benny got his ring and he died a year later.
But that was Mark, right?
Everyone matters.
I don't care if you pick up fucking towels.
Yeah.
You matter.
But that was that moment in time where, you know,
Benny took all the weight from our shoulders,
and Eddie O was the best.
He was the stretcher, right?
You know, he'd end every stretch with heave-ho,
you know, grab the oars together.
It's actually on our Stanley Cup ring, heave-ho.
And everyone had a role.
So even though Eddie had 17,000 goals and Mike wasn't going to play him,
he still was a massive part of our team, as was everybody.
17,000 goals and still couldn't get out there and get on the lineup.
Speaking of Messier, who scored the cup one, Messier or Noonan?
Oh, see, you're so Boston-like, aren't you?
No, it's been a disputed thing over the years.
I think the entire city of Boston says Noonan scored it,
and everyone else is like, Mark Messier got it.
It's the captain.
That's kind of what I think.
R.A.'s still waiting for the answer, though.
He was shit-canned on the bench.
He didn't fucking know what was going on.
He was popping open a bottle of thumb already oh
please don't have my record get hurt i can't watch like what faith you have in me seriously
how are you even on the show it's a joke um hey the score sheet says messier i don't you don't
give a shit who scored the game right goal right. Right? Do you think anyone has that puck?
No one has that puck.
Pronga.
Hey, since you're such an open book,
any funny stories about the celebration,
anything you can remember in particular?
I mean, I'm sure you guys went on like a two-week heater after that.
Yeah, you know what?
The club was, they were first class.
They provided limos for everybody.
So you have it for three days.
You just call your limo driver.
Here we go.
Pick me up, and away you go.
We had our Stanley Cup celebration in, gosh, I can't.
Where all the Russian group is, whatever they call it.
Oh, the area of the city?
Yeah.
No, no, the Russian tea room.
The Russian brothel.
Central Park.
Free rubbing tugs on the house. You eaglest in moscow so uh
at brighton beach we had it and uh and it was crazy and i sorry wet i don't drink vodka but
everybody vodka everywhere right and you know i mark messi saying let's do a shot and i don't
i vodka no oh you're not gonna do a shot for me, Mark Messier?
Okay, here we go.
Go fucking down it goes.
But we had a phenomenal time.
The parade was a phenomenal time.
Nick Kiprios and I, after the parade, took the cup.
We were going to go on MTV.
And, you know, MTV was a big... The Grind.
He talked about that when he came on,
how he was one of the young bucks.
And there's quite a few older guys on the team, so he said he was just living it up,
and people thought he was just as important as Messier.
He had the cup more than Maurice Richard, trust me.
He's unbelievable.
Everywhere the cup was, Nick was.
He's the only guy who had his Stanley Cup party and charged admission.
It was unbelievable.
It cost me 20 to get in.
Kipper.
Yeah, Kipper.
I love him.
We took the cup to MVT.
We stopped at McSorley's Pub on the way.
And it's the oldest pub in New York.
And within three minutes, the cup was gone.
Where is it?
So we had to call in backup to come find the cup.
Because it was gone.
It was out of our hands.
And see you later.
So there's no guy at that time bringing it around?
No.
So now let's finish the story.
So when we got the cup,
they would drop it off and say,
okay, see you.
All right, bye.
So we'd strap it into the car and drive away.
And one of the players got the cup for a Stanley Cup bash,
and the top was off.
So you lift it up,
tend to lift it up by the top. You don't bend down, right? You top of the cup. So it was off. So, you know, you lift it up, tend to lift it up by the top.
You don't bend down, right?
You top of the cup.
So it's off.
I got my party, not me, but this player had his party that night.
What are you going to do, drink out of a goblet?
Right?
You need the cup.
So he soldered it with lead solder, which is fine,
except he covered up like 12 names.
Oh, my God.
Are you shitting me?
And that was it.
And from that moment on, the cup always had security so that phil pritchard and the keeper of the cup and all these
losers they go to every party thank you i got you a job for the past 25 years and that was that was
an iron worker on the on the cup to fix it it's a silver cup you might want to use well where did
it go on that particular day where did you guys end up finding it uh the uh there were about 300
new yorkers that were marching down the street with it and then income the nypd massively strong
and then bingo thank you very much for can you imagine imagine a guy hawking his van with it
one of the chances wasn't one of those guys.
That stole that cup.
The one story he hasn't told.
Yeah.
Nick Kiprios and Glenn Healy have lost the cup
and had nothing to do with winning it.
Sorry, everybody.
Have a good summer.
Obama out.
The fans are like, who lost it?
That's a great way to cap off.
Let me look him up.
But that's why you're here.
You can look me up.
Well, I was going to say that's a great way to cap off the New York Rangers chapter.
We got to talk about Toronto.
You end up going back basically to home.
Yeah.
I had a couple options.
I could have signed with Montreal, and I could have signed with Toronto.
And the Montreal offer was significantly more lucrative.
And so I tried every way to Sunday because I was, again, when I was five,
I watched the Leafs win the Cup.
They were my team.
Davey Keon, Mike Palmatier, two-pad stack, right?
All those guys.
And so I was trying to find a way to say Toronto would be better.
You know, I don't have to rent a place.
I have a place.
Taxes.
Like everything in my mind, it just didn't work. And so it was to be Montreal. That's the team I'm
going to sign with. And so I went there. I did my medical with Dr. Mulder. And then I went and met
the coaches. And I was in the coaches' room. And, you know, we were, okay, it's Montreal.
And they were all there, the GM, gm the coaches and said let's call your
agent and called my agent and he had called toronto at the time and said glenn signing in montreal
so the gm at the time was ken dryden so he's not going to let me sign with montreal right yeah it's
like if it's not going to be us it can't be the team right next to us right so uh called my agent
If it's not going to be us, it can't be the team right next to us.
Right.
So I called my agent.
Love it.
You know those calls when you're all excited?
Dressroom's great.
Hot tub.
Cold tub.
Pass my physical.
Everything's great.
Get out.
Hi. What the fuck is going on here?
You've signed with Toronto.
Okay.
This is uncomfortable now.
Very uncomfortable.
And basically I said, look, I've got to go home.
Think about this.
Talk to my wife.
And then I'll even come back, because they want a press conference.
I'll come back for the press conference.
Tonight.
Do it tonight.
I walked out of there.
I was honestly Ben Johnson.
Cab, airport.
And then I had to call the general manager at the time
and tell him that I had signed with Toronto. Oh, Jesus. f-bombs there's only two words second word off guess the first one
and that was it uh I then was a Toronto Maple Leaf and I still recall and my lawyers here with me
am I doing okay yeah okay uh crushing it the first. The first time I put the sweater on, it was pretty special.
Yeah.
Pretty special.
But what we wanted to do in Toronto is, again, like we did in New York, 54 years of no cup.
If we could have erased three generations of no cup from 67.
And we got close.
I mean, we were in the semifinals three years.
We were Carolina, right?
When they lost to Detroit that year they won the cup that year
uh we we played Buffalo the one year when Hasek was hurt and there's Dwayne Rolison oh I love
Dwayne but oh I hate Dwayne you know he stepped in it was unbelievable we should have beat Buffalo
we had New Jersey down three games to two when Ty and Niedermeyer had their incident. Niedermeyer had the puck a minute and a half before Ty hit him.
But so it's still legal, and we lost to them.
And so just, you know, one of those things.
We were close, but not there.
We got to bring up the Ty story.
You got a funny one, right?
Yeah.
What, Boston?
Ty Domi in Boston?
Well, Ty, he can tell a pretty good tale, right?
austin well ty can he can tell a pretty good tale right i mean he uh he told me he had a multiple scholarship deal to a a place in the states notre dame well and for soccer as well he said he was
quite the soccer player uh soccer and hockey and so i thought about it for a second and of course
he would rip me because i was a college guy and college guys were all freddy cats right yeah yes
freddy cats not like you guys junior guys so uh you know I'm thinking like they didn't even have a hockey
team back then so that day in the afternoon I decided to go to the library because we didn't
have internet looked it up no hockey team so there's no way you had a scholarship forget the
soccer one the hockey one you have a team and if you played Notre Dame back in the day, it would have been probably pre-U.
They were no good, I don't think.
But pre-U, the hockey arena was in like a track facility.
So if you shot the puck over the glass to the right side of me,
it went into where people were running around the track.
So I happened to bring it up before the game and said,
Ty, where was that scholarship to again?
Notre Dame.
You don't listen to me?
You stupid?
Really?
And I pulled out the document, and that was it.
The race was on.
So here's two naked guys running around Boston Garden.
He finally caught me and then started banging my head off the massage table.
So I'm fully concussed now,
and I don't know why i did this interview with you guys
but it has to go back to that but i won't remember it in two hours yeah we had another incident with
which is great where uh we were golfing and we're playing at this course magna and he hit the ball
out of bounds to the right so far out of bounds it was on another course and we're playing for
money and uh he asked the caddy how far was the hole.
We had fescue up to your chin,
so he grabbed his five iron,
which we all know in golf, there's no chance, right?
You grab your 60 degree.
Hits his shot, and we can't see anything,
and we're giving it to him on our cart,
and he goes, ah, you won't believe it.
What's the rule?
It went in a gopher hole.
So I'm snake pit, squirrel's nest, gopher hole. He'm a snake pit squirrel's nest gopher hole uh because you making fun of me yeah you're cheating race was on again caught me banged my head off the 150 marker 40 times
and then a couple holes later get to a par five i'm about 130 out and his car's parked in the front. Nice Lamborghini or one of the nice cars.
And says to me, what are you hitting?
I said, I'm going to hit five iron.
Really?
Keeping it low, eh?
That's Scottish shit, eh?
Keeping it low.
Nope.
I hit my ball at his car.
And then the race was on again.
And he caught me because he's pretty fast.
Off the Ferrari.
And he banged my head
off the
ball washer
on the 16th hole
again fully concussed
and I don't know
why I'm on this show
we love Ty
he's the most loyal
trusted friend
you could ever have
but
it's not without
having some fun
and frolic with him
for sure
oh that's good shit
I mean holy shit
how long have we gone here
when did you get like right into media when it was over huh so uh yeah i i was like all of us
we pick when we want to retire right well not really no not really none of us
i didn't have any knees left i was kind of forced out uh so it was my anniversary and June 30th, right?
I had about 20 people at the house for a nice big party.
I had a couple of years left on my Leaf deal.
So I was 40.
So like clearly they weren't watching me in practice because I was done at 34,
but just was hanging on.
Like paychecks are good.
So we're hanging on.
Locker room guy.
Of course.
Yeah.
And so up pulls a courier on a Saturday on the buyout day.
I didn't even have to open it.
I knew what it was.
Like, you're buying me out.
Okay, no problem.
So that was good.
Hit the airwaves that night that they bought me out.
And Hockey Night called me and said, would you be willing to do the game?
I said, well, I'll try it.
If I suck, some people maybe think I did.
Color?
Color, yeah.
Right into the mix.
Wow.
Right into the mix.
So I'm Don Whitman, the legendary, phenomenal.
And so it was Yeri Curry's retirement, and I'm watching it,
and I still think I'm a player, right?
Like, this is so cool.
And I don't have my headset on.
I'm just watching it, and we're about to go on the air, three, two, one, and I'm a player right like this is so cool and uh I don't have my headset and I'm just
watching it and we're about to go on the air three two one and I'm watching it bright eye this is
great it's amazing and Don Whitman pushes his mute button and he goes hey stupid put your headset on
the guy actually thought Canada could hear me just by talking right mics everywhere so I put my
headset on and first whistle they used
to put up remember they put up the lines yeah and i said okay here we go this is the edmonton
oilers lines and it's messy it was off like that i said well that was a waste of time because no
one could read the lines unless you're a speed reader so stay tuned because then the next whistle
we're putting up the next team's lines. More wasting time. That was my first interaction with Canada on the air,
telling Hockey Night that they're wasting our time.
And the producer called me the next day and said,
you can't do that.
And then, honestly, do they put the lines up anymore?
No.
You changed the game.
So I was an idiot savant back in the day.
Should have had microphones there. I wouldn't have to put my headset on. But that was the journey. So I was an idiot savant back in the day. Should have had microphones there.
I wouldn't have to put my headset on.
But that was the journey.
That's how it started.
And what about between the benches?
Was that like, did you enjoy that?
I mean, that was a long time you lasted there.
Well, hey, Pierre Maguire and NBC will say that they did it.
Bullshit.
During one of the lockouts, we decided, Mark Askin and John Shannon,
two great producers of Hockey Night, decided,
why don't we bring the fans closer to the game?
Let's bring them closer to the game.
And so we decided we would do something between the benches.
And we tried everything.
So we did some minor league games, AHL games.
I had a radar gun.
So you shoot the puck from 87 miles an hour,
which we're going to do with the skills on Friday
with Al McGinnis stepping back on the ice to do the hardest shot.
No way.
This will come out afterward, but I didn't even know that.
That's cool.
They've been doing a lot of good things in order to implement the St. Louis folk.
I mean, of course, Brady Kachuk getting out of last minute.
And he's going to have a wooden twig, I bet.
Didn't he always have wood? It's the only thing he's got. have a wooden twig, I bet. Didn't he always have wood?
It's the only thing he's got.
Illegal wooden twig, but we measured it 100 times, and it was never legal.
So we tried that, and it worked pretty good.
I remember the first game I did, my lawyer who's in the back here, Scott McKay.
He's not a lawyer.
He didn't go to school.
One of the first games I did, he brought out a six-pack of beers.
So you could see the teams.
They're watching.
They're like, not sure.
What's this guy between the benches doing?
And they look over, and there's six beers between the benches.
What a job.
Yeah, it's a job of a lifetime.
But then it became a broadcast location.
And so pretty much in every building, it's a broadcast location.
In every venue at the Olympics, watching Canadians win gold in Sochi.
You can feel fear.
You can feel panic.
You know when teams are losing it and when teams are gaining it.
And when a hit's a hit, you sit 200 feet up.
It's crazy how that sport.
The speed is at the level.
Look, you must have some crazy stories of teams going at it.
Because when you're the middle guy, you hear every bit of shit talk going back and forth.
That's why they have a mute button.
And your finger's on it all the time.
Because people think there's a delay or seven seconds.
There's no delay.
It's up to you.
Whatever's said, it's boom.
Here we go, Canada.
We got it.
This probably isn't for consumption of anyone under the age of 52.
But you just got to be so careful.
And you can't break the player's code.
I hear stuff.
I'm not going to rat a player out.
You guys had never had so many people
on this show you wouldn't rat anybody out and i was the same way so i'd hear some stuff and it
would be like in the vault yeah not talking about it and honestly uh probably when i played i was
probably the better trash talker anyways well i was gonna ask that because now that we've jumped
into media one of the hardest things is you you know, I was a dog shit player,
is you got to be critical sometimes.
Did you find it hard or did you jump right into where, like,
you had no problem just kind of telling it how it was
and oftentimes probably having to deal with maybe public
or player reaction for that reason?
You get a little bit of that.
I mean, obviously it's a new career right and so you know you try to find
where you bring the fans closer to the game so a player that gives the puck away okay between the
benches you might say this guy had no time to make a decision like it just happened right you
you got a split second to make a decision and you made the wrong decision it's a bad hockey and it looks very easy from up top it's so easy right and then super slow-mo replays and
yeah that's a horrible thing for players it's you know when when i played with the la kings we had
four games the first year that were televised so you could commit you would never get suspended
you could do anything on any given night. No suspension.
There's no video.
And then Gretzky came, and every game was on video.
And so all of a sudden, oh, boy, you better watch what you do.
And now we'll show up at a Stanley Cup final game,
and we might have as many as 22 cameras.
You're not getting away with anything.
Nothing.
And maybe guys are more aware of it now,
but you've got every camera angle from every side, every slow-mo.
And so it's easy to look at the game and say, you know what?
Should have done, would have done, could have done.
Go back and watch my tapes, okay?
Mike Badano's first goal.
Wrist shot from center.
He scored on me.
There's his first goal.
Welcome to the league, Mikey.
To be fair, he had a great shot.
Yep, from center?
Well, he might have been at the blue line, but I'm telling you,
he wasn't much further back than that.
I think when you're, at least for me, if you're being critical of a guy,
it's almost like if he's going to be mad at you,
he's just mad because you're right.
Because all I try to say is, I would say right to your face,
dude, you had a bad game.
If you're going to get mad at a member of the media, you probably know that you did have a bad game.
You're a little butthurt.
It's getting brought up.
But that's the game.
Yeah, I think the key is, and you try to grow the game.
And so what I love about what you guys are doing, you're bringing out the personalities of the guys.
You're telling stories, which is something that we are
everyone has a story because i don't know your story there's a lot of them okay some of them i
don't want to know and what i mean i don't know all of your story right um played against each
other probably scored on me uh probably got the better piece of me more than i got the better
piece of you but you know you know, tell those stories.
And that's what I love about what you guys are doing.
Like, guys, and it doesn't have to be the best.
You could go to Newfoundland and tell that great story.
That was, you know, one of the best.
We've watched it a number of times.
So keep doing what you're doing because it is great.
We don't do this enough.
And all those guys at the All-Star game this weekend, they all have a story.
I don't know their stories.
I'd like to learn them because they're pretty damn good.
They could be that kid from Pickering
who lived by a nuclear reactor,
whose dad never sharpened his skates the entire first year,
who ended up with goalie pads that were up to his chin
and then played a 16-year career in the NHL.
I tell people this all the time.
We're just the middlemen.
We want for people and fans who pay large amounts of money
to follow the game and go to games,
that we want to show these guys' personality off.
And we feel that they deserve it because we've gotten to live a pretty nice life
because of all the hockey fans that are out there.
And if we can do our part in growing that and showing that,
that's all the feeling that I want.
Well, that was awesome. We could do 10 part in growing that and showing that. That's all the feeling that I want. Well, Hills, that was awesome.
We could do 10 hours with you.
So maybe we'll do another one at some point.
Let's get my wife on the phone.
She can't do 10 more minutes with me.
You're the guy you make everyone else laugh.
Your wife hasn't laughed at one of your jokes in 20 years.
He's telling it again.
She's like, again?
I've been married to him for 30 years. Thank years. He's telling it again. She's like, again? Fuck.
I've been married to him for 30 years.
All right, Heels. Thank you so much.
Glenn Healy.
All right, boys.
Good stuff.
Thanks for having me.
You're the man, buddy.
And thanks for doing all that stuff
with the alumni as well.
Huge thanks to Glenn Healy
coming on the show with us.
Man, what an absolute character.
He come on, great storyteller.
Knew he was there to entertain,
and he certainly entertained
the hell out of us.
So big thanks to him for coming on.
Meanwhile, we still got some other news to catch up on.
We didn't even get to yet another coach fucking fired this year.
And poor Bruce Boudreaux.
It looked like the Wild were finally crawling in the playoff race,
and then he gets shit-canned with 25 games left.
But it's clear that general manager Billy Guerin is basically the Somalian
in that Captain Phillips gift, letting all the players that he's the captain now.
He traded Zuka, got rid of Boudreaux.
I mean, it was probably eventually he was going to get his own coach,
like most GMs, but I don't think people expected it at this time.
He did name 55-year-old Dean Everson his interim coach.
Let's go to you first, Biz.
What was your take on this surprise firing of Bruce Boudreaux?
I was surprised at the timing of it.
Greg Wyshynski, I think he sent out a tweet about how weird it was
where I think they went 0-3 and there was a gap where they could have fired him,
and then they were successful.
I think they were 7-3-1 in their previous 11.
Is that correct?
Yep.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's like, damn, it was a pretty good stretch.
And I believe, oh, had they came back in the one game that they
or did they lose the one game by a comeback?
Oh, they lost it.
Yeah, they blew the game to the Rangers.
To the Rangers.
And now we've got to get to the shootout talk.
Because, listen, I don't know the exact rules,
but it seems like Panarin should have been disallowed,
that goal that he scored.
Because he did kind of take a step backwards.
So we outweighed the goalie.
Are you guys in agreement?
Did the league come out and say that it shouldn't have counted?
I don't remember seeing it.
I don't know if they fell on the sword.
It's supposed to be forward progress, man.
You're not supposed to be able to draw back like that.
Forward progress stops, and he's skating backwards.
I think everyone knew right away that it wasn't going to count,
or it shouldn't have counted, and it did.
So now I ask the question, if they don't lose that game
and don't get fucked on that call, I mean, fuck.
I mean, they're winning games.
Like, they're in a playoff hunt.
Do you think he would have done it then?
I don't know.
Garen said  he said in a decision like this, it's never just one thing.
It's not just one win.
It's not just one loss.
It's not one week.
It's a series of different things.
Fair enough, but the reason I'm saying it is what if he was like
it's always going to come down to a decision
when you actually got to pull the trigger, right? You're waking up one more and you're saying okay I'm
going to do it today or you're setting guidelines like maybe hey if we if we don't win that game to
the Rangers I'm going to do it then what if what if they win that game and they've been hot lately
and all of a sudden they go on like a seven game run and they're in a playoff spot and all of a
sudden they're this miracle story.
Like he's surviving.
Like you don't know where it came down to.
So I don't know.
I don't know if he sticks around if they win that game.
But, like, fuck, if it's because they lost and they lost because of that shootout goal,
that's a bit of a shit sandwich for Bruce now, isn't it?
Yeah, it is true.
He had survived, like, some weird  the lineup card.
Remember he put the line  he put the Greg pattern
I think I'm saying that right.
It was what?
No, no.
I was agreeing with you.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he put that he was scratched.
Well, he was in the lineup and he put that Ryan Donato was playing.
He had just crushed a burger and was getting a workout in.
So he had to get dressed quick.
We talked about that when it happened.
But to get through all that and then have the team finally going,
that's a day you walk into the rink never, ever expecting to be fired
because they had put together some points.
They're still like, Fiala's look great,
but their vets have struggled a little bit.
And Guerin is, he's still saying, like, this team, guys,
we got to make the playoffs.
I mean, he said, i think players are going into
this stretch run on a high and i felt they needed a different voice right now so crazy the things
that that can happen in this league and it is a business and you got to understand that
when coaches get fired i think a lot of times fans may see oh this guy must be pumped so this
guy must be this guy must be excited but a lot guy must be excited. But a lot of times, guys feel brutal.
I mean, first of all, you don't want to see someone lose their job.
And second off, if he gets fired, it means you guys aren't playing well.
It means that you personally probably aren't doing your job.
But there's plenty of guys on the team that can look at themselves
in the mirror and say, fuck, I could kind of be held
partly responsible for this.
So it's just a shitty day.
Now, they certainly looked no better than at any
point they have this year when they lost saturday night the sharks to nothing so you talk about new
energy and a coach coming in it did nothing for him that game so you you hope it continues and
it gets better but we'll see what happens dean i think evanson took over who's the assistant there
yeah dean evanson and you know he's kind of he's paid his dues he was the assistant there. Yeah, Dean Evanston. And, you know, he's paid his dues.
He was the second winningest coach in Milwaukee Admirals history.
He was an assistant in Washington for, I think, seven years.
He just joined Minnesota in 2018.
So, you know, we'll see how he did.
But, yeah, to answer your question,
I think Billy Guerin had his mind made up either way.
You know, like most GMs, he wants either guy.
But either way, we do know that hiring is super challenging,
but there's one place we can go where hiring is simple, fast,
and smart and growing businesses connect to qualified candidates.
Codable co-founder Gretchen Hedner experienced how challenging hiring can be after unsuccessfully searching for a new game artist to grow with her
education tech company.
But then she switched to ZipRecruiter and saw an immediate difference.
And you can too by signing up for free
at ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you,
it finds them for you.
And by using ZipRecruiter's screening questions
to filter candidates,
Gretchen found it easier to focus on the best ones.
Then find the right one.
In fact, after posting her job on ZipRecruiter,
Gretchen said she was honestly surprised
she found qualified applicants so quickly
and hired a new game artist in less than two weeks.
How long? Two weeks.
With results like that,
it's no wonder four out of five employees
who post on ZipRecruiter
get a quality candidate within the first day.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
CUI ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire. See why ZipRecruiter is effective for
businesses of all sizes. Try ZipRecruiter for free at our web address, ziprecruiter.com
slash chicklets. That's ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets, and that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
All right. Well, a couple of guys who aren't in the league,
and I don't know if you'd be able to replace them on Zip Recruiter
or elsewhere, were the Sedin twins, Henrik and Daniel,
and they had their number retired the other night in a pretty cool ceremony.
And I'll tell you, Kevin Bieksa, who we'll be dropping our interview
with him soon, this guy might be able to do some emceeing on the side
because he absolutely fucking crushed it, right?
Listen, I mean, fucking, what's his name?
Jamie Ross, the most influential person in hockey.
Kevin Bieksa, dude.
This guy is a fucking rock star.
If he wants it, I'm, he's, listen,
I think he would be perfect for a role
where he steps in to address Hockey Night in Canada.
He's funny.
He's handsome.
He has tons of credibility. He's a family man. for a role where he steps in to address hockey night in canada he's funny he's handsome he has
tons of credibility uh he's a family man i i believe he's got the perfect amount of sternness
where where i still feel like he'll protect the integrity of the game and and and that you know
that that physical aspect to it and you know these are men combating um he's a fucking rock star and
he killed that fucking speech and he was able to chirp those guys for seven minutes
and make jokes about his old teammates.
And that was a 10 out of 10.
He's a rock star.
I think that's perfectly said.
He crushed the interview we did with him,
and his son was sitting in the room the whole time,
just sitting there chilling.
So I think that if you watch a guy who is able to give that type of speech
in front of that many people,
you can just tell that all his teammates love them.
There's a sense of where he was a leader and he took no bullshit,
but he also was very open with guys in terms of what it takes to win
and how he acted.
And I think that it was the perfect decision to have him do that.
He's making everyone laugh.
And I also,
I also,
I think it was cool for the entire Canucks organization that to have a lot
of stuff go down that night,
because in terms of moving on from the Sedins,
there was so many questions and last year was at times so ugly.
And then this year what's happened.
It's been such a great surprise for their fan base,
for NHL fans to see how good they've done and then have marks to put on
the performance of,
of all his career so far,
the night that the city and fellow Swedish legends numbers are retired.
So it was just a great night to be in van.
I wish we'd been there.
Yeah.
What you were right.
He had 49 saves for the Canucks and that three nut and went over the,
over the Canucks on Sadeen night this year to 22,
16 and three with a two, seven, four, nine-1-8-8 percentage, two shutouts.
But he's been key in big games when they've been outshot 7-1-0 this season when Markstrom has faced 40 or more shots in a game.
I don't know if he's going to get into the Vezina conversation,
but if he keeps it up, Biz, what do you think, brother?
Okay, I had him.
He's now in the conversation.
He's been on a run here.
He went through the All-Star game.
He's having a career year.
Oh, shit, like all of a sudden now the Canucks are like,
fuck, we got to keep this guy, and we got to pay him
because he ain't going to be cheap.
He's fucking having a Vezna-type season.
I thought these team, I thought the Vancouverouver canucks were i didn't want to say
phonies i didn't think they were making the playoffs these guys have have surpassed my
expectations and they may win the pacific division so i was criticizing the tj military well fuck
man like now i'm getting shoved up my hoop again he is it jt miller did i say it wrong yeah no
well because there is a there's a jt and a tj miller tj mills the comedian with the fucking
with the fro i i do the same fucking thing you think that that's who he was thinking of no no
he was mixing up the letters the tj and jt always fucked me up um going to the bx interview i think
we get this a lot i think we we're going to get this for him.
He's like one of those guys that, oh, I used to fucking hate that guy,
and then he'd come on Chicklets, and now I'm a fan of his.
I think that's going to be a big one with BX.
Oh, for sure.
Yeah, he's another good one.
We got Healy today and BX.
We got a couple more good ones coming out.
But where were we again?
Actually, before we move along, I want to ask you, Biz, first.
Do you think the Sedins are maybe perhaps a little bit underrated in their career
just because they were twins and a lot of people, quite frankly,
couldn't tell one apart that maybe that discounted how good they were
in people's eyes because they were twins?
So there was a few people online who pushed back when I sent out a video
done by Budweiser where they got a bunch of the old uh
you know like either teammates or people who worked in the arena like that like that's how
much they touch this town or the city of vancouver it's like the fucking um the ushers were crying
when they were leaving right so um they never ignored anyone it's like they include they were
just like class acts the whole time dude just classy gentlemen like i wish i i wish i could be that classy that ain't happening right they're
just a and and especially dealing with a lot of abuse like they did during their careers i didn't
get much pushback on saying they are hall of famers because i feel like you have to measure
the aspect of of like what they did for the game itself.
So I'd say for sure their Hall of Famer.
Some people would be like, yeah, no shit, you idiot.
But there were a few people who were a little hesitant.
The beginning of their career started out a little slow.
I mean, if you know hockey, if you know anything about hockey,
you were able to tell that there were years there that they were
as dominant as anyone. I mean, especially together together the give and goes the no looks everything they did
um basically dominated games it was like they were able to do it in different ways and
took them a little longer than some expected but it still happened um i would and somebody from
another fan base other than vancouver because you know you know any Vancouver fan would say they're a Hall of Famer,
I would argue them if two people impacted not only your team but your city
the way that those two guys did with the numbers they have,
they would be biased in saying, of course, he's doing a Hall of Fame.
So that's why I think no doubt those two should be in there.
All right, moving along, boys.
We've got a couple of big injuries we want to update people on.
Eric Carlson, defenseman for San Jose.
He's out for the season with a broken thumb.
He was hurt in Friday's 3-2 win.
He's expected to be ready for camp, but he was leading the team in points this year.
Six goals, 34 assists for 40 points in 56 games.
Shocks, man.
You know, this is a team that's lost hurdle.
Couture has been out since January
7th, now losing Carlson.
Currently 10 points out
of a playoff spot. They do get
three games in hand, so they're not completely dead.
But this has just been a
real tough season for them. Also,
on Saturday, Paul Maurice announced that
Brian Little is going to be shut down for the season.
In case you don't remember,
he hasn't played since November 5th
when he took a nickel-eye eel.
It was one time basically off his head.
He suffered a brain bleed as well as a pretty nasty cut.
That came within two months of a prior concussion.
And so Paul Murray said basically he has improved.
He needs the rest of the season to safely heal.
Blue Jacket Cam Atkinson is going to be out two to three weeks
due to a sprained ankle.
And we do get an upset on J-Bo, J-Bo Meester,
who, of course, had the extremely scary incident last week.
It was definitely a cardiac episode.
He had a defibrillator implanted to restore his heart to its normal rhythm
at UC Irvine in Anaheim.
And literally right before we started recording,
we just saw on TV that he got the okay, he flew home today,
and that the Blues are going to reschedule that game with Anaheim in the future.
So good to hear that J-Bo's doing well.
And, again, there's an article.
I read it on the plane today, and, you know,
we talk about getting emotional on planes,
and it was a very in
depth extremely well written article about the whole process of all the trainers taking care of
of him during that situation and uh yeah i was getting a little fog clumped reading that did
you catch that one with i i didn't catch that but it uh i saw something where they were
it was some replay of you know what had happened and i actually saw an angle
i hadn't seen where the camera catches vince dunn and he's standing there with everyone you can tell
everyone's in so much shock and and i think they might have just shake taken uh uh bo meester down
the down the runway or whatever towards the locker room and vince dunn's sitting there and
you could see him say holy fuck is he dead he dead? Like, and it like hit me.
Nobody knew what had happened in this, the sheer panic.
And then the fact that what we said before, the medical personnel,
what they did,
I'm definitely checking out that article because it was just so crazy to see
a guy right there, his teammate, his friend,
and not even know if he was even alive.
It's just thank God for those people that saved him.
So I'm glad you brought that up and hope you can,
you can forward me over that article.
Absolutely.
I'm going to pull up the author in a second.
And I thought one of the most outstanding quotes,
for lack of a better word was from Dallas Eakins coach of the ducks.
And he was like, I'm not trying to be funny.
I'm dead serious.
If I were to ever have a heart attack,
I would want it to be on an
nhl bench because of the preparation of both the faculty the staff and having all that equipment
right there so um yeah it was by eric stevens it was uh it's on the athletic eric stevens wrote
the article it's a tremendous read i i definitely suggest it to anybody if you haven't had a chance
to read it yet um uh we're talking about the Blues a minute ago.
We'll give a shout-out to Zach Sanford.
He had his first career hat trick, but it was a Texas hat trick.
For those keeping score, Texas hat trick is when you get four goals.
I know someone will probably fucking cheer it back and say we're wrong.
Did you just make that up?
No.
Texas.
You never heard of Texas hat trick?
No.
Yeah.
Texas hat trick is four.
Are you saying it's as popular as a Baker hat trick? No. Yeah. Texas hat trick. Are you saying it's as popular
as like a Baker's dozen?
Not as popular,
but I think Texas hat trick.
But that well-known.
Yeah.
No, definitely not that well-known.
He scored the next game, too,
against Nashville on Saturday.
Well, here's another pretty wild.
This hat trick stat
really fucking jumped out at me.
Pasta, David Pasta,
who's been killing it this year.
First player with two hat tricks versus Montreal in the same season
since Gordie fucking Howe back in 1951, 1952.
Oh, you're probably fucking stroking it off to that stack.
Good old Bobby.
No, because it wasn't Orr.
No, Sam Paper, the fucking nice finish.
Everything was great.
No, it was still a B.
No, but all joking aside, dude, that's pretty crazy that not one player
in the last almost 70 years has scored two hat-tricks in the season
versus the fucking Canadians and scored yow and it was possible.
Geez, why don't you kick them when they're down, all right?
Fucking hags.
Speaking of kicking when they're down, I fucked up last week.
I was reporting, all right?
I just wrote the wrong thing down.
I thought I saw Jason Zucker had scored 40 goals in the season.
I erred.
He did score 33, so I fucked up.
I called Jason Zucker a 40-goal scorer.
You wouldn't have gotten any tweets if he had like 38.
No, someone actually tweeted me and said he only had 25-plus.
It's like, well, at least say he had fucking 30 instead
of yeah give him a 30 come on now you're fucking just suing the guy for fucking nothing oh dude
uh speaking of fucking up the numbers this one time i was doing the tsn panel and when i was
doing it like i was getting crippled every night and it just so happens the week i was there the
bars and shit were open till 4 4 a.m like they had licenses for later so i'm live on air
and i'm reading off like saint louis playoff like trying to look at the monitor be all sweet and
shit and i'm like yeah like 26 goals 42 assists and 12 i just like wrote these my brain had a
glitch and i'm just getting all these fucking people like fuck what the fuck are you talking
about biz it's he's played 12 games in playoffs. He's got
six goals or whatever it was. They were just
hammering me. I made a fool
of myself when I did that panel with those guys.
When the first time the red light came
on, I was panicking.
Panicking. And then Gino
Retta said I said something wrong.
I was like, dude, come on, man.
I thought it was all right
oh no did you have more nice about it but oh i was still rattled i was like what dude i thought
i just crushed that thing i will say i didn't that was my first experience being on a national
broadcast man like when i didn't realize how nervous i would be leading up and ever i wasn't
nervous leading up that was kind of bad.
I was like, oh, this is going to be nothing.
And then the red light went on.
I was just like, ah.
Well, the reason we're talking about this
and the reason I really respect all those people
like the James Duthys,
like anybody who's able to just like,
they're like looking at the teleprompter.
Their face is perfect.
They have good hand gestures.
They make everyone feel comfortable.
That is like a craft to do that, right?
And not get nervous.
I get nervous before these fucking podcasts.
There's three of you looking at me.
A couple of other roster notes here before we close up.
Zach Bogosian was sent to Rochester of the AHL after Buffalo put him on waivers.
The 29-year-old defenseman will be UFA after this season,
but he's in Rochester right now.
The Bruins signed defenseman Jeremy Lazon to a two-year contract extension
through the 21-22 season with an annual cap hit of 850,000.
He's a nice little player.
I'm sure fans are happy with that signing.
And let's see. Hey, did you know that 75 of us are walking around every day in life
chronically dehydrated? We are suffering needlessly from frequent headaches,
energy slumps, and poor focus. And you know what? It doesn't have to be this way.
Hydrant creates flavored electrolyte packets you mix directly into your water to make hydrating
your body easy and delicious. Each rapid hydration mix has the four essential electrolytes your body
needs. Sodium, potassium, magnesium, and zinc help you hydrate quickly and stay hydrated all day.
And hydrant is backed by research. The formula was developed by Oxford scientists to provide
perfectly balanced,
efficient hydration. There's no synthetic colors or artificial sweeteners. The formula is vegan as well, so you can choose between three different flavors or a variety pack. Hydrant start at just
a buck a packet for a 30-day supply. You can save even more with a monthly subscription.
And for 25 off your first order, go to drinkhydrant.com
and enter the promo code CHICKLETS at checkout.
That's drinkhydrant.com, like a fire hydrant,
and enter the promo code CHICKLETS for 25 off your first order.
Drinkhydrant.com, enter the promo code CHICKLETS.
All right, boys, we wind it up here soon.
Biz, were you able to catch the Oscars last Sunday night
to see R.A. win some big bucks or what?
Yeah.
Listen, I might get hammered for this.
The cream and the coffee, yeah, I could get where people are like,
dude, I want fucking cream on my coffee.
Stop bitching at me.
I like this speech.
That was a tough example of making maybe some sacrifices
in order to save this earth.
But I like him.
I like Joaquin Phoenix, and I was happy for him.
Okay, I was curious who you were talking about.
I didn't know if you made him up or Bong Joon-ho.
You didn't talk about this?
No, no.
I figured most people would have already saw it cause it was all over online
that, um, you know, Joaquin Phoenix, you know,
he went up there and kind of did what we talked about and harped on, you know,
being better for the planet. Like even he said something about what calves being
taken from their mothers and yeah, about my calves were taken.
Um, parasite just swooped everything up. I'm going to be actually watching it tonight after this. About my calves were taken.
Parasite just swooped everything up.
I'm going to be actually watching it tonight after this.
I can't wait for your opinion.
Yeah, so we started watching it today, and then I couldn't really concentrate because, of course, all this stuff was going down with Carcillo.
But we're going to sit down afterward now that it's off my chest.
And listen, you have been hyping this thing up,
and you won a lot of people some money, didn't you?
I did.
I mean, I had been talking it up since it first started.
It was 4-1 when it opened.
It was minus 200 by the time they actually read the category.
And, yeah, I got a couple handfuls of tweets of people thanking me
for giving them the winner.
And, yeah, on top of that, I know I not only enjoy making people money
on very rare occasions lately, but also I not only enjoy making people money rare,
very rare, rare occasions lately, but also I love turning people on the great movies. That's I
actually get a pleasure from that. So for people to say thanks for the recommendation, the best
movie I've seen in years. That's that's pretty cool, man. So I really hope you dig it. Hey,
speaking of you've been cold, this only means at some point you're going to catch fire.
It's going to happen.
It's maybe hopefully playoffs, and I'm going to be there to reap the rewards.
Because that's gambler's life.
You go cold, you get hot.
I also had to address a bunch of people who wrote me questions,
both the Pink Whitney being more pink now.
I love saying that.
So what happened was a lot of the bottles that you guys see that are clear
and kind of losing their color, they figured out that if it was in the sun,
I guess like the actual color, like whatever makes it the alcohol pink,
was like, I don't know, disappearing.
So they fixed it.
So now the new batch is even more pink.
It's just attacking you.
Well, here's what they did, though, is they coated the bottle
so the sun can't get in.
But it looks even  I think it's even more pink.
These new bottles in Manitoba, my second home, Winnipeg,
Witte and Winnipeg, they're pink as
Yeah, they look good.
As a flamingo biz yeah they look
phenomenal so many people said that there was differences and they had questions so i think
that good news is tastes exactly the same though so if you do get an older bottle it doesn't doesn't
change the taste oh no i still have the older version of the bottle so some people are like
oh my god like what's in there i think it's because they don't use a lot of these.
I don't think there's a ton of preservatives in it to keep it that pink color,
which is probably a good thing.
Yeah, guys shouldn't be complaining about too much pink.
Someone also sent me like a video.
I like that one.
A pink Whitney party at Alabama, some bar in Alabama that looks bananas.
Pink Whitney being thrown around, shot,
shot, shot. It's a college shot.
Oh, I loved it. It looked so
fun. What do you got for us, Grinnell?
I was going to say, I'm just proposing
you guys sending me on college campuses
all around the country just to
go to these Pink Whitney parties. I think it'd be some
great content. Misogynist.
Fuck, yeah.
Don't, let's not, hey, fuck.
Let's not even get going on that. You don't
agree with me. So I hate
you. Oh, boys.
Any final notes that you want
to address? Are we
all set? No. Nice.
Peace. Alright, have a great week
everybody. And as always, we
want to give a hearty thank you to our awesome
sponsors and hope you loyal listeners have taken full advantage of the great deals that we get offered by folks like
game time. Need some tickets? Check out game time. They'll hook you up. You're going to be coming to
the Pond Hockey Tournament. You want to check out some Bud Light Salsa. If you're not coming to the
Pond Hockey Tournament, you definitely want to check out some Bud Light Salsa as well. Looking
to hire somebody new, check out Zip Recruiter. And also a big thank you to Hydrant.
Hopefully you're checking them out as well.
And we got one final song.
This one is a personal song that's going to go out to a dear friend of the family,
my family, Sally Woods.
It's one of my good friends' mom.
She passed away Friday.
She was a great woman.
Everybody in the town loved her.
So I just want to give her a little bit of a small send-off
here. So Sally Woods,
we love you, we miss you,
and you're the best.
By the old canal.
I kiss my girl by the factory wall.
Dirty old town, dirty old town.
Clouds are drifting across the moon
Cats are prowling on their feet
