Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 246 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Well, we got trades galore to get to.
You get a defenseman, and you get a defenseman, and you get a defenseman.
It's like fucking Oprah Winfrey over here, Ben.
It's pretty wild stuff. We'll get to that in in a bit let's say hi to the boys first the producer
mikey granelli all fired up for namsha this weekend very excited for the pawn hockey tournament ra and
i got a text message from gm bisonette about an hour ago a huge huge name may have just been added
to the barstool sports pawn hockey roster it's not my position to announce that name i'll let biz do that at a later time but the boys are buzzing right now i'll say that all right next
up we go to the wit dog uh looks like another hotel i believe you're back on another golf
junket if i'm not mistaken oh boy am i ever witty in florida's back in action i'm back
state of florida in tampa bay but first guys, I have been waiting to talk to you all day
because I saw one of the most outrageous, amazing moves of all time on an airplane.
I had a 7 a.m. flight, okay?
We didn't take off until 7.50.
It had something with the bags loading.
The worst thing is getting on the plane and sitting there.
I got on at 6.30.
I sat on the plane for over an hour and a half.
It was a nightmare.
Either way, we finally land. And as I stand up, I'm fourth row, extra leg room.
Thank you. I hear like people like, hey, move, get out of the way. She's got to catch a flight.
She's got to catch a flight. Hey, hold on. She's got to catch a flight. I'm like, oh, yeah,
no problem. Obviously, she's flying up to me. It was like the seas parted for this woman.
And it was very, like, awesome.
You know, this girl's got to catch a flight.
So we go down.
You know, I finally get off.
We go down the escalator.
I go in the bathroom, wash my hands.
Planes are disgusting.
So gross sitting on planes.
And I end up getting down.
I go, I went behind the main, like, you know, number eight carousel
for the luggage because I just wanted to hit the pen.
Who do I
see?
But this woman get the
fuck out of here. Dude, I
got her name. I got her name. It was Aaron.
I go, hey, what
what happened to the flight? She goes,
I didn't have a flight to catch. I just had
to get off that plane. I was flipping.
I legitimately high-fived her as hard as I've ever high-fived anyone.
I said, that's the best thing I've ever seen in my life.
You had 250 souls on that airplane busting out of your way for you to catch a flight across country.
And she's like, no, I was flipping.
That delay earlier really killed me.
I needed to get off.
Aaron, you legend.
Karma's going to get her.
Okay, so I kind of knew you were going there, but oh, man.
I couldn't believe it.
When I saw her, I'm like, no way.
No way.
Not only the bad karma, but what happens if somebody calls you out
and be like, well, what fight are you on?
And you have to like.
No, you're like, I'm in a rush.
You're asking for my fight.
Get out of my face, Joe.
He's me too.
He's me too.
Okay.
So you got to have a little bit of acting skills to pull that one off.
You have to get a little bit of a sell job.
You have to be kind of a dominant personality, I think,
where you're almost just if someone's not going to get out of the way,
you're going to bully them to get out of the way.
So also, guys, before we get into business intro,
I'm in this golf tournament this weekend.
They're setting up electronic scoreboard on the 18th green
with, like, grandstands.
This is a Gasparilla Invitational.
I'm so thankful to be here.
Palma Sia Country Club, just a sick field.
I'm a little over my skis, as they say, but I'm looking to make the cut.
Looking to make the cut.
Two rounds, and you make the cut.
Top 30 play on Saturday.
So good luck to me.
Thank you very much for listening to a little golf talk there.
And, Biz, how you been?
Well, okay, I guess I'll let R.A. throw it over to me.
Yeah, we'd love to throw it over to Biz.
And honestly, Biz, obviously you're home.
We had yet another media profile on Biz.
They all happened to come out at the same time.
No, what I really liked about it was I got a whole new perspective on not only you you but how you record it what your house looks like
because i only see you from this view so to see you from behind and seeing the episode get taped
it was fucking really like meta for my head i was like holy shit like it was like being like
john malkovich do you think that was the last piece of the puzzle to make you be buzzing like
this every episode so now you feel like you're in fact in my home so so that's why you're just you're that much more comfortable i don't i don't
know i think i've been i don't know i think i'm pretty comfortable lately but yes oh you've been
fucking questioning when i'm stroking it not only that but holy shit like you were in the locker
room when healy was putting a few off your chin and you took him like a champ i know some people
were like damn he was going in hard.
Yo, Heals is a big-time ball buster.
Like, he'll go at you.
We're not sensitive around here.
Like, we're okay.
I don't think that people complaining were ever in locker rooms.
I don't know.
Oh, okay.
If R.A. was mad, it would have been an issue.
I saw so many tweets what a prick
what a prick like if you were in the room you would have seen how these chirps were going down
i don't know i mean maybe people are just sensitive sensitive little baby all right you were loving
them like any kind of like giggling and shit i mean i felt i had a tweet about it because i i had
so many people bringing it up i'm like i don't want people thinking he was a dickhead because
he wasn't we just he was a ball buster and I'm a ball buster.
And, you know, cause like he,
I even asked him about like game seven where you shit in your pants.
If I can Rick the pulled the hammy,
I was kind of like my way of getting back at him.
But like, Oh, that's a soft jab.
You're not, you're too nice.
You know, and he knew, and he knew, and he gave you a little shot back.
Exactly.
You know, it was like a fucking fun day.
It was like psychological terrorism to each other. You know, it was like a fucking fun day. It was like psychological terrorism to each other.
You know, it was fun.
I thought I was the wizard the whole time.
So, you know, I only knew who Biz was.
Wait, wait.
Is it your birthday?
It's my birthday, guys.
Happy fucking birthday.
But you know how I know that?
My girlfriend, Katie, she was talking to Breed today.
They were DMing.
Oh, I love that.
Hey, they're back in the wives lounge.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
They're like, what did he do last night?
I think it's crazy.
How old are you?
37.
37.
I remember when I was in college, I met this.
I was like my dad's boy.
I remember who it was.
The guy was 37, and I was at B.
I was like, that's old as shit.
And now I don't know why I remember. The guy was 37. I remember being like. I was like, that's old as shit. And now I don't know why I remember.
Like, it was the guy was 37.
I remember being like, wow, that's kind of getting up there.
But now I'm here.
I feel young, though, dude.
I feel young at heart.
I really do.
Well, I was looking.
I thought the miracle of on ice anniversary is Saturday.
And I was like, I'm the only one of the guys who was alive when that
actually happened, because obviously the oldest of the crew.
But you guys are right.
Humble brag.
Yeah.
They're celebrating in Vegas.
Did we discuss this last episode?
No, but I actually just talked to you.
Yerouzioni?
Yerouzioni, and he mentioned to me that they're all out there at Vegas.
And then I think the BU guys, Craig Silk, Yerouzioni, and Jack O'Callaghan,
they're all coming back to BU.
I think they're getting numbers retired or something special
for the 40th anniversary. Miracle was
on the other day.
If you have never
seen hockey or even heard of hockey,
I don't see how you couldn't like
that movie. Maybe Canadians can't stand
it because it's like, holy shit, you guys
won an Olympic gold medal.
Big deal. I think they kind of trip us a little for that.
Well, I think the joke is we have 20s like like we didn't get a fucking disney
movie you know i know it just goes so beyond that and the movie shows kind of exactly that's like a
hardcore canadian talking i'm down with it i love it oh yeah rick what's up rick we haven't talked
in a while so i think that having that movie on and seeing the speech again and like,
I just, man,
when they show her Brooks running down the hallway by himself and fist pumping, like in silence, you know, when you're just so fucking,
you're like, ah, and, and I, I, I started crying.
I said, that's the sickest thing ever. And especially now he's, he's not,
you know, he passed away tragically. So great story. Hopefully we're going to get Yerusi Uwuni on.
The issue is he's not in Boston when we're there, so it kind of sucks.
But we got some other great ones lined up.
And honestly, Kurt Russell, he deserved the nomination for that.
It's just he was in the type of movie like Disney sports movies,
not the types of movies that produce Oscar candidates typically.
And I think that was a preconceived notion about that.
But he certainly was worthy of a nomination
that year because that was one of his best performances of all
time. 100 and this is
no shot at any at what the movie
I'm going to mention here because I love this film
but Miracle cannot be compared to like
Angels in the Outfield you know what I mean
I know that they're both Disney sports movies
right right
but that was Arne
you're being a hater
no I'm actually
being a lover i'm saying that r is completely right that like that movie wasn't it wasn't a
goofy sports movie you know it was it was the story i get you i get you i was just i was just
trying to stick up which biz do you want to know something crazy that game was on tape delay okay
here okay hear me out oh because it's because it was a real event, would you put it in line with, like,
what's the one with the dog in the backyard?
Sandlot.
Oh, Sandlot's a classic, man.
But if I'm going to get roasted for this,
but I like Miracle More.
It's solely because I played hockey,
but I can also admit Sandlot is an all-timer.
All right.
Wendy Peppercorn, dude.
Oh, in the pool, the fake? fake wince ended up marrying her and having
like 17 kids i think just dumping loads uh what have we even talked about hockey yet no we haven't
because you know there's a lot of fun shit but no i wanted to go back to that piece they did on
your biz i thought that was another well done piece that and and i love how when they bleep
out swear that was on what the cbc right that's like the They barely even, like, they don't even beep the swears.
They just turn the volume down a little
so you can totally still tell what they're saying.
It's hilarious.
It's like they don't even mute it or anything.
I don't know.
I thought that was pretty funny.
I liked seeing you.
You were, like, lighting up a joint,
and they just had it, like, all black.
It was kind of artsy.
I respect that.
Big thank you to Ian and crew from the CBC National.
You guys can check that out.
I ended up tweeting it out, well, today, which is what?
What day is it?
Wednesday.
Wednesday.
So I tweeted out Wednesday, and I thank him,
and you can click on the YouTube link, and boom.
And actually, we dropped one more YouTube video
to our Spit and Chicklets channel as well.
It just kind of summarized the whole time in St. Louis.
You get a little peek in between uh
each guy that we interviewed you can get you get to see them you get to see the layout so
if you want to check it out it's a summary of what went down and we still have a few of those
interviews coming up uh one of which today have we announced our guy yet actually no we haven't
the twister tony twist well This guy is definitely a character.
He was almost like an old school WWF character in summary, guys,
because of the era he played in.
Plus, he came in with his dog, which I believe was our first dog interview as well.
He was definitely a piece of work.
We'll be bringing him on a little bit later.
There was a point in that interview when Grinnelli said,
like, dude, I think your dog needs to eat or go to the bathroom.
He's like, no, it's fine. He was like Griswold's cousin or whatever uh what's his name cousin Eddie
cousin he was cousin Eddie so we have to describe this because I don't know how well it happens in
the midst of this interview because it was so crazy so he he brought this like fist that he
made out of out of of a plastic material.
I still don't know what that was about.
Well, I think he brought it in to make a joke as soon as the podcast started that he had this thing, but it's like, hey, nobody can see it.
We're recording on audio, not video.
Although maybe when it comes out, you'll be able to see it on our YouTube channel.
But very interesting guy.
And when I say this guy doesn't give a fuck, like that's
the epitome of someone who just like doesn't
give a fuck. So he lets it fly.
Doesn't he have a windshield
replacement company he mentioned where he lives
outside of St. Louis? I think that's what he
told me. And just thick as
a refrigerator. Oh my God.
He's a unit. Well, absolute
unit. So I think everyone will enjoy that
off the top of my head, what else?
Oh, trades.
I was just going to say, I still get calls about getting my windshield fixed.
And I don't know if he's fucking with me or not,
but once a week I'm getting a call from a number from St. Louis.
It's like, Tony Twist, windshield shop, you need your windshield fixed?
And I'm like, no, sorry, this is like the first time you've called.
I don't need my windshield fixed. He's like, I don sorry, this is like the third time you called. I don't need my windshield fixed.
He's like, I don't even have a couch.
Of course I don't have a windshield.
9,001, it's fucking Foley calling and fucking trying to set him up.
That is probably exactly who it is.
Man, Foles, talk about what happened to Foles.
God, the attempt with us, man, just buried him.
Come on, Foles.
Where are you coming back?
I think he lost his fastball.
You're down in a dungeon just throwing at 85 with no movement, bud.
I think he might have jumped the shot when he started releasing statements
like Team Portnoy calling him Team Fole.
He might have got a little big head there for half a second there.
Damn.
I like the statement.
Only at the top, Foles.
Oh, shit. All right all right well like we said there
was a bunch of trades uh shitload of them and i would say one of the more uh sought after names
on the market in the lead up to the deadline has been king's forward tyler to foley and he ended
up in a spot i don't think too many people had him going which often happens in these things and
he went to vancouver as the connects plop their nuts on the table and said we're gonna make a run
at it this year and i don't't mean that as a diss to Vancouver.
They just were just so used to not having them be a big presence at the
trade deadline.
So they come in and they get a guy like fucking Toffoli who can make a
difference in the playoffs.
The Kings in return got forward Tim Schaller.
He's a pending UFA.
Present Northeast, the new Husky stud forward, Tyler Madden,
John Madden's kid.
They picked him in the third round back in 2018,
a second rounder and a conditional fourth to fully, like I said,
27 years old UFA this summer,
probably the, I could be the most sought after forward.
Were you surprised he went to Vancouver with a little bit?
I respected it. And I also,
so with Besser being out longer than they thought,
you kind of  it made a little more sense to me.
Until I read  I wish I remember who said it,
but somebody mentioned that with Besser being out,
it would be almost a reason that you wouldn't have gone and traded for him
because it's tough to consider.
Correct.
It's tough to consider they're going to go on a long run.
But you know what?
Like if he re-signs there there i would be more surprised all right
but i'll say this about this guy what a difference it makes and and we and this is the same with um
the d-men that we're going to talk about in a little bit as well but the difference in going
from a team that's out of it to a team that's in the race and you get new life it's like you're
reborn and actually i wouldn't really know this,
but I can tell from talking to guys and experience
that you are in the doldrums of a year
where your team's doing horrific in LA.
You've had past success.
You've won Stanley Cups.
It's an enormous year for you
because you're a UFA this summer in Toffoli
and everything's horrible.
Well, now you're in Canada.
You're in the mix on one of the most surprising
and exciting teams in the league.
That's why I think it is a good
trade because I really think you're going to see him
play great hockey, especially with
Bestrow because he's going to get even more ice time than he would
if he were playing.
I like the move. It's a reward
to the guys that are in that room
for the year that they've had.
That's a great fucking
point, Wes, Jesus Christ.
You're a genius.
It's like, thank you.
I'm really not, but at times I can sound like one.
But I'll say this about all these trades also.
I wanted to say this before my points about Toffoli, so excuse me.
I can openly admit that when we talk about these trades,
we try to cover the whole league.
It's really hard when you're talking about different prospects
and what's going to happen and who wins the trade.
I haven't seen Toffoli play enough this year to be sure of what's going to happen.
But my point is still going to be that I really believe he's going to go there
and play well and help this team kind of go on a little bit of a run.
Who knows when you get in now?
What if Markstrom stays this hot?
What if he's just unreal and they make to the Western conference finals?
It's like, you never know when you get in this game,
you get in these playoffs, it's just anyone can go on a run.
Going back to your point about rewarding the guys in the room.
I think, I think that's, that's one, number one,
or at least one of the variables.
Things have been going really well for the Canucks this year.
You know, it's their 50th anniversary.
They had the Sedin night.
Like, you know, the atmosphere is back around there
because they were fairly dominant for a few years there.
You know, when they went on their run against Boston,
they were also very good the year before, weren't they?
I think the year before it might have even been when they won the President's Trophy.
Yeah, I mean, they were a contender for a good chunk of time.
The only thing was the fucking Blackhawks were always in their way.
Or maybe it was the year after when they got bounced in the first round
by L.A., actually.
I think they got beaten five.
But Accolini's a very hands-on owner,
and he's the one who wants that back in the fucking arena.
There's a lot of pressure he wants
to put a winner on the ice my only issue was it with it with the oh god miller i'm not gonna try
the first first jt bud jt miller i thought it was too aggressive and it was too much especially for
the team the core they have at this point i mean they could have been a little bit more patient but
no they wanted to make the playoffs this year.
They wanted that.
I counted them down and out.
I didn't think they would make the playoffs to begin with
even after that move.
Well, now after Besser goes down,
I'm thinking the same thing.
All right, now it's just like, hey, if it doesn't happen,
it doesn't happen.
But now they end up fucking making that move.
They might have overpaid a little bit
and i think that's the type of move you make when you like know you're like you're one guy away from
from having the team i still don't think this is a team i'm i'm gonna i'm gonna say i don't think
they go anywhere and i hope they prove me wrong because i counter them out from the beginning of
the season i didn't think they would make the playoffs. Now they're in a fucking race for the Pacific division.
But if they don't like, if they don't fucking make playoffs, dude,
that's like such a letdown.
You gave up a lot of assets in order to do so.
That'll be, that'll be, that could be an issue.
I think they're going to get in though.
It's crazy. Cause think about every team in the Pacific.
Think of how much pressure there is on John Chiker right now.
And I hate to fucking bring it back to the coyotes, but this is a shot.
No, because it's, it's a significant player with, with hall.
Like what happens if you lose a couple before the deadline here?
And like,
you're on the outside looking in and you have this asset that you don't know
if it's coming back next year, chances are he may not. Right.
Do you like, if you miss playoffs and you kept that you
could have gotten back better return than what you paid for him to get him in the same way yeah
the canadians just got more of a scandela than they gave out i here's the thing go ahead well
i was just gonna say i i like to foley he gets to reunite with pearson so he slides right in that
locker room similar to the way clifford and Jack got to do with Muzzy,
which seems to be with every fucking former King guy
going to somewhere where there's a former King guy in McNabb.
It's crazy.
Like, every team's getting a King guy who has a King guy.
Pretty cool.
Toffoli ended his career as a King, though,
with a hat trick in the outdoor game.
So, nice little memory for a Stanley Cup winner
and a guy that Kings fans will remember pretty much forever
after you see him win one of your two.
But I hope the Canucks proved me wrong, as I was saying.
I thought it was a bit of a gnarly move, given their circumstances,
but everything's been going well up until this point.
Hey, man, fucking roll the dice.
And right now they're sitting 15th, so it's not like it's a lottery pick.
You know, it's a middle-of-the-pack first-round pick,
and that could get even lower as the season goes on.
And I believe we have discussed it.
If they do make playoffs, that first-rounder gets bumped back to next year, right?
I think that's the way the trade worked out.
No, on the Toffoli trade, you mean?
No, no, excuse me. On the previous one. No, on the Toffoli trade, you mean? No, no, excuse me.
On the previous one.
On the previous one.
No, because there was a condition.
The fourth rounder on the Toffoli trade was conditional.
Basically, if he stays in Vancouver, then L.A. gets a fourth rounder in 2022.
Also, too, Madden's kid, he's tied for fourth in points
and tied for third in goals in the country.
This kid, he's a pretty high prospect.
And as of right now, the Canucks do not have a pick
in this summer's draft before the third round.
So they don't even have a pick in the first two rounds this year.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, no, you've been right all along.
They're leveraging pretty hard for a team that is not built
to win a Stanley Cup right now.
I don't know if they're built to get out of the first round.
And I hope they shove it up my hoop, but I don't think they will.
All right, we shall see.
That wasn't the only move the Kings made,
as they also unloaded a guy who holds a huge spot in team history
because he scored the 2014 Cup clincher in double OT
of game five versus the Rangers, defenseman Alec Martinez.
They traded him to division rival Vegas for two second rounders,
one in 2020 and one in 2021 that previously belonged to St. Louis.
Martinez still has another year after this one at 4 million,
and he has, let's see, a goal and seven assists in 41 games this year.
The Kings now have eight picks in the first four rounds,
including three in the second, kind of the opposite of Vancouver.
And I mentioned Martinez scored the cup winner back in 14.
Well, that goal was assisted by Tyler Toffoli and Kyle Clifford,
and now all three guys have been traded.
No way.
Look at that.
Little, little, nice little cherry on top of that nugget.
ARA?
I try.
Hey, you know what?
Yeah, so the Kings run, it's been over for, you know,
since obviously a couple years, but they got two, man.
They had a core, and they got two. man. They had a core and they got two.
It sucks now,
but it just seemed to go a little
bit quicker, their window
to win, but they still...
Those two teams that win, the one...
Was it the first year that they just ran through
everyone? Oh, my God.
That was the year they beat us in the conference finals.
Yeah, it was the most dominant. They were the conference finals. 16-3, I think, right? Yeah, it was the most dominant.
And they were the eighth seed.
They were like a freight train.
How does the eighth seed dummy the entire league in the Stanley Cup playoffs?
That's feng shui.
They came together at the perfect time.
Feng shui.
So, Alec Martinez has kind of suffered from injuries the past two years.
I'm kind of just looking up numbers, reading a little bit about him on the plane this morning.
Another guy, though, that I think you put him on a better team,
his numbers are going to go up.
I don't know if he'll play a ton of power play.
I don't think maybe second unit, but he still is able to.
Two years ago, he was second in ice time for the Kings.
I mean, 23 minutes a game.
So you know that's not that far off.
Now, the injuries, they're not super significant.
I think this year he had to deal with surgery.
He had his wrist cut.
But a puck-moving defenseman that can hop in the lineup
and just slot guys down.
We say it all the time.
It's about getting somebody that's just a little bit better
than someone in the position right now that you need a little bit of an upgrade.
Now you've got Martinez.
He goes in.
And I think he'll play 20 minutes a game for them.
I love him. And I talked about it earlier.
He gets to slide into a locker room where he's comfortable with a guy.
He's experienced, and that was like one little piece that I think
personally, I think they're the best team right now as far as makeup
and identity, especially if they can get even a little bit better
to win
the Pacific.
Like they got some fucking, I mean, they got some sick players on their team and now they
got another very competent, I would say he's a top four defenseman, right?
That's fair.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, you know, they're bringing a winner into the locker room and they got better and they
didn't cost anybody today.
And it's such a, it's such a little boost to the locker room
when you pick up one little piece at the deadline.
Right, Wade?
Is that a fair statement?
It's just kind of exciting.
You start thinking about where he's going to play.
Now, I won't say it's exciting for every guy
because obviously there's just somebody who takes a little step back
when guys come in.
But I remember when we got Marion Hossa in Pittsburgh.
It was so shitty.
We lost Colby Armstrong, Eric Christensen.
Guys we were really good friends with.
And I was this pigeon the next year.
But just having like being in a room and Hossa shows up.
He actually got injured in the first game.
It took him a little while to get healthy.
But then you just saw like, oh, my God.
We just brought in one of the best players in the league.
You know, Biz, you start watching him like, oh, what's his pregame routine?
Yeah, what's he do? What's he do?
Hose was just a straight up horse. I don't remember
well enough. I remember he wore these Crocs
though in the shower. They might have been yellow.
I remember looking. I'd look at his legs like Grinelli
was looking at Torrey Crooks. The guy was just
a complete freak of nature and
the nicest dude of all time. But like you said,
when you bring in a deadline
acquisition, not saying Alec Martinez is
anywhere close to Marion Hosta in terms of
additions at the deadline, but it's
exciting. And guys just want to get
to know the new guy.
We're not done yet. The
Shocks traded defenseman Brendan Dillon to
the Caps for a 2020 second
round pick, originally from Colorado,
in a conditional third rounder in
2021. dylan's
got a goal and 13 assists in 59 games the 29 year old he'll be ufa this summer uh san jose retained
half of his uh 3.27 million dollar cap it and in the event washington wins the cup the caps will
give san jose this gets so confusing the caps will give san jose arizona's third round pick in 2020
instead of washington's third round pick in 2020 instead of washington's
third round pick in 2021 oh my god i wonder who comes up with these conditional things man
it's like biz smoke like three bones and like comes up with that's why i could never be a gm
i mean there's a lot of reasons why i couldn't but that's like the first test like i what
conditions you think conditioner conditioners i wish you hadn't corrected yourself and said there's a lot of reasons
why you couldn't be because I really was just going to drop something funny.
You're right.
There's a lot of reasons you couldn't be a GM.
Fuck you.
I forget what we were talking about.
It's a similar situation.
Brendan Dillon here.
Team loading up, getting better defensively without losing anybody.
Let's go to the viral video that went out on Twitter, dude.
That kind of got me going, man.
You remember how much you love those guys in the locker room,
and they're your family.
And he's been there for a while.
And keep in mind, that locker room in particular, that's a tight group.
Papa Joe, everybody's close there.
So, very sad.
Now some of you fans
can get a better look as to there's way more
that goes to the business.
But that's a
good pickup for Wash. Really like it, man.
They're a frontrunner now too.
I've talked to a couple guys who played
with Brennan Dillon and said just
a beloved teammate. And you can
see why when you see that video and you
hear how much everything
mattered to him and just the thought the thought of that being his last game with those guys i
think that that question just when he actually really put to put put the question to his mind
said oh i am gonna get traded he probably knew and then right away you realize like
these these guys have been my family and and now it's kind of over. And it just shows how meaningful this game is to every guy who plays it,
whether you're in the NHL or whether you're in the East Coast League.
Your teammates are your brothers or your sisters with women.
And when you think of actually leaving them,
especially a group that's been through a lot, it can be heartbreaking.
Now, also, though, it's like you get to the new spot and you're just
you don't forget about the guys in san jose but you're fired up to hop right in in washington
um if you're picking top three cup favorites are they in are they in there for you guys
yes yeah so so who are the other two um boston i would say st louis right now louis little repeat yeah yeah yeah the champs so that
man that bowmeister oh god that is he is such a fucking that he's just like so is that rude to
like bring him up like that no no it's a tough loss it is that's a big one that's a big one so
so that might change my mind on that. I mean, Christ, Boston.
Or no, Tampa.
Tampa is rolling right now.
I think I'm Tampa.
I think I'm  I don't want to  I can't take
I can't not take a team from the West,
but it does seem Tampa, Boston, Washington.
I don't know.
The East is better.
I mean, you know, Holpe, you know, he's fucking going to get a dunk
on playoff time.
They know how to win where it was before, you know.
That was their bugger boot.
Hey, we, the Coyotes played them the other night,
and not only do they play with a great pace,
they have the guys making plays.
Ronta stole one for us, but they play heavy.
They out hit us two to one.
Like, they're not fucking around.
They're going out in there and throwing the weight around,
and then the next game they end up playing the islanders oh man the islanders play a dirty
game oh buddy yeah that's that's one where you have a little bit a couple more ice bags on
afterward they give the little the little cross checks they play very very very heavy they're
very physical uh if there's a that's like a playoff-built team. No easy wins against them.
Yep. Teams plucking
UFAs to be, particularly
defensemen. That's been the theme this week, and it
continued as the Jets picked up
Dylan DeMello from the Senators
for a third rounder in 2020.
The Sens talk about looking good in the
future, now own two first
rounders, three second rounders, and
two third rounders in the upcoming draft.
As for DeMello, he's also, like I just said, a pending UFA.
He'll be 27 in May.
He's only making 900K this year,
so that's another cheap pickup by a team showing up for the fucking defensive run.
And like a fantasy draft, a run on defensemen continued
as the blue snag soon-to-be 30-year-old
defenseman Marco Scandella from Montreal.
In return, the Habs got a 20-20 second round, a 20-21 conditional fourth.
I won't read the conditions.
Let's see, Scandella's got four goals, eight assists in 51 games this year.
The Habs also picked up half of the money he's owed.
He's going to help out in the penalty kill.
And J-Bo was leading the Blues in ice time on the penalty kill,
two minutes, 38 seconds per game.
So Scandella will help out here.
And this was nice work by Bergevin, too,
because they have just obtained him like a pardon.
Yeah, the whopper Bergevin.
Can we take that over?
Bergevin.
Can I get a Bergevin with extra sauce get a burger van with extra sauce?
That's my skull.
Bergevin.
Anyways, yeah, he got skinned a month ago from Buffalo for a fourth,
and then he upgraded that fourth to a second
and possibly another fourth as well.
So sharp move there.
Let's go to you, Biz.
What's your take on either of these moves?
I was going to say the trash bucket sandwich.
We should name it the Berger van.
The Berger van.
We'll serve it from the side of the Berger van.
Yeah, I don't know.
You forgot to mention that Ottawa picked up Mel Gibson, too.
I don't know if you guys saw.
He was hanging out with Melnick in the box.
What the hell was that?
That guy, ever since that.
Didn't he have, like, an anti-Semitic brand?
Oh, my God.
He's done, right?
I don't think he's been in a movie since.
No, he's made fucking movies.
Oh, two episodes in a row now we're talking about this?
No, he's not done it by any stretch.
Oh, Mel Gibson's still in movies?
Yeah, man, yeah.
Give me a recent one.
Oh, yeah. He's still doing his thing.
I mean, not like
shit bomb movies. I can't think of one off the top of my head.
I know he made one with Sandler, though.
A Sandler movie. I'll look it up
in the meantime. But no, it's not like he got
fucking, you're thinking Hollywood after what he said.
He hasn't been the same since
that. Maybe he's just lost his mind completely along with being a scumbag.
Yeah, I think his father was a real fucking lunatic
and fucking caused him a lot of fucking trauma.
He really got off the rails.
Sorry about that, guys.
Hey, you brought him up.
Hey, was he a condition?
No, he was a condition.
Yeah, if Mel Gibson makes any anti-Ssemitic statements then the draft pick becomes a fourth
runner in 2022 um well all right that might be the funniest thing you've ever said on this podcast
that is fucking hilarious 10 out of 10 bravo um the other thing about it is all those defensemen went.
There's going to be way more, though.
The defense is not nearly done with in terms of teams acquiring guys.
Sammy Vatanen will go somewhere.
He's hurt right now.
That's the only thing.
So I don't know.
Team's got to figure out when he's going to be back.
I mean, you can't trade for a guy if you're not going to get him
until three games before the playoffs.
You're trading for him for the final stretch.
So I don't know what will happen there.
Another guy, the other night I watched Hainsey.
He's played pretty  she played 25 minutes the other night, right?
The older guy knows what it takes to win.
I mean, I think that somebody will go out and get him.
And then I think there will be some surprising moves with guys with term.
And you keep hearing the name,
the names in Minnesota,
Jonas Brodine and Matt Dumba.
You got to think that Minnesota is going to want a ton for,
for those guys.
I mean,
they have,
they have term Brodine is one of the best defensive defensemen in the
league.
He,
nobody knows about him.
Dude is,
dude is very efficient and he doesn't have to play overly physical to do it.
And Dumba's dynamic. So I don't know.
Minnesota, I don't think they're dying
to trade them, but they're listening. They need offense.
So I think there's going to be a lot more defensemen
to be on the move before Monday.
I'll tell you one thing, boys. The facts guy at
NHL headquarters must be tucking out after
all these deals. So he ought to refuel with
the deadline on Monday. He's going to
want a little dunk and go-to's. He can get a great deal on two of his favorites right now with dunkin go-to's
you get a great deal like two egg and cheese wraps for two dollars two bagels with cream
cheese spread for four dollars and two bacon egg and cheese croissants for five dollars in my
opinion it's a pretty tough deal to beat that's just my go-to sense you can take it or leave it
but you should probably take it. Dunkin' Go-To
is a great deal for 2, 4, or 5
because everyone knows America
runs on Dunkin'. Participation may
vary. Limited time offer. Exclusions
apply. And don't forget, if you're
coming up to Lakewood and Pasaki this weekend,
Chiclets in Boston, we're going to be hanging out.
Get there nice and early so you get a little
breakfast, little dunks, little munchkins.
We had them up at Harlem last week.
Haven't had munchkins since I was a kid.
Those things are still great.
Once again, where there's hockey, there's dunking,
and there's going to be hockey and dunking.
I've won a Pesaki this weekend.
All right, boys, a couple other notes.
We did mention Jay Bormoista.
He officially went to a long-term injury reserve.
That allows the Blues to make any formal moves as far as money.
Seven to 10 days before any announcement on his future is going to be made,
but he did issue a statement.
I can read it here.
I would sincerely like to thank all of the trainers from both St.
Louis and Anaheim, as well as the first responders,
the Anaheim medical staff and team at UCI Medical Center for their quick
actions on February 11th.
Our family has felt the support of the entire NHL family and the city of St. Louis during this time.
We have all been greatly comforted by a genuine concern.
On Sunday evening, I returned to St. Louis and I am on the road to recovery.
My wife and daughters are forever grateful for everyone's support,
and we will continue to have a positive outlook for our future.
So nice to hear that J-Bo's home.
He'll be resting comfortably.
And, you know, who knows, man, you know, the way medical science is today.
If he's back skating again, you never know.
But either way, we're happy to hear he's home.
Moving on to some other games.
Tuesday night, man, the Leafs, they're struggling.
They got pummeled by the Penguins 5-2.
And it drew some interesting comments from various corners of the hockey world uh starting with their coach uh he said you have a team over
there in pittsburgh that's built the championship culture and what's acceptable and we're not there
that is something the inexperience but we also have some very experienced players that should
be more than capable of leading the way now you can look at the Toronto roster, and there's not a lot of players who qualify as very experienced
and who haven't been producing.
And I think you can deduce who he's talking about on that team.
I mean, he's not naming anybody, but what do you think, Biz?
I mean, it sounds like a shot at Tavares.
I mean, I don't think it's fucking Spezza he's yelling at
who's making 700 grand and chipping in here and there you know
guys you know i don't like hammering on young guys and and even really anyone they're just not
getting it done right now um i mean christ if you want to know how i like deep down would feel if i
if i cared enough if the leafs won like i said if i was like a hardcore fan listen to O-Dog's rant I mean O-Dog's one of the best
in the business and
he's got not only credibility but he's got
fire too I mean do you want
to just play the clip? Yeah fire it up
they have no identity
5 on 5 what's their identity
Pittsburgh is they got Crosby
and Malkins who are elite players
and they work and they get wins and they
do the job.
Toronto doesn't work.
They don't outwork you.
They don't out-hit you.
They don't do anything.
They can score off the rush.
They can score in transition.
They can score in the power play.
But what is their identity?
They don't really have one.
There's playing to win.
And I told you yesterday about my dad's comments,
saying they're paid to win games.
They're not paid to go out there and throw their sticks out there and say,
maybe I'll get two goals and maybe I'll get 50.
They're paid for wins.
And I know the alumni, it's an honor to put on a jacket and go in there.
But I talk to them when you go in there.
And the one thing that they hate saying is, man, they're talented,
but they don't really work.
Like, they're just
And by the way, Coach, he should be held accountable too.
He goes on there, and I like the accountability.
It's big boy stuff.
You can go on there and say, these guys suck tonight.
If their goal is to be embarrassed, they pick that out too.
But he lets them go out there and play like that.
They'll get dummied six to two, and they'll be god-awful in their own zone.
And the next day, there's Lady Gaga playing on the music system, and they'll be god awful in their own zone and the next day there's lady gaga
playing on the music system and they have skill development change the way they play if they're
going out there and continually playing like that i don't get it well how many times can you say
about a professional team they suck in their own zone they're talented enough to play better than
that yeah you played on a team in minnesota zero talent, just a hardworking bunch of guys.
But when you went into Minnesota, unlike Atlanta,
who just sucked from top to bottom,
you had to beat them 2-1 or 3-1.
That's the only way you beat the Minnesota Wild.
But the coach decides how the team plays.
And he wants to be accountable after the game.
That's great.
Call out the players.
Go ahead.
But the way they go out and play on the ice,
have some balls and bench one of those guys that make 11 million.
If Mitch Marner's going out there being an idiot with backhand passes
and stupid plays and turning the puck, bench him.
You can't win games like that.
It is not a skills competition during NHL game time.
And every coach that coaches in the league, they say one thing.
Well, it's a competitive league.
It's a competitive league.
Hard to win.
Hard to win.
And you can't go out there and play like that.
Let me tell you this.
For free.
I know every single listener right now is disgusted as I am
that we haven't had him and he hasn't been on Spittin' Checklist.
What a rant.
I mean, that is like, it's not easy to go on rants.
People think, oh, yeah, your rant sucked.
Your rant sucked.
That wasn't a great one.
Why don't you try doing a rant?
O-Dog just went off script from his heart and unloaded on a team that needed it.
Like he was paying for season tickets.
But he's talking about alumni and he's talking about, I think,
I actually don't know this, but is he from Toronto?
He probably grew up a Leafs fan.
He's from King City.
Okay, so he's doing a great job describing what,
you know who else called this a long time back?
The human buffalo himself, Ovi.
Remember what he said?
Yeah.
They have to decide.
And at the time, it didn't cause an issue at all
because people said he was able to discuss it
because that's exactly what the Capitals dealt with.
They did this.
Although the Capitals were winning President's Trophies
and then flaming out.
The Leafs are so inconsistent.
And he talks about their own end.
Dude, go watch Crosby's goal.
He had a goal and three assists, by the way, four points.
Hey, Zucker looked really good on that line, too.
Yeah, Zucker's wife had a funny-ass tweet.
There was a tweet that said, find someone that looks at you the way that Zucker looks at Crosby.
And then she retweeted and said, someday.
Because it's slow motion after Sid gives him a tap. you the way that uh zucker looks at crosby and then she retweeted and said someday because he
just it's it's slow motion after sid gives him like a tap and and he's just so genuinely it's
like when i used to get second assist sitting on the bench and i'd be like oh my god sid got me a
second assist but go watch the goal and look at the defense it is so pathetic and it is guys just
not bearing down and when you talk about veterans like you think he's talking about Tavares?
Because if you look at Tavares' contract right now, it's a little scary, right?
Yeah, 10 million.
And, you know, he's not young.
And, like, so you see this team not winning.
And Morgan Riley being out, dude, that's brutal.
That is such a big loss.
So you can't just go about and say that this is their roster,
but every team's battling injuries.
I just, if you're a Leafs fan, you got to be disgusted.
And I'm wondering, like, now you hear,
Dubas, they got to fire Dubas.
Like, buddy, what was it?
It was fire Babcock.
So as long as they keep winning,
do players not really catch much of the blame there?
I feel like the young studs,
they don't really catch it or they have it until now.
I'll say to be fair though,
they have,
they have produced,
I mean,
Matthews is,
but that's the point.
It's the other side,
dude.
Right.
Right.
Well,
but then,
yeah,
it's like,
well,
if you don't also don't have any more money to spend anywhere else,
you know,
maybe the,
when you do,
you bring the wrong people in.
I mean, yeah, they've got to figure things out,
and that's a lot of pressure.
I mean, even Nylander.
Nylander's being underpaid at this point now
for what he's done so far this year.
So I don't know.
They've got to figure it out, though,
and that was an unreal rant by O-Dog.
I don't think we really need to say much out, though, and that was an unreal rant by O-Dog. I don't think we really need
to say much more.
Yeah, we can move right along.
Connor McDavid, he had his new documentary
drop, what was it,
Tuesday night on NBC down here.
I believe NBCSN, I believe it was all
over the continent up in Canada
as well. It was called Whatever
It Takes. It was about his rehab
from his knee injury and debating whether or not
to have surgery.
And it was such a huge decision, especially when you consider the long,
sad history of knee injuries at NHL potential.
It was pretty good stuff, a little peek behind the scenes.
Did you get a chance to look at it, Whit?
I know it just debuted.
I was mesmerized.
I thought it was so well done.
And some of the things that that i learned
from that i mean talk about the shock of that kid and i was very surprised he didn't get emotional
um and break down a little bit when even when even doing the recap and i guess with now being
healthy it's a little easier but just thinking back i i got emotional watching it when he's
sitting there and they show him um with the trainers from edmonton td4 is unreal dr nadeau is in that documentary great guy the edmonton training
staff's top notch some of the best uh equipment and and uh you know health-wise the best but
they're holding him he's in his arms last game of the regular season dude and he says i broke down
and you can just you can get emotional it, and especially remembering injuries and thinking that then he had to deal with
questioning 22 years old, am I ever going to be the same?
And not only that, but trying to make the decision of surgery's in two days.
Like, I have to get another opinion.
And then he gets  so he gets  the first doctor,
and we won't explain the whole thing.
The first doctor tells him, all right, you need
surgery, right? I think the guy said like, you need surgery immediately. He then gets a second
opinion and the guy says, yeah, well, I don't think you need surgery. I think you can rehab this.
Well, then you bring in Mark, Dr. Mark Lindsay, who's a genius. He lived with him and he had never
even rehabbed an injury this severe without surgery. He was used to rehabbing with guys post-surgery, post-shoulders, post-knees,
immediately getting them feeling better quicker and getting into things with rehab-wise right away as opposed to waiting.
But he said there was times that they're sitting in the waiting room doing an MRI.
I figured, do we get the surgery?
And this is now months in.
So the whole thing, you have to check it out. I cannot describe how much of a freak of a human being Connor McDavid is.
And I think by watching this, you'll kind of realize what I mean.
And I'm not just talking hockey player.
Well, Marine.
He is not from this planet.
And the drive he shows in this video and how much he cares
and the fact that there was cameras following him throughout the,
throughout all this,
this was a stressful time as his agent,
Jeff Jackson's talking about.
So just check it out.
I'm kind of spoiling it.
I feel bad,
but biz,
what else did you have on it?
I was just going to say,
what's crazy is the behind the scenes,
all these people that have went to school and learned,
you know,
about how to rehab.
And it's,
it's a whole nother level now.
Like he,
you just, just watch it. It's, it's, it's all it's a whole other level now. Like, you just watch it.
It's all around great job by the video crew who filmed it,
who edited it.
10 out of 10.
Good job.
One other note on Edmonton's roster, defenseman Oscar Kleffbaum, he's going to be out two to three weeks with a shoulder injury.
Shifting over to Vancouver, more injuries.
This is the worst part of doing this show.
There's been so fucking many of them with so many good players.
Yeah, there has.
That's another example of why I think that they need to shorten the schedule.
Guys are dropping like flies right now.
Yeah, it's tough to see, man.
In the latest Vancouver, Brock Besser, he had a rib cartilage fracture.
He's going to be out at least eight weeks.
This is obviously an inopportune time for that to happen.
And some tough news as well for the franchise.
Canucks forward Michael
Furland, he's out for the season. He was
down at the AHL at Utica.
He was on a conditioning stint, hopefully
to get back in the game. He was coming back
from a concussion. Unfortunately,
he was only able to play one period
due to the symptoms returning.
So he has to shut it
down. And obviously, you know, his career future is probably, you know,
in jeopardy with this type of situation.
It's tough to see, man.
I think he'd had a few coming in, and we talked about it
when they ended up signing him because I thought if he could be healthy
and had no more head problems that he would surpass what his contract was.
But, man, I just hope that he's not walking around in a fog all day.
I mean, if he can never play again,
at least he can enjoy time with his family and not have to be
I mean, remember we talked about Savard being in the dark room for a while?
I don't want  just fuck.
Sometimes it's just not worth it.
Yeah, absolutely.
So let's talk about some fun stuff.
I think Monday night's Tampa Bay, Colorado affair.
That was about as fun as it gets.
One might even say that was a potential Stanley Cup final preview.
Nathan McKinnon, man, he, well, they call it a reverse hit.
I thought he was almost more stealing himself for the hit from Andre Palat.
And Palat ended up putting basically his McKinnon's helmet off his face.
McKinnon did nothing dirty, but it bloodied Palat.
And then his teammates tried to come to his rescue.
Ryan Graves made sure to defend McKinnon.
It was a whole little Donnybrook, just some fucking good old-fashioned fun biz.
I know you were excited for it.
We were called OHL guys when we were walking the locker room would you call us
an ohl guy yes everyone would say that's hockey oh that's all the oh dude fucking oh is the best
if i could summarize that whole play that's hockey right there and i fucking loved i loved it for
both sides fucking rights mckinnon's allowed to do that. That's a reverse hit.
You're coming into my fucking territory.
You better fucking bend those knees, bitch.
Let's go.
It's fucking a man's sport, and I loved it.
Wow, fucking Pilat's the one who got the shit sandwich on that one.
Sometimes, guys, things are happening so quick on the ice.
Tampa Bay guys might not have even seen how it transpired,
how it was a reverse hit.
But your initial reaction when your man goes down like that,
you think maybe fucking something bad, like something dirty happened to him.
So I don't know if that was the case in that situation or he just felt that McKinnon didn't have the right to reverse hit him,
which is insane.
But in the moment, they felt the need to go after McKinnon.
And then fucking rights for Graves, not only does he they felt the need to go after mckinnon and and then and then fucking
writes for graves not only does he chase off the first guy but the first guy ends up dipping off
and then another guy comes in at him i don't i don't know the names i don't i don't need them
you can watch the clips for yourselves but but that's that this hockey's a man's fucking game
and i fucking love that shit that was look at the crowd was into it there was some passion
into that and these are two teams that know they're the top dogs no pun intended nate dog
but i i i loved it who do you think of when you think of reverse hit
oh for the for the penguins when i played there and the minors was tim wallace from alaska i was
gonna say peter forsberg but i love Wally. I know Wally.
If you had the Stewie
Griffin head, that's probably too much.
Alaska's
finest.
What a hit that was.
It was overtime winner
by Kucherov. I mean, he
burst away from McKinnon.
He had a little bit of
no momentum,
but still you see that guy take off.
And no one was quite sure if it had gone in right away,
but if that is the Stanley Cup final,
that will be one of the best ones we've ever had.
And what's amazing about it too is those  I mean, of course,
Cooch, and he's a proud guy too.
Cooch wants to be the best player in the world.
It's a cock fight, and so does McKinnon, right?
So this is a poke your chest out competition.
Like, let's go.
The juices are flowing.
So I loved it.
What a great, entertaining game.
Unfortunately, our boy Nate Dogg ends up on the shitty side of that one.
Yeah, I think the teammates probably saw the blood first,
and they reacted to that.
Because honestly, when I saw it in real time,
I thought maybe he got a reactive elbow up maybe because I saw Palat bleeding.
But obviously, upon replays, you saw that wasn't the case.
So that's probably why they got pissed off when they seen the blood.
Anyways, the Avs lost the game.
Tampa Bay extended their winning streak to 11 games to set a new franchise record.
Here's how hot Tampa is, okay?
The Bruins are 13-4 and two and the calendar year 2020 and the lightning still gained 11
points on them during that timeframe.
I know they had a couple of games in hand,
but that's still as impressive as hell.
There's no,
Boston's playing good hockey.
And then it's not like they,
they gained like five or six on them.
I mean,
it's like a huge jump while playing well.
I think,
did you say Boston's 9-0
and won their last 10?
Was that what the record was?
No, I was saying that the
Bruins in the calendar year 2020
are 13-4-2.
In that time frame, the Lightning still gained
11 points on them. Yeah, I just didn't know
if you had the last 10 stat as well
because I could have swore I was online.
Actually, they're 9-1 in their last 10.
So that's even crazier.
These guys have been going on a fucking run themselves,
and they got Tampa nipping at their heels.
Yeah, got to bite my tongue every week on this fucking show.
I'm kidding.
What's that mean?
No, because the Bruins, I always talk about the Bruins all the time.
Allegedly.
I don't think you have it.
No, I don't.
It was early on.
I would say we were probably a little Boston-centric when we started.
I mean, we were two assholes starting the podcast.
Why wouldn't we be?
Special thanks to
And you have Bobby Orr underwear.
Tattoo.
Special thanks to AtHotHeadHo for pointing out that steven stamko
scored his 420th career goal in colorado how appropriate 420 in colorado shout out to that
that's why we have our listeners we love them uh also big news the abs also lost miko ranton
after he crashed into the end boards tough to see those man those are never never good he's
going to be out for a few weeks.
He will be back for the playoffs.
No surgery required.
They also lost Philippe Grubauer, starting goaltender,
but he's set to be day-to-day.
They're already missing the Zen Kadri, Matt Calvert.
It's been rough on him lately, no doubt about that.
I don't know if I mentioned this already.
I talked to Colbe armstrong the other
day i had to congratulate him on uh his first hockey night in canada appearance oh that was
his first the other night i that's what that's what he said on the phone yeah he said he was
like nervous beforehand so congratulations to him like he's one of those guys who's been working
his way up and you know he's he's he's one of the you know the top dogs now so good for him i'm sure he's really proud of that i'm proud of him and and and happy
that he's killing it post career and by far and away the most um we need him for round two type
guy on this podcast go back and listen i don't biz were you even on the podcast when we know i
wasn't yeah so he come on army come on, Army. Come on, buddy.
You're too funny to not come on.
We need you again.
So many listeners, so many people sitting in their car right now in traffic
haven't heard you.
So please, and congrats on Hockey Night in Canada.
I think it's probably a good time to send it over to Tony Twist,
the old Twister.
But first, I want to let you know it is brought to you by Bud Light Salsa,
the delicious hot salsa from Bud Light with 100 calories and 5 alcohol.
Some of you might be used to drinking only salsas in the summer,
but if it's pond hockey season, it's Bud Light Salsa season.
And Bud Light Salsa is one of the official sponsors of pond hockey tournaments
happening this weekend in New Hampshire,
sponsoring the hottest slap shot at the event
and bringing a custom WWE-style belt for the champion.
I've seen this belt. I've seen this belt. We've both seen it. How crazy is the belt? shot at the event and bringing a custom WWE style belt for the champion.
I've seen this belt.
I've seen this belt.
All right. We've both seen it.
How crazy is the belt?
Dude, it's one of those things I wish I had when I was 10 years old,
pretending I was Hulk Hogan getting pummeled by my brother.
So that goes to the winner of the tournament.
The winner of the hardest shot gets this Bud Light Seltzer belt.
It's unbelievable.
But I'll let you proceed, R.A.
All right.
Well, Pink Whitney and Bud Light Seltzer is one of the signature cocktails at the event,
so we decided we're calling it the Fizz Nasty after you know who.
You make it by mixing Bud Light Seltzer strawberry with Pink Whitney.
It's delicious, and we will be drinking it up in New Hampshire,
so hopefully you'll be joining us under the tent for a cocktail or three.
So grab a variety pack today and see why Bud Light Seltzer is unquestionably good.
Try out the Fizz Nasty for yourself.
And now we're going to send it over to Tony Twist.
Our next guest is one of the most feared enforcers of his day,
averaging two and a half penalty minutes per game in the NHL, just the NHL.
Played 445 games while playing a straight for the Blues and the Quebec Nordiques.
HockeyFights.com has you down for
104 NHL fights. That doesn't
include all the other leagues, but there
are definitely more than that. Thanks for joining
the podcast, Tony Twist and his dog, Mac.
Well, thanks for having me, guys.
Now, I wasn't sure what kind of radio show
it is. I didn't know if it was a fisting
party, but it's like...
The problem was I'm not into that, but I brought a substitute just in case you guys were.
I don't mind fists up my ass.
That one just looks a little thick.
No, this thing wouldn't go in your hoop.
I think that's the hole for something else.
I'll tell you, Max wrench ain't thick.
The big old dog.
I just didn't know what kind of...
What's this from, dude?
Well, we could use that.
Friday, Saturdays when parties really kick off.
What does it smell like?
You think I'm smelling it?
It came out of your hunting pants.
It was up your ass.
Well, I wasn't sure about it.
It was like a chiclets, like a Gary Busey,
like a line of urinals
and we're peeing each other's mouth kind of thing.
I wasn't sure.
That's like a...
So sometimes we forget that people cannot see this.
So you brought in this basically a sculpture,
but it's just the forearm and fist.
What is this even from?
It's got maybe a...
Well, it was from the party I was at last night.
And no, it's a Halloween prop I'd made.
I respect it.
Yeah. Actually, I made made. I respect it. Yeah.
Actually, I made that, made a mold.
I carved it out of clay, much like a dreidel.
And then I put silicone around it.
And then you can pour whatever you want in there, concrete, resin, whatever.
And that's a resin piece.
And then you paint it.
What other sculptures do you make?
And I know people are
in the adult film industry
they do molds
of their vaginas
and their cocks
so you get
Well after the
two and a half minute thing
I think
I mean
I guess I'll have to
go forward
and you know
try to clarify
you know
that I don't have one
by making one of those
I guess.
You average just over
a tripping minor
per game
No kidding, right?
1,121 penalty minutes in the NHL.
That sounds a lot better.
I'm sportsman-like conduct, you know.
Jeez.
What are you up to now, Twister?
6'1", 2'6", something like that.
What do you mean?
You do.
You look great, though, Twister, I think.
I mean, you're ripped.
Well, I don't know.
Are we taking our shirts off now?
No, we don't do that.
No, I'm going to when I get that fist back to my room.
I didn't know.
We still haven't clarified what kind of...
But we're leaving our shirts on?
Yes.
Shirts on.
Yeah, I'm ripped.
Shirts on.
Let's go.
So what do you like...
When did you retire first off?
How many years has it been?
And what have you done to keep yourself busy in those years?
Well, that's a lot of questions in one thing. Exactly better answer all of them not a problem uh 99 2000 retired forced
into it right I had a motorcycle accident that didn't allow me the opportunity to proceed anymore
changing the guard in the National Hockey League too where your hired hitman was no longer really
required you know as the as the way I played the role you actually had to have your you had to have your hired hitman slash and force or the the guy to keep everybody honest
on the other side of the bench had to play the game um you know after the injuries i sustained
from the motorcycle lags i couldn't catch anybody before so there really wasn't much chance we
catching somebody after um in thereafter you know sporadic pieces with ESPN, did some sports stuff.
Then the game of hockey, I got disenchanted with it.
Just with not so much the, yeah, I got disenchanted with the game
because the players were playing for the nameplate rather than the emblem,
and the only guys you could see, the teams that were playing for the emblem,
you know, when Quinville joined Chicago,
you could see the turnaround in those guys' eyes and how they played.
And Chief, you know, back here in St. Louis,
I mean, there was no reason why we wouldn't have had a cup here prior
with the talent pool that we had, but Chief turned it around.
And I think one of the best answers I've ever heard,
when everybody says, is there any skeletons in your closet,
are you going to get fired after this Me Too fricking debacle that somebody sold Batman down?
I have no idea what that is.
But, you know, the best answer was,
my guys respect me.
And that was it.
You know what that answer says?
The underlining means, yeah, you know what?
Some of that may go on in here.
May not go on in here, but I can guarantee you this.
If something like that is said,
is meant to be meant, and the guys will correct the way they operate,
or they'll ship out because whatever I told them, they probably deserved.
So none of that stuff is, you know, that's relevant in the game that we played
back when, you know, the transition to the game you guys can remember
where the guys took care of themselves in the dressing room
and if a guy wasn't doing what he had to do,
first person to address it was the team.
And after the team addresses it, the coach knows what's going on.
All right?
Then the coach addresses it.
That means that he's being traded.
You know, we took care of our own business in the dressing room.
And just to clarify for our listeners, he doesn't mean the actual Me Too movement
like I thought for about 30 seconds there.
We're talking about the coaching movement.
Hockey's Me Too.
Hockey's Me Too.
Yeah, Hockey's Me Too.
People will hear that and think we meant the other one.
No, I'm just saying that, you know, okay, well, I didn't mean to get anybody fired,
but I'm going to bring this up 10 years later.
Well, what the frick did you try?
What are you trying to do?
Why are you putting your hand in the air 10 years later well what the frick did you try what are you trying to do why why you put your hand in the air 10 years later come on i mean now you got to be careful how you scold
your players you can't you know the dressing room's the dressing room it's 20 guys being men
you know there's shit's gonna happen all right you know pick up your freaking drawers and quit
crying well i met you you know you grew up playing in WHL, the toughest league that is still known as the toughest league.
But back then, it must have been even different.
I mean, were you 16 years old immediately into the role that you ended up playing in the NHL?
Well, yeah, pretty much.
Prior to playing junior hockey, I played in the Peace Caribou Junior Hockey League prior to going to Saskatoon,
which I believe was in the same league but
in a different state as the Charlestown Chiefs.
I mean, it was, I mean, I'm going to promise you this one thing.
I mean, there was, we had a bench clearing brawl in Williams Lake where the fans were
coming on the ice, okay?
Because it was on an Indian, there was an Indian reserve right nearby and so they would
all get, have their cocktails
and get loaded up, and
somebody threw a chicken on the ice with
our colors painted
on it, and Daryl Craft, who was a Native
American himself,
chopped the head off of it with a stick, and then
everything...
I'm not kidding you. So then
at Williams Lake, the opposition
team went to their dressing room, and the fans were coming on the ice, the opposition team, went to their dressing room,
and the fans were coming on the ice, and we couldn't get to our dressing room
because it was where the Zamboni was.
Now, keeping in mind, there wasn't glass at this point.
It was chicken wire, okay?
So we're backed up against the Zamboni because it's the only place the fans can't get to.
In the interim, they're spitting on us, and then they're getting on the ice trying to fight us,
and we're sitting there back like a couple warriors with with our sticks chopping them down like
trees and then we got escorted out by their rcmp and i was the rookie at that time and i opened up
the door to take the bags out to the to the bus and this kokanee beer bottle comes whipping over
the top of my head whoa shut the door hey we're a Bud Light podcast. Well, I understand, but all the same, that's Canadian beer.
Okay, it was at Labatt's Blue then for all intents and purposes.
And, you know, we got escorted out of town as we had pickup fulls of Indians chasing us out the freaking city.
No way.
Throwing beer bottles at us.
That's an eye-opener.
You're 16.
I was 16.
16 and 17.
When I said the Peace Carribean Junior Hockey League was a step away,
maybe we were full in.
It was a different, you know, we'd go to Fort St. John
and we'd count how many guys were out for warm-up.
You'd be counting guys.
The first thing you always did was count how many were out for warm-up.
One, two.
Damn, there's 24 people.
That guy's got a full beard.
He's not under the age of 20.
No way he's under the age of 27.
Like the Little League World Series.
And then you start looking at the equipment.
He's got no shoulder pads.
Wait a minute, that's my uncle.
Hold on one second.
Boys, we've got to get ready because the brawl's going to start.
Sure enough, in warm-up, there's nobody out there,
and it's a freaking full-on.
They got four guys on us.
Yeah, it was an experience, to say the least.
Were you a highly touted fire going into the WHL?
And at that point, was it still the separate warm-up rule?
No, the separate warm-up rule got instituted the last year I played there,
in Saskatoon. That was when the separate warm-up rule got instituted the last year I played there in Saskatoon.
That was when the separate warm-up rule got instituted.
So you could say you have a part in that rule existing?
No, not individually.
I mean, there could have been a build-up to it, but no, we never had any tussles before the game.
There was a couple other teams that may have partaken that.
And the year before that, the year before I got there,
when Kem Bob Gartner and Manson decided to go take the opposition's net and bring it down to their end.
During warm-up.
During warm-up, and Charlie and Bomber.
So Bomber goes over to their bench and starts drinking their water.
And nobody dared go across the red line to get their net.
So they warmed up without a net.
You know, Bomber's drinking their water.
Charlie's got the net.
They're warming up two goalies.
You know, that might have been a buildup to the following year when we had two separate
warm-ups.
Oh, my God.
That is fucking good.
I watched you fight a lot many moons ago.
You look like a guy who always enjoyed fighting.
Is that accurate?
Well, I mean, you know, a little heavy in the drawers.
Yeah, I was excited.
It was something I enjoyed doing.
A lot of the guys in this game, you know, in the past,
and I played with a bunch of those guys, you know,
they were filling a role that they found necessary to make a living.
They were filling a role that they found necessary to make a living.
And on graduated to that role, they had exceptional skills to go with that.
I mean, they're talented guys, but the fighting had got them to the platform that they were on.
And as a consequence, it really wasn't their primary platform.
And, you know, guys would throw up before the game they'd be nervous you know
two weeks out before you know playing so-and-so and they're sleepless you know we're not talking
sleepless seattle with with meg ryan we're talking sleepless with nick you know from new york at the
deli kind of thing it was not a comfortable feeling for him and you know i didn't have
those feelings i truly enjoyed i enjoyed doing it you. I talked to Ty Domi about it as well, and he didn't get nervous where the opposite of what you are and how you just described, that's how I was.
It didn't come off as genuine at all.
I love protecting my teammates, but I didn't enjoy the fact that I was going to have to risk my health while doing it.
And there was an element of fear, and you're one of those guys that.
Yeah, but you had talent on top of it.
So you had to think about other things.
You know, when I said the last of the hired hitmen, my good man,
I was a grocery stick for most games.
Yeah.
All right?
I was separating, making sure that the forwards didn't get mixed up with the defensemen.
Right.
They always knew where to step on the bench.
Well, there's Twister.
That's where I go.
Ten career goals, though.
Ten career goals.
Yeah, great. It was more than this. Yeah, I can remember all of mine. Can you remember all of your guys' goals? Yes, I's Twister. That's where I go. Ten career goals, though. Ten career goals.
It's more than this.
Yeah, I can remember all of mine.
Can you remember all of your guys?
Yes, I can.
I mean, so at the same, what you're saying, I understand, but you still have to think about playing the game.
Sure.
You still had a shift to play.
Yeah.
Right?
So, you know, a lot of admiration to guys like Bob Probert, who were a measuring stick,
who, you know, every guy that came in the league when I was playing, that was the measuring stick.
Well, that guy played 20 minutes a game.
Not only had to do his job as of the end, you know, make sure everybody keeps straight,
but he was playing with Stevie Y.
Yeah.
Stop it.
I mean, you've got to be hands down for me.
You know, that's an admirable freaking piece.
His fighting overshadows how good of a player he was.
All-star game.
He's 88.
Yeah.
I mean, come on.
I mean, what really overshadowed him, I guess,
made him into drugs and the alcohol at the end.
But, you know, again, dealing with those demons.
Now, I bring him up for a reason.
Did Bob enjoy it?
Yeah, I think he did.
To a point.
Because at some point, you know, you're not getting, you know,
wrecked after the game
like johnny cordick is i play with johnny in quebec i and i was in quebec that summer i stayed
there when he died johnny had an incredibly hard time doing that that role nervous throwing up
before the game i mean all he could do just to get it over with, you know, because he was a mess.
He was a wreck.
And that ultimately ended, you know, his career and his life because he went to other things to satisfy that demon.
All right.
So coming out of junior, you realize how you're going to make a living in the NHL.
You are the hired gun.
What was it like going into camp that year?
I mean, I'm a man.
I'm guessing.
I'm imagining that training camp.
You might have had 10 to 15 fights. Are you familiar with my first training camp at year? I mean, I'm guessing. I'm imagining that training camp you might have had 10 to 15 fights.
Are you familiar with my first training camp at all?
No, let's hear it.
Roll up the red carpet for our followers. It's me going on a whim.
You got to be kidding me.
You throw this out as a whim.
Swear to God.
All right.
So me and Chase are coming out of junior in Saskatoon.
And Brian started his first tenure as coach, first year.
All right. and Brian Sutter's first tenure as coach, first year. So Sets, he was a hell of a player and a scrapper himself.
So we all show up.
We're having a meeting at the Holiday Inn in Clayton,
and it's in the auditorium,
and all the coaches come up and do their speeches, right?
At the close, out introduced Brian Sutter.
You know what Brian's speech was?
It was this simple.
If you're a goal scorer, put it in the net.
If you're a defenseman, be a defenseman.
If you're a goaltender, stop the puck.
If you're a fighter, damn well fight.
Merry Christmas.
I look over at Chase and I go, right.
So we're going down the elevator,
and there's Todd, you and her,
Bragg and Sergio Mameso,
Todd Ewan. i look over at todd
oh and i looked over at todd and i go i guess you and i are going tomorrow and he goes i don't have
to fight you and i go oh yeah you you're gonna have to fight me no it's i yeah he goes well i
don't have to i i have the job actually for now and so the first game the foot now brian is the coach on my end as we're doing
the the scrimmages as you know every training camp when you got the the scrimmages and you got
four different teams and todd's on the other side first shift out there i go right after todd he
won't fight all right so i'll do the shift and come back on he goes back out i chase after todd
he won't fight so i know brian sutter you can see the
smile on his face and patty janelle god love him he passed away but he was you know patty was one
of the guys who got me drafted and so did bobby plager so the third shift that he comes on i left
my my gloves my helmet and my stick on the bench and i went to center ice and I started doing the chicken around the center ice. Bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk.
This is in training camp.
He had no...
It was in hockey news.
It was like, everybody was like,
who in the frick is this
idiot at center ice doing the chicken?
He had to come.
I mean, there's no ifs, ands, or buts.
We fought.
I got cut over the eye.
He took a few, but it was a great
fight. Nobody collapsed.
So he goes to the dressing room
and I go to the dressing room. Now we're in the same
training dressing room.
He's sitting on here and the guy's looking at his hand
and he comes over looking at mine. I said,
mine's fine. He said, well, you're going to have to get stitches. I said, great.
Put butterflies in there and I'm going to go back. We've got to go again.
And Todd goes, well, my hand hurts. I said, well, you're going to have to get stitches. I said, great. Put butterflies in there. I'm going to go back. We got to go again.
And Todd goes, well, my hand hurts.
I said, well, my head hurts.
But he rocked on.
So the trainer at that Mackie, he goes, well, you need to get stitches.
I said, either you put butterflies on or I'm putting a piece of tape over it and I'm going back out.
We waited too long to put a piece of tape over it and I went back out.
Todd went to the hospital. White or black tape right over right over your eye it was white it was white hockey tape but you
know here's the thing he went to the hospital take a look at his hand i went back out and finished
the scrimmage he's already got the job don't get me wrong he was a much more talented freaking
hockey player than i was the guy had great wheels and he had hands you know i'm a neanderthal from
prince george i to make my mark.
By the way, I was the only guy still wearing steel blades.
Remember the steel blades?
That was right when plastic and steel made the transition.
Remember the CCM tuck?
So you're saying the tuck part was steel.
Correct.
I was the only guy.
How heavy were your skates?
Who knows?
It didn't matter.
I wasn't their skate.
That's honest to God, the first training camp.
So in there after, they rearranged the entire training camp
so me and Todd didn't hit the ice together again.
Did you and Chaser go in that camp?
No, we were on the same team.
Okay, okay.
The next year, now I spent the entire year in Peoria,
which was an interesting year only because I didn't, it was I didn't play, I played
I don't know how many games, 36 or something like that
I had 300 and some minutes and
my goal was to fight every game twice a game
you know, until things fell apart
but I saw the second
training camp, we show up and
Chase was on his team now with Todd
our first shift out
we're lined up
on our end and I said we're lined up on our end.
And I said, we're going.
He says, no, we're not.
I said, you've got no choice.
You saw this last year.
Right.
Puck drops.
He swings his stick, the two-handed, knock my head off.
I duck.
Chaser comes from the other side.
He's on his team.
Two by fours him over top of the head.
And now it's a five on five.
Jeez.
Those are my two opening training camps in st louis
now i happened to stay that year because todd was suspended for 10 games for jumping on the ice at
the end of the game to qualify now you gotta understand this word when that national hockey
league all the players stand by each other he had one game to play to get his bonus one game last
game all right somebody came off the ice for him to get his bonus. One game. Last game.
All right.
Somebody came off the ice for him to get the shift.
At that time in the league, you had to touch the ice to get your game played.
Correct.
Still.
Yep.
So he jumped on the ice, and he got in a fight and whatever, and he got suspended for 10 games for extra man or whatever.
And then I got my opportunity.
But the guys were in full support, you know,
and unfortunately, you know, fuck you guys upstairs.
You know, you're sitting a damn dude for the, you know,
does battle for you all year.
And you're going to, for whatever the bonus was,
you're going to sit him for the entire game just in case something happens.
Right, right.
Bullshit.
Yeah.
I've heard
so many stories of of even coaching becoming aware of guys bonuses i mean tyson ash told the story of
when quinville ended up playing on like 25 minutes one game putting him out there on power play
because if he got an average ice time bonus he would have made an extra 100 grand or whatever
it was so that's weird that they  that's an opposite story.
That's the first one I've heard.
I want to go back to Peoria.
You mentioned that in the old IHL.
You played with the old MTV line.
I know a lot of
I didn't play with it.
Chaser did.
Oh, you weren't with that team when they had that?
I was.
Oh, okay.
Majo Tomlinson and Davee was Vesey from Boston.
You know Vesey.
Yep, yep.
He's a good dude, man.
Great guy.
Hell of a player, too.
Yeah, he was.
Vesey, there's an interview you can't have,
but boy, I tell you what, he was an interesting character.
Yeah, I played with him.
That was our number one line.
And then Chaser, he was part of the MTV line
when one of those guys were out,
so he was playing first line.
Was that one of the best lines you've ever played with
on any level? And I know you played with
Holland Oates, obviously, but...
Well, I never played with... Well, not with him.
Same team. Same team. I know you weren't
out there. When he says play with,
it's like when I say it, it's like you had the best
seat in the house, and you
didn't have to pay for tickets.
And you didn't have to pay for fucking tickets.
I mean, at that level, yes,
but, you know, I played with Matt Sundin, Joe Sackett,
Golan Nolan, and hold the freaking phone.
Guy Lafleur.
Yeah, I had that written down.
Guy Lafleur.
He came into the dressing room.
I had a lunchbox with your name on it.
Ripping dots.
He looked at me, and he started laughing.
I said, no, I'm being very dead serious,
because my mom's favorite team was the Montreal Canadiens.
So I had Eddie Schach and I had Guy Lafleur lunchbox.
I'm not joking.
So, I mean, it was like starstruck.
There I am playing with Guy Lafleur.
Well, let's go into these guys because you spent some time with Quebec.
And you saw Matt Sandin come into the league.
And, I mean, did you know he was going to be that big of a star right from the minute you saw him play absolutely I mean Matt's control he was
a big man number one number two he had great skills um and he he leveraged himself very well
in the corners and in front of the net you know he got in a tripod you're not moving Matt's
and he wasn't afraid you know he was not afraid he wasn't uh he wasn't
a perimeter player if the puck went in the corner mats was in the corner he wasn't a perimeter play
in front of the net you whack and slash him all day long mats ain't moving so i mean yeah absolutely
same thing with owen nolan you know i used to call him the cowboy because he owen didn't want
to have anything to do with discipline he had his own mindset of what he wanted to do.
And then, you know, we did the trade with Mike Ricci.
And then, you know, we had, I mean, Ricci came in with Simon.
And it was a 6 million deal.
And then the first round draft pick who ended up being Forsberg.
I've heard of him.
Okay, yeah, you may have heard of him, you know, being Forsberg. I've heard of him. Okay, yeah, you may have heard of Peter Forsberg.
You saw that dynasty being born.
Unfortunately, they let me go because Chris Simon took my job.
Did he?
Oh, he was a way better player than I was.
Are you kidding me?
I tell you what, the chief had a great set of hands,
and he was scary as hell.
Other guys didn't want to come. If it wasn wasn't if the size the hair would put you away but you know so he was chief
and so was barubi both guys called you all right i didn't know that uh well one of my first one my
third nhl fight was with barubi the chief right in philly um you know all the respect in the world
for these guys i had not a bad feeling because Cy was my roommate the entire year.
What was my job?
Without being disrespectful, baby said, Cy, in the respect that he was on the wagon, no drinking.
He never drank.
He took care of his business.
He was a good dude, man.
And he graduated. So when they let me go in 94, I get it.
If you got the choice between myself and Chris Simon, Chris Simon could play for a second or third line.
I can't play any of those.
Didn't Chris Simon have 30 goals one year?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And in Washington, he was killing it.
And then when he was in, and they won the next year, 95,
it was when the Avalanche won the Stanley Cup.
And then in came Detroit and thereafter.
We kind of glanced over Guy Lafleur.
Any quick stories about him?
I got a great story because Flower was...
Dude, I got two or three.
Let's go. Let's go.
Because Flower was...
He was a big boy. I don't know if anybody
knows this. I didn't know that. He never played
with shoulder pads. Ever.
He was 225 pounds, 230 pounds.
I'm not joking you i thought he was
a buck 80 same yeah yeah well he may have been a buck 80 when he was 12 but he was he's a big dude
like i'm not kidding you and the first story is we're in winnipeg and he's and he says you want
to go out for something to eat he said absolutely now it's just him and i we go to a steak joint and we're eating and he orders like two entrees and where's this guy gonna put all these groceries
away he put them all away he put him two steaks two baked potatoes two salads dessert and you
know a half a dozen beer and i'm going i thought i could eat dude i thought i could eat. Dude, I thought I could eat. Are you playing tomorrow?
Oh, yeah.
And then we go out after the casino for a bit,
and I got to go to bed.
And he said, I'll see you later, son.
And off we go.
That same road trip, we go to Vancouver. Now, Flower, that was the year that he was going to, quote, unquote, retire.
So every National Hockey League team put on an affair when he showed up.
Oh, very awesome.
It was actually pretty tremendous.
You know, he didn't retire, by the way.
He went to New York after.
He said, all these gifts are amazing.
I'm going to do this again.
No shit, right?
You know, so it was a very interesting year because in his contract,
he only had to play home games.
No shit, really?
I'm not kidding you.
Only had to play home games. Now, i'm not kidding you only have to play home
games now i'm not sure there's any collusion amongst the teams where hey we're going to
celebrate geese last year why don't you throw in a fair we'll make them play i don't know
okay but there we are with you know every team put on a big gala it was gila fleur night everywhere
and if there wasn't a standing o that went for 30 or 40 seconds or longer,
you know, it was incredible.
Anyways, we're in Vancouver, and it's the day after the game,
and Flower had been out drinking.
We'd all been out drinking.
And for whatever reason, Ron Tugnut was bitching and complaining,
you know, yapping because he just played and
guys were
intense practicing and he was
bitching. So what does Flower do?
Flower walks in and he could shoot the puck.
I'm going to tell you something. That man
could shoot the puck.
He unloaded from the top of the circle
and dinged freaking Tugger right in the
freaking shoulder. Tugger goes down
like he got shot with a bucket full of shit.
Down he goes.
Flower skates by and he goes,
he goes, uh, uh-oh, that could be my agent.
Uh-oh.
Oh, I don't have one.
What do you mean?
My ears are ringing.
So he skates by Tugger and he goes,
he goes, there'll be no bitching or complaining.
And that was it.
Tugger got up, didn't say no bitching or complaining. And that was it. Tugger got up.
Didn't say a freaking word.
Wow.
That's the control.
A guy with that type of.
That's old school.
That's old school shit, man.
Taking care of the biz.
We were all, you know, get here.
We were tired of hearing Tugger bitch.
You know, flowers hung over to be cheesy.
You want to hear it neither.
Fucking rattled right off his shoulder.
Straighten up, son.
Next one's coming at your head um done the the the standing ovation story reminded me of when
i saw the sadeen's last game and every time they stepped on the ice if there was like a tv timeout
they would put them out and they would get the standing oh it's it's crazy to to watch the
celebration and how much people embrace the the of impact that one individual, or in their case, two, had on their lives and the game itself.
So you got to experience that firsthand.
I did, but you got to understand, it was different with the Twins because the entire city of Vancouver embraced those guys.
He went on the road.
Holy shit.
Embrace those guys.
Where he went on the road.
Holy shit.
I mean, the entire city embraced those two guys.
And by rights, they should, because they really changed the game of hockey for Vancouver by playing there.
But you think of it this way.
Every team looked at the Sedin twins in Vancouver.
They looked at the twins the same way they looked at Guy Lafleur at every place we went.
You know, it's like Mike Tyson, he recognized be recognized anywhere, regardless of the tattoo or not,
silly ink, anywhere.
He's more popular than a president.
There's not a country he can go in and nobody knows, and everybody knows who he is.
More than a president.
All right?
He left four walks in the hockey rink.
It's no different because that's his forum.
Yeah.
Was he one of those guys who was ripping dots between periods back in the day?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, are you kidding me? I don't know what dots are.
I would have to say darts is what you're trying to say,
but that accent, you couldn't get around it. I got you.
There was no acid being dropped, okay?
If the dots was what are you talking about?
Darts, I think. At that point, had they
talked him off doing it on the bench?
No, there was no on the bench stuff.
Trust me, that wasn't going on.
Just after goals, he gets a nice long drag.
But I do believe that one of the trainers may have had one lit
when he was getting off the ice.
No, but it was in between periods.
It was his joke.
No, Twister, you give the gloves to get dried,
and he hands you the cigarette already lit.
I mean, that's it, pretty much.
All right, so you end up saying that Quebec decides to move on.
They got Chris Simon back to St. Louis.
How did that all go down?
They knew who you were.
You were comfortable.
What's the story there?
Again, a loaded question.
Like, you maybe did some research.
I don't know.
But here's, I get a call.
I'm an unrestricted free agent.
I get a call from Mike Keenan.
Mike Keenan calls me personally and says, would you like to come back?
And I said, absolutely.
I got one question to ask you.
How many minutes in a hockey game?
That's an easy 60. He goes, you're wrong, absolutely. I got one question to ask you. How many minutes in a hockey game? That's an easy 60.
He goes, you're wrong, son.
Okay.
What is it?
360.
Now, I'll use players that, you know, you're familiar with.
Not all those players were there at this point.
But, you know, Brad Fuhrer's going to play 60.
Now there's 300.
Al McGinnis is going to play 30.
And there's 270.
Prior to the Shanahan trade, Shanahan's going to play 30.
Now there's 240.
Tick on the way down right to the end of the roster,
and there's like six minutes left.
He goes, oh, I forgot.
We had power play and penalty killing.
Now we're in the negative minutes.
And he says, Tony, what job are you taking?
And I go, none of them.
He goes, that's a good answer.
You're with us.
And that's how it got done.
No way.
Well, here, when I say hired Hetman, okay, when last of, that was my job.
And it was very definitive.
It was expressed to me with no,
there was no questions at the end of the day where I fit in that roster.
And Mike made it very clear.
Some games you may play, some games you may not,
but you will dress for every one.
All right?
Not to interrupt you, but quickly, part of that,
how many times were you going out,
one shift go out there and the guy wouldn't fight you?
I mean, that must have been... That was wonderful. Plenty plenty of those but here's the thing that you know the intimidation
factor i was you know a lot of the guys here and i do understand why there's not a whole shitload
of admiration for mike keenan at the end of the day but he had a lot of guys that owe their careers
to him on how he and how he used them now with the understanding that you know when you had a
role defined it's really easy to train for it a guy like yourself you had to think about two things
you know my role was clearly defined all right if i didn't play i'm in the gym doing the mr t
workout you know and i'm skating 45 minutes before and half an hour after. Every day.
All right?
Even if I'm playing, everybody on the road.
I'm still skating.
Probably not going to play a whole bunch.
We're still skating.
Well, that was the job, you know?
Chris Pronger said he walked in one day and you were punching the cement floor.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, here.
Listen, I'm not a concrete head here.
You've got to understand.
No, no.
You're a great storyteller as well.
Right from the very beginning, everybody has their gifts and their attributes,
and you've got to take care of them.
All right?
I understood that from an early age, at 16 or 17, when I was fighting in the Peace Caribou, on to junior, into the pros,
that's my living.
So you start with sand in the pails, and they swell up.
You ice them down.
Do it two or three times a day.
You know, you take two or three days off,
and you graduate out of sand into lead pellets into those pails,
and then you graduate to concrete.
Now, what is that doing?
I mean, what you're doing is tightening up all the tendons and ligaments,
you know, because they don't grow.
They're not muscles.
They remain the same size.
So as you get bigger this way, these things aren't getting any bigger.
So you've got to strengthen those tendons and ligaments if you plan on playing.
So I've never broke my hand ever playing.
Now, broken a few helmets, split a couple in half, but I didn't break my hand.
So with that said, you've got to understand that I was just taking care of my attributes.
Silly as it may sound. No, let me promise you one thing.
Not at all, really.
That kept me in the game because a guy like myself could not afford for somebody else to shine in my sunshine
because I was that borderline at that point.
If I give somebody else the chance to play under your sun and they shine, dude, it's hard to get back into that.
You're in the shade
so that kind of led into the fact that your your off-season training must have been strictly
jujitsu whatever it may be in order to get you ready to fight what kind of you know what i did
not it my my training was was organized around strength and it was organized because some of
those some of those uh disciplines you know i you know Grimson and I kickboxed together in the summer back in Kamloops.
I boxed, I kickboxed, I did some of the jiu-jitsu.
Jiu-jitsu wasn't big back then, so that wasn't part of the game.
But judo was, which was a weight transfer type of thing.
But you can't get lost in those disciplines
because the application of that discipline on the ice actually has no value in
in respect of how you're going to attack your opponent because at the end of the day it's
your left or right you're hanging on to somebody's shoulder and you're swinging from this you know
swinging from the stars now with the understanding that you know the straighter the punch the round
out you know if you can if you have the heart of the punch, the less apt somebody else is to engage you.
But none of that was involved in my training outside of making sure that I was the biggest, baddest, strongest guy that I could be.
Because, again, my role was defined.
Were there instances in your career where, say, Pronger takes a dirty hit, Brett Hall, whoever it may be, the star of the team,
and you went out and a guy didn't want to fight you, but you just straight up suckered him?
Or was there always a strong part of you that said,
listen, I'm going to at least do this like a fair way?
Well, first and foremost, if you went and ran Chris Pronger, I'm not coming after you.
You're the last guy.
You will come around, all right?
But the first guy, and I'll use this as an example.
We're in Detroit.
We're playing Detroit.
They've got the odds, all the odds, every off.
And then they had Eisenman, and they had Lindstrom, and all the odds, and Joey Kosher, and Marty LaPointe.
So here's the deal.
Marty decided for whatever reason he was going to go after Pronger.
So he runs him right by the bench, drops his gloves.
All right.
Pronger skates away.
He picks up his gloves.
Jeff Cortno, I call Cortno.
Cortno comes off.
I go on.
I drop my gloves, and he turtles.
I get two minutes for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Hold on.
He just did that with Pronger.
Okay, we're in Detroit.
Go to the penalty box. I'm feeling shame and I'm feeling
like I'm going to get my ass kicked,
especially if they score. Well, it didn't take but 30 seconds
if they put all the odds on and
eyes are in the next thing and they score.
Come to the bench fully expecting to get
my ass chewed.
Keenan goes, get out there.
I don't know. Okay.
Get out there. They just scored. So I'm thinking, I'm not going out there to tie it up.
And I look at the line up there, and there's Eisenman between two of the
offs, Lidstrom and Konstantinov, on the other side.
All right.
Bowman's on the other side.
They have last change.
One off goes off.
Out comes Joey.
We're bent over backwards.
He's kind of giggling. He goes, what are you going to do?
Well, puck drops. I'm going to two-hand eyes him. I'm not going to break
his ankle this time, but
the message, he goes, you can't do that. He's kind of
laughing. I'm like, well, you know
the game. Puck drops.
Out comes the two-hander. Down he goes. Joey and I
drop the gloves. Everybody gets in between. We don't
fight. We go to the penalty box. We got our heads down because we know the two-hander. Down he goes. Joey and I drop the gloves. Everybody gets in between. We don't fight. We go to the penalty box.
And, you know, we got our heads down because we know the cameras are on us.
And he goes, Twister, come on.
I go, Joey, you know the fuck.
He goes, I got it.
And that was all that was changed.
You could see what happened in there afterwards.
The message was sent from Joey.
Joey to the bench to fucking Eisenman.
And Eisenman and Bowman's here.
And LaPointe doesn't see the ice again.
Do you know why?
Because Bowman knew I was committed to...
Getting someone.
Eye for an eye.
I'm committed to taking out him.
And the next person that was, if he hits the ice again and acts like a jack-off,
one of his best guys are going down.
I'll take the suspension.
And that's a prime breakdown of the game policing itself.
That's it.
Right there.
That's what Brian Burke came and talked about.
And we don't need to get into the full-on discussion,
but I appreciate you sharing that story with us
because it's great insight and a behind-the-scenes look.
It all comes down to accountability.
Accountability.
You don't have to be big to be held accountable.
All right?
Accountability comes from the other side, not your own team.
The Broad Street Bullies weren't all that Broad Street and all that bully.
Really, at the end of the day, they had a few key guys.
But it didn't matter who you chopped down.
You were getting it.
Okay, so this is great, and you're a great storyteller.
So now I want to dig into these personalities you play with in St. Louis
because as a guy who obviously didn't you know who obviously didn't see the ice much is you have the opportunity to sip your dog's just taking over all our space
you have you have the opportunity to sit back and kind of you know digest all these unbelievable
players well you know I had the privilege to play in what I regard as the pinnacle of when hockey was hockey
and men were men and sheep were scared.
Because at the end of the day, there was a bunch of men.
I look at that, the team that we lost to, Detroit won the first Stanley Cup.
I mean, you go down that lineup. We had, you know, we started Al McGinnis, Chris Pronger,
Carbono,
Corson,
this guy named Grutsky.
You just keep on
going down that lineup. We had an incredible
frickin' hockey club. They're all Hall of
Famers. Grant Fuhrer's in the net.
You know, they got Stanley Cump brings out
the Ying Yang. What was
it like to play with those? Those are legendary names in any era.
Let me promise.
In any era, those are legendary names.
Why?
Because those guys, regardless of what was going on,
they took care of the business in the dressing room.
They took care of business on the ice.
The hardest partying team was the Edmonton Oilers,
when they went four in a row.
Are you shitting me? glenn anderson was there also you know and i get the you know you hear the stories and it's like
i bow to you i mean i bow to you no stories was what i consider to be the baton passing
because i think there is no baton passing in this game anymore. Those stories that those guys
told on the back of the bus
or on the plane, captive audience,
all of us are like this. The edge of our
seats going...
And you've heard it before and you just want to hear it
again too. Yeah, and you're like,
these are guys telling legendary
stories when they were playing in this game
or that game and you're at the edge of your seat.
Your hair's raising up on your
neck because it's the story
is not about them as individuals.
It's the stories about them
as a team taking over
the game and winning. Like
Grant Fear going, there's games
where they'd score eight goals but we'd shoot
12.
Well, okay. I've never panicked.
Grant Fear was the greatest example of a championship goaltender.
He never got rattled.
Won a game.
Same thing.
Lost a game by four.
Same thing.
Just easy living.
I mean, you've got to take a page out of that book.
You don't see that baton being passed anymore because the guys that rode the bus in the minor leagues to get to where they're at had a respect for carrying their own bag.
And those stories behind the bus of having appreciation for the grind to get there.
Now, don't get me wrong.
There's plenty of guys that have the grind to get there that have had to graduate.
But as a majority in that era, all of those guys who wore those Stanley Cup rings and
came from championship clubs came from the same meat grinder, with the exception of the
odd one. now it's
the other way around with the exception of the odd one that had to come through the meat grinder most
of them are here now i see an old hbo interview with you from real sports it was probably 20 years
old you said i'll lose you'd have a fight with a guy loser buys pizza with any guys that you
wouldn't have a pizza with after the game? Never. Never?
I mean, I promise.
Even Todd Yoon and I coached together after the game was over.
One of the guys that I absolutely enjoyed playing against hated him.
He hated me.
But there's nothing more I enjoyed.
But, I mean, I got hard.
I was ready.
I mean, I enjoyed it.
But would I have pizza?
Absolutely.
You know what?
One second.
That's where the respect to the game, the player, and the game for what it is.
We had a job here.
The job is today.
That's the emblem I'm playing for, and that's yours.
Sorry about your luck, chum.
We could be best friends.
I fought the best man at my wedding, my first wedding, three times.
All right?
All right?
Three times.
And let me understand you.
We're Kerry Clark Wendell's brother.
The first time we fought was in training camp.
And he's got the biggest Cheshire grin.
I got one, too.
And we're squared out in center ice.
We're living together in the same billet's house.
And he looks at me and goes, loser buys pizza, winner buys beer.
I'm overtopping him at the end of the fight.
He goes, fuck.
Guess I'm buying the beer. And we went back and we ate pizza and beer. I'm overtopping him at the end of the fight. He goes, fuck. Guess I'm buying the beer.
And we went back and we ate pizza and beer.
That's not a joke.
I mean, that's, again, going back to the appreciation of the game.
Pose that question today.
I'm not too sure every guy has the same answer.
Hold on.
It's just a job.
This is a job all right business
here off the ice it ain't business what do you what do you think like makes has made has made
that happen like what what's what's the reason that that's all kind of changed is it is it so
much money's involved like i i'm interested in your opinion i don't have an opinion because i've
i've i i left we're not 99, I left a lot on the table.
Now, meaning that, you know, the next three or four years,
there were still smatterings of the guys I played with.
So I was interested.
You could still see flames of that type of play.
Now, in thereafter, I saw those start to die out.
Now, do I have a theory?
I mean, it's only a theory.
It's not fact.
I think that the game had gotten a lot quicker
a heck of a lot more talented and there was a european influence and that european influence i
think found its way into the mentality of the american player the american canadian player
and as a consequence of being competitive for the same job and the european players coming from it
they were they had more talent.
So integrate or migrate.
So I think it's that migration of them coming over.
We forced ourselves to integrate and didn't force our game on the European play.
It was vice versa.
And as a consequence, as we well know, I mean, I played with five Russians in Quebec.
Playoffs came.
I mean, their suitcases were packed, ready to go back to Russia in every playoff game.
And I'm not joking.
There were some great ones.
There were some great ones.
Oh, no, I'm not saying there's absolutely.
But as a whole, you're saying.
No, and I'm not saying. Are you saying because they knew they're like, oh, my God, this is just going to get so much harder and more physical.
And I just, we're not training
over there for this type of play they don't right i well i don't i see again i wasn't in i'm not in
the dressing room today and so it would be really ignorant for me to speak out of schools all right
but i am speaking from a platform where i do understand that uh from where the last years that I played, dude, nothing changed from game one to game 16
in the Stanley Cup,
because you only have to win 16 to win the Cup, right?
So game 16, nothing changed from the beginning to the end.
Everybody had their ups and their downs,
but you were only given the gratitude
of only having one game down
before everybody else in the dressing room called you out and said, hey, motherfucker, you better get your shit together.
Last game was an embarrassment.
If you don't put it together, we're all going to be on you.
And somebody's going to be duking you in practice.
I hate to get away from hockey quickly, but how many guys I don't think there's anyone else besides you that have been involved in a comic book character being named after you and in a lawsuit after that.
And you're a hell of a storyteller.
So can you give all the listeners the background to that entire ordeal?
Well, if we got a year or two weeks, I could be a reader's digest.
Okay.
Give me the CliffsNotes.
Here's the CliffsNotes on the deal.
My mom calls me crying saying, what the hell are you doing lending your name to this comic book?
And I'm, Mom, I have no idea.
One of the kids in the neighborhood come by with a trading card,
and it was Antonio Twistelli, a.k.a. New York Mob Boss from Sicily,
who came to New York to take on that job.
And I said, I have no idea.
So in further introspect, I called McFarland and said, said, I have no idea.
Further introspect, I called McFarlane and said, hey, dude, just
continue. And what is the name of the comic?
It was Spawn.
And it was Spawn. I don't know where it sits now.
For 15 years, it was
the number one animated
cartoon slash
HBO slash
magazine out there.
It was a very...
Oh, R.A. wants to hop in no i was gonna say
did you have any pre-existing relationship with todd mcfallon at all no so he just was stealing
your name well it's not here's yes you know and and this is where the lawsuit became different
from what i believed he thought it was going to be the lawsuit was not about defamation of character. It was about using my name for
pecuniary advantage, using my name to gain an advantage in the market to make money without
remunerating myself or engaging me in a contractual basis where I say yay or nay. That was what the
whole lawsuit was about. And the first one, I think we won 16 million, overturned in the court because
the judge's instructions at the end were contested. The second lawsuit, I think it was like 12 or 13
million, and then settled out of court, not for near that amount, but still settled out because
in the interim, as in anything, winning the it's only a half of the battle as you
know as the companies find liable shut down and this long story short at the end todd mcfarland
was a man about it i came off the stand here in the second round if you gotta understand there
was 18 different lawyers and stenographers on that side there was two lawyers and stenographers on that side. There was two lawyers and one
stenographer on my side.
He could not
look any bigger of an asshole
if he wore an asshole on his face.
Because we're in the city.
You've got a whole smattering of
the jurors looking down and going,
and you lost the case before you showed up.
I come off the stand,
and he slaps me in the ass just
like you win a hockey game you killed me after and you went out a piece of pizza my pizza asshole
here but here's the deal that's how he felt and after we got out and i said todd i don't think
that was the best idea everybody in the freaking jury saw that you know and you know todd was like
he just he hit the dressing room mentality was you know still predominant you know, Todd was like he hit the dressing room mentality was, you know, still predominant.
You know, it was I did not despise Todd in any way, shape or form.
Not at all.
He thought this was a First Amendment issue where he had the right to do whatever.
When actually it wasn't even we weren't even bringing that up.
It wasn't about the First Amendment issue.
So it was an interesting case.
They're teaching it today in law school to this day in every college right now that is a study case well yeah i i would have never known
like thinking of all right well antonio twists and he's an enforcer but oh no my my account was
joe sackett what in the in the in the magazine and in the hbo special and in the cartoon so it
was obvious that it was him.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry.
That's what I was wondering, if they had made it very clear.
No, there was no...
No, as clear as it could be in a barrel, because in one of the magazines it goes,
This is where I got the character Antonio Twistelli.
I'm about to establish this right now.
In the HBO special, I'm wearing pink thong underwear so it was on brand
then completely i don't know where they got it oh so this is where this fist came right i felt like
i felt like dino cicirelli for a second if you guys you have to look that one up anyways okay
so i'm wearing pink thong underwear i I've got two girls on the couch,
naked, having what you could constitute
as a fellatio type of deal,
cunnilingus, as you may have.
And I have a cigar in my mouth,
and I'm conversating on the other side
with somebody else.
And my, you know, not to,
I'm not quoting, unquote,
but the gist of it,
well, go whack that motherfucker and his kids.
And I want to hang up the phone. Okay, that was the gist of it. Well, go whack that motherfucker and his kids. I want to hang up the phone.
Okay, that was the gist of my character.
I was a Sicilian mob boss, came to New York.
That's what your mom saw.
My mom was livid.
And I said, Mom, no clue what you're talking about.
And I'd ask Todd to just remove me.
No, I'm not.
I guess we're going to court.
Is it true?
I was told that pregame skates, you'd go out and just sit on the bench and just stare down whoever you had that night.
Well, I wouldn't sit on the bench as much as I did for the red light.
I played the game.
It's all a psychological game, boys.
If you can mentally fuck somebody prior to even getting there, you're halfway home.
So I would skate between. I would never disrespect the other team i wouldn't skate on their side but i would split that red line oh i met in the morning oh in the morning oh yeah oh no it was better than
that we go to toronto get the mr t workout you know that's you know get a bunch of push-ups in
get the blood flowing do some squats get in the bike get a little sweat get a little lather a
little glisten and then go tape your stick on the bench.
No, seriously.
Say you're taping on this, taping it like I'm going to use it.
Like I need to.
No shirt on, your nipples can cut glass.
Oh, yeah. Well, fuck yeah.
Sexy looking motherfucker.
So I'm cutting it.
I'm robbing my stick like, I don't need.
Well, who am I kidding?
I haven't changed the tape in three games.
But yeah.
Someone comes over, hey, that's not even your stick.
You're left-handed. Why are you taping it right at his
stick?
Twister, I mean, this is awesome. We appreciate
you coming in a lot. A very,
very funny conversation.
Glad to hear that you're doing well, and thank you very much.
Fists forever.
Chicklets forever.
Big thanks to Tony
Twister joining us out in St. Louis.
He's definitely a legend in those parts, for sure,
for all the scrapping he did back in the day.
It was a fun, adventurous interview, no doubt.
But, Grinnelly, before we went to that,
we were talking about enjoying some Bud Light seltzers up Lake Winnipeg
Soccer this weekend.
What's the latest on the pond hockey stuff?
Yeah, so we have been getting a ton of questions about the pond hockey
tournament, so I'm just going to run through some bullet points of stuff,
kind of some frequently asked questions.
So Friday night,
that's for players only Saturday,
the winter village opens at 9.
A.M.
And it's going to be 20 to enter,
but that's cash only.
No credit cards will be accepted in capacity for that's 500.
So you're definitely going to want to get there early.
Make sure you get your spot.
Also, the ice is dangerous. Make sure you're wearing
the proper shoe attire
for the ice. You don't want
anyone slipping and falling on their face, ruining all the fun
for everyone. Also, don't
drink and drive. Don't be assholes.
There will be a
shuttle at Prescott Park, which is about
five minutes away from the lake
and it'll be able to take you everywhere you need to go. Biz, I'll pass it over to you. You can talk about your
party. 9 a.m. on Saturday, you can come hang out if you're not a player. We'll be buzzing around.
We'll be having a good time. That's a spot where you can pay 20 bucks to get in, two free drinks.
Of course, there's going to be Pink Whitney, duh. And you can enjoy the whole festivity. So come hang out.
The capacity is 500.
There's about 200 and probably, let's say, 250 to be safe participants.
So there'll be room for about 250 more people.
All right?
So come on down, get there early, and we're going to have some fun.
These are not the rules or guidelines for Muskoka.
We will drop those on Monday to make sure you guys know what you're supposed to do.
So don't hang your hat on what we're doing with the New Hampshire.
That's a good point.
Oh, and last thing, there will more than likely be a very big surprise guest
who will be joining the Barstool team.
Now, R.A., I'm not sure if we told you the name,
but there is a chance,
and this will make some noise, okay?
Yeah.
Hopefully we won't have to invent any new rules.
Hey, one final note.
No, I'm sorry, not one final.
One other note. We know it's going to get flipped upside down.
Oh, but I'll make it.
NHL linesman Scott Driscoll, who will retire after this, his 28th season.
He worked his final game in Vegas Monday night, not his final game overall,
his final Vegas game Monday when the Cavs were in town.
But I'm not sure if you saw the clip.
I don't know if he tore it up that night, but right after the game,
we got a pretty cool scene, Biz.
You sent over the clip.
All the players gave him celebratory handshakes,
which is such a classy thing to do.
I'm sure other leagues probably do it, but I see it in hockey.
And even a couple of players gave him hugs, which is rare, you know,
to see Mark Andre was one of them.
He went over and gave him a hug, and that's just such a sign of respect
from, you know, a veteran player to a veteran official.
Driscoll has over 1,800 regular season games
and 185 playoff games under his belt.
And like we said before, he's one of these guys who are the grease in the gears
that make the league run, and we like to recognize them
when things like this come up.
Witt, I'm sure you're probably familiar with this fellow.
Yes, and linesmen are assistant coaches and the refs are the head coach.
You can't be boys with the head coach,
but you can be kind of boys with the assistant coach.
And the linesmen get along so well with everyone.
They're not calling the penalties on you.
It's not their fault.
You can't be mad at them.
They might miss an offside, but now you review it anyways.
And these guys are in the middle of breaking up scrums.
They're in the middle of every part of the game.
And in doing all that, they're, for the most part, really friendly, good dudes.
They joke around with guys.
They are easy to talk to, and it makes sense.
I think the goalies deal with these guys even more
when you're cleaning up the crease area and things like that.
So, Flower gives him a big hug.
Awesome to see, and congrats to him for a legendary career as a lining.
He's like, hey, you guys give me a watch or something?
career as a line. He's like, hey,
you guys give me a watch or something.
The league gave me
a one-way
flight to Orlando to take my family to
Disney World, but we got to take the bus home.
So I was hoping the players couldn't chuck something
in there.
Made no sense.
That's all right. Grinnell can cut that.
Well, boys, we were talking about the Leafs a couple minutes ago,
and it certainly sounds like somebody on the Leafs needs a boot in the ass,
and I don't care who does it.
I just hope it's done with a Thursday boot,
because today our show is brought to you by the good people at Thursday Boot Company,
a boot-strapped startup that makes the best handcrafted boots
and sells them direct-to-consumer at some of the lowest mock-ups in the footwear industry.
Thursday boots tagline is highest quality,
honest prices because they use some of the best materials like full grain
leather, supple glove,
leather lining and gold standard Goodyear wealth construction.
Just like the legacy brands that charge 400 or more for similar styles.
But Thursday boot company sells their boots at prices.
Just starting out.
or more for similar styles, but Thursday Boot Company sells their boots at prices just starting at just 149 with free shipping and returns.
Because of the great designs, quality, and great value,
Thursday Boot Company has been featured in all the best fashion press
from Esquire and GQ to Cosmopolitan and Vogue to Vogue to Vogue, like Madonna.
And more importantly, they've gotten over 20,000 five-star reviews from real customers.
They've been handcrafted
with the highest quality materials
to be comfortable, versatile, and durable.
Thursday boots are perfect for people
who understand quality
and don't want to pay a high retail markup
for a great looking pair of boots
that are built to last.
So for a buck 49 with free shipping returns,
Thursday boots are the best buy of this season
with their clean, timeless design and durability.
Thursday boots will keep you standing confident
for years to come.
So head on over to Thursdayboots.com
and try a pair today to take advantage
of that free shipping and free returns.
If for any reason you don't love the size or the fit,
Thursday boots has you covered.
So go to Thursdayboots.com.
That's T-H-U-R-S-D-A-Y-B-O-O-T Thursday boots.com. That's T H U R S D A Y B O O T S.com.
And get a pair of high quality boots that you'll be wearing for years.
Oh my God.
Coming up for oxygen there.
And how about you start that off with a little chirp to the Leafs,
man?
Why would you kick them when they're down?
No,
I was always a setup for my organic read.
You know,
like it was like, someone's getting, I know I tried to, it was a setup for my organic read. It was like someone's getting their ass kicked.
I know.
I tried to make a little quick joke there.
You're supposed to defend the coyotes, not the fucking Leafs here, Biz.
No, I know, but you missed my joke.
I said, why would you kick them when they're down?
Oh, right over my fucking head.
Would you kick with a boot?
That was an RA-type performance joke, and I thought you would have gone with it.
It didn't really make sense because it doesn't mean you have a boot on if you kick someone.
I think a lot of people liked it.
We'll get a fucking poll out for that one.
My one way to Orlando was in the same level.
I think let's put that fucking poll up, and I'll bet you 100 I win that.
Yeah, because you got all your ball lickers out there. The Bissonnette ball licking crew.
Oh, man, he's like a legend. Like a big legend.
Oh, man, tell me a story, bro.
Hey,
that's hockey. For a guy who churched me for
being in Florida, you're in Florida
an awful lot wet. I mean,
yeah, it's February and Florida's warm
and I'm looking to play golf.
Just because you like Panama Beach.
Don't bring me down.
Wow.
Hey, what a performance out of that Daytona crew.
Fucking that lodge man.
I don't know how he does it.
He's a fucking savage, that guy.
And I mean that in an endearing way.
He's a great guy.
I did the Podfathers with him.
Awesome guy.
And so is that Clem.
But the NASCAR, with that guy celebrating the win,
when you weren't sure if  who got in the accident?
Okay, so I don't think they knew it was that serious.
I think they stopped.
As soon as they heard, they stopped the whole celebration.
Oh, okay. All right.
I saw a lot of people online complaining it was really
Yeah, it's just one of those things where it was a fuck up, but as soon
as they realize, they're like, oh shit
man, we weren't trying to do that.
So I think we can sweep that under the rug.
Yeah, and that guy
and I wish I could think of his name. Can you know
the guy's name? Danny Hamlin. No, the guy who got
in the accident. Oh, was it
Wallace? Ryan Newman, I think.
Ryan Newman, he's out of the hospital. I saw
it today. Oh, that's great news there.
Posted a picture with, I think, his kids too as well.
Here was another note we got on Twitter.
This was from at famssjr.
He did a little research, and he said,
Brady Kachuk is on pace to become the first player ever to have 300 shots
on goal and 300 hits in the same season.
If it were to happen, it would happen in game 82 at
our current pace he's on i mean obviously they haven't been keeping those stats forever but
uh it's pretty unlikely it happened prior to keeping all these stats but 300 shots on goal
300 hits sounds an awful lot like his old man hey what yeah and it also um could be a situation where
some some arenas around the league
are very lenient on what is a hit.
I remember going into Madison Square Garden.
I could get three hits.
I could barely squeeze out a half a hit in any other building.
But it was like MSG, you know, a guy who's usually getting four or fives,
getting eight or nine.
So maybe Otto is kind of like that, but I wouldn't be surprised
if it really isn't because he does play with a serious edge.
And offensively, he's so talented he's on the power play.
The shots on goal isn't surprising at all,
but that is a lot of different times to be just throwing the old body around
up in Ottawa by our boy Brady.
And his brother, Matt, of course, played for the London Knights.
Biz, didn't you have something you wanted to address regarding the London Knights?
So, guys, sometimes I joke about stuff,
and I kind of repeat it as an ongoing joke, the London Knights situation.
So when I was playing in the OHL, they were the dream team,
and they would spank us, and I would leave that basically NHL arena
in the OHL going minus four.
And then, you know, that was on a good night.
On a bad night, I would be minus four,
and Brandon Pruss would cave my fucking face in,
and that's the reason I can't breathe out of one of my nostrils now.
So when I chirp London about cheating and paying guys
and giving them escalades, it's a joke.
So to Dale Hunter and Mark Hunter, like, because I heard I was ruffling feathers,
like they were going to check their books and shit.
Yo, I'm fucking kidding.
Chill out, guys.
Or face Dale in a dark alley.
Because the last time I did it, it was when the Coyotes had the issue going on with the physical testing.
And I said, the Hunters placed that joke, guys.
Come on.
They're like, say one more word.
We're going to put you on the ice and score an OT winner in the playoffs.
And Dale's going to just crush you from behind 20 minutes later. Yeah, well, you can't chirp him in my apology.
Well, it would be a horrible punishment
to have to score an OT winner in the playoffs
with Dale Hunter on the ice.
You're taking your own life in your hands scoring that OT winner.
Okay, well, I'm going to replace that with a compliment.
You guys have built a very well-oiled machine there in London.
Great atmosphere.
No wonder guys want to go and play there.
All jokes aside, I'm sorry.
I will no longer joke about that situation.
All right.
There we go, Biz.
We were just talking about Tony Twist a minute ago,
and that interview was definitely an adventure.
Like I said, it might have been our first dog interview, too. And speaking of adventures, sex is one that you want to last for more than a minute ago and that interview was definitely an adventure uh like i said it might have been our first dog interview too and speaking of adventures uh sex is one that you want to last
for more than a minute most guys biz we know try different ways to last longer thinking about stats
and trophies and all that shit well it doesn't work that's why you got to check out roman swipes
the secret to longer lasting sex roman swipes are clinically proven way to last longer in bed
they're effective easy to use and fast acting but don't require a prescription roman can ship swipes are clinically proven way to last longer in bed. They're effective, easy to use, and fast acting, but don't require a prescription.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each one is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
Swipes are great because they will not transfer to your partner,
so you can last longer without worrying.
And they're super easy to use.
Just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to good to good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets,
and you can get 10 off your first order of swipes.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets for 10 off your first order.
Right now, everybody's waiting for Alexander Ovechkin
to get goal number 700.
Interesting stat that came up.
For the longest time to go from goal number 698 to goal number 700, it know interesting stat that came up for the longest time to go from goal number
698 to goal number 700 it was brett hull uh it took him uh 12 games 11 games between his 698th
and 700th goal the shortest was phil esposito he scored two the very next game after 698
and right now ovies had five games with no goals in 27 shots since he scored 698.
That's per at Reschley on Twitter.
Just an interesting little stat.
Here's another one.
The Red Wings swept the Habs in the regular season for the first time ever.
These are two original six teams.
You thought it might have happened once before.
Then again, you know, it might not be totally surprising when you think about the history of the two teams.
The Habs are historically fantastic. A couple of dynasties over the span of the 50s 60s and 70s
whereas the Wings they had a nice team in the 50s and then they went for long stretches they didn't
even make the playoffs I think they made the playoffs twice in the 17 year span back when
fucking half the league made the playoffs so uh that was a quirky little stat that jumped out hey
Biz yeah wild stat i mean i guess
a bright spot in this very dark season i think 25 of their wins have came against the the montreal
canadians this year yeah tough look for the habs yeah no shit among others fucking so far this year
oh speaking of stats i was chirping myself about fucking up on the TSN panel. And then I actually read Quinn,
Quinn Hughes's stats when I was talking about Jack Hughes last episode.
So how fitting in the same episode.
So Jack Hughes at the time had 20 points,
not 45,
which is dumb because the episode before,
I think I was listening off Jack Hughes stats.
So I'm like this guy at 25 points in a week.
Biz,
I know you you taught you became
buddies with jay weinberg who's the drummer for slipknot and he's also the son of max weinberg
of course who was the drummer for bruce springsteen's e street band he's had some pretty
wild stories huh yeah i talked to him over on the phone uh they're in um i think where were they
he was overseas somewhere and uh they're doing a little tour but when he comes
back we're going to record a live uh interview with him um he he sent me an email i don't have
it teed up right now and and you probably don't want to fucking hear me uh read this whole email
we'll be here for another six fucking hours uh but he's going to come on the podcast and tell
tell us about his love for hockey and how he's always around it.
Did you say his father was the drummer for Bruce Springsteen already?
Yeah, Max Weinberg, legendary drummer for a legendary musician. So he actually tells a story in that email about the time that Gomez,
when he went to that Bruce Springsteen concert,
they were actually playing hockey in the back together.
So he was a young kid, and he was playing playing with gomer i forget what other players were there but they were they whoever
won the game was lifting one of the kegs in the back like it was a stanley cup so he'll come on
he'll go deeper into the whole story and uh and tell some more yeah i'm looking forward to that
i saw the email and i figured it'd be better to wait than like you said than me are you trying
to fucking repeat this story plus i'm sure he's got some doozies when your father's the drummer for bruce springsteen i'm sure he saw
some interesting i mean do you think they were partying like some of these other rock bands
um bruce isn't one of those guys who has like this like crazy led zeppelin like yes you know
that's why i said that yeah he i mean these other guys were fucked yeah oh yeah there's definitely
some debauchery from rock and roll bands over the years uh boys i got a note on the gambling corner um actually i haven't even mentioned it to you i
don't think i might have said the granite i'm gonna fucking take a little breather to be honest
with you uh because i don't want to do it just to do it and and honestly you can see the numbers
you can see how bad of a fucking month i had um you can't be done for good though you can't go
down like, okay.
No, that's why I said a breather.
That's why I'm taking a breather.
You folks saw the tough run I had, and it was worse than that because I slowed down.
I fucking reduced my bets.
It's one of these things I've been doing it for fucking 40 years.
I need to take a break before the playoffs.
And the other thing, too, is it's not a responsibility anymore
because Penn Gaming bought us,
so we're not obligated to do
MGM's ads anymore. We already finished them anyway.
You're taking a leave of absence from Gambling Corner.
Wolf, I'm taking a leave
of absence from Gambling, period.
I'm not going to be doing them on the sneak up.
Let me do it, then. Let me hop in. Let me see if I can go on
a little heater. Fucking right, dude.
Right now, like I said, I'm not obligated
for sponsors, and I don't want to tell people to bet stuff if i don't really mean it like i don't want people
actually for some reason listen you're good buddy you're good all right so we're taking a little
breather we'll be back i'm not quitting gambling fuck no uh i haven't said all that uh you know
life can be unpredictable and you don't want that to affect your bank account whether you want to
lower your monthly expenses or pay off debt sooner, Earnest Student Loan Free Finance has a solution just for you. If you're still paying the same
rate you were when you graduated, odds are you could reduce your monthly payment and save big.
Even if you have refied before, with today's low rate environment, most people can save by
refinancing once again. And Earnest is the low rate environment most people want so they can
save and refi again. Earnest is the easiest way to do it people want so they can save and refi again.
Earnest is the easiest way to do it as well.
It saves you time, saves you money.
Checking your new rate is fast and easy.
To start, complete a few questions online.
It takes about two minutes, and you'll get a personalized rate estimate,
all without affecting your credit score.
If you qualify, Earnest offers customizable loan terms and no fees.
You can even combine private and federal loans.
Imagine having one single monthly payment with one low rate.
Already refinanced a loan? No problemo.
You can still be eligible to lower your interest rate again.
Plus, the internet loves Earnest customer service.
They're rated 9.4 out of 10 on Trustpilot,
so you'll always get the support you need. So start saving today.
Our listeners get 100 cash bonus when you refinance a student loan
at earnest.com slash chicklets.
And that's E-A-R-N-E-S-T.
That's 100 cash bonus when you refinance a student loan
at earnest.com slash chicklets.
Go to earnest.com slash chicklets today.
Terms and conditions apply.
Can I ask you about the conspiracies at the airport in Denver?
What's up with that?
I read Coley's column about it.
I think there's just conspiracies, a lot of them.
That's really all they are.
I think the reason the airport is so big is because they could make it that big because there's nothing really around there like when you
look around right in that general area it's not close to downtown denver i mean it's not like
other cities like boston some people are saying it went like three billion dollars over budget
and there's a bunch of stuff underneath like yeah what is it area 51 style yeah yeah there's
definitely a lot of red flags.
And I think when you combine it with all the weird art
and that fucking horse statue that killed the sculptor
and all these kind of weird stories taken together, yeah.
And by the way, he said that airport's two times the size of Manhattan,
54 square miles that airport is.
That's bigger than the entire city of Boston.
That's fucking crazy.
Like, I mean, when you think of how small Logan Airport is.
I got off a flight there once, and I had to go to the other end.
I think it took me half an hour.
Oh, it's true.
It was the longest airport.
I think it runs the entire width of the state of Colorado.
Actually, I want to give a quick shout-out to my buddy Fitzy.
Shawshank Tech Rams, great job this season.
Go kick some ass in the tournament to my buddy Fitzy. Shawsheen Tech Rams, great job this season. Go kick some ass in the tournament to my buddy
Fitzy and the boys. I don't know if you have
any final notes or any other shit you wanted to add,
fellas.
Yeah, I wanted to say
thank you to
so many people who reached out to me.
It was my birthday today.
Humblebrag, not a big deal. But seriously,
I'm
the most grateful person in the world.
And so like on a day, you know, when you're thinking about, you know,
the past couple of years in my life and just have such a special family.
And every day I feel so blessed to like have you guys,
to have something going on post-career, to have great friends,
the most solid group of friends.
something going on post-career, to have great friends,
the most solid group of friends.
And it's like some days I feel like you almost feel like so bad and guilty that so many people are going through so much.
So I think it's good to say, you know, like it's just been such a wild year.
I have my own drink.
That is the biggest joke in the world.
I'm the biggest pigeon in the pantheon of NHL
players. I have a drink that came out this year. And so it's, it's just like you there's, there's
days where, where I kind of, it's really weird to, to try to describe. I don't know if anyone
else does this, but you feel like so guilty that things are going well. And, and that some people
that really deserve good things
to happen are struggling right now.
So I think of people like that a lot, and I think of how grateful I am.
And all you listeners, I can't thank you enough.
It's such a wild ride.
And you three guys, I want you to know, like everyone should know,
these three guys are making it happen.
They're texting all day.
I'm bad with the phone.
I don't do nearly the prep and stuff that you guys do,
and I want to thank you because, Biz biz we've seen so many players that have been
struggling after they're struggling.
And because of you guys and all the fans out there and,
and all my friends and my family, more importantly, I'm just so thankful.
And so I wanted to tell you guys that and, and I appreciate it.
Wow. Fucking well said my friend. And Hey, as long tell you guys that and, and I appreciate it. Wow.
Fucking well said my friend.
And Hey,
as long as you show up and tell those stories,
buddy,
we'll do all the prep.
Fuck you need,
man.
Well, I'm the guy that gets to see a woman sprint to a flight that is
non-existent because she wants to get off the plane.
So I love you guys.
I love everyone listening.
We love you,
buddy.
And my,
my son,
Ryder,
my wife. Thank you so much. I love you. And I'll talk to you guys love you, buddy. And my son, Ryder, my wife, thank you so much.
I love you, and I'll talk to you guys on Sunday.
Thanks for the kind words, brother.
Love you guys.
Peace.
As always, we'd like to say thanks to our awesome sponsors
and hope for you terrific listeners to take an advantage of them.
First up, we'd like a big thanks to Duncan,
a local favorite for a long time.
I've been slurping dunks for a long time.
Thursday Boots, welcome to the fam. You guys have been with us for a while favorite for a long time. I've been slurping dunks for a long time. Thursday Boots, welcome to
the fam. You guys have been with us for a while. Big thanks
to them. Thanks to Roman Swipes as well
for taking care of guys for a while now.
A big thank you to Bud Light
Salsa. We're going to be slurping those down all weekend
up Lake Winnipesaukee.
And last but certainly not least, a big thank
you to Ernest. Need to refi that
student loan check out earnest And may you grow to be proud
Dignified and true
And do unto others
As you'd have done to me
Be courageous and be brave
And in my heart you'll always stay
Forever young
Forever young
Forever young
Forever young
