Hey Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 248 of Spittin' Chickens, presented by Pink Whitney, from our great friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka, here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
We just literally flew into Toronto minutes ago.
Quick bite, quick burn, ready to rock and roll.
We had a long trade deadline show.
We got some nice fun stuff to jump into.
That trade deadline show, I tell you, we were...
It was a scattered show.
It was a scattered show.
Is the word sleepwalking or is that two words?
Just sleepwalking?
Describe it, you think?
Kyle Brodziak is not playing for the Oilers with.
And I didn't even catch it.
And I didn't even know that he wasn't either.
not playing for the Oilers with.
And I didn't even catch it.
And I didn't even know that he wasn't either.
The fact that some of these guys are able to keep track of all these players is beyond me.
And I guess I know now why Sportsnet had 25 people on their panels.
They had like six different rooms where those people were at.
I love the trade show, but we were busy that day.
We did like two interviews.
It was on the background.
I wasn't able to absorb it.
The most we saw was when we were on, when they invited you on,
and you were kind enough to invite me and Whit on.
How about R.A. Center Stage on the Canadian broadcast?
Honestly, I got a fist bump on camera.
That was awesome, dude.
A lot of people recognized that, that you are a team player.
You get a lot of shine, and you let me get the shine and i love you i like to think i repped good i
got asked about thorn i gave them you know a pretty good answer i tell you what i had a little
toke before i went on because i was so nervous like my anxiety was through the roof and and
right off the hop i asked them to put it on a tee for me and they're like oh and they and they they
asked me a pretty generic question and what you even said it in the other room you go this guy's hamster is turning on the
wheel and it's about to have a heart attack yeah it was uh you were you were panicking if you know
you you can you could just tell you had no clue what to say you actually for a second could not
think of one trade i know you that well um when i when i woke up and saw a tweet that said
um with with yeah no wonder broadziak hasn't played a big role in the oilers this year he
he's retired i did a fist bump and i was like that's unreal i can't wait to catch you for this
i probably knew or at least had been told Brodziak wasn't playing.
If you think this is the podcast where you're going to get the exact contracts
or the lineups or what.
I mean, now granted, a player being retired is probably a bigger mistake than most.
But people are saying no shit.
We're not correct about a lot of the stuff we're giving
our opinions we're not exactly the fact people we were told stuff and you know we give what we
think is uh maybe a funny opinion on on current league things so when there's times that i don't
know if a guy's technically retired or not you you gotta understand there's so many players i might
even be on the side cut me some slack i might be on the side of us not even talking about it next year
and acting like there was not even a deadline.
Yeah, apologies to the guys.
No, the deadline needs to, yeah, that was just, you can't.
I might not have gotten one of those moves correct.
I mean, I went home, you guys,
and I saw that Barkley Goudreau got a first rounder to San Jose.
I didn't even know about that trade when we were recording.
Apologies to him.
Apologies to Tyler Ennis.
He's another one I've been talking about.
Oh, man, we didn't even mention that.
We did declare before that it was a very busy day.
We had a few interviews.
We were bound to miss something.
And I believe Sonny Milano was another one we missed as well because he had a nice debut.
So sorry, boys.
Anyone else we missed?
I know there are a few other names.
Well, I mean, that's our race job, so you guys can take it up take it up with yeah you can take it up with me for not so maybe some of you
i was doing it so maybe some of you wonderful listeners are thinking well what a tough trip
to boston guys right this trade deadline special was a complete dud you sounded like fools you
didn't talk about half the deals yeah that may all be true you know what we did after that we interviewed cam neely
ever heard of him cam neely walked in and just he can turn it on he gave us an immediate hilarious
story about dumb and dumber and the whole scene of the kicking in the bathroom door we'll save
that i'm not going to ruin it and then we had derrick sanderson you guys ever heard of him the highest
paid athlete in the world at one time a complete cowboy who everyone loved to play with stanley
cup champion rookie of the year winner for the boston bruins and ra the 60s and 70s 70s most
it started in the 60s into the 70s yeah he him and joe namath ran together he was like the first
era of celebrity i I will say this.
His stories.
It was insane listening to someone talk about stories with Bobby Orr in them.
Like, it was just nothing.
There's a lot of Derek Sanderson DNA in you.
Like, you played a rascal game.
Like, you liked the potty.
Like, he was out making.
He was actually good.
And he was.
Listen, I will say this.
If you liked Eddie Shaq, you're going to love Derek Sanderson.
And we got a few more.
Of course, we got Brian Yandel with a rink shrink that will be dropping probably about in, what, two, three weeks, maybe a month's time.
Yeah, we got a lot.
We got Josh Hennessy.
This guy's a wild card.
I think you guys are going to like him, too.
We got Josh Hennessy.
This guy's a wild card.
I think you guys are going to like him too.
He has an insane story about his first 24 hours in Russia when he first got there.
This is Witt's buddy.
I thought he was excellent.
I was very entertained.
Who else did we get?
You mentioned B.Y.
Was back.
Walsh.
And Brennan Walsh.
Round two.
He's round two.
Tim Stapleton type.
So that pretty much sums up our Boston trip.
We're now in Toronto.
We're heading up to the Muskoka for the pond hockey.
It should be a wonderful time.
I guess I'll let G hop in here.
No, I'm going to hop in.
You said wonderful a couple times, and I thought.
Going through customs with Paul Bissonette into Canada,
it needs to be almost auctioned off because we're walking around.
We got and they're not.
What are their workers called here?
Those Royal County Royal Mountain Police.
Immigration.
Is that just straight up immigration?
Canadian immigration?
They're not.
Yeah.
They're not.
Biz.
Biz Nasty.
Yo, Biz.
And it is like you just got to follow this cartoon character around waiting for your bags.
Just having them say, what's up, waiting for your bags, just having them.
Say, what's up, bro?
They were great guys, and they actually helped Grinelli with his bags.
Did they?
They did.
They did.
Going back to the pawn hockey, it's Friday night party at Boston Pizza.
That's for players only.
Saturday morning, hockey starts at 8.45 a.m.
Opening ceremonies are at 8 a.m.
Boston Pizza will be open at 9 a.m. for food and drinks.
And again, there's a capacity limit, so admission is not guaranteed.
And closing ceremonies will happen around 4.30 p.m.
It's going to be a great time.
We're finally on the home turf.
This is the first time Chicklets has ever been together in Canada, correct?
All four of us.
All four of us in one place.
I haven't been in this in Goon, too. What about Halifax
when we went and saw Sid? That's
correct. That was in Canada. Damn it. That is part
of Canada. Ontario, you were
thinking, Biz. Yeah, Ontario. Your home
province. Sure, my home province. Fine, we'll
spin it. We're idiots.
What are we talking about? Let's talk about
the e-bug situation. So now, this
is spark debate.
I complimented it for how silly it is and i'm not that i'm not that hardcore of a hockey fan where i don't want to see weird shit happen like i want the e-bug thing i want this stranger who's
a regular joe who's 42 years old to step in and these types of stories to happen because I think it brings attention to our game.
It's a feel-good story.
He's on the late-night shows.
It's good.
It's good publicity.
Certain people are saying that this issue needs to be addressed,
and apparently at the GM meetings that are coming up,
they are going to try to address it where, yeah, I guess I could see why
because what if Ayers goes in there and he lets in seven on purpose
because he's a big fan of Toronto
and they're bringing him in for pre-game skates and stuff sometimes?
Right.
And what if that game was a little bit closer to playoffs
and two points was the difference between getting in?
I mean, you don't know what
and people would argue
there's no way somebody would ever do that you know if they got their chance to get in there
it's like well you don't fucking know bad 80s movie like well the goalie likes to give us a
regular team that win or his own team that win right right so it's like i don't know where some
people's moral compass are so you can't really be you can't really be flirting with the chance
that that may in fact happen and in the fact that you know playoffs nowadays that's could be tens of millions
of dollars into the owner's pocket so i don't think any owner would want that situation happening
to their team where they didn't make playoffs because of that so the argument was originally
brought up i think b think Brian Burke mentioned it.
I saw Versteeg say a funny thing in which, like,
if the third-string quarterback of the Dallas Cowboys went down,
the accountant down the road wouldn't be going.
And something to that effect I laughed at.
So I see the argument in the side of we need to make sure that this doesn't happen.
Somebody needs to be paid a salary.
Somebody that's just been in the game at a higher level and is definitely probably younger than 42.
Something to where it's maybe not a guy playing for either team.
That's another one of the things they bring up because of the money and because of what you say.
But in this instance, because of what's happened and how big of a story it's been i'm not going to be the fun
police in this one though because it it it was so entertaining i lost a shitload of money on it i
could still admit it was entertaining it was just it was must must watch tv and there was an also
an argument um yeah that it brings attention to the game but it's not like the people that are
paying attention because of this story are going to continue on as fans. You never know.
I mean, it still has
the NHL at the front of
sports stories that you never see.
He was on Today or Good Morning America
or one of those, or maybe both.
So,
I see both sides. I know I say that a lot,
but in this instance,
it's not...
Oh, and that's the other thing thank you for
remembering what your brain is on right now that's the best feeling in the world oh my god i think i
forgot it no i was gonna say no no no no no you're pumping your own tire no no no no that you forgot
oh i have it it's happened three times in, what is it, 100 years?
That's true.
So if this happens twice more before the end of the regular season,
no, once more before the end of the regular season,
or maybe twice including the end of this regular season and all of next season,
if we see it two more times, then maybe it's enough for me.
But it is so uncommon.
Let's just relax, guys.
And the reason it became
news, just FYI,
they asked Bill Dilley about it. The general manager's
meetings are next week. They brought
it up because it's in the news. It was Toronto
probably made it much more of a story than
it normally would have been.
No doubt a fact. They lost.
And he said, on Bill Dilley's
honest, he said, there's no easy fixes.
You know, you're talking about, like, well, what do you do about the rosters?
And like, okay, if we're going to add a roster, is it just going to be for a goalie?
In which case, you're talking about more cost if guys hire a team.
Do they want to do it?
And Joe Haggerty from Boston made a good point back.
You sent the column earlier, Biz Dad.
These guys aren't just scrubs off the street like everyone's talking about.
These guys are working with teams.
It's very common for these guys to work with teams throughout the year maybe they could tighten up the system a
little so there's not such a randomness to it like you said with like i've been saying if he has the
guy could play for either fucking team the last night was a perfect example the other night was
a perfect example snap it over hey they have they have to stay in those uh the russian places the
night before the bosses should they make them start doing that in north america
and you you just have to wear pads around the place the whole time you can't take your pads
off they just want to keep you ready i mean it is it is it is a hilarious look to the nhl where
you had a lot of people saying wait this this guy that that guy in the game with all the fans and the bright lights
and the cameras everywhere he is a zamboni driver like people are so shocked because you would never
see it in another sport imagine the bullpen guy coming in from like yeah yeah no i just i i like
i said i'm not going to be the fun police on this one either i'm just curious to know people who
follow us like what's your opinion on it Like But if most people are like
Yeah this is ridiculous
They actually gotta fix it
I'm like yeah
I'm on board with that
I don't know if you guys saw it
But they brought it up
Our Instagram caption
At the House of Commons in Canada
Oh yeah that guy
The guy
That was a great little speech he gave
He had a powerful voice on him
What was the guy's name
The other thing? I forget.
I'm not familiar with Canadian politics.
The whole David Ayers on doing the car wash, as we like to call it,
when you're just going through and he's doing all these interviews.
He is an employee of the Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment Group,
and he's on this nationwide tour celebrating beating the team that employs him.
It's just like
Oh, they didn't do well on his ringer night.
So Leafs.
When he went down to Carolina and he ran
Weak wrists?
No, I mean it wasn't his fault.
He wasn't playing, but they didn't
I thought you said he did a bad job.
No, come on.
I wouldn't be critical of him.
He's on cloud nine right now.
Let's move on. I wouldn't be critical of him. He's on cloud nine right now. Let's move on.
We got some other topics.
We have, well, I'll let you take it over.
All right, I'm sorry.
All right, yeah, like I said, we flew in business.
I was kind of watching you.
Do you not like flying?
You looked a little antsy in your seat.
I was kind of checking you out.
No, sometimes I get crooked in my head about ideas that I have for this podcast.
Okay.
And I look like.
I say you're soing your fingernails a little
bit with your teeth. Yeah, I look like
Kanye West when he's got the headphones
on in the first class seat when he's bobbing
up and down like crazy, just like
thinking of crazy ideas. There's one for you,
trickle memes, but
we got some hockey stuff. Yeah, alright, alright.
Absolutely, yeah. Tuesday night,
a lot of teams are back in action. There was only one game
Monday night. I know you guys want to talk about the rags, the aisles, the big hit.
Jacob Truba, absolutely buried.
Did you, I know you want to talk about it first.
I mean, it was a clean hockey hit with an unfortunate result, no?
100.
Like, I kept reading online from enough people, like,
this is exactly what the game's trying to take out.
It's just like, what do you mean a guy
skating straight up ice with his head down who gets rocked like Trouba is a taller guy he gets
down he puts shoulder first like the guys the the guys keeled over because that's how guys skate
he's trying to go up ice so the first thing is he's leading with is his head i mean it's just it's it's unfortunate
but like that's a fucking hockey hit and and and if you're telling me that's the hit they're trying
to eliminate from hockey it's just like okay well then let's just take out fucking open ice hitting
or just take out hitting in general i i must be going fucking crazy And if I'm being made to feel like a bad person where I'm saying like,
are you people on crack?
Are you people fucking?
Am I going crazy?
Where that's a hockey hit.
Middle of the ice.
Buries the fuck.
He's in a squat position.
He's not jumping.
He lowers the shoulder.
It just so happens the other guy's leading with his head where where do you want that guy to hit him he can't get any fucking lower
that's a good hockey hit let's move the fuck on yeah i think we even have to move on now because
you took you took my points when i was thinking i said what am i going to say after this i said
you know what i was just going to mention there's actually nowhere else to hit him.
Like, he's going right through the train tracks.
His head is down.
And it's not at all like Trouba is lifted up high.
He has his shoulder lower almost.
Would you say that if we're not going to allow that hit, we might as well just take hitting out of hockey?
Hitting is done.
The problem is it looks violent.
He gets buried.
That's the game. it's a violent game and the weird thing is if you say that now it it triggers some people so bad like it like they can't imagine the thought of it being violent like it shouldn't be
allowed but that's how it's always been it's always been you'll hear derek sanderson it's like it's like it's like oh i'm not gonna i'm not gonna take advantage of
this guy's head down and and be able to close the gap on him separate him from the puck and then we
can transition and go back on offense oh i have to say oh no i can't make a hockey play anymore
because i don't want anyone fucking getting their feelings hurt. So I'm going to actually back off and let them gain zones and win hockey games.
No.
It's fucking contact hockey.
Fuck off with your shitty fucking opinions on that type of shit.
Yeah, it was Mike.
That was so eloquent.
You know what I'm saying?
Am I going?
I'm going crazy.
Yeah, it was Michael Del Col that he buried.
And there's been no word from the Department of Player Safety as of what?
Did he get a penalty?
11-30 right now.
So I think it's safe to say he's in the clear at this stage of the game.
Because if they were going to bring him in or ring him up,
they would have at least sent word of a phone call by now.
And as I said, I would just be happier if they said,
hey, we're just going to take out hitting,
where I didn't have to argue these points. Where I'm like, all right, fine, fuck it.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure you wouldn't be arguing other points that come up if there was no hitting.
That wasn't the only controversy in that game, Biz, as well.
There was a disallowed goal.
Oh, yeah, what?
A disallowed goal.
There was a disallowed goal as well.
There was some controversy about that as well.
And it's so funny.
The Rangers and Islanders, and they're just totally different fan bases they all see it one way they
all see it the other way but to me i'm i don't know why i think if a guy's in the crease and
the goalie can't make the save then they're gonna take they're gonna fucking take it back i wasn't
surprised they didn't allow it at all i thought it was one of the worst non-allowed goals. I really thought that it was an unfair call.
100.
I'm not saying they should have called.
I'm just saying I wasn't surprised that they called it.
Really?
Because there's been a pretty fair inconsistency over the years
about which goaltender interference.
We fortunately haven't had a lot of it lately,
but it was kind of one of those like, okay,
the guy was at the top of the crease.
He did make contact with him. Was it enough it enough to well i i was in the blue i mean well he was in the blue i
believe his heels were there but the thing is he or established positioning where the goalie came up
and he put his trapper on his back did he not is that not how the contact initiated his own guy was making more contact with
him than than the was it lee anders lee was in front right yes yeah yeah listen i don't think
that should have been called goalie interference i think that's a very soft call and i think they
got that one wrong islanders take the fucking short end of the stick again. Would you agree with me, Whit?
Yeah, I mean, I didn't see him as much in the blue as you're saying, R.A.
He might have had a heel in there.
It's more about for me, okay, on the replays,
if you had all physically touched the goalie and you can really argue about pushed into him or not,
I'm talking about if contact's made
and you see a goalie flinch in any sort of way,
you can kind of tell, Biz, if you know what I mean, that it affected him.
Unless a goalie's great at acting.
I think that I'm pretty good at being able to tell, oh, that's no goal.
It's like an eye test, whereas no one made any contact with him.
Was Lee's heels even in the crease?
Maybe the right heel looked like it could have been.
I'm not saying it was an obvious call.
I'm saying I'm not surprised.
There's a subtle difference there.
No, I get why you're saying that like that now
because you know someone's just going to go off on your first opinion.
I could see it easily going the other way.
The tweet will be sent by the time this already hit this part of the podcast.
Oh, by the way, dude, we just said Toronto.
We didn't mention who we're dropping yet.
I think we probably should do that if we're in Toronto.
Correct.
And the fact that we ran into Brandon Shanahan at the airport today.
Dude, we talked to Neely yesterday.
We bump into Shani today.
Dude, like as a 90s hockey fight porn guy,
like the last 48 hours for me have been like, oh my God,
like these guys fought each other.
They were absolute warriors, legends,
and to meet them and shoot the shit with them,
it's been a real fucking treat, man.
And, of course, you guys, half of you probably know the interview is Austin Matthews.
If some of you haven't read the title, then now you know.
Yeah, absolutely.
Good stuff.
Honestly, boys, I think this gift was making the rounds.
It might have been the funniest thing I've seen all year.
It was a glove fight between P.K. Subban and Tyler Bertuzzi
in Tuesday's game between the Devils and the Wings.
Granted, not too many people are watching at this stage.
They look like the honeymoon.
It was like first P.K. threw his glove at Bertuzzi,
kind of caught him up high, and then they were skating him up.
Then Bertuzzi threw his at Subban, caught him in the back.
I've never seen it before.
I've seen gloves get thrown, but not like a back of foot.
It looked like a married old couple getting fucking separated, bro.
Yeah, I haven't seen the clip.
Oh, you haven't seen that one?
All right, well, either way, boys.
It sounds like my type of fight, though, if you're just throwing gloves at each other.
I love that.
Yeah, it was pretty.
I'd really stand in and chuck them if we were fighting that way, but it was like the linesman
was holding PK back.
He couldn't go anywhere, but he still wanted to do something, so he chucked them.
But all right, boys, you know,
it looks like either one of those guys might be a little stressed out
for the long, tough season.
It sounds like they could use a little Theragun action.
The stress of daily life weighs on us all,
whether you're an elite athlete or just playing a regular person
trying to get through the day.
Muscle pain and muscle tension is a real thing.
That's why I use Theragun,
the handheld percussive therapy device that releases your
deepest muscle tension using a scientifically calibrated combination of depth, speed, and power.
I think it's been well established by now that I'm not Charles Atlas, but even a middle-aged
guy like me needs to get rid of the tension once in a while, and that's why the Theragun,
it's like a high-tech masseuse. Back in 2007, Theragun's founder, Jason Worsland, was injured in a traumatic
motorcycle accident that left him with debilitating muscle and nerve pain. When he couldn't find
anything that actually helped him because he was so desperate to get out of the pain,
he created Theragun. Theragun is a handheld percussive system that uses over 250 professional
sports teams worldwide, physical therapists trainers chiropractors
celebrities athletes and everyday people in over 40 countries perfectly weighted and ergonomically
sound theragun's unique multi-grip design is designed to maximize ease comfort and usability
with zero stress or pressure on forearms hands and wrists whether you're treating yourself or others
feel better naturally treat your pain and get back to your life.
Try Theragun risk-free for 30 days or your money back by going to theragun.com slash chicklets. For a limited time, our listeners to this podcast get a free charging stand with purchase.
That's a 79 value.
Again, that's theragun.com slash chicklets, theragun.com slash chicklets.
Check it out, man.
I got mine the other day.
Thing works great.
Boys, San Jose, Philly, another entertaining game Tuesday night.
Boy, Hazy, the Flyers are now 17-0-1 when he scores.
He's got 21 goals, 17 helpers on the end.
I think he's shut a few people up, Biz.
He's been awesome, and he's done a lot more than just score goals
too he's a great guy in the locker room that's obvious from that interview that he had and just
the way he interacts with his teammates i mean you guys see him in the tunnel and and he he's a
glue guy right when he said he was gritty when he when he said exactly when he said he was gritty
but uh speaking of haze he's coming after us in the alcohol department. This guy dropped a beer the other day or something.
He is apparently coming after us, although I will say,
his looks like it might be an IPA, Mikey.
Yeah, hazy double IPA.
It's a first draft small batch series called Big Hazy 13.
That's a lot of writing on that beer.
It is.
I mean, if you have two or three um double ipas you're feeling
fantastic it's like you know it's like if you're drinking at the garden or any any pro sports arena
where they just go down and just crush you yeah they pack a wallop and uh there was another call
in that game that a lot of people are bellyaching about as well claude the rude claude jeru got hit
by noah grega and greg was penalized for an illegal check to the head. I mean, he wasn't even close.
It was body on body.
Like, it still sucks for a guy.
You get that kind of on your record, you know, and you didn't do it.
I'm not sure if it can be rescinded or not.
Tyler Toffoli.
I mean, I heard the Bruins were getting him,
and I got excited a long time ago, and I wish I didn't.
And this is why, man.
He's been with Vancouver for two games.
They've won both of them.
He's got three goals and an assist. He's fit right in. Like, I'm no surprise. The kid has got a winning pedig why, man. He's been with Vancouver for two games. They've won both of them. He's got three goals and an assist.
He's fit right in.
I'm no surprise.
The kid has got a winning pedigree, man.
Yeah, he's so good around the net, too.
He's just one of those sneaky goal scorers.
Listen, this team continues to just make me eat my words.
I was a little  I was surprised that they were continuing to go after it,
even though they'd suffered the injury to Besser and not knowing that it was their year.
They're confident and they keep winning.
So, Whit, I'll throw it over to you.
I believe you were pretty confident in this move, too, that they would get him going.
I liked it because he was going to be with Pearson and he was going to be comfortable.
And it's gotten off to a very, very nice start.
Yeah, I just think the ability to just hop into the playoff race is what I said that day also with him showing that he can score in big moments I mean he was huge in that cup run uh their team
the whole team is exceeding expectations so it it it's no surprise when you go into a lock on that
that's like that positive.
You go there and everyone's in a good mood because all year things have been going pretty solid.
Way better than a lot of people thought they would.
So for that to happen, guys are, you know, they're playing outside themselves.
They're playing beyond their expectations.
So you come in and maybe you've had a slow year and you just feel that energy.
And granted, that kind of sounds easier said than done done but getting on the ice having some connection i'm trying to look up who they play
with this is an example like i don't know who he's been playing with i should probably know that but
i'm open and honest with all you guys i don't i just do know that if you look at the bruins if
you look at a couple other teams that were in the market for getting a really good forward, it seems like the entire Metro was.
That was a guy that teams probably figured,
a little success and what he's done in the past makes me want this.
A little success that he's probably due this year and what he's done in the past,
we want to bring him in.
So you've got to give Vancouver credit where they got ahead of that early
and didn't wait until the trade deadline exact Monday.
They probably figured they didn't want to have to do it on a day that we were like
had our three mugs on a FaceTime screen on the Sportsnet Trade Center show.
But either way, they got ahead of it, and they got a great player.
Also got to mention, he's a UFA, so he's basically playing for next year as well.
He's only 27, I believe.
He could be looking at a nice little payday if he has a hell of a playoff.
I love those guys. And, dude, Vegas He could be looking at a nice little payday if he has a hell of a playoff. I love those guys.
And, dude, Vegas, they kind of stumbled a little bit,
but they picked things up, won six in a row as of this recording.
They're still playing Edmonton right now, 7-2-1 in the last 10.
You know, Flurry was kind of off a little bit,
but they went out and they got a hell of a goaltender.
They went from having a bonafide backup and a bonafide number one
to two bonafide number ones, man.
And you got to think that makes them somewhat of a fucking favorite in the West.
No, Paul?
I said, I think a couple weeks ago, that I thought they were going to win the Pacific.
So, I mean, we talked about them picking up Leonard.
I thought it was a no-brainer considering they don't have to commit to him long-term.
He's got to the end of the season.
I think we'll see where it goes.
But, no, I like the move as a backup
because Flower hasn't necessarily played up to his abilities this year.
They're beating Edmonton right now, which, R.A., you said,
oh, you know what we lost over there?
That's what it was, Vancouver.
I don't know how they won a bunch.
No, in Vancouver, though, Markstrom.
Mark, you got hurt.
Yeah, I get that.
And just because we talked about Toffoli, what he's done.
Markstrom, man, that, I think it's two weeks minimum.
It sounds like he had a procedure, actually.
It was from the team release, a quote,
minor body procedure per team will be re-evaluated in two weeks
as far as when he can play.
Yeah, man.
What he's done, and he's been the backbone of that team
and the surprises we just mentioned,
you've got to hope that it's just something minor
and he's able to come back.
And even missing a couple weeks, you know, you're in a groove, Biz,
and you feel it.
And if at any point you've got to take a couple weeks off,
it's hard to get it back and get back to where you were
just because of those few days. It's like if you take two days off in the nhl it feels like you've
never skated the next time you're on the ice listen and and i would agree with you but this
team has been very resilient all season long and i've continued to doubt them so at at some point
i gotta say hey biz just shut the fuck up and let them keep winning, bro. Bruh.
You just brought him?
You just brought any hater of the No, I brought myself.
Yeah, boys, keep with the Tuesday night theme.
Edmonton-Anaheim, that was like the traded
guy special game. Newest Oilers
Tyler Ennis and Andreas
Anthony...
Anthony, see you. I butchered that time.
They were pulling McDavid. Each had a goal and an assist.
Immediate dividends.
But it was former Blue Jackets, Sonny Milano, who opened and closed the scoring
with the old PPOT GWG.
Oh, my God.
That was great, all right.
That one, a little controversy in OT when McDavid was whistled for tripping,
hit the guy in his calf.
He went down, looked a little weak.
Not something I might have called an OT, but it happened.
They ended up losing after that, but it was an entertaining game,
but it just showed these guys, they made immediate dividends.
It's bringing an element to Edmonton.
Is that enough for them?
P-P-O-T-G-W-G.
Is that how you said it?
I did.
Not bad.
I was better than how Witt says Mississippi.
Oh, shit.
How about McDavid?
Right back into the swing of things.
Didn't skip a beat.
Yeah, six points in his two games back.
Might be seven.
Oh, yeah.
Big guy.
I don't know.
Ennis, I was thinking more about Anthony Seale, who also, he looked great.
But Ennis, you kind of think of how smart he is, how clever he is at the puck.
Like, he'll make plays that are so high-level skill.
You don't see many guys even think to try it.
That's kind of Ennis' game.
We were getting hammered on the fact that we didn't really bring him up.
A lot of people thought that.
Brodziak could play on that line, though, if he's not there.
I would say some people are saying it's probably the biggest steal of the trade deadline for what the return was.
Absolutely.
And the thing about a guy like McDavid,
I mean, you could put a stiff mean Grinelli out in World School
if he's playing with him.
No, that's not a diss.
Should we pick him up for our pond hockey?
No, it's just that these guys, oh, God, no.
Maybe we'll fucking get a few wins.
We might need McDavid to fucking get a W this weekend.
But, no, I mean, he's so good that anyone you put with him
is going to be better, especially skilled guys.
So, yeah, we're going to see these guys probably, you know,
look a lot better than they have all year, no doubt.
Absolutely.
And maybe Anthony Nassio can get away from that green jacket
because Kami is taking no prisoners.
No, he never does.
That's Kami's style.
All right, boys, some other news.
Not always happy.
Defenseman Jake Muzzin expected to be out of the lineup
for approximately four weeks
after suffering a broken right hand the other night playing for Toronto.
Defenseman Callie Rosen has been recalled from the Mollies.
Toronto D-man banged up.
It's crunch time.
They're already kind of on the cusp.
Not good.
LeWitt, I'll let you go, man.
This is going to be
No, I think they're all Marlies right now,
or this year were at one point.
Well, me and Steve were actually watching an interview right before this,
and one of the guys was interviewed, and he was like,
yeah, it's basically the 17-18 Marlies championship decor.
The only guy that's not on the decor is Vincent Laverde,
who was playing, who was my old captain for the Manchester Monarchs,
and of course, Ontario Reign.
So they're going to have five guys on the back end from that team.
I mean, if there's ever a time for the guys
who are making significant money on that team to step up.
Now, another thing too is I feel like we get caught up in all the drama of it.
This core group is still very, very young.
And in a league now where there's so much expectation to win really soon,
well, these guys are still trying to figure it out.
I mean, O-Dog said it best, man.
They don't have an identity.
It might take them a few more years to find it.
I know it's unfortunate that you guys were only able to get the month on five-year deals but it's uh it should be interesting i'm i'm interested to see how
resilient these guys can be at such a young age yeah and i shouldn't have said all the memorials
it's it's obviously tyson barry's there but this is what this is what shows how how this is how it
shows or proves that luck is involved in winning at this league,
especially winning the cup, let alone just making the playoffs.
If this had happened to Muzzin a day before or the game before,
they're able to at least go out on the deadline and try to grab somebody,
at least a depth guy, and see, all right, we need somebody who has NHL experience
to fill this void maybe for a couple weeks to just get us into the playoffs.
And it happens right after the deadline.
And it's a killer to a team who's battling injuries.
And at that point, they're probably thinking,
there's no way anything worse can happen.
There's always something that's worse that can happen.
But you'll see guys maybe step up,
and this is when you need your goalie to just play incredible.
He's got to go on a run.
He's missing a lot of his big guns right in front of him,
so he needs to be making saves that he normally wouldn't have to make
if all the defensemen that's on that team's roster are healthy.
Yeah, I like to see Freddie perform well.
I'm a big Freddie guy.
Yeah, he's awesome.
Yeah, I'm a fan of him too.
Yeah.
Victor Mite, defenseman for Montreal.
He's done for the year too, broken foot.
But I love clothing the subtle way he reminds the Burger Van that, you know,
Toad Blake probably wouldn't get this team to the playoffs.
He's like, hey, another long-term loss for our team.
Let's add this one to the long list of players who were injured this year.
Like kind of reminding the GM, like, hey, man, this ain't my fucking fault.
You know the way I coach, and the guy's been hurt all year.
I mean, I don't think anyone can get to that team in the playoffs.
Nope.
I agree.
Also, too, Joe T.
I thought these were some pretty candid comments.
He said he would have accepted a trade.
He, quote, wanted a shot.
You know, two of his buddies, Marlo and Dylan, they were dealt.
I'm sorry, and Barkley Goodrow.
They were dealt to other teams.
And he said, I mean, he actually said he had to go back to the grind.
I mean, that's what I said when I used to have to be a custodian in clean classrooms.
He's going back to the Sharks.
It's kind of like not insulting, but it's like, fuck, man.
Like, you know, it's kind of weird.
No one could find a spot for him when you think about it.
So it's kind of weird.
No one could find a spot for him when you think about it.
So, Biz, I wanted to ask you,
do you think that it was Doug Wilson was kind of looking for too much,
or do you think that it was that nobody was interested?
I don't know. But I will say, considering that he can just come back next year,
if I were Doug Wilson,
I would have just been like, hey, I'll take a seventh rounder, maybe a condition.
I'll do whatever it takes to move this guy.
I would love to give you an example, but I don't really know how to do that.
I just felt like saying it.
A condition is just like a pack of domes and a subscription to Maxim.
A Maxim subscription. homes and a subscription to maxim a maxim subscription
a brass's account subscription for okay anyway back to what the fuck we were talking about here
yeah just to like allow him to go get a chance but like you said i don't know maybe they were
asking for like a fourth rounder where some teams were just like hey it's and and and remember he's
he's not he's making five million so for
someone to just kind of take him on for just for if they see him in their lineup as like the extra
then yeah it's there's no real point for some of these teams to do it so it was just kind of sad
to read to be honest yeah in the 22 years and i've been trying to get this thing or something
whatever you said it was uh it was tough to see because he deserved to go somewhere
and maybe be on the fourth line I mentioned
and just be around the atmosphere of trying to go for it.
I'm shocked that not another team.
I wish I would know what the ask was, though.
I don't want to be critical of anyone before I know what the fuck they want.
That's the question.
I just can't see that
Doug Wilson would have been holding out
and not doing his
best to move him. I don't know either one
of them. I'm going to text this kid and ask him. I know this kid.
This kid lives in Scottsdale. I'm going to say, hey,
and if you can't tell me, I'll say, all right, go fuck yourself.
Doug Wilson's kid? Yeah, Doug Wilson's kid.
Be like, yo, yeah, call your dad, Doug, and say,
Doug, what'd you do? Dad, please
tell me. All right, I'll say one favor.
So we can move on and stop speculating. Okay. You know, maybe some contenders Call your dad, Doug, and say, Doug, what'd you do? Dad, please tell me. Did you try to say anything? All right, I'll say one favor. I'm going to call him.
So we can move on and stop speculating.
Okay.
You know, maybe some contenders just couldn't justify the room for him.
Maybe they don't want to take what they'll line up, you know?
I should have told Chica to jump in the mix.
Dranelli's twin, Quinn Hughes, this kid, man, he's unreal.
I know some guys we check in every once in a while,
but Quinn Hughes of the Canucks is averaging 0.82 points per game this season,
is on pace for a record 66 points this season.
Only four rookie defensemen have hit that mark in a season.
Larry Murphy, Brian Leach, Gary Schroeder, and Phil Housley.
Eighth rookie D, 20 or younger than Nudge, 50-plus points in a single season.
I mean, these names you get mentioned with,
there's, I think, eight or nine rookies under 20.
Guys.
It's insane, dude.
Listen, I was the biggest McCarr fan,
and I think that I would have to give the nod at this point to Quinn Hughes.
He's just been on this rapid pace.
I would say he's got the slight edge in
this Calder race uh yeah you can't argue it you can argue it but both of them are just so good
in their own right I I'm never gonna be able to decide who I think at least for two three years
I mean this is one year watching these guys so for me to say who I think is better, it's just not fair.
But those names,
R.A., I mean,
those are all-time great, some of them.
Brian Lee. Yeah, those are all
Hall of Famers. All four of them.
Gary Suter is, I think.
If I'm not mistaken, he's close.
Wow. Okay.
I'm going to say he isn't NHL
Hockey Hall of Fame, Gary Suter,
but I could be wrong there.
Check that HockeyDB quick while I try to think of some thoughts here.
Quinn Hughes, though, if you actually do end up ratcheting the numbers up
that those guys threw up their rookie year, that just shows in the future,
I mean, maybe everyone was getting a little too excited for the wrong brother.
I mean, that's a year that his expectations next year,
what are your expectations next year that he gets 80 points?
His second year in the league as a D-man.
So it's just been an awesome year for Vancouver Canucks fans.
You guys should be, you catch some heat from us once in a while
for burning down your city when your team lost the cup.
But you should be loving us because we're just all over your club tonight. We've been slobbing your guys' knob.
You think Jack thinks he should have went to college, did the one year like Quinn did
at Michigan?
Oh, I don't know.
He's in the National League.
I'm too high for that topic.
It's been a bad year in Jersey, and there's been some tough times for him, especially
at the beginning, but it's hard to say to somebody or even think somebody would say
that I'm in the NHL at
18, 19 years old and I wish I was playing college hockey.
Yeah.
Tough to fucking disagree with that.
Gary Sura, to answer this question, he won the Cup in 89 with the Flames.
Forgot about that for some reason, but not a Hockey Hall of Fame.
I believe he's in the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame, though.
Doesn't say it here.
So what else do we got here?
Well, the names are synonymous with just success and winning in USA Hockey.
No doubt about it.
No surprise here, but it's been made official.
Jason Beaumiste, J-Bo, out for the year after his cardiac episode in Anaheim.
You know, it's obviously not surprising.
We just want to wish him well and great health moving forward.
Not much to add there.
Our global correspondent, Matt Murley, checked in.
He reported to us that the Asia League final has been canceled due to coronavirus.
Yeah, you didn't know he had a global correspondent, did you?
The fact that this didn't happen to Murls,
he probably could have had a huge bonus set up.
And if you win the title, you get this many, whatever,
is it yen or whatever their their monetary uh system is and he could be guaranteed that this would have happened but he's
back he's not over there anymore so this i was surprised that he didn't have to experience kind
of what he would call a bad beat like the coronavirus taking away some possible earnings
uh we want to send out our best regards to Hershey Bear Center,
Kale Kesey or Kale Kesey.
He got in a scrap with Checkers D-man Derek Shepard the other night.
Took a fucking solid right, was out cold.
All three guys involved waved in the fucking trainer right away.
And I know people get scared with that shit.
I'm sure he's going to be fine, but it's always tough to see.
I was scared to watch.
It's scary, you know, but
hopefully he fucking
you know, he's no more than
dinged up, but he fucking, it was ugly to
see, so we just want to send our regards
to him. Interestingly, the
Q was going to vote to ban fighting
in its league, but per Hockey
Fights and at our
Pompoussou, quote, they couldn't
reach an agreement in the meeting,
so there wasn't a vote, so you can still fight in the queue.
All right, this news segment was brought to you by Budweiser,
the beer that's helping bring guys together.
Along with Bud Seltzer, Budweiser Canada is back for our official beer
of Spittin' Chickens of 2020.
Bud is helping us guys get together for Pond Hockey Tournament Toronto.
Can't wait. this sponsor in the
late online hottest shot contest
where the winner can go up against
our boy Grinnell for what? Fastest shot, Grinnell?
Yeah, I got sandbagged
into that one. That's going to be a tough look for me.
I hope we don't put that on video.
That's going to be a video that probably
doesn't go away either.
Hey, wait. You want to know what my shot was
the last one?
84?
84, did you say?
Yeah.
42.
Shut up.
I shot one. I shot one.
It was 71.
But the one that was on the record.
42, it must not have registered.
I don't know.
So, anyways, you're going to get the one that gets assigned.
Budweiser buzzer and a year's supply of Budweiser.
Man, what I would have done for that when I was 15.
Lay it on the line.
Bet for Pond Hockey about Grinnell.
Which do you over about how many goals will Grinnell score at Pond Hockey?
What do you think?
We said four.
I said he'll get over, and Witt said there's no way playing against these Canadian boys.
I mean, I'm confident in my boy G.
I know Dave Portnoy is all over him about Scrapp.
Listen, I'm not going to harp on Grinnelli for sure in any type of effort
because half the team didn't show up, Dave,
and a lot of those guys are the ones who sit right outside your office every day.
So maybe your laziness is rubbing up on them,
and that's why they're being lazy.
So how about you worry about your own guys and leave my boy Grinnelli alone?
All right.
Will Grinnell be stripped of his captaincy before the end of the tourney wit I mean the fossil you never know I've been supposedly fired but I haven't been told anything yet I mean
I I think if anyone would would strip it it would be me and I'm not gonna strip the guy in front of
everyone of his sea that's just a tough look.
I may say to somebody that he probably doesn't deserve to be captain,
but I do not think he'll have the C removed from his jersey
before the weekend's over.
Yeah, I don't think it really fucking matters at this stage.
You know me with Cs.
Well, either way, Budweiser is the classic lager.
A beer as dependable as the fringe you share it with.
And we can't wait to get together in Toronto for Pond Hockey.
If you're anywhere near there, make sure to come out and watch all the games.
Boys, I think it's about time to send it over to Austin Matthews, AM34.
Let's do it.
Folks, this guy needs no introduction.
This will be his second time on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Unfortunately for us, we do not get to watch him in the All-Star game.
He will be sitting out with a wrist injury.
Brady Kachuk gets the nod, but you're still a great guy.
You end up showing up.
You're going to mingle with the fans.
I'd imagine you've got a ridiculous suit.
Welcome back to the Spit and Chicklets podcast, Austin Pablo Matthews.
Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
Appreciate it.
And the first in person.
The first time was over the phone. This is the first in person. The first time was over the phone.
This is the first in person.
That's right.
Both of them.
Or no, just the one.
So much better rhythm when you get in person.
Now, have you shaped the mustache since the beginning of the season,
or have you kept it the entire time?
Like shaped it?
I've had to trim and stuff just so I'm not biting it or eating it.
But never clean shaven.
So clean shaven, excuse me.
I'd imagine that's because things have been going well since you've had it. But never clean-shaven. So clean-shaven, excuse me, I'd imagine that's because things have been
going well since you've had it.
Yeah, I mean, there's been some ups and downs, but yeah,
I think I've got to ride it out for
the rest of the year. Buddy, you are
scoring at a rapid pace, right now
on pace to set the record
as a Maple Leaf. I'd imagine fans would go
absolutely bananas if that happened.
I mean, I hope it happens.
You know, Rick Five, pretty good player he's decent yeah he was decent uh i spoke with him actually the other day and i mean he's
pulling for me but um he's sawing your sawing your sticks right in between periods right now
we're not in a playoff spot so i think probably the most important thing is that we kind of get
on track i mean i i've watched you all year and said it, like we were talking to Jack Eichel, it's similar.
You just keep getting better every year.
So has anything felt different?
I mean, I know with the coaching change,
obviously the way the team's played has changed,
but individually do you feel like it's at a different level this year,
at least scoring-wise?
Just like more confidence.
I mean, obviously like you said,
I think we're playing a little bit different now,
so I think it suits my game a little bit better
and a lot of guys that we have on the team a little bit better.
So I think that change has been good for a lot of us.
And I just want to kind of keep that going.
Probably hasn't heard a couple of the guys are having breakout seasons.
William Nylander has been lights out.
He just needed training camp.
Yeah, that's a lot.
It is useful occasionally.
You should have seen him when he came in last year.
Six months of just practicing and working out.
Just working out.
He was an absolute mountain.
He was so big.
He was shredded.
Too big though?
It was too big, yeah.
He's just been working out for six, seven months.
You're not playing any games, so you kind of lose weight, right?
You're skating every night.
You lose a couple pounds sweating a bunch, and he came in so big,
and I was like, my goodness, this guy's an animal.
Can we talk about this guy's off-ice style?
I was just going to bring it up.
They all got style, but, I mean, the pink hat and, like,
what do you think about his look?
I like it.
Do guys bust his balls?
Yeah, we kind of jerk him all the time, but, like, he doesn't care.
Like, he's just kind of that's how he is.
But, yeah, he's very, like, Hollywood-esque, you know, very sweet, right?
Just very, like, good-looking guy, great hair.
Great hair.
You know, his style is, you know, pretty out there.
But, I mean, I'm a fan.
I like it.
You get your own style, too.
The last couple times we've seen you, you've got some fancy get-ups.
I noticed your jacket, a Thriller Manila jacket.
Are you a boxing fan or is that just for the style?
I'm actually a pretty big Muhammad Ali fan.
And Zach Hyman's, it's like a weird story.
Like, his buddy started this company and he actually got me, like, a big care package with a bunch of stuff in it.
Like, three, four years ago. And this was one of the jackets i was in there and i wear it all the time you ever watch any of his old fights on youtube or anything ali yeah i've
seen some of his old fights uh i watched that documentary when he came out on netflix uh like
a year or two ago so you know pretty yeah pretty interesting what do you think of will smith in
the movie ali is that when you watch no it was like an actual documentary with him. No, I meant, like, have
you seen the Ali one with Will Smith? No, I haven't.
Oh, it's a good one. I thought he did. Did he win
an Oscar for that? No, he didn't. I think he was nominated.
He didn't win, though. Oh, I thought he went
down as, like, a horrible actor of Ali.
Is he known as that? That was, like, good. I thought
he did a good job. He looked like him. I remember that.
Do you watch, like, you just watch the McGregor fights?
You into that stuff? Yeah, I do. I am.
Yeah, like, MMA. I was always boxing, but now it's like I'd much rather watch a big MMA fight.
Yeah, it's just more entertaining because there's just so much more that can go on.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, that fight was great.
I mean, it lasted 40 seconds, but it was a pretty entertaining fight.
You ever been to one of those in Vegas, big MMA fight?
No.
I bet it's electric, though.
That's on my list.
Well, besides, you can get dummied walking out of one of them if you say something to
one person at an MMA fight.
Or if you're front row and you've got Khabib trying to
or McGregor throwing a chair or something like that.
Yeah, so many high notes in there.
Get the sign waiver.
But everyone gets jacked up.
But even a big boxing match, a big fight,
everyone gets all adrenalized and shit.
A lot of fights in the
A lot of testosterone in those arenas too.
So he was talking about the clothes.
I noticed recently i think you
were rocking a drew hoodie or sweatshirt that's bieber is did bieber start that brand yeah he
started it um i don't even know like a year or so ago and it's been blown up it's been doing well
and obviously you've been talking to him uh you guys hung out with him just after christmas i
believe you went and skated you mie Tyson Barry your new teammate yeah yeah
we all we all went over there we've actually hung out with him a couple times he's got a house
in Toronto so we've been over a couple times just I don't know it's like a fun house he's got all
kind of like arcade games and stuff and uh yeah we just go over there and just kind of hang out
and have a good time uh well we interviewed Bennington yesterday and he's telling us that
he's got word uh you know he's like getting he's got a private coach is that what it yesterday and he's telling us that he's got word uh you know he's like getting
he's got a private coach is that what it is and he's like working legit hard on his Jared Stoll
I think is his private coach that's what I heard but he's working on face offs the fuck yeah um
I was talking to him the other day and and he was uh like on the phone and he was just like yeah
like I've been training like working out and I've been getting on the ice a lot in la here so i mean he's taking it pretty seriously and i mean he's he's got pretty
good hands like i don't know like you get 10 shots like like i hope he can score one like i i'm i'm
putting my money on him like i hope he can score one um but he's got an absolute muffin but he has
good hands so he has he can dangle But like the speed of the shot
Yeah
But like the problem is
That could fuck up Binnington
Yeah that's the thing
Knuckle puck
That's what Freddie said
We were talking about it with Freddie
He's like
Yeah but like
You know when you're so used to like
NHL guys coming down
They're ripping pucks at you
And like they're shooting it fast
Like accurate
Like you're so used to that
And then you got like somebody that
Obviously isn't like
At the NHL level
And he's coming down
And you have no idea
Where the puck's going You have no idea where the puck's going.
You have no idea how fast it's going to be.
It's like, oh, I could throw you off.
Well, it's like an off-speed pitching, like a Greg Maddux change-up.
You've got no chance, dude.
You're going to grab it here and it's going to knuckle puck underneath it.
If he scores a goal, it'll probably be bigger news if he scores
than if he gets shut out.
I hear you.
Tyson Berry comes over, new teammate.
I'm sure he's fit right in.
Yeah, he's been great.
Why are you smiling like that?
What do you got?
You got a couple stories?
No, I got nothing that I can share.
That's all we need to hear.
He's an awesome guy.
We spend a lot of time.
He lives right across the street from me.
I'm like his chauffeur.
I drive him around everywhere.
I sit next to him on the plane. But he an awesome guy super funny great teammate uh good guy in the locker room makes everybody laugh and obviously a really
good player so were you actually talking him a little bit because he came in and he's this
stud offensive guy and things weren't weren't great for him was were you we chat him up trying
to keep him like spirits up then or not even? He was chill. Yeah, a little bit.
I mean, you know him pretty well.
He's kind of the type of guy, he's so easygoing,
and nothing really kind of bothers him.
Those guys get out of slumps easier.
Yeah, yeah, I think so too.
I mean, they definitely went through a couple tough weeks,
especially early on. But, I don't know, it wasn't like I had to talk him off the ledge,
but obviously he was frustrated and then really turned around for him.
Right away, that first game?
Yeah, right away.
He scored, which is awesome.
That was in Arizona.
Yeah, in Arizona.
His parents have a house there and live there.
And his thing was he didn't want to go.
We played Colorado next, so he was like,
I can't go into Colorado with zero goals.
That's just embarrassing.
There's going to be signs.
Yeah, there's going to be signs.
Biz took him out to dinner the night before. I was i was giving him kemper's weak spots and stuff
to kind of help him out well it's just funny that it happened of course with the coach being fired
we're not going to get into that but keith comes in and he's comfortable with some of the guys in
that locker room who've been up from the american league i'm sure that right away you're asking
these guys you know what what do we expect yeah i mean I think over half our team had been coached by him with the Marlies so
um I mean I think it's just for him he's there are obviously two completely different coaches but
um you know he demands a lot out of us but he wants us to just go out there and play hockey
nothing like nothing crazy obviously you have that set system but you in the end, we're a lot of really good players,
skilled players,
and I think that's kind of how he wanted us to play
and turn it around.
One other thing that people were taking notice to
was how you guys work on those high cycles,
and it's just something as far as in the offensive zone
that really throws a wrench at people playing defense.
So is that something you guys constantly work out work at
at practice and i noticed that practice you guys are bumping these beats yeah during skates that's
i love that yeah i think that's awesome like especially on a day where it's like you just
play the night before and the practice isn't going to be like super hard just kind of get out there
and get moving around and just to have that it's it's awesome i love it well if you're working on
i've i remember saying this in college if you're working out in the gym how much better is a
workout when you get sick sick playlist going in your ass what's what's different about being on
the ice you're practicing with your buddies what's different about music firing you up a little bit
so i think the nfl kind of started that well the nba does it in the middle of the game so beat it
that league we're not talking about that league but nfl at least during practice started these started the music music jam i'm a fan yeah i mean everybody
loves it but our dj is like one of our video coaches and he was just bumping like ridiculous
tunes like not not nothing like great like all the boys want like rap or like you know something
like spice girls yeah exactly um but yeah so we gotta kind of change that up but i'm a big fan
of the tunes.
It's awesome.
Speaking of tunes, Marlo's wife ended up tweeting out the other day that I think that they're going to start doing goal songs
for each player when they score.
If you ended up getting to pick yours and they played it in Toronto
after you scored, do you have one that you would probably pick?
Beauty and the Beats.
Yeah, I'd play a Beats song.
Maybe monetize it.
Maybe one of his old school ones, like when he was uh when he was like a kid like
baby or like um you know something from like way back then when he had like a high-pitched voice
or something like that can you tell him that i cried at his documentary i was on a flight to
saskatoon and i brought this up on the podcast before i get emotional on flights i think it's
because of the altitude yeah and i'm traveling with all these hockey players that jared stole's
golf tournament.
And I'm like, oh, I'll watch this.
And I figure with Airline,
they had the TVs right in front of you.
And I was covering up tears
because I got Steve Ott beside me
probably wondering, why the fuck is this guy crying?
Steve Ott's like, I want to see you cry.
I'll just have more shit to chirp you for.
Otter's always looking for ammo.
Have you seen the Justin Bieber documentary?
Yeah, I watched it.
I mean, I watched it a long time ago, kind of like when it came out.
But I think he's coming out with a docu-series on YouTube.
And the first day we went over to his house with Tyson and Mitch, he was filming stuff.
So we're going to be in it, which is pretty cool.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Nice.
You got your own film crew sometimes following you around.
You do some behind-the-scenes stuff.
No, this was his film crew.
I don't got anything going on.
Oh, I thought maybe the worlds would collide.
You guys would do a little collab.
Do you ever talk to him about how hard it is,
considering he can't really go out anywhere, let alone in Canada?
Yeah, we do.
We were talking about this just amongst ourselves,
myself, Mitch, and Tyson when we were over there.
Obviously, Toronto is such a big hockey place.
When we go walk around or we go to dinner,
obviously we get noticed and stuff like that, which is awesome.
But I go back to Arizona and I go with my buddies in the middle of a restaurant.
It's not a big deal.
Nobody notices me.
We just sit there, eat lunch, have a good time, and it's just all chill but you know you think about like this guy can't go anywhere without like
security without um you know like a private room or something like that unless he wants to get like
kind of mobbed in the world too yeah no not even like that's what's in like yeah just like worldwide
so um i mean i don't feel bad for him. He's got a pop star, superstar, celebrity.
But I can definitely, like we've talked about before, too,
like it's definitely hard, but I think it just comes with the territory.
But you're on the fishbowl, too, in Toronto.
So what do you do, like, to get away from it all when you're still in Toronto?
I'm a huge homebody, so honestly, like off days,
like a lot of times I won't even leave my apartment,
just order food, just chill.
I'll go down to, like, the pool and the pool and go sit in the hot tub or something.
But I don't know.
I don't mind.
Just land.
We were talking to Jack Eichel, and he's got a chef.
Do you have a chef that comes over?
Yeah.
Me and Freddie have this guy come over sometimes every once in a while.
But for the most part, we'll go out to dinner a lot or just kind of order stuff or get stuff from the rink.
You mentioned Freddie
Was he one of the guys at Augusta?
He was
Are you jealous?
How did that
Am I jealous dude?
I've been reading the tweet over and over
It's my background on my phone now
That Four Leafs are playing Augusta
You probably haven't heard the episode
Where you ate like a hot wing
Oh yeah so I'll fill you in
I mean obviously any golfer
Would do anything to play Augusta
But Danny Cleary and Sean Horkoff
Two of my good friends They know a bunch of people so this is like 10 years
ago they're like we're gonna go there someday we have a guy who's already looked in like you know
the the process has begun and we will have room for one more and if you eat this pepper it's the
hottest pepper on the planet at some chinese place like you're going you're going and i was like dude
i i can't even have like any any Tabasco sauce on anything.
So I eat this pepper.
I am spitting and almost throwing up.
I'm pouring milk on my face, down my throat.
And I haven't heard shit since.
So if they ever play Augusta and I find out, I'll bomb their house.
He got offered a caddy.
They offered him a view with a caddy for them.
Do you know even how
that got hooked up uh i think it like willie's like financial guy or like whatever it's always
one of those finance guys something like that and so it was uh willie cappy freddy and muzzin
so they had to obviously play with somebody so i think muzzy the first day went like somewhere
else and like just golfed uh with like somebody that he knew think muzzy the first day went like somewhere else and like just
golfed uh with like somebody that he knew or whatever and then the next day um muzzy was in
i think cappy took off and like went somewhere else like to new york or whatever and so he got
to play two rounds two of them uh freddie and willie did did they did they did you talk did
they say it was just sick or yeah they said it was unreal like it's just you can't beat it they're
also like i can't tell you anything so yeah what's the rule there if you can find a weed they'll pay
you a hundred dollars cash i don't know if that's a rumor but i do know you can't find what you can't
you know like no ra not that if there's like if you ever were to find like grass out of place or
trash on the ground oh yeah you know there's like people say you get paid for it you can't run
anywhere on the ground so so people speedwalk everywhere.
It's like going back in time.
That's as a fan.
I can't imagine playing it.
Maybe we'll get one of them on.
He said it's tough, too, because you just feel like you're walking on eggshells.
It's Augusta.
You don't want to intrude or piss anybody off.
You're kind of like walking on eggshells.
I'm next to my card on one knee just taking a leak
on the side of my underwear and shorts.
I'm the first guy to ever get cut off at Augusta
by the bartender in the locker room.
He's like, enough, man.
No shit in the cup there.
You're being ridiculous.
Remember Terry Ryan Sr. telling the story
about the shit in the cup?
Yeah, you can't be doing it there.
You mentioned the fun playhouse that Beavers got in Toronto.
You just purchased a new home in Arizona.
You got your own compound now.
I did, yeah.
This summer, moved in, and yeah, I'm enjoying it.
A lot of coyote.
A lot of, I think Schmaltzy just bought a place right behind me,
and then a lot of the coyotes guys are kind of buying over there.
I'm going to start doing star maps,
and I'm going to drive around all the famous people's houses.
Why? It's a side hustle.
What are you laughing at?
Austin, this is your fourth All-Star game already.
You're only 22 years old, but you got the nagging wrist injury.
You could have been in any island paradise, as we see on Instagram.
Every guy seems to be somewhere.
Why was it important for you to be here this weekend?
I mean, I don't mind. I think it's a pretty big honor seems to be somewhere. Why was it important for you to be here this weekend? I mean, I don't mind.
I think it's a pretty big honor just to be selected.
Even if I'm not going to play or participate,
it's always fun to kind of just hang out.
A lot of buddies are here, and obviously Mitchie and Freddie.
Just something that's kind of been bothering me the last couple weeks,
but I feel like I can still play,
and the plan is to play next week when we're back.
These next couple games, next couple weeks are pretty important for us so just want to make sure that i can play in the games that really matter and obviously being here it's a big honor
to be selected who or what are you looking forward to this weekend where you don't have as much time
taking up where you're not playing uh i think i'm going on with uh what is it the answer spit
and chicklets interview sports night yeah yeah no not that that's
it i'm leaving right after this i'm going on with uh ron mcclain uh cassie campbell on the sports
net broadcast tonight for the skills competition so yeah we'll see if i'm any good at that probably
have no future first time doing live tv like that yeah something like that uh i mean no i i'll just
let ron talk the whole time.
He's a legend.
We actually are interviewing him right after you.
He's coming over.
He's awesome.
I spent a lot of time with him actually with like Scotiabank and like other stuff like
that.
Amazing guy.
Amazing guy.
I probably got some good stories.
The way he just like he could just carry you too.
Whenever he's on TV, he makes whoever he's on with so comfortable he can tell, which is like a skill
you could never even teach. So he came up
to us last night and was like, any chance you come on tomorrow?
He's like, yeah, it'll work. I was like, oh, biz,
if this ends up coming through. So it'll be
a pleasure. He's got millions of stories.
Yeah, I mean,
you're probably going to do a lot better than I do. I told
stories about when I was on Fox with the
Coyotes and sometimes Todd
Walsh will throw it over to me
and I'll just
fuck Walsh. I don't even remember
what I was going to say. Like live on air.
So best of luck to you
tonight. Who are you looking
forward most to seeing on the ice?
Oh, we got that three-on-three with the ladies. What do you think of that?
I think that's going to be great. I'm looking forward to it.
I mean,
there are some pretty good hockey players.
Obviously, they're the best of the best, so I'm looking forward to that.
It's always fun watching McDavid do the fastest skating competition.
And then Webby with the hardest shot.
I'm looking forward to seeing that as well.
Your absence opened the door for a local kid, Brady Kachuk,
who's now in the All-Star game.
I heard you might have finagged a little dinner out of that.
Yeah, dinner, Rolex, and a nice bottle of wine.
Get out of here.
No.
You negotiated it before he dropped out.
I can still play in this.
No, I'm happy for him.
I saw his whole family this morning, and we're all pretty close.
Played with Matthew, obviously, and then I'm pretty close with Brady as well.
It's going to be awesome for their whole family to obviously see them participate in their hometown,
and I'm sure it'll be a blast.
This might be a question for your agent, though.
He gets a bonus on his entry level because he made the All-Star game.
I think he actually collected 225,000.
Because you're not playing, do you still get the bonus on your entry level?
I don't know.
I'm not on my entry level.
Oh, it's your first year off of your entry level.
That's the
Phoenix Coyotes
color guy right
there
we're gonna have
to fucking
edit that
yeah but
Brady's in his
entry level
and so if he's
getting that bonus
I think a Rolex
a bottle of wine
the least he
could do
that's still
over 200k
that's the least
he could do
come on Brady
figure it out
what do you got
any plans for the
Super Bowl and
who do you like
I don't even know where we're gonna be for the Super Bowl? And who do you like?
I don't even know where we're going to be for the Super Bowl, but I kind of want the Chiefs to win.
Yeah.
I like Patrick Mahomes.
I think he's fun to watch.
Pretty electric.
But I don't know.
I think it'll be a good game no matter what.
Yeah.
I'm just looking forward to watching it.
I think the KC's only one and a half point spread, so I mean, it's almost like a pick-em
more or less.
Yeah.
Who are you going with?
What's the RA gambling class?
Oh, geez.
King's been off. I vote Brady's the RA gambling class? Oh, geez.
Don't touch me.
You're going to turn into ice.
No, I actually took San Fran on a prop bet a couple months ago at 701. So I could do a little hedge, throw a little hedge for Casey and guarantee myself something.
But I'm rooting San Fran right now.
Plus, Jimmy G, that handsome bastard.
We had him in New England for a little while.
He actually follows Spittin' Chicklets on Instagram.
I don't know if he listens to it.
Garoppolo? Jimmy Garoppolo. I don't know how that happened. Shout out, handsome. New England for a little while. He actually follows Spittin' Chicklets on Instagram. I don't know if he listens to it. Garoppolo?
Jimmy Garoppolo. I don't know how that happened.
Shout out, handsome. He could be my new
Taylor Pyatt. I could be wheeling around him.
Just getting those pictures.
You better look into Tom Brady then.
What else
you got going? Anything else you want to talk about?
Yeah, I mean, I was going to say
any big trips lined up? Or did you go on the summer?
Travel at all?
I went to Cabo this summer with my family, and my agent squirmed his way into that one.
Judd hopped into that trip?
Judd hopped into that one.
Private plane?
Colby Mule hopping into the jet to Cabo?
I respect it, Judd.
Did a couple, like, weekend trips, like bachelor parties, L.A. for a weekend.
Not a world traveler.
Yeah, not a world traveler.
But this summer, I kind of want to go to Europe again.
We'll see.
I don't know.
After the season, I just don't want to go anywhere or something.
I just want to get home and see your buddies, see your family, and stuff like that.
But I don't know.
This summer, maybe head over to Europe for a bit.
Explore.
Netflix, TV, movie guy.
How do you kill time on the road?
I'm a big Netflix guy.
What have you been watching lately?
I've been watching that You, the show You.
I don't know if you guys have watched it.
Yeah, the junior football?
No, no.
What?
Yeah, yeah, the junior ball.
You see me and you on the entry-level contract and that.
We're struggling right now.
Isn't it the You?
Last Chance You?
No, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, You as in like why oh
you yeah romantic show that you've been watching it's like a romance i don't know if it's really
romance it's like kind of creepy but i watched the first season so i feel like obligated to
watch the second but it's been a bit of a struggle to get through because it's like
it's just creepy like it's it's tough knowing that there's like guys out there like that yeah
people are actually like people do that in like real life.
So I've been watching that, like just like struggling to get through it.
I'll always throw in the office just for, you know, background noise.
But, yeah, that's pretty much it.
Have you checked out that one cheer?
Everyone's been talking about it.
It's about the cheering team down at a college in Texas.
My wife was watching that, so I was like immediately, I don't think I'm going to be watching it.
Meanwhile, three hours later, you're like, no.
She binged it, I think.
That's a college cheerleading team documentary.
If I'm watching that one, I have to have something better to do than that.
I'll have to tune into the Justin Bieber documentary.
Well, I don't want to cry, Biz.
No, don't be on a plane.
Excuse me, the newer one that Austin's going to be in.
Oh, I got one final thing, and it's more like hockey,
but we talked to McKinnon this summer and Eichel.
Do you work with the sports psych at all?
Because I can't believe how common it's really becoming.
And McKinnon was the one that kind of made it pop off in my head
how much it helped him.
You're straight chilling right now.
Score goals, not needle. No, I mean, we have people that work for the Leafs head how much it helped him yeah um you're straight chilling right now score goals not
no i mean we have like we have people that like work for like the leafs that are like sports
psyches that we talk to and stuff like that which there's always around yeah they're always around
like i mean it's really no pressure or anything i was laughing because like tyson's got so many
stories of mckinnon just being an absolute snap show so uh so he told me i actually he told me
like a while ago that he started working with somebody
so he could kind of like relax a little bit.
But Tyson's got some great stories of the dog just absolutely snapped.
I used to be in the coast.
That's how I would treat my teammates.
Give me the fucking puck.
Put me out there for five minutes straight, coach.
The dog's nuts, though, when he gets it wheeling through center.
Oh, yeah.
He's like galloping through the ice.
It's insane.
Like, this guy's coming out of full head of steam.
I did not want to be the guy playing D.
The only teammate we haven't mentioned that I was going to ask you if you got any funny stories is Morgan Riley.
Because that guy is just like a goofball off the ice.
He's great.
I haven't really spent any time with him this year.
He's got a girlfriend now.
So I never see him.
Wow.
See you later, Morgan.
Do you alienate him from the from the core group
being like you know it's like punishment that you have a girlfriend i actually did like i was pretty
upset with him for a while and like i would like chirp him and stuff like that because like he kind
of kept it quiet like he didn't really like come out and like exactly because he knew his boy yeah
yeah and so like i got kind of like i got kind of rattled at him and i was like kind of pissed off
but then i met her and she's an absolute sweetheart.
And so I was like, all right, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt now.
She's cool.
Matthews invites her over, hooks her up to the lie detector.
Why don't you have a seat here?
We're going to go through a set of questions.
He's a private eye.
I remember my buddy, one of my best buddies, got a girlfriend.
I was like a sad movie walking around the Boston Commons like mad. mad i'm like why'd you do this to me man oh i was pissed because uh i was really
pissed because me and him would go to the raps game every year when like russell westbrook would
come so he'd always sit courtside and good huh it's courtside good it's all right yeah so you're
like uh the billionaire's cut yeah Yeah, Comrie. Comrie.
He's like, you don't go to games unless you get splinters in your toes.
That's his line.
The only chance I got is splinters in my feet.
Well, anyways, so like last three years, we'd always go to the game together.
And like we'd sit and like have a good time, go there, get there early, watch warm-ups.
And then this year, he didn't go with me because his girlfriend was in town.
And that's where like it really fell off for me where i was like really pissed um and then i actually spoke with her and was like i can't believe you did this like this is tradition you
don't mess with tradition and she was like yeah like i told morgan he should go like i told him
i encouraged him to go, and he said no.
And so that's when I really
So then he really
So that's why you started watching the show, you.
You started getting
Yeah, getting the ideas on how to handle that.
All right.
Okay.
So that really
You lied to
You didn't come and you lied to me, Mo?
I'm sitting there with a baseball cap down in here just stalking his apartment building,
waiting for him to get home.
We're going to have to figure out what the actual injury was to Morgan Riley Duncan Keith's old man class
no there's like some like neighbors like calling the police there's a guy that's like checking
Morgan Riley's mail the police come it's fucking Matthews freaking news oh buddy this is this has
been great man catching up uh long overdue but actually we haven't even talked like what'd you
do when the raps won
i was home oh yeah i was in arizona already but when they went they won game six right and that
was in golden state yeah so we were actually thinking about uh possibly going uh flying up
there for the day and and uh and going to the game but it didn't really work out but
yeah i was just back in arizona but it was obviously that was buzzing and in toronto i think it was game five when they when they gave it away in the last
minute and that was in toronto when they could have closed it out but i ended up going the road
to get it done well you bumped kawaii left but did you see that coming did you know him i know i
actually never met him but i never met him he's a weird yeah yeah i mean he's i think he just kind
of keeps to himself and everything but he was obviously unreal but I never met him
didn't really get to know him
but I know a lot of people
were pretty bummed to see him go
but
thanks for the title
yeah thanks for the title
I guess
and I think the Clippers
are the favorites this year
yeah
they're up there
definitely
that guy's number one
in the league
alright you got some other
duties
yeah man
thank you very much
thanks for having me guys
best of luck on television
yeah keep it up
what a season you're having
yeah
maybe I'll join you guys
on the podcast
big thanks to our pal Austin Matt who's once again on television. Yeah, keep it up. What a season you're having. Maybe I'll join your guys' podcast.
Big thanks to our pal Austin Matten
who's once again
our third interview with him.
Only the second
that you heard,
unfortunately.
Come on.
Jokes, Paul.
Jokes.
No, no.
I was just...
Bring a little levity.
I know it's late.
It's late.
Oh, no.
I was laughing
because you were kind of laughing
while you were saying it
so it was probably hard
for some of these people to pick up what you were saying at the end there okay you were like
so that's why i was laughing all right well we know about the octopus of course the catfish has
become a fun thing but a bag of minnows in minnesota hockey it was either a high school
game or a youth game uh a minute bag of minn thrown in the ice. Have you ever seen minnows thrown in the ice?
I didn't understand the reference.
I saw it online, but was there a back story behind the minnows?
I googled it, and I couldn't find any additional stories.
I don't know if it was a tradition or a new thing.
But, Piers, what's the weirdest thing you've ever seen thrown in the ice?
Well, I never saw it, but I told you guys about Corey Pecker.
I think he said he wanted to come on the podcast,
but he played for the Erie Otters.
And when he scored his 50th goal one year playing in the OHL,
they throw a bunch of rubber dildos all over the ice
because his name's Corey Pecker.
So, I mean, these kids are like 16, 17, 18 years old.
It's like all these grown-ups at Erie bringing fucking dildos, throwing them on the ice.
I thought that was pretty silly when I heard about it.
And he confirmed it.
And, I mean, Christ.
That's.
All right.
So the only thing I can think of is UNH throws big old fish when they score their first goal at home.
Or maybe anywhere they go.
And then, oh, no, there was another place that did some sort of animal.
I don't remember, though.
Octopus, the Detroit Red Wings.
Yeah, no, it was someone.
I thought it was a junior team or something like that.
I just remember the fish always stunk at UNH.
It would be gross.
Milan Lucic, it was both an article and he had talked late night
and unbeknownst to a lot of people he was contemplating giving up you know hanging up
the skates he did a lot of money due to him too and then that coaching change happened to change
his mind he had nothing to do what he said he just kept doing things to himself and uh it's like you
know you get to the late in your career man you must go through things like that so when you know
i mean when you're staring at the fucking six million dollars a year it's like shit man you don't want to walk away
from it but at the same time if you're not feeling part of the team like that must be a tough spot
well i talked about a last episode and i referenced the article and just like how how hard it can be
on the mental health and you just you feel like the whole city hates your guts and you know you
everyone's you know people can be pretty nasty online, man.
And I know some of these guys are making a lot of money,
but at the end of the day, they don't want their kids and family
reading that stuff about him in the news or on social media.
So I'm happy that he's playing a lot better.
I was one of his biggest supporters going into this season.
I thought that the move would help him.
I think that they would have appreciated his role more
given the fact that he is more of a bruiser now
than he is putting the puck in the back of the net.
But after that slow start,
he has been contributing a bit more offensively,
so it's good to see.
I am a giant, pale, walking, ball-striking billboard
for what you're talking about. And when you are being paid a lot, pale, walking, ball-striking billboard for what you're talking about.
And when you are being paid a lot of money, it is mentally and physically exhausting and
can be torturous when you know you aren't earning it.
So the whole story made a ton of sense to me.
And it just shows that even though at one point you were at the top and you won a Stanley
Cup,
it's all about what have you done for me lately.
So it's a very hard way to make a living.
And people will scoff at me and people will laugh at that comment.
You make millions.
You don't know shit.
You don't know.
And I know it's not a hard way to make a living if you're looking at manual labor.
I'm talking mentally what it can do to you
and what it can kind of make you think and feel about yourself
is something that you really wouldn't understand unless you've been there.
So I hope for guys like that that they can, especially Looch,
maybe make a big push in the playoffs where he matters a lot in a series.
So don't ever count these guys out. They can be easy a lot in a series you know so it's don't ever count count these guys
out you that they can be easy uh targets once in a while but these guys are at the highest level in
the world for a reason so their pride won't ever really give in and they'll be the chance that
that they pop off as biz likes to say and show show the player they once were um at some point
throughout this year or next year for for any time this happens to someone.
Absolutely glad to see him staying, and I wouldn't be one bit surprised.
We've seen him do it before in the playoffs if he does it again this spring.
Maybe he'll need some new duds for the playoffs if Calgary gets in,
and he'll have to check out Indochino for them
because you get to choose from hundreds of high-quality suit fabrics,
pick the color, pattern, and weight that you like best.
Your stuff is made to your exact measurements
so you end up with a perfect fit for the shape of your body.
They have showrooms across North America
where one of their style guides can take your measurements
and walk you through the process,
or you can do it all online at home at Indochino.com.
Right now, get an extra 30 off a purchase of 399 or more at Indochino.com
when entering Chicklets at checkout.
Plus, shipping is free.
That's Indochino.com, promo code Chicklets,
for 30 off your total purchase of 399 or more.
You'll get high-quality custom suits for an off-the-rack price.
Do check them out.
We got out some belated trade day belated congrats,
I guess you could say.
Andrew Cogliano on game number 1,000.
Dallas gave him his props the other night.
Interestingly, he's the third guy to do it in the stage
this season, so Up, he probably dodged a bullet
not making that squad, huh, Biz?
Oh, my God.
Don't even get me started.
We've talked about this shit enough,
but congrats to him, man.
His dog was out there on the ice.
Yeah, it was pretty cool.
Yeah.
What was it, a chocolate lab?
I believe so.
It was pretty cool.
I don't see that every day.
So, Andrew Cogliano, my eyes light up when I hear his name.
One of my favorite all-time teammates.
Let me give you a little couple minutes on Andrew Cogliano.
St. Mike's buzzers
Cogs was buzzing around
The OPJHL
Telling stories about that place
Oh my god his 102 point season
Then he went to Michigan
He's playing for Red Berets
And he's buzzing around
He's first round pick
He's living the high life
And then he's heading right into the NHL
Him and Gagne
Just hopping right into Edmonton.
And I'll say,
I wasn't there
when he first came into the league,
but I knew once I met him
and once people had told me,
the most respectful rookie ever
that got into the league biz
and kept his mouth shut
but knew the guys
he wanted to hang around with,
had a work ethic
that he saw from Sean Horkoff,
from Ethan Moreau, Steve Steyos.
Tons of guys on those Oilers teams when Cogs came in.
And guys loved him right away.
This dude is one of the funniest people I've ever met.
What kind of sense of humor?
He's got the sense.
Like, he could be minus four.
And just the way he says things, I don't even know how to describe it.
Whit, how's minus four?
Minus four, Witt!
And Taylor Hall does unreal
Cogs impressions
But this guy in Edmonton
When we were having a tough go of it
He's playing a big role, right?
And he's playing a lot of times
Against the number one line
And there was a time he was
I think he was on the ice for like 12, 13
Maybe 14 goals in a row that were scored against us.
Cogs, you know what I'm talking about.
And he would go in and he would go in and sit in the players lounge in Everton.
And he'd be sitting there.
He'd take his bunga pads off.
And I'd walk by and I'm like minus two also.
He'd be like, Whit, it's unbelievable.
I was on for three more.
It's unbelievable right now. Can't do anything three more. I was on for three more.
It's unbelievable right now.
Can't do anything right.
And I'm like, Cox, me too.
And the way he was able to say it, and anyone who knows or has played with Andrew Calagano knows exactly what I'm talking about.
And one of the all-time craziest stories, Cox took a real bad high stick.
You know what?
It might have been his own teammate's high stick.
I wish I remembered exactly what happened, but a bad cut in the upper lip.
And I've told this story on Chicklets before.
But, oh, my God, when I think of it again, I laugh.
So I want to tell it again, especially his 1,000th game.
So Cogs gets stitched up.
He goes in there, gets a ton of stitches.
Oh, now, mind you, I'm going to interrupt myself very quickly in the fact that without Cogliano getting kind of a rough call from George Paros, he was the Ironman leader that Keith Yandel now holds.
And that was a really tough thing for Cogs because he had earned that, never missing a game.
I remember he got emotional.
That was a pretty shitty way for it all to kind of end.
But I'm not going to talk about the call.
I just want people to know that's how tough this guy was. it kind of goes into this story that he was able to play through anything
so cogs gets just an enormous upper lip i'm talking a little bit duck and he's walking
around but he's playing through everything he's got all these zippers in his top lip
and after you get a cut and stitches like that it can kind of calcify i think it's called and
and a lot of times it's scar tissue that's what a scar tissue i like that, it can kind of calcify, I think it's called. And a lot of times it's scar tissue.
That's what it is, scar tissue.
I don't think it can calcify.
I was mistaking.
It's scar tissue.
And the doctor will almost tell you, you got to rub it, bitch.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So if it's hard enough, it's like you got to rub it and kind of wear it down.
So the cogs is in there.
It's hard.
He's rubbing, he's rubbing.
It ain't getting any better.
And his lip ain't getting that much smaller.
It's been like a month.
The Cogs still has his duck lip.
Whit.
Whit.
I'm rubbing it.
I'm trying to beat down the scar tissue, Whit.
It ain't going anywhere.
It ain't going anywhere.
So he's like George Costanza.
Yes.
Yeah.
Kind of some of the times.
It's.
Oh, but he is.
All right.
Either way.
He says to the trainers, guys, this thing's not getting better like all right cogs you know that means you got to
cut it back open and get in there oh so you know that's just that's awful news they've already
you've already got the cut you get stitched up you get the needle back in to reopen it you know
you're gonna get stitched again they're just looking in it's like what a miserable afternoon you know witt's going home playing tiger woods and i'm going to do this
that's not fair so they open them up and what do they do they pull out half of his tooth oh
so that piece of scar tissue that he'd been rubbing down trying to break down what it was a
piece of his own tooth they didn't get out when they stitched it up.
Get the fuck out of here.
And I saw him after.
Wait, you wouldn't believe it?
It was my own tooth.
I shoved my own tooth.
It's just, I remember just having days when the kid would make me cry laughing.
Like Cleary, he'd be like, Cleary, Cleary, we'll go to dinner, me and Bear.
And sometimes he's like, yeah, can I get this, that, and we'll have some bread.
And make sure the butter's room temperature.
No cold butter, please.
Just very direct.
Bear knows what he wants.
And Cogs would be like, what?
You just hear Bear?
You just hear how he ordered?
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
So I'm trying to think back on other things.
But congrats, man.
A thousand games in the way you've done it.
I love you, Cogs.
And hopefully you're maybe Cogs grabbing the Stanley Cup.
Yeah, that'd be nice to see.
Dallas could surprise.
I like those stories, man.
He's the man.
He'll come on when he retires.
I guarantee it.
He's very professional.
He won't do it while he's still playing.
All right.
Some other congrats, too, to an old school Islanders guy.
His fan favorite, Tinelli.
He had his number 27 retired on Saturday night.
He was part of that fabled 80s dynasty that basically the franchise
hasn't been able to touch since.
But he had 25 playoff goals in the Cup win years,
eight total years with the Islanders, over 1,000 games played.
John Tinelli, one of those just tough guys you just fucking grew up
watching play back in the day.
So congrats to him.
We got some disturbing tweets from Kyle Torres.
He reported that Eric Carlson eats his spaghetti with gobs of ketchup
and that Chris Neal puts ranch dressing on his pasta.
I mean, you know, what's the excuse with these guys?
I mean, Italian sauce is all over the fucking world.
I just think it has to do with certain individuals. It nothing to do with like an age thing or like shane don't used to
make his whole plate before games where he would build it on on a salad and then he would put the
spaghetti over it then the pasta sauce and and then i think he would ranch as well so it was
some of these guys man they just might might as well put it in the blender,
make a shake.
Yeah,
no shit.
My pregame meal,
I went up,
I got the pasta,
I got pasta with tomato sauce.
I got two or three pieces
of chicken.
Loved when the chicken parm
was there.
Never touched a salad
unless it was olive garden
because I got the breadsticks.
That was in the minors
and a little bit in the NHL.
And then after the chicken parm, basically, pregame lunch,
I'd have a couple pieces of bread with it and then crush,
scoop in a half of vanilla, scoop in a half of chocolate,
go up, dummy, and nap.
So, I mean, if you're looking at weird meals, you're kind of disgusted.
You're sitting there.
You're like, I'm eating a normal chicken parm dinner.
Why is there ranch all over your
chicken and your pasta? It makes no sense
to me. But to each his own.
Whatever gets your legs going that night.
Whatever it takes. Is that true?
I agree. Thank you.
Boys, Tyler Sagan rocking
the world a little bit, showing off his tattoos,
his explanation for them on the GQ website.
I'm just going to look at it. It's
pretty interesting. I remember when he got to Boston,
I don't know if he had one yet, or
he was just starting out, and now he's got
two sleeves, almost his whole chest.
Biz, you're a tattoo guy.
Well, I was going to say, nothing says residuals
like a content piece with GQ
Magazine, so congrats.
Chalk up another couple for a second.
You know my thoughts i mean
rich get rich just you 80 year olds covered in tats you're gonna look so dumb yeah we know what's
take on that well i don't know a few more fucking minutes of this video i'm gonna need a few drinks
but biz at least i got a little bit of that dhm detox on hand if i have a few too many tonight
right dhm detox the all-natural hangover prevention pill.
I talk about these things all the time. It's an extract from a Chinese plant. It breaks down the
toxins of the alcohol before it gets to your liver. No day's wasted. I love it. Helps out
with the Sunday scary slash anxiety. As I mentioned, all-natural. You take it while
or after you're drinking uh you take it
with a glass of water before you go to sleep and i think you will link up feeling way better than
you should have i tested it out and i like went up a soggy last week and kudos to that so much
so that i'll try it up here in lake muskogee this weekend there you go just want to let you know if
you want to hit you guys with the promo code just just head over to DHMDetox and use the promo code.
There's 20 for 20 off.
That's DHMDetox.com for no days wasted after drinking.
And I think you can do it risk-free, so you can try it out.
If you don't like it, send it back, and they'll reimburse you.
Bada-bing, bada-bang.
And, gee, we've got some big news coming from the world of Bauer Pure Hockey.
Nice little collab.
Let's tell the folks about it.
It's pretty big.
Yeah, this is something I've been working on for a long time,
and I'm really excited to release it to the world.
We have teamed up with Bauer Hockey,
and you'll be able to buy this merchandise in retail stores across America,
which I think is something that is really beneficial to us and our brand.
So we'll be in Pure hockeys all across America.
You'll be able to buy sweatshirts, T-shirts, hats,
and we're actually even selling our own Bauer spit and chiclets gloves.
So for any of you beer league heroes out there,
get those spit and chiclets branded gloves because they're awesome,
and the merch is so comfortable.
It's the best.
It's super good.
It just blows me away seeing Bauer and the logo on the same thing, man.
Yeah, it's cool.
And you can find that.
You can buy it at Bauer.com, BarstoolSports.com, as well as in-store at Pure Hockey.
Bingo.
Whit, I know you want to let the folks know a little something.
I believe it's Sunday at 5 on NHL Network.
Boys on the bus, I know you want to give people a heads up.
When I tell you, you have my must-watch description on this.
I don't know if people know what it is.
The exact season was, say it was 88.
I don't know.
Maybe you could look it up quick.
But it followed around the Edmonton Oilers in their heyday
and basically showed not only how the guys on the team were so personable,
some awesome conversations where cameras are sitting in
on Mark Messier, Glenn Anderson, Wayne Gretzky, and others.
Kevin Lowe sitting there having lunch,
talking about what it takes to win in their season,
and the pranks in the locker room,
and just the whole vibe in the locker room.
Then McTavish comes in, no bucket on.
Hey, attaboy, Mac T!
He must have been first star of the game.
I don't know.
It's such an in-depth look at old-school hockey in no bucket on hey attaboy mc t must have been first star of the game i don't know it was just
it's such an in-depth look at old school hockey the way it was for one of the greatest teams to
ever do it and it was the 87 edmonton owners documentary so in the united states for nhl
network five o'clock this sunday just throw your dvr on if you're doing stuff because i guarantee
it'll be an hour that you really enjoy if you're an old school hockey fan or any hockey fan
because you don't see the access anymore really like this.
Or you do, but it's just different.
Whereas guys didn't care as much then.
I mean, people saw it and you never heard what they thought.
Well, very few people.
If you didn't catch it that night it was on,
then you didn't see it unless you videotaped it.
Exactly.
But also you wouldn't get feedback. you're just like you're just going on on your day oh yeah people i hope people like
that i don't care now within five seconds you got a million people telling you how much you suck but
anyways definitely check that out content piece you loser didn't laugh once you thanks for the
free shit asshole you guys suck no no we love you I know you want to talk about the Fury fight.
I know it happened a little while ago, but we've been over a little.
Yeah, this Dante Wilder guy is blaming his pregame costume on the fact that he...
I mean, how outrageous is that?
I mean, fuck, dude.
Like, I don't know.
Like, focus on the fight then.
Don't wear a 45-pound costume that's going to work.
There's even better.
I don't even think you heard what came out today about this.
You haven't.
I love that you brought this up.
You didn't even know.
So he gave the excuse that that's why he probably lost the fight,
that his legs couldn't handle how long the walk was with 45 pounds on them.
Well, I mean, Tyson Fury got carried in,
which apparently Big Cat mentioned this is going to help him out.
Yeah, exactly.
He looked like King Hippo getting carried out.
So something else broke today.
Something else broke today.
And you know how the internet doesn't lie?
Like you always,
you kind of always get busted
for old things you've said.
There's a clip that gets popped up
of him saying he does everything
when he trains.
Everything.
He lives his life with a 45 pound weight vest on.
So he's just openly admitting that like i train
with this much weight on me daily to become the fighter i am when now all of a sudden he wears a
45 pound outfit and mask right before the fight for two minutes and it ruined his legs dude you
already said you live your life wearing that same amount of weight. So I actually bet on him that night without knowing anything.
I just bet on the favorite.
Stupid bet.
Well, looking back.
You could get smoked.
I got the fight.
He smoked.
He got pounded.
And my buddy Bunzo knows boxing.
He could tell right away.
He texted me.
He busted his eardrum.
He broke his eardrum or whatever the actual term is because there's blood come out of his ear.
And from then, you could see.
I mean, if you don't have your...
Tyson Fury was licking it.
If you don't have your balance and equilibrium...
He was licking it.
He had no power even behind any of the punches.
I mean, listen.
You get your eardrum broken and you're bleeding out of it and the guy's licking it.
Or your ear doesn't pop when you land after a long flight.
You don't have the power and strength that you normally do.
And Fury just picked them apart.
I know nothing about boxing, right?
You know nothing about anything.
Okay, fair enough.
But apparently somebody was saying that Tyson Fury's gloves, he was kind of like whipping them in a dirty fashion
and if you see that yeah and he was able to like get punches in from like basically slinging his
his glove around I mean people said he punches like that all the time so of course I don't know
anything about boxing so I'm like hey is this real or not so I don't know some of you boxing fans
might have a an opinion to share with me online.
Yeah, he said he was doing it to honor Black History Month.
He might want to consider a donation next fight.
I mean, it was pretty fucking bad.
If he really did blow his legs out with 40 pounds of fucking stuff.
Plus, it wasn't obvious it was an homage.
Anyways, hey, boys, you got some stuff to take care of.
A little bumping up of players in the old days.
Listen, we're only doing one guy.
We do the bumper.
Actually, we called it the bumper slumps because we couldn't call it the dump.
Yeah, with EA Sports, for one week, they give us the keys to the castle, basically,
and they let biz decide who's getting bumped or who's getting slumped.
Well, normally it's three guys, but I told you guys a story about Dylan Larkin
getting me the bottle of wine for my old lady
on Valentine's Day. So this guy's getting
a 99. Everyone else can kiss
my ass because you didn't send over a bottle
of wine for the old lady. So
thank you to Larkin for
the assist. And Red Wings
fans deserve it. I mean, their season sucked.
The least we can do is at least give them
Dylan Larkin his 99 in NHL 20.
You said it, G. They're having a tough year, but thanks to my boy Dylan Larkin as 99 in NHL 20. You said it, G.
They're having a tough year, but thanks to my boy Dylan Larkin,
he's getting the 99, and all you gamers can go on there
and make up for this miserable season.
Might have to add a new category soon, glove tossing, if this keeps up.
Anyways, boys, we got any final thoughts?
It's been a long day of traveling, a lot of traveling.
G, I know you have a busy night ahead,
but any last things you want to share before we venture off?
I'm excited for pond hockey this weekend.
I hope to not let you guys down.
My one goal is to come out of this saying,
you guys are proud of me.
Yeah, I think it could be a disaster with these Canadians.
They live and die for this.
Guys are going to be busting their balls up at this pond.
And if you guys aren't ready for the intensity, I think it's going to be a nightmare.
Yeah, what are you guys expecting?
Spitting Chicklets memes will be playing on the team as well.
What are you guys expecting when you meet this guy?
You guys haven't met him yet.
So a meme genius, I don't know what to think.
I mean, I don't know if he's tall, small.
Well, Dave's got Vindog.
We got Chicklets memes.
Yeah, I don't think he's an attack dog.
We more have like a service dog.
He attacks you guys.
He goes at you guys.
Yeah, he's a service dog.
Yeah, he attacks us.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
I like the service dog comparison.
But I've gotten so many laughs out of this kid's work.
So I'm very interested to meet him. His face will remain off camera, correct? Yes, he's going to wear a mask. He's a service dog comparison. But I've gotten so many laughs out of this kid's work,
so I'm very interested to meet him.
His face will remain off camera, correct?
Yes, he's going to wear a mask. I think we forever make him like the Wizard of Oz guy.
You can't know who he is.
And let's see if he can help you,
because he played hockey at a decently high level, right?
Yes.
Oh, well, in that case, he's got to help me.
Yeah, I believe he played junior B.
So why not in pond hockey do actual goalies?
I think it's just too tough to find the goalies,
and because the ice surfaces are so small
where you can't have guys taking shots from far out.
So that's the kind of point you're supposed to just stuff it in.
How about last pond hockey in New Hampshire,
some guy ate one right in the face. So, folks, if you're supposed to just stuff it in. How about last Pond Hockey in New Hampshire, some guy ate one right in the face. So, folks,
if you're coming to this Pond Hockey and you're standing behind
these gnats, sometimes it hits a skid of ice
and just poof, you're getting one right in the teeth
and you're going to get some new pearly
whites like Sean Avery.
Last thing I'll say is I like
to leave you guys a little treat.
We are dropping Chris Pronger
on Monday. So, enjoy this episode with Austin Matthews. We are dropping Chris Pronger on Monday. So enjoy this episode
with Austin Matthews.
We will have a lot more energy
come Sunday, and that
should be that. As always, we'd
like to thank our fantastic sponsors. We'd like
to welcome to the family Theragun. I checked
out your product. It's awesome. So you folks ought to
do the same. And a huge thanks to Bud
Canada. You guys have been awesome to us. So
thanks for everything you've done.
We've been having a blast with you guys.
Indochino, thanks to you guys as well.
Hopefully people are taking care of your awesome fits.
Big thanks to DHM Hangover Pill.
You guys are lifesavers.
And a huge thanks to EA Sports for letting these guys change the numbers.
It's been a blast.
Everybody have a great weekend.
Yeah, you got that yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy. Everybody have a great weekend.
