Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 250 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Let's go around the table, say what's up to the boys. Producer Mikey Grinelli, how we doing, brother?
What's up, guys? Hilarious interview on tap for today, so I'm excited.
Yeah, well, we'll get to that in one sec. We'll let the folks know who they have on tap. Let's go to the Witt Dog next. What's going on, Ryan?
What's going on, guys?
A lot of stuff to talk about.
After the last performance, we all said we were going to bounce back,
and lo and behold, we just got tons and tons of different topics.
So, episode 250 with Witty.
It's just a nice little evening to get together and chat about hockey.
250 with Witty.
And last but not least, Biz Nasty, Paul Bissonnette.
How we doing, buddy?
All right, I am excited for this episode.
You have a nice pep in your step right now,
so let's get right into it.
I don't know, I don't really have any random topics to discuss.
I shall lead the way.
All right.
Oh, Thompson's squaring off with Wilson here.
Oh, boy.
Oh, I think Nate has to be a little careful here. I'm going to announce a fight. All right, and Wilson has his right hand a little bit free. Thompson's doing a good job Wilson here. Oh, boy. Oh, I think Nate has to be a little careful here.
I'm going to announce a fight.
All right.
And Wilson has his right hand a little bit free.
Thompson's doing a good job.
Tries to throw it to the right.
And Wilson's holding with the left.
They're just kind of squaring off.
They're going do-si-do around the table.
Oh, Wilson's trying to get that right on free.
Oh, he's over the top with one.
He hits him pretty hard in the side of the temple there.
Oh, Thompson throws to the right.
Doesn't land.
He's blocking out these rights from Wilson.
Oh, uppercut, uppercut.
Just missed, just missed. But he's chucking
and Wilson's got the right hand free. Get in
there, Liney. Oh, but at the end, Thompson
takes down Tom Wilson. Good little fight.
Tom did well. Well,
little chicklets on chicklets violence there.
Why don't you guys go watch the video of that fight and then see
how I did. Thanks for coming tonight,
guys. We're buzzing. There we are.
There we are. So what's up, Biz?
What's shaking? anything you usually have
a tail to kick the night off or you want to jump right into the gm stuff yeah i mean you know just
when you think everything's fine going into playoffs and they dealt with all the you know
the the issues last year with the five-minute major vegas and and uh san jose all of a sudden
they just throw in a huge wrench right before a playoffs. And, R.A., I guess I'll let you announce the news.
Unreal.
The GM meetings at Boca Raton, usually a low-key affair.
A couple little things kind of sort of trickle out.
For example, this year we found out the league is going to use a new puck,
and it's going to debut on opening night of the playoffs.
Now, they're using it for tracking purposes, how fast guys are going.
But, guys, how crazy is this to introduce the key part of
equipment in Hockey of the Park, and they're going to
use a fucking brand new one, opening night of the playoffs.
This sounds like a recipe for disaster
given what we've seen in that past.
Let's go to you first, Biz.
Oh, you want me to take it off?
Okay, Witt was cocked and loaded there.
No, I'm just waiting.
I was going to allow him to go to whoever he wanted to.
He decided to go with you, so go right ahead.
We'll have different statements.
We may agree, but...
So I ended up reading that article.
There was a few interesting things in there.
They tested it for the fact that they don't think it's going to fall apart mid-game.
They shot it out of a cannon at 170 miles per hour.
So I think the hardest shot ever recorded uh was firk
in the american league and i think what was it 108 109 miles per hour so they said after shooting
this thing 10 times that this thing is is indestructible so that's the good news is we're
not going to have game seven stanley cup finals and overtime all of a sudden a puck off the post
half of it goes in the net half of it out, and then everyone's sitting there with their thumbs
in their ass and then Twitter's in a shitstorm.
I don't know what type of information that this is providing where this needs
to be implemented at the start of playoffs.
I would assume that it has to do with the fact that the puck crosses the line.
That's got to be one piece of technology this thing's provided
and why it's such a rush to implement it, correct, Whit?
You think I'm off base here?
I do not.
None of the stuff, it wasn't released what's in the chip or what it does.
Yeah, for it to be rushed like this, I would have to agree with you there, buddy.
Another thing in the article that it mentioned was the fact that
over the course of this season, they've randomly put it in games where they didn't let anybody know about it.
Correct?
That was another thing.
Nine games.
Yeah.
Nine games.
One of the big red flags was the fact that Sidney Crosby said
it felt different than a regular puck.
And if I was stick-cambling with it,
maybe chances are I wouldn't be able to notice a difference.
But these guys are so in tune with their hands.
And to implement something that's not exactly like it was
during the regular season and all of a sudden start it in playoffs,
to me, that's craziness.
The only positives I can see from this moving forward
is the fact that all these analytics and data they're able to gather from it
can be implemented on the gambling standpoint.
To me, that's the biggest rush as to why they're able to gather from it can can be implemented on the gambling standpoint to me that's that that's the biggest rush and as to why they're rushing this out with would you not agree and if i don't even think the gambling is going to play a factor in this playoffs yeah i
can't really wrap my head around where uh the chip and the puck will somehow lead in in the gambling
industry but who knows my thing is like you like you said, you said that pretty perfectly.
I'll give you some credit.
They have no need whatsoever to start this thing.
First game of the playoffs, what could go wrong?
You got a new puck.
Like, guys, this really can't wait until next year.
It's just such an odd timing thing for me,
only because it's not going to make the biggest difference.
What are they going to find out in this playoff in a month
that is going to be so game-changing that they can change something
or do something before next season begins?
I just think it's too important and it means too much.
And I don't know.
I'm not exactly a rocket scientist, as all you listeners know,
but I watch golf every weekend, and they got the top tracer.
The thing is just, you see the flight,
you see exactly where the ball's going.
Tennis has like the Hawkeye thing where they have the technology to
understand like miles per hour in and out in terms of tennis.
Like, and there's no chip inside the golf ball or the tennis ball.
So it's just weird to me.
You couldn't get what you need in a way that other sports do it
without changing the actual disc that we use,
that I used to just snap around tape to tape,
sending guys in on two-on-ones.
You think I could maybe not do that with the chip in the puck?
Who knows?
What if I couldn't do it anymore?
And mind you, in tennis, there is some time in between serves,
so they do need to kill time, and that's why.
But you're also not changing what they're using as far as a tool's concerned.
Now, that may give the NHL an advantage moving forward,
as a fact that they're the only major sport that does have a device
inside of the object they use
to score points. The thing is, it is fair because everyone's using it. So in that argument, like
if there's guys bitching that they actually notice a difference, like, well, you better get over it.
The other team seems to be doing fine. You know what I mean? So they don't have that complaint.
They won't be able to have that complaint complaint but if it were to ever affect the game
in terms of the pucks breaking or something then you're just looking at you thought the david airs
thing was a comedy comedy sketch you thought the e-bug thing's funny imagine if the puck started
breaking mid playoffs and ra as the player perspective of me i would be a little bit
rattled if not a lot rattled but now I'm in the media side so to me
this is just storyline after storyline it's going to eat up time on this podcast come play off time
if there is in fact a shit show oh I hope they're like ringdings you can take bites out of them and
we can just talk about like it's never ending the worst the worst stuff goes the better for us
I mean it's happened where real pucks have fucking exploded that were made correctly let
alone one that was you know designed with a chip in it.
And just to follow up, the puck will transmit data 60 times per second,
including location, speed, acceleration, deceleration, and distance traveled.
That info, along with tracking data gathered from tagging devices won by players,
will be displayed on broadcast during playoffs.
Now, I just hope this doesn't get like baseball where we're getting
fucking statted to death.
I mean, I just want the fucking game on my screen.
I don't care how much fucking time of ice the guy had on his shift.
Well, I'm in complete agreement with that, R.A.,
and as I mentioned earlier, like baseball, you're just trying
to fill up time, right?
So fucking boring.
Especially now that the Vin Scullies, there's not too many traditionalists
where they're able to  it's like the minute the game starts,
they just take you on this ride.
Like Vin Scully was probably one of the best of them,
but there's so many time in between pitches now that they need that type of
data in order to,
to fill up the broadcast hockey to me is,
is way different in that regard.
And,
and,
and before I get like way over critical,
I just want to see what types of things this is providing media members and analysts
over the course of the game.
If it's even worth it.
If I'm just going to hear like, oh, wow,
that puck accelerated off the stick this much,
I'm going to be like, yo, gas it, get the
fucking chip off the ice and let them play with the normal
puck. Yeah, that's like the whole
when a guy hits a home run now, it's like
what the speed coming off the bat was.
It's like, who gives a fuck?
I mean, do we really need to know that shit?
As far as the gambling aspect, Paul, I don't know if that's a big factor yet.
I'm sure the NHL is looking at that,
considering how many partnerships they have with gambling companies.
But it's not legal in a lot of states yet,
so it's not even something that can go into action right away.
But look for things like to bet on such things as time of ice,
shots on goal, hits, that type of stuff.
Yeah, but that has nothing to do with the chip in the pocket well i think it would make stats a little bit
more accurate but if that's all they're doing it for then then to me it seems like a waste
if it's going to help out as far as deciding whether that puck actually crossed the line or
not which is which is a game changer then hey i'm all for it but the thing is is they they haven't
been very transparent about what exactly the thing is doing.
Because they may not know.
They don't even know.
They're like, fuck it.
Yeah, they're like, what's this thing do?
We haven't figured out all the bells and whistles yet,
so let's just keep quiet on what we can actually get this puck to do.
And like I said, Biz, with tennis, you can see the balls in or out now.
You have to think, if you get the chip and the puck,
that will be part of it in some
way. But the
timing of it is very interesting.
All right, well. I'm probably hoping
for an exploding puck to go viral and have everybody
talking about them. Yeah,
maybe this is just a play to fuck with everybody
and it's just through the grand scheme to create
more awareness for hockey. Put asses
in the seats. All right, and the other big story that came out of the GM scheme to create more awareness for hockey. Put asses in the seats.
All right, and the other big story that came out of the GM meetings,
the salary cap for next season is projected to be between 84 and 88.2 million.
It's currently at 81.5 million,
so it could go up almost 7 million if it pans out that way.
Some notable UFAs this summer, Petrangelo, Krug, Hoffman, Holpe, Barry, Landis, Toffoli.
These guys are going to get paid.
Everybody thought I was crazy when I said Tyson Berry might get eight or nine.
Fuck, he actually might get that now.
Yeah, so we didn't mention.
Did you say Hall?
Taylor Hall?
That's another big one.
Oh, my God.
Here's the thing that, okay, so it's good news, right, for the players.
They see that, especially the UFA guys.
But, Biz, there's a little bit of an issue in my mind within the PA right now,
and that is the escalator system.
Do you know what that is, everyone?
No.
Okay.
So the escalator system, I'll do my best to explain this,
but the players every year can exercise this right of having the cap go up. It can go up as
much as 5, right? So guys that are UFAs, they're all in favor of that. Guys who are even RFAs,
any free agents, especially the unrestricted guys, dude, you want that escalator, right?
More cap room, more money for you. Well, the issue is that when the escalator is used and the cap goes up,
well, what goes up after that?
The escrow, okay?
So now they're at this point where they've pretty much pitted
player against player because guys who've signed a long-term deal,
well, I don't necessarily need or at all want the cap to go up because then I'm paying
escrow. I already have my deal. And then the UFAs are the complete opposite, right? They want the
chance to get paid. So they've created this system where to me, you either have to get rid of it
completely or exercise it every year. And they do do a little bit every year. But, I mean, they can't really go up to 5.
Because then what's the escrow?
A couple years ago, whatever year the All-Star game was Montreal,
the escrow was 22.
Like, dude, you play for the Rangers,
and first you get 50 of your salary cut in half with taxes.
Then you get another 22 gone in escrow.
So it's a weird time in the PA because one side is,
is leaning towards every year wanting it.
And that's every year the UFA is coming up.
And then the guys who sign are like, well, wait a minute.
So it's kind of, it's kind of odd to me.
I think in some sense,
they'll have to figure out a way to,
to come to an agreement on what they're going to do because the escrow sucks.
The higher that is, the worse for players.
That's why every player, if your team doesn't win the Stanley Cup,
hey, buddy in the NHL flying around in your Range Rover,
if your team doesn't win the NHL, you want the Leafs to win the Stanley Cup.
You want the Leafs to win the title because that's how you're going to make money back.
So the whole escrow system right now and the ability to change it
and every year to not know how much the cap's going up,
how much it's not going to go down or it's going to stay the same,
it's created confusion with players, I think.
Interesting. I had no idea about that.
For those of you who still don't understand escrow, just Google it.
But there's a lot of things that do affect escrow.
Of course, the Canadian-U.S. exchange being one of them,
the fact that it's 1.34 Canadian to 1 U.S. is a major factor.
And when the dollar was at par, I think the league was flourishing.
So until that time, I don't think the escrow is going to drastically skyrocket down.
Either way, I mean, if the cap does end up going up 7 million,
that's a huge relief for some of these teams who have overextended themselves
and found themselves in cap trouble.
Cap trouble, excuse me.
This has to be, if it ends up being 7 million, the largest jump since.
It'll be 84.
It'll be 84, maybe 84.5.
There's no way.
It sounds all sexy when you see the 88.2
number and there's no chance and i i saw on the chicklets instagram marshall even wrote when
you got mike you put up the thing of this the salary cap for next year marshall writes and
we'll just pay it all back in escrow so you could tell there's there's different sides to it but
it's kicking it could be boring i hope i didn't bore people but in x in explaining what's going on it does show that there is some sort of battle
between players uh also true on the other side of it it'll be easy for teams to get rid of bad
deals they're trying to get get rid of you know because teams will have to still get the salary
floor will be lifted as well so a little weird aspect i guess uh we're gonna have a little update
to the offsides
rule to our buddy, Elliot Friedman. The competition committee must approve all potential rule change
rule changes. But it appears as if GMs have voted to amend offside rule to football style,
basically breaking the plane. It needs to go through the competition committee,
then the Board of Governors for approval. But it seems like everybody's moving in that direction.
I like it. Yeah. I mean, it's it seems to make sense moving in that direction i like it yeah i mean it's
it seems to make sense after all the controversies we've had this year i mean i love it any single
time that there's been a goal that then has gone back 45 seconds prior to when the team entered
the zone and been canceled because the guy was one centimeter offside there's like every time
that happens there's like an nhL old Hall of Fame legend in heaven
watching down the games.
And like he gets struck down by lightning up in heaven.
It's just like that's the grossest thing in hockey right now
is when these unbelievable goals get called back
because of something that had nothing to do with the play.
So I think everyone's in agreement that changing this is the right thing to do.
The only thing I don't understand is they can get the puck in before the new puck in for this playoff, but
you can't just change the offside rule right now. Come on. If you want to do something before
playoffs, change the offside rule. Can one of you explain to me, though, why or how it's I'm not
understanding exactly what changes when they say break the plane. Does that just mean your foot can now be in the air?
It could be, yeah, it could be elevated as long as it's still on with the blue line.
And I mean, this, I don't think this is, I don't think this is severe,
but I would agree changing this rule before playoffs.
Cause it's kind of like the year where it was such a nightmare with the foot in the crease
and they stayed stubborn with it and kept it and sure shit on the fucking winning goal in the Stanley cup playoffs controversy.
So we have a couple of things that,
that might end up going our way in the media world here,
moving forward.
There's Sabre fans that are still waiting for game seven to start because
Brett Hall's foot was in the crease.
That was a no win.
Oh shit.
I got some news on the e-bug follow-up.
The e-bug is not going anywhere.
From Emily Kaplan at ESPN,
the general managers discussed emergency backup goalie procedures,
but doesn't sound like there's much appetite for reform.
The general sentiment is it's a rare occurrence,
and reacting now would be purely reactionary, I guess, right?
Most like the system currently in place.
Colin Campbell said it's a good human interest story.
I think the process works.
Our general managers are fine with it where it's at right now.
One thing I didn't get, everybody seemed to be hung up on, like,
Ayers' age, like, oh, he's 42 years old.
But, I mean, this guy's got his age in the league.
I thought they made too big of a deal of how old he was.
Yeah, he's 42.
I mean, Christ.
Made me feel like a grandpa.
Hey, mark it down already.
Put this in gambling corner, okay?
I know it's been on hiatus for a little bit.
A parlay in the playoffs of a controversial offside goal
when the new puck is shot and it breaks in half on the same play
on an e-bug goaltender, okay?
Hit me with the fucking parlay, all right?
Off the board.
That's fucking hilarious.
I bet you would 1.
You'll be on a yacht in France for the rest of your life when that one hits.
100 bet pays 1.8 billion.
And if you feel like you've been hearing about this e-bug for a month now,
that's how long it's felt.
I'll wait until we get to our interviews with Berkey and elliot yeah so we end up we got a couple
we're gonna we're gonna drop the elliot friedman episode on monday we talk about a little bit with
him and then we talk about it with berkey so uh we got plenty of that and david airs uh reached out
uh we are gonna get him on the podcast in a couple weeks here so uh it should be a good time and
once he decompresses and gets
all this media out of his way he's gonna he's gonna join us and um we should also mention we
didn't the guys we got on tap for you today with the interview did we did you bring that up yet
all right we got patrick maroon along with cam jansen two st louis bros they've been buddies
forever some classic stories were told.
So I think everyone's really going to enjoy hearing about Cam Jansen's
stick handle in seven hours before the face-off.
Face-off.
Got some good stuff coming.
Here's a little story.
I'm not sure a lot of people have been talking about it,
but the NHL-CHL, the Canadian Hockey League,
the junior player transfer agreement expires at the end of this season.
And Eric Francis, a reporter up in Canada, hockey league the junior player transfer agreement expires at the end of this season and uh eric
francis uh a reporter up in canada he he said that it was a contentious issue because you have
like maybe have like a 19 year old who's not quite nhl ready but he's too good for juniors because
it's not going to help his development so they want to like basically allow him to amend in
certain cases a player could go to the ahl because it's basically best for all involved but they
think the implications will be huge because that's, you know,
one less play you're going to have in your hometown up in Canada.
So you haven't really heard much about this yet,
but I'm sure we will in the season ends.
Whit, what's your thoughts on it?
It's not fair to dominant junior players that are not quite ready for the NHL
to have to go back to junior because it's not fair to the player and it's not
fair to the team who drafted them.
They are now your property.
And if a guy's in college,
he can leave school right away and he can go play in the AHL.
But this junior,
and now listen,
I'm very interested to get your opinion biz.
You spent time in the OHL.
You know how this works a lot more than I do,
but how does it help a player and how does it help a team develop that
player?
If he's at a level where he's almost too good for?
And, yeah, he gets world juniors.
And, yeah, when the junior season ends, he can go to the AHL or NHL,
for that matter.
But you can't tell me that a kid who's ready to play pro hockey
doesn't deserve it just because of a rule to keep junior teams better off.
Because in my mind, the whole junior system will change a
little bit maybe it gets a little bit younger and you see younger players start to dominate a little
bit more 16 year olds i mean i know it sounds crazy but it's not fair to a player to not allow
him to be in the ahl i'll say this going back 10 15 years ago i would say each case should have had to been evaluated on its own.
Nowadays, the league, an American league, has strictly become a development league.
Not many old guys floating around.
It's not nearly as tough and abusive as it used to be as far as physical play.
We all know it's changing.
So I completely agree.
You're doing him no favors by keeping him in junior if he's going to be putting up 150 points.
If anything, he's going to be learning up 150 points if anything he's going to
be learning bad habits because it's so easy at that point that he's just going to maybe be trying
ridiculous shit um i i agree i think at this point even if they change it to just evaluating it case
by case and and and going to like a panel of guys deciding or or or people excuse me i think that's
the way to go about it and that needs to be
changed and it is a bit uh how do you say that um hypocritical considering other guys can do it
whether they're from europe or college at the same age that's the issue yeah well that makes it
unfair to me to me it seems like there was a deal cut out between the chl and the nhl in order to
get higher talent back in order to to sell tickets and keep people engaged.
Now, I don't know how long that agreement, if it's a handshake
or it's an actual contract, but I agree with you.
And I think it is a bit ridiculous considering where the game has gone
and it's a lot younger at the American Hockey League level.
And I read Elliot's 31 Thoughts column and he said in there
that it's never had any sort of traction before.
And then this is the first year where you're starting to somewhat here.
All right.
Maybe,
maybe some people are going to start fighting for this a little bit.
Well,
it goes back to the CHL.
They give exemption to double underagers.
If they're,
if they're skilled enough.
I mean,
Connor McDavid stepped in as a double underager.
They have Shane,
right.
Who it's kind of a nice segue.
All right.
I'll let you get into that right now.
But he's another example.
And there's no reason that this kid shouldn't have been playing in the OHL.
Yeah, as Don Cherry tweeted about it the other day,
Shane Wright, kid's unreal.
Kingston front and ax, he beat Bernie Nichols' record
for a Kingston rookie for points.
And then he tied McDavid for most points by a player
who was in the OHL with exceptional status with 66 points.
He should break that record this week. Way to go, Shane, Don said. But man, these kids just keep
getting better and better. I mean, when you're getting compared to McDavid, it's like, you know,
how do you get any higher than that kid? And as far as this Shane Wright kid, we talked about him
during the Luca Caputi interview. He's the assistant coach there. So if you guys want to go
hear about the development process in the Ontario Hockey League, really throughout the entire CHL
and, you know, what they're doing to prepare these kids for the pros,
it was very interesting.
So kind of funny how, you know, a couple weeks after we dropped
the Caputi interview, this kid ends up breaking the record.
Yeah, a little delayed chicklet bump for him there.
And one last note from the GM meetings.
It's sort of team-specific, but our buddy, the Bergevin,
he said Habs coach Claudeude Julian will be back next season.
You know, the Canadians probably not going to make the playoff.
So, you know, people will be speculating, but he came out and said,
he will be back.
The Habs last playoff appearance was back in 2017.
He also said that both Shea Weber and Carey Price are not going anywhere.
So that wraps up for the GM meetings.
We had some good action Monday and Tuesday night
in the NHL, although we had a pretty ugly scene, a really big scare on Long Island. Johnny Boychuk,
he took an Atari Leckanen skate blade to the face. I mean, we've seen some fucking tough stuff,
boys. That was awful. He got up, flew off the ice, the trainer chasing him down. Fortunately,
right away, Colby Cohen, who I think might have played with Johnny years ago,
he tweeted out, you know,
Johnny Boychuck is a great human being.
This hurts to watch.
I'm told he has a bad cut, but his eyesight is okay,
which I think at the time, Biz, put a lot of people at ease
because there was so much concern from all,
everybody loves Boychuck, all his old teammates, fans.
He's a well-liked guy, well-loved guy.
And then, you know, for that tweet to come out,
like I said early, it was like, okay, at least we can exhale and know that you know he's okay vision wise but yeah man
that that was tough to see it was nice of his brother to send something out last night so
everybody was kind of relieved he ended up johnny boychuk had a funny tweet he said uh i would have
messaged you early but the facial recognition on my iphone wasn working. So good to see this guy's got jokes after going through such a traumatic experience.
He said that it cut his eyelid.
That's how close this fucking thing got.
And what a shit sandwich for the Islanders.
Three guys already this year who have been cut by skate blades
and who have missed time.
Yeah.
Casey Zizekas in the thigh, Cal Klederbuck in the wrist,
and 90 stitches it took to close the cut on Boy Chuck's face.
Dude, right when it happened, I thought of Berard.
I was just like, oh, my God.
Like, that was so bad looking.
And right when you saw it, I saw it on Twitter.
I gasped.
I was like, Jesus Christ, I hope he's okay.
And then it ends up being this 90 stitches.
I mean, I never even heard of a number that high.
So you can understand that that must have been the scariest moment of his career,
bar none, because when you think about the chance of losing your eye,
like the beast Berard had to go through,
it was a pretty queasy feeling kind of waiting to get the news.
So I saw the wrist one with Clutterbuck.
They've talked about it.
And you see what Yance had on in the picture with Harry Knuckles?
Yeah, he had those Kevlar.
Yeah, every guy, if they're not wearing those at this point, they're nuts.
Because the Clutterbuck one, I actually saw a replay of it.
They were talking about all the injuries that you just mentioned, Biz.
And, oh, my God, it was so gross looking.
The camera caught it right away. It was enormous. And, oh, my God, it was so gross. Looking at the camera caught it right away.
It was enormous.
Yeah, unfortunately, that's inevitable in hockey,
where it's just like those types of situations are going to keep happening,
unfortunately.
I mean, there's no really  I mean, other than the Kevlar situation,
how else would you solve it?
I mean, I remember there was some hockey blogger saying they needed
Sharpen your skates.
No more sharpening the skates.
I mean, come on.
Yeah, just roller hockey.
All right.
On the more fun side, Leon.
Oh, actually, that reminds me of a quick little story.
I fucking can't believe I just remembered this.
But Dana Hines, he'll laugh his balls off at this one.
I came back from surgery, my first foot surgery.
And it was midseason.
And I had to get back and
finally i'm like all right i'm gonna go out on the ice see how it feels and i go out there and i can't
turn i can't stop i'm like dude i'm done it's over what's oh my god my foot's not better what the
hell i'm like dana what's going on he starts panicking he looks at the skate he goes i haven't
sharpened a radius these things yet dude right out Right out of the box. Yeah, I was like, oh, thank God.
Oh, hey.
That gave me a panic attack.
Okay, so that may have been a prank and somebody fucking with you.
Well, Dana would never go down with pranks.
You know him with gear.
That's true.
You don't play pranks with Dana Hinds.
He's as official as it gets in the business.
Now, there is a prank story that I heard recently
that I forgot to bring up on this podcast,
and somebody reminded me of it.
I don't know if you've told it on the podcast before I got on.
I've never even heard it from you firsthand.
When Jeff Merrick pranked you thinking that you were on live,
and do you remember the story I'm talking about?
Oh, my God.
Tell it. that you were on live and and and do you remember the story i'm talking about oh my god tell it we'd have to have met we'd have to have merica retell exactly what he what he put on there
but one of them was i think one of the questions like how go from the start so you think you're
doing this live segment with jeff merrick right yes okay so i think i'm doing a live hit with Jeff Merrick, right? Yes. Okay. So I think I'm doing a live hit with him and
all of a sudden he's got, you know, he's asked
me a couple questions and the
first two questions are totally normal. I think
we're live. The whole fucking studio's in
on it. And then all of a sudden we're talking
about and he's like, how many kills
does he have? I was like,
what?
I was like, what? And I was like,
oh yeah, what do you, yeah, he's a sniper. And he's like, oh, how many kills does he have off the ice? I was like, what? And I was like, ah, yeah, what do you,
yeah,
he's a sniper.
And he's like,
oh,
how many kills does he have off the ice?
I was just like,
ah,
and then they all burst out laughing.
How,
how were you?
I was like,
holy shit,
Mark.
What the,
I was like,
I thought you were having a stroke or something.
What was your heart rate?
Buck 90 over 50. I don't even know how to read the, the something. What was your heart rate? Buck 90 over 50.
I don't even know how to read the  what is the normal heart rate?
Not 180.
72 beats a minute.
All right, so
Oh, Jesus, all right.
Coming in with the fucking stats.
Why are the two numbers in the heart rate?
What is it?
Why is it
That's the blood pressure.
Oh, you want to hand me
I'm going to put cologne on that blood pressure. Oh, you want to hand me on Leon Dreisaitl?
I'm going to put cologne on that blood pressure.
Dr. Ari, paging Dr. Ari.
The Paul Leon, that was the best one.
Hey, enough.
We're moving on.
Paul Leon.
Don't chirp me in my business partner.
Oh, shit.
Well, actually, Biz, you got some good buzz coming here.
Hey, you little chick, let's bump action for Leon Dreissel after you pump this tie
as he went out and passed the 100-point fucking threshold
for the second year in a row.
I mean, he's running away with the Art Ross right now.
43 goals, 65 assists, 108 points.
He's 13 more than second-place teammate Connor McDavid.
And how about the others?
Connor tweeting out, chick, let's bump from the official account? Gotta love that
stuff. I'll say this. Nothing makes my
dick harder than when I pump a guy's tires
and he fucking makes me look like a genius.
It's the best feeling in the world. I
want to Venmo the guy like a couple grand,
but he doesn't need it.
We'll get it to him when we start that cologne.
Yeah.
Hey, so here's the thing with the whole
the MVP discussion, guys.
Jesus, has that turned?
People get all sensitive about the MVP discussion.
I think Leon Dreitzel right now should be the MVP of the league, okay?
Here's my thing with Oilers fans.
Guys, guys, when people don't think and people say that they don't believe he is the MVP.
You send him death threats.
Relax.
Oh.
Relax, guys.
Because they're not even, I think for the most part,
it's not people saying that Leon Dreitzel doesn't deserve the MVP.
They're saying that there's a couple guys who deserve it more than him.
Well, then you're a fucking idiot because he's the MVP right now.
And if you try to go on Twitter and say that,
I'm going to tell you to go fuck yourself.
All right.
All right, Eddie from E-Town.
I get it.
But I'm telling you right now, you need to just calm down, guys.
And let me tell the haters of the Dreitzadl world,
of the people, he can't be MVP.
He's got Connor McDavid.
I'm pretty sure Lemieux won MVPs with
Jager, no? I mean,
he actually could. Maybe he didn't.
I'm guessing that Lemieux won
MVP with Jager on the team.
And Gretzky has some pretty great players on Edmonton.
The fact
that you can't win it because you have another world-class
player with you makes zero sense to me.
I'm not sure. I don't want to name this site
because I don't want to send haters their way
and then they'll say fucking Boston was sick on it.
There's an analytics site out there and
they were basically saying that
second and third liners deserve
MVP votes more than
Dreisaitl. It'll be strictly based on
analytics. They actually tweeted
out dead serious. Just to give people
warning, if you do not follow us and you
at or quote tweet us something of ours harassing us about Dreisaitl, we will block you.
Sorry it has come to this.
I don't know, man.
If you're telling me second liners deserve it over him, I think you deserve a little bit of harassment.
They said they'd rather Valtteri Nishkin.
What's his name?
Nishkin.
Nishkin, then him.
But the best part is like.
He didn't score a goal last year.
Here are some examples. And then it's like LMFA, dumbass account.
You guys are twins.
Which one has the brain?
Delete your account.
It's like, you think that's fucking harassment on Twitter?
Like, that's like third grade shit.
Well, they're a little soft.
Yeah, definitely a little soft.
Score one for the meathead crowd on that one, not the analytics team.
Absolutely.
Well, we'll talk about some good teams in a minute.
There are plenty of stinky teams out there.
But you know who's not stinky?
Me, because I've been using native deodorant.
Did you know many conventional deodorants contain aluminum,
which forms a plug in your sweat glands to keep you from sweating?
Excuse me.
Yikes.
Native's deodorant is made without aluminum,
so you can feel better about what you're putting on your body.
It's safe. Native deodorant is formulated without aluminum, parabens, or talc. It's also vegan and
never tested on animals. It works. Making the switch to an aluminum-free deodorant does not
mean you have to sacrifice on performance. Native will keep you smelling and feeling fresh all day
long. It's got something for everyone as well. Native comes in a wide variety of options for men, women, and even teens.
They also offer an unscented option in a baking soda-free formula
for those with sensitivities.
And there's no risk to try.
Free shipping on every order, and Native offers 30-day free returns
and exchanges in the USA.
And I also checked out their toothpaste as well.
It's good stuff.
Native's natural toothpaste can do it all.
It whitens teeth, freshens breath, and is enamel safe.
It also prevents cavities.
So for 20 off your first purchase, visit nativedeodorant.com
and use the promo code CHICKLETS during checkout.
That's N-A-T-I-V-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N-T.com.
NativeDeodorant.com.
Code CHICKLETS.
Get 20 off.
Check it out.
It's good stuff.
All right, moving right along.
Actually, Ari, I want to bring up Edmonton.
We were talking dry towel.
I do have to give them a shout-out, too, because they're turning it on.
And with those two guys, like the way that team's going,
you could see them going on a run.
And a perfect example, they've won three in a row.
At home, they won a really tough game against Winnipeg.
They went on the road, they blew out Nashville.
And then back-to-back, they beat Dallas in Dallas in overtime.
So winning three different types of ways,
including a back-to-back on the road, heads up for the Oilers.
I would completely agree.
And listen, Coyotes fans here, you guys know that.
If they end up getting second or third in the Pacific Division,
I think, hey, no one's shocked if they win the first round.
Then I would imagine I picked Vegas to win the division.
I think they're the best team.
I don't think they're that much better than the Oilers.
I mean, they could find themselves right back in the same situation where they ended up going to what,
the second round against Anaheim and getting beat a couple years ago? Yeah, game seven, second round.
Game seven, second round. Hey, I see them being able to surpass that. And they're catching
stride at the perfect time right now. I think that they're believing themselves. And they're
starting to get a few guys back off injury. Now, I haven't been able to watch enough of them
because we've been traveling around.
Is James Neal back in the lineup?
Yes, he returned last night in Dallas,
had a great chance to score in his old barn.
He used to be a member of the Dallas Stars,
people don't remember.
And Chris Russell on the back end, is he back in the lineup?
He is back. He's back as well.
Okay, well, there you go.
I don't know about Mike Green, but, yeah, they're rolling, dude.
Yeah, they got some players there,
and things are starting to head in the right direction.
There we go.
Biz, not to put it up your hoop,
but I wanted to revisit a trade we discussed earlier this year,
and a guy who's really turned it on, Kevin Fiala.
He scored in his fifth straight game.
He has multiple points for the fifth straight as well, five goals,
six assists, 11 points.
He scored his 21st goal versus the team that traded him, Nashville.
And on the season, he's got 21 goals, 30 assists for 51 points in 61 games played,
while Mikael Granlund has 17 goals, 13 assists,
so a total of 30 points in 60 games played.
Granlund's going to be UFA.
Fiala actually got extended back in September.
Two years, six mil.
Right now, that's looking like money well spent by Billy Guerin. What a trade that's turning out
to be, and we thought they were idiotic for making it. We thought he was going to just stay in that.
It's his wee stuff. Yeah, okay, sorry. I thought it wasn't going to pan out, and all of a sudden,
now he's getting those top six minutes, he's flourishing this is a this is this is essentially another Anthony Duclair situation where this guy end up
might end up being a a point per game guy I mean he's playing with that type of confidence I don't
know if you saw that toe drag he pulled off the other night against his former squad but holy
shit distance traveled for a toe drag I tell you what, man. Might be able to bet on that soon.
Could you have imagined telling a Wild fan that you were going to fire
your head coach and your general manager throughout the season
but yet still make the playoffs?
They would have told you you were on drugs.
Although I am.
I would have told you that anyway.
Yes, exactly.
They would have told me that anyway most of the yes exactly they would
have told me that anyway but this is just this is crazy stuff here and they've been playing some
fucking unbelievable hockey and this fiala has has impressed or one point out of a playoff spot
right now and uh as far as game and hands are concerned uh they have two two game and games in
hand is that right yeah games in hand on winnipeg. So to me, it's their spot to lose.
Billy G's really changed the whole attitude around there.
And that's kind of what he said from the beginning.
I thought that we needed a different voice, not Bruce Boudreaux.
I made some trades.
Guys didn't want to be here.
You're gone.
And all of a sudden, the whole vibes, the vibes change.
And when you have the respect of the way that a guy like Billy Guerin has,
you know for a fact that your team's going to show up to play, right?
They're not going to want to let him down,
especially with him being so new there.
So it is good.
I mean, we've dogged on that team a lot.
I can't see them making any noise if they do get in.
But just credit to them and credit to Columbus,
two teams that a lot of people,
including yours truly, the idiot, myself, the moron,
them and Columbus, man.
They took a lot of heat earlier in the year,
and what they've done grinding through injuries
and getting to where they're at to where they have a chance
has been remarkable.
And I'm sure we've said it before, but just getting that new coach in there,
although shocked at the time that it happened and considering they'd been playing
such good hockey under Bruce Boudreaux as of the time they did it,
but all of a sudden you get a new guy in there and then you got a new guy
at management position.
These players are like, guys, we're the next ones to go here.
We got to get going.
There's no one else to blame around here, and the pitchforks are going to turn on us.
So they've done a great job of collectively as a group figuring things out,
and what a run it's been.
Also, speaking of that division, I understand the Colorado Avalanche
still have some fans that are unable to watch their games.
We're in March now, and I think it's Comcast that's holding them hostage from their fans.
Whatever kind of pressure they somehow
put on them, fucking local cable companies.
I mean, come on. Get at the
fucking ghetto. I mean, basically the playoffs are going to be
and all the games are going to be national TV anyways, but
imagine not being able to watch your whole fucking team
for a season because of fucking conglomerates.
But if at this point I'm going to
flip it and if you're that big of a fan
you would have just gotten a different cable provider at this point.
Yeah, NHL.
Actually, if you get the NHL package, I think it gets blacked out
about your local team.
Now, to jump on our ace side here,
sometimes they bend you over on the cancellation charge.
So I don't know what types of contracts these people nailed them down to,
but my heart goes out to those people because they've got a great team to watch.
And all of a sudden now they can't see it.
So send us some tweets who's cock-blocking you from seeing your avalanche,
and I think maybe we can get the Pitchfork Parade turned around on them.
Maybe I'll even fly down there and we can do a little camp outside.
We'll get the Vindog on them.
Meme them to death.
Let's get Vindog on him. Meme him to death. Let's get Vindog on him.
We're going to GoFundMe going, and we'll pay Vindog to personally attack
whatever providers and not get you your games.
P.L. LeBrun got a huge scoop the last couple of days.
He said, quote, hearing that the L.A. Kings are talking to Will Ferrell
about being their representative in the April draft lottery.
Yeah, they called me.
Not clear it will happen, but I would love it.
Stay classy, LA Kings.
I mean, you know, this is the type of shit the NHL should be doing all the time.
No brainer stuff.
Yeah, well, last year, I think, was it the Vancouver Canucks
tried to get the whale up there to pick their ball?
And they said no, no bueno.
The leak?
Yeah, they said, they're they're like guys this is like it's gonna look ridiculous if all the gms were sitting here they're like guys
we had a 42 year old tamponi driver play net coming up soon but you can't have that whale
come up and pick them i mean shit dude i would pay some serious coin to see video of how amazing
is there and then just that whale standing there how amazing is like the the the image i'm having of the whale like he can't get
his fin in to like grab the ball and it's like and then the whole all the gms and representatives
are like waiting and then like bill daly comes out and tackles on it would just be so funny
they should get fucking snoop dog for the for the Kings. That would be hilarious. Finn is just stuck.
They're like, man, we didn't think about his Finn shit.
Oh, we should do a list of what teams,
who would they pick to represent them.
That's a great idea.
Yeah, we should have submissions from fans who think,
like off the top of our head, who do you think should be Calgary's?
Oh, call me?
No.
I mean, he'd be up there as far as social plays.
I mean, Lanny McDonald.
Lanny McDonald, yeah.
But let's go off the grid here.
Let's say no hockey players, okay?
It has to be non-hockey players.
For Edmonton, Brett Kissel, we can throw him out there.
I mean, I don't know, like, off the top of your head top of your head, Calgary, no one's thinking of anything. What about
Ottawa? Mel Gibson.
That's Melnick's boy.
I know, but it's got to be somebody
from there, not their boy.
Oh, okay. Let's
not spend too much time on this. You guys can
submit it. We got to talk about the Ottawa
situation right now. What the heck is
going on over there?
The management situation's a mess. You're talking about admit it. We got to talk about the Ottawa situation right now. What the heck is going on over there?
The management situation's a mess.
You're talking about the CEO getting shit canned. That was actually the last
story I had teed up before we go to the interview.
Another firings report,
only it's not a coach this time. Those
pesky Sens, they fired their CEO,
Jim Little, on Wednesday, less than
two months after they gave him the job on January
10th.
In a statement, the senator said the decision was made as a result of conduct inconsistent with the core values of the Ottawa senators in the NHL.
Sounds familiar.
Gary Bettman made a point of saying his firing was not related to cases of abusive conduct.
Feels like they have to do that all the time.
Bettman said it's not what you think or would be suggested.
I generally don't comment on club personnel decisions,
but it's not one of the things that we were discussing at the board meeting in
December. It has more to do with internal operations.
The Senator said they had already begun to look for replacements.
Now later in the day,
what's in a little did come out with a statement of his own.
I'm going to read that here.
He basically said,
I was looking forward to helping the team in the city and the senators.
I wish the employees, the players and coaches coaches well. They all deserve our support. The statement
made today by the team contains some language that deserves some clarification. On Valentine's
Day, the owner and I had a personal disagreement over the approach that I had been pursuing.
I am a strong-willed person, and the disagreement included me using some very strong language with
him over the phone, including swearing, which he did not appreciate and for which i later apologized
it was these events to my knowledge which led to my dismissal any other inference from that
statement is wrong so basically he's saying he got fired for yelling back at his boss and swearing
i mean fuck you matches happen all the time in hockey so this i don't know a little more than
meets the eye here or what, Whit?
Well, listen, I tweeted something that the Ottawa Senators are a complete joke. And the whole front office there is just, what a mess.
This guy was hired January 10th, dude.
And to release that statement in what's going on in the NHL this season,
especially, and to release a statement saying that his conduct was inconsistent
with the core values of the Ottawa Center's National Hockey League?
You think that's maybe dressing it up a little bit, dude?
He swore at you because you're not letting him do his job
that you just hired him to do,
and then you release a statement to make it sound like
you could have sexually harassed somebody?
Like, what the fuck is that, dude? I read i was like what did this guy do did any of you guys
think the same i i would say the way they approach that's a little bit gutless and yeah man well
that's an argument you you had an argument over the the the way that you're gonna run an nhl team
like i just said that you hired me to do the argument was was February 14th. He got hired a month before that.
And they're already in a big time argument.
And the guy's a passionate dude.
And I don't know what he said, but if he's just saying in his statement,
part of it is I swore and he didn't accept it.
Don't swear.
It's like the guy who was mad.
I was watching the video of Dana crushing beers.
You can't swear.
You can't watch a video in the bar.
Like, buddy, what are you, what are you doing? of Dana crushing beers. You can't swear. You can't watch a video in the bar.
Like, buddy, what are you doing?
Melnick is  it's James Dolan's in the news, and Melnick's in the news.
The two worst owners in sports.
Nailed it.
I don't got to say anything else after that.
Great job.
There you go, buddy.
And I've heard a lot of really good things about Jim Little.
Yeah, I thought the same thing, too. And like I said, it sounded familiar when they said
inconsistent with core values
because that's exactly what Dallas said.
They basically used the same statement, but
at least he fucking had a...
And last thing I'll
say, too, as far as the fuck you match,
very, very common when there's
that much pressure in positions
where big, big decisions have to be made.
My assumption would be he was hired mainly to try to get that arena deal
done downtown or at least have a hand in it.
Because right now, that's very important to Melnick's wallet, right?
All of a sudden, you have a team downtown
where people don't have to travel 30 minutes.
So he had to get court of public opinion on his side and he needed somebody else
to do it.
And now it's back to Melnick and everybody hates his guts.
And I don't know what he's like.
I've never shook his hand or talked to him,
but I've heard enough to know that I probably wouldn't care to sit down and
have a beer with him.
And by the way,
for Bettman to say,
it's not what you're thinking.
That just proves that when the statement
came out betman was probably like what the hell did this guy do he's basically admitting that
and then you know he probably knew beforehand released betman was getting asked about the gm
meetings and that question came up and he had already gotten briefed on it and he's like it's
not what you think exactly so he's that's a That's something now Bettman's got to deal with.
So Bettman probably hates Melnick's guts now too.
He was like the one guy who might have liked him.
Jesus.
Sounds like Pete Poppin' Ottawa could use a little bit of our interview sponsor because the interview was brought to you by Bud Light Salsa,
and we know what you're thinking.
It's a light and refreshing hard salsa with a hint of fruit flavor.
It's got 5 alcohol and just 100 calories,
and it comes in four delicious flavors,
black cherry, lemon-lime, mango, strawberry,
and you can get the variety pack as well.
So go try it for yourself.
And if you really love chiclets,
try Bud Light Seltzer mixed with Pink Whitney.
It's a perfect combo.
Personally, I'm down with the strawberry
and goes nice with the lemonade.
That's what I'm all about.
But without further ado,
we're going to send it over to Cam Jansen and Pat Maroon.
Next guest, or guests, I should say.
We got two for the price of one.
We're originally supposed to bring in Cam Jansen.
He brought along his fellow St. Louisian.
Is that how you say that?
St. Louisian.
Nice.
Pat, big rig Maroon, who won a Stanley Cup last year.
Gentlemen, welcome to the podcast.
Thanks for having us.
Thanks for having us.
Janny, you said, you said, listen, I'm bringing in my boy.
We grew up together.
I'm going to be a part of the interview with him.
Yeah.
No, we did grow up together.
We worked out together.
He's a hillbilly from South County, Oakville.
I'm one from Eureka, Missouri, so it all fits well.
But we grew up and we did the AAA system in St. Louis,
and we both figured out a way to make the NHL.
It wasn't easy, but we became friends
in the process. Who was more likely to make it
when you guys were both, say, 14?
He was scoring 50 fucking goals a day.
He was scoring 50 of...
No, like, if he wanted to fucking
play, and we all knew his talent,
I just got to get his ass into the gym,
and he figured it out.
Am I wrong on that?
He's wrong about the South County thing.
He's from a town called Eureka, Missouri.
Basically, it's about an hour from here, and he grew up in this small town.
The town always gets flooded, and not a lot going on over there.
Just known for getting flooded.
Eureka Flood Center. That's what it is.
Eureka Flood Center.
No, there's a bunch of Hoosiers, Hillbillies.
They got a Six Flags going for them.
That's about it.
They sponsor me, by the way.
You're definitely doing signings at that Six Flags.
I guarantee that.
I used to work there.
No, he's pretty.
No, South County.
I'm from a town.
It's called Oakville.
Brutal, but you know what it is. People chirp it all the time but but you're proud i'm proud i'm proud i'm proud to be from oakville
and he's proud to be from eureka but hell yeah you're like the swamp people yes yeah i'll take
that as a compliment they got a great show don't they yeah they're unbelievable unbelievable but
here's the thing though like with us. Louis, it's so cool.
All these guys we all grew up with.
We all hang out together.
The hockey community in St. Louis is very tight-knit.
All the guys that grew up.
Even if they didn't make it, we all hang out.
We skate together.
It's pretty cool.
We've got a good system in St. Louis.
We really do.
It's nice.
What was it like for this guy?
A childhood buddy to bring the cup back here.
What a special feeling that must have been. Not only for you, but all the guys you grew up playing with. It's nice. So what was it like for this guy, I mean, a childhood buddy, to bring the cup back here? What a special feeling that must have been, not only for you,
but all the guys you grew up playing with.
It's so funny.
When Patty called me, he was going through,
he was trying to figure out what he wanted to do.
We talked about St. Louis, and we kind of went back and forth.
He called a bunch of guys like Chaser, and the right guys to call,
just to kind of understand what's going on in this town.
I played here as a hometown guy um so we talked to patty and and and he uh
i guess we didn't convince him but he convinced himself we kind of threw it all at him but there
was this one time where i uh right before he came here i picked him up in my my girl's fucking jeep
that didn't have had a fucking light out in the front. And you didn't fix it for it, did you? I didn't fix it.
The Blues asked me to pick Patty up from his house
to take him to Enterprise Center to do a video
so they'd have a video in the car.
So I'm like, my truck's fucking trashed.
And who knows what's in the truck.
I didn't want anybody getting in that fucking thing,
especially with a camera.
Because of that fucking camera, I'm like, no, no, no.
You would have been prison.
I go, Kate, give me your car.
So he gives me her car.
It's got a fucking headlight out in the front. look like a hillbilly from eureka which makes sense
so i picked patty up and it was lovely we talked back and forth i remember there was one time and
it's a little sentimental fine oh i love it but i look at patty go and the camera's around i go
god damn what if we what if you fucking won the cup and we both look at each other like oh my god
it'd be unbelievable and that thing, it kind of stuck.
And he won.
And he gets that overtime winner.
And we're all there.
And you look back at that video and you're like, Jesus Christ, we had no idea.
Maybe we were just throwing that out to thin air.
But it fucking worked out.
And I watch that video, Patty, at night sometimes.
It makes me cry.
That's a true friend.
You're a true friend.
I know I am.
What makes a hillbilly in Missouri as opposed to, like to the rest of the country? That's a great question.
Well, we got guns.
We call them Hoosiers.
Hoosiers?
I'm a Hoosier tech.
What are they saying?
Is there Hoosiers in Boston?
It's a basketball saying.
Indiana.
Yeah.
Well, New England, I mean, it's just rednecks, hicks, whatever.
But we got plenty of them.
Mass holes kind of thing.
Yeah.
Well, mass holes are kind of like me.
We talk like Boston folks.
But there's actually a good amount of shit kickers in New England.
Oh, fucking heck. Fucking Maine and New Hampshire.
Maine, New Hampshire.
Less than mass, too.
So you guys are classier hillbillies than we are.
I want to talk about that whole, you know, the cup run, of course,
how tight-knit group that was.
I don't think we've had you on since you guys won it,
but just how special it is bringing it home,
the fact that your son got to see you play a full season at home as well,
just kind of go through the entire year.
Yeah, it was obviously, you know, Cam went through the signing process.
I didn't know what I wanted to do.
I mean, not a lot of teams, but I had some teams that showed some interest.
But I think coming home and being a part of Anthony's life and being
a dad for full time was kind of my first priority and then you know coming to it my next was coming
to a team that had some talented players that you look and look up and down the lineup how much
talent they had and where I can be fitted and if I was going on a one-year deal I kind of wanted to
go prove myself again you guys know what it's like it's it's frustrating going through free agency when you don't have a two-year or three-year deal you're like geez another one-year deal. I kind of wanted to go prove myself again. You guys know what it's like. It's frustrating going through free agency when you don't have a two-year
or a three-year deal.
You're like, geez, another one-year deal, and you're kind of like,
you have to prove yourself again.
It's a grind.
Well, I wouldn't know, but it's a grind.
I've heard.
Yeah, but you know.
I mean, everyone knows in the business it's just a total grind,
but I get to training camp, and you see our roster,
and Adam Peace is like Bozak, Ryan O'Reilly, David Perron coming back, you know,
and then Jordan Binnington coming in later.
But we had all the pieces.
We had the defense and going through that first stretch of the year
where you're kind of down in the dumps
and everyone's having an off year besides Ryan O'Reilly.
I mean, he was obviously our anchor.
He drove the bus every night. He was kind of our leader, but everyone else was kind of having an off year besides Ryan O'Reilly. I mean, he was obviously our anchor. He drove the bus every night.
He was kind of our leader, but everyone else was kind of having an off year.
But we found ways, and when Berube came in,
he just changed the whole mindset of the game and how we wanted to play.
And all he wanted was just work ethic.
That's all it came down to, him playing the right way.
And he kind of molded our team because we had a big team.
We weren't the fastest team.
We were kind of one of the slowest teams i would say in the you know we just found ways to ground ground and pound teams below the
top of the circles wear teams out wear them out wear them out until we finally got the edge on
them and then you know obviously you guys know the icing on the cake you know from january on i mean
we were untouchable i mean you couldn't even i thought when we were on that 10 game winning
streak i thought we weren't gonna lose another game everyone in that locker room I mean, you couldn't even. I thought when we were on that 10-game winning streak, I thought we weren't going to lose another game.
Everyone in that locker room, I mean,
Cam, you saw firsthand. You were watching,
talking about it.
You were saying how bad we were in the beginning
of the year, and then everyone was saying how good
we were at the end. And there wasn't
a huge trade or anything. I mean, granted, a new
coach, but the
switch, there's a reason
it's never happened, and it'll it's it's never happened and
it'll probably never happen again that late to the year last place and to be that different of a team
must have been the weirdest experience to actually go through and see it all day by day go go down
it was and Bennington has a lot to do with and I think Ruby you know a lot of people give
Bennington all the credit but yes you need a goal to win, 100. I think he was our best player from January on,
from the Philly game to on.
But Ruby, I think, just dialed us in
and found a way to get us to compete every night.
You know what I mean?
We thought it was going to be easy because we had all the tools,
we had all the players, but, you know, we weren't playing the right way.
And I think when you play the right way, you have to
someone has to come in and do it.
And I thought we responded well to him.
I'll throw this out to both of you.
When did you finally realize, like, okay,
this guy's just not on a bit of a heater here.
This is who he is now.
The 11-gamer?
11 games in a row?
I would say, yeah, I mean, the 11-gamer.
I think that game against Tampa, though.
Holy cow, that won nothing.
In Tampa. In Tampa. Going against Tampa, though. Holy cow, that won nothing.
In Tampa.
In Tampa.
Going against a Vezina winner.
You'll probably remember that game the rest of your life,
and it was a regular season game.
Think about it.
He was that dominant.
It was actually the game before that, to be honest with you.
It was the Florida game where you guys were down by two.
Then your dad's trip, and you came back,
and you won that game in Florida
where there's fucking 6,000 people there,
and we're all watching.
I remember at Twisted Tree, we're all watching with all the boys,
and you guys are down by two, and you come back in the third period,
and Vinny Dunn scores a game winner.
Then you go to fucking Tampa.
Then Benner fucking shuts them down,
and then everybody's like, oh, here it is.
Here we go.
I'll speak for you.
Don't worry.
I'll just crud.
Yeah, I mean, obviously, Kansas in a nutshell there.
But I think when you're going into a game
and you're playing the best team in the league at that time
and you're going up against one of the best offense in the league
and the best goalie in the league at the time,
you're sitting there thinking, like, holy shit.
Okay, this is a good challenge for us.
Where are we at?
Where's the St. Louis Blues team at and we go in 0-0 game Shen scores an OT winner and
Bennington stopped 45 shots so it's like now we have a goalie now we know we can beat the best
team in the league now it's starting to spin and guys are like okay this is our team so not to fast
forward through everything else,
but that Stanley Cup final, I said it reminded me in a way
of when the Bruins beat Vancouver, and they just beat the shit out of them.
And you guys did the same exact thing to the Bruins years later.
Was it known in your locker room, like, listen,
they can't handle our physicality?
Were you talking about that blatantly as a group?
Yeah, we were, actually.
I think every series we were. i think no one could handle it and i think with boston they're so skilled they
they play that east west game they know how to you know they kill you off the rush and we found
ways to like limit it and we have i mean our d are huge so it's like okay if we can hit marshy
we can hit pasta we can hit these guys and slow guys and slow them down and find ways to do it, let's do it.
And if we're playing offense, they're not going to be playing.
Their East-West game is not going to be in their game.
It's exhausting.
It's exhausting.
I mean, as a defenseman, Witt, you know more than anyone,
when a guy comes down and hits you,
not once but three, four, five times in your game,
you're like, okay, man, enough's enough.
I can't get up into the play.
I can't do anything.
Well, it's exhausting.
I think we found our game like that.
We found ways to wear the defensemen down.
And with Krug and all those guys they have on the back end
that can jump up in the play, we killed their rush by doing that,
and we found ways to do it.
But I would say they gave it to us the first 20 minutes of that first game.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
In game seven.
Speaking of better.
So what?
So did you guys go in the locker room at that point and say,
boys, we ain't getting fucking pushed around like that.
They just gave us a little taste of our own medicine.
Let's fucking go here.
We were up by two at the time.
They scored two goals in a minute.
I was there.
That was my first ever
playoff experience as a fan.
And it was fucking incredible.
We were sitting next to Ryan O'Reilly's old man.
It was me and you, right?
Oh, sorry. That was the first game I was sitting with Mikey
in the nosebleeds.
Then I got to sit with Witt
in the nice seats.
I think, though, the San Jose series
really... Okay, we can go through it,
but the San Jose series,
it was like, okay, fuck this.
You guys hit the shit.
Sammy Blais fucking hit Eric Carlson so hard.
Two shifts in a row.
And Pavelski.
I mean, so hard.
No, like, Carlson's reaching for the puck,
like, I'm going to go ahead and get this out of the zone.
No, you're not.
Blais comes in and smashes his temple against the glass and carlson kind of buckles then he loses
pulls his groin and now he's not skating the rest of the game like he couldn't he couldn't even skate
they you guys beat the shit out of san jose so bad to where everybody else was like oh my god
you slowed them right down i remember doing doing a post game with Bobby Plager,
and there's four guys, the four of their best,
San Jose's best players leave the ice going into the third period in that last game, and we're like, where the fuck did they go?
They hurt the four best players on the team with body checks,
and they all left the game, and he fucking won the game by four.
That kind of shit.
Going back to that D, I mean, of course perenco ends up i i he was a
fucking unbelievable defenseman but he really kind of emerged as as one of the league's top
defensemen after last year's run another guy early in the season who was a healthy scratch for
i think might have been the first time in his career jay bowmister and i mean i you know i'm
online quite a bit and the fan fan base kind of assumed that
this guy was done and he was washed up and i see you nodding right now and i went to bat for him
on the podcast i said fucking that guy shows up every day he puts the work in and and he shouldn't
be treated the way he's being treated right now and even he fucking ends up having an incredible
second half of the season where he was probably one of the most solid guys on the back end.
No, I agree with you.
And I think, like you said, being a healthy scratch, it's never fun,
especially a guy that played over 1,200 games.
And he's sitting there.
We're all wondering as players too.
You know when you're a healthy scratch,
one of your elite players is a healthy scratch.
You're all looking around like, okay, why isn't he playing?
But, okay, why is he playing?
But, okay, who's going to fill his role?
You know what I mean?
Who's going to fill Jay Bomeister's role?
And I think, like you said, Parenko's coming out party was during the playoffs.
I mean, that guy's  I would take that guy right now as a defenseman in the league.
I would pick him first to start a league, to start a team.
Shut the fuck up.
No shriek was good, man. At his age, at what his value is in the contract.
At what his value is and what he can do.
You can't get around him.
Listen, I'm not taking...
I never seen Victor Hedman play.
I never, because I was always in the West.
Now that I see him, all the hype, he lights out.
It's very easy for him.
It's unbelievable.
Good stick. He plays the for him. It's unbelievable. Good stick.
He plays the right ways.
Good defensively.
He can kill you offensively, but he can kill you defensively.
I think he's the best defensive,
but I'm talking about just the way he can defend Perenco,
and he can shut down anyone.
I would take him in a heartbeat.
He's a beast.
He's a beast.
He's a handsome beast.
All right.
Handsome beast.
I want the deeper dive into players and to hear players play with him.
And I love this shit.
But the J-Bo thing, can I just reiterate on that?
J-Bo was hurt, man.
The first half of the year last year, he got a fucking beating from the fans here.
Now, the fans in St. Louis, they're hardcore.
They're going to pick somebody out every fucking year, whether it's Patrick Bergwin,
whether it's fucking you the first half of the year,
J-Bo the first half of the year.
That first half of the year was so bizarre,
but J-Bo was fucked up.
He had hip surgery. He came back a little quick.
So, you know this.
When you double puck in,
J-Bo turns his hips. He takes one
stride. He can get back there. He's there.
Okay, fine. But the beginning of the year, last year,
he would take a stride
here, then he'd turn, don't do that,
and he'd turn this way, then he'd take a stride. So it's like
three extra things because of his hip surgery,
and then all of a sudden he got over that,
and now he's the J-Bo that we
wanted him to be, but fuck, that first
half of the year, he just couldn't move.
He couldn't move, and he's taking a beating.
Coming off a surgery like that, when he's 36 years old,
I mean, it was going to take him a while.
But the run, yeah, the Binnington run, everything.
Like I said, it's a story that I don't think will ever happen again,
just from the worst to first,
and for a city that had never experienced it,
I can't imagine your feelings after it.
And then having to leave.
I mean, I don't know how it all went down this year with free agency,
but was it hard for you to move on, or how did that all kind of play out?
Yeah, I mean, it was hard.
Honestly.
Not to bring up a bad subject, but people are interested.
No, no, it's not, because people ask me all the time.
But as players, we all know.
I mean, it's a business where it's, you know, who's up next.
You know what I mean?
Like who can fill that role up next.
For less money.
For less money.
And I think they had, you know, they had to sign Sundquist.
They had to sign Sanford.
They had to sign Sammy Blaze, which is kind of a player that plays heavy,
protects the puck well.
And, you know, they got, you know, Edmondson was up.
So I knew where I was at.
You know, Edmondson was up.
So I knew where I was at.
But at the end of the day, I wanted to go to a team where I wanted to win again.
You know what I mean?
When you win once, you want to win again.
And you want to go to a winning team.
I wanted to go to a team if I can help them.
And I had a couple of teams, and Tampa was one of them.
And I knew Coop a little bit, and I knew kind of what they went through last year.
So maybe I can come in, they see a rugged guy that will stick up for his teammates kind of thing and play a totally different style than they're used to seeing.
Well, also, look, when you're a team trying to get over the hump, you want guys who've done it.
Listen, this guy, he's been to the top of the mountain.
That's a guy you rely on when the playoffs come this year and things have quickly turned around for you guys where, this guy, he's been to the top of the mountain. That's a guy you rely on when the playoffs come this year
and things have quickly turned around for you guys where, all right,
well, this guy's been through that war because that's a locker room
that really hadn't had a ton of experience in trying to get to that Stanley Cup title.
No, I agree, and I think we have a good core group.
We're kind of seeing how to win now.
I think in the beginning it was kind of history of last year
and what they went through at training camp.
I was feeling their pain because I was like, the media was asking me,
and I was like, geez, I feel like I lost with these guys.
They're still dealing with it.
They're still dealing with it.
And he's showing his ring off on a fucking plane.
He's like, bling, in the back.
Nobody will sit near him.
But I was feeling it.
I was like, holy fuck.
I would go home, and I I was like, holy fuck.
I would go home and I'd be like, God, I just got asked these hard questions where I feel sad for these guys.
Obviously, you never want to go through that, winning the President's Trophy,
winning, what are they, tie records?
Breaking records.
Breaking records.
You know what I mean?
And I'm the guy sitting there that just came off of winning the Stanley Cup,
and I'm like, I don't want to rub it in their face but like i'm just fucking heartbroken for these guys because
they they were so good so they've been a contender for basically a decade i mean going back to 2011
they lost that seven games here to the brones but i want to go back to game seven of the cup last
year what was the feeling in the room before the game is it nervousness trepidation confidence what
what's the room like before that it was honestly we had a like a really relaxed room we like to joke around we like to have a good time
who was pumping the music in that room ah jay chooksy shanner braden shan chooksy
dj oh well dj dz delzato, too. He's jacked, by the way.
Cut up.
Oh, my God.
Fucking guy.
His Instagram's priceless lately.
Oh, he must do okay.
No, but it was, we're, honestly, we're a good group of guys.
We like to have a good time.
You know, me, you know, just jokingly make the guys relax.
And Berube did the same, though.
Like, Berube was that guy.
Like, come in and be like, all right, this is your time to shine.
Let's fucking go. Let's go fucking win this thing guys short and
sweet let's just go you see a public speech you know what i mean like he wasn't like the guy that
sat in there and said okay we need to do this he just said hey it's our time you know this is what
we're here for this is what we play for let's fucking win and guys are like kicking each other
like yeah let's go win it's like no you're a fucking unbelievable team. Go fucking win this thing. You deserve it.
But yeah, we like to have a good time.
And we were really relaxed.
Guys were having fun with it.
Because you never know when you're going to go back.
But you guys know.
You guys have been on deep runs.
It's mentally exhausting.
When that series was over
and the buzzer rang, I was so happy.
Win or lose, I was.
There's nothing left in the tank.
There's nothing left.
You're just drained mentally and physically, and you're just like, holy shit. Then you have to go through all the process again and, like, you know, the parade,
and then some guys have to go through free agency.
Then you're like, holy fuck.
You're like, wait a minute.
You're like, it's camp.
I got to go to camp next week.
You got YP texting you every other day looking for a new pilot.
Looking for his damn guinea pig.
Not to box you out here, Cam, shifting focus to Tampa Bay real quick.
Some of the guys pulling the bus there, I mean, Stam Coast,
does the work ethic on them?
Just maybe dive into their personality if you can.
Yeah, they're great.
You know, Stam is a great guy.
He's funny.
He's a good captain.
You know, he obviously wants to win he's been there before he's been surrounded by veteran guys cooch is a great guy cooch i mean those guys are a fucking offense they're
they're unbelievable every single night you don't know what you're gonna get and you're gonna see
something different every single night it's insane but uh i don't know those we have a good group of
guys in there we have a shatty brings a
different element uh that was a nice signing that was a good signing a really good sign um you know
we just you know everyone's buying in right now you know we have the one of the best we have the
best goal in league i think it's just putting it all together now you know we know we have the
offense i mean killer's having a career year he has 20 goals right now. And you got Tyler Johnson.
You got Braden Point.
People forget about Tyler Johnson.
He's a 20-goal scorer for the last, I don't know, six years.
Is that good?
Braden Point, people never talk about.
And you're like, who the hell is Braden Point?
And you're like, he's probably one of the best centermen in the game right now.
Put it this way.
He was good enough that he held out out like yeah scrubs don't hold out
well like we have we have honestly and we have andre palat you guys probably only talk about
that guy was he's put up 70 points in this league people are like who's that yeah and you're like
we have an unreal offense is great like guys are but, like, there was the fact that we had, like,
this 10-game winning streak was, like, I'm going off track,
but, like, we needed to figure out how we were going to win.
And defense wins, I feel like, championship.
Playing the right way, defending your goalie, not giving up 45 shots a night.
Because we would give up 40, and we only, you know,
we only have 20 shots in that, but we win six two so it's like you get 18
grade a chances exactly so but i think i think guys are buying in it's a great team sam is a
hell of a guy cooch is a hell of a guy we actually have a it's been fun it's been a fun year sweden
i think helped us out a lot sweden we talked about how cool it was for probably headman to go back
home where these stars don't get to shine in front of their, you know,
where they grew up.
I mean, did you talk to him about that personally
and how much it meant to him?
Oh, I mean, he was crying during the national anthem.
Really?
It was neat to see guys.
I mean, as those guys going back home and playing in front of your hometown
and your friends and family finally get to see you play
and, you know know you're just
playing and you know how much money did you spend there by the way i spent 10 g's in a week when i
went there in no way yeah that's why we need camera let's go i'm dead serious on that patty
because everything's fucking expensive okay well going i was going to explain that part
well i mean the fine fund paid a lot of it, but... Which is all you guys.
What was that at?
What was that at?
Well, you're...
In a way.
You're paying out...
Well, you were probably on your own a couple nights.
You can't get the fine fund to pay for a...
Hey, Derek Armstrong with me.
You guys are nutbag.
You guys took a train to, like, Gothenburg.
Who knows?
No, but I think Sweden Turner's season round,
to be honest with you, in a good way.
Bringing the guys together. You know what it's like. you're at home you're with your wife you're with your
kids it's hard to get guys out of the house sweden was a prime example of just what we needed
team bonding going out having drinks with the guys you know we were there from sunday to saturday
so we had sunday all the way to fr Friday to do whatever we wanted. Oh, man.
Dude, I mean.
I love that people, fans out there say, oh, these NHL teams,
they go play a game in Europe midseason, get a week over there.
They must rip it up.
You have no idea.
They really enjoy themselves.
And yes, guys, coming up to the game, you get a little bit more professional,
but you got two or three days in Europe.
What do you think they're doing? Blonde hair, blue eye, hair blue eye everywhere that's a green light if i've ever seen it's a
flashing green light oh sorry go ahead no go ahead no i was just gonna i was going back going back
to kucherov because he reminds me and i don't know him but he reminds me of malkin and the ability to
like he kind of snaps out there sometimes like i saw malkin smash a stick into a thousand pieces
when he didn't score a goal.
He had five assists that game.
So I sense that Kucherov, he just gets furious at times during games.
Yeah, 100.
I play with Tarasenko just the same way.
But I think people, their culture is so much different.
So when they snap, they think it's at the team or at the player. it's really at them like they're mad at themselves you know what i mean and i think some
people misunderstand them in that way it's like jesus why what did i do wrong why is he breaking
a stick but like you you gotta understand him but like he's he takes a passion i mean he's probably
skating right now in tampa he didn't go anywhere over break.
He's go somewhere over break.
But that's who they are.
They want to be the best.
All they do is practice. They care, they practice, and they want to work on their craft.
To watch him practice, too, the way he, after practice,
the way he works on things, it's truly amazing how he sees the ice
and where he wants to pocket a whole fake
past someone a puck when there's no one even in that area and you're just like whoa yeah i don't
even see that so you're going back to your comment i can't no no and listen seriously listen i wanted
to be the best partier that's why i worked at it okay and same with you i will never fault a hockey
nerd quote unquote for honing their craft and taking it down. I'm unbelievable at it.
God gifted me that, and that's what I do.
No, but Sweden, though, like, God, we were over there in 08.
We were playing Detroit.
I remember that.
You're going so way off topic right now.
No, this is what we need.
He was talking about you chirping Kucherov for staying around and practicing.
In your mind, you're such an animal.
You're like, yeah, we got to get back to my trip to Sweden.
I spent 10K, but they got to hit ground.
You got to practice in order to be the best.
And you practice at partying, so let's go back to your time.
Well, I'm the same for Kucherov.
It's like, okay, yeah, you're unbelievable.
But take a couple days off and just chill.
I'm sure he took Saturday, Sunday off.
He's back at it now.
It's like a drug camp.
He's trying to be the best.
Let's go into Sweden with the Jansen.
I'm just saying, you can spend a lot of money there,
and all the women there have blonde hair and blue eyes,
and you're just like, I'm in a fucking fantasy land.
So kind of like your wife.
And that's your pattern.
My wife right now, exactly.
Thank you for bringing that up.
She's going to be listening to this.
Hey, Kate, you're still good looking in my eyes.
Well, thank you for that.
No, but we, no, look, anytime you go on a trip like that overseas,
like everybody bonds, man.
They all bond.
They bond on the plane.
Everybody gets together.
It's fun.
Hey, I got a Cam story while we're sitting here.
Okay.
Just because we're off topic right now.
So, obviously, I skate with Cam in the summer, and I worked out with him.
And we used to do this.
We used to go to Finney's gym all the time and box.
So Cam had this bright idea to bring these USHL kids to box with us.
And I was like, Cam, you know, we're just sparring.
Bullock is sparring with us.
I'm like, I don't think these kids use it.
No.
They fucking need to know how to fucking fight.
What if they fucking get their ass beat in the USHL? I'm like, I don't think these kids. He's like, no. They fucking need to know how to fucking fight. What if they fucking get their ass beat in the SHL?
I'm like, Cam, relax.
They're in a skilled league.
There's no one fighting in the SHL.
He's like, well, fuck your confidence.
I'll beat the fuck out of you.
I'm like, okay, I know you will.
Just relax.
So we skate.
We would work out, skate, then we would go box.
So these kids came to us.
We used to wrap these towels around our neck
and the our our um our trainer would tape them back and we we'd spar we'd fight we'd fight
so cam's like hey jake come on spar with me i'm like oh fuck this kid's 16 i'm like 17 please
don't punch this kid like we would it doesn't have an off switch we don't hit this kid. Like, we would hit. Chance doesn't have an off switch. We don't hit these kids.
I mean, we would hit each other just to feel it because, like, he's nuts, obviously, and he wants to feel him get hit.
And, like, I was getting hit by Cam.
I'm like, holy fuck.
Like, I have to go home.
Like, summer's.
So did I.
I want to go out tonight.
Like, I don't want to have a fucking headache.
So this kid gets in there.
I'm like, oh, fuck.
This is going to be bad.
So it would go punch, punch, and then he would throw a punch.
The other kid.
So Cam would go punch, punch, and then he would open up, and the kid would punch.
So they started going.
Then it started opening up, opening up.
Cam.
This kid had balls then on him.
He had balls.
He's a millionaire now.
Figure it out.
Go on.
Finish this story.
Go on.
Go on.
Explodes his nose.
Just buries him.
Knocks him out.
And I'm like, oh, my God.
This kid's nose is bleeding.
Can't even see out of his eyes now.
His eyes are watered. And I'm like, holy shit, Cam.
And he goes up to me.
He's like, you all right, bud?
I'm like, what do you think, Cam?
He's not all right.
He's like, oh, he's fine.
Just get up.
I'm like, holy shit.
So he gave him a concussion.
Probably broke his nose.
The kid's making 30 a year right now.
It doesn't matter.
I'm toughening him up.
Okay, so who's the kid?
I don't know who you're talking about.
Jake Wilson.
Oh, Jesus. Oh, he's tearing it up. So why are who's the kid? I don't know who you're talking about. Jake Wilson. Oh, Jesus.
Oh, he's tearing it up at Arizona State.
So why are you saying he's making 30 million?
Ah, he's not doing that.
I lied about that.
He's in Arizona tearing it up, though.
He's in Arizona tearing it up.
He's a handsome fella.
And I'm like, holy shit.
I'm like, Cam, you can't be doing to these kids.
Like, they're fucking 16, 17 years old.
They've never been in a fight.
They're fighting in NHL.
Maybe he's right on there.
So he hits him.
Okay.
Kid gets up.
Tough kid.
Tough kid.
His uncle used to train us.
Bless his...
Rick Wilson played in the NHL.
He passed away.
But his uncle used to train us.
And kid gets up.
He's like, Cam looks at him.
He's like, now you know what it's like to get hit?
There you go.
Now he's slaughtering pussy left and right's like to get hit? There you go. And I was just like.
Now he's slaughtering pussy left and right in fucking Arizona.
So what are you talking about?
Slaughtering.
Hey, dude, that's like.
Imagine when you're 16 getting hit by Cam Jets.
You're sitting there like.
Tough love.
Some tough love right there.
Hang with the boys, man.
That's the price you got to pay.
And it helped him out.
Ain't that big of a deal.
But that's what we used to deal with.
He used to skate all the time.
Now you're saying he's playing at ASU? okay i'll have to go uh okay i you were yeah
exactly i go to some games he's her captain okay we'll have to pay closer attention to bring up
that story dominating down there all right what do you got for us i was gonna say kim you played
uh over in uk like biz did i noticed you had 98 penalty minutes that must have led the league over
there no uh i don't know if it led the league, but I'll tell you this, Biz.
Yeah, you played over there, too, and so did Wade Belak and a bunch of...
I was kind of going through that time where I couldn't get a contract.
Do I call Lou Lamarillo?
He just went to Toronto.
Do I say, do I want to play for the Marlies?
I'm like, ah, fuck.
A couple of guys I know, Jordy Fox and Brock Wilson,
they said they went over to Nottingham and played,
so Nottingham got a hold of me and I went over there.
I thought that league was just
going to be I'm going to go there I'm going to
fucking poe drag cats
I'm going to fucking do my shit
I'm going to wave to the fans
it wasn't a St. Louis men's league
I'm going to be fucking royalty
you and Harry
and we're going to do our shit we might
disconnect from royalty we might not we don't know yet
doesn't matter but I'm going to go over there and have might disconnect from royalty. We might not. We don't know yet. Doesn't matter.
But I'm going to go over there and have a good time.
And I get over there.
And I play my first game.
There's fucking heavies everywhere.
I mean, fucking everywhere.
I'm like, oh, I do got to fight.
I fought fucking 20 times that year, fighting guys left and right. It's all the same fucking guys I played.
Zach Fitzgerald.
Remember him?
That dude's bad to the bone.
Oh, so all the guys.
There was no English.
There was no English.
I'm going to fight English guys over there.
Fuck.
Who'd you knock out though?
That was all who we know.
That was bad.
Oh, yeah.
I remember that.
How about it go, chap?
What was he?
He was in America.
He was a fucking Canadian guy, man.
You knocked out a player who played for the Cardiff Devils.
You know what I'm talking about.
And that's when I started getting tweets that
bring Biz back. Oh, because this was
after you. This is after.
Oh, they almost brought Biz back to deal
with Jan. What's his name?
Well, I was over there to score goals, mind you.
So was I, and it didn't happen.
I thought I was going to be fucking tip-toeing
around everybody, like doing my thing. Like, I'm a
fucking good hockey player. No, you're not, Cam. No, you're not.
You need to go hit and fight. And I'm like'm like oh i fucking put a show on over there for that
nottingham i sort of fucking god they treated us honestly like fucking royalty but if i wasn't
going out there like and like i did when i was making fucking 700k a year no i was making like
30 euros not even dude i'm thinking i'm trying to take the boys to school.
I'm free.
Yeah, I went to school.
Get on with yourself.
You don't think Jansen has his MBA?
I'm spending money like no other.
Then I have to go out there.
Fan base was so awesome in Nottingham, and I'm fighting everybody,
and then you fucking do this, and they fucking love it.
They treated Kate like she's a princess.
But I'm still fighting, guys.
That fucking league over there was so hardcore.
It was the most intense league I've ever played in my life.
I'll put it that way. And then when I retired from that, we won two championships, which was great.
I retired after holding a trophy up, which is cool.
It wasn't the same trophy as you, Patty.
I know you're going to chirp me, but that's fine.
But I still held a trophy up.
But the next year, they signed Patrick Bordelot.
They signed, who was that, Eric Nielsen.
All these heavyweights go over there.
I'm like, thank God these radio people hired me to retire,
or I would be fucking sick.
You'd be back there.
And I joke around, but I would have been set back, man.
I didn't get caught with one.
I went toe-to-toe with a lot of guys that year.
Wasn't making any fucking money.
I was in the fucking red at the end of that year. Wasn't making any fucking money. I lost. I was in a fucking
red at the end of that year.
I was still fighting and all that stuff, but they treated
us great. If I would have gone back there
for one more year, I would have had to fight
four fucking times a night.
You play ten teams. Ten fucking
teams. They had three heavies
on each team, and you're not making any
money. Culturally, how did you enjoy the
experience? Loved loved it the people there
are they are this we
walk to the rink you walked all these little
pubs this pubs like from the 1100
so I'm like oh shit what's up like
looking around like oh it's like I
love I love English history
I love I love European history like I love
the you know travel in time
and go back to the Middle Ages don't laugh at me
I love to go back in time back in the Middle Ages. Don't laugh at me. I'd love to go back in time, back in the Middle Ages.
And you go back there.
Here's the point.
You're traveling.
If you're in American League and you're traveling from fucking Bennington.
That's the goal here.
You're thinking of Binghamton.
You're thinking of bingo.
The fucking dump.
It doesn't matter.
And you go down to Springfield and you look around like, eh.
But when you're traveling from Nottingham to Scotland and you're looking over and I'm like, oh, wow.
That's where William Wallace killed seven people.
I go, what castle is that?
And they're like, oh, that's that castle.
I'm like, oh, that's really cool.
And then you go down and you play a game.
You fight a couple of times and you party with the boys.
Fucking the Brits are awesome people, man.
They love drinking.
Knocking awesome people.
Nottingham, that's where Robin Hood was, right? Yes, absolutely.
Yeah, he went on the tour
every afternoon.
He'd sign autographs on the Robin Hood tour.
And then you ended up poor.
We had a blast, man.
You paid money to go play in England.
If I were to play one more fucking year over there, though,
I would have got caught with a fucking left hook to my temple
and it would have set me back. And I'm glad that didn't happen man my head's good right now and then i would joke
about other things my head's good right now the only great to hear about my head is what i put
into my head that's on me but over there man i would have got caught and what are those things
i don't know something you want to show the group
he's gonna run down the fire escape to tackle you oh wait what's the so i experienced some
things there where i was like what this is pro hockey like you had to pack your own lunch and
we would go on an 11 hour bus ride from from cardiff all the way up to scotland lunch on that
well that was my first ever first ever game was the day after I got there.
And I hadn't been brought up to speed, so I ended up going out that night.
That's when I slept in the hallway for a bit.
That's always a good sign.
Because Debbie and Diddy O'Middy forgot to leave the door unlocked.
But what was the biggest, like, oh, my God, this is crazy that this is happening.
We're playing pro hockey moment over there.
Well, probably when you're up in fife and the boards are honestly concrete so i fucking i dump the puck and i'm like i'm gonna get this
motherfucker i'm gonna fucking stick this cat and he ducks me and i hit the boards i'm like
i'm like pissing blood for three weeks straight i'm like what is like what is this
but that's whatever
like in american leagues like some of these fucking rinks in american league are fucking
shit man so if i if anybody wants any advice if you're grinding it in the east coast you're
grinding you're making go over go experience europe you're making the same amount of money
you'll get to fucking look at castles you're doing your shit you meet new people hell you might be a
fucking gm over there after you're done playing you know what i mean so it's a it's a different
aspect of of of your hockey career and i think it's a pretty cool thing you you just brought up
dumping it in and just going to try to run down some d and i might have said this the first time
you came on but i always remembered that from the minute i played against you you're dumping in you
be like wait i'm coming i'm coming you and sean thornt you, you'd dump in and you'd be like, wait, I'm coming, I'm coming.
You and Sean Thornton, I remember it all the time.
You'd be very open and honest, like, I'm going to hit you, here I come.
And I respected the hell out of it because then I'd see you and Thornton fight.
I'm like, these guys are playing with a lot of honor, I'll say.
That was always part of your kind of approach?
Yeah.
I'm the kind of guy, I don't...
Do you know what I mean?
I want people to respect me, but I don't want you to hate me like i don't like that i don't
want you to hate me i don't anybody hate me even be on the radio now it's like fuck man you gotta
watch what you say like i don't want to i don't want to get political because i don't i just i
don't i don't like when people don't like me now if you don't respect me then i don't know what to
do about that but if you in that instance no i i just wanted you to brace yourself so i wouldn't get a fucking 20 gamer homeboy sorry
i like you this tall pussy whitney will bend at the knees i'll get a 20 game
no money this summer to go out brace yourself i'm gonna hit you in the fucking chin okay that's what
it is i do remember that though um yeah no no you're you're up all right did you get locked
out of the building after game seven?
Did something happen with that?
Oh, fuck.
Sorry, I got queued up for that.
That was a long fucking day, by the way.
So, Channel 5, local channel, and Frank Cusimano,
I'm going to give him a shout out.
He's a fucking awesome guy.
Frank Cusimano, Channel 5, sports director.
Awesome guy.
They fly me up there to do pre-posts, all that stuff.
I get up early, hang out in the airport.
Everybody's so...
There's Blues fans everywhere.
It's six in the morning.
I get there, and they wanted me to stay with the other local sportscasters in this little
bungalow that they had 15 miles outside of the city.
No.
I'm like, you're out of here.
I played in the NHL.
You're out of your fucking mind.
I'm going to bring my broad up.
I'm going to spend 1,500
on a fucking hotel room
and we're going to do our own thing.
I get there,
chaos,
da-da-da.
I put my suit on.
I'm sweating.
I sweat so much.
I'm sweating through my suit already.
We finally get to the thing.
The game's going on.
I'm hanging with the guys upstairs.
Not to mention,
I'll tell you this,
no offense, R.A.
I don't like that building.
It's a shithole.
That's the worst, somewhat newest building in the world.
Is it?
Well, now it's 30 years old.
Write an email.
Write an email to somebody.
I've shit on it numerous times.
They fucked with that building.
I'm standing next to people, and we're standing next to all the guys that are sitting the game out.
And like, why are these people by?
There's just nowhere to go.
So anyway, I'm doing this, doing that, whatever.
I'm stressed out all fucking day long.
Long day.
At the end of it, I go upstairs, and I got to do the post game.
So I do a little nerdy thing.
I'm trying to capture everything.
You know what I'm talking about.
You know what I'm talking about.
Yeah, you're in the media.
I'm holding on.
I'm doing nerdy things.
Like, oh, hey, did it.
And all of a sudden, we do Channel 5, and I'm sitting up there, and I'm looking down.
Everybody's celebrating on the ice.
All my buddies.
Phil, your brother, with sandals on.
He looked like a fucking jackass.
He's got sandals on. He's fucking toe-picking left and right.
I'm watching all of them.
Just a shot at Phil.
I'm sitting there on the camera.
Like, the camera's on me.
And I'm with Rene Knott, and I'm like, dude, are we going down there? He's like, no, we got to stay up here. I'm sitting there on the camera. The camera's on me. I'm with Rene Knott.
I'm like, dude, are we going down there?
No, we have to stay up here.
I'm like, okay.
30 minutes goes by.
We're not even doing anything.
I'm looking at everybody's partying.
It's like a dream.
It's like a dream where you see everybody having fun, but you can't go there.
So I'm like losing my mind, losing my mind.
I'm like, finally, it's over.
So I'm like, oh, I got to get down on the ice. ice i need to take pictures i need to capture this moment like of course you
need to capture the moment so i'm like fucking panic mode i go in the uh the the elevator i'm
like get me down the ice so they take me down the ice and i'm like okay boom they get off the
elevator i walk out i walk through this place i go go this way i go where's the ice go this way
i walk out open another door.
I cruise out.
I'm in a pissy fucking mood, which I shouldn't be.
We just want to Stanley Cup.
I just deal with him during this.
No, I'm dead serious.
I'm so pissy.
I can see it in your face right now.
I'm dead serious on it.
I'm like, where's the ice?
Blues fans all come up.
They're picking me up.
Pick, like, over their shoulder.
Like, can't wait one.
Wait one.
I'm like, get off of me.
I'm like, where do I go? I'm like, where do I go?
I'm like, oh, Cam, don't do that.
Don't do that.
We just want to stay on the cup.
These are your fans.
They're happy.
Be happy with them.
They like you.
They like me.
They're picking me up out of, you know,
like their happiness.
So I'm like, where's the ice?
So they don't know.
I go to another security guard who was a dick, by the way,
and he goes, go out these doors.
I'm like, okay.
I'm panic mode sweating my
ass off i just want to get on the ice to go to you and go to all your family and fucking take
pictures of all you guys and be like fucking you know the guy's like i go where's the ice look i
play i'm doing this i don't know where my credentials are but where's the ice i need to
get on the ice to do whatever he goes right come on follow me We're out those doors. I'm like, thanks, man. Fucking right.
Thank you.
Go Buckles.
Walk out those doors.
Boom, slam behind me.
I'm outside.
You motherfucker.
I swear to God, if you could have gotten to that security guard, you might have killed him.
I would have dummied him.
You might have killed him.
I would have T-twist his ass. I can sense everything right now.
I would have Cassie-ed him.
Dude, the fact you let the door shut though you know it's like five
it's the one with a look hey check your shoulder jams before you shut the door it was the doors
where it's like 15 in a row where you know it's the exit and i just wasn't thinking he's like
it's out there son i'm like okay cool walk out there nobody anywhere boom shuts behind me i'm
locked out the whole thing didn't go in the ice.
It was probably Officer Yandel.
I found my girl.
We took a little pony ride back to our hotel.
We got fucked up all night.
How upset were you on that pony ride?
Were you still venting to her about it?
Kate was about to leave that pony ride and walk home by herself.
And I had to calm down.
Everything's good.
Everything's good.
He didn't go in the ice, and that's fine.
But everything's good, Cam. You're going to do a million. Everything's going to calm down. Everything's good. Everything's good. He didn't go on the ice, and that's fine. But everything's good, Cam.
You're going to do a million.
Everything's going to be good.
And I just had to calm myself down.
We partied all night.
It was a fucking blast.
It's fun to go back and look at that.
But I don't like that arena, and I'm going to find that security guard.
I wonder how many other guys did that, too, because you had no credentials on.
Like, yeah, buddy, I'm with the team.
He's like, yeah, go with these two.
The guy thought I was a jackass.
He's like, yeah, go out there and get shit.
R.A. ruined it for you because he's done that stuff.
You knew that guy. I think you knew that guy. No, I'm saying he's done it so like, yeah, go out there and get shit. R.A. ruined it for you because he's done that. You knew that guy.
I think you knew that guy.
No, I'm saying he's done it so many times they finally had to crack down on it.
Nah, man, nah.
I never had to ask for directions.
I got to ask Patty, has this guy always been a psychopath?
A psychopath.
He's always been like that.
Like we would skate, the prime example of Cam Jensen, summer skates.
You know how you just want to go out there and float around?
It happened.
Please don't hit me.
So after workouts, we would go
get lunch, and he'd be like,
alright, Patty, skate's at 2. I'm like,
Cam, it's 11.30.
He's like, nope, gotta get there now. I'm like, Cam,
I'm not going to
summer skates right now. He's like,
no, you gotta get there. You gotta warm up and stuff.
I'm like, Cam, I'm not going. I'm going to eat lunch. I'm going home
to relax for a sec. He's like, no.
So I would come, and I would watch him warm up.
For shinny hockey.
Okay.
I'm a loser.
Loser.
Dynamic warm up.
So you know those toe drags in England he was talking about?
That's what he was working.
All I heard was.
They didn't work.
All I heard was for two hours, this ball going clink, clink, toe dragging, toe dragging.
What did the ball do to you?
Hitting it off the wall.
Hitting off the wall.
This is what he would do for two hours.
Ryan O'Reilly doesn't even know how to chirp in him.
That's what I heard.
The time out.
He would do it in the hallway so when the guys would come in, the guys would come in.
During the time, he'd be like, and I can score, and I can fight.
I'm like, Cam, relax.
They're little kids again.
He's a WWE character.
He's eyeing up Wilson again.
He's stick handling the hallway too, hitting off the concrete wall.
And I'm like, Jesus Christ.
He took that routine into the NHL.
You always used to warm up with the ball before NHL games.
Yes.
Guys are like, yo, embarrassing.
What are you doing with that ball?
I need to get the fucking puck out of the zone.
People act like I don't.
The fucking puck's going to come to me.
I need to get the fuck out of the zone.
Some people do figure eight with a golf ball.
He chips it off his driveway door.
That's his summer schedule.
Just high and hard off the driveway door.
Fucking people though.
Fuck that.
Wait, wait.
Like the puck's not like I'm just going.
No, the puck's coming to me on the fucking wall eventually.
I need to know what the fuck to do with it.
In order to do that, I need a stick handle, another fucking puck,
so I can get that fucking puck out of the zone.
Does that make sense to anybody else but me?
Holy shit.
We're not playing.
We were in Albany, and we kept hearing this off the boards.
We're like, what the fuck is going on?
Who's banging off the boards right now?
So I'm like, who the fuck?
I was like, oh, Cam plays for this team.
It has to be Cam.
So I'm like, boys, you got to come out and watch this.
He's on the ice with his shoes, stick handle on the ice, ripping snapshots.
I had tight gear on, too.
Off the boards.
I'm like, who's that?
I'm like, that's Cam Jets.
He's been in the NHL for a while.
He's like, we're playing that guy tonight.
We're like, yeah, that's the guy we're playing tonight.
He's going to get that puck out of his own, too.
I'm pissing my pants.
He's stick handling.
He's toe dragging.
I'm like, Cam, what's up?
He's like, fuck you, Patty.
He's snapping pucks. I'm like Cam what's up He's like Fuck you Petty He's snapping pox I'm like
What is wrong with this guy
But he brought it to
The NHL
Didn't they tell you
To pick up the ball one day
No they
Lou told you to pick up the ball
Lou
Well I
I much remember
Remember your big graph skates
You wore those
Fucking
Slipper baby
He wore those
Thick
His tongues were longer
Than his skates
They would hang out
Over the toe of his skate.
I'm like, this guy is a bulldog out here.
I wore, I used grass sticks too and they were fucking parable.
And I'm like, they paid you like 300 for that?
They paid me nothing for that.
Like nothing.
I still have them in my basement.
I hand them out to people.
That's what I hand out to people right now.
In Eureka.
In Eureka.
They burn them in their backyard. What did you do with your day with the cup over the summer uh we're gonna
get into that you wanna get in that we're gonna get into it in a positive way no uh so we went to
uh we went to my uncle's roller hockey rink and had a little hour and a half session there
we brought up that's kind of where i grew up playing hockey it started on blades and
so i my uncle's kind of the owner of it now and i went there brought there for an hour and a half
kind of brought the fans it was kind of 500 people i made a list because i was in st louis
you know cam talks about me being from south county i wanted to bring it there
but it'd be more for like bar hopping kind of. But I have an 11-year-old kid, as you guys know.
I was just like, what am I going to do with an 11-year-old kid bar hopping
and going party bus out of the bar?
So I kind of branched it out, went to my uncle's, and I went to what I was talking with about it,
my fiance's Italian restaurant, Charlie Gito's.
It's right here on 6th Ave.
You guys got to go.
Whoever's listening, whoever's calling.
All free ads.
All Star Break, free ad right there for biz.
We went there for about an hour and a half.
That was actually really fun.
You know, both events were really fun.
And then we went out to a family friend's house.
He owns a ranch.
It's like 1,000 acres, but it's, oh, geez, what is it?
It's like a grown man's playhouse, basically.
Unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
There's a lake.
You know, guys, kids were tubing, wave running, you know, shooting guns.
The Stanley Cup was up.
So you were able to occupy all those people,
and they just didn't have to focus in on you?
Because one thing I keep hearing about having the stanley cup is by the time the day's over people are like it was cool
but i was so happy to get rid of the thing well yeah i i think at the end of the day i was i was
happy you know camp came it was actually it was a really really good day it's just unbelievable
it's exhausting and like if i can do it all over again, Ari, I would. I would just put it on my kitchen table, and I would just say, guys, come in and hit the
Patty, we had a blast.
No, I'm just saying in general.
I'm just saying in general.
That's why you got to win another one.
There's a lot of people that are involved, and it's like playing in a fucking wedding,
to be honest with you.
It's like, where are you going to go next?
What's going to happen next?
It's like your wedding, but way cooler.
Yeah, way cooler, basically.
You're not with the thing the rest of your life.
Patty did it right.
I did it good.
Patty did it right.
Everybody else has it in sight.
Patty did it right.
Yeah, so I didn't, like, St. Louis saw it.
So I thought about, like, am I going to hurt the city's feelings
if I don't bring it to certain places?
I really thought about that because I was like, you know what?
During the parade, people were seeing it, touching it.
Like, the city was so good for, you know, obviously the NHL was so good bringing the Stanley Cup around the city.
So I was like, you know what?
My hometown was mad at me, but I'll suck it up this time around.
I'll take the heat.
But it was a good time, though.
We had a really good time.
That night was fun, you know know taking family pictures in the morning obviously we'd eaten cinnamon toast crunch out of it and with anthony
and he had his little cup he was just in tampa he won his little roller hockey thing so we had two
cups nice so it was it was obviously a really fun night so did the parade blow away all expectations
you had of the amount of people that showed up? Yeah. I mean, it was good.
I think what made the parade, and I'm not going to toot our team's horn at the time, but getting out of the floats and actually interacting with the fans,
drinking beers with them and going in the crowd, jumping over the barricades.
How about Sanford?
Oh, puking on the guy, puking on his...
How about Baryshev falling off of the flatbed?
You know who was driving that?
Who?
Steiner was driving the fire truck, and he slammed on the brakes, and that's how he fell off.
Dude, the boys were so fucking awesome in that, man.
Edmondson flying into the bear cage, like flying into it.
He had a little, I don't know, the little, what do you have?
Motorbike?
Motorbike.
Pennington did that too.
They crashed that.
O'Reilly had it.
I mean, I think that's what made it.
I think interacting and, you know, showing the fans a cup and, like, you know,
showing our appreciation to them for being behind us all year.
But that was.
How many nights did you go until you finally shut it down?
So we went
dude if you say
over 15
he's not a mathematician
I'll tell you that
did you see that
picture of me
go viral
yes
I ended up
seeing you
at Wet Republic
when you guys
did the thing
I gave up
that was
I mean
I was so happy
for you guys
you guys were still
half of you
you could tell
it had gotten
to them physically
well I booked a flight that night I think yeah you were out of Half of you, you could tell it had gotten to them physically.
Well, I booked a flight that night, I think.
Yeah, you were out of there.
It's over.
You're like, it's over.
I can't.
Give me a couple nights. I can't keep embarrassing myself because there's cameras everywhere.
Because you're a free agent.
Free agent.
It all goes back to free agency.
With my shirt off, it doesn't look as good.
No.
But hey.
Compared to Delzato.
Woo.
Yeah, but two different priests.
Can I ask you a question though, Patty?
Yeah.
So these guys were all, and there's a video that came out, Tyson Fury and his grippies.
Remember, did you see that?
Yeah, we were not.
Well, I went to their Wet Republic.
Was it Wet Republic?
Was that what that was?
Yeah, it was there.
He was two, he just won Fightin' Vegas.
No, not Tyson.
So his buddy, who looked gangster as all shit,
had tats everywhere, he goes on, David Perron,
was it David Perron, holding the cup right by the pool,
holding it up, and they're playing Glory the whole time,
so I guess Tyson Fury's buddies are probably like,
you know, they're probably getting all the attention
from everybody, of course, as they should.
So Tyson Fury's buddies were there,
and they see all this, they're playing the same fucking song over and over, so they're probably getting all the attention from everybody, of course, as they should. So Tyson Fury's buddies were there. And they see all this.
They're playing the same fucking song over and over.
So they're probably like, who the fuck are these guys?
So one of his hardcore looking motherfucker goes over there.
He ran over there.
Ran over there.
I saw it on video.
Runs over there.
And David Perron's like, yay, yay, look at me.
And he pushes Perry into a hot tub.
It's like a punch.
With his holding the cup and Perry falls into it like, bam,
calls on the cup.
No way.
Doesn't hit his fucking head.
Gets up and Joel Edmondson, everybody's looking at this guy.
The guy just laughs, walks back.
And I'm like, thank fucking God, you guys.
Thank God Twister wasn't there.
Oh, I don't think.
We were having too much fun.
You're like, hi, buddy.
Leave us alone.
I know.
It was the weirdest thing.
I was so fucking mad when I saw that.
You guys didn't do anything.
Thank God.
And then Tyson came back over and apologized, didn't he?
I don't know what happened.
He did.
I heard that.
He came over.
Patty was booking his flight.
Patty doesn't remember.
He actually flatlined.
I had to give mouth to mouth and resuscitate him.
Good thing it wasn't you holding the cup.
You would have hit your head off something and drowned in that three-footer fucking water.
No, but back to your...
I forgot what the original question was.
No, if I went, how long I go for.
So we partied that night.
We landed.
So the wives and girlfriends and dads had their own plane,
so they all flew back.
The team actually, it was really neat of them to do that.
We partied in the Enterprise Center until about 7 in the morning,
and me and O'Reilly were good friends.
And we had this bright idea to call OB and OB Clarks is,
I don't know if you guys are doing a podcast there.
No, but we keep hearing about this iconic place.
And I think the NHL Network's here tomorrow.
So we go there and Jim O'Brien's a great guy.
He knows all the old school guys like Twister, Kelly.
We go there, so it's me, O O'Reilly and then I text
a couple guys and I FaceTime
Steiner I'm like why are you in bed
and Steiner
he's like screw you I'm like
no seriously why are you in bed like come on
so he comes so we
get there about 8 o'clock
I still have a picture of Anthony's holding the
8am
in the morning
my son drops me off how embarrassing but i think
he understood on a scooter oh yeah i think he understood what was going on so like my girl
dropped me off o'reilly's girl and then his o'reilly's buddies with us and my son counts
my trophies in the back of my truck and anthony's with it outside ob clark's taking pictures with
it i'm like when's the last time you're ever going to hold this
unless you ever win it?
But this is the closest thing I'll ever get.
So we went all day and all night,
and I think I had to call someone to pull me out of there
because guys went until about 8 o'clock that night.
It's a long session, man.
Because the game ended at, say, 11.
You're already fucking dehydrated.
24 hours.
I got home around 6.
I went to sleep because we had another party that night on the whole team.
And I'm like, jeez, I don't think half the team.
There's no way.
Sure enough.
The only one that didn't show up, I think it was O'Reilly, but Steiner was there.
He says, Patty, you went home?
Like, you haven't been home?
He's like, no, I just met my wife.
I'm like, holy shit.
The wives were not happy. No, the wives were like, this is amazing. It my wife. I'm like, holy shit. The wives were not happy.
The wives were like, this is amazing.
It's amazing.
Three, four days.
They're like, what the hell is going on?
I hate all you.
Yeah.
So yeah, we all met the wives up there because that was her gig that night.
And we had a blast.
And then we kept it going.
And then the next night, we had the dinner for all the owners.
And I think you were there there i think it was like a
oh whatever they let him in the building yeah show off the cup and then we went out that night
with all the wives and players again and then the parade and then vegas for three days so
it was like it was a nightmare you never went in the stanley cup again
seriously but you know what hurt me i think think that picture at Obie Clark's.
That went viral of me just sitting there like this.
Yeah, fuck that.
The best picture was you and Ryan O'Reilly on the jet.
He's got the Selkie.
You got the cup.
He's drinking Guinness.
You're drinking that.
Conn Smythe, right?
I'm sorry.
Well, he's got both, but Conn Smythe.
Fair enough.
Sorry.
Correct me on that because I'm an idiot.
But the picture on the plane where you guys sitting there, that's got both, but Kahn's my favorite. Sorry. Correct me on that because I'm an idiot.
But the picture on the plane where you guys sit in there, that's fucking.
That was the fucking best.
That's iconic.
And Ryan O'Reilly is the fucking coolest cat.
He works as the coolest fucking cat in the world.
We were trying to get his dad on because his dad really helped him out with his off ice and the psychological aspect.
He actually does talks as well.
Yeah, he talked to me actually last year.
Okay, well.
Yeah, Brian's a great guy.
I was struggling last year a lot because I was playing here
and I wasn't producing and going through a tough time.
And O'Reilly, good friend, comes up to me.
He's like, why don't you just talk to my dad?
No one will know.
Go in.
You can come to my house.
It was actually on a game day.
They were playing.
I was a healthy scratch brian was in town i went over talked to him and he actually he helped me out so
much it's it's amazing what he can do and i then you understand the mental toughness that
ori has and how his career has just been you know the where it's at right now. I mean, you need to what he does off the ice, the way he worked,
his work ethic on the ice, off the ice, his pregame ritual with the balls
and his hand out.
A little different than camp, right?
He got it from me.
He got it from me.
I'm a tone setter.
He's mentally stronger than nine out of ten guys.
100.
Which think about how much ahead of the game that puts you.
Just by being raised a certain way and having someone like that to basically mentor your entire career.
Well, not only that, though, is his matchup are the Crosbys, are the Bergerons.
Are the McNeese.
Who are in order to play at their level.
And I don't know where he is as far as on the skill totem pole
compared to those guys,
but he has to constantly work at that craft
in order to compete with those top-end guys
because you know they're doing it.
And you know Crosby's doing two-a-days in the summer
in order to prepare.
He's not drinking much.
He ain't drinking much.
So it's amazing to see what these guys have to do
in order to compete at that level.
No, it's crazy.
And like you said, he's not the flashiest player either.
He's not like Crosby.
He's not like McDavid shutting those guys down.
I mean, he's shutting those guys down every single night.
But the good thing about why he's so good is his face-off.
He has the puck.
You know what it's like.
If you win face-offs, you have the puck.
And I think that's why he's so good mentally.
He takes every D-zone.
If you watch him, he takes every D-zone draw.
Yeah.
The repairman.
Imagine starting in the D-zone that many times.
Where's you out taking face-offs?
There's so many advanced stats that talk about guys who have the hardest shift starts
or where they start their shift.
It makes you think because as a defenseman,
every time I went on the ice for an offensive zone faceoff,
I was like, yes, I might get a one-timer here.
But defensive zone, you're like, dude, we don't win this.
I get the puck here, I turn it over, we're fucked.
Or you eat one in the fucking face.
It mentally can mess with you over the course of a season,
like always starting with a little extra pressure on you
during the faceoff for him.
100.
There's an app.
You guys have the Score app?
Yeah, great app for gambling.
Every game in the world.
So I was showing people this year on Tampa.
I was like, listen, you can go to the Score app and go all the way to the right,
and you can see when you started in the offensive zone and the D zone.
So guys are like, no way.
So now they're on it.
You know, people after games now, they see it like,
their minutes are all like, oh, I start in the D zone 80 of the time.
Yeah, you're like, that's why I was terrible.
That's why I was terrible.
I had a chance in four checking me.
You can see a stat now where it's like,
if you have zeros across the board,
that means obviously you're on the fourth line.
You ain't playing D zone.
Easy.
Easy on that.
I'm one of those guys.
I'm just saying, though, like 20, you know, it could go both ways.
You'd be like, oh, I'm 20.
Oh, okay.
Well, that means I was in the D-Zone the whole time.
You know what I mean?
I mean, you can find some game tape, but if I knew,
it eliminated even my guessing.
If it was a face-off in the D-Zone, tip was not putting down.
It's never even started in the D zone.
Unless there was an icing call.
I was like, who's up?
Siding the coast.
And what they would do is they'd put two centermen out there,
and then when we'd win the face-off,
on the way out of the zone, then I'd be like,
this is the best.
Biz, isn't it the worst when you're out there,
and you go out there for your shift,
and all of a sudden you stand there,
and they're about to, they're like, no, no, Cam,
you only come back, and I got to skate all the way and they're about to, they're like, no, no, Cam, you only come back.
And I got to skate all the way to the park.
Oh, that was the worst.
Like Corey Perry.
I've been out here for five seconds, and now
you're calling me off in front of everybody.
We could have done this 20 seconds ago.
No, and you're like this, and the guy has to
tap you.
You're like, what?
Then you skate off.
Don't even tap me.
Don't touch me. I'm not going anywhere me don't touch me i'm not going anywhere you look at them i'm staying i'm not going to you i'll get a six man
i'll serve the penalty and then come out and get scored on that is the worst yeah what do you got
all right you got any more um actually i was gonna see your first year uh in the league you played on
the loo and um who and larry robinson was that like fucking night and day or what with the devils Actually, I was going to say, your first year in the league, you played on the Lou and Larry Robinson.
Was that like fucking night and day or what?
With the Devils there?
Yeah.
Oh, Larry's a fucking unbelievable guy.
We had called Julian.
It was so weird.
My first year, I was trying to hang out with all the older guys,
like you always do.
I always tell these young guys, don't hang out with the young kids.
They don't know shit.
Why the fuck are you hanging out with the young kids? They don't know where to go. They don't even know a fucking car here. Hang out with the young kids. They don't know shit. Why the fuck are you hanging out with the young kids?
They don't know where to go.
They don't even know a fucking car here.
Hang out with the older guys.
We've got to learn what to do from those guys.
I don't know shit.
No, hang out with the older guys.
So I always wanted to do that.
So Cole Julian was the coach, and I didn't understand why they fired him.
Remember that?
They fired him.
We were fucking dominant.
First place, I think.
Fucking dominant.
And they fired him. I remember John Madden was shooting pucks fired him. We were fucking dominant. First place, I think. Fucking dominant, and they fired him. I remember
John Madden was shooting pucks at him.
I just didn't understand because I thought he was
a good guy. Anyway, they fired him.
Larry and Lou, was it Larry
that took over or was it Lou that took over at the time?
Either way, Larry was a part
of it, and he is the nicest
guy in the world.
He could sit and talk to you. He'll talk
to you like a man like he'll talk
about anything he's not he's not that i know what to do and no no he is down the earth
fucking unbelievable human being and i understand why they won that cup whenever he was a coach a
couple years before that because everybody bought in on that but larry is the coolest guy that guy's
been through some hard like imagine fucking being him back in the day. Witt, you're
fucking throwing the puck in the neutral zone
and Crosby's going... Larry is
getting slashed in the fucking head
by a tree trunk.
He was one of the best to ever do it.
He's Big Bird out there.
So the Blues bring in...
They bring him in
just to talk to the guys
because of how cool he is
and how down to earth he is and so much knowledge.
But playing with the Devils like that, man, that team was unbelievable.
And for him to take over, it's like, fuck, you could talk to your coach.
You actually talk to your coach and he's going to talk to you back
like you're a human being.
Like it was a normal.
Like you're a human being.
Was that stuff really true about Claude Jr. getting pucks really short at him?
Because I know they tried to shoot that story down a couple of years ago.
I mean, they didn't like him.
I don't know.
They didn't like him.
I didn't understand it.
I was too young to understand.
I'm trying to fucking ask you guys.
You don't know when you get in somewhere.
You're like, wait, I don't know what's going on.
He fired him?
Like, we're fucking unbelievable.
What happened here?
And then I think Lou took over.
And then once Lou took over, maybe that was the next year.
I'm sure I'm getting kind of discombobulatedulated sorry you know how to do it you know what i'm talking about with that
no i was gonna i was gonna come first of all everyone's criticizing you i was gonna commend
you on the length of that word did you like that well sometimes the brain clicks out
and and it's tough to get those words brain clicks out a little bit here and there uh
but yeah no that that thing was great and and uh it was weird when when lou did take over though
like lou lamarillo behind the bench was it was pretty hard that guy's the most hardcore guy in
the world and we've talked about him before and and uh last time i told a story about that with
the with the phone and all he got he wasn't happy about that because i you found out yeah he i had to call him
oh that's probably why we can't like talk to any you had to wait what so basically he's like mafia
where he got he got word to call lula amarillo no he must love the story for people who don't
remember listening you got to listen to the first time we interviewed cam you called somebody who
you thought was a buddy and in turn in was actually Lou Lamorello I'm sorry
they changed my phone because I was a young kid
and it was Ryan Murphy
and then a couple days later
the night before a game I called Lou
and I thought it was Ryan and I go where the fuck are we going tonight
I'm a 20 year old kid anyway
it was a great story go listen to it everyone
but Lou wasn't happy about it because
when I was imitating him
which you know that guy is like the best of the best.
My family loves him.
Like, they love him.
Like, he was my second father figure.
Like, my dad can only take me so far.
That fucking guy made me a man, and I pissed him off.
He called me after that all went down, and it all came out.
And I remember getting up, and I wake up, and I get a text,
Lou wants to talk to you. And I wake up like, I remember getting, I wake up and I get a text Lou wants to talk to you
and I wake up like
I'm like
Lou wants to talk
oh
what do I do
what do I do
and I just pace, pace, pace
suck it up Cam, suck it up, you gotta call him
so I fucking call him
so I call him and he was mad about me using the F-bomb on when he was talking to me through the phone call when I thought it was Ryan Murphy.
Maybe he didn't throw an F-bomb out.
That's fine.
But he was not happy about it.
All I'm going to say about that is I got all the respect in the world for what he's done.
You told a story of something you did that was very funny in which he did absolutely nothing wrong.
Nothing wrong.
And if you added an F- word and he actually didn't swear,
he's been a part of pro hockey for 40 years.
If that story rattled him, that's kind of ridiculous.
But that's how professional he is.
But he did it the right way with me.
It wasn't like you  no, he did it the right way.
He's more disappointed in you.
No, he's disappointed.
But he shouldn't have been.
He shouldn't have been.
Yeah, I'm 20 years old.
I don't need to go out the night before a game.
Lou Livermore has everything.
He's got Stanley Cup.
What does he care?
If I had what he'd done, I wouldn't give a shit.
Can I ask a question, Cam?
What?
Was Gomez's, how he impersonated him, was he bang on?
Oh my God.
Gomer was the best.
So he must have been furious at that too, you think? I fucking latched on to Gomer right the best So he must have been
Furious at that too
You think
I fucking latched on to Gomer
Right when I got in the locker room
I go
Yep
I'm hanging with you homeboy
You're fucking
Whether you like it or not
I'm fucking hanging with you
You got a place in
Fucking New York City
And you got a place here
Now
And you're
No
I'm hanging with you
What an answers question
Would you ask
Appropriately enough
Gomer Cause I said Lou was obviously not happy With the way that you Impersonated him Would you ask appropriately enough for Gomez?
Lou was obviously not happy with the way
that you impersonated him.
No, he was not. And over the fact
that you made up the fact that he said the
F word. Now, did you
listen to the Gomez interview? Yes, I did.
Was his impersonation
of Lou bang on? Oh, he
did that right off the bat.
Impersonating Lou right off the bat.
And I'm like, oh, really?
And then Lou would come along.
I'm like, oh.
Oh, yeah, you got that.
Didn't he have a legendary way of showing up
when you were talking about him?
Everybody would do this.
Oh, okay, the L-bomb.
And this is not a good radio thing,
but I'm putting a little...
He's putting a little, yeah.
I was like, Lou's coming in.
But I thought it would be he'd just show up.
You're like, oh, my God, where did he come from?
He would...
Oh, dude.
Like the butler in Mr. Deeds?
Exactly what it is.
Exactly.
Or you have a chew in your mouth.
I'd have a chew in my mouth.
I'm a young kid.
Chew in my mouth.
I'm doing my stick.
Like, yeah, look, I'm responsible.
Lou would walk in.
I'm like.
He'd swallow it.
Like.
Like.
I need a Prilosec ASAP.
I need a prilosec ASAP when he walked in the room
I would be like this
my dad never did
my dad would control me a little bit
he's the coolest guy in the world
very very lenient with everything
you know that Patty
but when Lou walked in that room
I would be like
that's my first boss ever
he owned me I called he owned me my fucking name
i'd bleed for him anything he wanted i play thinking he's watching me not yeah you play
for your team but i'm playing for fucking lou i'm playing for lou like it's like you had an earpiece
and lou was talking to you like is he watching me and in practice there was a they'd all watch us
from up top and it's all like uh it was a big glass window up there.
It was all tinted, and I'd see that figure up there, and I'm like, there he is.
There he is.
Okay, get your shit.
My jersey untucked?
My beard okay?
You can't use clear tape?
It had to be the right color tape on the right everything.
Your shit everywhere.
In juniors
you got swagger i fucking pull my thing up i got my shit tucked in i'm doing whatever no no no no
no military style with the new jersey devils and you just have to always look down at yourself
and be like am i do i look okay but it kept me on your toes and i needed that fuck i needed that so
bad and it saved me and again he was a father figure to me man you
absolutely was but god damn did he age me what's the name of your podcast uh cam and strick podcast
cam and strick everyone check that out you get tell it you're the way you tell stories it's uh
it's very easy listening so you gotta check that out those prescriptions of the drug you named when
you when lou used to walk in the room to listen. He's just popping his hole off
or whatever it's called right now.
He's just in a Pez dispenser.
He aged me, man, but in a good way.
You learn from a guy like that, man.
I'm glad that they drafted me.
That's why your hair looks like R.A.'s.
I got sponsored for that, by the way.
We didn't get an answer from Gomez.
Did his imitation sound...
Did the way Gomez described and sound like an answer from Gomez. Did he actually  Did his imitation sound  did the way Gomer described and sound like
Hey, Gomer.
You know how he does that?
That's 100.
Okay, so you got it right.
So there it is.
There's the answer.
Third time was the charm.
Hey, Gomer.
Was Gomez as nervous as you were when Lou was around, or is he kind of like, ah, nah?
Gomer won a Stanley Cup his first year.
Then he gets rookie of the fucking year.
Then he won another Stanley Cup.
I remember going in my first training camp in 2002 and and gomer we're all pat burns a coach and and gomer's phone goes off his phone goes oh
wow and pat grabs it and i think gomer just walks up and throws it right in the trash can that's
like kim jong-un shit if you're on the devils your fucking phone rings he gets up walks to the
trash can throws right away he goes my bad sits my bad, sits back down one of those things
Gomer, he was in a category
to do what he wants, but in that organization
you don't get there
Marty didn't do it, no one does
Scotty Stevens, he was walking around
no, no, no, Scotty did his fucking business
Gomer was the
wild child, and he won all this shit
but if push comes to shove
and Pat or fucking lou comes down
gomer's straightening up putting his tie up and throwing his phone in the fucking trash can kind
of thing and then gomer might chirp you chirp him afterwards but and then at that moment everybody's
listening because that's how powerful they respect the respect exactly exactly well guys thank you
so much i mean that was a blast. We got Jansen's stories.
Check out the Jansen Strickland podcast.
And Patty Maroon, dude, looking for two in a row.
It's great to see the success.
You guys have kind of figured it out in Tampa, it seems.
So thank you guys very much for coming on.
A couple of boys that grew up together and have had a lot of success.
I'll see you in the Stanley Cup Finals.
I'll see you guys in the Stanley Cup Finals.
Oh, the O's.
Busy to be working for somebody there.
You throwing coin down on that?
Did you watch the game when we played them?
Ooh.
That's a wrap.
I want to send a big thanks to the St. Louis boys
to come on and tell a few stories.
Jansen, man, he's a piece of work.
I enjoyed hanging out with him in St. Louis for a few days.
Had a lot of fun, and of course, bringing the big rig back.
He's always entertaining as well, so thanks to those guys once again.
A couple quick hockey notes for you as well.
Blue Jackets right wing Josh Anderson underwent successful surgery
to repair a posterior labral tear of his left shoulder.
He's expected to make a full recovery in four to six months.
Just another, well, we talked about it before,
he had another injury for Columbus.
Oh, that team's just battled it four out of five guys,
top guys missing.
And Anderson,
he's a,
he's RFA.
And then the next year is UFA.
So it'd be interesting to see what happens with him.
Cause when he's on top of his game,
because we stroked them off all last year and you could see,
he was turned into a real big time power forward.
Hopefully he'll say good to me.
He can turn into like a Tom Wilson type.
Even better.
I think more skilled.
I would say he has more upside offensively.
Yes, I would agree.
I don't know if I've told you guys.
Probably 20 times now I played against him in the American League,
and I knew this kid was going to be a weapon.
So just one of today's great power forwards.
I hope he gets healthy.
What a resilient group in Columbus.
That bunch, I bet you those fans are so proud of them
every night cheering for them.
They are just hockey the hard way, man.
It is unreal.
I mean, they're in the second wildcard right now.
Still grinding, man.
Very impressive.
Would you guys say that Tortorella, if they make playoffs,
is not coach of the year?
If they make playoffs, he should be up there for it.
There's a lot of guys you could talk about for the Jack Adams.
Yeah.
I mean, and listen, I wouldn't say I'm a torts hater.
There's sometimes some things he does where I'm like, hey, man,
like, come on, like simmer the fuck down.
But I would have to say he is my front runner right now if they make it.
Yeah.
I think Sullivan's name get mentioned because of all the injuries.
Yeah, that's another good answer too. Damn damn penguins fans be hating on me now.
But yeah, but towards that's probably the easy pick.
Just given the decimation that roster has gone through.
It's it's been impressive as hell.
But yeah, a couple of quick notes from our buddy, Elliot Friedman,
the Swiss league,
they had to suspend all their playoffs until March 15th due to the
coronavirus. And the IIHF has canceled six world championship tournaments that they the Swiss league, they had to suspend all their playoffs until March 15th due to the Corona virus.
And the IIHF has canceled six world championship tournaments that they had
planned in March because of this virus.
Fortunately,
the woman's world up in Hollywood biz,
that's still on.
That's fine for now,
but you know,
it's tough to see a lot of these kids getting robbed of an opportunity.
It stinks to see because nobody likes to get robbed,
but you won't get robbed. If you in Simply Safe biz. With home security, there's two ways
you can go about protecting your home. There's the traditional way where you wait weeks for a
technician to do a messy installation that costs a small fortune. Or there's the other way,
Simply Safe. Simply Safe is everything you need done in a home security system.
It's award-winning protection. Two-time winner of CNET Editor's Choice Award. And Simply Safe blankets your home, your whole home in safety.
You get comprehensive protection for your entire home. Outdoor cameras and doorbells let you know
when anyone is approaching your home. Entry, motion, and glass break sensors will let you
know when something's up. You barely notice it's even there. But what's truly remarkable is you can get the system set up all by yourself. Anyone can do it. Takes 30 minutes to an hour
tops and there's absolutely no trade-offs to your safety. You'll have an army of highly trained
security experts ready to dispatch police to your home at a moment's notice 24-7. And it's only 50
cents a day with no contracts. It's why The Verge calls SimpliSafe, quote,
the best home security system.
So go to simplisafe.com slash chicklets today,
and you'll get a free shipping and 60-day risk-free trial.
You've got nothing to lose.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E dot com slash chicklets.
One more time for the people in the back.
Simplisafe.com slash chicklets. One more time for the people on the back. SimpliSafe.com slash chicklets.
Going back to Columbus, I think that we're going to get smoked
if we don't mention the fact that Zach Orenski hit the 20-goal mark.
He's only played in 60 games this year.
Well, I was going to mention it, but he let us sleep twice now
as I brought up Zach, you amazing young defenseman.
I don't care how good you are.
I wasn't going to mention your 20 goals and leading the NHL goal-scoring race
by four over Roman Yossi.
I wasn't going to mention it because I've had enough of you
and the sleep-ins and the ditches and the no-callbacks
and then the lighten it up on the ice.
So fuck you and your 20-biz.
We don't need to bring it up.
Cut this, Mikey.
Hey, do we have to get a restraining order?
Yeah, man.
I'm just jealous.
Just jealous.
I can't talk to him.
Yeah, I got to get serious just for a quick minute here.
Three years ago, we were trying to grow this podcast a little bit.
Me and G flew down to Nashville on our own dime, mind you,
during the Stanley Cup.
We both fell in love with the place like everybody who goes to Nashville does.
So I'm sure everybody's been up to speed on what's happened down there,
the tornado and basically all over Tennessee, particularly Nashville.
And, you know, everybody here at Chicklets, I know it sounds whatever,
corny, whatever.
We just want to send all our love and thoughts with everybody down there.
It's an awesome place filled with awesome people.
And, you know, when you've been to those places and you see the destruction,
it breaks your heart.
And, you know, last I checked been to that place, those places and you see the destruction, it breaks your heart. And,
you know, I lost,
I checked a couple dozen people lost their lives.
So,
uh,
you know,
Nashville,
it's a beloved American city and there's plenty of ways to help online.
If you're so inclined,
we're not going to endorse anything here.
Very easy to find.
If you want to donate,
gee,
what do you got for us?
Well,
actually,
uh,
we're actually selling some shirts on barstool sports.com where all proceeds
go to,
uh,
help out Nashville.
So check out oh sorry i
didn't interrupt you there mikey that's great check those out shout out to the predators as
well because they opened up now bridgestone and i think they had meals and and maybe beds and stuff
for people who lost their homes so just horrific the images are the thought of a tornado coming
through in the middle of the night is the fucking scariest thing you could ever imagine.
I mean, I wake up from, like, the wind, and it scares me sometimes,
like when the shutters are going back and forth.
So the thought of them having to deal with that
and the people who lost to that is just a horrible story.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly what I wrote.
Nothing scary.
I mean, a tornado at fucking midnight.
But anyways, you know, I'll parcel with everybody down there,
and if you want to donate, if you can, please do.
Can alarms, do alarms catch those?
Like, are there like, are there like sirens that you'd hear?
Yeah, a lot of cities do have tornado alarms.
But they could probably hit in an instant, I'm guessing.
Like, I'm assuming there's got to be time.
They kind of traveled 50 miles, right?
Right through like the heart?
Yeah.
A lot of people actually were alerted by their pets,
particularly their dogs, because dogs are the best.
Miles away, they get a sense of what's going on.
A lot of dogs are the best.
I got to get a dog that's coming.
And then you hear that, that they fucking give you tornado warnings.
So then, boom, score another one for the dogs.
What kind of dog, Wade?
What kind of dog are you looking at?
I don't know.
It's up to the wifey.
I mean, we'll get a dog at some point, though.
I'll tell you that for free.
And that isn't really my decision.
I could go with never having a dog, but it's like when I signed up and said,
hey, I'm playing golf all the time.
If you can't handle that, this isn't going to work.
She said, well, we're getting a dog at some point.
Yeah. So that's what's going to happen in the Whitney household. You should get a little poodle, this isn't going to work. She said, well, we're getting a dog at some point. Yeah.
So that's what's going to happen in the Whitney household.
You should get a little poodle, a little lap dog.
No, we could get her.
Oh, Flyers make it 2-1.
Bye, Kevin Hayes.
Just lighten it up.
What a beast.
Fucking having a monster season.
Everyone thought that he was maybe making a little bit too much money.
Maybe he's underpaid, actually, Flyers fans.
What a season.
Best penalty killer you got.
One of the best goal scorers in the entire league,
if you ask me and Dave.
So, I was also saying,
what's the dog that,
oh my God, oh, Chocolate Habanese,
this little dog, so cute,
snuggles up. I like big dogs.
I like little dogs, but in the end, it won't be
my decision. I think husbands out there know what I'm
talking about.
Yeah, you got to pick your battles, brother.
Exactly.
That's all.
So, you know, we get back from the pond hockey.
I, you know, turn the radio on Monday.
I figure I'll hear about a little, you know, nice little weekend up there.
Put the four o'clock marquee show on.
Riggs is on.
I figure his old teammates, you know, had a nice little victory out there.
Didn't hear a peep. One hour, whole show. Riggs, not part of the squad anymore teammates, you know, had a nice little victory out there. Didn't hear a peep.
One hour, whole show.
Riggs, not part of the squad anymore.
Didn't even want to give a little shine.
Unless he was under orders that, I don't know,
it was all over the internet, so I can't imagine he was.
Or he just genuinely didn't think of it, and it passed over his mind.
Yeah.
I mean, it was kind of all over the place.
I don't know.
Well, I mean, I thought that Dreisaitl had his own cologne cologne i mean sometimes people make mistakes i'm telling you you're right you're right
hey did you see did you see that picture uh robin lana sent out uh when i slap shot it hit him in
the chest and it branded like his he's got a cross on his chain yeah like branded into his
fucking thing uh so uh someone's someone named it, made a fucking branding joke on there, Biz.
I think I sent it to you.
Like, that would be the ideal fucking branding for you right there, huh, Biz?
Yeah, I'm still trying to figure out why is his nickname Panda?
How did that come about?
I'm not sure.
I Googled it, too.
Damn, I stumped all three of you.
Okay, a bunch of people will be tweeting at us tomorrow,
but he got the little decal on his pad and stuff.
So he's fitting right in and had his first shutout with their team
when they played the Devils.
I think they blanked them 3-0.
And their social media team is doing a great job of playing
into the whole Panda thing.
And as always, Vegas doing it well on the social media.
Well, I was more shocked that he wears that thing during the games.
Is that a chain?
Yeah, I mean, that was a legit
heavy-ass looking cross.
Tampa Bay.
I just spent some time down at the
Gaspar. I shot 80-79.
Yeah, I saw your town. I love it.
And I love the fans and I love the team, but
you guys got embarrassed
by the Bruins fans in your building
on Tuesday night. I mean, dude, it was like
a home game. I couldn't believe
when DeBrus scored the second
goal. It was actually like the garden
was exploding. I mean,
Tampa fans, say you end up getting Toronto
in the first round, which you're probably going to end up
getting. What are you
going to let the Leafs come in and overrun your
building? That was a very
interesting thing you you Lightning fan don't don't take for granted how good your team is
you can't let the division rivals come in and take all your tickets and root on the away team
all game long that's not fair to the players there come on and when I think that's the perfect
matchup for the Leafs first round I mean I mean, they play the exact style game.
It's whosoever's offense is clicking the best.
Possibly no Stamkos.
And listen, Vasilevsky, he had a tough playoff last year.
You know, there's a lot to prove in a lot of areas for Tampa Bay,
and they just went on that big hot streak.
Well, I mean, now things are fizzling off a little bit.
A little fizz nasty.
Okay, well, another thing I had written down.
The Dallas Stars are giving away Tyler Sagan, like, sleeves,
like, so that you can put the thing on your arm
and then have the same tattoos as him.
I love it.
Guys, it ain't going to work at the bar like it works for him.
You still got a nasty mustache. You still got a nasty mustache.
You still got a little acne.
You still got something that just because you have Sagan's tattoos on your forearm,
it ain't going to work out the way you think it is.
I got 10 on the way.
For your other arm?
Yeah, for my blank arm.
Don't be negative.
I'll let you know how they work.
I'll have the biz nasty sleeves up in the
store by tomorrow, boys.
Pumpkin included.
That's what the
wives buy their
husbands and force them to wear to the bar
when they're on their
boys trips.
When I dressed up as Bugsy for Halloween,
I couldn't get the fake tattoos
I put on my chest off. It was was ridiculous it was like a sailor's uh sailor's anchor you went as
bugsy for halloween yeah i just i had a huge i had like a blonde curly haired wig on i had my shirt
buttoned open with cat fake tats on my chest and then i had i did not let go of a bottle
about this on this podcast yeah but i had the bottle of Jaeger all night. Have we talked about this on this podcast before? Yeah, but I had the bottle of Jaeger all night.
I was like, and he's like, fuck you.
I don't remember hearing this.
3-1 Flyers.
The Whitawg has the Flyers tonight, plus 135.
And let me tell you something.
The Philadelphia Flyers are doing the same thing the Oilers are,
and they're, like, building up some momentum, dude.
And there's also a good chance they could play Pittsburgh in the first round.
Oh, oh.
Yep. Oh, my God.
I believe if the playoffs would have started
today, so earlier
today, which is what? What day are we on here?
Wednesday? March 4th.
We would get Calgary versus Edmonton
in the first round, and then we would
get that playoff series.
And Toronto-Tampa. And Philly-Pittsburgh.
No lie, I would pay 3,000 cash right now
in order to watch the Battle of Alberta seven games.
Yeah, I mean, that would just be...
You might as well just watch the movie 300.
There's going to be bodies flying everywhere.
It's going to be a shit show.
Hey, Biz, speaking of dough, everybody knows that growing a business is hard,
especially when your cash flow doesn't match the speed of your growth.
Blue Vine can provide you with access to the fast funding your business needs
with funding solutions tailored to you.
Blue Vine is an easy, fast way to help support your business growth
with a line of credit of up to 250,000.
Whether you need money to offset upfront costs, secure inventory, or pay an unexpected expense,
through Blue Vine, you can help yourself and your business stay secure for any reason.
There's no fee to set up your line of credit, and Blue Vine never charges maintenance or prepayment fees.
Applying is easy.
Just go online to getbluevine.com slash chicklets, fill out a few simple details,
and you're done with your application within minutes. Seeing an offer will not affect your
credit score. Once approved, funds can be received in as fast as 24 hours. Have peace of mind,
knowing that funds can be drawn with the click of a button for any business expense. Blue Vine
has helped more than 20,000 customers and has delivered over two and a half million dollars in funds to businesses.
So right now, our listeners can check out Blue Vine.
They're offering a special limited time promotion of a hundred dollar gift card when you take out a loan or open a line of credit with Blue Vine.
So go to getbluevine.com slash chicklets for more details.
All you have to do is get to getbluevine.com
slash chicklets and apply.
It's quick, easy, and meaningful help to your business
in as little as 24 hours.
This promotional offer is subject to terms and conditions
that can be found at getbluevine.com slash chicklets.
All right, boys.
So I had one more thing,
and it'll lead into something a little bit longer,
but I think it needs to be said.
That's how I'm going to leave you guys with this.
So last night, the Pittsburgh Penguins in 90s night,
it was celebrate the 90s night, however you want to call it.
Really good idea.
I really like the idea.
The pictures around the rink look great.
Guys playing old Pac-Man video games,
just the Pittsburgh Penguins first-class organization.
Crosby goes out.
He gets three points.
Malkin gets four assists.
Russ gets three goals.
A little hat trick, they call it in the biz.
And he's now the leading goal scorer for the Penguins.
It was just an unreal shit-kicking.
Now, granted, they're playing the lowly Ottawa Senators,
but Crosby had come out after the 5-0 loss to San Jose
and said, I need to be better, and he put a lot of it on himself, which you got to respect as a
leader, and he goes out and just bounces back, and like I said, Malkin, now Malkin, let me remind
everyone, the last time he had a bunch of assists and no goals, or maybe it wasn't the last time,
but when I was with him and he had five assists, no goals, he smashed a stick into a thousand pieces
in the shower because he didn't score. Five assists wasn't good enough for the machine Gino Malkin.
He is a legend.
So the reason that I bring that up first is because I want to bring up 27 years ago, 1993, March 2nd,
Mario Lemieux came back and played in a game the day that his final treatment happened,
his final radiation treatment for cancer that he was fighting.
Came back and played.
And the reason I want to bring that up is I just want to go over his season for you
because you talk about the great one and Gretzky and the scoring record,
215 points in one year, and Ovechkin gunning down his goal record,
and just Gretzky being the great one.
But people often forget about Lemieux, Mario Lemieux.
That season in 92-93, he had 36 points in his first 11 games, Biz.
How's that?
You think hockey's fun when you have 36 points in your first 11 games?
Yeah.
You think going to the rink, you enjoy it?
Okay.
Yeah, I think you would.
I think you would because you wouldn't have to be fighting
because you'd just be lighting up the score sheet.
All right.
He was on pace during that season for 218 points.
Gretzky's record of two 15 was in jeopardy.
Lemieux was as dominant as ever coming off two straight Stanley cups,
mind you.
And he's 27 years old and boom,
he gets cancer and he goes out and he has to get 22 radiation treatments
and he misses four win and four weeks into it,
the rumors start flying that he's skating.
He's skating again and he wants to return right away.
No,
this can't happen.
Mario Lemieux can't come back from cancer right away.
He's already skating during radiation.
How is this human?
Well,
what does he do?
Like I mentioned at the beginning,
he finished it and he walked out of the hospital in Pittsburgh
and he said, I need to get to Philadelphia. And he got a private jet and the cameras were following
him like the superstar God, he is out of the hospital and he gets in an old rigidity cab and
he drives and he goes to the private air airport and he takes a jet into Philly. And then he's
walking into the stadium and the cameras on him and he looks like a God, the magnificent one, Mario Lemieux walking in.
And what does he do that night?
He gets one in one getting radiation treatments that morning.
Mario Lemieux gets a goal and an assist.
He put a turtleneck on when he came back and he fucking pulled off that
turtleneck.
Look more than you'd ever believe,
man.
I'm telling you,
Thomas mechanic,
you can't try to do what Mario Lemieux did with the turtleneck after the
cancer treatments. And you know what he did? I'll giveieux did with the turtleneck after the cancer treatments.
And you know what he did?
I'll give Philly scumbags credits.
They gave him a standing O that first game back.
They gave him a standing ovation because they may be scumbag dirt balls,
but they still respected one of the greatest players of all time,
the magnificent one coming back.
And Biz, you know what he did the rest of that regular season?
The fact that people don't know this, I'm so happy to be telling you this because there are people listening that don't know what he did the rest of that regular season? The fact that people don't know this, I'm so happy to be telling you this
because there are people listening that don't know what he did
the rest of that season.
He had 54 goddamn points in 18 games.
54 points in 18 games, coming back from cancer treatment.
He missed 20 games that season and won the scoring title by 12.
So that's Mario Lemieux
27 years ago to the day
on March 2nd, just a couple days ago.
And I think that the season
ended in horrific fashion and them losing in
Game 7 to the Islanders. We've discussed that with
Glenn Healy and the miracle
that the Islanders beat them, but god damn it,
was that a season that I'll think
is one of the greatest of all time because
he didn't break the 215, but holy shit.
To do that and in the middle of it, deal with cancer at 27 years old.
God bless Mario Lemieux.
Wow.
I mean, God bless him and Witt.
Fuck, man.
You have a way with words sometimes.
Was that not just an incredible?
I was reminded by the show.
It was an unreal show on the NHL network about the 92-93 NHL season, which was one
of the best of all time. It was Lindros' rookie
year, Solani's rookie year, Mario
dealt with that, Gretzky's out in LA,
the Canadians win the cup, and this show
went over Mario's comeback.
I was watching. I was like, I need to talk about this.
People don't realize that season.
54 points in 18 games.
Get out of here, Mario.
You're too good.
You play golf barefoot.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
That was well said, buddy.
Thank you.
That was very entertaining to hear all that.
I didn't know that about Mario Lemieux either.
It's crazy.
Well, gang, I think that just about wraps up this episode.
I hope everybody out there has a fantastic weekend, and we'll be checking back with you Monday a.m.
One last thing, though.
Not just yet.
One quick
last tug-off for my others fans
out there. And this is before
tonight's game. I don't even
know if Mike Smith's playing. I would imagine he is
considering these numbers.
Dropping in a reminder that Mike
Smith is 12,
one and four in 2020.
So he is rolling.
I mentioned the reason that Tippett ended up grabbing him is because he can
instill confidence in that guy.
I watched it live in Phoenix and one last for my MVP vote right now,
Leon dry saddle,
suddenly within striking distance of the goal scoring lead to last player to
win the Triple Crown,
leading league in goals, assists, points in the same season,
Le Magnifique, Mario Lemieux.
And it all comes together.
1995 and 1996.
So we'll end on that note.
Peace.
As always, we want to give a hearty thank you to our awesome sponsors,
and hopefully you folks have taken full advantage of what they're offering because it's awesome.
First off,
shout out to native big thanks to them.
They just joined up with us.
So I hope we'll check out their deodorant and toothpaste.
Thanks to Bud Light Seltzer.
Enjoyed a few of those while I was up on Canada.
Thank you to simply safe.
They'll keep you safe and make sure nobody breaks in your house.
And big thanks to Blue Vine. If you need a little dough for your business, they'll take care of you. Have a great
weekend, everybody. Jackson, ever since the fire went out, I'm going to Jackson.
I'm going to mess around.
Yeah, I'm going to Jackson.
Look out, Jackson town.
Well, go on down to Jackson.
Go ahead and wreck your hell.
Go play your hand, you big talker
Man, make a big fool of yourself
Yeah, go to Jackson
Go comb your hair
