Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 253 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up gang? We're on day number what, four or five without hockey anywhere on the planet.
We're all fiending here a little bit, but we're going to get through it. We got Spittin' Chicklets, we ain't going anywhere.
We're going to be here every Monday and Thursday, still grinding it out. Let's say
hi to the gang first. Check in on everybody. Mikey Grinelli, that's not the same familiar
background where you used to with you. Where are you at? Just trying to do my job in social
distancing. I'm down the Jersey shore, right on the beach, beachfront property. Shout out to my
girlfriend's family for hosting me. But yeah, boys, I'm ready to put out some content.
The people need it.
Absolutely.
Next up, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, brother?
Not much.
So I'm so bored.
So bored.
But I have to go back and, R.A., people talk about quarantine in themselves.
I S I seriously think there's a chance that your coach,
we began this,
this wild ride on might've been the beginning of the Corona.
Like we've been quarantining for five years doing this or what is it?
Four years?
Uh,
boy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is,
this is,
this is regular old,
old stuff for us.
I mean,
we bunker down in the basement and we record podcasts.
So crazy times indeed, though.
Nothing like this has ever
I wanted to ask, when did we finish on Wednesday night?
Had they canceled the NBA when we were still doing the pod?
I'll say this.
It feels like that was a month ago.
Yeah.
Wednesday was a month ago.
What have we already covered?
I'll tell you what we haven't covered.
We didn't get that lemieux hit in so so in in spit and chickles fashion we get to debate over a dirtier clean hit so and we got to get people's blood boiling two months to do it i mean
who knows how long we this could be the never-ending argument of a hit to the head i thought i had a
very good tweet in which i said uh, even in trying times of a pandemic,
a Lemieux is still being suspended.
It's just amazing timing to announce it in the middle of the outbreak.
Well, you did have another tweet, and I'm a bit resentful.
And you said, we're going to be doing book reports, biz excluded.
Now, listen, I might have a difficulty reading aloud, but I retain information very well.
My comprehension skills are top notch and I will actually take you up on that book report
competition if you want to.
I suggest we stick to a lower reading class like Goosebumps books, maybe even choose your
own ending.
I thought it was more like my mom's, Susie, she's in a book group and there's many people
that they make it every fourth week. It just takes them a little longer to read the book. So they'll start early,
you know what I mean? Then they'll catch up. So you wouldn't have to do every one,
but if you want to be a part of them, I'll be in the biz army. I'll come and probably say
your book reports better than mine, but it'll be all about presentation. That's a fact.
What's up? There's a quest. That's Paul biz, nasty business. And that you, you back home,
is that your place behind you?
It looks a little different.
I will say, on a serious note, I have taken all this a little bit more seriously than
my co-host, Ryan Whitney.
I have technically self-quarantined myself.
So have I, dude.
Okay.
I changed my stance.
Okay.
Fair enough.
Although, going back to last podcast on Wednesday,
which was a month ago,
you did read off a text from a friend
that ended up again being false.
So you doubled down,
and apparently the story about someone in Canada
or wherever, in Winnipeg, you said Winnipeg, right?
Yeah, I think so.
But Biz, in conspiracy theories, even when proven to be false,
there's still always the wonderment of maybe it is true.
I mean, they cover up conspiracies.
Who knows?
I'm just reading stuff that could be a possibility.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Where are you, Biz?
I'm in my apartment in Scottsdale.
Are there any corona people in
arizona i think there's i think there's been 10 cases reported so not many but as i said a lot
of people here are taking the steps i went to whole foods the other day uh you know dropped
my life savings there i tweeted that picture out of that beautiful rainbow outside. Wow, that's a gorgeous shot. Have you ever seen a more perfect rainbow?
No, I thought it was like a fake rainbow by how perfectly symmetrical it was.
I mean, I don't mean to rain on your crepuscular raised brain,
but I think that's the nicest thing we've ever talked about.
Crepuscular?
Crepuscular.
Crepuscular, for fuck.
I think you say pest instead of pus actually another thing that happened yesterday was uh i i spelled something wrong on twitter
which usually happens the worst that was a tough one yeah but uh i figured you know since i went
i played in the ohl and you know i don't know the oh hockey guy here so i didn't focus as much on my education right and
so my vocabulary is just probably not where it should be so i'm going to start doing under this
quarantine circumstances building up my vocabulary knowledge so the word of the day and i used it
yesterday on twitter is going to be magnanimous okay i'm gonna have to use this word throughout this podcast don't use it more than once but
no one time that's it okay all right fair enough i respect that now can i get it can i get the
the definition of that word so when he says it i'll know or maybe i should figure it out by the
context you're going to use it uh it's like being the better man. Bingo. Exactly. You know, just because, so yesterday, what's his name?
Dana Beers, who's been clearly not taking any of this seriously
because he's been in Nashville.
Dana Beers is spitting in the face of this virus
with like the grossest phlegm that you could ever imagine.
He's taking down the city of Nashville one beer at a time.
Yeah, he's been putting on a savage display.
So he took a picture with a fan,
and I said it was a magnanimous move by him to do so
in order to give a picture to a fan.
So I will use it later on
because we're going to be talking about a situation
that involves a lot of money, R.A.,
and that's going to be the serious part of the podcast.
I don't know when we're going to talk about that.
R.A., can we go back and go timeline-wise?
Is that how we're going to start this and kind of what happened
since we last spoke to everyone?
Is it not worth doing that?
Well, I was just going to say basically like the Swedish update KHL
just because it's hockey fucking news.
Mentioned the Hockey Hall of Fame's closing.
I was actually going to bring up the stuff that went on in Boston
that we were talking about.
Basically, how you said the last episode, these kids don't give a fuck.
They basically did what you said last night.
They all went out fucking drinking, but the bars were open.
So what do you expect people to do?
I don't know.
I figured.
Kids are fearless.
When you were 21 would you
have been there's very selfish too the younger you the younger you are the more selfish you are
when you're 20 years old i'm sorry everyone out there that wants it to be a certain way
20 year olds that are feeling completely healthy that have nothing to do and bars are near them
open they're going maybe there's a select few that's probably smart and chills inside
and maybe lets this tall breathe a little.
I mean, like, it sounds bad, but, like, you're trying to slow this thing down.
So you're saying the business is taking their ass.
When you were 20, when me and you were 23,
if the NHL was canceled or whatever, we're just out and about.
We had nothing to do, and these bars are open,
and everyone's like, stay inside, social distance.
I'd be like, yeah.
I know for a fact I would have.
So I'm not going to leave.
Arena bar and girls got 2 beers today.
I'm not staying in.
And I know I might be able to bang one of the waitresses.
There might be a snowball's chance in hell that, you know,
Noel Welch doesn't sew up and he's
way better looking than i am no what's up buddy um i think that if you just expect that to happen
it's not real life it sucks because they probably shouldn't be doing that but it's all about how
they feel they're selfish they're young and they feel fine so yeah well there's nothing what sorry no i just said let's talk
about on the on the on the show like oh we kind of are we're on the show right now oh that's another
thing i thought we took a time out sorry there will be there will be this is like gong show um
territory we're in now this is unprecedented territory especially in the podcast biz yeah
the podcast was began to talk about hockey.
There's none of that right now.
So when you expect cuts and you expect things to go smoothly,
there's not going to be cuts.
I'm going to start talking about any single thing that comes to my brain.
Maybe it'll annoy you.
Maybe it'll annoy the guys I'm working with.
But that's just how this is going to roll.
So don't expect smoothness.
Don't expect easy listening.
Expect a little truculence, as Berkey likes to say,
and understand that my brain's working a million different ways right now.
I got thoughts up the wazoo, I'll say.
My wife's furious I'm bringing up the disease too much.
I've still got my mind on golf.
I'm worried about old people.
They just canceled the fucking Masters win.
They canceled the Masters, guys.
Did they really? Well, they postponed it. Oh, okay. So that's another thing. so it's they just cancel the fucking masters where they cancel the masters guys the masters
well they they postponed it oh oh okay so that's another thing like so so i'll give all my thoughts
i i i understand like they started canceling everything the the players i was like oh man
please keep the players this weekend give us something to watch. That'll be it. And they canceled after one round. So I then started sitting and wondering, like, where do you go from here?
Because if you're going to cancel or postpone Augusta, that's a month away.
Could they not in two weeks see how things look and then realize?
Or was it just for, like, PR in a a sense, like let's just cancel it now?
I was kind of confused.
Like how can you cancel stuff so far away?
And the more I've kind of looked into this and watched the news,
you understand that you can already tell that it's going to be pretty bad,
or that's what everyone's saying at least, and it's going to continue to spread.
So I understand it.
But right at the beginning, I was like, what's going on?
Like how are they canceling things a month away?
Is that crazy of me?
No, short answer is sometimes you don't think of things that it may affect
is maybe they're just preventing travel now.
They're stopping the travel.
They're saying this is serious.
We're going to cancel it that far ahead.
Now, you did say that there's no hockey to talk about
and to go back to the one thing that we do need to cover
because we have to go over the hit.
I want to go to the lemieux hit okay now it's going to be difficult finding hockey topics at
least organic ones to talk about throughout this process especially if it lasts a month long
now why don't we have fans submit all of his father's you know pepe's dirty hits throughout
his career and cheap shots and we rank them on the podcast.
So we can build this up through our social channels.
I know some of you might not even have Instagram or Twitter,
but I suggest signing up to Twitter, and we have all of these hits submit.
We rank them as far as his dirtier, cowardly plays,
and maybe even we can get Brendan on throughout this process,
especially if there's no hockey, to comment
and maybe even rank his old man's dirty hits as well.
I think Draper's number one.
I think there's nothing that  I don't remember anything that comes close.
I could be forgetting something.
Yeah, honestly, Brent, I mean, the kid's hit was nothing
compared to what his father used to do, to be honest with you.
That was  no pun intended, but that was kid stuff.
Now, some people were saying headshot,
and I'm saying you're out of your goddamn mind.
He went shoulder to fucking shoulder.
His head did fucking whip very nasty, okay?
And I didn't like the hit.
Some of you who are old school and who are saying that was a clean hit,
it was shoulder to shoulder, and it was just fraction, right?
Some people are arguing also the timeline as to when it left the stick and how late it was shoulder to shoulder and it was just fraction uh right some people are arguing also
the timeline as to when it left the stick and how late it was i would say given to where it was
coming from and the time that it left this stick i would say it was a dirty hit and the reason i
say that is because all those players are well aware that's the exact type of hit that they're trying to get rid of in order
to protect everyone involved lemieux included because he wasn't engaged with him and he also
if you watch the video he technically came from behind him and that and he blindsided him okay
so to me there's a difference with that hit now Now, mind you, like we've been growing up
with most of us throwing that hit. Right. So that's why it's hard. We're in that time.
Right. Well, maybe not you. Cause you're not in that situation as a trailing forward.
No, I just didn't hit.
Oh, well, okay. I was trying to give you benefit of the doubt there. All right. Once in a while,
I mean, you hit flurry. I mean, come on here. The you benefit of the doubt there. All right, once in a while, I mean, you hit Fleury.
I mean, come on here.
The evidence is there, two by four.
I hit the lottery.
But I'm not  listen, I know that he plays with that edge,
so he's already public opinions out the window.
But I would say based on where the game's trying to get in order to protect guys based on what we know about the concussion situation,
I would say let's try to
avoid that hit moving forward okay it was shoulder to shoulder it was not shoulder to head contact
i'm not going to agree with you on that although i agree with you on the like the abuse his head
took from the impact now wait did you see the collision it looked nasty yeah it was bad it was bad looking like just the the whip the whiplash
yes so i i think that you you said it you said it pretty clearly there biz that's monogamous of me
okay we you used it see it's like you put it in my brain and you don't think that i'm gonna drop
that word i don't think i said it correctly, though. I'm not even mad because you used it on me, man.
What did I say?
All right.
Magnanimous?
Yeah, I think so.
Magnanimous.
Magnanimous is what you wanted to say.
Hey, all right.
Let's scoff at this.
Yeah.
But if we were writing, I would have at least had spellchecked to be able to help me there.
I'm going to learn one new word a week, and I'm going gonna be walking around like the biggest pompous asshole i might even get reading glasses
sorry it sounds like there's a bunch of car horns like basically i'm obviously in south boston the
parade was canceled here today but it sounds like people might be fucking doing the root of something
because there's a shitload of horns beeping and this is normally when the beginning of the parade
would probably go by how long does your wi-fi? We should get you to go out there with your laptop and your mic and interview people.
No, that's what that's what like we were just talking about.
Like when Whit said last episode, these kids don't care, man.
South Boston was trending.
I'm like, oh, what the fuck happened now?
And it was basically because the bars were open and these kids showed up.
And it's like like me and Whit was saying, like, well, the onus is on the city.
Like they shut.
They told them all to close today.
It's like, well, they should have fucking did it yesterday.
Like fucking young kids are going to go out and get drunk and try to get laid.
Okay.
So that's where I was going to go.
And I went there quickly.
Our way is, is I think Portnoy mentioned it on his, his rant online.
Is he saying, I think at this point, it's got to be in the hands of like the higher
ups.
And of course the business owners in order to say, Hey, we're closing our doors.
You don't got anywhere to go i mean i i would assume some of them are going to raid the streets and then that'll last for you know a day or two and and you know they'll be having their own little
parades as you as you just said although i know it's the the saint patrick's day one but you're
saying it and some people are saying oh you guys are crazy. It's just media. How do you say that? Media created.
Hysteria?
Yeah.
No, there's obviously something here.
I think even if we're taking a bigger precaution than we should be,
people are still dying from this.
And we touched on it last episode.
One of us has a grandma who her immune system is low,
and she contracts this because we were just being idiots about it.
You know, it's just like you lose your grandma.
So let's tighten her up a little bit here,
even if it is being overblown, as some of you think.
Well, it's funny because I wanted to get our listeners updated
because since our last episode, the NHL hadn't officially canceled.
They did that.
We dropped, I think, early in the morning whenever G got it out.
And then later that day,
they announced everything was going to be postponed,
suspended, whatever word you want to use.
A couple other league updates as well.
The Swedish Hockey Federation was expected
to say that there were going to be no playoffs,
no relegation games, no titles handed out,
basically just calling it a season.
The KHL, I know Biz, you had heard earlier
that they were still operating,
but there was a reporter.
Let me get his name.
Sorry if I'm getting your name wrong, buddy.
Avis Kalmans.
It's at A underscore Kalmans.
He covers the KHL.
He said he expects the KHL to postpone the playoffs at Tuesday, the latest.
The last KHL statement said that they were monitoring the situation,
and a team I like to call Joe Carrot, Joe Carrot, they pulled out of the playoffs in the KHL statement said that they were monitoring the situation. And a team I like to call Joe Carrot, Joe Carrot,
they pulled out of the playoffs in the KHL.
What's it, the Gagarin Cup, I believe it's called.
And I'll tell you, Biz, they had one line in their statement
I thought was worth repeating, jumping off what you just said.
It's, quote, these are exceptional times and they call for exceptional measures.
The well-being and health of the people and our society is paramount,
and Joe Carrott wants to shoulder its responsibility in the matter.
And I thought that was a pretty cool statement,
kind of setting the tone like, look, we have to do this,
and everybody has to follow suit.
I'd rather be laughed at saying I'm overreacting
than being wrong about this situation.
Yeah, exactly.
Now, taking a look at the league, what do you think the guys that
they should do here? Should they, should they just like call it a 76 game season? Should they try to
get all 82? And if they, I mean, they've already played games in a hundred degree weather. Does
it really matter if they play into July? What do you think in here with. They have to,
this is why this is so hard to even talk about because we have no idea how long this
is going to take to be to be good at first you know i think maybe crazy i mean i was like two
weeks it will probably be good well now who knows it's a month then it's two months you just you
have no no one has any answers in terms of how long this is going to be so you can't answer what
the league should do now my thought is they have to do whatever it takes to award the Stanley Cup this year.
Like, I can't imagine that there's ever a time
where they have to cancel the entire season.
I just, I hope not.
That would be the absolute worst-case scenario.
But if you're going to end up going a couple months here,
all right, so what would that bring us to?
April, say we get to mid-May.
All right, now we got to just start the playoffs.
Is it fair to go by the percentage points
that the teams have gotten so far?
Because some teams haven't played as much games,
so you can't go points.
And then percentage-wise,
it's also there's arguments against that.
So then you start seeing all these guys
talk about four teams playing a best of two out of three, right,
to get the bottom two seats.
Well, then you still have, it could be mid-May, and you've got to go, you've got to go what?
A team needs 16 wins?
It's like they have no idea.
We can't even say what they should do because we don't, it's so unprecedented.
We have no clue how long it's going to last.
I say if they miss a month.
To me, they try to get in as many regular season
games as possible and the reason I say that it's hard in the midst of the game let's picture you
played two and a half periods right and all of a sudden one team's up but the other team's pressing
that's like cutting the game off I'd rather see them try to squeeze in as many of the 82 as
possible and if they have to shorten each series
to best of five because you're still getting an even you're still getting that even playing field
and let's say it gets even so ridiculous maybe a best of three i like best of five i think i think
you can figure out who the better team is in five games three is a little short but to me getting
the regular season over and done with
is is more important i mean christ is more important than the cup it's you know it's it's
more important no sorry thank you for correcting me it's more important than squeezing in the best
of seven oh yeah because you know what i'm saying is like because like obviously
like would you say that would shorten up
the whole overall playoffs by two weeks?
And then maybe you even do it so it goes two on the road
to start three at home.
So you can kind of speed it up more or less travel.
There's ways to get around this.
My overall opinion is you try to give everyone the even playing field
on the regular season in order to get in the tournament.
And once the tournament's in play,
you can shorten the amount of games against each other.
Even if it's a best of three at worst case scenario,
it's best versus best.
Let's go.
Everybody had the fair shake to get into the dance.
This could turn out to be the season to do one versus 16.
Completely flip the script and do my idea. Two out of three, one verse 16. Completely flip the script and do my idea.
Two out of three, one verse 16
until you get down to the final two.
Then they go three out of five or four out of seven.
Boom. Crazy cup.
Reducing the amount
of games in the series.
That's absolutely one way. Instead of a best of seven,
make it a best of five. You can shave a few days.
Either way, there's people
who are being like, you're a fucking idiot and then other people who like the idea a very difficult decision
for the nhl depending on how much time is in fact left i think it's ridiculous to go too far into
the summer guys unless next year you plan on backing up the start or or try this out next
year if you end up if it ends up going too long for this year.
Shorten the schedule and have less games. That ain't happening.
Yeah, you know that's not right.
You're barking up a tree that it's like old man yells it crepuscularly.
I got a little out of hand there.
That's all right.
Hey, boys, we haven't mentioned our guest yet.
Absolute legend of the game.
Assisted on arguably the most famous goal in hockey history.
Just an absolute legend.
Derek Sanderson.
We talked to him in Boston a couple weeks ago.
And, man, what a character this guy is and was.
One of the original, I would say, celebrity athletes.
Used to run around New York City with Joe Namath.
He has some great stories.
We're going to be bringing him on a little bit later.
But just want to let you know we do have Sanderson coming.
And excuse my ignorance.
I didn't know who this was.
You guys are hardcore Boston guys.
I remember when you mentioned his name, I was like,
oh, you think he'll be good?
He goes, Biz, this guy was a legend.
He was the highest paid athlete in the world at one point.
Who did he surpass?
Was it Pele?
It was Pele, yeah.
When he went to the WHA.
And the way he was able to articulate these stories
and so nonchalantly about guys like Bobby Orr.
Guys, I don't think, I mean, we had, oh God.
Eddie Shaq?
Eddie Shaq on, okay?
And he had a cool beat.
He was old school.
You could tell.
But Derek Sanderson, he went into depth on these stories,
and my jaw was dropped the entire episode.
So thank you guys for bringing him on as a hockey fan.
And keep in mind, this guy talked for, I don't know how long the interview was.
I think it was a minute or a minute, an hour and ten.
But, Whit, I think we could have him on a minute, an hour and 10, but wit, I think we could
have him on for another two full hour and 10 segments easily. He, and he said, he's definitely
down to do way more. And the crazy thing is we, I guess he could just tell you now before the
interview, but we didn't even get into the part of Derek's life where he, you know, was struggling
and on a, on a park bench in New York city. I mean, that's how, that's how great of a storyteller
was. And that's how in of a storyteller he was,
and that's how in-depth he went into the beginning of his career
and life and time with the Bruins.
So there's going to be way more with him.
This is just the beginning.
But, yeah, I know for a fact he's a legend
because I got the chance to meet him when I was playing in Barbier Wars.
My agent, Derek, was at a golf thing we all played at,
and he was just holding court at this table.
I was like, oh, my God, this guy's a legend.
And then, you know, hearing about him,
seeing he was on the cover of a magazine with this big mustache,
smoking a cigarette, I believe, or something like just crazy stuff
that doesn't happen nowadays.
So I think that his storytelling, everyone will just really enjoy.
And, R.A., before I throw it back over to you,
like just in the midst of you talking, the Rolls Royce story,
these people, you guys are going to be blown away.
I can't wait for you guys to listen to it.
What else do we got before we get there, R.A.?
Yeah, I think when we do record, my mother and all my aunts
are going to want to show up because he was
every woman in New England wanted Derek Sanderson back in the day.
He was a sex god back in the early 70s.
Oh, bigger.
Even, dude, Tom He was a sex guy. He was Tom Brady. Oh, bigger. Even he do Tom Brady,
like naughty.
Was it a dog?
Tom Brady?
Like wasn't a dog.
Like Sanderson was just like embraced the,
like the,
the cocky,
like sexy athlete Brady's,
but you know,
he's never embraced that.
Who's known as like the biggest dirt bag athlete,
like big name.
Oh,
I mean,
I wouldn't say dirt bag.
That's a bad word.
Derek Jeter. Like, is it true? I wouldn't say dirtbag. That's a bad word. Derek Jeter.
Like, is it true?
I've heard stories about this guy having, like, a gift basket for these girls
on the way out with a signed Derek Jeter ball.
Yeah.
I got to find out if this is true.
No, that's supposedly a true story.
He'll leave a gift basket, which takes a level of balls to do that.
It takes being the shortstop in New York City for 20 years
and winning five titles to do that.
Hey, so I heard a story about a baseball player,
and I believe this guy has a property on Gosser.
And I'm pretty sure he played for the Diamondbacks at one point,
and that's how I heard the story.
But he was a handsome guy, so he would meet girls at the supermarket
and be like, hey, give me a call.
And they would call and say, he would basically be like,
hey, do you want to come over and pound?
And sometimes he would catch them.
And his move was he would say, hey, this is the gate code.
Come on in and just come in the front door.
And they would obviously, when they walked in the front door,
this guy would be in the hallway, and there was this big-ass mirror against the wall,
and he'd be buck naked just taking cuts with a baseball bat.
Is this
Yes.
Yes.
I've read the internet tales on that guy.
And he's got a property at Gosser,
so I've got to do some digging to find out if it's true.
I read stuff, and I was like, who is this?
Because I knew his name from being sort of a baseball fan, and then I Googled images, and I was like who is this because i knew i knew his name from being a you know sort of a baseball fan and then i google image i'm like oh i could see he's hot as shit
so if the study and he's a he's a different guy he's a different guy and you met him yeah i met
him at gauzer and you know he's like he's he's not like us like i'm not saying he's a bad guy
he's just like you know he's not i don't think he's like i think he's getting better though because he's hanging out with all those hockey boys now going back to the
whole you know the the derrick jeter thing and of course this one is i think baseball players are
known as to be the biggest dog athletes are they not and we maybe we got to start getting a few of
these guys on like they got because they end up getting this crazy money okay like so like these pitchers are making how much money now 40 million dollars for one year
that's like that's nba money right there i mean i guess nba guys i was gonna be any
does any one league have any more hornball guys than any other league and i don't fucking guys
actually this story came out yesterday and this one caught fire along with the Corona
thing was Barack Obama following this porn star on Twitter.
Did you guys hear that story?
He was following Sarah J and Sarah J.
Like I've stumbled across her videos and she's,
you know,
and there's like a,
a John Cena type wrestler.
She's like the mankind.
Like she ain't there's, it's no holds bar. Like they're putting the tax out. She's like the mankind. Like she ain't,
there's,
it's no holds barred.
Like they're putting
the tacks out.
She's getting hit in the face
with, you know,
chairs and shit.
Like it's rough.
So I don't know
what type of shit
Barack Obama's into,
but I don't know
if that's a good look
for him,
you know,
and Michelle
and that whole situ.
Yeah.
Maybe he doesn't put sex
in a pedestal.
He's a biz.
Okay. Okay. All right. Okay.
Hey, great response. I mean, but with all this news lately, it's easy to get stressed out.
Fortunately, the Theragun is here to help you out. The Theragun is the original professional
grade handheld percussive therapy device that provides deep muscle tissue treatment to release
tension, improve mobility, accelerate recovery, and enhance performance.
I use the Theragun to help me sleep better simply by using it for two minutes
on each muscle group before bed.
It helps me get nice and relaxed, nice and calm.
Boom, I'm out like a light.
You feel better naturally.
You treat your pain, and you get back to your life.
So try the Theragun risk-free for 30 days or your money back
by going to theragun.com slash chicklets.
That's T-H-E-R-A-G-U-N.com slash chicklets.
And for a limited time, our listeners get a free charging stand with the purchase.
That's a 79 value.
Once again, that's theragun.com slash chicklets.
And for the folks in the back, theragun.com slash chicklets.
Hey, boys, we got a little news from out west.
The Ducks and Blues athletic training staffs were both given the Lifesaver Award
by the California Athletic Trainers Association for their swift, decisive,
and heroic actions during the game on February 11th in Anaheim.
That saved the life of defenseman Jay Bomeester.
A nice gesture that they, you know, recognized these guys for doing what they did.
And it's incredible, like, how those guys just go into motion, man.
They do all this training so much, and when the time comes,
those guys stepped up and got it done.
And speaking of the Ducks, their owners, Henry and Susan Samueli,
they also operate the Honda Center.
They committed to paying all full-time and part-time employees
who were scheduled to work through March 31st,
which included three Ducks games, a couple of Big West tournament games, and two concerts, which have since been canceled.
But other teams' owners haven't been stepping up.
The Capitals' fansite, Russian Machine, never breaks.
They've kept a list of naughty and nice for owners who are versus aren't paying their arena staff.
Now, you've got to keep in mind, some hockey teams don't own the arena,
so they're just tenants, and the owners, they don't pay these arena staff anyway,
so the owners really isn't on them to pay it.
But a lot of these cases, there are billionaires who can pay this.
I mean, a billion dollars to pay these people would be a drop in the bucket.
So it seems like people are trying to shame them into it.
Some of these people probably can't be shamed.
Let's go to you, Whit, first.
Calgary, I'm sorry, Calgary and Winnipeg,
those are two other teams that are getting dragged pretty bad up north as well.
So I need you to kind of explain that again to me a little bit in that
who doesn't owe them the money?
Which owners don't owe them the money?
Okay, so for instance, Arizona, I believe it's a third party.
I think the arena hires them out.
So they're not employed by the Arizona cut.
Because they don't own the arena, excuse me.
Right, they're just tenants in the arena.
So we're only talking about guys like Jacobs who own the arena and also own the team.
Yes.
Is Jacob paying?
Because this is an embarrassment.
This is the cheapest shit I've ever seen, dude.
And I'm actually very curious to know the other side
because I saw Chaser was defending Calgary, I believe, biz.
Yeah, I wasn't.
I mean, listen, I like Chaser.
I wasn't really down with his opinion on that.
Maybe he has.
Does he have a point about something that should show that the calgary owner isn't at fault and not paying these people
for me personally maybe there is something i don't know but the bad look with calgary is the fact that
they held out and they said they were going to move the team out of town until they ended up
getting 290 million dollars committed in taxpayers money in order to build them a new arena so they can profit off of
okay and i get that them being there creates jobs i don't want to get in this whole riff raff raha
whereas maybe uh chaser's argument is that the oil industry is getting hammered maybe some of the
owners are involved with oil and this traces back to Trudeau and the fact that the West is getting bent over, and that is political.
I'm not going to give you my opinion on politics on this podcast.
I don't want to talk politics with anyone.
I didn't even know.
So that may be the correlation as to why he's trying to back up the owners in Calgary.
So I'll throw it back to you.
Okay, that would make more sense to me now to me, looking at a billionaire to it, it doesn't, they don't even, they wouldn't even notice dude,
like a billion. Do you know how much money a billion dollars is? Like if you, if you have
these employees that work for you, man, these people, they, this is obviously not your fault.
This is an act of god
i guess you say with this virus and what's happening but man you gotta take care of these
people and that's why shout out to bobrovsky and so many other players who bobrovsky put a hundred
grand towards the employees at the uh is it sunrise whatever the name of that place is
and then there's stuff going around for the bruins people, but come on. Dude, how about this one?
Do you know a million seconds
biz is 12 days
and a billion seconds is 31
years? Do you know
when people say a billionaire
is worth 1.6 billion?
The.6 is 600
million. They still have the other billion.
These people
would not they don't
even know they wouldn't even know the money's gone i'll tell you the comparison and and this
is probably pretty fair maybe not as much and i know you get hammered for sometimes being a bit
of an asshole wit maybe a little pompous who are you talking about right who hammers me for being
an asshole out of some time i don't know i'm not gonna argue about that this reads every comment on the internet so oh so there yeah so you you read stuff on the internet call me an
asshole nobody says i'm an asshole to my face well the guy called you an asshole the other day for
your fucking jokes about coronavirus and then you went back and be like what do i care what you
think so i just i was just going based off of that anyway like i mean when we're places like
and you see a homeless guy,
you'll whip out a wad and you'll give him 100 cash.
That's probably what that  that's like the comparison to the owner
stroking a check for, let's say, what?
For the remaining games, maybe half a million dollars?
I was actually wondering what it would cost.
I mean, I couldn't guess, but it's enough where if you're a billionaire,
you literally wouldn't know it's gone.
It would probably  it's not a billionaire
it's not worth a billionaire's time to pick
like bend over and pick up like 1,000.
It's probably  you can't even begin to wrap your mind
around how much money these dudes have.
I think the worst one is the Clippers.
The Clippers owner is worth like 56 billion.
This guy.
Yeah, man.
Imagine that.
That means you couldn't spend it, I don't think.
Yeah.
By the time he wrote the check to hand it over to the arena staff,
he would have already made that back in interest.
Yeah, it's an ungodly amount of money.
Like you said, they wouldn't even miss it if it was gone.
If they had it embezzled, they wouldn't miss it.
Brad Marchand, he tweeted out a GoFundMe as well for TD Garden Arenas
because Jeremy Jacobs is on that naughty list.
Shocker.
The Oilers rolled out what they called an assistance program
to ensure their well-being is protected.
It's basically financial payments of bridge workers.
It's kind of weird, though. It's kind of convoluted. I don't know. It's, it's kind of weird though.
It's kind of convoluted.
I don't, I don't know.
It's not, it's not basically just paying them.
It looks like they're going to give them a little assistance.
And like you said, Bobrovsky, a hundred grand, that's really setting the tone for everybody.
Um, because he's making 10 million this year and he dropped a hundred grand like nothing.
I mean, that's a significant percentage of his income.
Uh, another note to NHL players are going to get their last three paychecks March 13th, March 23rd, and April 4th, so
guys are going to get taken care of for the rest of the season. And per our buddy
Chris Johnston, the East Coast Hockey League will be paid only through today
following the cancellation of this season. That sucks for those guys. Their average
salary there is like 600 a week, and those guys are going to have to go back to
doing whatever fucking tough jobs they've got back in Canada no doubt boys we know it's St. Paddy's Day this
weekend as an Irishman I'm always down for a new style of potato and today I'm all about McCain
potatoes dipping wedges McCain potatoes dipping wedges are a new and unique fry solution that is
cut in a v-shape and allows users to load them up with toppings and or dips to create a variety of unique appetizers. They are one of a kind being the only V cut shape in the marketplace.
It's got a crispy texture on the outside with a soft texture on the inside. You can deep fry them
or bake them in the oven for a healthier alternative. If you deep fry, they're ready in
two to four minutes. In the oven, you need about 25 minutes. You can get them at Walmart, Target,
Safeway, ShopRite, Food Lion, and many more retailers.
Check out the where to buy section of those websites.
You can also find them in the freezer aisle.
What they pair well with right now, I'll tell you, guacamole, salsa, melted cheese, pico de gallo, or any of your other favorite dips.
So grab more than one because dip and wedges are made to share.
They're intended to be a fun snack, appetizer, or a little side dish to share with friends and family.
No artificial colors or flavors.
Made with real potatoes, the way us Irish like it.
Well, boys, do you call them potatoes?
Potatoes?
Or is that how they were spelled?
Is that you saying potatoes?
Potatoes, potatoes.
I don't know.
Potatoes, I say it sometimes.
I like R-A's way.
What's your argument with?
No, so I've heard old school people say potatoes
So I know that's what you were saying
But I didn't know if you were one of those
Potatoes guys
One potato, two potato, three potato, four
I wonder how many times
If I went to Whole Foods after this
And said, excuse me, where are your potatoes?
How do you say it? Potatoes?
How many times do you say excuse me?
Yeah.
Oh, I have to slow down when I go to other places too because I talk too fast anyways.
But all right, boys, what do you say?
Send it over to Derek Sanderson or what?
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Well, this is an absolute honor and a pleasure for me right now.
Our next guest was one of the most colorful personalities and athletes of the 70s, a member of the famed Big Bad Bruins. He won two Stanley Cups as well as a called the trophy
as the league's best rookie. He later signed what was at the time the richest contract in pro sports
after well-publicized issues with substance abuse. He later served and continues to serve
as a cautionary tale for young and rich athletes everywhere. He's now enjoying retirement here in the Boston area.
It's my genuine pleasure to introduce to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Derek Sanderson.
Wow.
Absolute pleasure.
That was a good introduction.
That was pretty good, huh?
I mean, I made my day right there.
Kind of covered the whole spectrum, yeah.
We got to mention that you were Turk, right?
What's Turk?
No, Turk was something I do not know where that came from.
No shit.
And I used to tell people, turkey sandwiches are bullshit.
I mean, it was, you know, you didn't do that.
You could say anything at that point.
They'd believe it.
You know, I used to lie to reporters all the time.
You've got to entertain yourself.
This guy asked a question.
Same question, same question.
And I got it.
So I had four different ways.
You know, and then like i
i did a thing with the with the with the uh brohams out in vancouver and i had the
the players interview the uh reporters oh he flipped it yeah and neely was the best he goes
all right i asked me give me a stupid question i can ask three times. And that's true.
And then the reporters go, I don't know.
That's unbelievable.
Yeah.
No, it's crazy, but it happens.
Now, D, going back to the early days, you were never actually drafted.
No, there was no draft in my day.
Okay.
So what did the team just offer, and how did that play out?
No, the Bruins bought me when I was 11.
Legit.
Actually.
I feel like you got three media guys here and you're giving us fake answers.
No, no.
It was, they bought me when I was 11 years old.
And I had scored four goals in a place called Paris, Ontario.
And they brought me from Banff and they brought me up to Midget.
And I was, and I get lucky.
And there are Bruin scouts there.
I don't know what he's doing there.
But, I mean, it's a little young to come after you.
But there was no draft.
So they had to beat the bushes and find kids all over Canada.
And in those days, Americans need not apply.
No Americans in the league.
We're good enough.
And that's wrong.
The Cleary brothers, there's just a lot of great Boston players that came through college
and didn't make it back in the day.
So that was unfair, you're saying, though? back in the day. So that was unfair you're saying
though? Very unfair.
But anyway, so you
go through all that.
I got a hundred bucks.
My dad signed my C form, which
is your professional rights.
And he got a hundred dollars
in the Boston Bruins. And it's a very long
title name.
The Bruins, I thought it would be the Bruins. It's just old. title name I don't know well the Bruins I thought would be
the Bronx it's just old so you look at it and you know he said son just take a you know take a
picture because I'm catching this and I was my dad made 26 bucks a week he was looking to say
maybe I should cash this is a nice month paycheck and I said yeah okay and that was it just bragging
rights in the neighborhood that's all it was And it didn't mean anything
And they got Bobby Orbit, he got 800
At the same age
I didn't find that out until I was 37
I said, you got 800?
He goes, yeah, and a blue suit
And they got a stucco at my father's house
I said, get the fuck out
You're a Perry Sound
That's incredible So you and Bobby were the same age Or are the same age Bobby's a year younger Get them. Well, you're a Perry Sound. Yeah.
That's incredible.
So you and Bobby were the same age or are the same age?
Bobby's a year younger.
Okay.
And Bobby came up in 60s.
I got my first game in 65.
And that was in the 16 league.
I'm glad they expanded.
They were really, really good.
They were all good.
Yeah, no easy games.
No easy.
Yeah, there was no passing lanes in those days.
Because if you could carry it 15 feet without getting killed,
you were really doing something.
Everybody hit.
And everybody took their man and took the body, and nobody went fishing for pucks like they do today with the slip and slide.
All you do is look at the guy's chest.
He's not going anywhere without the crest in the middle of his chest.'t watch his feet his head shoulders it's right there and you can't
beat anybody was there almost a sense of like not having four lines then where it was just every
fourth line the game isn't played that way yeah and it's never intended to play that way
hockey is to be played with three lines an an extra forward, two pairs of D,
an extra defenseman because of injury, and one goaltender dressed.
The benches were for 16 players, and that's it.
Right?
And remember when they expanded?
They always had to sit down in the aisle.
They had to put them around the corner, and they didn't have a fourth line.
So what they did, all the fourth line did was bring in,
my guys are tougher than your guys.
But on my day, everybody fought.
Everybody fought each other.
You get mad at each other, you're going to be straightening somebody out.
I mean, you know, so it was.
There was no protecting somebody else.
It was you go get them.
You want them?
You want to?
Yeah.
And that was it.
But were there certain players, though, that there was just,
it didn't matter, like don't hit them dirty,
and nobody was off limits?
No, that's what Bobby Org had heard.
Bobby went through the middle.
He didn't play Gretzky on the outside.
He didn't go over here.
Best player in the world skating open ice is Gretzky and those guys.
Bobby the best hockey player, hands down.
Not even close.
You've seen it since you were seven years old.
You know something?
Yeah, I never saw anyone take the puck off that kid.
So you say to yourself, Bobby's got the puck.
I can go pretty well where I want to go.
And shake your man, and you're loose.
And he finds you somewhere, and it was amazing.
So you guys were from towns near each other?
No, Bobby's very sound.
He's about two hours north of Toronto. He's up at that, I mean, you guys were from towns near each other? No, Bobby's very sound. He's about two hours north of Toronto.
He's up in that, I mean, the Niagara Falls.
I was born in Niagara Falls.
Okay.
So you played against him at what age starting?
12 or even a little later?
I don't know.
I think I played about until I was 15.
And then you remember then at that time it was already,
we know about this kid, rinks are packed.
He was, what they did is that Bobby came up and he was going to come to Niagara Falls
because the NHL in my day was junior sponsored.
So Boston Bruins owned the Niagara Falls Flyers, ergo owned all the players,
and put the players in and invite you to camp.
My first training camp I went to,
it was 134 guys for four positions.
I'm 15.
I'm maybe 150, 6 foot, 150 pounds.
Wow.
And it was all, you know, a lot of bleeding and hitting.
It's crazy.
But that's the way the game was played, with three lines.
And if a guy was having a bad night, that was the coach's genius.
He would pick that float player, put him in,
they could plug him in, left wing, right wing.
And it was entirely different.
When you go to four lines, that was brought in by Allen Eagleson
and the Players Association to get players signed.
Get more jobs.
Four jobs, right?
And that was any union's job is to do that, get players signed.
So instead of carrying 16, 18, 18 players, they carried 26.
Now, they had to keep them under National League contracts, so everybody got money.
Did you notice the pace get better, though, because they were less tired?
Did you visually know, or you thought it was a better product with only three lines?
You really could feel the game.
You knew who you were with and knew who you were against.
You had to focus because everybody was focused.
And you didn't have that option.
Now you say to yourself, today they're faster.
They're no faster today.
I mean, the human body can only go so fast. today they're faster. They're no faster today than,
I mean, the human body can only go so fast.
And it's first step speed.
Bobby Orr had the best first step speed on the planet.
And that's all.
And he just, he went from a dead stop,
beat you with a step past.
I don't know how he did it.
I don't think he knew how he did it.
But that isn't something you can teach.
Either you got it or you don't.
You know, if you're a young kid today, and just work at skating.
My dad said, every time you get a chance to put a skate on, put them on.
Because it's every step closer to the National Hockey League.
And that's what you look at, right?
You need balance.
You need first-step speed.
And that is the whole thing if you
can skate without thinking about your feet you're left to right no natural way my natural way is
left but i did so many right drills that there's no natural way you watch players today they can't
leg over leg turn they have to glide and they nobody can pass the puck anymore on their back
end i would agree with you i would agree with you towards the end of my career specifically
because I wasn't playing as much and I was in a fourth-line role.
I was so focused on getting my legs going and feeling comfortable out there
that by the time I'd be able to make my decision,
it's like that split second was gone.
You need that.
I mean, you need that, the first shift to get hit,
wake yourself up, confront somebody, do something.
All right?
And, you know, when you're playing that many games,
you know, it's a whole different world.
And we went to 76 games, and then they went to 84.
That's a lot of fucking games.
Yeah, it's too much, too much.
And then you look at, by march it's who's
healthiest coming into the playoffs because players get but you get it's a tough game yep
it's a vicious game it's a violent game played by violent people and you're going to get hurt
it's part of the ticket well i gotta defend a crosby can pack a pass on his back here i can't
get away with that one yeah and iby can and Bergeron can.
Bergeron can.
There's a couple, but it is not definitely a skill, I think.
It's not a skill.
I remember Jean Beliveau, straight stick,
and he would just feather that pass down his backhand.
Cornway would be gone.
And he used to call him the roadrunner,
and nobody today is as fast as Cornway.
And you know who the fastest skater in hockey ever was?
Bobby Sheehan.
From Hingham, right?
Yeah.
I've heard that.
The Sheehan.
I used to say to Bobby,
Bobby, slow down.
The center man can't get you to the puck.
By the time he gets it to you,
you're right in front of the defenseman,
and he was getting killed.
I said, yo, Bobby, you got to learn to come late, right?
Yeah, it's late. You have to play it for him. Time it. Yeah. And it was, killed. I said, Bobby, you've got to learn to come late. Right? You're late.
You have to play four.
Yeah.
Your first season was, well, your first
full season, 67, 68.
You know, you got Esposito, Busek in the room.
Were you young and cocky?
Were you kind of, you know, are these guys, what was
your first feeling?
My first camp?
When they made the deal with Phil?
Yeah.
When they were first right-goers.
Yeah, that was a big deal.
We were at the Holiday Inn in London
and sitting around a pool
thinking,
maybe Esposito.
I'm like,
okay, who's that?
I didn't...
You don't know.
The only ones I saw
were Toronto and Montreal.
No way.
So you never even watched
this team play?
No.
He's in Chicago.
Right?
Who's Esposito? You weren't watching his clips on your twitter account i didn't know he was that good and everybody said he was a bad skater couldn't
he was a great skater he'd take two strides to my three and he was a big 240 30 pound guy
and a tremendous pair of hands and and he could stick his butt out in front of them.
You can't get around him.
And in our day, that was violent.
That was a violent place to play.
That was a defenseman.
He could do what he wanted with you.
Keith Kachuk was one of the great in front of that guys.
Well, I was going to say, describe the live atmosphere at the games back then
because it's so much different where a lot of it's been being consumed via media now where
you would hear about these fictitious characters yeah and all of a sudden esposito would roll into
town it'd be your first time at a game and you've been hearing all these fairy tales about them yeah
would he were these guys let me see you do it were Were they also showmen where, like, in warm-up, they'd be like?
Oh, no, no, no.
It was all business?
No, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody hated each other.
Legit.
You did not.
John Ferguson, right, had Peter Mihaljevic.
And he came into the, and he was talking to somebody at Center Ice.
And he came in and slapped him.
He started slapping him in the face.
I tell you what, you don't ever do that.
You never, nobody, and I'll tell you what, it would start a brawl
if a puck slid past the red line and you went in to get it.
That's a warm-up.
And that was violent.
And it was, people loved it.
You were involved.
Fans sat on the boards with no glass.
There was no glass along the length of the rink.
The fans sat on the boards like the players did.
Wait, just behind the net there was?
Yeah, just behind the net there was.
How many fans did you see eat pucks?
A lot.
A lot.
I was in New York and the model was there and she caught one.
She was talking.
No. Not paying attention. Hit her in New York and the model was there and she caught one. She was talking. No.
Not paying attention.
Hit her in the cheek and cut her a wide.
Oh.
Felt bad for her.
But, you know.
Oh, you got to be paying attention.
Watch this game at your own risk.
I don't know if they still got it, but that was the thing that they had on tickets.
You're going to get hurt.
And you guys were getting into city.
Like, how were the road trips then?
Would you go in a couple nights before?
Would you stay a couple nights after?
Yeah.
You'd take a train.
Okay.
Any long trips.
And then we always went commercial.
So they gave the back of the plane to the Bruins.
So I think you were known as a bit of a rock star in your day.
So you're traveling.
Never understood that, but yeah.
Well, I mean, come on. What do you mean? Well, I had my innings. of a rock star in your day so you're you're traveling never understood that but yeah well
i mean come on what do you mean i mean you well i had i had my innings i had yeah i had some at bats
had fun it was your it's met bad you know you don't know what you're gonna do uh you know it's
you're you come to town and i'm from a small town in canada you mind if i start using that
what i know i had some at bats. He's going to copy right there.
Can we get a shirt made, Grinnell? I got a sweater on.
Swipe up. Put me in the field, yeah.
I got a bat, yeah.
But it was a lot of fun.
I was single. They didn't have
nightclubs like they do today
in 65.
You had to have the gift of the gab, too.
Oh, yeah.
They had apartment buildings, entire complexes, like Charles
River Park here.
Singles only.
No married, no kids, no pets.
Singles only.
So that's, they won Florida Girls.
And it was crazy.
Like an Olympic village.
Oh, yeah.
Put the condoms in the middle.
Let's play.
It was fun.
It was fun.
Just kidding.
You guys didn't use condoms.
Because they had to establish.
It wasn't that easy.
You didn't go and meet anybody.
You got bars.
You didn't do that like you do today.
I mean, you were probably one of the first celebrity athletes, I guess.
Kind of like Joe Namath.
You know, you love the kids.
Yeah.
Well, Joe was my man.
I became his partner in 67, 68, 69.
We built Daisy Buchanan.
So in 68, we had Bachelors III.
And Bachelors III was just, and Joe and I, I made 8,000.
Right?
To play hockey a year.
Yeah, and Joe said, I want you to be my partner.
I said, well, I want this, but come into New York.
I said, okay.
I'm not a, you know, Joe Namath.
Okay.
But NFL, I didn't watch the NFL, so I don't know how good he was.
And so I go to New York, and he says, all right, I still want to deal.
He said there was four guys.
There's Bobby Orr, Tony Canigliaro, Kenny Harrelson, and you.
Bobby Orr is cookies and milk.
He's too nice a guy. Kenny Harrelson, and you. Bobby Orr is cookies and milk.
He's too nice a guy.
He said, then there's Kenny Harrelson.
He's 34.
34 home runs.
The Red Sox will trade him.
And Tony Canigliaro.
And he says, he's better looking than me.
I don't think we get along.
And he said, that leaves you. And I said, what am I going to do?
And he says, well, I'll give you 30,000.
Okay. A new Lincoln. He said, what? Whoa, that leaves you. And I said, what am I going to do? And he says, well, I'll give you 30,000. Okay.
A new Lincoln.
He said, what?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
A new Lincoln.
Whoa.
I had a 40-year-old car at the time.
And the power of the pen.
I never even heard of what the power of the pen was in my life.
And you sign the checks.
You come in with some friends, and I just sign a check.
I just tip the waitress. I mean, everybody was dying to be a waitress there. You come in with some friends, and I just sign a check. I just tip the waitress.
I mean, everybody was dying to be a waitress there.
You made a fortune.
But that was, yeah, and that was the way it started.
And then we opened up the...
So what?
So you guys would be in there, of course.
The ladies would come in.
Then, of course, the men would follow.
So you created this monopoly.
It was the coolest place.
Well, the thing I did, the idea I had was when I was with Bachelors three i went down on the playboy club there's two doors down like it's
just a you know was it legit back then oh yeah it doesn't carry the same name as it used to no
not it doesn't have any cachet now but it did then yeah just full and that was a beauty contest
there was there was no i mean not not a lot of British bulbs in the chandelier,
but I'll tell you what.
They were awfully good looking.
And they had rules, Playboy Club.
They had to protect lawsuits
and stuff like that. So they went
down and I said
to the Bunny Mother Mary, I said,
the girls can come to
Bachelor 3
free. Go pay for their drinks and pick up their boyfriends, husbands, whatever. The girls can come to Bachelor 3 free,
go pay for their drinks,
and pick up their boyfriends, husbands, whatever.
And you've got 64 of the best-looking girls in the city,
every chef, every half the boat.
And then guys would be four or five deep,
just eyeing and falling over each other,
trying to meet her. I use the word residuals a lot on this podcast.
I could only envision, if I was your teammate at the time,
how much I'd be hanging out there and collecting those residuals.
Yeah, well, that happens, too.
Bright light bulbs or not.
So in those years, though, the Bruins became so good.
You guys won your first cup in 70.
When you had gotten there, was the team struggling?
What was the vibe like to be a Bruin in the mid-60s?
I became a Bruins fan when I was 11, obviously.
You used to get to see them.
When they bought you.
Yeah.
And you get to see them at Hockey Night in Canada.
And they were dead last, last place.
And I thought, good, stay there.
Stay there.
You're going to get good.
I mean, Montreal bought you.
You weren't, eh.
Right?
So now Boston, it was give me a better chance to play.
So when I came up, I mean, I played my first training camp, 15, and craziness.
But then you go to, I'm 17, 18 years old, going to camp.
And it was tough.
But you had to see guys could play and guys teach you things.
Your teammates teach you things.
So it was entirely different than it would be today.
Were you really nervous going into your first NHL training camp?
Yeah, yeah, you get really scared.
Yeah, you get, yeah.
So you go in with a lot of fear and apprehension, and so what do you do?
You overreact to the first guy that comes near you.
And he says, if you even thought about attempting to fight me, I'd jump you.
So you give me a look, the look's going to mean something.
And so it was crazy, a lot of looks in the old days.
And you had to handle yourself and do what you did, right?
But now they put in rules, and it was indifferent now.
Now, you guys called Bobby O the godfather in the room, correct?
Completely.
He was it, yeah.
There was not even a discussion about that.
Yeah.
Now, how long did it take, you know,
obviously when you get the Espo and Busek or the older guys,
how long did it take for it to become Bobby's room?
I mean, he was only still a teenager then.
Was it almost overnight?
Well, he couldn't come into the team until he was 18.
He went up in March, 18th birthday.
So I was playing him against Junior on a Thursday night,
and he's gone on the NHL on Saturday night.
So, yeah, he was there.
Did you go at him when you played against him?
I had a thing one time, and Bobby hates this story.
Oh, sorry, Bobby.
And we're playing junior, right?
And Bobby was with Oshawa, and I was with Niagara Falls.
Both teams are owned by the Bruins.
So they're trying to show us off.
Don't get panicked.
Everybody's panicked.
We've been dead last for a long time.
We've got some future players coming in, right?
And that's the way it used to have to be
until 70 when they put the draft in.
So my dad and I'm pulling out on the bus.
Now, you're going to go eight hours on a bus,
off, boom, play.
You know what I mean?
There was no staying over.
So I'm getting in the bus,
and all the guys are getting comfortable
settling in the bus,
and I see this bright yellow car.
It was my dad's canary yellow station wagon.
Cut the bus off.
Huh, you don't do that.
Jeez, Dad.
And so I went down, and the coach says, it's your father.
And I'm looking around.
I guess I don't know very much about anybody else's father.
So I went down.
I said, yeah, Dad.
He says, come off to the front of the bus.
He says, listen, I've been thinking about it.
And you're going to be playing Bobby Orr in Boston Garden.
And he's God coming.
He's sucking coming.
So there's two people that crowd is going to remember.
Bobby Orr and the one that beats him up.
That's unreal.
So I jumped.
He was getting jumped before I left Tiger Falls.
Bobby didn't even know it.
Yeah, he didn't know it.
Yeah, I was coming.
So it was, yeah, I really didn't have my heart in it.
It was kind of more of a wrestling match.
But you were remembered.
No, and that night, I mean, you know, in the old garden.
You guys ever gone
to the old garden?
I was there.
Oh, yeah.
I haven't.
In the big cow trough there
for the year, you know?
Yep.
And the guy's standing
and I'm watching the Bruins
getting that light.
He goes,
hey, you're that kid
that fought Orr today.
I said, yeah.
I got recognized.
My dad was right.
I said, you're Sanderson.
You're the one that fought Orr. I said, yeah. I got recognized. My dad was right. I said, you're Sanderson. You're the one that fought Orr.
That's unreal.
We've got to go back to Joe Namath.
I mean, a lot of people are probably wondering, whoa.
Yeah, well, Joe is, yeah, you don't skip over Joe in America.
He's pretty well, yeah.
What was he like?
I tell you what, one of the nicest, classiest superstars on the planet.
I mean, Bobby was, too.
And they are, I'm lucky to meet two of the best.
There was nothing false about him.
He was from Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania.
And if he liked you, he liked you.
And he was in for a good time.
And that was it.
He was not in there for a long time.
And he just enjoyed himself.
He was very, you know, respectful. He was very respectful.
He didn't like a bully or a bragger.
He was calm, quiet
and a great guy.
And we had a lot of fun.
And then I went into bar business
for myself.
What would be a typical Saturday night for you and Joe Namath
going out together?
It would be
absolutely insane.
After hours?
You guys get into the after hours?
No, I had no part in it.
I had no part in it.
I was just a kid.
You're just following it.
I'm just following it around.
I'm stumbling around doing my own business.
And yeah, it was a party for crazy.
And you know, I didn't,
like Kidney Candy Store,
you don't know what to do.
I mean, you don't.
No.
And you'd say, oh no, she's way too good looking for me and she wouldn't be
that's a good feeling isn't it
yeah when you know if i was my biggest fear is rejection that was uh my biggest fear ever
oh really oh it's a kid i strike out. Oh, yeah. But hey,
I got a lot of bats.
What else do we got to talk about?
Let's talk about the first cup.
Yeah, I was going to say, you and
Bobby obviously got along much better later.
You assisted on the most famous
picture. Thank God.
I'm really lucky that I did that.
Sanderson to Hawk.
And he mumbled it. Don't mumble it.
Get it out there.
Did you realize right away that that play was going to be something immortal?
No.
That's all I had to do.
I knew Bobby would give it to me, and I knew he'd jump in from the point
because he always did because he was that fast, that quick.
And I missed the net.
The puck had gone around the boards, and I bring it off the post.
I think it hit the post.
It didn't run around.
And I was followed up by going behind the net because now it was out of play.
And Bobby jumped in, threw it to me, and then just cut for the net.
It's a very simple play.
You do it a lot, give and go.
And that was it.
And I saw it go through his legs.
I said, holy, we just won the Stanley Cup.
And I looked at the referee.
No penalties, right?
Okay.
And that was it.
So it took me a little second to see it.
And then the videos of the...
If they didn't trip him, if Noel Picard did not trip Bobby a second after he scored,
he wouldn't be airborne, and it wouldn't be the picture it is.
And it is such an incredible photo.
So the funny thing about the older Celebration, Stanley Cups,
or whatever sport, fans are on the ice with you guys.
Oh, yeah.
Are you just, like, shooting the shit with some random guy
who was running around celebrating?
I was on the ice, and I know it's the family.
Like I said, there wasn't a lot of
you could get there on the ice very easily.
Yeah.
There wasn't the high glass
and all that stuff so and then all these people on the ice slipping and sliding and shoes yeah
so it's this guy coming at me and i catch him out of the corner of my eye and i just drop my
shoulder into him it's my dad ah i said hey what are you doing i'm picking him up because that's
the only time you hit anybody. You know, serious.
Just assisted on the cup winner. Yeah, but I was a kid.
And I was 13.
And you had to have tax.
You know what I mean?
You had tax.
We're cool.
I mean, but they were expensive.
126.
124 on those days.
And my dad making 26 a week.
That's a month's pay for a pair of skates.
And he said, all right. And he said, Christmas. I 26 a week. That's a month's pay for a pair of skates.
And he said, all right.
And he said, Christmas, I got him at Christmas.
And I said, oh, wow.
And on one condition, he says, I get the first ring.
Never even thought about it.
I'm 13.
No way.
And I hit him.
He said, I got the ring.
That's a real story.
Yeah.
And I got it.
I gave it to him.
I got both of them. So Nancy, my wife, God bless.
She's a patient, very patient woman.
I got one now too, buddy.
Yeah, you're dead without them.
Yeah, yeah.
You're dead without them.
I mean, you get 40 years old, don't know where you're going.
You better find somebody quick.
Yeah, yeah.
So I take her to meet the family, and I said, she'd never seen the rings.
So I said, Dad, where are the rings?
And my dad gets up, oh, okay, sure.
He goes, in the hem of the curtain.
He sewed them into the hem of the curtain.
I said, Dad, what are you doing that for?
He goes, I don't want somebody breaking in.
They know my rings are here.
They'll steal them.
And I said, well, I probably wouldn't have looked at her, but, you know, good enough.
But he uncut the short ball to the frames.
No one's going to steal my curtains.
No.
They won't know.
You led the league in penalty minutes that playoffs, 72 penalty minutes.
I did.
I tell you what, you know what amazing how many penalty minutes they get today?
I remember a brawl.
I mean, it was at the end of the second period.
And they put the tag
the four minutes left. They put it on the
third period to get everybody off the ice.
It was an hour
and five minutes.
People were fighting each other and beating
them up. I went over the bench. I went up
the stands after Claude Ruel, the coach.
And it was insane.
Cashman choked
out one guy, Donnie. Choked him a little.
And
they're hitting from each
side, just nailing each other.
And I half-dressed.
Guys, you'll see that replay of it.
It's on. You can get it on there.
It's crazy. And I'm
trying to get at this guy, and the cop
won't let me back in the ice.
It's crazy. But it'm trying to get at this guy, and the cop won't let me back in the ice. So it's crazy.
But there was 34 minutes handed out.
That's it?
Oh, now there'd be 500. There was the three matching majors.
That's your 30, right?
Five.
There's six players.
Five each.
That's 30.
And the original hook that started it.
Who were the scariest guys of your era where guys were like,
oh, my God, we have to play
against this guy tonight? You'd look
at anybody with triple digits in the penalty
box. You play some
teams against six guys there. Whoa.
And I'd be the only guy in there. I don't
need that. But was there one guy like kind of like
a fictional character, almost like an
Ogie or the Thor? John Ferguson was
I would say it would be the toughest.
It's been Teddy Green.
How was tough, right?
Oh, yeah.
I remember when I was at Gordie Howell, right?
My dad, once again.
My dad says to me,
Hey, there was a kid in Toronto, right, in the 60s.
And he would make 5,200 playing with the Leafs.
He was a rookie.
And they weren't going to give you a rookie of the year that year
because he was the only rookie.
Remember, you only had 120 players.
Where were you going to go?
And a lot of minor leagues were really good.
But anyway, they went and got this player.
He wanted 6,000.
And he held out.
He won the Stanley Cup.
He wanted his 6,000.
And I said, no.
I said, listen, I'm not playing Gordie Howe 14 times, right, on 5,200.
It ain't worth it to me.
I could get a job somewhere else.
And he did.
So, and he did.
Gordie's that tough to play against.
Because it was that much punishment.
Yeah.
So, let me just say, the kid's name was John Spencer,
and my dad says, you tell him you're no John Spencer.
That was what I had to do the first night playing against Detroit.
So I'm at the face-off circle starting the game,
and John Ashley's referee said, hold it, John.
Skate over to him and on the wing.
He's leaning over with his neck a little twitchy, right?
And I said, hey, I'm no John Spencer fool.
Me, I'm going to hurt you.
I went back to the face.
He looked at me and said, I had two heads.
Hey, give me one of those.
Like a dog does.
So I dropped the puck, and it's in my feet, and plink.
Next thing I get, spell insults.
Johnny McKenzie says to me,
number nine, and I
said, what? He said,
cold, Derek, got you cold.
Come right from that, boom,
right into that elbow and that face
act like he was going for the puck.
I'm on the ice cold.
So I say to him, I said, hey, maybe
you didn't hear me, old man. You do that
again, I'm going to hurt you.
And we're going, and we were on the boards.
The next thing you know, I get a knuckle, and boom.
Rattled my teeth, cut my tongue.
Had too many people, so I said, I'm going to get you.
So now at the start of the second period, we're going in on an icing,
and he's going after it.
And one of the things in hockey that they should never have taken out
was that race for the puck and icing.
Oh.
That.
I don't like seeing those cartels.
No one likes that.
They know the guy's going to put you in the fourth row if he can't, right?
Touch icing.
Oh, don't do that.
Don't dump it in.
And some jerk always dumped it in.
And then you're always the first man to run.
Jeez, here it goes.
And you've got to go in and get a 6'4", 250.
So, I'm on Gordie.
I'm maybe a yard behind him.
He gets about 12 feet from the goal line, and I cross-check him on the neck.
And he goes in on the board's head first.
I said, oh, my God, I killed Gordie Howard.
I said, don't let that happen.
He ain't moving.
He's going all up. And I went, oh, don't let that happen. He ain't moving. He's going to lose.
And I went, oh, my God.
Get up.
Please get up.
And he unfolds.
He gets up.
And I went on for five years, that battle, every night.
And so I'm in a, finally I get to John D'Amico, the linesman.
I sent him in Detroit one day.
I said, hey, John, I'm going to sucker Howe.
He said, you grab him, and I won't throw a punch over your shoulder.
Derek, don't start that stuff.
Leave it alone.
And so it did.
And in the Olympia, you used to have to step up off the ice.
It was 18 inches high to go to the bench.
And Howe had just come off a shift, and he had tripped me.
I'm sliding on the fresh ice, looking like a penguin.
And I come back, and I spear him in the back.
And Lefty Wilson, their trainer, said, get that punk.
And he pushed him, and he was falling.
Well, it's great.
So I hit him a dandy, and that was it.
John D'Amico grabbed the foot, and I never threw another punch.
But it was you.
Gordie was, he'd carve you up.
He could be 18 right here at dawn.
Gordie Howe gave you stitches in your forehead.
Yeah, he just turned the blade over and pulled it.
You never took the puck.
You took the puck off, he's going to hurt you.
And he was.
Did you wear any type of wrist protectors or?
Oh, no.
Just boom, right on bone, all the time.
You guys used to slash each other like you were playing swords.
Well, I tell you what, I was watching that 100 years of hockey.
They had the Bruins.
And they have the fight with Greeny and the stick fight over the top.
Yeah, Wayne Mackey, right?
Yeah, and they have it.
That's the one Greeny got caught on.
We used to do it all the time.
There are other ones.
I mean mean you're
cut in on a you're cut in today you can't reach in it's like basketball you can't reach in for the
ball wait a minute awful league and it was a two-hander from the top and i mean i my arms went
numb on me more than once just do it well i gotta ask you so gordie howe was obviously a superstar
was he dirtier than most players compared to standards back then?
Or was he normal?
No, he was just tough.
He was retaliatory.
He was the type of  there were guys that wouldn't retaliate.
Well, I mean, you just told me he gave you 18 stitches in the forehead.
So I was kind of like  I think it was a fair question.
Johnny McKenzie said that.
The same thing.
I'm coming off the ice bleeding.
Get stitches and you're number nine.
Number nine.
Just in case you're wondering who did that.
Mackenzie was funny.
Back in the early 70s, you guys basically owned this town.
I mean, you won two cups.
It was like a traveling party.
Did you have a shack down in Point of Pines in the hunt?
Basically, it was just like a potty house.
Oh, you heard about that house.
You were the Dallas Cowboys.
You were the Dallas Cowboys White House, but it was where?
Sorry?
No, it was in the hunt, but a couple of players lived there.
Oh, yeah.
And it was a big Victorian.
It was crazy.
We had some nice, fun nights there.
But, I mean, yeah, it was good times.
What do you remember the first Stanley Cup or both about the celebration around here?
Where was the parade route
then? I had never been in a
parade. Oh they didn't have them. No no I would
never have been in one. So they're going on to
City Hall.
So I'm in the back of the convertible and
it's insane.
People like you know the kid on
the front row. The guy
in the 40th throws push in that kid.
They push and they get into you and they're trying to get between the cars.
Why would you get between cars?
Driving, what, four miles an hour.
We ran over a kid's leg.
The kid was maybe about 12.
Get pushed under the leg, and the car popped over.
It was stupid.
I jumped out of the car.
I just jumped out of it.
Bobby had his shirt ripped off.
It was insane.
And he had a necklace.
He had his jewelry gone.
People were just grabbing you, ripping you.
So I jumped on one of the paddy wagons.
It was a petting zoo.
Yeah, no, but there was a paddy wagon there.
I said, please.
They used to pick you up with paddy wagons.
Yes, so you'd seen it off before you started.
I got right in the back, sat there, went beautiful.
Oh, my God.
And that's it.
Take me to the city hall.
And the second time, we came back, and people parked in Callahan Tunnel.
Wow.
No way.
Left their car there and went to the airport to get the flight from New York.
You know, you ever see the TV series Twilight Zone?
Oh, yeah.
Where the guy in the window is on the plane and there's a guy's face in the window? I'm sitting there, I look in the window is on the plane, and there's a guy's face in the window?
I'm sitting there, look out the window,
and on the wing, there's a guy.
Hey!
I'm going, oh, my God, you're insane.
Now, what we used to do was always send Bobby first.
Okay, Bobby.
And everybody would run to him, and we'd go right.
So Bobby would go left, we'd go right.
Nobody bother you.
Does anybody want his autograph they
won't mind he kind of runs downhill but after a while and i went getting they didn't have nearly
enough state troopers in the concourse and i'm looking at it from the window i'm this is insanity
people and the troopers were all around bobby but they i said oh, so I went to the Eastern Airlines was
You know this guy chef thing they hooked and I said to imagine what the top coat was
Come on, but still kind of chilly said top coat and give it to us. Give me your overalls
And the guy gave me his Eastern Airlines overalls a little hat with that earphone and the sticks
And I went down on the truck and went over to the hangar and got hammered.'s all of it i didn't know i'm not gonna go in there people are crazy this guy's just a worker
for the airline yeah and he said oh yeah nice top coat i mean he probably didn't have one that night
and i said yeah but yeah oh my god that's so so i i mean i've been told that you wanted 70 you
wanted 72 but 71 was was the best team you guys had.
Oh, best team ever.
Well, who'd you lose to that year?
What happened for you guys to not get the three-peat?
Well, it could have been five in a row.
Montreal got in the way.
And Montreal got this rookie guy, the sensation at the time.
We'd beaten him all year, no problem.
But Ken Dryden, and he was the
first goalie that was 6'4".
From college, Cornell, too.
Cornell, yeah. 6'4".
Big, sprawly
type of kid.
And you'll go, and you know, like today,
like Tuka Rask,
the goalies were all that size
in the old days.
The goalies weren't big, and their shoulders would always be below the crossbar
and stuff like that, right?
But this kid was.
So your hands, when you go down and come across, your hands are a certain place, right?
But you're 6'4", they're up here.
So you put the puck where you've been putting it since you were 10,
and uh-uh, there's a glove there.
And he got a lot of, he sprawled, and he big wide,
and he made some tremendous saves, and very, very lucky on a lot of them.
So he came in right before playoffs?
Yeah, and stoned it.
How old was he at the time?
He just out of Cornell.
Yeah, because he was technically a rookie the next year.
Yeah, he hadn't played 20 games, so he was a rookie the next year.
So then you guys met them in playoffs.
They ended up beating you.
They went on to win it?
They went on to win it, yeah.
We never beat Montreal in playoffs.
Yeah, didn't do it until Neely came.
Neely was the first.
You were announcing that.
And I was pumped.
Did you get a chance to meet Dryden off the ice? No, I wouldn't talk to him. No, no, I had to fight with him. I was pumped. Did you get a chance to meet Dryden off the ice?
No, I had to fight with him.
I jumped him.
I don't like him.
He's a lawyer.
That's how it is.
Nowadays, we call it tummy sticks.
Where guys before games are hitting each other in the shin pad.
Hey man, how you doing?
All the wife and kids.
I don't know. I can't understand that.
And like I said, neither one of you got
as you stepped over center ice in the warm-up.
It was a brawl.
Right.
It was a brawl.
You just didn't know.
It was their half.
Were there any players from other organizations
that you would go and have a beer with off the ice?
Wow.
I was at, and after my rookie year,
I was in Oshawa, Ontario,
big in the rink where Bobby Earl was.
He had a big rink.
It was sort of Boy Scouts, whatever it was,
big charity.
And Eddie Shackley came in.
And the head speaker, the keynote speaker,
was John Ferguson.
And we came in and John Ferguson said, why are they here?
And he said, well, they're going to say a few words.
He goes, not with me here.
He got up and left.
Never talked to either one of us and left.
Just because you were on the roads.
John Ferguson, he was constantly.
And I remember when I was a kid, when I was young.
I was eight or nine years old, and my aunt took me to the Maple Leaf Gardens to watch Montreal.
She's a big Montreal fan.
And the Canadians are going on a train across the street in Toronto and take the train to Chicago.
So I'm there.
My aunt gives me a piece of paper.
I never got an autograph in my life.
Like I told you, I was always afraid of rejection.
So she pushes me out in front, right?
And there's Beliveau, right?
And Jean Beliveau was a big man.
And he was, whoa, he was the real deal, right?
He was a superstar in the 16th league.
So I went and put my little pad and paper out, and he pushed me.
And he caught me in the face, right?
No, no, no, no, because he trained me.
Because he didn't speak much English.
And then, so he, no, no, because we were in a hurry.
And they got to understand, they were right across the street and out the door.
And you missed the train, you missed the train.
You don't play the next night.
So you had to catch the train.
They didn't hold it for a hockey team.
So I said, I'm going to give you a beating.
And my first game in Montreal, and we're along there,
and the whistle blew, we're scrubbing along in the corner.
I said, I remember there used to be some autographs, and I hit him.
And John Ferguson went ballistic.
He couldn't get over the net quick enough to protect him.
And Bellable never fought anybody.
He was a pretty classy guy.
And I only hit him once.
I forgot to sign him an autograph.
And Fergie went goofy and wanted to kill me.
I started a big brawl.
And I got in two fights.
I was with Harper and somebody else.
And Teddy Harris says, you center ice.
I went, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You don't want to get beat up. I couldn't even lift
my arms anymore. Two fights already
I had. And I went to
Center Ice. It was an exhibition game.
There's no two points here. What are you doing?
So I go to Center Ice
and I'm just,
you know, I'm ready.
I'm not going to back down.
And so I'm not going to turtle or nothing.
And so let's go.
And over my right shoulder, my first training camp,
and over my right shoulder comes Teddy Green.
And he said to Harris, you want him?
You got me.
He goes, no, no, Teddy.
No, I got nothing to do with you.
You do if you got him.
Wow.
What a teammate.
What a teammate.
Yeah.
That's how it was.
He stepped in and shot it right down.
All it was was verbal.
Teddy Harris was turning around.
And turned away.
Wow.
That happened a lot.
So your teammates were important to you.
And they had to watch your back.
Do you think he did that because he's like,
dude, this guy's already gone twice tonight.
It's my turn to step up for him?
Yeah, well, he had one himself.
He already beat up somebody.
He'd give it to Terry Harper.
Poor Terry Harper.
He never won in his life.
I thought, man, geez, Terry, you're not very good at this.
So would softer players.
Six foot three.
Big guy.
Would softer players.
Reminds you of someone I know.
Would softer players get shunned away by the team if they weren't carrying their weight physically?
Is that unless...
Yeah, yeah.
If you did a Dixie on something, yeah, your teammates do that.
They call you out in the locker room?
Yeah, if you pulled up and you checked up and going in the corner,
let the other guy go first, yeah.
Let's just put that shit.
You can't pull that.
You get in the corner, get in, get out.
Now, Ricky Middleton was never a tough guy, right?
One of the greatest players ever played.
Ricky got in and out with the puck before you could hit him.
And then he'd push it and jump away.
And he'd always come out with the puck.
So there's a way to do it.
But if you check up, you better make sure you come out of the corner with it.
Fair enough.
All right, what do you got, bro?
Derek, when you played, you were a checker extraordinaire,
a hell of a penalty killer.
There was no Selkie trophy.
I believe it was your last year in the NHL.
They introduced the Selkie trophy.
You certainly would have won a few of them when you played.
What was it about the defensive side of the game that you liked so much?
Because most players hate playing that side of the park,
but you seemed to relish it.
Well, I won the scoring race in junior,
and you get MVP of the league in junior before you turn pro.
I mean, I could get points if I wanted to,
but I had Bill Goldsworthy who was my right winger.
We had some talent in junior.
But when you get in a situation and you do what you have to do for the team.
My rookie year, I was a left point in power play.
And that was three lines were making up the power play.
And Harry Sinden is the definitive hockey mind ever.
And Harry Sinden says, I can't.
That screws up three lines.
And it's a three-line mentality then.
And there was no fourth line.
So he said, I can't.
So he said to me, Derek, you've got to come off the power play,
and I want you to take penalty killing to an art form.
I said, how am I going to get paid?
I mean, you're not going to get points to get paid to get the big money.
He goes, you and I and the teammates will know what you're doing.
And I gave it up, and I went there with Westfall.
But people don't remember, we were really good, Westfall and I.
But Bobby Orr was on for every penalty.
He used to go running that three, four times.
He would hold onto it for the whole PK, right?
I've seen him do it in a minute and a half.
Yeah, he'd kick it, boom, overskate it,
pick it again, turn it.
How much of the game?
Go all the way up and all the way back.
How much of the game would he play?
Because back then you would have what, six defensemen?
Bobby was, I mean his in 1971 i think
he was plus minus he was plus 148 148 okay i was plus 56 and i was on residuals on the checking
line yeah it was yeah there was things that went on there. We're going to have to stat check that. Was he actually a plus? Oh, yeah.
Plus 124 in the 71, did you say?
Is that?
Yeah, 1971 plus 124.
Was it 124?
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
I'm okay with you dressing it up another 25.
That's cool.
No, I mean, like I said, I light you up with stories.
I've got to entertain myself.
I've got to come up with a better, more astounding number.
200 next time.
But if the game, was he playing over 30 minutes, you think?
How much time, what was his time on ice?
I would say Bobby could probably play 42, 45 minutes.
Esposito.
He probably was.
Esposito went through my line and Stanfield's line
and started in Minnesota as part of the third period.
He went through his two shifts, went through my line once my wingers then went through my
Freddie Stanfield's wingers and then he come back to his own and then there was a power play Phil
was on the ice for the first 13 and a half minutes of the third period you never get tired he floated
and did what he did and he get around the net and go in yeah so um there's a there's a famous uh
like Toronto Maple Leafs training camp invitation.
I think it's from 63, right around then,
where it talks about what you guys were expected to do.
Now, I know you were just a little after that,
but what you guys were expected to do physically-wise in training camp.
20 push-ups, 20 sit-ups, 30 knee bends.
Were you even trained?
What was it like in the off-season?
Not a...
If you could see the no he's giving us.
Did you not get a little anxiety being like,
oh, God, I got to go through this fucking not being in shape?
All the point, you used training camp to get in shape.
Not even a subject.
It's not a topic.
You'd take your skates off at the end of the playoff game.
You'd put them on the first day of camp.
And the first day of camp is always good because that's when you have the photos.
So you have your photo, you skate around, talk,
and you get the knowledge of bullshit.
The next day they start a practice.
And I was my rookie year.
When I wasn't rookie of the year until the next year,
I'm pretty confident I could stay with the team, right?
And these kids were flying.
And once again, I said to McKenzie, I said,
whoa, they're fast, these
guys. Are we that fast?
And he said, oh, yeah.
Tell me what they're doing
in three weeks. And I already thought
about it. Three weeks later
they were gone.
It was, you know, just we had
to catch up to it.
But it was an endurance.
Harrison had an exercise.
He would move the nets into the gold crease, right?
And you'd skate around the nets. First day of camp, you did it five times each way.
Half speed.
He'd groove you in.
And then six the next day.
And the next day was seven.
By the end of camp, you're doing this a lot.
And it's an endurance thing.
It builds endurance.
He used to do blue line, red line, blue line, red line, blue line,
red line, half speed.
You ever do that?
Make a comeback?
And that will get you in shape and endure.
You can last a long
time hockey is an extremely aerobic sport is the only reason you change lines on the fly
when you get out there and it's you got the endurance in your lungs if you sat down for
seven eight nine ten seconds you could go again That's why there's only three lines. Well, it used to go for a minute
and a half. Long shifts
you guys have. Yeah, long shifts.
You'd have two or three times up the ice.
If they caught you in your own hand and you're running
around, that's the
aerobic part. And then you get
winded. And if they can change,
well, you do that. Wow.
You're caught. You're dead.
You're 90 feet from the bench,
and that's when you've got to just, at all costs, get it out.
Now they consider getting caught out there, you being about 35 seconds into your shift,
and they flip the lines over.
It's amazing how much I believe the pace has picked up because of the rule changes.
And the rule changes are what allows it.
And you seem to think that it, like I said to Frank,
I watched the best of Bobby R one night when I was doing the broadcast.
It was an old VHS thing and I was watching it and Bobby was beating everybody.
Like we were all standing around.
Bobby's spinning out.
And I'm about seven, eight, ten minutes into it,
and I said to my wife, I said,
Dan, is it just me, or is that slow?
She goes, yeah.
She said, it looks pretty slow to me, too.
And I've talked about it before.
And I went to the game that night, and I said to Fred Cusick,
I said, I was watching the best of Bobby Orr
and he was looking fast but nobody else was.
Were we that slow? He goes, no,
no, you're the same speed as Milt Schmidt
in the 40s, 50s.
Because he did the games.
And he said, you're the same speed. Nobody gets
any faster. It was all first step
speed and endurance.
And he says, it's a myth.
What they did is they experimented in Maple Leaf Gardens
because they knew, the brass at Maple Leaf Gardens
knew that television was coming
and television was going to be the lifeblood of hockey.
Chicago never did it for 20 years.
Then they finally did get with it.
But they experimented where the camera would be. Chicago never did it for 20 years. Then they finally did get with it.
But they experimented where the camera would be.
How to make them look. 25 feet up, 80 feet up in the corner.
You can't take two because you put two up there,
you're taking only 22 seats.
So it didn't make sense.
So they went around around they found it at center ice 25 feet high right and
they would pan and that's all i did one camera that's all i watched it they didn't focus in
they didn't come back and none of that in and out none of this now there i was when i was doing the
broadcast they brought that in and i argued the point they were going
to get uh they want to have minute 60 second commercials for a period you can't do that
destroys hockey destroys the game the tempo to get a nice thing come back it's 30 it's 25 seconds
35 seconds tops right and you got to come back for the face-off so you could throw in a quick
commercial come back 30 seconds and you would never miss the game it's just a constant flow for
you i went to the playoff game last year uh with uh you know you hold the flag and yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah so i get i get and I'm looking at it,
and I cannot believe the guys are out there.
Bergeron, by the two-minute mark, was on three times.
They were playing four and a half minutes, four minutes.
Two-minute commercials.
The guys just stood around.
It was like four games in the first period,
four games in the second period.
Where's the flow?
I agree it's such a long experience now
Yeah
And you get to sit
How can I keep my anger up
My emotions
Everything was going
Everything's working
And now I'm sitting
And if you're on the fourth line
What's your chance?
What is your chance?
You're not getting to get out there So Derek And if you're on the fourth line, what's your chance? What is your chance? Oh, yeah. I'm getting on a bond.
You're not going to get out there.
So, Derek, things are seemingly going pretty good for you in Boston.
Two cups in three years.
Both for the WHA, which for people unfamiliar, the World Hockey Association,
they were an upstart league back in the 70s trying to take on the NHL.
You left with some good dough.
Was it strictly a money move?
Was it an ego move? Was it indicative of other shit going on in your life? A little bit of
everything. I don't know if they put this
story in the book, but I did.
I made 8,000 my rookie year.
I won rookie of the year.
They gave me a 1,000 raise.
And we win the cup
and I'm making 13,000.
I'm going, wait a second.
And so I got Rookie of the Year.
I held out.
And actually, Weston Adams Sr., the owner, flew in to London, got a room, sent Derek over here.
And I sat there, and he said, is this your signature?
I said, yeah.
He said, if you know it, it's a three-year contract.
Were you happy when you signed it?
I said, yeah.
I made a good business move, didn't I?
Yeah?
You didn't.
Come get me after the three years.
So I decided I'd never hold out again.
I mean, I would never sign multiple years again.
So I was available for the WHA in June of 72.
There was a Judge Higginbottom in Philadelphia
stopped Bobby Hull and the WHA
because the clause you fought in court
was without compensation.
So you could be a free agent without compensation men but you went there you didn't run out of the contract you could go it was a labor law that's
all and that was the key is not have uh the compensation would kill you. If I got you to come to my team, but I got to give you him,
I'm always saying, oh, it's improvement.
I need both of you.
And that's how you get better.
So Bobby Hall was stopped.
WHA, World Hockey Association, was stopped.
And then they came to me in Boston because I was holding on.
And once again, McKenzie was the player coach.
Right? And so Pye says, you get Derek. You get him. because I was holding on. And once again, McKenzie was the player coach, right?
And so Pye says, you get Derek.
You get him.
He got some moves.
And so they offered me, and I'm making 13, looking at 25,000, right?
Now I want, after two cups, I want 80.
And the Bruins budgeted me for 75.
That's it.
They wouldn't move.
No.
Business deal.
And that's where the Bruins were, always like that.
That's why you lost Harry Sinden in 71.
Nobody wants to understand that.
Harry Sinden wasn't the coach in 71.
Tommy Johnson went. You went with a total rookie because Harry Sinden wanted like 1,500 more after he won the cup.
And I said, no.
And he went to sell prefabricated housing in Rochester, smartest money the game ever had.
And they let him go for 1,500.
And if you want to go back over the news at the time, I said, you just cost us the Stanley Cup.
I didn't know he wasn't the coach.
And that was headlines.
That was headlines.
That was headlines at the time.
Right?
Sanderson says losing Sinden is going to cost him a Stanley Cup.
And it did.
I think it was in Record American.
And you guys don't understand how good he is.
This isn't a matter of opening a door and sending people out on the ice one after another.
It's every night.
Every night, Harry Sinden would come to you and give you something to think about that's where i need you here can i not think about makita tonight can you shut makita down so i
don't have to worry about yeah and you do your job he's going to five or six other people same way
and they change different people different nights and he he got to thinking like the psychological aspect
he was so superior to anybody else and naturally he did it naturally he loved the game he knew the
game was he was he a very hard coach or was he no no no one coach in our day one trainer in our day. One trainer in our day.
No video.
So I said to Harry, I said, each other team's using video.
Why don't you?
He said, Derek, let me tell you something.
If I put a video of you and doing this and doing that, and the video's there,
you know what you'll say?
Yeah, no, no, Harry, you got it wrong.
That's my man over here.
That's where I was going. The player will beat you up.
But when he can't remember either, you can scream at him and you win.
And the player goes, did I do that?
Did I do that?
And you run the tell.
I don't know.
But Harry, what the hell are you doing?
What are you thinking?
You go to school to be that stupid?
And I would go, well, I don't know.
Why? I don't know. Why?
I don't know.
Players don't know what they're doing.
And their coach keeps you in line.
Back to the WHA, when you got there, was there a party that said,
oh, it's not the NHL?
You missed it?
Or were you actually really enjoying it that year?
Oh, no, no.
I was the first one to jump back.
Yeah, because it's so hard to know but what i did is i took that now i got i'm and i got
big money i'm glad you got back to that because a little bit of a tangent there you were the
highest paid hockey hockey player athlete athlete i they gave me uh so i walk in and and my partner
from bachelor from daisy's we're going together and the guy from Philadelphia, Jim Cooper, he's a Philadelphia lawyer.
He owned 50 of the team for guaranteeing the franchise price of 175,000.
The other guy, Bernie Brown, he owned 50 of the team for guaranteeing the salaries.
So Jim Cooper was giving me Bernie Brown's money.
So I go there and he says, we'd like to offer you 2 million, 300,000.
I was stunned.
It looks like a telephone number.
And I'm going, boy, that really makes 25,000 look small.
And I was living off the bars.
I didn't have nightclubs.
I couldn't live. And i had to get a job in
the summertime so that's the way it was back then so now i'm going two two million three hundred
thousand and i'm don't say anything for maybe four or five ticks and i looked at my partner, Joey Cimino, and I said, Joey. And he goes, blank, the number.
And I said, I don't know.
He says, I'm authorized to go as high as 2,006,000.
Oh, my.
He gave me 300,000 in 15 seconds.
You got 100,000 when you were Rookie of the Year from the Bruins.
1,000.
I get a 1,000 raise, and now this guy's going to give me 300,000 for pausing?
I said, wow, I like this.
They don't know hockey, these guys.
So, and then I fooled around with it.
And then my dad brought me up to be loyal.
If somebody's good to you, always defend them.
And he was good to me.
When I was 15 years old,
half-bams who owned the junior team
gave him one pick a year for bringing us,
giving us cast-off Bruins equipment.
It was secondhand, boink.
But we had all the Bruins stuff, right?
And I had Cal Gardner on my underwear with 20 numbers X'd out.
So long as this pair of underwear stayed together.
So I end up and I say to him, well, I said to Jimmy,
I said, you know, I really owe Wesley Adams Sr. a lot.
He picked me when no one else did.
Harold Cotton said I wouldn't make it.
Milt Schmidt said I wouldn't make it.
Harry Sinem probably did too.
So all the Bruins' minds went
eh.
And the old man said, at 15 years old,
he said, I want you. I want
Derek. And half-bimp says, no, no.
He can't make it. He won't
be a player. He said, that's the one I want.
And that was one player guaranteed
a year to be on the bench. Signed.
And that's where I sat.
And on the end of the bench, my 15-year-old.
And you learn from watching.
And you're watching Junior. Now you're not confused by it
after all, or intimidated by it, because you've been
watching it so close for so long.
When you get into it, you know what you're doing.
So, I said,
okay, fine.
And I got to tell Wes and Adam Sr.
So I went to his home in Marblehead.
I'm not going to go in and tell him.
Mr. Adams, I'm here for your advice.
You were good to me when I was 15.
I owe you that.
He looks at the contract, and he said, rogues and thieves.
Man never swore.
Rogues and thieves.
He says, this is really for real.
Wow.
I never believed this was for real.
They're throwing this kind of money around.
They'll all go broke.
But not the Boston Bruins.
And I said, what do you want me to do?
And he said, I'm getting a sense that there's a certain amount of loyalty here.
I said, yeah, you were good to me.
I told you.
I owe you that.
certain amount of loyalty here i said yeah you were good to me i told you i owe you that he says and i was at the time holding out for 80 000 and the bruins slaughtered me for 75 and that 5 000
was the only reason i wasn't signed and he said it stunned me you know what he said
you're willing to stay with us i said yeah he says admirable uh under the circumstances
we'll give you the 80.6 million this guy just will give you the 80 never broke stride
and i'm standing there in a social bar and I go what we'll give you that five you want
can you believe that
I'm stunned
and I'm going okay
and I said okay
he said would you do me a favor
he said yeah
he had cancer
he was getting ill
and he said would you sign with my son
I said yeah Wesley Jr.
so I went
back to the garden said, would you sign with my son? I said, yeah, Wesley Jr. So, good kid. So I went and
went back to the
garden and
I said to him,
you know, people find out I turned down
2.6 million for this.
All team bonuses, nothing personal.
Right? Because on your defensive
player, all the bonuses have to go on
how the team plays and where you
go. And everything was tied to that.
So,
I ended up playing. I got the pen
in my hand. And I hated
this one guy in management that always wrote the
budget out. And that's it. You're it. And he
was the guy that was going to
be the guy. And I didn't
like him. We didn't get along. And I said,
John Smith, whatever his name
is, I don't want to say his name,
but I said, if he's in anything to do with this,
I'm out.
I'm out of here.
And he said, Mr. Senior said to me,
Derek, you will not be in the building.
I said, okay.
And I went and I told this kid that.
And Wesley Jr. said, and he hands me the pen and I'm signing it.
And the guy sticks his head in the door
and says, I still think you're only worth 75 threw the
pen out of him i said i'm out of here so i was staying at the bruins i wasn't didn't want to
leave this town i want one guy made you not sign that yeah jerry cheevers pretty well the same way
so he jumped the same reason that's you know and we were all really, really, really close team. And I'm leaving, you know, the likes of Orrin, Chevers, McKenzie,
and Busick, and Esposito, but we were winning.
Enough to make you consider to stay when you're getting offered a ridiculous.
Way too much fun.
I own four nightclubs.
I never thought I would ever, yeah.
You signed that contract, your whole entire family's set for the rest of their lives.
That's what he said.
This is your family's security.
But you know what Wes and Anna Senior also said to me?
Derek, if you took this money, you would rue the day you took this money.
It'll eat you alive.
That's what I mean.
Wealth.
Players don't know how to handle wealth.
Wealth is earned, not given, overnight.
And he said, it'll eat you up.
And it did in a heartbeat.
And I was the first player to understand what big money was.
I make it more than Namath, more than Orr, more than,
and I had 2,600,000.
Well, Pele was in the Cosmos that year in soccer.
And I said, give me 50,000 more.
He says, you know, I'll be the largest, highest.
He goes, okay.
He gave it to me.
Just so you could be more than that.
Yeah, and then we had yellow and orange uniforms.
And I want to tell you, you get a hangover, boy, you walk in that room, you had it.
Oh, what's this here?
But there were a lot of good players in the WHA
because the league was really a lot better at the time,
could have held a lot more players than it did.
But when you took that money and you go there,
so I bought a Rolls Royce.
You know, it was raining out.
It had nothing to do.
And I went by Keenan Motors.
And I should have eaten at the camp, I was going to a movie.
And second day of camp.
And I said, I never seen a Rolls Royce.
Waited out, jumped out.
I had a jean jacket on, long hair down here, right?
Hadn't shaved in four or five days.
And I walk in, and there's this showroom
and beautiful, beautiful cars.
And there's one sales guy.
He's at a desk, and I said,
Hey, what's the best car you got here?
It's going to be that one over there, sir.
British type, you know.
So I go over.
I'm going to go in, sit in it, and it's locked.
Yo, it's locked.
He walks up to me, three-piece suit, watch fob, the whole thing.
And he says to me, well, sir, if you take notice,
this is a long wheel-based silver shadow limousine.
Perhaps if you purchased it, you'd be sitting in the back,
which I never thought of.
I said, okay.
And I get out, and I'm going in the back. He said, oh, that's better. I had a phone. I said, okay. And I got out and went in the back.
I said, oh, that's better.
I had a phone.
I had trades like in an airplane.
This is good.
And now I need a driver.
But, I mean, you know, what are you going to do with a Rolls Royce?
So I said, all right.
I didn't even dick her.
I didn't even argue the price.
It was 68,000 or 78,000.
And I didn't know if the money was real because I'd never signed a check.
And I gave my lawyer's number, and money's good.
Oh, my God.
So now I'm sick.
I got a Rolls Royce.
I don't even know where to park it.
And I got it just because this guy insults me about sitting in the back.
I had gotten out, and I watched him.
It was an ego thing.
Yeah, and I kicked the tires.
I said, what's it get to the gallon?
And the guy says, oh, excuse me, I don't know.
I said, you sell these?
You don't know?
He goes, well, sir, there's a phrase, penny wise, pound foolish come to mind.
I don't believe anyone's ever checked the mileage of a Rolls.
I said, am I?
So now, I get out.
Buyer's remorse?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I said, you, give me the owner.
And Mr. Keenan gets in the back room.
I said, I'll buy this car today.
I drive it off the lot right through those windows at 5 o'clock.
They didn't even give me
anything like a lessons on where things were he's left with it and i was sick so now i'm going back
and the money is done i if he's not ready at five i'm off the hook you don't even want to buy this
no and he the window slides open i'm 24 years old and the window slides open. I'm 24 years old. And the window slides open.
So I get in, and as I'm going by, the guy goes,
Next time a young kid comes in here with some cash, treat him right.
Because Keenan Motors was part of the deal.
The salesman never got the commission.
So the salesman took care of the car, went out, turned right on Broad Street.
Five blocks, ran out of gas.
Guy never put any gas in it.
That motherfucker.
I wanted to go back and kill him.
I said, well, maybe it's not.
Maybe I shouldn't be getting enrolled.
Derek, that is incredible.
I mean, I can't thank you enough for coming on.
Well, we've got to get you on again.
No, we've definitely got to do a pod, too, because we didn't even get to the second half of his career
and all the life lessons you have to impart.
So we're back here in April.
Would you come with us again?
Sure.
I love it.
I love it.
That's all.
I'll talk to my wife.
I'll talk to my wife.
She sees this and I've gone overboard.
We're dead.
Hey, tell her we'll get her a Rolls Royce.
Derek Sanderson.
Thank you so much.
Thanks so much, Derek.
It was an honor.
Thank you so much, Derek Sanderson.
Like we said, first of hopefully many.
What a guy.
Absolute beauty, man.
That was a fun interview.
Like I said, this guy's a legend in this neck of the woods,
so it was great talking to him.
I got a message on Twitter from a listener who was pretty bummed out.
He was supposed to do a road trip with his dad.
They had plans for a long time in the making, but they couldn't swing it.
And getting tickets was part of the deal.
But one of our other listeners reached out and said,
hey, buddy, whenever the season picks back up or whenever you get out here,
I'll take care of you for tickets. So it was pretty cool, man. I'll tell you, anytime we're at and said, hey, buddy, whenever the season gets back up or whenever you get out here, I'll take care of you for tickets.
So it was pretty cool, man.
I'll tell you, anytime we're at a function, man,
like, and someone wants to take a picture,
but you don't want a selfie,
everybody's always like,
you can just grab any other chick that's listening
and they'll automatically, like, hook you up,
take a picture.
Everybody's, like, so cool when we have our function.
So it's cool to see it translating to online as well.
And Grinnell, the person who offered that up with sending a merch package. That's cool to see it translate into online as well. And Grinnell, the person who offered that up,
let's send him a merch package.
That's cool shit.
We got such a nice little cult following.
It's like a big family.
Yeah.
And also I heard, you know,
Vegas and other cities that are struggling.
I talked to somebody, they were at a sports book,
and there was eight hours.
They were there.
One wager was placed.
There was a five-dollar wager on a car race.
So sports book there,
there is dead as Dillinger right now because of a lack of sports.
And I've gotten a few questions from people,
you know,
about futures and props and stuff like that.
Just,
you know,
wherever the action was put in check with that particular place,
every,
everybody has their own rules.
So there's no one answer for everything.
But if seasons do get canceled,
typically most places will do a refund
if it was live in person action or they'll just call it no action if you didn't have to put the
dough up so again if you have action check with wherever the action was placed hey how about this
one so i i i had five matchups first round matchups the first round of the players Thursday. And I won the first one, lost the next three.
And the fifth one, I don't remember who it was,
but he has 10 feet left and he can three putt from 10 feet to win the matchup.
But he didn't finish his first round.
So I'm saying if they don't give me that as a win, that was a win.
It was a guaranteed win.
I don't know how that's going to go down.
All right, boys. We were just talking about
Vegas a second ago. We know
a Vegas trip can take the wind out of your
sails a little bit. That's why you want to make sure
you pack your DHM Detox. Right, Paul?
I got a new iPhone. It's
big print. Look out for this ad read.
DHM Detox is your go-to
drinking buddy. If you're crushing a zillion beers, a Pink Whitney, or a Quarantini, make sure
you don't waste the next day. There's a common misconception about hangovers that needs to be
cleared up. Most people think they're caused by dehydration, but that's only 20 of the picture,
folks. The most obvious problem to solve with
water and electrolytes or eating a full meal. But the science says that 80 of the problem is caused
by the buildup of toxins in your system from the breakdown of alcohol. DHM detox helps boost your
body's natural response to alcohol to break those toxins down so you can get back to doing what you love to do the next day.
No more bullshit nausea, no more brain fog or anxiety the next day.
It's basically a vitamin-free drink.
DHM Detox is a blend of natural ingredients, antioxidants, and vitamins that are optimized to help fight off the toxins while you're drinking.
Bounce back.
Take two capsules after your first few drinks
and double up with another packet if you're having big night.
DHM needs to be part of your drinking routine.
DHM Detox is 100 risk-free purchase on your first box.
If you don't feel better after taking the product,
they'll refund you on one box.
Just shoot them a message.
This is a no-brainer.
The team has free U.S. shipping
and quicker shipping to Canada.
And of course,
we're going to hit the guys
with a promo code.
Just a heads up over,
just heads up over
to dhmdetox.com
and use promo code biz20
for 20 off your order.
That's dhmdetox.com.
All right, there you go. That was not bad. Boom getting a little rest of your life that's all right to your life yeah i was getting
a little fatigued at the end there that's right i think uh i think the the bigger font because
it's a bigger iphone it's a big big help oh yeah i get um all right you know who we have to shout
out is i sent a tweet but all the the high school and junior players out there,
I think of the seniors in high school and college too.
I kind of forgot that.
You feel so bad for that last year just taken away from you the way it was.
So there's so many  I mean, local hockey teams, I've heard stories.
Arlington High was  it's a local team.
All four years these kids stayed together.
Nobody went to private school.
And, you know, they get their season just taken away from them,
along with the other teams who are ready to play for a state title.
So that goes around everywhere.
And you just got to shout those kids out because a lot of those kids,
whether it's high school or college,
are never really going to play again at a competitive level.
So that really sucks.
And that was definitely the worst part. Well, really sucks, and that was definitely the worst part.
Well, take that back.
People dying is the worst part.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
That really made me feel for all those kids.
And then the other thing that I wanted to mention is my wife was telling me, like, in Boston public school systems,
they're closed for six weeks starting on Tuesday,
and it's like 30, 40, 50 of these kids, that's like their one meal a day is the meal at school.
I think if your school systems are shut down and there's two, four, five weeks taken off,
you got to donate food if you can because there's so many kids that need those school meals
and they need food.
Where would you go to do that?
You can check with your town.
Boston has four different spots you can drop off.
I'll tweet it out there.
That's what my girlfriend was talking about, how some of these kids,
that's their only meal a day.
I didn't even realize that.
There's so many things you don't think about that are affecting people.
I know we've made little cracks and stuff.
I don't  guys, some of us need humor in order to get us out of the situation.
Yeah, we need a little humor.
But we're not  yeah, we're not making light of the situation as far as it's concerned.
So we'll do a few things in order to help out.
Yeah, I mean, the last school, of course, I was  before I went full-time at Boston,
for those who didn't know, I was a school custodian.
It used to be hilarious.
Now, I can tell these stories now, but, like, there were some interviews.
I'd literally be in a janitor's closet, and, like, we'd have a Hall of Famer,
and, like, I'm praying, like, the school bell wouldn't go off
while we get, like, fucking Adam Oates in there and shit.
So I did.
I worked at a school for a while.
And another issue with it is a lot of these kids are fucking homeless, man.
Like, these kids, like, they don't even have a home.
They're fucking living out of wherever we're relatives or friends.
And it's like this sad situation.
So not only getting food,
uh,
they had to have a close,
like a closed shelter at our school too,
for kids who are homeless.
So there's a lot of kids in some tough situations.
It does suck.
But I was thinking to him,
like,
well,
if I was still in the job,
like for the next six weeks,
I don't know if we'd have custodians still have to go to work.
Cause there's nothing to do. There's nothing to clean, but it the next six weeks, I don't know if we'd have custodians still have to go to work. This is nothing to do.
There's nothing to clean,
but it's like you have,
you're already contracted.
I'm going to have to check in with some of my old coworkers because this,
otherwise it's like fucking party.
First time you miss being,
not being a janitor.
Exactly.
I'm like,
Hey guys,
can you hire me for the next two months?
Yeah.
You'd be doing the same thing as before.
Just watching movies in one of the closets.
Yeah.
Get my work done in an hour and a half and then fucking catch up on fucking Netflix.
Oh, I got a great TV show I started.
What is it?
Oh, actually, you could go...
Explain your movie thing. You wrote a blog, all right.
Oh, yeah. Okay, yeah.
I did. I wrote...
It ended up being a top eight movies of 2019.
I'm not sure why it ended up a top eight.
Everyone's like, where's Jojo Rabbit?
I write it right at the beginning.
I haven't seen Jojo Rabbit yet, so I didn't include it. I'm sure when I see it, I'll put
it up there. I gave my top eight movies of 2019. I'll rattle them off real quick. Number one,
Parasite. No surprise there if you're a long-time listener. Number two, Once Upon a Time in
Hollywood. Number three, The Irishman. Number four, Ford vs. Ferrari. Number five, Uncut Gems.
Three, The Irishman.
Number four, Ford vs. Ferrari.
Number five, Uncut Gems.
Number six, The Lighthouse.
Number seven, Booksmart.
And number eight, I had Rocketman.
Yeah, a lot of people I don't think saw Booksmart.
I thought it was kind of like a female version of Superbad.
I'm going to check it out.
These two girls, they're like nerd girls. They got their whole life mapped out, and they end up deciding they're going nerd girls they're basically going they got their whole life mapped out and they end up deciding to have a they're gonna go to a party like the night before they graduate
after never partying in four years and you know it's like super bad like i said is a hilarity
ensues i thought it was hilarious um so check it out if you if you need a good funny movie i i
really thought it was pretty funny oh you said rocket man i think that somebody asked me recently
if you could see one act living right now
i think it would be elton john and he just went on his final tour though didn't he or is he still
in the midst of the tour i'm like probably canceled right now well of course but like i wonder because
sometimes when they got they say their final tour it's literally a full calendar year um and and if
as far as someone who's dead i would have liked to have seen queen
would that be oh my god yeah that that would have to be like the one the one answer right
yeah that's a good question that we could say what are the top three acts you wish you could see
like dead or alive i mean i would obviously fucking pick dead i'd say led zeppelin bob
molly and probably queen of three acts i would want to see in person. Damn, Bob Marley
is a great answer, too. Bob Marley is a
great one. Well, it's funny when he's so
baked, all right? Oh,
Elvis.
I got no desire to see
Elvis. No way.
Those songs, I can't stand Elvis songs.
Really? How do you know? You don't like Elvis?
There's a couple songs I like, but a lot
of that old, like, I don't like Elvis there's a couple songs I like but a lot of that old like I don't know it's not my style yeah just just I would like to see it listen I'm not
necessarily into all of his tunes either but hardcore be uh not Beals hardcore um uh Elvis
fans like they'll listen to like 200 of his songs I would like to just see him live to see what what
all the excitement was about he's got some really good slow songs, actually, now that I'm thinking of.
I think I like his slow jams.
Got that voice.
Grinnell, he's like Lil Pump.
Who would you pick, Grinnell?
Takasha 6ix9ine?
No, I'd probably pick Queen as well.
Big Queen guy.
All right.
Ooh.
When Bob Miley used to play concerts in the U S they said all his audiences
were all like stone white college kids.
Like it was just,
that's who his whole audience was.
You should check it out.
It's a documentary called Molly,
just simply Molly.
It's like two and a half hours long,
but it's a whole fucking soup to nuts.
Um,
basically,
uh,
documentary about Bob Molly's life from when he was born all up till he
died.
Every little nook and cranny,
it's got a bunch of awesome live performances in it,
but they got real deep in some stuff, man.
If you're a Bob Marley fan, definitely worth checking out.
And as far as documentaries are concerned, the Eagles documentary is unbelievable.
Yeah, yeah, the two-parter, four-hour one.
The two-parter, yeah.
Oh, I'll check that one out.
My show that I just started, I'm two episodes in.
There's only six total documentary on HBO, McMillions.
Have you heard about this?
Yeah, yeah.
I've seen it.
It's unbelievable.
You know the old Monopoly game McDonald's had for like 20 years or 15 years?
Yeah, I believe I've heard of it.
The whole thing's rigged, and it's a six-part documentary
talking to every side involved in this story.
I mean, I'm only two in, but they got the FBI agents giving in.
He's this one FBI agent, Doug's maybe the funniest guy I've ever seen on TV.
Old-blown cartoon character.
It's just, everyone check this out.
The documentary's made in such a way, it's so interesting.
They got good music.
I can't wait to watch the rest of it.
I'm almost at the point now  no, I'm at the point now.
You know when you're watching a great show and you're like,
fuck, every episode means I'm one closer to being done?
Oh, you know how I thought about that was The Jinx,
and that's another documentary you guys got to watch.
That's on HBO, I believe.
Have you seen that already?
Kill them all, of course, I did.
Okay, now just off the top of my head
when you say that, I'm very
disappointed because I used to play quite a bit.
So if it
was all rigged, they were giving away
fake prizes to employees and
taking away your watch? No, I'm going to let you watch.
I don't even want to give anything away
because I'm telling you, you have nothing to do.
You and your babe will love this shit.
Well, I'm building up my immune system.
It's very true.
There you go.
Very true.
I rented the other night with the old lady with Bombshell,
the one about the Fox News.
It was all right.
It was all right.
It wasn't really great.
It wasn't great at all.
It was adequate.
But if you wanted to watch something that really get into detail,
that Showtime miniseries when Russell Crowe played Roger Ailes,
what was it, the loudest guy in the room?
Loudest voice.
Loudest voice in the room.
I mean, honestly, I can't look at Russell Crowe the same anymore.
He's so fucking skeevy in that movie.
It's like that character was so disgusting.
But if you want a really good version of this.
It wasn't even a character either.
That was a human. Exactly. That's why it was so repulsive. All right want a really good version of it, it wasn't even a character either. That was a human.
Exactly.
That's why it was so repulsive.
All right.
Enough of the old TV movie talk.
I want to talk about Paul biz,
nasty tuck reel.
The other day,
biz,
someone took the time to put all your goals together.
And I think she posted on Boston.
All three minutes.
I will say it's kind of nice,
you know,
having seven because you get to remember all of them.
They all mean a little something to me.
And even all you other folks can remember all seven of them.
When you got an Ovechkin-type reel, you got to spend hours and hours.
You're watching a lot of the same goal over and over.
It gets a little boring.
Short and sweet.
Attention spans aren't there nowadays.
I predicted the future.
Seven more than most people, Biz.
That's the thing.
That's true.
So thank you to the person who took the time to do that.
Whit, do you have a goal scoring reel?
I don't think so.
I actually wouldn't mind seeing it.
I think I had 49.
Somebody said put on your tape.
So seven times more you.
I could be making that number up.
Jeez.
But either way, I would love to see my snipes.
They were all pretty decent too.
I mean, I don't remember that many real chintzy ones.
Like, you know, you throw it to the net and it hits a skate and then it hits another skate
and goes in.
I feel like most of mine were kind of shot from my stick directly beating the goalie
without hitting anything else.
Wait, it says you have 50 career goals.
That's what hockey references.
Maybe it was 50. what do you know maybe maybe they went back and switched one after i wrote all those
emails to the league saying that um i i actually got chinsed one from one of my teammates when he
when he said he tipped it i know he didn't hey what i had it marked down on my notes to uh
namaskov i know i pulled the rabbit out of my ass at the you know at the goal line there
uh when we uh when i went on sports net but man he he had an unbelievable start with colorado the
last game that i think was on wednesday i think they were one of the last teams to play he had
one and one and he had a snipe so um the one time i'm right did you know his numbers since he'd been
there i think no no no, no, no.
I said at Sportsnet right when he got moved over,
I said based on the risk involved and the fact that Colorado
only gave up a fourth rounder, that I really like the domestic option.
No, no, I know.
And I was just making fun of you that day because I knew you were
racking your brain for just one trade to say.
But then you just said he had one and one,
but how many games did he play with Colorado?
Are you just saying he had one-on-one, but how many games did he play with Colorado? No, I'm saying
he had one-on-one on Wednesday.
I think he's got four goals and two assists
now in nine games or so.
I don't have his exact numbers
here. Let me look it up.
With that one goal that you went from
49 to 50, I heard you took it from
Ryan Smith.
No. Fuck.
He was unbelievable in front of that,
but I think sometimes there
were maybe occasional ones where he
said he got a piece of it and might not have.
Hey, Biz, now that you're
not a snipe machine anymore, you're basically running
the business of being Biz.
When running a business, HR issues can
kill you. Wrongful termination suits,
minimum wage requirements, labor regulations,
and HR manager salaries aren't cheap, an average of 70,000 a year.
Well, Bambi, spelled B-A-M-B-E-E, was created specifically for small business.
You can get a dedicated HR manager, craft HR policy,
and maintain your compliance all for just 99 a month.
With BNB, you can change HR from your biggest liability to your biggest strength.
Your dedicated HR manager is available by phone, email, or real-time chat.
From onboarding to terminations, they customize your policies to fit your business
and help you manage your employees day-to-day all for just 99 a month.
Month-to-month, no hidden fees, cancel any time.
You didn't start your business because you wanted to spend time on HR compliance.
Let Bambi help get your free HR audit today.
Go to Bambi.com slash chicklets right now to schedule your free HR audit.
That's Bambi.com slash chicklets.
Spell the B-A-M to the b-e-e.com slash chiclets
all right boys uh we got another big note here i wanted to share this one with our listeners
sunday yesterday was the 50th anniversary of bob yor becoming the first nhl defenseman to crack
100 points in a season when he had two goals and two assists in the Bruins' 67th game, a 5-5 tie versus the Red Wings.
Barbier had 101 points after 67 games, and he won the Art Ross
with 120 points in 76 games.
He's still the only defenseman to ever win the Art Ross trophy.
The same year, he also won the Hart Trophy, the Norris Trophy,
the Conn Smythe, and the Stanley Cup.
So shout-out to Barbier and shout-out to my pal Mike Camito,
whose book I stole it from.
I forget the name off the top of my head,
but it has a story for each day in the calendar year,
and Bob Bjor's was on Sunday, so I figured it would be a cool thing to share.
And how fitting that we have Sanderson on the podcast.
And we talked about going back and seeing bands play.
I pay a lot of money to go
back based on the description of sanderson to go back and see bobby or play not only but like
of course before that but just saying how how ridiculous he was and how it was a video game
to him and he was just buzzing up and down the ice that's uh that's probably the one player i'd
like to go back time and time and see. Uncle Gigi said he'd score 300 points.
Well, I mean, he also makes that trash bucket sandwich too.
Hey, this morning I went to Wegman's, best store in the world, by the way.
Wait, I thought the other one was where you got the salad and the soups.
That's a great spot to get.
I don't do grocery shopping there.
That's smaller.
I get lunch there.
They're a little different.
Wegmans is big.
Best place in the world, the Wegmans.
But I was running around like a madman.
I'm out to lunch.
It was early.
And I grabbed orange juice and I brought it home.
I bought pulp, extra pulp. I didn't even look. If you like pulp in your orange juice and I brought it home. I bought pulp. Extra pulp.
I didn't even look.
Pulp is, if you like pulp in your orange juice,
I think you're a sicko.
Do any of you guys drink orange juice with pulp?
Once in a while.
If my wife had brought this home,
I'd divorce her that day.
You bring pulp into this household and I did it.
There's no reasoning behind like me not chucking it in the trash besides i know right now we talked about
people need food so i'm not gonna throw it away but i'm not gonna enjoy it do you guys drink pulp
sometimes i get like the medium pulp oh dude this extra pulp. It's like extra fingernails in your orange juice.
I don't mind it. I mean, I won't buy it
like specifically for the pulp, but if
it has pulp, you know, I'm not going to turn it away.
I respect your hatred for pulp
though. And I get why you're saying
it because some people are strong
texture people. Some people
when they look at someone eating oyster,
they gag
oh oh yeah i'm not an oyster guy either oh i love um i i know already i've seen
i think you're the guy i think you're the guy he's talking about that makes us throw up when
you eat them but um i i hey hey so we're in i'm going to hawai to Hawaii unless the flights get canceled.
So I'm either going or, like, nobody's going anywhere.
We'll get full shutdown.
Do you think I end up getting to go?
Well, I even got the invite.
Should we let people know?
Do I get to stay with?
No, you can't stay with us.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Well, I thought maybe it was, like, the pull-out couch.
I told Biz you have to come to Hawaii if I'm still going.
But all right, do you think I'm out of here?
Do you think they're shutting everything down?
You're just guessing.
I know this isn't like
Yeah, I think the worry is it's not so much
the airlines are still running.
If you get all the way to Hawaii and then there's nothing going on out there.
No, I called.
Apparently, they have everything there.
It's not like there's a shortage of things.
So I don't know. Apparently, they have everything there. It's not like there's a shortage of things.
So I don't know.
Holiday Inn has tons of stock in toilet paper and that kind of stuff. And they have the morning breakfast free from 7 to 9.
They got the Belgian waffle, Belgian waffle maker, which is what I had.
Biz, do you know that when I was in
I love those.
Biz, do you know that when I  so my rookie year,
I started in Wilkes-Barre that year when the team was unreal
and couldn't be beat, and I played nine games down there,
and then I went up for the rest of the season,
and we were really bad in Pittsburgh, didn't make the playoffs,
and I could have gone to Worlds, but the team wanted me to go down
and play playoffs with Wilkes, which makes sense.
I mean, like, they want you to be a part of like guys I understood so I went down
that point in my career my diet was so bad that that playoff run and it was only we I think we
we won game seven first round lost in the second round I was bringing I was going drive through
McDonald's pancakes extra thing of syrup,
bringing the McDonald's pancakes into the little room in Wilkes-Barre
where the coach was sitting down and slobbering them,
covering them in syrup.
Like it was nothing.
Don't eat McDonald's pancakes.
Nobody said a word.
Like you were making a protein shake.
Nobody said a word.
And I think I would get one of those hash browns too.
So when was it that some Pittsburgh veteran came up to you at one point
where you brought McDonald's to the rink and he was like
No, no.
Gary Roberts saw me eating Froot Loops in the hotel in Toronto in the morning.
And he looked at me and he's like, what are you eating?
I was like, Froot Loops.
He's like, are you fucking kidding me right now?
We got to get Gary Roberts on because he's a psycho.
Oh, he's a psycho.
And the way he tells the story is so good.
Not just that story, every story he tells.
I won't be able to tell it properly,
but I think when he was playing in Pittsburgh,
Sid agreed to do this diet,
and Sid got caught eating a piece of pizza
while he was on this diet, and Gary was legit mad at him for like a week,
wouldn't talk to him.
So we got to get him on.
Talk about a man of his word.
Gary, if he tells you he's not doing something, he ain't doing it.
Gary Roberts is the epitome of a machine.
He wakes up every day to just get better.
There's no laziness attached to him he is i would say him and him and brenda moore are they tick from how do you say that they cut
them the same cloth correct thank you all right there we go you've been helping me out a lot today
boys we've been talking about food you know what i gotta boil dinner screaming my name down for my
mothers right now so i think we gotta wrap it up so i can go shovel some corned beef down my gullet
oh i didn't mind going extra because these people need this right now yeah i I think we've got to wrap it up so I can go shovel some corned beef down my gullet. Oh, I didn't mind going extra because these people
need this right now.
I mean, guys, like...
You guys got nothing to do, huh?
Nobody's got anything.
When you work from home,
you can't get much done.
What do you think the percentage of less work getting done
is when people are working at home?
I don't know, man.
I'll reword it. You think that 70 of the work will get done at somebody's home
as opposed to if they were at the office?
I'll say this.
When I'm at the barstool offices, I can't get anything done.
Yeah, there's a lot of people.
There's so many people around.
My ADHD, I'm just  people  when I go to the office,
these people probably think I'm out of my goddamn mind.
I don't stop moving around all day, and i'm just a space cadet i can't care i can't stay in a
conversation longer than two minutes my mind's going crazy so where can you stay in a conversation
longer than anywhere else hey hey i'll tell you where on the podcast when i'm home in my apartment
i might do a thousand laps of my island while i'm on the phone doing calls and talking to people.
I'm doing the Daytona 500 in my kitchen in my socks.
No, I'm not trying to cut early, but we've done like an hour and a half.
We've got like an hour and a half.
No, I know. I've got to go too.
Whit's got to go to the grocery store to get some new OJ.
Yeah, I've got to go smash myself over the head with the extra
pulp that adds up to like a 17
pound dumbbell.
I will say though,
we'll be out there. I mean, we can
talk about anything. I like some of the ideas
people sent.
I want to go over some other
legendary hockey displays
of
the one I talked about, Lemieux.
Maybe get some more.
I can talk about some more like that.
I got to figure out, find some stories.
So we will chat soon, Wednesday night.
We'll get together, and who knows what we'll be updating.
I mean, I feel like it could be a long time here.
Yeah, it could be.
So we'll have to get creative and talk about some fun stuff for the listeners.
Witt, Nemestnikov, I was right.
Nine games played, four goals to assist.
So what a play by me.
A great trade call, a great trade, a low-risk play,
and you were pulling it off by the skin of your, what is the term, R.A.?
Skin of your teeth.
The hamster.
The hamster got it.
Hamster just got me right there.
All right, everyone.
Stay safe, stay healthy.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you Thursday.
As always, we want to send a big thanks to our awesome sponsors.
Big thanks to everybody over at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
A huge thanks to Theragun.
It's been great having them aboard.
Big thanks to our new sponsor, McCain Potatoes. I'll be getting my fill of them, no doubt.
A big thanks to DHM Detox, of course.
And a big thanks to our new sponsor,
Bambi. Be sure to check them out. Have a great week, everybody. I'll see you next time.
