Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 255 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney
from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
We hope everybody out there is hanging in there during this trying time.
Let's see what the boys are up to this weekend.
G, we'll go to you first.
Mikey Grinelli, our producer.
What's up, guys?
One thing I've taken away from this whole quarantine is how bad I am at video games.
So I'm going to be jumping on the Spitting Chicklets Twitch channel,
going up against some fans and some listeners, and they can just absolutely me so it'll be fun for them terrible for me but what's
up with you boys it's just it's confusing playing with all those buttons i just don't understand it
all i like the ab i'm gonna maybe have to get on that too and uh i mean if this thing's gonna go
two months like i gotta at least some get in the video games i don't want to keep going down these
rabbit holes on the internet now ra i want to ask you a quick question. Yeah. Where does this whole, hello, everybody
stem from? Is that your own creation? Did you maybe get a little influence from one of your
favorite media personalities? I don't know. Where'd you get that? It's a great question,
Biz. And it's funny, after it became a thing, I asked myself the same thing. I'm like, where did
that come from? Because I went back on the first couple episodes,
I would just say, hello, everybody, just kind of.
And then one episode, I just like dragged it out like I do now.
And it was a subconscious thing.
I was listening to a 1950s song on the radio, the song, The Big Bop.
And it's like, he goes, hello, baby.
It's a 1950-something song.
And it must have been lodged in my brain.
And it's just like hello i dragged it
out one time and i was i i love it so you got to look back to a few things you've created for us
that's like a a signature opening for a podcast and you wrote the logo on a napkin which was then
later perfected by somebody i think at barstool but it stemmed from your idea so fucking hey buddy
you're buzzing thank you i've sung chantilly lace it's a it's a pretty popular song for the old folks 1958 if you listen to it you can
you can kind of number five uh yeah yeah sing sing under the sea what remember when you were
in florida and you're like under the sea that dude do you think i know the words to under the
sea right now in the middle of this pandemic sitting in my basement you're the craziest person alive that's when i was watching that movie a lot
too i don't know man i'm under the kitchen in my gross basement i got nothing to do and nothing to
wear but i'm still recording because you know i care witty is here welcome to the show not bad
it's like old town road Not as good as the original,
but we're going to branch out and do
more, so I'll let you keep doing it.
I thought Hello Everybody was like a Simpsons.
What is that guy saying?
The Simpsons? Oh, no, that's Dr. Nick. Hi, everybody.
So I think
that's a good problem.
In your face, Whit.
Hi, everybody. Dr. Nick.
Yeah, that's Dr. Nick Rivera.
You're kind of mixture with that and Hello, Everybody and a sweet jazz song or whatever you said.
Could have been two subconscious things, but yeah,
the big bop of Chantilly Lakes.
Maybe we can have G play a snippet of it later
because it was, like I said, a subconscious thing.
That's, of course, Biz and Whit, the other two members of the crew here.
I'm sure you guys have been on Twitter.
Honestly, Twitter's been helpful during this time. I know, Biz, I know you're on it all fucking wee hours of the morning.
Yeah, my sleeping patterns are off because of my anxiety
and just not knowing when this is all going to end. Once I get the data,
I think I'll be fine. I did go for a nice long walk with my buddy Joey
Superstein last night. I said, enough's enough. I drove over to
his place. drove you know
25 minutes all the way to uh arcadia beautiful area too and uh you know we social distanced
ourselves we stayed you know what is it six feet away we went a ton of people though no we were the
only people and all these outdoor areas around here just packed i mean well but we did it at
we did it about like 12 30 oh okay at night so that's why i don't want to be around people so i don't really go
out much during the day um where was i going to go so going back uh so that was nice so getting
the fresh air kind of helped ease my mind um um i had to go back to last podcast to uh to apologize
to you wit because when i was listening to the NFL Network,
I could have sworn that the guy who was talking said,
and they visit the Patriots at home.
So last episode, when you say, ah, they don't play each other,
and I jumped down your throat, I said, yes, they do,
trying to mock you as if you think you're the biggest Tom Brady fan
and you don't even know that he's coming back to Gillette Stadium.
You sounded so stupid.
I sounded
You sounded so dumb.
And the fact you had the ability to make me question myself,
like I peer pressure got bullied.
I threw it in your face.
But the thing is, I heard it, you know, picking up toys and running around
getting dinner ready because I do it all.
And I heard it on the TV.
So, you know, when I said it, I was like, I'm kind of 90.
But maybe when you were so confident, I was like, oh, I must have misheard that as I was,
you know, like I said, clean up the toys and getting dinner ready.
And it was a shot to the face.
Like I gave you a nice right hand there like, ah, because you chirped me about saying
Billichick or Chick or whatever I said.
Right?
How did I pronounce it?
Bullichick.
Bullichick.
So I get a message on Twitter.
And obviously this guy has been locked up for
he might have even started the quarantine a week before we were supposed to.
So I get a tweet from Luke Melvin.
He goes, why are you giving out false information on your podcast?
The Patriots do not play the Buccaneers this season, moron.
And he proceeds to go to like every post that happened about our podcast
to make sure that I was a fucking moron for correcting you the way I did.
And you know what?
I felt bad enough and I even offered him I did. And you know what? I felt bad enough. And I even offered
him, I said, you know what? I said, I'm sorry that I upset you this much about getting that
wrong where you would send me three separate messages on the post about our podcast. I said,
I think it's only fair that I punched myself in the face and then we could call it even.
Now, I think I thought that was a very fair offer. Are you doing it right now? Are you setting this
up? Sure, sure. I'll punch myself because I I haven't done it yet but what was even funnier is is I
hadn't heard back for him from him excuse me so I reached out I said hey bud how you doing did you
get a little fresh air today like uh like you know everything all good and he said he sends me a picture of his dump. No. Oh, yeah.
He takes a shit in his toilet, and he takes it from her.
I fucking love this kid.
It was a middle finger.
And the middle finger in the photo.
Like, yes, thank you, all right.
Thank you.
No, the shit was shaped as a middle finger.
Oh, okay.
That's what it was.
Middle finger-shaped shit.
That's what I fucking saw out of it.
So I don't know if he took it off. It was a finger-shaped shit. That's what I fucking saw out of it. So I don't know if he took it off.
It was like a whole picture.
Well, this guy's clearly an artist, okay?
If he's shaping a shit to look like the middle finger to tell me to fuck off
once again for messing up the fact that the Patriots are not playing the
Buccaneers at home at Gillette Stadium.
So, Luke Melvin, not only thank you for sending those tweets
just laying into me and upsetting you that much,
because I had a chuckle, and then not only after trying to, you know.
You were just so cocky about it.
Yeah, and I thought it was funny.
So, thank you to Luke Melvin for the chuckles during this difficult time
that I'm stuck on my phone.
My Twitter burned blazing all night long.
Nothing I did.
It was the best part.
It was all English people, and they throw around the C-bomb,
like we just call people jerks here.
Because there was a nurse in England, and she's like,
this is the face of someone who's worked nine hours.
I'm broken, and we're only at the start.
I'm begging people to please do distance and isolation.
So I just retweeted, just as a PSA more than anything.
This guy replied.
I'm not going to say his name. He's he's already deleted the tweet he's like yo well
welcome to the construction business so that's what we do in construction it was like dude are
you fucking serious like this person's saving lives risking her own life and you're comparing
it to work in construction hey i got all respect for world for construction workers he got fucking
ratio i think i think i think people are just a little irritated as to what's going on
right now and sometimes maybe people um maybe get a sometimes the negative comes out and and it's
unfortunate but i think he probably maybe afterward was was probably feeling a little
shitty about saying that so thank you on that note yeah nice gesture by tim hortons in canada
all people working in the medical field anytime you you go there, just show them your license.
I think they're picking up the tab.
So it is nice to see on the positive side of things.
Some people are stepping up in order to help people in need
because like you said,
these people are getting work to the bone right now
in areas where they're highly infected.
Absolutely.
I hadn't seen the word twat that much
since I was in the fucking 13th grade.
English people love that word.
But anyways, the other big talk on Twitter this weekend,
the Tiger King, this documentary series,
it debuted on Netflix Friday night.
It's been fucking burning up Twitter, social media.
I started watching it yesterday.
Boys, I've watched a lot of documentaries.
I've watched a lot of docu-series in my time.
This is the craziest fucking thing I've ever seen.
It's like Fyre Fest, Don't Fuck With Cats,
all these crazy docs rolled in a ball.
It's basically, it's about these two people.
They have tiger zoos.
By the way, we found out there are more tigers in captivity
in the United States than there are on the rest of the planet
because these people have tiger zoos and they breed them.
So they charge people to come in.
And you know how cute little baby tigers are.
People want to take pictures with them.
Well, this is not, he calls himself Joe Exotic.
And he has like a tiger farm in somewhere in Oklahoma.
And he's brawling with this other lady
who she calls it a sanctuary for old tigers.
But it's the same fucking thing.
She charges people to come in and see tigers,
but she thinks he's like has some moral standard over him.
Well, listen, you watch the first episode and you're hooked and then it's just the next one they introduce a whole
new fucking other slew of crazy characters like you couldn't take these people you couldn't make
these people up it's like the star wars bar on steroids i've heard i've heard i've been getting
lit up in group chats about it hearing it's tremendous wit have you even like watched a
minute of this no and i'm so happy right now that you guys are telling me
I have something that I can go watch
because I've been struggling to find things.
I'm not a great re-watcher of movies besides a specific few.
I need to get involved.
I'm wondering if it's almost so insane
it feels like it's script, like it's not real already.
It sounds like it could be like reality TV, but it's actual.
All this stuff is legit.
It's legit because it's been covered in news stories throughout the years.
So it would be almost impossible to fake it.
Like it's legit.
And there was one tweet, like, and this isn't really a spoiler.
How much time are you investing into this?
Is it like a six episode series?
Tell me it's 40 hours, please.
It's seven episodes, approximately 45 minutes each which
perfect that's like that's like an hour with that's the only attention span i have 45 minutes
i can dial in for 45 that's why i haven't been able to get over the hump on uh what's the one
with the subtitles oh parasite parasite i can't i can't do it i'm trying hard for you buddy all right
i try trying hard for you you'll get it.A. I'm trying hard for you.
You'll get it. You'll get it.
Check out The Joker, though.
All right. Oh, yeah.
And here's my quick opinion on The Joker.
I'm not really big into the whole sci-fi slash Batman Marvel stuff.
I really enjoyed the more, like, the artistic and, of course,
Joaquin Phoenix's acting rolled into how it was created
like it was i i didn't mind that he was the center of focus the whole the basically the whole time
and how it got him to that level of insanity how like life just kept eating him away based on his
like you know what i'm saying is that is that a fair assessment? No, absolutely. That's what the movie, that was a movie.
You like the case study part of it,
about what happened to a human.
Yeah, I am just a sucker for very good acting
and somebody who's able to like,
really give you an inside perspective on like,
holy shit, like, yeah, man,
like that person with those mental problems,
based on the bad bounces, they continue to get over time.
They probably thought they were getting the raw end of the stick and then
they fucking click.
Boom.
Yeah.
I thought,
I thought he was excellent.
He certainly deserved the award.
Um,
I just,
I didn't,
I don't think the director Todd Phillips,
I mean,
he's,
you know,
made a lot.
I remember thinking it was a boring movie.
Yeah.
I don't think he,
he swung for the fences,
but I think he only hit a double.
I guess that's the analogy.
It's it's I'll, I'll say it like this.
No country for old men.
Or no, sorry.
There will be blood, okay?
Don't even sniff those two movies in the same category.
I drink your milk, Drake.
Fair enough.
What I'm saying is some people, what they said was it was slow, right?
Which is I can dial in because the acting kept me engaged the entire time. Okay. And that's what I'm was it was just it was slow right which is i can dial in because the acting kept me
engaged the entire time okay and that's what that's what i'm comparing it to daniel of course
daniel day lewis i believe is on a different level and that movie was also better and it was
i just like the era and what it was about but uh we can move on i'm sorry it's been a while since
we've had good news for the islanders fans and we got a little bit quiet today lou lamorello said
the team would match any offer sheet.
Should Matthew Barzell sign one quote,
it is our intention to not allow it to get to that point,
but should that happen?
The answer is yes.
In regards to matching an offer sheet,
Barzell of course,
in the final year of his entry level deal,
19 goals,
41 assists in 68 games in the currently suspended season.
He's also put up 207 points in his first 234 NHL games,
as well as seven points in eight playoff games.
Needless to say, he's in line for a substantial raise.
Whit, did you see this quote?
Do you have any reaction?
Yeah, my reaction is I better see an offer sheet come then,
because what do you have to lose if you're a rival team?
He's guaranteed he's going to sign it if you believe him,
which I guess there's a chance he could be lying.
But if you believe him, you could put a team in a pretty shitty situation, right?
If you give him  Biz, what are you laughing at?
Oh, I'm just cooking my  I think the NHL ran like the mob
where Lou's letting all the other fucking GMs know.
You fucking come at me, bitch.
I'm matching it.
That's a fucking sign, man.
That's Lou saying.
Yeah, so there's always that young guy in the mob who wants to just take out the boss.
That's what I'm saying.
Offer him a seven-year, 15 million a year deal.
Match it, Lou.
Suck on that one.
And this is Lou saying, baby, I still got some juice left. I ain't going
nowhere. He's
flexing his old school muscles and I'm
down. I am now the biggest
Lou Lamarillo fan by doing this.
Imagine the show.
He just gave a double finger
to all the other gyms saying, come at me, bitch.
That's what I think. Like that
scene in The Godfather. If my son should
hang himself in his jail cell,
he should be struck by lightning,
and we'll hold some of the men in this room responsible.
So this is an episode where that's two movie imitations.
You have a three limit.
Oh, come on, Wendt.
Quarantine waiver.
I can do as many as I want.
Prison rules, man.
Seriously.
The CBA isn't going right now.
Can say cut, but I can't do three imitations this is the podcast purge it's everything fucking goes man i'll be throwing
crazy words at you motherfuckers throughout this episode oh fuck me oh man hey i want to
quick note too from the islanders and this is good news as well lou said that um if hockey
were to return soon johnny boy chuck would be ready to go. So good to hear Johnny Rocket will be ready to go whenever the Isles get back.
What's up, Whit?
I'm sorry, Biz.
No, I was just going to hop in there because we actually interviewed Milan Lucic.
So we're going to be dropping him soon.
And we were talking about Boychuck and how scary that was
and how quickly after Boychuck was joking around about it.
And that's how he's, the most chill dude.
Like, he had a career-ending injury possibility,
and he's, you know, I think he called himself Jack Sparrow.
Jack Sparrow, yeah.
And sent a picture to Looch with the iPad.
He was on the ice joking about it.
Yeah, he actually texted it when he was getting carried off,
still bleeding.
But he said that Johnny Boychuck may be down to come on.
And he sent his number over.
So I'm going to reach out to him.
And I would imagine that a lot of people would be interested in hearing from him.
He's kind of a throwback, boys.
And his story of getting there took him a while.
And then he got Eddie Shore Defenseman of the Year in the AHL one season.
I don't know who that was with.
Could that have been with Providence?
I'll have to check.
But he has a pretty cool story,
and he's turned into a hell of a defenseman
for a long time now.
He's got the Stanley Cup,
and I think it would be a blast to talk to him.
I've known him just a little bit
from preseason skates in Boston.
Beloved teammate and fan favorite as well,
no matter where he's gone.
He's a well-liked guy.
But regardless of when hockey gets back, that's going to be a quick return for him.
But there is one place you don't want a quick return, Biz, and that's in the rack.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
thinking about old hockey stats and Stanley Cup wins and all that stuff,
but it doesn't work.
That's why the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use and fast acting,
but don't require a prescription or a subscription.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on,
let it dry and you're good to good to good to go.
That's it.
Just go to get roman.com slash checklists.
You can get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
Yeah, speak much.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
All right, boys, we did have a couple.
I have to back that up.
I wish when I was playing all my games and getting all my at-bats,
as Sanderson would say, is I wish I had a little bit of a desensitizer
because there's a lot of times I put it in and
it wasn't the best performance. And I'm like, damn, that, that girl's probably going back to
the group chat and I'm going to get a fucking C minus. So Roman swipes guys, come on, let's
solve the problem here. Like you don't want to be like a pathetic loser like me.
Hey, who was the, um, who was the NBA player who went, who went viral on Twitter on Saturday night?
What was his name? Was it Jamal?
Not Jamal Miller.
It was an NBA player.
He said he got hacked.
Jamal Murray.
Jamal Murray.
And he may well have gotten hacked, but he had a video of him receiving
oral pleasure from his girlfriend, and it went out on his Instagram.
So, naturally, it gets burned because the internet's forever.
If you search hot enough on Twitter, the video is out there,
and he's packing some heat.
We got to give props to Jamal Murray because he's
and we've also got to give props to his lady too
because she was very impressive with the work.
Oh, shit.
Our A was beating his meat to this.
Federal prime.
Isn't this a federal prime?
That's a federal prime.
Isn't that what Dave was saying?
Charge fucking Twitter.com because I was scrolling Twitter
and it jumped right out at me.
We do got a few college signings. A lot of college kids getting signed at me. We do get a few college signings.
A lot of college kids getting signed these days.
Vancouver actually made a pair of signings forward.
Will Lockwood.
He was the third round pick in 16 out of Michigan in undrafted free agent.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Mark McAleese.
He was actually a German who played at Minnesota.
Is it Browns Mankato?
Is that how you say that?
What?
Minnesota Mankato.
Yeah, it is.
You're right.
Yeah.
He played.
He played there.
They signed those two guys. St. Louis Blues signed 2018 draft pick Hugh McGing to a two-year deal
uh that starts next season he's a forward who just finished four years at West Michigan
uh the Rangers signed free agent forward Austin uh Roy Schoff of Western Michigan to an entry
level deal and they also signed I think I might have missed this one last episode first round
pick in 18 defenseman Keandre Miller.
They had signed him as well.
He just finished his second year at Wisconsin.
Calgary signed two undrafted college free agent defensemen,
Connor Mackey, who just finished, let's see,
finished up at UND, North Dakota, and Colton Pullman.
Both signed entry-level deals that will kick in next season.
Sorry, Connor Mackey went to Mankato and Colton Pullman went to UND.
I don't want to screw that up.
One more left.
The Oilers signed 2019 second-round pick Raphael Lavoie to an ELC.
He was 38th overall that year.
He just finished up his fourth year in the queue.
So hopefully those guys are starting a nice career off.
What's up, G?
All right, and one more thing.
I don't think we mentioned it last podcast is Cole Caulfield announced
that he's going to be going back to Wisconsin next year.
So he was the 15th overall pick that the Canadians drafted.
You know, very high ceiling, good goal score,
but he's going to be going back to Wisconsin next year
to try and get that national championship.
All right, thanks for that heads up, G.
Appreciate that there.
We don't have a shitload of Corona stuff, fortunately, today,
but we do have just a couple items.
A second Ottawa Senator has been diagnosed, the team announced.
The team also said that eight of the 52 people who went on their three-game
road trip before the shit hit the fan have displayed symptoms
and have been tested.
The Senators, they bounced around California, you know,
three games on the road there, so you hope other teams didn't catch it.
But it is unusual that they're the only team that's had anyone publicly disclosed,
at least to this point.
Yes, they are, Ottawa.
Yeah.
So to the surprise of nobody.
Actually, this year, you got to give them credit.
For a while, they were a tough, tough game for a lot of teams.
On ice, everything's looking up.
It's the off-ice stuff.
We'll say that.
Yeah, they've been playing pretty hard on the dj smith no doubt about that um to the surprise of nobody
on the ihf officially uh canceled the world championships not sure what took so long but
uh it's been made official actually boys what went on for you if you're an athlete you know
how hard it is to find clothes that fit you well the truth is men's clothes are not designed for
guys with bigger asses and legs,
especially when it comes to jeans.
Well, I got some good news.
The answer to your problems is finally here, Mugsy jeans.
Mugsy jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us.
Mugsy was started by a stoolie who was tired of having his balls choked out in his jeans.
His goal was simple, reinvent men's jeans to look good and feel good.
They're outrageously comfortable because he spent five years working with
industry experts and athletes like former NHL player and Hobie Baker went up
Lake Jeffron to perfect the fit and feel of the jeans.
The magic is in Muggsy's proprietary denim,
which is made from a bunch of high tech materials that make these jeans
mind-blowingly soft and flexible. And when I say flexible, I mean,
these jeans are so stretchy. You could hit the squat rack in them.
No problem.
They're so comfy.
They make basic movements like sitting, bending, and kneeling,
feeling like a dream.
No exaggeration.
You want to sleep in these jeans.
And even better, they come in a stylish fit that's not too baggy,
not too tight, so somehow you'll look even better than you feel.
It's almost like you're wearing nothing at all.
Men's Health called Mugsy Jeans, the best jeans for athletes for good reason.
Take our word for it. Give Mugsy Jeans a try and jeans for athletes for good reason. Take our word for it.
Give Mugsy Jeans a try and you won't be able to wear any other jeans again.
I can vouch for that.
They're super comfy.
These are the ones that are nice and stretchy.
They fit like a glove.
And Mugsy's so confident.
You'll love their jeans.
They do free shipping and returns, so your comfort is 100 guaranteed.
So do your legs a favor.
Head to Mugsy.com.
That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Muggsy's full lineup of jeans
and safe-for-work chinos, including new styles and sizes.
Use the code SPIT for 10 off.
That's a bear on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made
by heading to Muggsy.com using the code SPIT.
All right, boys.
Meanwhile, back on the news front here,
All right, boys.
Meanwhile, back on the news front here,
Marc-Andre Fleury donated 100,000 towards paying T-Mobile Arena employees during the suspension.
Pretty nice.
Free flower.
What a guy.
By the flower.
The team also made, I think it was a total of a half a million dollars
altogether.
I'm not sure if that includes Marc-Andre's or not, these things.
Sometimes the info is a little vague.
But speaking of paying employees during this time, boys, the Jacobs family.
They own the Boston Bruins.
They own the concessions giant Delaware North.
They're worth billions and billions of dollars.
Now, Jeremy Jacobs owned the Bruins for years.
He basically signed over ownership to the kids last year.
I'm just going to, for the sake of this segment, call them the Jacobs family.
And they're worth billions and billions of dollars.
They were the very last of 31 NHL teams to commit to assisting arena workers
and game day employees.
This was after the Massachusetts Attorney General basically shamed them publicly.
She tweeted about them.
I think she called a radio station.
It's obnoxious, man.
What they did, they established the fund worth 1.5 million.
But this being them, there's a caveat.
The employees can only access this fund if the six remaining games are not played.
So all these hardworking servers, busboys, busgirls, dishwashers, janitors who rely on these checks every week,
they have to wait for this shit to get bad enough for the league to cancel the season
before they can even seek to get relief from their multi-billionaire owner oh man you know this is an owner who
ironically made his billions on overpriced and mediocre concessions peddled by these folks these
are the people who've been humping his fucking shit for years and he doesn't want to pay him
it's it's disgusting what's the worst like you pay them now they get the six games and then what
you're afraid of them double dipping like that's are you fucking crazy like and when a million dollars it's when you're worth four billion
dollars a million dollars the other day you can't even fathom how much that how little that is
and people you know like getting all when you're gonna say something i said well you know what the
the bruins had a statement oh the jacobs whoever on the march 13th i said i'll give them a week i
said you know they said we're, we're working on it.
We'll get back to you, basically.
I said, I don't want to jump down the throat and then have them do something.
Yeah, because sometimes, like, it doesn't get to the top until, like, oh, like, oh, shit.
Everybody's doing it?
Sure, yeah, here.
Okay it, right?
Right.
And, well, sure as shit, you know, I didn't say it last episode.
And then Saturday it came out that, you know, basically what I just described, and people ask me if I'm surprised, and I'm like, well,
I think of that Maya Angelou quote, yeah, I just dropped a Maya, I'm about to drop a Maya Angelou
quote, she says, when people show you who they are, believe them the first time, oh, I've been
a Bruins fan forever, I've been a season ticket fan, I'm not surprised by this behavior, because
I've seen it, I've seen it up close. This is the guy when, when he built,
when they built the Boston or the TD garden,
there was a small partner that he had to give money to local charities.
Right.
20 years later,
some kids,
they were doing a book report or some report,
like young kids,
like 12 year old students.
And they found a,
like this part in the language that said he was supposed to make this
donation 20 years ago.
And it turns out he never did it.
It was like,
I want to say, the kids were 12 that found this out make this donation 20 years ago. And it turns out he never did it. It was like, I want to say.
No, man.
The kids were 12 that found this out?
They might have been high school.
They were students like, you know, 12, 15 years old.
They were kids who, and not a lawyer, not someone who works for the city or for the team, kids doing like some sort of report.
And they came across this and they realized, oh, wait,
he never made this donation.
It was pocket change, like 2 million to him.
And then they brought it up and then they had,
he still like dragged his feet on that. So this is, you know, a guy,
like they call him Monty Burns from the Simpsons.
Here's one more for you.
Okay. So first of all,
there's a lot of awesome people affiliated with the organization.
I mean, this is, this is the person at the top. Okay. Like everybody there's,
he runs it like a business.
And then of course you got to hire the right people.
And those people also do it with, you know, emotion and other things that are attached to the game.
Now, like you said already, these are the types of, these are the people that made him his fortune or at least part of it.
And now, like, what do you think those people's attitude is going to be coming back to work?
Like, fuck this guy.
Like, imagine he would have stepped up right away and been like, fuck yeah, pay these guys,
and if we come back, we'll give them a little extra, whatever.
Like, it's like we're not even  by the time he's dead and his grandkids are dead
and his grandkids' grandkids are dead, that  what's it worth, 3.6 billion?
Yeah, depending on what choice you're in.
Like, come on, bro.
You probably, like, whatever.
I think it's bullshit.
I think it's a bad look on the organization.
And I appreciate you as a Bruins fan for stepping up and kind of, you know,
getting on them.
There's no bot.
There's maybe some player bias to your opinion,
but I think that's a very respectful thing to fucking call them out.
What's unreal is that when it came out, too,
they were the last ones to do it,
but I think it was like triple what most teams had done,
and it looked good.
And then all of a sudden you started seeing replies underneath.
Like, has anyone read the language on this?
It says if.
And then all of a sudden they try to look good with the statement,
and then somewhere in there it's shown who they are,
and all of a sudden these people have to wait, who knows, months.
I mean, when would the NHL cancel the season?
I'm thinking they don't do that until at least a month from now.
And so that's a month, but those people get no paychecks.
Who cares if you give it to them now?
Yeah.
What a joke. Yeah, and Biz, I would say it's not so much but those people get no paychecks. Who cares if you give it to them now? Yeah. What a joke.
Yeah, and Biz, I would say it's not so much a bad look for the team
as it is the Jacobses.
I mean, because you're right.
I know a lot of people working on it.
Some people are correlated.
You just got to tell them, yo, like, smart the fuck up.
There's no correlation there.
These people are the ones getting paid to run the team,
and these people are Mr. Burns and the top of the tower.
Yeah, exactly.
And, you know, there are already a fair amount of fans
who no longer patronize the Garden or buy Bruins tickets
just because of the history.
And, you know, I think that number is going to go up again
because people are really genuinely pissed off.
I mean, there are people who won't fucking set foot in that place.
They won't spend a dime because of this type of shit.
And, I mean, it's interesting.
Not interesting.
It's kind of funny because for years that was the wrap-on.
I mean, we've talked to Adam Oates about how the team didn't spend money,
and that's the funny part.
They actually kind of got rid of that reputation back in, I would say,
what, July 1, 2006 when they spent all that money on Charons.
When the cap came.
When the cap came, they said, all right, we'll spend to that.
A positive note, though, I got a text from Yance,
and Yance is like, hey, me and Hazy will throw some money in
for those ECHL players.
So they're each throwing in 2K.
So I'm going to bump my number up to 2K, too.
Yeah, I'm going up.
I'm going up with them, 2K.
So that's eight right there.
That's eight.
So we're going to get more.
Oh, I got a
125 is fine.
Like, you contribute what you can contribute.
We said 250.
Yeah, I got 150, but I'll double 150 but i'll i'll double it to 300
i'll make i'll double it i'll do i'll do 300 with you all right 8600 right there thank you oh how
about this one and i got i'll say it again next episode so i have my buddy jeff jacobson's email
he's like my to like to interact with for any like business shit um this dude from aspen who's
looking for like a like a rink coordinator to start like a minor
league program there and he's going to pay to hire him so a job created he goes hey uh just
mentioned on the podcast to reach out to him and i'll get the information for next episode
he goes i'll throw in 10k usd to the fund too for the echl players boom 10k i was like what
i were at 18 600 right and then of course can i brands is
in and i think stapleton's getting boikies in 26 no uh 38 36 36 there we go i'm off so fucking
right so we're at 36 grand we're eventually going to do a t-shirt grinelli on a more charitable
note you talked about the bartenders guild last episode we already sold like 2 000 t-shirts right that's unreal people stepping up stepping up you guys stepping up to
help out the local servers man hosed in this um a lot of people are i just had one other note i
wanted to add to this before we wrap this segment up um all these you know people chirping plays
for giving charity and saying they only give this it's like asshole don't fucking look at someone
because they gave something to GoFundMe
and think that's the only money they gave anyway.
It's one GoFundMe account.
I saw people like, oh, but Brossy gave this much
and the Bruins only gave this.
It's like, dude, that's one GoFundMe account.
You don't know what they did behind closed doors.
If they gave people cash, GoFundMe takes a cut.
Maybe they wanted to give something
where no one takes a cut out of it.
That's where fucking the assholes come out
to take the high ground on anything. Yeah, like shut up biggest troll assholes and plus like honestly
if you're gonna help somebody out for doing something good for somebody else yeah yeah
it's not technically enough yeah you got to find creative ways to raise money for people and and
it's also like we covered we covered the paramedics in the hospitals, right?
We covered the service industry.
Like there's a lot of different industries that are being affected by this,
so we got to kind of snap it around.
Like there's other areas.
Dish it.
Power play.
We talked about the hockey news writers.
Like we're hoping that somebody can lift those people up.
I think eight people in the
hockey sector lost their job correct weren't you reading it ra yeah there was a well depending on
the owner said it was temporary layoffs but we'll see what happens because they haven't been doing
too good anyway so i don't know how much of it well okay but like nonetheless like there's a lot
of different areas that and and if there's anything we're forgetting like we know a lot of you are
suffering and sometimes like you guys are probably bummed out at home during this circumstance and feeling like
oh like you know no one's given us like any any sympathy it's like there there's so many of you
being affected small business owners like we're thinking of all you this is a difficult time
if and if people if you're listening and you do that you can do something to help try to do it
because there is time on your hands if you're staying in on the weekends.
I think, yeah, sorry. No, that's good. I'm just like, I like, this is,
you know, some people are listening or a little bummed out and shit.
So I'm just trying to lift them up.
Yeah. Someone actually had a good suggestion. Um, if you have fantasy league,
if you've got a fantasy league going on, you're not going to know who,
who's going to win, maybe donate your fantasy league winnings because you know,
the money's already spent and no one knows who's going to win anyways.
I thought it was a pretty good suggestion worth passing along.
I mean, everybody already spent that money.
And if there's going to be no one to determine, you know,
maybe fucking send it to somebody who needs it.
Even some of the ECHL guys are stepping up, like guys who are like,
hey, man, like I come from money.
Like I don't need that extra 1,500.
No shit, really? Yeah. So we're evolving this thing. come from money like i don't need that extra 1500 bucks like oh shit really yeah so though so it's
we're evolving this thing a couple guys uh derrick nesbitt who's been playing in a league a while and
craig uh whiz is his nickname fuck his last name's very hard to say he's gonna fucking laugh and text
me when he hears this but uh vincent laverde and and mike mckenna those and then and of course we're
gonna work with larry landon and and uh ryan and joe then, of course, we're going to work with Larry Landon and Ryan and Joe from the league.
I think they're running the league aspect of ECHL.
So this is currently all being set up and organized.
So you guys will be getting those interviews soon,
and we're going to start doing some good shit for the players.
So love you guys.
Been there.
Who else?
We got who on the interview today?
Commodore and Rasmus.
Oh, we got Commodore.
We got a double interview for you guys. We got Mike Mike Commodore and then we finally got that little rat Zach Wierenski decided to wake up or call us back or basically answer a text message so one of the
best young D-men in the NHL but we finally get to catch up with them so we got Commodore we got
Wierenski oh and I wanted to mention with commodore especially we kind of said to him
beforehand call me we're all quarantined let's let's see this isn't an interview it's just us
five shooting the shit just you know ask us a question please don't don't consider an interview
so i think you guys will enjoy the laid-back atmosphere of just hanging out with your buddies
as opposed to just asking him questions the whole time and i thought it was pretty funny because I had a good time doing that.
I said to you guys after God,
it's like nice when we're recording and interviewing guys right now,
it just gets us,
gets us away from just sitting there watching the news.
And so last night I had a couple of buddies,
genius idea.
I think it was Ned's idea.
Ned was involved.
A bunch of my good buddies,
Ned falls, Keith, Luke Melvin. idea uh ned was involved um a bunch of my good buddies ned falls keith uh luke melvin um it's just so a bunch of us got together where what so you motherfucker so ned said 50 bucks a guy
we're gonna say whoa time out is lu Luke Melvin actually your buddy? No. Oh.
I wish he was.
I want to be.
Luke, reach out to me.
I want to be friends with you.
I love what you said to Biz.
Oh, dude, I wouldn't have been surprised.
Or if it's an alter ego of Foley.
I think Foley's back, by the way.
We have discussions Wednesday.
I think Foley's back.
And like a guy who gets Tommy John, he comes back way better than before.
Yeah, it's like he tore his elbow up and he's back.
So that will be a discussion for Hazy and Jens.
So what we did was 50 bucks a guy.
We went back and everyone got two guys.
And we pressed play at the same time on YouTube to watch the 1997 Royal Rumble.
And we randomly picked numbers.
So you ended up with two guys and you just got,
I had number 10 and 20.
Both my guys were scrubs,
didn't do anything,
but the 10th guy and the 20th guy to go get in there are my,
are your guys or whatever.
So my guys are out and I'm watching the end and I don't,
nobody knows who has who,
because people aren't really staying up to on,
on the text chain.
And so it is down to stone cold,
Steve Austin,
Brett,
the hit man,
heart,
uh,
undertaker.
There's a couple others in there.
There's mankind,
classic wrestling names,
stone cold fires. I'm sorry, Bret the Hitman Hart
takes Stone Cold and fires him out of the ring.
Boom, like the favorite, he's gone.
Stone Cold's gone.
Stone Cold realizes right away that the refs are on the other side
dealing with mayhem over on the other side of the ring.
He slides back into the ring.
Refs don't see him.
He goes over, double flips Undertaker and somebody else, and then just slams Bret the Hitman Hart out into the ring refs don't see him he goes over double flips undertaker and
somebody else and then just slams brett the hitman heart out of the ring he wins but it was illegal
it was a terrible loss for whoever had brett the hitman must be going nuts oh he was going nuts
and it was so funny that that's the one we picked and had no idea it was just such questionable
ending and and so then stone Cold Guy won the money.
I don't know who won it, but it was a great little hour entertainment
with some gambling involved to a result of something
that nobody had any clue of unless you Googled it beforehand.
That is a fun little game that other people should be playing
on the different years.
You said it was 92?
You know, Keith goes, when Undertaker got announced
and came walking
into the ring i jumped up off my coach was flicking my lights on and off screaming
and then when when stone cold snuck back in and tossed the undertaker and the other guy i was
actually loudly like yelling they were watching uncut gems at my in-laws and i was watching that with headphones in i was like oh
hey that must have been the glory days of wrestling right that era where like
you still had a mixture of the old and new and like there was chaos and like there was betrayal
and hear me out there was probably like a lot of fucking drama and ego behind the scenes going on too.
Because at that era
I thought you were talking about behind the scenes.
That's when the real money started coming into play.
And like a million dollars was getting thrown around and shit, right?
I don't know.
97?
I don't think they were making
Because he had control over all of them.
He never really had to pay them big bucks.
Is that me being uninformed and wrong?
The WWF, back when it was known as then,
it was the Hulk Hogan when it really, truly exploded
into like those guys started making a lot more money.
I mean, that's when...
Oh, so you're saying in the 80s almost.
I think wrestling, the explosion of wrestling in the 80s
was bigger than the one in the 90s.
I know I'm a fucking old guy talking,
but wrestling was like a fucking... But more guys, I would say in the 80s was bigger than the one in the 90s i know fucking old guy talking but wrestling was like a fucking but more guys i would say in the 90s more guys started getting paid right it was
probably a cock fight like you had the different like rick flair like he was would you say he was
making a million bucks back then yeah oh yeah he was yeah yeah oh absolutely million i might just
say because people have the answers to this um Hey, listen, we're not very informed.
You know who should we get on to talk about wrestling?
It's Jason LaBarbera.
He is...
We should get him and Jans on together,
because, hey, let's...
I mean, fuck, I'll talk about wrestling.
I love that shit.
Yeah, I used to love going all the time.
All right, so that was a long intro
with a story mixed in before the interview.
So now we will bring you Mike Commodore.
Call me.
What is going on, buddy?
Yeah, people, that's who we got.
It's Mike Commodore.
And I'm going to tell you right now, this isn't really an interview.
This is us five just shooting shit.
Call me.
We got nothing to do, and we miss you.
Well, I appreciate that.
I miss you guys, too.
Thanks for the call.
I got the message from Grinnelli, uh i am not doing a fucking thing either so i got nothing but time
i went to the fucking board game store today and bought a fucking
backgammon board i wanted to learn how to play that all right yahtzee yahtzee
and then connect four which I have played and then
there's some kind of drinking game card
I'm not going to rip into that for a bit I don't think
but
I was wondering dude it's St. Paddy's Day
when we're talking to you right now I mean
how do you not drink and especially with nothing to do
I know
I mean I
part of me really wants to go out
just be like, well,
I'll just go out for a couple, but then I'm like, fuck man,
the sooner we can get rid of this fucking thing,
or at least whatever they call flatten the line or flatten the bump,
whatever it's called, the sooner we can get back to life.
Yeah.
You know what, man? Thank you. You're taking the responsible approach.
And at the end of the day, man, this could be all over in a month.
And we did a good job of staying in.
And listen, we can all stop being a little bit selfish sometimes.
And call me.
Let me tell you, if anyone could have bad luck,
you'd be the guy that would go out to maybe just grab a couple drinks
and somebody would be lippy with him.
You'd knock him out.
You'd get arrested.
You'd be on the news for not only getting in a fight,
but also not social distancing.
You'd be completely screwed.
Oh, yeah.
Right after I just fire out a tweet in an Instagram post yesterday
about, like, be responsible, stay in, sit on your ass,
comparing, like, being called to war.
Like, we're being asked to sit on the couch.
Two days later, I'm rocked at St. Paddy's.
They're getting arrested. They'd be a real good look. That'd be a tough one. like we're being asked to sit on the couch two days later i'm rocked at saint patty's day getting
arrested it'd be a real good look that'd be a tough one speaking speaking of your luck i hear
you had a tough vacation recently like just bad bounce after bad bounce on the vacation to mexico
and uh mexico and miami uh yeah i mean it was let me see, what did we go? I had a work
trip to Miami,
which was a good time with
Fan 960 here in
Calgary. So we took our customers
out to Miami. I've never
been to, a little shout
out for Sportsnet. It's not our
style.
It's not our style, Miami.
No, it was my first time ever being there. But I just went there. It's not our style, Miami. It's not our style, Miami. No.
It was my first time ever being there.
But I just went there.
I just couldn't vibe with it.
Luckily, I met up with some friends for nice dinners, and it was good company.
But it's too fucking showy.
I don't know.
The people aren't real enough there.
Yeah.
I mean, I had a good time.
I was with a group of people.
I wouldn't definitely go out of my way to go back.
Like, the hotels were nice.
The dinners were nice.
We were there for, I ended up being there for three nights because then I went to Mexico,
but we were all there for kind of two nights.
And, like, it was all right, but, like, I was kind of, I mean, we were at a couple of the bars or whatever,
and, I mean, things are open until, I don't even know if they close.
We were out late, obviously, both nights, and I was just kind of looking around a little bit,
and I'm like, this really isn't my crew around here.
But like I said, I mean, I had a good time, but yeah, I wouldn't.
As you're taking a key bump in the bathroom with one of the guys.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, there was a lot of that going on.
I will say that.
And now for my next trick.
Yeah.
Kind of giving a Miami.
Are you getting cabin fever at all, Kwame?
No, not too bad.
Hanging out with the dog a little bit, but no, not too bad.
I feel like if, I mean, kind of spent, other than playing games and practices,
it feels like I've kind of spent 14 years getting ready for this.
I have all fucking day not to do anything.
So I'm like, man, this is kind of like when I play,
just sitting around kind of killing time.
So I'm okay.
But, I mean, yeah, the golf course, I would be totally fine
if there was like some kind of gym I could work out with
and then the simulator here.
But the gyms are all closed as of yesterday.
And then I just got an email like 20 minutes ago.
Oh, yeah, you got pigeon tossed.
The clubhouse is closed.
Tossed out.
Done.
Well, tell the story.
When you first got back, you went there, and they're like,
hey, yo, you just got back in town from the States, from Miami.
You got to be in quarantine.
And you found out the hard way, right?
Yeah, no.
So I went from Miami to Guadalajara, spent three nights in guadalajara which was okay
it would have been nice to know somebody there because i'm not really it was only my second time
to mexico so i don't really know what's going on and all i'm thinking is like narcos is filmed here
i'm like jesus i better watch where i'm going so i just kind of went around the area then we went
to tequila uh mexico as you take it actually awesome yeah tequila mexico was good there was a
ton of uh it's like where 80 of the world's tequila comes from so that was actually really
good and then came back flew through houston and back to calgary oh you have corona for sure
you're going through the corona gamba right there i am kind of got kind of a dry cough um yeah so
booked the simulator at earl gray here the place i'm at here in calgary booked it like showed up
walked in it was dead in there changed put a pair of shorts and a golf shirt on from my locker and
i go to walk in and they're one of the one of the guys that works there was just like hey what's
going on you're you're booked in like uh where you been and he didn't even know but i was just like oh yeah i just got going on? You're booked in. Like, where have you been?
And he didn't even know, but I was just like, oh, yeah,
I just got back from Mexico a couple days ago,
and I kind of see him.
I'm like, what?
He goes, yeah, man, you can't be in here.
He goes, we just did it this morning.
If you've been out of the country within the last two weeks,
you can't come in here for two weeks.
So for a half second, I was kind of, yeah, I did.
I was kind of pissed for a half second, and then I'm like, you know what?
That's how it is these days. So I'm like, all right, I guess I'll see for a half second, and then I'm like, you know what? That's how it is these days.
So I'm like, all right, I guess I'll see you in two weeks,
and turned around and left.
And now I won't see him in two weeks because now it's closed.
I love the fact that once we get to Scotland,
God willing, we're able to go in July.
I'll get the real story in that you probably went over
and sneezed on the simulator just to make sure if anyone got to use it,
they were going to get whatever you caught in Mexico, Miami,
and the Houston airport.
I was touching everybody.
I couldn't tequila and Guadalajara shaking everybody's hands in Houston.
Fuck.
I think,
I think we're drawing the line perfectly at what we can make fun of.
And then like, it stopped.
It's like, Hey, this is obviously we're taking this seriously seriously so you can't come out so um what else is going on like what what have you
been up to yeah what's working not too much uh work's been pretty quiet we're in on a big well
we're trying to get in on a big job with shaw uh the radio actually has been alright but I haven't been on much because I was out of town a little bit in February
I was in Scottsdale
for a week
I saw you there
that was fun
I never told you this
I dropped you off
and I ended up going to take a shit in the bathroom
I had to explode
where did you drop me off again?
was that the hotel? yeah the hotel i had to go in to get a
shit and i left my girl in the car and like next thing you know i come out with this dude who like
came into the stall and was like hey man my phone died can i like uh use your your navigation to see
how far this place is that i'm staying at and i said oh i said fuck i said how far is it like
plug it in so he did
or he told me the address and I plugged it in it wasn't that far so I was like oh fuck I'll give
you a ride and those were the kids that were from Wisconsin they're like he's like oh my god it's
biz nasty when I got out of the stall because he hadn't seen what I looked like so he's like holy
shit my friends aren't gonna believe this he's like and he's like would you come inside to meet
him so I go inside there's like fucking 10 of them staying there it was like the scene at a seinfeld where they were
all in the drawers and shit um but fucking the first room they open the door they all come out
go crazy second door the fucking there's a girl and they're skiing two dudes like it was a full
on fucking crazy show this is at the at the waste management so these fuckers are balling on a budget and getting skied off by some other college chicks so it was a wild night when
i dropped you off after that jesus yeah your night was just beginning you dropped me off you meet
some dudes in the bathroom and you're watching chicks ski pole around somebody's house on airbnb
it was a weird time man it was a weird fucking time oh man. It was a weird fucking time. Oh, fuck.
Good time.
But other than that, dude, I don't have  I was supposed to go to Winnipeg this week for Mike Keene's charity event.
Obviously, that's canceled.
I was supposed to go to Kansas City this weekend from Winnipeg for March Madness.
A buddy of mine hosts this thing at Maple Ranch.
It's called An Hour South of Kansas City.
Good time.
That's canceled.
Everything's canceled.
I got to fuck off. But what was that, R.A Good time. That's canceled. Everything's canceled. I got to fuck off.
But what was that, Ari?
Sorry.
That's all right.
No, does the insider have any scoop on what the NHL's thinking for when they come back?
How many trades did you get right, by the way?
Nice, Ari.
Dude, mission accomplished.
Mission accomplished.
The goal this year, it's always one more than the year previous.
So this is my fourth year doing it
year one was one two two three three four four this was year four and i had some serious fucking
doubts i'm like man four is a lot i'm gonna fuck this up and anyways i drilled it wasn't really a
trade but i counted it was a transaction i got bogosian and then it kind of went i missed mike green which i was
fucking pissed i missed the thompson these are ones that i had like i had them written down i
was going to send it but i was like i gotta wait i'm firing out a little bit too much stuff here
fucked it all up anyways ended up getting athena the green jacket leader right now to edmonton
i got ennis to edmonton so i was sitting at 3 and I was going to skate at 1.30
Calgary time. The trade deadline was ending at
1 o'clock. And I'm like, fuck.
I'm fucked. I got nothing else.
I'm fucked. I'm going to finish at 3.
What a disappointment. So I
drive over to the rink. I sit down in the locker room.
I'm all bummed out. I'm like, god damn it.
I fucked it up for the people. They're going to be
pissed. I'm a fucking fraud.
And I end up i'm
sitting there and i get a message from one of my sources on twitter just a private message
and he's like there you go and i'm like what the fuck so i'm like what do you mean there you go so
then i looked and on day one i forgot i traded him sunny milano to the anaheim ducks that was
one of the last trades to go through. You forgot you dealt him.
I forgot I fucking dealt him, and he came through last second, number four.
I went from, like, down in the dumps, and then I was out there.
I think I scored four or five goals in the ice.
I was so fucking pumped.
Just skating circles around Lanny out there.
Hey, does it annoy teams that you do that?
Like, do you ever get like pushed back for
being like man like come on you're like you're like fucking up the twitter sphere here like
we're trying to get communication out or is it just like you don't give a you don't give a shit
he's getting four i don't give a shit i i think most of the guys kind of laugh i did actually
approach two legit gms this year one was here ingary. I was at the poker event and I was just steaming back drinks.
And Brad Treleving walked by me and I'm like, hey, Brad.
And he's like, hey, Mike, what's up?
I'm like, you going to hook the fucking insider up this year or what?
And he looked at me, laughed and walked away.
I was like, fuck.
And then I sent, I'm like, I guess that means no.
And then I sent, I think it was probably kind of,
I think not trade deadline day, but a day or two before I'm like,
I'm going to give this one a shot.
So I have Jimmy Rutherford's cell number from,
I played for him with Carolina.
So I sent Jimmy a message.
I'm like, Hey, what's up, Jimmy?
Hope all as well.
What do you have?
You're going to hook the insider up this year.
And I got a one word answer about five minutes later, no.
And that was it.
No, like, no how you're doing?
Just a straight-up no.
Like, no, fuck you, fuck off.
Don't use this number again.
Come on.
Hey, we got to grill him about that.
We got to get Penn's PR on this.
That's bad PR for them.
He can't be treating the insider like that.
That's fucking bullshit.
He's not letting the insider even be created in real life.
He's just stomping it out before it becomes an inferno.
Public enemy number one, Jimmy Rutherford.
We're coming for you, buddy.
You're the new Mike Keene.
You're going to get Babcocked.
Did you say you skated circles around Lanny?
That Lanny McDonald's Flames alumni skate?
Yeah, I was joking about the part where I skated circles around him
because although he's almost 70, I can't skate circles around him.
But, yeah, he skates out here all the time.
We have a little alumni skate here.
That's awesome.
Is that every
week no it's good yeah that's uh it's kind of like uh joel auto sets it up he works for the
junior team here the hit men so whenever there's a day where it's probably averages about it depends
month to month but probably like two three times a month sometimes less sometimes more but it's
good to get a bunch of the 89 guys out and so yeah yeah lanny's out
there a lot he can move too still call me pretty good area for like guys your age like who still
kick around like you guys could still meet up and go have beers like there's a pretty good social
circle for like you know old school throwback hockey guys hey yeah i'd say calgary's good like
uh no no alumni wise and stuff like that i actually think i mean
i know i think the st louis blues are kind of like those are top you know yeah that's what i've heard
like top notch like their number one is kind of what everybody says and i don't know where calgary
ranks but i would say definitely up there like uh you know we were involved with the flames a little
bit and that's starting to become more and more they're starting to realize that you know, we were involved with the Flames a little bit, and that's starting to become more and more.
They're starting to realize that, you know,
having the Flames alumni out there a little bit
and promoting their product, promoting the alumni also,
but promoting the Flames is good for them.
But, yeah, no, there's a good group.
I'd say, like, the emails probably go out.
There's got to be probably 100 guys.
And out of those 100 guys, like, half of them you never see.
Like, half of them are no, like, you never see. Like half of them are no, like you never see.
It's not just Flames alumni.
We're talking like NHL alumni that lives in the area.
Half of them you never see, you never hear anything.
You know, another 25 guys you see every once in a while.
I'd say there's probably like, you know, there's like 10 or 12 guys
that do a ton of shit around here, and there's other guys.
I'm probably in the second kind of group where I do whatever I can.
But, no, it's good.
I would say it's good.
I mean, the skates at the Dome are fun.
I mean, it's kind of lame as it sounds.
It is kind of nice to get out there.
I mean, obviously nobody's in the fucking building.
Nobody's watching our shit.
But it's kind of nice to get out there and skate,
and you're back at the Saddle Dome, although it's a shithole.
But, you know, it brings back some memories from the glory days anyways.
I like the Sad of it too.
You like it?
I actually think the first time I ever played there,
I thought it was sick.
Really?
Is it true that the fans on one side of the arena can't see the other side
because of, like, the dip in the building?
Yeah, you know what?
I've never been up that high, but if you're up at the top of one end of the
saddle, there's no way you could see. Did you see the other end or did you remember well I oh you're
saying off to the ends I'm saying off to the sides and all the sides you could see everything
I think the ends you're actually blocked though yeah if you're sitting at the top of one of the
high ends of the saddle there's no way you I don't think there's any way you could see the
other side I wasn't oh go ahead with sorry no i was just gonna say i didn't i don't
think it was like a great arena but i just remember the atmosphere that night it was it was it was a
sick place to play like the the building was bumping they had those old red unis on that they
wear at home that are sick but i actually want to i want to get your opinion on something else. And I'll take you back into like where you began quarantining
when you had like 35,000 cash laying around you in that old,
it looked like a basement warehouse you were in,
in that famous picture people can go Google.
But imagine that your season gets suspended in, you know,
early to mid-March.
You find out you're getting your last three paychecks,
and then you start hearing of things getting canceled in May and June and beyond.
Are you telling me that when you played, because I know when I played how this would have been,
are you telling me that you would have even wanted to get back to it at some point?
Like, these guys, if they're off a month and a half and they're done getting paid,
like, what, we're really starting again?
Do you not agree with that?
No, I agree with that.
I think that the unknown and the things you're watching now, I mean, everything's getting canceled, canceled, canceled.
Basically, every sporting event's getting canceled in a few months out.
Yeah, I would think, like, if you were playing right now like you're not supposed to like i don't
know do you get the guys i don't think you're supposed to get the guys together and skate like
i don't think you're supposed to do anything now is it for sure that they're getting their last
three paychecks i thought they were just getting this one no they're getting paid out i know oh
really okay wow yeah that'd be tough man these guys and they can't go to the gym
all the gyms are closed no all the gyms are closed yeah i don't know it's a weird like
the only thing you could kind of compare it to for us would be like but it's not even really
a comparison would be like you're working out in the summer of 2004 and all you keep hearing about
is like this lockout that's coming,
and you're not going to be playing.
So you could, I guess, sort of compare it to that,
but then not really because everything's open.
You can kind of go about business as usual,
whereas this is, yeah, everything's fucking closed.
I don't know.
Are they allowed to hold captain's skates or something somewhere?
I don't even know if the fucking rinks are open, actually.
They probably aren't. I don't even know if the fucking rinks are open, actually.
There probably aren't.
I don't think they are.
And I read something that they're hoping,
and this is obviously March 17th, they're hoping in three weeks that they might be able to get
a couple of small groups together.
But that's the thing, the unknown of it
and the fact that these guys can't even go into the facilities
and they're now allowed to go home.
They're all traveling home across the planet.
Like, man, I don't think there's hockey.
I think hockey's done, dude.
I think it's it.
I think it's over.
Yeah.
You know what?
For me, if this thing keeps trending like it is,
and obviously none of us play anymore,
but if it's trending like it is,
and let's say this gets stretched out a couple months or, you know,
let's just say the trend continues for a few weeks here
three four five six weeks i hate to say it and people aren't gonna like it but i think it's
fucking done like i mean i saw something just just before i came on about like a july training camp
season ends at the end of july playoffs in august and september and then draft free agency and start the year
November 1st or sometime in November, like next year.
Fuck that.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I just saw it on, I don't know if you guys haven't seen it out of the NHL or
the NHL PA that they kind of leaked apparently on that's what's been proposed.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think you just fucking i hate
to say it i know i mean it would be brutal for these teams that you're in the mix or you made
a bunch of trades and you gave up assets true but if this goes on for a few weeks i think it's like
i mean it's shitty it's fucking brutal you're playing for the fucking boston bruins you're
the best team in the fucking league and it's done that that fucking sucks to back it all up
to back it all up though you just brought up a good point that i never really considered
at the fact that teams traded assets in order to achieve a certain goal i feel that
collectively they probably would all agree that hey we need to play out to see if these assets
that we've traded away worked out.
So that probably outweighs the fact of like maybe someone's opinion being like,
Oh, they're being greedy about it. So now it's not the great thing.
It's more like we need to like,
there's way more that's involved that we're not giving any type of thought
about. I think,
I think anyone listening would have probably not even considered that
variable.
Yeah. I was like i i didn't even think of it when we first when i was on the radio this was kind of just coming while i did that was when everything got canceled i was on i'm like
holy fuck i'm on for the bill peter because i'm on a rotation i'm like i'm on for the season
maybe being canceled peter's fired which was a big deal around here.
But, you know, all kinds of questions come up with that.
So you've got to kind of tiptoe around a little bit.
Yeah, it's interesting, man.
Like, yeah, you trade away a bunch of assets.
And that's how I thought about it when I was driving home.
I'm like, well, what if I'm, you know, whatever,
pick one of the teams that traded away assets.
Hey, we're going to make a run.
We got rid of a first-round pick to pick this guy up.
Taylor Hall, Arizona Coyotes. There you go, Arizona Coyotes. traded away assets. Hey, we're going to make a run. We got rid of a first round pick to pick this guy up or whatever.
Arizona Coyotes.
There you go. Arizona Coyotes.
They give a bunch of assets away.
Yeah. And Taylor Hall comes and he plays
whatever 20 games or whatever
he's played there and that's it.
And he's gone.
I mean, they weren't in a
playoff spot and I think they were
trailing by about four points at the time this all got shut down.
But nonetheless, like, hey, maybe they would have
not the most ridiculous thing that they would have got in,
and they give up a first-rounder, right?
So, damn.
Call me.
Call me.
Yeah.
I will say this, though.
Jeremy Jacobs is the one that  he's like the lead owner in all of this,
and the Bruins have a chance to win and he wants to make money.
So if there's one reason that they will play again,
it's because that guy's in charge and he's going to walk games.
Mr. Burns.
Yeah, I could see it.
I mean, he's been kind of the leader of the owners for how long now?
20, I don't know, 20 years, at least forever, longer than that.
Ever since I started, he's always kind of Jeremy Jacobs,
Jeremy Jacobs, Jeremy Jacobs.
Could you imagine being that rich?
And I wouldn't be  sometimes I dream about it.
It'd be nice.
Some of these investments would pay off.
You don't want to look at your investment portfolio these days, though.
Call me.
You're a well-off guy.
I mean, yeah, I sometimes imagine being that rich,
but if you're rich enough to fly private everywhere, that's all I need.
That is the ultimate rich of rich.
Like anything after that is  I don't even care.
If you can fly private everywhere, that is
Now you're doing a fishing contest.
Are you not in agreement with me there?
I'm in agreement.
You took the words right out of my mouth,
the private jet thing, and I'd like
to have enough.
Yes, that would be number one.
Then it's like no more. You just go wherever,
golf wherever you want, when you fucking want,
bring whoever the fuck you want,
charge them if you want or not, fuck it.
And I would like to have enough
just to get a little piece,
not even that I'd be good at it, just a little piece of a hockey team,
just so I can get my fucking fingers in there a little bit.
I would love that.
That would be number two.
I'd be a fucking awesome owner.
But that's where I consider that's too unrealistic to even think about.
Like, private jet money is sort of there.
But, I mean, to own a team, you've got to have 500.
That's what I'm saying.
I don't need that.
Just give me the jet.
You know, if you're worth 200, you could have like 50 million in one.
You could have a little chunky.
Hey, like I'm telling you this, Whit.
If that pink Whitney keeps popping off, I'd say this.
You might be able to, and there's a name attached to you.
Like that's like, hey, that's not a little neat.
I'll open like a driving range range in southern Texas or something.
Then fucking do it.
Then do it.
That'll be what I get out of it.
I'll be the hockey tin cup.
Let's talk about this Pink Whitney for a second.
Dude, you still can't get that shit around here.
Crazy.
You can, but it's sold out.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm not saying it's not here.
It is here.
It's incredible.
You guys are killing it.
We actually had a couple bottles on the,
it was one of the,
it was probably the major reason
why we were all loaded on the trip.
We went and watched one on our,
on the client trip to Florida.
We actually flew into Fort Lauderdale
and we went and watched the Flames
play the Panthers on the Sunday night in Sunrise.
Boy, I fucking missed that dump.
Fuck, there was nothing going on.
But we had a couple drinks there, and then we took the bus down to Miami,
and there was a couple bottles of Pink Whitney on there.
By the time we got there, they were all gone.
The group was in one.
Oh, sneak attack.
Sneak attack.
Exactly.
You have five or six of those.
I'm like, oh my god.
I'm like, hey guys, you've got to be careful with it because I've had
a couple before and I'm like, hey, drinking
out of the bottle is great, but just remember it's coming
out of the bottle and that's not a cocktail.
But I don't know how many people actually remembered.
During this time of
boredom and just
basically disaster,
I try to think of the good times.
So I think of, you know, we have a trip planned,
call me and I with 14 others to Scotland in July.
Now let's hope it happens.
Whatever.
We don't know.
No one has any answers.
You got any memories off these golf trips that come to mind right away
that make you laugh?
I mean, we've been doing the, I think, what is it, eight years now?
Yeah, this is the eighth.
This will be our fourth trip overseas.
I mean, the first one that pops into my mind is fucking Brad May.
I would always get matched up against him in the singles.
And we were in, we were playing, I forget.
Well, it wouldn't have been.
No, it was the Ryder Cup because we had too many north americans so i had played in russia the year before so i got traded to
team europe because i was over there so i'm like yeah i'll play for europe so i played brad may
it's like the third year in a row that i played this fucking guy we're at port stewart in northern
ireland and i'm like dusted you every other time right didn't he dust you the first dusted me
dusted me every time the first two times dust me i think this was the third time and i'm like all
right enough of this shit for mayday like my golf game's pretty good right now for me i'm gonna
fucking give it to this guy and i remember it was like the 12th tee or something i'm down like four
like i am getting fucking trounced and And I'm like, all right.
I'm like, it was kind of a, he was kind of, he had to move his tee shot.
Anyways, I've been sitting there watching him hit shots all day.
I'm like, holy fuck.
Gets up to the tee.
It was a pretty difficult tee shot.
And he's like, oh, you want me to turn this over?
And Mayday's a lefty.
And I remember I'm like, yeah.
And I don't think he's going to be able to turn it over.
And he ropes one out there from left to right.
He's a left-handed golfer, perfect fucking drive.
And then looks back at me and smiled.
And for whatever reason, I can't stop thinking about that.
And then I was done.
I'm like, I think I lost every hole.
I was fucking, I should have just walked off the course.
He tigers you?
That's one memory.
Dude, that guy.
Like it was literally perfect.
When he gets in a groove, he's like Bubba Watson, long-ass lefty swing.
And if he gets a stroke, it's a guaranteed par pretty much in a big match.
And he will tell you nonstop about how big of a hole it was as he beat your ass in.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he's fucking great.
He beat me three times in a row and then after that i'm like it
was my whole focus i'm like come on so i think the next year we were in kiowa and i finally we're
playing the ocean course there and i finally got him but he made like a comeback hard at the end
too i was beating him pretty good at the beginning and i'm like all right i should have this wrapped
up and then he just came hard charging at the end and And I think I finished him off on 17 or 18,
but I was definitely worried about it.
Guys, I don't gamble.
I don't gamble in golf.
So are you saying that this guy is just the type of guy
that always rises to the occasion?
Because like, you're not insinuating that he's like,
not saying he's like a certain handicap, right?
Because like...
No, he's just legit handicap. I think he's like a certain handicap right because like no he's just legit handicap i think he's like
a six maybe so in the battle he just like he's just he's fierce yeah he's a good he's a good
good player he's a good six or seven handicap like he'll show you like 77 sometimes he's
he'll even lower he's he's mayday oh yeah oh yeah he's so yeah I think he comes in with like a six cap.
His cap's legitimate, but he's a six cap with like a good swing,
and he can have days where he's like a couple over.
He makes some putts, and he doesn't get too hammered.
He can have a day out there.
Oh, he likes to get after it?
Oh, we all get after it, but I'll tell you.
Oh, yeah.
I've told the story.
Call me was there when he got the hole in one, and we went to celebrate celebrate and i gave him an ambien instead of an adderall by accident i mean
that's the worst still the worst thing i've ever done to someone
i was go ahead come on i was sitting right beside you guys when that restaurant when you guys when
you figured it out it was i was literally right beside Mayday I think
and you were on the other side of him and I'm like
what's going on with these guys what the fuck
and then you like
dawned on you you were like holy
fuck I gave you an Ambien
and I couldn't stop fucking laughing Mayday can't
keep his eyes open but he wants to keep them open
so bad because he wants to
and I did it by the way I did it to my
I did the same thing so I mean like it wasn't like I felt as bad because I dum to pull a fit. By the way, I did it to my I did the same thing.
It wasn't like I felt as bad because I
dummied myself. He said,
are you sure this is
supposed to give me energy?
I just said,
dude, oh my god.
I gave you an empty mask.
You guys drug yourself.
I hope that trip goes.
What about this one?
I got a question for you.
Biz sent a tweet last night.
If you had to spend two months locked in an apartment with any celebrity
with zero technology, who would you pick?
Two-bedroom, too, so you get separation.
You get some separation.
Biz picked Keanu Reeves because he loves The Matrix.
No, no.
I don't.
Hey, listen, I'm not down with his
acting he's just an awesome guy it's all it's known throughout all entire Hollywood that he's
like one of the most generous human beings he takes time with the staff to shake everybody's
hand around set get to know them he's not he doesn't he's no no there's no drama queen in him
he's just a good salt of the earth guy and I think for some of these roles and just in life in general,
he's like done some interesting shit.
Like I think he knows how to like do samurai swords and like,
he could just tell you about all this weird shit he's done that you've never
done. And I think it would be an interesting two months and he's respectful.
He ain't going to get your space and like, Hey man, like, you know,
do you want to make dinner?
Do you want to wash?
He's going to do shit around the house.
Two months.
As far as me, I guess, I mean, The Rock,
I think that's a pretty decent answer.
If I had to spend two months with that dude, he seems pretty funny.
He's successful.
He's got a good story.
And you'll get jacked.
No, you're probably not going to sit around for two months.
Yeah, and I'm not going to sit around and walk out of the place after two months and wait 280 so that'd be nice
so i guess i'll go with the fucking rock uh that brings up the rock working out makes me think what
do you do now like are you are you at the gym like how's the body right now me and you can get
similar in terms of like skinny fatness i feel like like. Oh, dude, Commie is a unit.
Yeah, he's fucking, yeah, but Commie's like way thicker than I am,
but he's not exactly shredded either.
No, no, he's a fucking unit.
Yeah, he's thick.
No, I wasn't shredded in the best of days.
No, you know what?
I'm actually, it's actually from, oh, fuck,
I wasn't shredded when I was in the best shape of my life.
I couldn't get an F.
I can't.
Yeah, never.
Like, never.
That's like not E.
You know what I've been doing?
I've been doing F45.
You know, Mark Wahlberg.
I think he's involved in it now somehow.
But I can't do, like, if I had a gym here in my house, which I don't, but if I did,
like, I would never touch it.
I can't go down there and like I wish I could motivate myself, but I can't.
But if you put me in like a class, some kind of class of any sort,
like I'll work.
So that's what I do.
It's an hour, like 45 minutes.
You're in and out of there a total in an hour.
I've been doing that.
I actually don't mind it.
It's close to my place, so I'm there quick.
I'd like to get into yoga for golf
but i've tried that fucking shit it's so hard for me i sweat way more than everybody else is like
cruising through it i'm sitting there i'm squeaking on my mat because i'm fucking sweating so much
and i get like i mean i'm not a self-conscious guy but i'm like god damn why the fuck is this
so hard for me so i i don't do yoga but i should if i could pick i'd do like a lift i'd do a f45
few days a week and then i'd mix in a yogurt too but how about that how about this call me
can't get into it how about if this thing keeps going you run a yoga class
on like a one of these live streams we get fucking kami yoga we'll get the body suit out
oh yeah i got the fucking mat i got everything i need i just never use it yeah this thing gets We'll get the body suit out. Oh, yeah.
I got the fucking mat.
I got everything I need.
I just never use it.
Yeah, this thing gets going.
Maybe I'll set up a camera in here.
It'll be Tommy Yoga.
It'll be fucking.
You're going to be a cam girl.
Yeah, I can barely touch the ground.
The insider's yoga.
You're pretty thick, Tommy.
You should make some money off cam.
Bizzy's going to get 70 of your paychecks from this thing now, too.
Oh, shut up.
I was going to go 50-50.
That sounds like a great deal.
Hey, I said earlier, you're thick, man.
There's a market for that, man.
You could be like, you know, and if you work on your angles and shit, man,
you can make some serious dough.
We had that foot girl on.
And lighting.
Did you remember when we had that foot?
The girl who has like a foot Instagram.
She's like a hustler.
This girl that I knew in Phoenix.
Oh, I missed that one.
She has like a private account where you have to like pay money in order to follow the account
because these like sick puppies like looking at chicks' feet.
So she's like, oh, they really like like the wrinkles on the bottom.
And like she monetizes that.
Like she sends them private videos and shit.
I don't think she was doing this, but it goes to the extent of these girls who foot jerk off their boyfriends.
And these dudes are paying money to watch it.
Like a lot of people.
People are fucked.
People are fucked up.
No, I don't.
They're fucked,
man.
Yeah.
So it'd be like the Rex Ryan,
like kind of foot fetish thing.
And this girl has an Instagram account where basically all she points,
all she does is post pictures of her feet.
That's it.
Yeah.
Feet different ways and in different pictures.
And yeah,
man,
she can.
And I bet you she's probably making.
They're just sitting there looking at their
phone looking at her feet and just stroking themselves like god i mean to each their own
i guess there's something worse he could be into but god damn it that's true as long as hey that's
hey that's you're not hurting anybody we should get her back on during all this we should this
is probably a time and need for her so she's like probably pumping out massive content
the archbishop i would the arch first thing i thought of hey her name's her her uh instagram
name's the archbishop i'll be following her momentarily
this would be i was thinking about this the other day with everybody fucking,
this would be a prime time.
Well, it's obviously kind of hard with a hockey podcast,
but pumping out content right now would be huge.
You know, people are just going to be sitting,
everybody is going to be sitting at home fucking staring at their phone.
That's why we're doing the yoga class.
Yeah, good idea.
What do you got for him, Whit?
You got any more for him, Whit?
My days are a joke on me.
Wake up, throw some...
I have this CBD bath bomb I chuck in the tub,
take a hot tub, cover myself in CBD.
Hey, I'll get you some can I brands.
I got to send you can I brands.
Yeah, I've asked you that like 40 times.
I know.
I asked you to send me your address.
I'm sorry.
I didn't see that.
I didn't see that,
but call me.
You know what I'm saying?
It's just like,
God damn it.
This is boring.
And if the golf course is closed,
God help me.
Besides if I actually get the disease,
that sounds bad.
That sounds bad.
I'm saying God help.
I'm saying God help me to keep the golf courses open
so if I get Corona, people may be rooting against me in that battle.
Oh, we got to tee Witt up for this.
So when I was visiting him before our Boston trip,
or no, our Toronto trip,
I finally went to Witt's house for the first time.
I mean a pretty,
pretty pompous neighborhood.
And,
uh,
Whoa,
whoa,
pompous.
No,
like it's,
I made a lot of money.
There was an Academy in the neighborhood.
I was like,
no,
there isn't.
Oh,
what was the cat?
Oh,
Milton Academy.
That's a nice,
nice prep school.
That's near me.
But my name, Pompous is like, it doesn't Pompous mean like prick,
although I guess you say it.
It means like, I'm like, oh, it's a little stuffy around here.
It's a nice neighborhood.
Yeah, well, I was pumping your tires.
It was more of a compliment.
I was like, geez, I better not look as high.
I don't want to be judged by the neighbors.
I'm going to clean it up here.
I better take off my bane coat. Yeah, I better take look as high. I don't want to be judged by the neighbors. I've got to clean it up here. I better take off my Bane coat.
Yeah, I better take off my Bane coat.
I don't want them thinking I'm coming in with some fucking whatever.
Anyway, but apparently Witt swings the golf club all day long in the house
while he's on his phone calls.
And his wife will be like, he'll nick the wall sometimes,
and his wife will be like, he'll nick the wall sometimes. And his wife will be like, Ryan, stop swinging the club.
Losing at him.
Just fucking giving it to him.
Do you ever swing in the living room?
I know you do.
No.
No.
I'm actually, yeah, I do.
I have a golf club.
I haven't done it very often.
I got a fucking two irons hitting right next to the fucking fireplace.
And every once in a while, I'll pretend that I'm hitting like a little stinger.
And I try not to,
I'm actually kind of scared to fucking swing it.
Cause I'll take a chunk out of the fucking floor or something,
but that's what,
what's everyone at home.
Everyone at home who plays golf,
you play golf with fucking Mike Commodore and you get up to a hole.
That's four 40.
It's a par four.
And he takes out this 2-iron and hits
it 290. I want to stab you
in the throat with my pencil
from the scorecard. You and that
2-iron. No wonder it's in your
living room. You probably sleep with that thing.
I love that
thing. But then I'll miss the green with my second
and then I got to get it up and down. I'll either chunk
the chip and I'll have to make a bomb or I get it
up and down when I shouldn't. Well, I got to ask you up and down. I'll either chunk the chip and I'll have to make a bomb or I get it up and down when I shouldn't.
Well, I got to ask you then if you're
I got to ask you if you're such a big golf nut.
We had Crosby on and he had that little cheat club.
What was it called?
What the hell is that?
What was it called?
He's got one of those fucking chippers that's like the infomercial.
Yeah, the spin doctor.
The spin doctor, okay?
So he's got
Okay.
So hear me out.
So keep in mind, Sidney Crosby was dragging my name through the mud
calling me a sandbagger.
Well, this guy had the spin doctor in his bag,
and he'd been playing it with all these years.
When he's sucking back
what do you call it when you hit it hit it past the hole and it like comes back
like backspin yeah you spin it backspin yeah yeah yeah and so he's probably that spin doctor
has probably got fucking square fucking grooves on it fucking probably illegal well it was and
he was playing with all those years how do you feel about that what if you found out a competitor
of yours on the golf course like what if mayday was using the spin doctor and you found
out after a few rounds well you know what if it was mayday in particular and i found out after a
few rounds i'd probably let it slide because he'd beat the living shit out of me so with mayday
i probably wouldn't say anything with crosby though i might have to fuck he should have good
hands no is he a good golfer i watched a little bit of your guys clip when you guys went is he I probably wouldn't say anything With Crosby though I might have to Fuck he should have good hands
No is he a good golfer
I watched a little bit
Of your guys' clip
When you guys went
Is he good
He hits it good
He barely ever plays
If he starts playing a lot
He'd get to be really good
Because he's
He's smart
Well you're the same way
But he's a lefty
Like he is in hockey
I should be a lefty in golf
Like anything
If you play hockey
Right or left
That's what you should be in golf
I'm the opposite too.
It sucks. It's so
similar in the sense of what you're doing
with your body. The funniest thing, though,
is that we all,
Commodore and myself and Ryan Malone all
play righty. Well, Commie was a righty in hockey, but
Bugsy and I were lefties in hockey. Now,
Bugsy putts lefty, though, so he
hits every iron driver righty
and then takes out his lefty putter
And rolls him in
Hey Bugsy
Then tackles you on the fucking head
Oh rolls him in
Oh Bugsy in Scotland
Oh shit
Heads up everyone
Bugsy's coming to Glasgow
Just trying to catch a buzz
Just trying to catch a buzz
I ain't here for a long time
I'm here for a good time
Came here to get fucked up
Not fucked down
Thank you so much buddy
This is good
I would have been laughing in the mic there
I thought it was a funny story
But sometimes when these go along
I got a piss in a bottle
I do that too People think we go to the bathroom when we cut stuff no
i just piss right in a smart water bottle while i'm recording just to keep the flow energy you
know when you're you know when you're holding it by the dedication you guys oh buddy you know when
you're holding it by the nozzle by accident at the start and then as it gets heavier and heavier
you're like oh i don't have a good grip on this thing that's to the level i got but okay my hand strength it kept up with it
and i didn't drop the piss bottle the prep professionalism is off the charts on the pod
um all right buddy we're gonna wrap this thing up anything else you want to say before you leave
like do you want to wish anyone a happy birthday?
Fuck. Man, I don't think I got a fucking thing to say. I'm bored.
Alright, well, we've
had enough. Well, I shouldn't say that.
I think Commie's had enough. We appreciate you
coming on, buddy. We had to catch up,
shoot the shit, and I hope you're staying healthy.
And we'll talk to you soon.
Hopefully I see you in July, man. I need
nothing more than that.
Yeah.
Well, yes, I hope.
Fuck Scotland and Iceland.
Hopefully it works out.
As usual, fellas, thanks a lot for having me on.
I appreciate it.
Anytime.
Anytime you guys need a time,
fill it, you let me know.
That's always a huge thanks to our buddy, Kami.
He's definitely a beauty and we love having him on.
So, Kami, take care during these weird times.
Hey, boys, we talked about Will Francis last episode,
the hockey player in the USHL who was diagnosed with leukemia.
Well, he checked in to say thank you very much for the shout-out we gave him,
and he had some very kind words. It was a pretty emotional email to get when I read the message, rather.
I shared with you guys, and it was nice that he checked in to say thanks.
So we're going to get him some chicklet swag.
It should be on the way right now.
And keep fighting, brother.
We know you got this one.
And we want to send congrats out to St. Cloud assistant coach Mike Gibbons.
He retired after 40 years of coaching hockey.
Not all at St. Cloud State, but just want to acknowledge him.
He's maybe not the guy at the front of the bench,
but we like to acknowledge people in the game when they've given their heart and soul.
So, again, a big congrats to St. Cloud assistant Mike Gibbons,
who after 40 years is calling it a day.
Does it say if he coached at St. Cloud around the year 2000?
When Bugsy was there?
Yeah.
I was thinking of that, too.
Because that adds  because if you coach 40 but four with Bugsy,
that's really like coaching 50.
Yeah, that's a good point.
I was thinking of that.
It's a little tougher to find with an assistant as opposed to a head.
Well, the coach won't be looking to hire staff anymore now that he's retired,
but some of you listeners certainly will be,
and you can make it easier by checking out ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter sends your job to over 100 of the web's leading job sites,
but they don't stop there.
With their powerful matching technology,
ZipRecruiter scans thousands of resumes to find people with the right experience
and invite them to apply to your job.
And right now, to try ZipRecruiter for free,
our listeners can go to ZipRecruiter.com slash checklists.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash C-h-i-c-l-e-t-s
ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire. All right, gang,
we're going to send it over to our other Columbus defenseman right now, heading over to Zach Orens.
Well, we've been chasing our next guest like the fugitive for the last two years.
He's one of the league's bright young defensemen,
as well as half of one of the league's best young tandems.
Still just 22 years old and already has four seasons under his belt.
He recently set the team record for goals by a defenseman in a season
for the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Zach Wierenski.
I like that intro, all right.
You guys have been chasing it for a while, huh?
I mean, is it chasing or is it like, yeah, we'll do one at 10 a.m. tomorrow.
I'll see you then.
And then we just hear from you at like 1.30.
Like, yeah, I slept in, guys.
Sorry, I'll get you next time.
I know.
That's on me.
And to clear it up, I wasn't sleeping in.
I just, I skated and then I completely forgot about something.
Are you a bit of an airhead?
Do you forget a lot of shit?
Probably 50-50, I guess.
It depends.
You know, the thing is, honestly, I turn my notifications
off, so after the skate,
I knew I had an interview, but
when you're in the middle of summer
and you just get bagged on the ice, the last thing I do is check my phone.
I'm usually just sitting there in the locker room with the guys hanging out for a bit.
And I came out like 11.20.
I think our interview was scheduled for like 11.
I see your guys' messages on Instagram.
I'm like, where are you, man?
I'm like, come on.
I did it twice, and the second time I felt horrible.
But that one's on me just to clear things up.
That's all right.
All is forgiven.
We got you now, buddy.
So how are you doing with everything that's been going on the last few days?
Yeah, where are you at?
Yeah, I'm back home in Michigan right now.
It's been a wild few days.
You know, I don't think anyone thought I was going to get to this.
Do you actually remember, so the night that the NBA shut down and it had already been talked about that there was going to get to us. Do you actually remember, so the night that the NBA shut down
and it had already been talked about
that there was going to be games,
the Sharks were one team with no fans and things.
Had you guys heard anything about canceling?
Was it as much of a shock to you
when the NBA shut it down as everyone else?
Or were there kind of rumors flying around
that you didn't know what was going to end up
happening in the NHL?
Yeah, well, I was in Columbus.
We just got back from a long road trip.
We practiced on Wednesday and then we kind of heard that the governor was
going to say no large events and he came out and recommended it.
And we still said we're going to play with our fans through the weekend.
So we played Thursday at home versus Pittsburgh and Saturday versus Nashville. So we said we're going to continue with our fans through the weekend. We played Thursday at home versus Pittsburgh and Saturday versus Nashville.
So we said we're going to continue on with fans through the weekend,
and then the next day he came out and said it's an order.
So we were going to play that night against Pitt without fans.
And once I saw the NBA cancel, I kind of knew it was coming.
I feel like everyone kind of felt the same way.
You know, you can't have one huge late canceling
and then other teams still playing and whatnot, because a lot of times you share the same way. You know, you can't have one huge late canceling and then other teams still playing and whatnot
because a lot of times you share the same buildings as those teams.
So, you know, it's crazy, like I said.
I never thought I'd get to this, but here we are, I guess.
Zach, you guys lost a lot of key performance in last season.
Free agency, they went elsewhere.
You had a ton of injuries.
You lost your number one goalie.
Then another number one goalie came out of nowhere.
You lost him.
How have you guys been able to stay in a playoff spot and just keep battling
and staying where you are in a wildcard
spot? Sorry about that.
Let's talk
about how long that question was.
Let's have a little fun with that.
That was one of the most amazing
questions. That's why he heard
one of those questions before. That's why he heard one of those questions before.
That's why he didn't come on.
Yeah, no.
But, no, I mean, I think the crazy thing to me was I think all last year
we knew it was coming.
You know, to the media, you never really know.
You kind of have an idea as a player, and I think as a team we knew
what was going on.
We knew that was kind of our last go-around with that group of guys.
So coming into the year, I think we all had a lot to prove to ourselves,
to each other, to our city, and to the National Hockey League
that we were still a good hockey team and we were still a playoff contender.
And then obviously with Torrance being our coach,
he's a great motivator for our team.
It's kind of a next-man-up mentality. And I think just everything that's happened this year being our coach, he's a great motivator for our team. It's kind of a next-man-up mentality.
And I think just everything that's happened this year with our group,
all the injuries, all the man-games lost,
he's been there the whole time trying to get us going,
getting guys where they need to be
and making sure we're ready to play every single night.
So I think it's kind of a mix between us knowing that this was coming
and we had a lot to prove,
and obviously
torts being the coach he is and getting the team going as well so my guess was uh that torts in
some form one way or the other said to you guys before the season everyone thinks you're going to
be shit like was that accurate did he kind of did he kind of let you know what everyone was saying
yeah from day one you know i think we got our two-mile run
in the first day of training camp, which is the worst.
That's a lot of fun.
Torch training camp is, I don't know how to begin with it.
That's what I'm thinking about right now as the season's over.
Camp Tortorella.
You got to be careful as a coach so you can't push them too hard.
You don't want to be blowing groins at the beginning of the season
because I've seen a few teams where the guys were a little older
where they pushed too hard, and next thing you know we're dealing with injuries
yo biz torts used to have like a 40 lap skate i think something ridiculous oh yeah yeah we do that
too the second day oh you still he still has it oh yeah this guy's gonna be coaching in russia
one day he's gonna because they're gonna change the rules where you can't bag these guys so hard.
Yeah, no, honestly, it's insane, but he's good about it.
But, you know, back to what I was saying,
we did a two-mile run the first day.
We come in at 6 a.m. the next morning.
I'm not even on the ice until 2,
but I'm coming in at 6 a.m.
I can't walk.
I can't get out of bed.
My legs are going to blow back.
They're killing me already.
It's day one of the season.
And we get to the rink, and the first thing he says is,
everyone thinks you're going to be shut.
You know, everyone thinks you're going to be not even a playoff team,
not even close.
You're going to be a lottery team this year.
So that was kind of our mentality from day one.
And then knowing him with, you know, how good he is at motivating guys,
I think he just kind of put that fire under our team
and kind of took off from there.
Are you the type of guy where, like, if he challenges you,
you like that?
Like, are you or do you guys have a pretty calm relationship
where he knows what he's getting from you most nights?
When you're making a few mistakes one night,
he doesn't get too hard on you?
Or is it just fair game?
You know, me and him a kind of a different relationship to start you know my career in columbus um my first year
i came in and everything was you know pretty smooth sailing as a rookie for me uh i didn't
really deal with too much adversity and he just he just let me go out there and play which was
awesome um then my second year i kind of ran into some struggles uh i tore my way from like
october 30th or something at the end of the season uh started playing like shit defensively and you
know he was really hard on me um and our relationship kind of got a little rocky and i don't think he
could really figure me out as a player because I'm kind of more relaxed.
I'm not the guy to go out there and hit or look like I'm skating a million miles an hour.
I think that bothered him.
I think he wanted to see that out of me, and, you know, I'm just not that type of player.
So as the years went on, and even my third year, it was pretty hard on me early on, and as the year ended, coming off shoulder surgery and whatnot,
I started to play better, find my game. Me and him started to figure each other out, and then the year ended um coming off shoulder surgery and whatnot i started to play better finally game me and him started to figure each other out and then this year our relationship's
been unbelievable he's been letting me play i think i've been playing better so it allows him
to just let me play and um it's been it's been a ton of fun playing for him these four years
hey i was just gonna ask you a quick small one there i see a little bit of zubov in your game
where if you're able to play at a certain pace,
like not much scares you.
When you have the puck on your stick,
you're very calm coming up the ice.
At least that's what I got in the American League.
Like I was coming, guys were going at you
and you were fucking shaking them off like nothing.
And I saw that when you came in just after college, right?
Were you playing in college
and then you went there at the end of the season?
Yeah, yeah. I played at Michigan and I finished here with Cleveland college, right? Were you playing in college and then you went there at the end of the season? Yeah.
I played at Michigan. I finished
here at Cleveland. I played two years in
the conference
finals, I think it was.
Yeah, actually
playing against you was the first
time I was actually playing against a guy
that I was like, oh my god, I'm
playing against an NHL player.
Oh, man.
What a break, Zach.
I'm not going to just stop it. I don't know about that one.
Yeah, sound.
We were playing, guys, I don't know if you remember this,
but it was game three or four in Cleveland,
and you're chirping guys and blowing everyone
up and a couple guys on the bench
are giving it to you. When you go out there and you score,
I'll sit on the bench
and you come by just staring everyone
down on the bench.
Oh, I was buzzing.
I knew that was going to be one of my last years.
I wasn't sure if I was going to play another year.
So that was my last. I knew you guys were better. I knew that was it and they one of my last years. I wasn't sure if I was going to play another year. So that was my last.
I knew you guys were better.
I knew that was it, and they were getting every ounce out of me.
And I actually had a decent series.
I was fucking lighting guys up.
Yeah, you were.
But you guys were awesome.
I was playing with Steve Eminger.
We were D partners.
And every time I got out there, he'd look at me and say,
hey, watch out for him.
You just took the words out of my mouth.
One of my favorite former teammates and good friend, Steve Eminger.
So I knew, I mean, I heard about you.
You got drafted, high pick, top 10.
But I didn't really know anything about you or know anyone who knew you.
And I talked to Emi on that run you guys went on.
I was like, oh, this kid.
Oh, my God.
This kid's unbelievable.
Like, you know, Evan, how he talks.
It's so funny.
It was so easy to you right out of the gate.
I mean, a great run. You went to
the finals, get it done, but that must have
made it so much easier for you to go into camp
the following year just because you knew all the guys.
Yeah, 100.
I mean, especially for me, I got
lucky. Like you just said, you know, I have a guy, Steve Evans. From the me I got lucky like like you just said you know I have a guy
Steve Evans and from the second I got there they paired me with him um I got to play a few regular
season games and play the the Calder Cup with him and our team was so stacked with Josh Anderson
Oliver Bjorkstrand uh Dean Kukin you know we were we were we were a real deal AHL team to win that
uh most of the guys played the next year in the real deal ahl team to win that uh mostly guys played
the next year in the nhl and i'm going to camp that year i felt way more comfortable you know
just getting there and get my feet wet in the american league seth jones and you you buy you
guys have basically been connected at the hip on the ice since the start of the 16 17 season you
no other defensive pairs played more minutes together five on five is seth one of them all
like under the radar defenseman in the league because He's so good, but it doesn't seem like we hear about him
like we do maybe other guys in other cities.
Yeah, I mean,
I think a little bit has to do
with the fact that we're a smaller market
in Columbus. I think
if you have a guy like Seth Jones playing in Toronto
or Montreal
or a bigger market,
he's a frontrunner for the Norris
every single year. He's an awesome guyner for the Norris every single year.
He's an awesome guy.
Me and him have been great friends since I've joined the league.
I used to play with his brother Caleb at the national team, actually,
so I knew him a little bit.
Second, I got to Columbus.
Me and him were partners from game one.
It seems like we played together pretty much like 90 of the games I've played.
But, yeah, like you said, he's one of my underrated guys,
but I think that just comes with our market.
But I think as the years go, next year, the year after,
I think he's going to get some serious talk for the North trophy.
You guys ever talk shit about who's better?
No, no.
No, I mean, no, we can't do that.
We're a pair, and I think we just attack that head on.
He's just like, I just know you're going to be up in the rush more than I am,
so don't worry.
I got you, Zach.
Yeah, sometimes actually, and I think it's Torch's favorite
when me and him lead the rush together.
He loves that.
Whenever we come back to the bench and me and Seth are down by the net,
he's always buzzing.
You guys lead the league in D-to-D passes beneath the circles
in the offensive zone.
It's like back to
what happened from d2d no i mean i honestly i wouldn't surprise me if that's even a stat i
wouldn't be surprised in him leave that category i want to ask about anderson um i saw him play in
that calder cup run as well and i'm like wow this big man can move and he can shoot the puck
do you think this guy when he gets healthy do you think when he's playing can move and he can shoot the puck. Do you think this guy, when he gets healthy,
do you think when he's playing at his best,
he can be an NHL 30 goal scorer on a regular basis?
Yeah, 100.
He's a beast, especially last year.
I think we really saw him come into his own.
I think he scored like 27 or 8 last year.
Had an awesome year for us.
He fights, he hits, he's fast, he has a great shot.
He's got that sauce.
He's got the sauce, as the kids say.
Yeah, he does, honestly.
And, you know, I think this year, he had a shoulder injury last year.
I think he hurt it against Boston in game six.
From the start of the year, I knew he was kind of feeling a little off,
and then he hurt it again and just dealt with some injuries.
But I know when he comes back after this, he's going to be flying out there.
He's unreal.
I saw a picture recently.
I don't know who sent it to me if it was online.
You just had an absolute wagon of like a 10-year-old hockey team, correct?
How many NHL guys were on that team, or maybe you were a little
older than 10?
There was
four of us.
Four first-round picks on our team.
Me, Larkin,
Kyle Conner, and Brendan Perlini.
Just dusting everyone.
What team was it?
Alex Nedeljkovic was our goalie,
and he's going to be a stud.
It was Beltair.
Yeah, we were the Jays.
Yeah, I think we won like  we lost like four times all year, I think.
Did you win the Quebec tournament?
No, we didn't.
Oh, yeah, I did.
We lost the Quebec tournament over time.
Yeah.
Yeah, Witt brought that up to talk about himself.
What an asshole, eh?
Yeah.
Hey, I was going to go to Larkin.
That guy is such a clown.
Are you still good buddies with him to this day?
Yeah, I see him all the time in the summers.
Dude, he is such a silly guy.
I don't think he wants to come on and let it fly
until he's established a bit more. I think he's he wants to come on and let it fly until he's established a bit more.
I think he's probably going to get to see it in
Detroit, so he doesn't want to come on here
and maybe say something stupid and all of a sudden
they're like, oh, this guy's not ready.
But he is the fucking funniest guy.
Yeah, he's the funniest guy ever.
I have so many stories about that guy.
We roomed together.
Let's go. Open him up.
I don't know.
That's what I'm saying.
You can't tell any of them.
That's when you know it's a good buddy.
I know.
I know.
I'll have to let him come out first and kind of establish himself,
and then maybe I'll come back with some stories
because I got a lot of good ones with that guy.
Zach, I want to ask you about leaving college.
Was that a simple decision for you, leaving after your sophomore year,
or something you had to, like, mull over for a while?
No, I mean, I think at the was i kind of knew i was ready um my first year was my draft year and like i said i got to remember larch and um you know i had a pretty good year
and i want to go back to my second season um just uh you know play more, become more dominant at that level.
We had a stacked team. Kyle Conner came in that year
and had almost 80 points, which is
insane in college hockey.
That World Junior
had a good tournament there. I kind of knew
from that point on I was kind of ready
to move on and get started with my
pro career.
Playing at Michigan and playing
at Yost is one of the best places
to play, and it's unbelievable.
I was
going to ask, too, about Columbus. I think it's one of those
cities that not a lot of fans know about.
It's been in the league for 20 years now, but
what's the most surprising thing about you
on a positive level that when you got there, you're like,
oh, this place is pretty good?
Yeah, I mean, I think
fans don't really realize how good the fans are in Columbus.
You know, I think our fans are super loud,
and the playoffs, they were unbelievable the last couple years,
especially in the Tampa series.
That was huge for our city, huge for our fan base.
They've been waiting a while for that, so that was awesome.
And then the food there in Columbus.
You know, the food in Columbus is unbelievable. I don't think people realize that um i'm a huge food guy i mean every
night before games we're going out to eat somewhere a new restaurant and every time it doesn't
disappoint so that's something that's very underrated about the city of columbus
you always um as a player you kind of hope you get along or have good veterans in your rookie year in the NHL.
And you had Scotty Hartnell.
Like, I mean, how perfect was it having that guy in the room?
Yeah, he's the best.
You know, I think for me to come in at that age, at 19,
and just sit kind of near him in the locker room,
I was just watching everything he did.
Just how loose he was before games.
Even in soccer and Super Bowl, he was just a man in a circle.
I mean, like, I'd come in there and I'd start kind of messing around,
trying to go after guys.
And I was out of there by him in two seconds.
He was so good at soccer.
Just so good at just commanding the room
and kind of knowing when to joke around,
when to be serious, how to play the game.
He's a clown, though.
He's awesome.
Was he still farting all over the locker room like he was in Philadelphia?
Didn't he have a farting problem?
Oh, a terrible fart, people said.
All the time.
And now it's Dubois for us.
He's got that problem.
Who?
Dubois.
Oh, is he Stinky Frenchman?
Yeah, he took that one over from Arnold.
What's he like?
I mean, he's kind of had to step up and be a number one center.
He's still a young guy, but he's got some jam to his game.
He can play both sides of the puck, too.
He's a beast.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
He's an absolute animal.
He comes to training camp every year, and he just blows everyone out of the water with his numbers.
Oh, so he's a freak.
Oh, he's a freak, yeah.
It's insane.
His bench press, his pull-ups.
You walk in the locker room, and the guy doesn't have a shirt on.
It's insane.
But, yeah, I think that kind of shows on the ice.
If you really watch his games, times he's just pushing guys off
and taking pucks to the net um just getting in all the shit you know after after whistles and
scrums and i think that's what gets him going and you know i love i love playing with the guy i love
watching him he's kind of mouthy start going after guys and it's a lot of fun to watch but he's he's
an absolute animal were you 17 your freshman year of college?
Yeah, I went in as a 17-year-old.
So you only played through like three years of high school and a national development program.
You just didn't need four years?
I've never even seen that.
Yeah, no, I mean.
How'd you graduate high school to get into Michigan in three years?
Oh, you must be a smart guy.
You must have went to the worst high school.
No, well, yeah, well, no, but. Pioneer High. in three years. Oh, you must be a smart guy. You must have went to the worst high school. No.
Well, yeah.
Well, no, but...
Pioneer High.
I went there too, bud.
Yeah, so you know.
You know, it's kind of funny.
I played two years of AAA.
I went to the national team.
And I was planning on being there for two years,
but I was key partners with Noah Hannifin.
And he was telling me how he was going to Boston College after our 17th season.
So then Michigan, I was at a hockey rink in the spring, and they came up to me.
They were like, what's it going to take for you to commit here?
And I was like, I want to come next year.
They're kind of thinking like they'd be like, no.
And they're like, okay, let's make it happen.
So then the next day I got a phone call.
I got a summer schedule.
I did my whole senior year in the summer within like three months.
So that was miserable.
You know, that was the worst summer, but definitely worth it.
Wow.
Playing that young, eh?
And you fit right in.
I mean, I was going to ask you, you're at University of Michigan.
You must be a big Tom Brady fan too.
Yeah, I'm a huge Tom Brady fan.
I feel like everyone that goes to Michigan is kind of...
What are you, a Lions fan though?
Yeah, I'm a Lions fan.
Oh, man.
I know that.
Hey, have you ever seen the video of those two super fans and Big Cat from Barstool?
Tell me you've seen that.
No, I haven't seen it.
Do you follow Barstool?
You know who Big Cat is?
Yeah, I follow him.
Yo, this dude went out and hung out with Detroit Dawn and Superfan, the other guy was called.
They're the biggest Detroit Lion fans in the world like
no doubt about it and he was with them dressed up like a lion a blue lion a Detroit Lion
as Aaron Rodgers threw that memorable Hail Mary in Detroit oh yeah there is a video of their live
reaction that you will laugh at tonight you've've never seen a grown man's heart break like those two guys' hearts broke.
The guy's gum falls over.
Yeah, you can see their souls.
That's why we love sports.
Zach, I mentioned the goalie situation a few minutes ago.
How surprised were you guys in the room when Elvis came out of nowhere?
I mean, no disrespect to him, but he put up
crazy numbers that you wouldn't expect really
from anybody. I mean, was the room kind of like,
did you know about him coming into the
year like a camp? You're like, oh, who's this guy?
Jesus.
Yeah, you know, it's kind of funny because
he came into playoffs
last year, but it wasn't like with
our team. He signed and was
kind of just skating on his own and he
always come to the rink in the craziest suits craziest shoes on the shoes with the spikes on
them like he's kind of got a crazy personality um but i didn't really get to know him too much
and then to start the year corpy was kind of our number one um you know all of us had some
struggles we had some struggles in front of him. And Corpy goes down with an injury.
And after that, Elvis was  he was a madman in the net.
Like, I think he had three shutouts in a row, like five in eight games.
Just some unbelievable numbers, unbelievable saves.
He was stealing us games.
Both our goalies stole us games this year.
But when he came  when Corpy went down and he came in the net,
it was his moment and he knew it and he took full advantage of it it was it was fun to see
correct me if i'm wrong uh wasn't there like an issue with like the media and him early on where
he's like hey like there's maybe a miscommunication or a misquote he wasn't happy about it and he said
hey i'm done with the interviews until i get my game on, and then he went on that run? Yeah, it was  well, to start the year, it's not  it wasn't
we kind of lost some games for him that he was in that.
I think his record was like 0-4-3 or something like that.
And Corpy went down, and he told the media, he's like,
I don't want to talk to you guys until I feel comfortable.
And it worked.
Whatever he did, it worked because he
went on an absolute tear after that.
That's a ballsy thing because some of the media
were nipping at him and I was like,
what the hell is happening over here?
And next thing you know, this kid's going on a run.
I'm like, oh, he shot them the fuck up.
Yeah, no, honestly.
That's kind of what we were thinking too. Not we, but a couple
of us were like, we didn't know what it was. was it was like he's not talking to media anymore and like
i don't really know him too well at the time me and him sit next to each other in the locker room
now so i know him better and he just wanted to focus and man did he like you said he showed
everyone off with this play after that which which is a rare thing to see from a young guy
like the last time we've talked about on this podcast podcast, I think it was Claude Giroux.
Wasn't it when he was pissed off?
Or no, sorry, it was Mike Richards.
It was Mike Richards when he told him in Philadelphia
about dropping that partying story when they're on that run,
and he said, if you guys drop that, we're not talking to the media anymore.
And he still dropped it.
He said, you guys are fucking done.
You're done.
I'm cutting your fucking lifeline.
He trumped the media.
He trumped the media.
No pun intended, really.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Yeah, we went off the deep end there.
I got a question because you brought him up earlier, Noah Hannafin.
How bizarre a world is it how hot that kid is?
He comes to  he's a member of my golf course you get
the member guests every wife every wife's like who's that guy i'm like jesus christ anathan
yeah that's how it was in high school with him too and i'm sure that's how it is still with him
yeah i know he's uh he's a man rocket zach i see you you're born in gross point michigan and i'm
not obviously the movie guy here i know this movie is older see you're born in Grosse Pointe, Michigan, and I'm obviously the movie guy here.
I know this movie is older than you, but have you seen Grosse Pointe, Blank?
Yeah, you know, I saw it a while ago.
There's not too many scenes from that movie I actually shot in Grosse Pointe.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, so that's why.
What is that movie about, R.S.?
It's actually really good.
John Cusack plays a hitman, and he goes back home for his high school reunion,
and while he's home, he has to do a couple hits.
It's like a comedy, kind of like a doc comedy.
That sounds realistic.
No, Dan Aykroyd plays his competition.
Minnie Drive is a girl he's going after,
but it's actually a really good flick, man.
I definitely recommend it.
Oh, let's talk about your contract.
Yeah, you got hosed, dude.
You're underpaid by about 20 million.
How do you feel about that?
Was that you giving back, and then you're like,
I'm going to fucking bend you over,
sandpaper finish, no spit, no lube on the next one?
No, I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I think you guys know how it is
when you go through a session of the Young Gunners
and you're not paid.
No rights.
Oh, no, wait.
Torts bullied you into signing.
That's what happened.
I remember that.
I remember when he said that.
I think one of you guys on social media posted it saying, like,
oh, he better sign now or something.
But Torts called me after that, and his comments weren't
well, he said his comments weren't directed he says his comments were directed at me more so
in the whole situation as a whole um but no it's it's a tough situation we're going through
contributions you know my second year wasn't a great year for me i was torn labor my playthrough
and then coming off shoulder surgery my third year uh i didn't really play great the first
half of the season so um you know the three years just to go and get healthy
and kind of get back to the player I wanted to be, you know,
it just made sense for me.
And I'll commend you on that because I think they got a very fair deal.
And you're essentially saying, all right, I'm going to prove you how good I am
and then I'm going to get the big boy contract where,
I'll tell you this right now, buddy.
I think if that was me, if I had as much skill as you,
I probably would have told them to go fuck themselves.
I would have said, pay me my money, man.
I'm fucking legit.
What do you got, 20 tucks already this season?
20 bangos this year.
Whoopsie.
Whoopsie.
Yeah.
Did you break your own record?
You broke your own record for goals by a Columbus Blue Jacket defenseman, I'm pretty sure of. Yeah. Yeah. Would you break your own record? You broke your own record for goals by a Columbus Blue Jacket defenseman,
I'm pretty sure of.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, not a big deal.
Yeah, the organization's only been around for 20 years,
so I like to take everything kind of with a grain of salt.
But, you know, 20 was a goal I had coming into the season,
and I hit it just before this shutdown.
So I was pretty happy about it.
You were on a roll too, man.
This is such a shame.
But, buddy, thank you for coming on.
Unless you guys had more questions, all right?
I think I'm good.
No, no, no.
We appreciate it, man.
I was glad we finally got to catch up.
And seriously, hell of a start to your career.
It's a joy to watch.
We appreciate you coming on. We'll have to catch up. And seriously, hell of a start to your career. It's a joy to watch. We appreciate you coming on.
We'll have to get together.
We could maybe get a sandbagger with him and Hannafin.
Yeah, I might have to bring Larkin on if you want to share some stories.
Yeah, bring Larkin on.
I forgot that you guys are boys as well.
He's a golfer.
All right, buddy.
We appreciate it.
Stay healthy.
Yeah, nice having you guys.
Thanks to our guest, Zach Wierenski.
Appreciate having him on.
It took a little while, but we finally got the last bleed wabbit
and got him on the old chicklets.
Enjoyed talking to him.
All right, boys, I want to talk to you for a sec about home security
because with home security, there are two ways you can go about protecting your home.
The traditional way where you wait weeks for a technician to do a messy installation
that costs a small fortune.
Well, there's the other way, SimpliSafe.
SimpliSafe is everything you need in the home security system. It's award-winning protection.
It's the two-time winner of CNET Editor's Choice Award. SimpliSafe blankets your whole home in
safety. You barely notice it's there. But what's truly remarkable is you can set the system up all
by yourself. Anyone can do it. It takes 30 minutes to an hour tops, and it's only 50 cents a day with no contracts.
It's why The Verge calls SimpliSafe the best home security system.
So go to simplisafe.com slash chicklets today, and you'll get free shipping and a 60-day
risk-free trial.
You've got nothing to lose.
So go now and be sure to go to simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets. That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
All right, boys, we did get a little whiff of sad news since the last episode.
Country music star and legend Kenny Rogers passed away at the age of 81.
Family said natural causes.
He was under hospice care.
I wrote a little obituary for him on Fastool Sports.
This guy's a legend, man.
I mean, everybody knows the gambler.
He's had so many bangers.
It's like he had that unmistakable voice.
So, Will, were you a big Kenny Rogers guy at all?
I wasn't.
I like a couple of his songs, but I was watching Richard Jewell,
and he's playing the concert when that bomb went off in Atlanta,
the Richard Jewell movie.
And I was just watching it, and then he died the next morning.
It's crazy.
Wow, that is a little crazy.
We'll be back to that, huh?
Oh, he's got some bangers.
So maybe we could open up the episode with him, G.
Oh.
That's a little shout-out.
So you've now heard it already.
Rest in peace, bro.
I already had that one going.
Rest in peace, Kenny. I tweeted this out. I rest in peace, bro. I already had that one going. Rest in peace,
Kenny.
I tweeted this out.
I put it on the Instagram.
We're going to have a return of an old friend right now.
An old segment we used to do.
All right,
Hamilton.
Uh,
but you new listeners haven't listened for,
haven't listened too long.
Or maybe since we dropped it,
it's a,
basically we just take listening to questions.
Uh,
we used to do it every week,
but then the questions start and get a little boring and a monotonous so we kind of put it in a little
moratorium but we're gonna bring it back it's uh these days a little wild so let's get wild with
i don't think we have to explain this and i imagine these questions get a little bit weird
because everybody's in quarantine so they're using a little bit more creativity send us weird
fun original questions not the same old like who's the toughest guy you ever fought
like like get creative with this shit we want to we want to talk about weird stuff and it's got to
be entertaining for other people to to listen to so exactly good good good call biz so all right
first one here this is from our buddy uh rain city bitch pigeons and he's at bitch bitch at
bitch pigeons this was actually a unique question it was
individual ones for each of us so i figured this was something different and we're gonna go with
you biz first uh biz who's the rapper with the most songs on your playlist i guess you can say
you know whatever you why you should listen on whatever all right howlton i could i think i could
always turn to naz i just i think i think you can just put on a whole album and I really, he's like, he's,
he's more poetic. Like it's, it's, you know,
it's just a very smooth, relaxing rhythm. And it's, yeah, I love, I,
I grew up on him. Uh, that's who I was like,
like when I got introduced to rap from my cousin, Pierre,
a French guy in Montreal, he, he, that was one of the,
like one of my first albums.
Fuck it.
Let's do all of us.
But gee, who's?
Yeah, of course.
I want everybody.
I hate to be that millennial, but I'd probably say Drake.
I mean, I feel like anything Drake gets on now,
he's just unbelievable.
So I'm a big Drake guy.
I feel like he's a little bit of a.
I don't like singing Drake.
I like rapping Drake,
but the singing stuff that's not for me.
I,
I,
I don't know.
I mean,
he's all right.
He's got bangers and stuff.
I just like,
can I be on the same,
the same rhythm and shit all the time.
It's like,
it's,
it's,
I was a huge Takashi six,
nine guy before he got bought.
Like,
like the biggest six,
nine fan.
That's the worst.
What about you, Witt?
Who's your guy?
I just have a...
I don't have a ton of music saved for rap.
Yeah, with rap, you have the most songs.
Notorious B.I.G.
Yeah.
And Tupac.
I have old stuff.
I don't know new.
Oh, I actually have like some Mike Jones.
Remember Mike Jones?
He'd list his phone number off in his songs.
That was like a funny era of rap.
I mean, Ludacris was coming up.
Like Juvenile backed that ass up.
DMX was popping.
Oh, DMX was huge.
Select 15 Festival.
The cover of the album with like the
maroon cover.
I don't remember the name of it.
Who else were you saying?
Tupac.
As I've gotten older, I appreciate
his music more. I didn't early on.
I couldn't fuck with it, but as I'm getting older, I like
it more. My rap with the
most on any of my devices, easy.
Run DMC. I'm a huge old school fan, but I love run DMC, man. Game changes.
Respect, but I just, I can't get into it. It was.
Yeah. I'm not a big fan of it either.
I wish, I wish I could. I wish,
I wish I was cool enough to appreciate it. Like kind of like a with nice whiskey
or a Kings from Queens from Queens come Kings.
We're raising hell like a class when the school bell rings.
All right,
let's go next.
Poetry aspect of it.
You go.
Uh,
I went when this was geared towards you favorite episode slash scene of the
office.
Oh,
I know this is like picking your favorite fucking kid or whatever,
but so that's so tough.
So prison,
Mike,
I don't know.
Do you guys prison?
I mean,
everyone knows prison Mike when,
um,
I think Michael was trying to scare people of like,
I don't remember what the actual episode was about,
but he was imitating,
you know,
like a guy in prison and it was just amazing.
I mean,
the,
the,
the recent one I saw, I saw in the first season,
oh, what the hell was it?
Oh, you got to give me a second here to remember it.
All right, in the meantime, we'll go.
What about you, Whit?
I'm sorry, G.
What do you got, G?
I love the fire drill episode of The Office.
I think that's one of the best ones.
Dwight's just freaking out going crazy.
So I think that might be my favorite.
Is you a big,
I couldn't pinpoint like what episode,
but the part of the,
it might've been season one.
I think when he starts like hitting on the boss and the boss is kind of
feeling them,
but like,
he's acting like such a psychopath that like,
he's saying the most
ridiculous shit like they're like ready to get married after a week and shit like what was that
around end of season one i'm not yet which that's that's exactly what i was gonna say
but any scenes with jan levinson gould they're so fucking cringy like because
he's in love with her and she like she she hates him but she can't resist them like that she always
keeps going i couldn't have been more happy for him when he got the kill on that.
I was like, what?
Yes, Michael.
Oh, my God.
I know.
He grinded her out forever.
Season one, he's calling her and trying to flirt.
She's just like, shut up.
I was so pumped.
Jamaica with that one braid in his hand.
Hey, Biz, I remembered it.
In the first season, one of the first episodes,
they had like a diversity day where Michael hired this guy
to basically like teach racial tolerance or whatever,
but it was him the whole time that had been making all the disrespectful comments.
Like he's like, all right, we got got a basketball game stanley you're on my team
the black guy and it's all the stuff that i'm telling you the season if you if you've been
disgusted with kind of how certain things have gone in society in terms of like you're not allowed
to say it but you still laugh at it if If you're that type of person, season one of The Office,
they could never even remotely consider making it nowadays.
And it is so funny.
Yeah, that's why it's funny.
Because they were allowed to watch that live.
It's not funny because you can't make it anymore.
It's just funny because that's what's funny.
But people are so sensitive now.
But it's the diversity day.
And then they played the basketball the basketball game in that
season oh there's a that season too there's a like a hot girls in the office and pam's like
you know she's like the hot girl in the show and michael ends up saying to her like uh yeah you
know you're like the better version of Pam.
Right in front of her.
Just like this stuff that's so ridiculous. The fact that he's saying it.
That show's genius. Who do you guys
think's the most attractive
out of the girls in the office?
Like in the show of the office. Pam.
Oh, no. Michael's girl. No.
What's her name? Michael's girl doesn't count.
Would you say
the blondie? No. What's her face? Michael's girl doesn't count. Would you say the blondie?
No, what's her face?
Karen Filippelli.
Who's that?
That's her name, right?
I'd say Karen as well.
It's Karen, the wife's other girlfriend.
Jim's other girlfriend.
Remember the first episode?
She'd come on, and Michael, this is another talk about jokes.
Oh, oh. He comes on, and Michael goes, was your dad a GI?
You fucking mean him?
Was he in the war and basically basically like are you by like it's
basically like he's saying you have like a parent who's not white was what he was kind of saying
like he's a dad a gi but oh man it's such a i i didn't uh i wouldn't have picked up on that
because i don't i didn't know but wow that's yeah that would definitely not fly now and he
my my favorite maybe too is what he does when he's imitating chris rock when he does like the fucking chris rock sketch but sketch but he's doing in his own fucking words
he's a beauty hi uh gee here this one was directed to you to a jew favorite non-boston sports team
from the four major sports all right i mean come on that's obvious yeah the buffalo sabers baby
how can i not how can I not say that?
No, I mean, outside of the Buffalo Sabres, I love the Nashville Predators.
They welcomed us with such open arms when we went down there.
The fans were awesome.
The team was awesome.
The environment was awesome.
So I like the Preds, but I do like the  I'm a Tampa Bay Bucs fan now.
Well, we know, Biz.
You're a pack.
You're not getting a Christmas gift next year because you didn't say the coyotes so fuck you uh i would say of any other sport
the most i'm dialed into would other than of course the coyotes would be the green bay packers
i like the packers i love watching football and i've been fortunate where we went from Favre, although kind of how the way it all went down,
it makes me like Aaron Rodgers more for the period of length of time
he's done it for for the Green Bay Packers on field achievements.
And what about you?
Do you think he's still got some years left of relevancy?
So he makes us relevant.
Definitely.
And by us, I mean the Packers.
What about you, Whit?
Favorite non-Boston sports team from the major four sports?
In the NHL or any sport?
It says favorite non-Boston sports team from four major sports.
You could pick one.
We're not doing one from each sport.
Oh, yeah.
I think just because of how it all went down to get their world
series I've always been a Cubs fan I was always rooting for the Cubs because they were like the
Red Sox and then when they had the chance to possibly play when uh Bartman that year so I've
I would say like I've always enjoyed rooting for the Cubs they're my national league team
yeah my answer and this is I'll be honest because it's a brutal answer to give now,
but they were my Little League team.
It was
Houston Astros, man. They were my favorite, like,
they were my side piece. Obviously, the Sox were my
main team, but obviously, they shamed the game
awfully. They cheated so bad, but
yeah, I was always a Nationals fan. So much that
I still get, like, fucking messages from my buddies, because
they remember from when I was a kid, so.
All right, we got one more left.
Let's see here.
This one was directed toward me.
Favorite TV movie mobster character.
Not actor, character.
All right, Hamilton.
This TV movie.
You know what?
It's an easy answer, but I think it's one of the best characters ever.
Michael Corleone, Godfather 1, 2.
Well, he's in 3, 2, but we don't talk about that.
Godfather 1 and 2, it's one of the best characters with some of the best acting you've ever seen.
Like Al Pacino, to see him in the first scene of The Godfather and then to see where he ends up at
the end of Godfather Part 2, it's such an insane character arc. He just became the fucking lunatic.
Some of the best acting ever. That's my vote. Let's go to you, G, next.
Wow, very interesting take.
Now I got to watch the whole trilogy.
You could skip three, trust me, but definitely watch the first one. Yeah, three's trash.
See, mine's not going to be as good as the answer is yours
because you have all the movie background stuff,
but I love Jem from The Town.
I think that guy is electric.
I think he's the fucking man.
I think his Boston accent was done perfectly.
So I love Jem. But he was so dumb. He wasn't a good lead. trick i think he's the fucking man i think his boston accent was done perfectly so i i love jim
but he was so dumb like he wasn't like yeah yeah he was just a moron oh yeah he's an absolute
moron but he did shoot someone for ben affleck that i love loyalty so okay i picked ben jim and
and i could chime in on that too mike i mean having grown up with a lot of the guys that
that movie was based on he he did nail it too.
Like one of those guys you just know like not to fuck with.
He conveyed that psychoness really well.
He did a great job of it.
So what do you got, Biz?
Favorite TV movie mobster?
Can I include villain in that?
Sure.
I was going to go with
Whatever the fuck you want.
I actually said it earlier in the episode.
I said no country for old men.
Now I'm not good with the.
Anton Chigurh.
Was he the guy who had a very unique, that guy?
Yeah.
He had the thing that kills cows.
That character in general, I thought that was just like,
it was like he was made to be that person in that movie.
Just like his whole demeanor. like i was scared of him you know what we know when you're like in like invested in movies
and you're like and the bad guys going around killing people you're like oh i could get him
you know yeah it's like that competitiveness like he wouldn't kill me i was like that
motherfucker would fuck me up i'm done i like scary shit i'm like i'm like hunt you down i'm like somebody get that
motherfucker before he gets me so that character in general right there i thought was just that
that guy what about you what what do you got that's a tough one i i kind of immediately thought
of joe pesci in casino he's unreal in casino and and and how the how the relationship breaks between him and deniro
and that was a great movie but undercover because it's not italian mobster so you don't think of it
that movie but road to perdition i love that movie i think it's a great flick and tom hanks
in that movie plays it's it's, it's a crazy character, right?
Like, I wouldn't give away the movie,
but he's like an Irish mobster in Chicago.
I don't know what years it is,
but it was a good one.
So, Goodfellas.
Who's the guy,
who's the big boss in Goodfellas
that they love so much,
and he's so sad when he has to get money from him at the end.
Oh, Pauly.
Pauly.
That guy's a hell of an actor.
I'm guessing that guy's not around anymore, is he?
Paul Sovino.
I think he's still alive.
I could double check on that.
Yeah, Paul Sovino.
He was great in that role.
I hope I didn't just say the guy's probably dead and he's alive.
He's still alive.
He's still alive. 80 years old.
He's not even that old.
Why did I say that?
I was going to ask you guys, do you ever
wonder what some of these old
celebrities that are getting older now,
what they're up to and what they're doing,
if they're doing all right? Because he doesn't
poke his head in too much anymore, does he?
Haven't seen him lately.
Actually, Pesci does. He was just in doesn't poke his head in too much anymore does he haven't seen him lately actually oh oh he does
he was just in um the irishman he was in the irishman but like is he doing like one film every
like two three no he was he was uh pesci was actually retired um before well he never officially
announced he hadn't done a movie in years he was turning down everything so no that was cool i get
to see him like that might be his last role like, oh, cool, I get to see him.
That might be his last role.
That's like, you grew up with him, right?
I bet it will be.
I bet it will be because he didn't want to work anymore.
But it was Scorsese who came and he wanted to do it.
He basically did it because it was Scorsese.
We got to get him a silver stick.
And Paul Sorvino, he's got a couple movies in the shoot here.
I'm not sure where they're going to be debuting or whatever,
but he's still working. That would be like for our era wit if like when i guess like a guy like leo
like he gave us a lot of good movies man it's and you know he's still got some more to give
oh man he could work for another 30 years oh easily you know what you know what i just saw
it was on the other day so i started watching it but i couldn't get through it because it was
terrible i remembered it being terrible but i thought maybe as i grew older and wiser i might
have enjoyed it a little bit more but nope i still thought it was trash is um he it's out on like a
lighthouse or something shutter island movies terry i hated that movie oh my god his only so
weird that was the only one i just didn't enjoy from him.
Who directed that?
That's funny.
That's a Bobby Scorsese movie.
Wow.
So I didn't love Gangs of New York either,
so I'm not the biggest Scorsese fan, I guess.
Hey, there's another villain for you.
Bob the Butcher.
Oh, Bill the Butcher.
Bill the Butcher.
Fuck, I suck with these names.
That's all right.
Dude, Shutter Island, Biz.
I actually tried out to be an extra for that one, too.
Shocker.
Shocker.
And here, listen, Biz, you'll like this one.
Marty Scorsese is so particular about, like, every little, like, nook and,
like, tiny little is detail, right?
So I got called probably four or five months after, like,
the movie started getting made.
I wrote off the fact I might get called, so I got called one day.
And, like, hey, do you still want to be in Shutter Island?
I was like, fuck yeah. It's like, can you be in Plymouth tomorrow?
I was like, absolutely. So I drive down and the woman,
she gives me the soup is right. It's like, you know,
the Shutter Island was like whatever mental hospital, jail, whatever.
It was one of the, it was one of the, it was one of those,
the screw uniforms is like the steel uniforms.
So I put it on and the Nexus it's a 16 inch neck and it's fucking tight. It's kind
of choking. And she's like, Oh, that's tight. Let me get you another size. Basically the 17 was too
big. And because the fucking, they didn't have a size to fit me, even though the rest of the suit
fit, she's like, Oh, that's too tight. I go, she goes, I don't have a 16 and a half. She goes,
Oh, thanks for coming. I was like, wait, I'm like, that's it. She goes, Oh, you'll still get paid.
I'm like, yeah, but I want to be in the movie. She's like, sorry. But because the fucking neck collar fit the other guy who looked nothing like me,
he was like 40 years older than me because the neck collar fit him better.
He got picked because Scorsese is so particular about his fucking little details like that.
That other guy got picked because of the fucking collar.
So if you just eaten a little better for a couple months leading up to that,
you would have had a Shutter Island roll too.
In the crazy part, the 17- elbows with leo it wasn't like it was swimming into it like i would have wore it to a wedding or something like the collar wasn't that bad but
he's so particular and then like the crazy part i get my car with uh and i turn the radio on and
no bullshit the stones fucking song you you know scorsese always had fucking always had stone songs
in his movies you can't always get what you want
The first song, no bullshit
It was like God was fucking me with that day
So man, so actually
You getting denied that day was like so upsetting
Like you really wanted
I didn't know if you just go in
You're hoping to get in but you don't really care
We're just publicly shaming the USGA
Might as well publicly shame Scorsese
Well, I was bummed You got a better chance of hearing back from him I mean, we're just publicly shamed the USGA. Might as well publicly shame Scorsese.
Well, I was bummed.
I got a better chance of hearing back from him.
I mean, it was  But, no, I mean, yeah, it was like I'm a huge movie fan,
one of my favorite  one of the best directors ever.
Yeah, I wasn't, like, crying on the ride home, but it would have been cool.
But what's funny is it's funny how life plays out is fucking a few months later,
I end up going to that stones concert.
Remember we did that story about how my picture got taken and the fucking
thing.
Well,
that was the night they were making those Scorsese concert documentary
about the stones.
Well,
lo and behold,
when they're singing satisfaction at the end,
and there's a view from the back of the fucking stage and I could,
you could see me.
I mean,
you wouldn't pick me out right in the fucking crowd.
Scorsese movie.
I made a cameo in the Scorsese film and the stones sponsor too so life's funny like that full circle yeah okay hey listen
folks we got tons of questions from everybody we actually plan on doing a little bit more but we
uh we had a last second change because we did some interviews that are a little fresher we want to
get them to you right away like we just talked to call me and zach and we talked about the uh
like the everything that's going on so we want to get those guys you right away. Like we just talked to call me and Zach and we talked about the, like the, everything that's going on.
So we want to get those guys interview out to you right away.
So we ended up dropping two interviews today,
kind of spur of the moment.
So we didn't get to as many questions,
but I think everyone had fun with it today.
I think we can bring,
maybe bring it back next episode.
If we want to goof around a little more.
So thanks for all your submissions.
It was awesome.
Everybody was good following the hashtag.
So boys,
any clothes,
actually,
I got one other closing note.
Fun, fun, fun.
I want to give a get well to our pal Marie Ma.
She's the senior captain at Melrose High.
She flies the chicken's gear when she does her TV news up in high school
here in Massachusetts.
And she broke her collarbone and missed two-thirds of her senior year,
missed all of her field hockey, I think either field hockey or lacrosse.
So, she's a great kid.
I just want to say, hey, Marie, get better.
We love the support, and hopefully you're feeling a little bit better.
So hang in there.
And speaking of sports, I talked about the marble racing.
Now they're playing rock skipping on ESPN.
So we're getting into desperate times.
Rock skipping.
Yeah, the Ocho.
ESPN, the Ocho.
All right.
I watched dodgeball the other day too
good flick good flick the average um hey do you feel like do you feel like the the dodgeball cast
was duped by lutz uh lance armstrong like after the fuck yeah he duped everybody pretty i think
that that was at the height of this guy's like a machine who beat Cantor. Best story ever.
And then you realize, well, actually, he's a liar.
I'm going to have that nut coming after me again.
Who's like Lance's number one fan.
He's the Luke Melvin.
He leads the Lance groupies around.
All right.
Anyway, love you guys.
All right, buddy.
Have a great week, everybody.
All right. Peace. As always, we want right, buddy. Have a great week, everybody. All right.
Peace.
As always,
we want to send a big thanks to our awesome sponsors.
Big thanks to the folks over at Roman.
They've been taking care of us for a while.
Make sure you check them out.
Thanks to everybody over at Mugsy jeans.
Super comfy.
Check those things out.
Big.
Thank you to everybody at zip recruiter.
If you're hiring,
check them out and big thanks to simply safe as well.
If you need a little security, the old homestead, check them out. Have a great week, everybody. We'll see you
Thursday. took turns staring out the window at the darkness till boredom overtook us and he began to speak
he said son i've made a life out of reading people's faces and knowing what the cards were
by the way they held their eyes so if you don't mind my saying I can see you're out of Aces
For a taste of your whiskey
I'll give you some advice
So I handed him my bottle
And he drank down my lips
