Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 256 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Bastl Sports Podcast family.
What is up gang?
Times are tough lately, but we're happy to announce that we have a couple of quarantined NHLers
joining us for the entire episode tonight.
Ladies and gentlemen, say hello to Keith Yandel of the Florida Panthers
and Kevin Hayes of the Philadelphia Flyers.
What's up, boys?
Both guys who, if they weren't so good at hockey, 0.01 of the people who have ever played it,
they weren't so good at hockey,.01 of the people who have ever played it,
they'd probably be
trainers of a rhinoceros and a monkey
at the Tiger King's place.
They just started trying
to record this thing at 7pm.
I think at 7pm, it's 2 in the
morning now because Kevin Hayes doesn't know
how to use headphones.
I just moved into my place
no joke two days ago.
I don't even have a fucking lamp in my building.
Okay, so here's my argument to you.
And now the corona thing, I'm guessing, has affected this.
But if you knew you were moving in at this point,
like if this was going to be this summer,
would everything have been decked out so when you got home it was just set?
Like you signed for 50 million.
Or would you always have moved into just an empty place
and been like this for like a month?
He's a straight hobo, dude.
No, I'm not.
Look at his hat.
He looks like a hobo.
He looks like Chetabong right now.
No, playoff beard.
Playoff beard.
I'm going to support local businesses because I'm a good guy.
Let's get it.
Let's get it.
Everyone order loco.
Everyone order loco and Fat Baby.
I ordered some from Florida, no joke.
Hey, Whit, to answer your question,
no,
I was supposed to move in in June.
And so, yes, from now till June
it would have been decked out.
For when I entered this, it would have had a red carpet
up to my door.
You want his apartment decked out?
You have New Amsterdam vodka stuff on your wall
in a multi-million dollar house?
No.
No, granted.
My basement, we haven't got to that yet.
I can actually agree that
I'm giving some heat
in real life situation, I'm the same
thing. But still,
I didn't know. I had to just bring it up
because I'm embarrassed for myself as well.
No, I know. I am too. It it up because I'm embarrassed for myself as well. No, I know.
I am too.
It sucks.
You live in a sick apartment.
You have nothing.
You go to order it on Amazon and it says, all right, yeah,
it'll be there in 221 days.
How many days are in a year with Math Guy?
365.
Where is the new place, Kev?
It's in the Seaport.
Okay, so you're in the Boston area right now then?
Yeah. What about you, Keith? Are you in Florida or in the Boston area?
Yeah, I'm down Florida, dude.
Florida, man. Yeah, not in Daytona where you go, but
a little bit more south where there are less RVs.
Someone once told me Florida is a sunny place for some shady people
and I like it.
Tom Brady just went there, so it can't be all that bad, right?
Sensitive sounds good.
Sensitive sounds good.
Very sensitive.
Keith's neighbors were on the beach, probably down Fort Lauderdale Beach.
You guys just got off today.
I'm pretty sure people finally left the beach.
They haven't exactly been doing their part.
No.
We were on the boat the other day and it was mayhem
out there. People everywhere. Spring break.
I think this weekend's
the first weekend that they're really cracking down.
It's good to see.
Might have to get carols on. Tiger
Cage is from Tiger King.
They wanted to have a lot of room to roam around in there.
Might have to put some people in those.
That's in Tampa, isn't it?
They're in the middle of the country.
Oh, you're talking about the country.
Yeah, Carroll's was.
Carroll's was.
The other guy was where?
Oklahoma?
Yeah.
I had so many questions for that.
You're talking about Joe Exotic Biz.
You don't call him the other guy.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I'm actually going to get a tattoo appointment.
Put some respect on that.
Hey, listen.
Did you see his boys' tattoos?
Oh, dude. I think I had a lot of tribal, but appointment. Put some respect on that. Hey, listen. Did you see his boys' tattoos? Oh, dude.
I think I had a lot of tribal, but listen, we can't spoil it.
We can't spoil too much of this because there's a lot of people.
No, Biz, actually, I was going to say to listeners right now,
you got to kind of understand we're going to talk about it.
If you haven't watched at least three, four episodes of this
in the middle of when you have nothing to do but watch netflix then sorry you're gonna get you're gonna get spoiled
here okay so let's warn them right now fast forward and grinnell you're gonna drop the
time stamp so it doesn't ruin it for you so those of you who have seen this ridiculous i i went
through every emotion the human body could possibly go through while watching it. It's a rollercoaster. It is so
fucked up. I don't know who to believe.
Who to...
The hammers they drop...
The hammers they drop at the
end of episode one and two
are like, bam, bam, you're knocked out. You're done.
Do we think that Carol
killed...
If you think Carol
didn't feed that dude to the Tigers,
you're the dumbest person
alive. I'm kind of with
Carol. Yeah, I knew you would
be. You're a Carol type guy, dude.
Oh, that sounds...
So, Keith, you're thinking
that she
actually doesn't even mind maybe
the allure of the fact that she
may have, but she didn't do it? Because allure of the fact that she may have,
but she didn't do it.
Because think about it.
That's kind of what makes her even more popular, right?
She's stone cold.
She is stone cold.
She is a thug.
Hey.
Thuggy.
Hey, so right when the show started, and if they answered this,
I don't remember.
Tell me if I'm wrong.
She's dog and Joe exotic in what he's doing,
and then they're showing her place with cages around them.
I know.
She does the same thing on a different scale.
It's the exact same thing.
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, the music video, the lookalike that he got for that music video.
Oh, dude.
Is the best doppelganger.
You got to start the show with Kitty Heaven or whatever that was called.
Hey, Kitty, Kitty.
Or I saw Tiger.
Tiger's the number one song on iTunes right now.
I'm guaranteed.
The craziest part of the whole thing, and I know, Keith, you haven't seen the whole thing yet,
but I want to say there's a eulogy that's given.
That has to be the craziest part because he's like, oh.
And when you weren't paying attention, he'd just come over and he'd rubber his balls right on.
He's like those little golden nuggets.
He's giving a fucking eulogy for a dead guy.
He's talking about his mouth.
How about that?
He just turns gay.
He turns straight guy.
Turned gay.
Dude, that's some charisma.
Somebody said to me, ah, wasn't that crazy?
And I listed off 50 legitimately insane things.
And they're like, yeah, actually, it's actually.
Who didn't?
Who told you that?
I said it wasn't crazy.
They were being a bit of a hard-on
on the craziness and i'm like you can't name me one thing that has half the amount of
things where you're you're like no come on that was that part was me how about the chucky doll
that guy like that's like another character that comes out of nowhere his haircut was so good
it was a suit he was like mark dav doll Mark Davis and Chucky had a baby
that's that guy
how trash is the guy
Joe that has one tooth
and all those tattoos
all over him
oh yeah and they go yeah meth really kills your mouth
you get meth mouth and the camera just goes
right to him and he smiles
you just see like worms crawling out of his gums
hey I texted somebody today.
I'm not going to reveal his name.
I go, dude, who does Jared and Joe remind you of?
And they said, Kevin Hayes and Jimmy Hayes.
Hayes, who do you think it was?
Oh, baby.
Chip and Sneems is buzzing right now.
I guarantee it.
He's cooking right now already.
Pokey or Foley for sure.
Oh, no.
Hey, and then the chances, the odds that they're interviewing.
Hey, the whole time there's a zookeeper and he's got no legs.
And I'm like, this dude got his legs bitten off.
How is that not how he lost his legs?
How are you going to do that movie with a zookeeper with no legs
and then tell us that he didn't lose him from a tiger?
He lost his zip lining.
Yeah.
No, he didn't even lose him.
They caught him off, right?
No, no.
So I think it was a circulation thing because he was walking around
doing the tiger thing all day.
So he was walking for 12 hours a day, so eventually he just said,
ah, fuck him, cut him off. Now, to me, that gives the show the credibility thing all day. So he, I know he was walking for 12 hours a day. So eventually he just said, ah, fuck him,
cutting them off.
Now to me,
that gives the show the credibility that needs.
It didn't cut any corners.
It didn't try to beef up any storylines of the fact that,
that that's the case.
Now,
what was,
what was the other thing that was fucking nuts?
Oh,
the other girl losing her arm and then going back.
Definitely employee of the month.
Definitely employee of the month right there.
Jacob's still what a gaster.
Yeah.
I mean, the whole thing is just, it's the craziest story.
And imagine a weekend in Vegas with Jeff Lowe.
That guy was going as hard as anyone, just living it up.
Oh, and then the Doc.
Doc's the best.
Doc's the best.
Doc is my, what a life.
So I described it as Duck Dynasty, slash Swamp People, slash Sister Wise.
Slash Making a Murderer.
Slash Making a Murderer, slash Dog the Bounty Hunter.
Put them in a blender add a little lsd
little concoction swig it down and you got that show right there
also the show the show began and the original line from i don't remember who said it was
um yeah the big cat the big cat people are the scum of the earth remember he said they're the
worst people alive and he was right They are the worst human beings alive
They're all the biggest pieces of shit
The cats are so fucking cute
Oh
I know
I've been looking up how to buy one
I just bought one yesterday
Okay we still haven't talked about one character yet
That played a pivotal role
Was the guy who was making the documentary to begin with
And the fact that they lost You you know how much footage they lost?
No.
Oh, I know that original guy smoking a cigarette.
The fact that all this happened and it was also documented as it was happening
even makes it, it throws it into a different stratosphere.
It's insane.
And that guy,
that guy was counting his money.
He already had,
and he would have been an enormous reality show.
Wait,
so why,
why is that?
Do I find that out after episode three?
He didn't,
if he would know,
he's the guy that's been sitting there with the cowboy hat,
smoking a cigarette with terrible teeth as well.
He was the guy who he stationed guy who worked for Joe exotic.
He owned it all, he said.
He's like, dude, Joe, you signed the contract, you exotic fuck.
Read the writing.
I only came out, but it all got burnt.
Now, if he was popping off nowadays with the way social media is,
he would have been shut down long before this, though.
He wouldn't have been able to do what he was doing.
All that footage was being gathered. Threatening her her and shit 500 to like a thousand people would be watching
this shit imagine like imagine the ogs i want i want to i want to meet the thousand people that
were watching that shit going on right in front of you already he was there
he's the one who voted for him he changed his uh driver's license
to oklahoma that's how he got up to 19 percent yeah how about him running for governor and winning
oh the other thing how didn't he win though what how didn't he win i know but his campaign manager
man blame it on the campaign manager yeah it's. Who watched the other guy blow his brains out.
Jesus.
Man, I don't know if Joe was the one behind it.
I don't know if Joe was the right guy in prison.
That Jeff Lowe is a scumbag.
Oh, dude.
I don't know if there was anyone who wasn't a scumbag.
Maybe Sefi, the girl.
We called her a girl, I guess.
Yeah, she was a beast.
I guess she's actually trans, so she prefers to go by he.
So he was probably one of the few people who you actually didn't mind.
And then the guy with the fake legs.
They actually seemed like they might have been decent people,
but everybody else fucking.
How about the guy with no legs, his teeth?
He had a nice set of teeth on him.
Oh, he got the new veneers after he had the meth mouth.
He had them.
Imagine his.
They're getting paid nice. He should have. Meth he got the new veneers after he had the meth mouth. He had them. Imagine his. They're getting paid
nice. He should have. Meth mouth got
some teeth too. 120 bucks a week.
Oh, yeah. How about this?
How do you do that? Five grand a year.
Meth mouth actually got a brand
new grill already. You were just saying that.
Yeah.
Apparently, there was a podcast about this whole
thing that dropped last year that a lot of people
were familiar with. So that guy who did the podcast, I sent it to the feed earlier, ThreadRound.
There was a whole bunch of information he added, and one of them was the guy with meth mouth.
He got a fresh new set of teeth since the podcast dropped.
So good for him anyways.
That tattoo, what did it say?
Property of Joe Exotic.
It was insane.
It was the worst, ugliest bullhead I've ever seen in my life.
That didn't cover the whole thing, and you could still see through it.
Looked like someone spilled an ink fucking bottle on his chest.
Did you see the one on his forearm?
It was like a scarecrow.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Sorry.
That's the shit we're talking about.'s why we bring you on motherfucker oh my god i will say i will say you got it it turned dark that kid that kid killed himself
like oh my god you saw some crazy shit go down yeah because they asked the guy did you think
he did that on purpose he says no i don't think he thought because they asked the guy, did you think he did that on purpose? He said, no, I don't think. He thought because he took
the clip out of the gun that it wouldn't fire.
So he was like, you know, I mean, you should never do that. Obviously
put a gun to your head. He goes, I don't think it was suicide.
I think it was accidental, but because he took the
clip out, he thought he was in the clear. Oh, really?
Yeah. How would
the... Hey, picture somebody
listening
to this because they didn't care if it was a spoiler
thinking, ah, I probably won't even watch it anyway.
And the amount of shit that we've said.
We've ruined the show, but we warned you.
And also, if you're listening to this
and you haven't watched it yet,
you're driving home 140 to start episode one.
Not only is what's going on in the world right now going on,
you're hearing that this is going on and you're like,
I don't even want to be on this planet anymore.
We've officially reached Mars.
You know,
when they were interviewing Carol's husband's daughters and his ex-wife.
Yes.
Yeah.
How were they the same age?
I said,
whoa,
what?
I thought that was her sister and she was being there for her sister's
support. No, it was his daughter that was her sister, and she was being there for her sister's support.
No, it was his daughter.
That was the wife.
No, I know what I realized.
I was dumbfounded.
If we're keeping it real, I mean, she's fucking nuttier than a fruitcake,
but Carol was a babe when she was younger.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Also, his ex-wife, like, she still loved the guy.
She's like, this guy is the best guy.
He just took off for this girl.
They had some serious
ride-or-die girls in there.
You need that.
Doc Cantle, dude.
Those are some hot girls, dude.
There's got to be a school.
You see his eyes?
He had a set of eyes on him.
Hammer on him.
Oh, yeah.
He's got a dinosaur cock.
He's got a dinosaur cock.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Oh, he wraps his hose around to touch the ponytail underneath.
It's like a patented move.
Doc.
And then the guy goes, what kind of doctor is he
spiritual i'm going to that place in miami once uh oh for sure that guy seemed legit legit
the guy in miami no wait i don't is that what episode is that oh one or two the guy who was
in jail he's got he's like everything's private you can't even get in or two. The guy who was in jail. He's like, everything's private.
You can't even get in.
Oh, yeah, dude. The guy who was Scarface.
We forgot about him.
He was a part of
mutilating an FBI agent.
He's part of this move. By the way, the fact that
guy got out of prison in 12 years
is the most disgusting, despicable
thing I've ever heard of.
I haven't even heard what he did.
Dude, he was part of... he didn't murder an FBI agent,
but they brought him to his land, and he went out back,
and he helped them cut him up and mutilate his body.
I didn't see that.
He got 100 years in prison in the court case,
and then it was appealed, and he got down, and he got out in 12 years.
Wow.
Not bad. Wait, not bad.
Wait, so is this part of the documentary or do we still...
What's his lawyer's name?
What's his lawyer's name?
Oh, I must have missed that part.
His tie looked like the
Wonder Bread.
It was the guy who had his own private
sanctuary and nobody could even
go in there.
Look at his lawyer and then look at his lawyer's tie
and look at the Wonder Bread face.
Why he's dressed like the Wonder Bread guy.
Dude, he must be sponsored by Wonder Bread.
I'm pulling it up.
Oh, my God.
Fuck.
Oh, yeah.
They didn't have much on him.
He was in it quick and quick.
Yes, I did forget about that guy.
Jesus Christ.
I forgot about the most horrible person.
I guess we can move on.
If you haven't watched this...
I'll tell you right now, though, if you haven't watched this, you're still
laughing. I mean, this is the stuff we're saying
and the way we're describing this is just
you won't believe us.
What else you been doing, Keith? What are you first? To kill time. I know, obviously, you won't believe us. What else you been doing, Keith?
What are you first? To kill time. I know
obviously you can't go too far.
He shows the one.
What have I been doing?
To kill time. I know you got kids. They help kill the time.
What else you doing to stay sane?
Relatively speaking. Smoking cigarettes?
Yeah.
No, honestly, we have to
do homeschool. so that's literally
it's been like  it's like six-hour days of doing that.
What are you teaching your kids right now?
Is it addition and subtraction?
Dude, so you want to hear something about
Hey, who's the best quick math guy in the world?
Dude, you got math guy here, but you guys are both really good.
Oh, wow. Whit and Hazy are very quick. world dude you got math guy here but you guys are both really good oh wow you know wit wit and we should have we should have a go off here hazy's good at like tips but dude last time i was at
dinner with you remember what happened oh that was so embarrassing if you're gonna tell me that
he put too much and then had to ask for it back, you better have just left it. No, no, no, no, no. The complete opposite.
Yeah, so say it was like 500 bucks, you got to leave.
What do you leave?
I don't know.
100 bucks.
Leave 100.
He left like 80 or 60.
It wasn't even close.
And the lady that came back, he goes there every day.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, he left like 420.
This is a  I was short from the original.
Oh, you didn't even reach the bill, let alone no tip.
Hey, like it was 500.
I think I gave her 380.
I thought I gave her 780.
Luckily, we were still sitting there like just chatting after dinner,
and the lady was like, hey, I hate to do this, and Kevin felt awful.
Dude, I wanted to  I hate  I absolutely hate awkwardness. was like hey i hate to do this and kevin felt awful dude i was like i'm used to it i absolutely
hate awkwardness hey i had a situation like that recently too so i was in miami and i said to my
girl i handed over i said give him 20 as in 20 so she threw 20 bucks on there the owner came over
after like gave her a shot he's like oh you can't canadian blah blah started shooting the shit
so we finally get back to the hotel and then somehow i brought it up and she's like oh yeah
i left 20 bucks and i'm like 20 bucks so we drove back i in an uber give him more money i'm like
sorry man like i didn't mean to fucking short change you and he kind of had a weird look on
his face he's like oh don't worry about it And I was like, oh, that guy was really cool about that.
Like I fucking just really shortchanged him.
Well, then we find out later in the trip that they already had the 18 gratuity.
That's why he was looking at me like I was a fucking idiot.
Oh, he probably thinks you're the best, though.
That's what I mean.
For the first time ever, I tipped appropriately.
For the 400 dinners that you got for free.
What about you, Hazy? What are you doing to pass the time
during the day?
I just moved into a new place.
I'm trying
to fucking get groceries,
get the essentials.
I have a bed and a couch in there and a TV
with Xbox.
Oh, Hazy.
Why'd you choose Xbox?
Because I'm trying to figure Xbox or PS4
everyone's telling me PS4 is better
you guys are going to think I'm an idiot
and I'm an asshole that wastes money
but I've gotten a new
every year I just leave my Xbox
or PS4 in the apartment I was previously
in and give it to the movers
yeah
so I just buy a new one
every year.
Yeah.
This year I'm on Xbox.
I have three of them
in my house.
So which one's better?
I think Xbox is better.
Really?
With the controller.
I just bought one
to play during the...
I like the controller
for PS4 better.
Yeah, the Xbox controller
is huge.
Yeah, I know.
It's a monster.
I got big hands
so that's why I like Xbox.
I used to play like... What was the one? know. It's a monster. I got big hands, though. That's why I like Xbox. I used to play, like, what was the one?
Halo. That's, like, the last
thing I was into. Loser.
Hazy's taking over for
Allen Iverson when he was still, like,
buy clothes. He would leave them in a new city. He would just leave
them.
Hazy's getting to that point.
No.
Because I honestly just try to get the fuck out of my places when i like
i hire the movers and i take all my clothes and then like i hopefully my my furniture shows up to
my next spot if not what is buy new shit hazy are you if you're playing at home and then the next
night you're playing in pittsburgh so you finish your home game you fly to pit you know you're
coming right back home after are you the dude bringing just a you finish your home game you fly to Pitt and you know you're coming right back home after
are you the dude bringing just a toothbrush
on the plane and your cell phone
charger
if we're going
on a plane
I'm bringing a duffel okay no matter
what I played in the metro
so I've done a lot of train and bus
trips like when I played in the Metro, so I've done a lot of train and bus trips.
When I played in New York, we would black car service to Long Island,
black car service to Jersey.
Sometimes I would bring a legit toiletry kit and slippers.
Had to have your slippers.
Hey, Hazy, remember that time we went to pick up
Crides?
We went to pick up Chris Crider. Great kid.
We all lived in the same neighborhood. It was me and Hazy
and a black car, whatever it is, SUV.
We go, say it's 9.30 in the morning. So we have to get to morning skate in New Jersey.
We show up to cry this place. Mostly everybody in the world's on time.
Like if someone says you're going to be there at nine 30,
you're outside at nine 30. It's like nine 45, still no cries.
Nine 50, nine 55. He comes out with the big beats headphones on,
sits in the front seat. doesn't even say a word
in the back like hey sorry i was 20 minutes late we drive all the way to new jersey me and hazy
like is this kid gonna say didn't say a word the entire time didn't say sorry
did you eventually confront him about this that's insane i would have lost my mind in the
black car no because on
the way on the way i was having a bagel we used to go this bagel place it was a light and i bit
into it my teeth fell out i was oh so that's a double that's a double whammy that morning
yeah were you resentful towards cries regarding your teeth because of how what type of movie
mood you're in like No, probably not.
Yeah, it was his fault.
You could blame him on that one.
Well, maybe you get to the bagel shop and they're a little bit softer.
Yeah, that's true.
I don't think Crides, he's kind of just oblivious to time, honestly.
There are times we go to lunch or dinner,
and he's either 45 minutes early or 45 minutes
late.
I don't think
you're describing someone that
seems so dumb.
No, he's not even. Yeah, but he's the smart
he knows Russian, dude. He speaks Russian.
Does he really? He picked up Russian on his own.
Poor guy.
Just for fun. Yeah, he's smart as shit.
Handsome dude, too.
Did he tell you what Putin's saying?
No, he did it to talk to
Bucinavich when we were in New York.
I honestly think
he just loses track of time.
He's either playing
Xbox or playing the guitar or
making a protein shake or working out.
He's like, oh shit, I gotta be downstairs 20 minutes ago.
How many, how many meetings was he late for in the locker room?
I don't think he's got to wear a watch.
Remember the one quick he was late for?
Oh, they're in playoffs, dude.
That was insane.
Go ahead.
You guys can tell it.
We, it was in Pittsburgh.
No, it was in New York.
He lived in that building close to the thing, and he ran there.
Oh, yeah, dude.
He came in huffing and puffing.
He came in late.
I'm pretty sure AV was bullshit.
No, we all sat there.
Keith, why don't you just tell the story?
Yeah.
Seems like you know it, and Hazy doesn't.
Right?
Jesper Fast was...
I would never say a bad thing about him.
That's why.
Best guy in the world.
Yeah, you're not really saying anything bad about him.
Everyone has the occasional mess.
He's such a good guy that no one was mad.
Like, the coaches weren't mad.
No one was mad.
So, say it was like 10.30 in the morning meeting.
We're like, oh, shit, where's Quickie?
Someone calls him.
We're like, Quickie, where are you?
He's like, just at home.
What are you guys doing?
We're in the locker room for a meeting.
He's like, oh, shit.
So, like like i don't
know if he was up and down that year but he they he lived in an apartment near the rink and he ran
to the rink and you know msg is on like the sixth floor or something sprints up that huge hill he
comes in the locker room gassed we're all like everyone pretending that we're pissed and like
you couldn't even be mad at him he's such such a good guy. He probably blocked like six shots
on the way in.
Oh, has he
blocked a lot of shots? Oh my god.
He's like me.
Yeah, sound.
Shit. Alright, you boys
want to rifle through a couple headlines here?
See what's going on.
Alright, this is probably
more assessment than optimism,
but per Bobby Mac, GMs were asked about potential August dates
in their building.
Like I said, I don't think this is like penciling any games or anything.
It's just more figuring out logistics because, well,
I'll get some more cancellations in a minute.
But I'll go to you first, Keith.
I mean, could you realistically see you guys playing games in August?
I mean, I don't know.
I guess I could, right?
They obviously want to
Concentrate hard enough.
No, they want to award the Stanley Cup,
and I think everybody wants that.
I have no clue.
Yeah, I mean, I honestly, I think the owners and most of the players
want to do a playoff, do a Stanley Cup,
because, like, something that the fan doesn't realize,
like a fan that watches the game, is if we don't play anymore
the rest of the season, we're going to miss out on,
I want to say it's like 1.2 billion revenue.
Yeah.
And that'll just come back in revenue and absolutely, I mean,
not in revenue in escrow, it just absolutely smoke us.
For like three years maybe.
Yeah.
Like it'll be a long time.
So like I would like for me.
Interplayed eight months of my life to  you know,
you want to finish it off, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Like, it's  especially, like, for us.
Like, we had such a good family in the locker room.
We're super excited to get to playoffs, and all of a sudden we're not playing.
But, like, if it means that we play less games next year in the regular season
in order to get a playoff and a Stanley Cup champion,
I think a lot of guys will be for it.
Do you see more of an importance to get the regular season over with,
or do you say jump right into playoffs?
Because to me, the regular season and getting that over with
to get into the dance was a little bit more significant.
Yeah, you got to do both.
You can't just do one or the other, right?
You can't just pick the top eight teams right now.
It's just unfair.
If you,
if you ever did a thing where they just started and hopped into playoffs and
picked who made it,
it would be thought of as,
as so Mickey mouse.
Now,
you know what?
The,
the ratings would be incredible and they would hand out a Stanley cup and
maybe it would end up being a good thing,
but it would always be known as this joke of a tournament
that handed off the cup to someone.
What do you guys think?
Best of five minimum?
Or are you okay with best of three if they got to speed things up?
I think five is the lowest you can go.
Yeah, I'd say five.
I think you said it on one of the podcast bids do like two at home
and three like two three instead of traveling you know how about this one too to get revenue up now
all of a sudden all those teams that are at the bottom they're saying they're going to uh they
might do like a little tournament in order to play for the first overall pick which to me i i like
that concept.
I don't know about you guys.
And now all of a sudden those games people are going to want to attend
because they have meaning towards them, right?
So I don't know.
Call it like the NIT, I guess, during playoffs.
Biz, at the same time, like the people who really want that first overall pick
are the people who aren't playing.
It's management and coaches.
You know what I mean?
Fair enough.
Go play these games
for the first overall pick. Half the guys
probably will never even play with the guys.
Well, I mean,
half the guys
are fighting for their team's future.
No, for sure. And I think those other
guys would see that and I don't know.
I don't know.
I thought it would be a good idea, but maybe I'm just a fucking idiot.
Yeah.
No, I'm not calling you out.
I think just like
Did you just think of that, Piz?
Like right now?
I'm thinking from a revenue standpoint.
Like now all of a sudden you have meaningful games from teams
that are out of it.
Like, oh, let's do this tournament where those games could be exciting
for those fan bases. And these guys are fighting it out for the future their team and i
think that a lot of more guys would be invested than not the jokes the jokes in the room during
that one like come on boys let's let's do it for and then you just name the first overall
and then you have an older guy just being like, get the fuck out of here.
There's no way I'm playing.
Okay, which is fine.
But I was thinking from more of a financial perspective.
Oh, yeah?
Wait until I tell them they're going to be paying 35 escrow.
Then they'll be like, that's a genius idea, biz.
Right?
Yeah, I'm sure if I was in the last place team,
I'd be buzzing for the first overall team.
Fuck you.
Hey, speaking of buzzing, you boys were playing some good hockey there
before you guys ended up getting stopped.
Like, you were playing good finally for once.
Yeah, it was going good.
Our team was doing great.
We were having an absolute blast too, which was even better.
Who, my tumbo haze?
Dude, that video was so funny.
What did you do?
Did you break up the pass?
I think it was like four.
I broke up like three consecutive passes, and I was going to change,
and I was just like, fuck it, for the fans back home.
The taco fall keith um
goaltender but broski's donated 100 grand to that uh to the to the arena staff um let's talk about
him a little bit he didn't have the best season up until date right now but you say a lot of great
things about him great work ethic just you think it's just a one-off just tough tough situation
now all of a sudden being more pressure making more money yeah i think at the beginning of the
year when he was playing we were scoring like five six seven goals a night and he didn't really like
you know it wasn't he he didn't have to like shine every night for us and then
when he was playing unbelievable giving up one or two goals we couldn't score so it was kind of
like one of those things where he was kind of catching some bad bounces if you want to say for a goalie
where it was like we were either really good when he was okay and scoring or he was unbelievable and
we couldn't score so it was kind of like he wasn't getting the wins where he probably should have
where if we just scored a couple goals but But he's unbelievable. He works his absolute nuts off every day.
And, you know, we have nothing but confidence in him.
But Drieger's playing unreal too.
He's been  Darren Drieger's been unreal.
Hazy, I got one more quick one for you.
How does it work with the head coaches there,
the three-headed monster of A.V., Tarion?
And we haven't had you on since that
thing happened where they were chuckling in the hallway when brad marshall skated past the puck
oh yeah they've been they've been having some fun those coaches no well we we haven't really
gone through like any serious struggle we had one bad road trip like we went we went one in five on the west coast trip where we were in vegas arizona la
and oh is that when you lost your phone first night i'm just kidding i'm just kidding
and so and besides that road trip uh we've been pretty much like way above average uh the whole year so they've been
they've honestly been great um uh like av is obviously the head coach and and he's the fans
absolutely love him he handles the media in such a good way that like he kind of connects with the
fans and the philly fans love him and then ter Terian runs the power play, and our power play has been pretty good.
That first unit that we have with Konechny, Giroux, Voracek, Katori,
they almost score every night.
So he's been great.
And then our PK has been top ten pretty much the whole year.
So those three guys, they're all happy.
I haven't really gone through any bad stages yet.
Tell Biz what that Proverov does in the summer.
Oh, dude, this guy is an animal.
Looks like it.
He's an absolute animal.
You can mark my words. This guy's going to win the
Norris Trophy one of these years.
All right. I'm listening.
Yeah.
I
just got to know him at the beginning of the year
and we did a couple of rides together, two in front of practice
or two in front of the train to go play Washington.
And he's kind of explaining his summer, what is it, regiment?
Yes.
And he's explaining it to me.
It's about regiment, Viz.
Stop.
Fuck you.
R-E-G-G-G
M-I-S-S-S-F-S
Keep going
In his training regimen
Good big word Hazy I'm proud of you
What he does and I'm like hey you signed a big deal
Like
Maybe you gotta like step off the gas a little bit
And kind of like I don't know enjoy
A little bit and he's like no not at all
Honestly and he was explaining to me, not at all, honestly.
And he was explaining to me he leaves the house at 4.45 in the morning and he doesn't come back.
Does he get a paper route?
No, he comes back for food for dinner, I think,
and then he goes back out to train more.
And he has like a biking coach, a yoga coach, a skating coach, a sprinting coach,
a stretching coach.
Any coach that you can think of, he has.
That's awesome.
And he completely buys into it.
And this guy is just an animal.
He was telling me he doesn't do this.
He said if he didn't work out the whole season,
he would still feel as good as he did in the summer
because of how much he works out.
Wow.
Is he on the diet train as well?
Like, has he invested every aspect?
Oh, besides ice cream?
Yeah.
This guy kills more ice cream.
I thought I ate a lot of ice cream, Keith.
I can't say that.
Remember ice cream at NHL after games? Dude. Pints and pints of ice cream, Keith. Remember ice cream at NHL after games?
Dude.
Pints and pints of ice cream.
If you cannot eat ice cream,
you should get the
Hero of the Year award. I don't know how you can
do it. I agree.
You cannot do it, right?
Yeah.
Anyone I've ever seen.
We'll go to dinner. He'll
order ice cream for dessert and then we'll get back to the hotel,
and he's like, anyone want dessert?
We're like, Krovi, we just had dessert.
I love him.
He wants those calories.
Hey, Hazy, I got my Cata hot shirt on.
Is it true that he absolutely fucking hates that when you do the Cata thing?
I think he likes it now because av does it he loves it too
av does it every game in the media and at the beginning like hard c he's 21 years old
and he's from edmonton so i don't want to say he's not smart or dumb but he's just
lived in a little bit of a shelter a little bit,
growing up in Edmonton.
And no disrespect to Edmonton people, but he's just like
he wears the same suit to every game.
He's colorblind.
He thinks he has three suits.
He has one.
He's on the Rob Scuderi suit train.
We had an ugly suit trip, and you got fined if you didn't wear one.
And he wore that suit that he wears to every game. It's an ugly suit trip and you got fined if you didn't wear one and he wore that suit
that he wears to every game
to the ugly suit trip.
And you guys accepted it?
Oh yeah, Chris Stewart.
I thought Chris Stewart was going to cut
this suit to pieces, man. It was
insane.
Have you ever heard of him? What was the color of it?
He doesn't know.
He doesn't know. He thinks he's wearing a blue one
on one night, a gray one the next night,
and a black one the next night.
It's brown with red, green,
and yellow, I think, in it.
Stewie used to absolutely
shit on him for this. Have you ever heard
something tell a good story
that started like this, this one time
in Edmonton?
Yeah, Biz lost his phone
and then found it again.
And then we're like, Philly's
known for their pizza places.
Shout out Angelo's and Taco Bell.
I'm going to stick up for Edmonton here. I like Edmonton.
I'm the Canadian on the podcast.
Fuck you, Hazy.
It is a fun place to go out.
It is.
We're talking about good pizza in Philadelphia,
and Harty's like, oh, dude, we have this unreal pizza place in Edmonton.
It's Boston Pizza.
And he's dead serious about it.
I mean, Boston Pizza is light.
I love Boston Pizza, Hazy.
Don't try to fucking dog Boston Pizza.
Yeah, but you're saying on a scale of high-end pizza.
Dude, but all I'm saying is he just has a lot more to learn,
and it's so fun to just watch him come to the rink every day.
Hey, do you know that I had a suit that was on?
This suit sounds so bad when I describe it, but it wasn't that bad.
It was brown.
Brown was in it for our first couple of years.
No, it wasn't.
It was navy blue, and there was the faintest orange pinstripe.
But it wasn't a pinstripe suit.
I don't know if you understand what I'm saying.
If you got close, you could tell.
So I'm sitting on the plane right when I got traded to Edmonton,
and I see Horkoff whispering over to ethan morrow and and and now mind you i don't know anyone and then morrow's
like oh wait fuck six suit nice here to just wear for the team and they just all started dying
laughing i was like oh man it's it was i got so roasted and embarrassed It's really hard to get a new suit and have confidence to wear it.
Even if it looks good, you're going to get ripped.
Did that warm you up right to the team right away?
I knew right away.
I was laughing so hard.
I was like, those guys were awesome.
If you guys ever get Hartsy on this podcast,
you have to ask him about when he cooked his food.
He cooks food in this place.
He lives alone.
I'll just tell the story, I guess.
And so he comes to the rink one day for like two, three straight days.
He's like coughing up a lung, and's like spitting up this like black loogie
stuff and and we're like hard to you what the fuck is going on and he's like well i was cooking
the other night he speaks like a super soft like soft spoken guy and and uh i went out to throw my
trash away and my door locked behind me. No, no. And it was late
at night so he couldn't get into his door.
Didn't have his phone.
No, he had his phone
I think and he was trying to get a hold of the realtor
who sold him it. No one was
downstairs. I'm pretty sure he had a call
911.
And it was
his, he had white
walls that were black.
And it all, he said he was so happy
he was so happy to
go on the road so he could sleep in a room that didn't
smell like smoke
you didn't say what was
on fire
whatever he was cooking
oh you left
out a man you didn't explain the part. Whatever he was cooking, just. Oh, you left out a man.
You didn't explain the part that he was cooking something.
You just said he got locked out.
Jesus Christ, dude.
Hey, boys.
Speaking of cooking things, biz, we got a lot of mass holes on the show tonight,
which means a lot of potato eaters.
So I want to tell you about the old McCain Potatoes Dipping Wedges.
McCain Potatoes Dipping Wedges are a new and unique fry solution that is cut in a V
shape and allows users to load up on with toppings and or dips to create a variety of unique appetizers.
They are one of a kind, being the only V-cut shape in the marketplace. They got a crispy texture on
the outside, crispy texture on the outside, and a soft one on the inside. How do you prepare them?
Pretty simple. You can deep fry them. You can bake them in the oven for a healthier alternative. If
you deep fry, they're ready in two to four minutes. In the oven, probably 24 to 26. Just be sure not to lock yourself out.
You can get them at Walmart, Target, Safeway, ShopRite, Food Lion, and many more retailers.
Check out the where to buy section of their website, and you can find them in the freezer aisle.
What they pair well with, I'll tell you, guacamole, salsa, melted cheese, pico de gallo, or any of your other favorite dips.
Also, there's no artificial colors or flavors, and they're made with real potatoes.
So do check them out.
All right, boys, let's get back to the lecture at hand.
We've got some pretty big news, actually, we haven't even got to yet.
Wait, I'm sorry, go ahead, do you have something?
Yeah, I wanted to bring something up so I don't forget.
I don't know if you caught this Twitter conversation I was in with the guy
who's  I posted a clip of Patrick Waugh showing up, Adam Foote.
Yes.
In the  what year did they win it?
2001 series against LA.
I don't know if it was the first or second round, whatever.
Foote goes down to block a shot that's just inside the blue line. It doesn't
hit him, and it goes in
like it should not have gone in,
and Watt stands up
and is staring at
Adam Foot, who, if it wasn't Patrick Watt,
probably would have legit murdered the guy.
But it's the worst
look when goalies do that.
And goalies out there, some goalie customizer
comes at me talking all this
nonsense that only a goalie could talk about.
Get out of the way. Block it or not.
Blah, blah, blah.
It's about respecting a
teammate. You don't see guys
do that to each other on the bench or anything.
That's always driven me
nuts. So, I
just wanted to get that out there. Go ahead,
all right. It's all right. How would you have played that if you were foot?
Just let the guy get a clean shot.
Yeah, I mean, I didn't block one shot in my life.
Actually, it was a zero, I think, for the whole career.
Adam Foote was a straight-up warrior, though.
Yeah, exactly.
That was the other part.
That guy ate shots for breakfast, lunch, dinner, pregame meal.
A lot of composure there, not to baseball swing Patrick Walsh.
I'm sure he said something in the locker room, no?
Yeah, for sure.
I know.
He sees the clip
during all this shit going on, he calls him up.
Hey, Patty.
He hasn't seen it till I...
You better apologize right now. I'm going to fly there and knock you the fuck out.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm not sure if everybody even got caught up
to speed. Lots of news. The Canadian
Junior Leagues, they're all done for the year.
Playoffs are done. Memorial Cup is cancelled.
I can't really say it's a surprise at this
stage of the game given the way the last
few weeks have played out. The KHL,
they also cancelled the rest of their season.
They're not going to have any playoffs as well.
Off the ice, the Summer
Olympics in Tokyo, they've been postponed.
They plan on pushing them ahead of year.
We'll cross that bridge when we get to it.
The NHL also officially postponed the scouting combine,
the award show, and the draft as well.
This stuff's wreaking havoc right now.
I mean, like I said, looking at August dates,
it just feels like it's more check, cross, and tease,
and dot nines to see what's available because I don't know, man.
If this stuff's happening now at this stage
of the game, it's tough to think they're going to have everything
up to speed
to be able to play these games later in the summer.
Yeah, Keith, I
actually wanted to ask you. You beat
Quebec in the Quebec League Finals
and then you lost to Quebec when you were on
Moncton in the Memorial
Cup.
Do you remember that game clearly?
Can you tell me different facts about it and remember it?
Well, the game I had two goals in the final.
There you go.
But do you remember everything as a player? As you've moved on, you're just like,
I don't even remember it that well.
Honestly, I don't remember it that well.
The only thing I remember from that, I don't i don't remember it that well i definitely i don't remember the
only thing i remember from that i don't know if i've ever told the story is uh i think it was the
first game we played vancouver and the luchi train was on there and he lines up next to me and
obviously that's back but you didn't know anyone on any teams and um lines up the lines up next to
me goes i'm gonna fucking run you all night i'm'm like, no, no, no, no, no.
We don't need to start off like this.
I'm like, let's just see how the game goes.
First shift, he
fucking runs me.
Every shift, he tried to kill me. I'm like, this guy's a
savage. I think Brule
was on their team. Was he on their team?
Yeah, I think he was on their team. He was running
guys and then Luke Bourdain,
rest in peace oh hit
brulee the hardest hit i've ever seen and brulee leave the game no he was one of the sickest juniors
he was nasty yeah i heard i always heard that oh i didn't know that about that's crazy i mean that
that the the guys in that team i mean it was it was all about... That's crazy. I mean, the guys on that team,
I mean, it was all about...
What's his name?
The nut in Dallas.
So is every team in this Quebec tournament
basically stacked?
Like, if you're not stacked,
you can't get an attorney?
It's the Memorial.
The Memorial Cup is.
Oh, I thought you were talking about
the Quebec tournament.
Well, fucking pay attention.
You're chirping hazy for fucking not paying attention.
Sorry.
You talk about the Quebec tournament a lot.
That's why.
Keep us the stick, boy.
Yeah, my bad.
I don't think that's as bad as hazy.
Fuck you, Vince.
Hey, I said he was cooking i would assume
i don't know what let me call him and say hey what the what were you cooking the fucking t-bone
rap tunes or something maybe he's spitting some game uh what were you gonna say keith hey you
guys say i think it might have been last episode or something that you guys piss in bottles and
stuff how can you not hold a piss for an hour-long show, two hours?
Oh, I drink at least a gallon and a half of water a day.
Yeah, I probably do too.
I drink a lot of water.
Yo, these size, the big dog, I'm not going to say their name,
no free ads, but I have like eight of these a day.
That's what my number one advice to anyone would be
is drink good water and drink a lot of it. Electrolytes.
You never get sick.
Plus, Keith, know this too. If you have to
piss, I think it distracts you from the
lecture at hand.
You know what I mean?
I know for me, if I'm thinking about pissing,
it takes my eye off the ball.
I have the smallest bladder
in the world, too. Dude, if I take that
fucking can I brands, they pay for shit
around here so we can say their name, Mrith yandel um i wet the bed like it's if i'm in a
deep one a deep sleep at least a half piss where i gotta run and get the towel put it down and
how often does that happen i would say probably like once every like 20 times i use it sometimes
i like forget or something but yeah, I don't give a shit.
I'm getting that good sleep.
That means I needed it.
I've hit my wall.
Yeah, you do go, go, go.
That's what I'm saying.
All right, boys.
I'm not ashamed.
We've been talking about the financial ramifications of everything going on
with this coronavirus and a little more update.
Some people coming off not looking good once again.
We'll get to that in a sec.
But NHL employees, the league office side,
they're going to be taking a temporary 25 pay cut.
So, you know, it allows them to continue working.
But if I can, you know, kind of I think sets an example for other people.
The Montreal Canadiens, they laid off a significant amount of employees.
It's temporary.
But they also did establish a 6 million assistance fund,
which will help enhance those employees, their basically unemployment benefits.
So they're going to get at least 80 of their salary for over a period of eight weeks, which is
certainly a lot better than what their rivals have done. Oh, fucking the Jacobs clan. It's
incredible. Now, just to backtrack, I'm going to go to the Devils on Monday, okay? They had their
CEO sent out a statement that said the employees are going to take a temporary 20 pay cut. Well, they got buried
all over Twitter, all over the media. On Tuesday, the founder of their company, whoever owns the
Devils, he came out and said, no, we're reversing that decision to our fans and staff. I'm sorry,
we got it wrong. So they reverted back to paying all their employees. Well, after that all plays out, the tone deaf Delaware North company that owns the Bruins,
they decide they're going to lay off Bruins and TD got employees.
It's intended to be temporary, but this is, again, this is the last team to commit to
giving money to people who are going to miss work.
Once the games are canceled, not even right now, they got to wait for the games to be
officially canceled.
Now they're pretty much the first ones in fucking line
to say, see you later. I mean, you can beat up these fucking owners all day. I know you guys
play in the league. I don't expect you to chime in, but I'm not surprised anymore. I can't be
with it. It's just the fucking atrocious that they already were last on that line. Now they're first
in this line, laying off employees. And it just sucks, man. It sucks that they have to be shamed yet again. And I don't think they're going to like, quote unquote,
do the right thing. Cause they also in Buffalo, they had, they had a layoff, like, I don't like
a third of 3,100 employees up there because they have their company up there. Cause nobody's
working for them. So they're going to take the hit. And I don't think they give a shit like
your tweets, Ed Witt. I don't think they care at all. And I don't know if it's because
he, he decides how he's going to run his business business he's been doing it forever that's what he does
or he's cheap it's probably a little of both right i mean he's just looking at it like it's
a business he doesn't really and this is a total guess he doesn't really look at them as like
people he's just like their numbers their I got to slash this to get to this, and this is that.
I mean, the guy's a  he's hated.
I mean, the Bruins have been  I mean, granted,
they only have one cup in the last little while,
but they've been a hell of a team for a long time.
Every single year it seems like the Bruins have a legit chance to win,
and people still despise the owner.
Do you know how hard it is to have that good of a team and still hate the owner?
I mean,
it's just a guy that doesn't surprise you now,
as you said.
So it sucks for those people.
You feel really bad for them.
And I mean,
you forget about the health of what's going on to people from this disease.
That's the most important thing.
You're not even thinking,
take that aside,
which is crazy to even say.
I mean,
this is just fucking over and screwing with so many people's lives. It's awful to see. I mean,
there's so many people that are out of work and getting laid off. And it's just, it's been such
an awful time. And I think we're getting through it pretty well and we're doing the best we can.
Everyone's trying to stay positive and think of others, but fuck,
it's kind of a grind.
And just to give you a little more numbers on that,
it's 68 full-time
going to be on temporary leave and 82
full-time is going to be on indefinite
salary reductions. And like you said,
this is the guy, he runs his business the way
he wants to, but it just seems to be absent
any real humanity with a lot of
the stuff. In a vacuum, no one really cares, but when you put him be absent any real humanity with a lot of this stuff. Listen. In a vacuum,
no one really cares, but when you put him
versus 30 other teams, and he's the
only one to come out the first
and one out line and last and the other,
it's a fucking bad look. Sorry,
there's one more thing. They built up
all kinds of goodwill. They won the Cup. Fans came
back. That reputation went away somewhat,
but they've literally pissed all that goodwill
away. It's completely gone.
I think they're going to feel, whenever hockey resumes,
they're going to feel it in their pocketbook
at some point.
It's shitty. You guys nailed it on the head. I don't want to
keep beating on a dead horse here.
Obviously, the mood's been
down a little bit for a few
minutes here. Let's have some fun.
Let's get back to having a good time.
Tell us something to make us
laugh or tell us something funny right now.
I was going to go to the All Right Hamilton
questions.
Do we have some for them? Yes, we do.
Absolutely. And we
have some fan questions as well.
I actually took a poll. I got a question
for Witt
from a fan.
He texted a group of 11 people with me on it,
said, guys, I'm going on Chickas.
What can I get wit fired up and rattled about?
And then I responded and he said,
oh shit, you weren't supposed to be on it.
Please leave this chat.
And I honorably left the chat.
So I know you got something from one of those losers.
Just like Waze, he just left this chat.
No, wit, your favorite Macy gray song oh my god i was flipping out that night
i'd never seen anything like it so we were down in atlanta right that was in atlanta
yeah ross visiting officer ross ross would just get 40 guys on free golf, didn't have to pay for anything.
It was incredible.
It was just get the hookups.
So we were down there.
And you might have to fill me in.
I don't remember exactly.
I think I might have hit the pen.
And all of a sudden, the song, I tried as a girl.
We just started singing it.
It didn't come on.
Oh, my God.
What?
We were just sitting in the kitchen.
Okay, so maybe people are going to agree with me
because I more thought I was in the wrong
and thinking something crazy was going on
because I remembered that the song came on,
you guys sang, and I was still somewhat freaked out.
So, yeah, that's exactly what happened.
So these seven or eight complete clowns,
all of a sudden are just screaming
singing that macy gray song so i'm a little high right you're maybe a little paranoid what's going
on and i still to this day think that they they were they all planned like let's do this and and
make him flip out knowing i would because naturally it's been, you know, 17 years, maybe, maybe 10 years, 15 years.
So I am still rattled and think you guys talk beforehand.
Who the hell starts singing in the middle out of nowhere after playing golf
and having beers?
I try to walk away.
Well, still, did you guys?
Are you going to admit now on the show?
No, dude, I swear.
We were sitting in Ross's kitchen
and all of a sudden I was just like,
I try to stay good.
Voice of an angel, too.
And Andy O'Connor's saying,
I try to walk away.
And then everyone started singing
and Witt's like,
hey, hey, what the fuck?
Shut up.
What's going on here?
And we're like, we're like, just trying to, he's like, no, no, what the fuck? Shut up. What's going on here?
We're like, Whit, we're just trying to... He's like, no, no, what was that?
We're like, dude, we're just singing
the song. He's like, no, seriously, what the fuck was that?
We're like, dude, we're just singing
a little Macy Gray. He's like, nobody just sings
Macy Gray.
It was an
absolute tune, though.
Oh, shit.
I've grown to love this song.
How can you not?
All right, let's throw some questions out there,
see if we can have a few chuckles here.
This is the first one here.
This is from at Shane Zola, Z-O-O-L-A.
All right, Hamilton.
I love it.
What is that?
That's what comes up when you guys say it. That's usually Sean Penn saying it. What is that? That's what comes up when you guys say it.
That's usually Sean Penn saying it.
All right.
First up, if each of you were going to the electric chair at midnight,
what would your last meal consist of?
Obviously, under these circumstances, probably macaroni and cheese and Doritos,
but under normal circumstances, if you were getting the chair,
let's go to you, Hazy, first.
All right, Hamilton.
I know. I'll tell you Hazy's order. Okay, let's go to you, Hazy, first. All right, how's it? I know.
I'll tell you Hazy's order.
Okay, let's go.
Let's go.
Oh, wait, wait.
We should have somebody text.
We should have Hazy text one of us what he thinks he's going to say.
Yeah, I can't.
Let's do it.
I can't leave.
I can't leave.
Yeah, whatever.
Go ahead.
Okay, never mind.
I can't leave.
Are we doing Valbella or Terra?
Valbella because that was the world's funniest
dinner I've ever had.
Oh my god.
Holy shit.
He's getting the
buffalo
mozzarella with the prosciutto.
They're bringing the
prosciutto just because I'm their guy.
Yeah, that's legit.
His first born family.
I am the Avro. just because I'm their guy. Yeah, that's legit his firstborn family. A-F-B-F, bro.
Okay, let him keep going.
Let him keep going.
Then he's getting a Caesar salad.
What did you say?
A what?
A Caesar salad.
Then he's getting the veal parm
with some penne vodka on the side.
Lights.
That's exactly where it is.
Then they bring the huge glass that is
a chalice, a coke.
Oh.
With the crushed ice.
Ice. The best ice you've ever had.
They crush it up for hazy.
The guy crushes it in his mouth, spits it out,
puts it in the glass form so it's perfect.
Baby bird.
Yeah, baby bird.
So Hazy's going from
New York and then he's driving
175 miles an hour in his Jeep
Strangler and then
he's going to
he's going to Ice Cream Smith in Dorchester
and eating seven pints of ice cream.
You can only order online and pick up.
Really?
Chocolate with MMs.
First time I ever went there, it was approaching winter.
It might have been October or whatever.
And so then naturally the next time I go, it shut down.
It shuts down all winter.
I was as crushed as anyone had been because that first experience was maybe the best thing I've ever tasted.
And as we mentioned, I'm an ice cream guy.
So I have an ongoing family joke with the ice cream smith that my dad will finally find the truth out when he listens to this.
This is unbelievable so about i was probably a freshman or sophomore in college so i'm talking it goes back almost six probably almost nine years and i was going with my sister we just
left the house it's probably a five minute drive and we're two minutes into it
and this girl that i was talking about bc's like do you want to get ice cream and i told my sister
i'm like hey i'm on an ice cream date let's just go back to the house i'm sorry and so we go back
to the house and my dad's like what happened and i'm like oh that fucking old guy that works there
kicked me out and he told me he and rude and I told him to go fuck himself
and he kicked me out for life. He said
he banned me for life.
My dad wanted to go back to
the ice cream shop and strangle
this guy.
Because you didn't bring him ice cream back.
He wanted him dead.
So no joke, for the next
nine years, my family always goes,
I still always go to the ice cream store.
I don't go with anyone in my family because they all think I'm banned.
And so my dad's going to find out through this podcast that it was all a made-up joke
so I could go on a date with this girl that I was at when I was a freshman in college.
I'm putting a wanted picture of you in there.
That was like following a fucking movie.
Yeah.
And he left the oven on.
Alright,
what's your fucking electric chair meal?
Sushi, right?
Certainly not a salad.
I'm going Capital Grill has these prosciutto Sushi, right? Certainly not a salad. You see how ready you're, Alan?
I'm going.
Capital Grill has these prosciutto-wrapped mozzarella hot appetizer.
That's one.
Because you can order from all the different restaurants.
They'll run around town in Uber Xs for you and get the death rope, guys. You just got to kill seven people and they'll do it for you.
Yeah, exactly.
Hell of an ending.
That's my appy.
Then I'm going a New York strip.
I love New York strip.
Big one, 16-ouncer.
I don't care, bone in, bone out, don't care.
I'm then adding two sick pieces of fried chicken,
like good fried chicken.
That's on the side of the steak
along with a
baked potato loaded to the max.
French fries, probably
double potato on this one.
Maybe a little mac and cheese. I'm going
carbo-heavy because I'm not going to
matter feeling bad the next morning.
There is no next morning.
And then at the end, I'm just,
you'll be Brigham's chocolate chip a pint and a half.
You'll be dead before the chip.
No.
Tom Hanks will come to get you to walk the green mile.
You'll be dead in your bunk.
No, but that big guy will bring me back.
That's serious.
Yeah, Michael Clark Duncan.
He passed away a few years ago, that dude. Gee you got what's your uh what's your electric chair meal
uh i probably love the hot pocket
red lobster hot pockets oh what else north shore do people eat
uh garden bread sticks with he dips them in chocolate for dessert
A Newport
I'd do a nice lobster roll
From Woodman's up on the North Shore
That's what I'd do
And I'd do a nice steak as well
You can just get whatever you want
According to the wind
Ken, no, those guys actually
Have you ever seen the order?
I think that's false
I think that's false I think that's false
Oh, alright
No, they
I don't know if they'll go to seven places
But they do
They do give you a pretty substantial meal
Yeah, they
They do put a little overblow for the killers
They don't go into Morton's and get you an appetizer
And then go into
Have you ever seen the movie with
Have you ever seen the movie with
Law Abiding Citizen
Yes, thank you You're the best Have you ever seen the movie with oh law abiding citizen yes thank you you're
the best have you ever seen the steak they get him when to give him info oh god that was a gross
scene oh and that movie yeah yeah yeah no hazy knew what i was talking about that's crazy being
on the yeah that's a movie yeah but i think that that means that they bring  I think that's realistic enough. Casey's only ever seen Get Rich or Die Trying and Law Abiding Citizen.
Biz, you all right, dude?
Yeah, Biz.
I'm picturing the part where he sticks that T-bone right in the guy's neck.
You got that scene in my head.
That's from Law Abiding Citizen, right?
Yeah.
Then I get the thought in my head, and then I feel like I'm protecting my neck.
Do you guys ever do that?
No?
All right, never mind.
When do you got this?
For your last meal?
I don't  just like generic shit.
You guys, we don't need to go through mine.
All right.
You know I went a whole season with New York when the kids were there
and watched Get Rich or Die China before every game.
You're telling me the whole thing.
At least 45 minutes.
Or you watch
CSI with Chris. Who else have you played
with that doesn't take a nap in the National
League? The only league you know,
right, actually? Yeah.
Is there another league for Hazy?
There isn't. Don't speak
too soon. You never know how she all runs
down at the end, buddy.
I used to watch...
Me and Brandon Perry started Game of Thrones
and it got to the point where we were watching
it in pregame.
I would look over and he'd be sleeping.
We'd be in the same bed. He'd be
sleeping pregame and I'm watching Game of Thrones.
I had to let him know when he fell asleep
and I would do whatever
on the plane and he could catch up to me.
All right.
What would your meal be?
Mine would be  I'm a huge San Tapio's guy.
That's for the listeners who are unaware.
It's, to my money, the best pizza in the city of Boston.
I would get a mushroom.
My father volunteers to pick people up from the airport to go there before.
Oh, absolutely.
It's a veteran move.
Yeah, it is in East, right outside the airport.
I would get a mushroom and green pepper,
a mushroom and pepper, well done, with a side of
barbecue lamb, a large Pepsi,
and a few Budweises, too, and then probably
something Ben  Jerry's with caramel in it
for dessert.
R.A.'s giving us a lot of thought.
Hey, R.A.
He's done so much
shit that he's like,
I got the list right here
he might actually change it last year i sent him back the new one though what's the statute hey
keith all right like it'll be 11 o'clock at night walking home from dinner and he'll be banging on
the doors of a cvs to get chocolate he needs chocolate before he goes to bed yeah i i kind of
cut back a little bit because i was getting a little... What's your favorite
chocolate bar, right? He would
buy the Cadbury eggs in the middle of the winter.
Honestly, I like
the little piece. I usually get Dove. Dove's pretty
good, but I'll get Hershey's
in a pinch. I don't mind a little Hershey's.
It's classic American chocolate.
Yeah. I mean, hey,
I'd love to try... They say England has
fantastic chocolate. I know, obviously, Switzerland is well-known, but England, Loki has some pretty good chocolate. I mean, hey, I'd love to try. They say England has fantastic chocolate.
I know, obviously, Switzerland's well-known,
but England low-key has some pretty good chocolate, I've been told.
All right, this is actually a pretty good question.
We got another one for you.
Actually, Keith, we didn't get your answer.
Let's have Hazy give you our answer like you did for Hazy.
Are you going to Valbella or Ichiro?
Ichiro.
Keith is 100 showing up.
He's ordering the Ming Ming
snowball.
Hundy.
He's doing
spicy tuna in the middle.
Then you're doing
probably six pieces of salmon
sushi and tuna sushi,
but you take off half the rice every bite, which makes no sense to me whatsoever.
I wouldn't on my last meal.
I wouldn't on my last meal.
I thought you all, oh, man, I'm a heady on that game.
They just know when I order, I'm a half-rice guy.
Yeah, same.
So you're saying you Yeah, but then he does half the half-rice I order, I'm a half-rice guy. Yeah, same. Then he does half the half-rice.
Oh, you're a quarter-rice guy.
And you don't want to tell them
quarter-rice because it's so ridiculous sounding.
Yeah.
He's getting an owl
and then he's going to order edamame
so he can squeeze out all the beads out for
Miller and Lola.
And when he's alone, he gets like that ice cream, you know,
the weird ice cream that they have.
Mochi.
Mochi.
So, hey, go back.
Go back.
So your daughters love the edamame.
So you squeeze it at the bar and then you bring like the little thing inside.
I squeeze it out for them into the soy sauce cup and put it in there for them.
And they eat it by once. That's so cute cute that's so cute of you as a father i don't i don't have the father of the year mug
for nothing hey oh uh hold on biz this place oh i was gonna say we went and got that american doll
for his kids the one that i had to show up and like he had to build the doll and shit and bring
it to his right but we're in chicago yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. At the mall.
Oh yeah.
That's their biggest,
that's their,
what were you going to say?
Sorry.
No, I was just going to say this place that we get sushi from.
It is so nice to set up at this point.
Cause I call,
they see the caller ID.
They know,
they know my name.
They've written my order down and my credit cards there.
I actually call what's up with,
Hey guys.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye. Bye. Bye. call. What's up, Whit? Hey, guys. Thank you. Bye, Whit.
Yeah. That's the conversation?
They don't say Whit.
Ryan. Hello, Ryan.
Hey, what's up, guys? Yep. I'll be there in 10.
Perfect, Ryan. Thank you.
Hey, you know what they called me on one
time? So same thing, but they
delivered, but they can never find my house, so I
always go and pick it up. So the one time, I'm like, hey, can you just... It was raining out, so I'm like, but they can never find my house. So I always go and pick it up.
So the one time I'm like, hey, can you just, it was raining out.
So I'm like, hey, can you just run it outside?
The kids are sleeping in the back.
The lady's like, yeah, sure.
Runs it out.
She's like, oh, let me see the kid.
No kids.
Called me out on it.
And now every time I do it, if I'm going by to pick it up.
Hey, I have this.
Oh, you say I got the kids?
Yeah, and they bring it out.
Yeah, but he probably gives them 100.
Yeah.
So this is my thing about sushi.
I love sushi, but it's not the same when I don't eat it there.
Delivery or pickup, it's not as good.
It drives me crazy.
And that's everywhere, I'm saying
Why is that?
If I grab it right when it's ready
And I take it home, it's not that different
Is it just because you covered it up for a couple minutes
In some styrofoam?
You mentally know it's not the same
It's a mental thing
Psychosomatic
Alright boys, this is actually a good one
It might take a second to come up with one, but this is for everybody.
We'll go to Grinnelly first.
If you had a theme song for your life
right now, and I'm assuming it's under
these circumstances, what would that
song be?
That's from, I'm sorry, At Mid-South
Jonesy.
I don't know. I think you guys should answer this one for me.
What would my song for my life be?
Do you give a better answer than me?
The guy who was singing, we gotta be dancing. We gotta be smiling.
We gotta be shaking that ass going to Jersey shore.
That makes sense.
No, I don't know, dude. You said you're, you're,
you're number one guys to Kashi six, nine.
So I couldn't even pick like a song that you would like.
I'd say something by Loud Luxury.
I think it's about
a theme for what's going on in your life right now, not
your favorite song you want to hear. It's something that
represents what you're going through.
I will openly, before we really get going,
I don't even know. Grinnelli's
right now in his life would be started
from the bottom. Now we're here.
50. Nice.
That's a good answer.
Kevin is hot.
Hazy's got to do them for
all of us. He's obviously good at
this game.
Keithies would be White Iverson.
That's perfect.
That is so good. Are you going to do all
rap songs?
Do you want me to switch? No, you have to go through every genre.
Hey, we got to do one for everyone.
R.A.'s will be Living on a Prayer.
Mine would be Get Rich or Die Trying.
Yeah, maybe that or Congratulations Post Malone.
Okay, all right.
A little tap on the back.
Whitty's would be, let's see.
Whip would be, I'm trying to think.
Something by Posty for sure.
Something that has to do with smoking weed.
He loves Post Malone.
I love him.
I just went to his concert
I'll chime in here
Wiz Khalifa
How do you sing that one?
So what we get drunk
So what we get drunk
We're just having fun
That one's called
What's that called?
Young Wild and Free.
Young Wild and Free, yeah.
The Whitties would be...
I try to say goodbye
to my show.
I try to walk away.
Rick from Red Deer was punching the fucking
stereo. He's like, say that fucking...
You talked about it earlier, you fucking
idiot.
It's fucking hilarious.
Biz would have to be
What?
Biz would have to be like a hardcore rock song
where like your mind's just racing
at all times.
No, something like more
psychedelic, crazy, like weird.
Yeah, true, true, true, true.
Hey, so we got to give this um shout out have
you guys um been listening to mark uh ribby a ribby a he's a guy you're saying it right
yes huh um but he's this guy on twitter i retweet him all the time he does these like quarantine
fucking like dj tracks and he like, and the callers call in.
During this quarantine time, this guy's blowing up.
Somebody retweeted him before this whole shit happened, and I was like,
oh, my God, this guy's fucking hilarious, and he's smooth, and he's soulful,
and he's quirky.
Buddy, I'm telling you, this guy's going to pop off,
and you guys should tune in one day if he's doing one of these quarantine
chesters again.
It's two hours long.
It's fun.
Throw it on.
You jam to it.
So shout out to Mark Ribayet.
Your song would be Bah with the Bah by Kid Rock.
No, it would be the Little Mermaid song.
Oh, yeah. It would be the Little Mermaid song. Oh, yeah, Whip would be the Little Mermaid.
Yeah, Under the Sea.
You guys, that was good.
Who said that, Whip?
Biz used to get rattled about it.
He'd put on some, like, indie band.
He'd be like, oh, I went to this indie show,
and this indie guy opened up to this other indie guy.
Yeah, because Hoppy liked them, too.
Exactly.
Oh, it's not cool to be different, is it?
No, no, I'm saying you guys were very similar in terms of like
No, whatever Uppy told him, he agreed.
Oh, dude, I love when people feed me music because I'm not looking for it.
So I'm like, Uppy's got great taste in music.
I agree with that because he gave me music.
Hey, he's a music guy. I'm going to follow him because I don't have the time
and energy to sit on iTunes
all day digging or going on these
message boards and shit.
We actually have one of those guys too.
Always has the best music.
Who?
Blotting and Laughton.
Scott Laughton. Funniest guy ever.
He seems like a great guy.
Hey, you know who he reminds me of?
Who?
Kyle Chepchura.
I was going to say Chep too.
I was going to say Chep.
Yeah, he's the guy who comes up
and says it in your ear.
He doesn't speak up much
in the whole room.
Isn't he an incredible
shit talker?
Dude, he's unbelievable. The shit he an incredible shit talker? Dude, the shit
he says on the ice is so
funny.
He called someone, I don't want to start
calling people out, but he called someone
on Washington the other day,
Voldemort, and told him he'd get
20 for a tan.
It was so funny.
I played with him for a while, and I was crying laughing.
And then all of a sudden, after games, we'll be hanging in the hot tub,
and he's an unreal voice.
He sings the Luminaires all the time, and he kills carryovers.
No way.
Yeah.
Was that the end of the story?
Yeah, that's it.
Oh.
All right.
Well, I mean, fuck, maybe we'll get him on and sing some tunes.
Do you think he's got a better voice than Jimmy?
He is.
No, Jimmy.
Jimmy's got a good record.
Have you heard him singing on here?
Yeah.
He's got a wonderful voice.
Yeah, crushed my eardrums.
How would you describe your brother on the golf course?
How would you describe your brother on the golf course?
He should be sponsored by Xanax, that guy on the golf course.
He actually was super slow. He's the biggest competitor.
And he is the biggest competitor.
Honestly, he's the most competitive guy I've ever met.
Every shot is a competition.
But actually, his game is way better than mine right now.
Remember how long he used to take?
Oh, he's worked on that.
He's worked on that.
He was doing 47 knee bends before he ripped it away,
and now it's down to like 33.
I hate that.
When I stand over the ball too long, it's annoying.
I love playing golf with him, though, because he's so into it.
He loves golf. He has the biggest golf bug I've ever
seen. He is obsessed with it.
He's actually...
He'll get good.
Yeah, he will. He is.
He's actually pretty good right now.
He's gotten better.
He's gone from really bad to where
he is now way quicker than I did.
Oh, yeah. Now he's obsessed. He'll be really good. from really bad to where he is now way quicker than I did.
He's going to be and now he's obsessed. He'll be really good.
Yeah, and the best is
when you're playing for fun, he kind of lets
everything go.
If there's any money in the line, he's not
giving easy putts.
He's watching me to see if
I'm fluffing every ball. It's unbelievable.
Whit used to fluff
every single ball.
His dad would say, wrong sport. You're not
allowed to stick handle on this sport.
Yeah, I know. When I was like 10
years old or 11 years old one time,
I said, hey, I'm just going to move
it because it's in the dirt. And he said,
yeah, you can move it. You're not playing golf.
But
I was like, okay.
Hey, I watched my first,
I watched my first episode of curb your enthusiasm last night.
If you tell me in the entire world,
what worst show,
worst show I've ever seen.
But that guy reminds me of your dad.
You're crazy.
I thought you'd like that show too.
I think I said that to you years ago and you went on some rant that it was
the worst show you've ever seen.
Did you hate Seinfeld too? Never seen one
episode. Yeah, so you're not that type of
Dude, you watch Teenage Mom
on MTV. I know.
Teenage Mom.
The worst TV show
selection I've ever seen.
The worst television.
All it is is every housewife
every what's the other one? 90 Day Fiance. Guaranteed you watch that. the worst television. All it is is every housewife,
every, what's the other one? 90 Day Fiance. Guaranteed
you watch that. Lights out.
What about the
Kardashians? Love them.
Oh, how about the recent few?
That was bullshit. Dave
Pornoy's been calling out Kim Kardashian for lying
about the Taylor Swift business.
What is the backstory? Actually, I don't know.
Is this worth talking about? No, we don't know.
They're already fucking.
I know Yans is a Swifty, so I was wondering whose side he was on.
I'm a big Swifty.
I'm on Swifty's side, too.
I think Kim and Kanye fucking made up everything.
Team Swifty.
All right.
Hey, boys, you want to kick the coffee habit,
but you're worried about your energy levels?
To avoid the morning sluggishness and that midday slump, you need to make sure you are hydrated.
Hydrant creates flavored electrolyte packets.
You mix it directly into your water to make hydrating your body easy and delicious.
I just said water like I'm from New York.
Each rapid hydration mix has the four essential electrolytes that your body needs,
sodium, potassium, magnesium, and zinc to help you hydrate quickly and stay
hydrated all day. And Hydrant is backed by research. The formula was developed by Oxford
scientists to provide perfectly balanced, efficient hydration. There's no synthetic
colors or artificial sweeteners. The formula is vegan, and you can choose between three
different flavors or a variety pack. Hydrant starts at just a buck a packet for a 30-day
supply. You can even save more with a
monthly subscription. And for 25 off your first order, go to drinkhydrant.com and enter the promo
code CHICKLETS at checkout. That's drinkhydrant, drinkhydrant.com. Enter the promo code CHICKLETS
for 25 off your first order. One more time for the people in the back, drinkhydrant.com. Enter
the promo code CHICKLETS.
All right, boys. We'll do one more quick one. This is an easy
one, then we'll move along.
I'm sure I know the answer here.
Kevin, this one's from
JP Agent.
Mark Wahlberg or Matt Damon?
All right, Hamilton. Wahlberg.
Keith is going to hate it, but Wahlberg.
What about you, Keith?
Affleck. Wahlberg's the number one,
besides Keanu Reeves, the number one worst
actor in Hollywood.
Not a fan? No?
No, I'm a fan. I like him. I just think he's a terrible
actor.
What about you, Wes? Who else is
horrific? There's another
actor out there. Yeah, Brandon
Frazier.
Brandon Frazier.
School Ties is a great flick.
Great flick.
They're all in it, too.
Yeah, they're all in that.
Yeah.
All those guys?
Wahlberg's not.
Damon is, though.
No, Wahlberg would have been the star on the other team that intercepted it
and ran into the end zone.
He was the director and the producer.
Who's, like, the worst actor who's in, like, so much where you're like,
how does this keep happening?
Wahlberg.
I think Keanu think Keanu,
Keanu is probably the highest paid considering a lot of people.
He's my son.
I'm the buddy.
There was a question.
Good and hard ball.
That's it.
Oh,
biz loves them.
Best movie ever.
Terrible.
This is the most unbiased opinion because I'm a massive can of Reese
fat.
Apparently he's the nicest guy in Hollywood, too.
I heard that.
There's a reason I couldn't get into The Matrix.
I'll be told Biz that.
Oh, yeah.
It's not an indie movie, so I'm not down.
It wasn't at Cannes Film Festival.
Yeah. Cannes.
I know, Biz, you were talking about we had
a lot of bad news, but we do got some good news we want
to pass around as well. We want to give a shout-out to our friends over at Bauer.
They decided to use their plant in Quebec to manufacture protective shields
instead of the usual hockey gear.
So shout-out to them for helping the cause here.
Everybody's trying to pull in the same direction.
Also, a big shout-out to Hank Lundquist for donating 100,000
to the Food Bank of New York City.
It's a nice donation because a lot of people are going to be struggling
over this next little stretch of time here.
We don't know how long.
So good on Hank for helping out some folks.
And also I want to give a shout-out to Kendall Coyne Schofield.
She was told about a little girl's 11-year-old birthday,
so she sent her a birthday message.
But then the family went outside, and lo and behold,
Kendall had left a signed autographed stick on the front porch
for her for a little birthday present.
So nice to see people at least be able to make some people happy and have a smile during everything that's going on.
And we want to acknowledge it here on Spit and Chicklets.
My kid's teachers drove by the house today to say hi.
Really?
It was unbelievable.
I'm like, can you take them?
Have you been doing those video classes?
Yeah, it's insane.
On this. It's like Zoom.
And is it one-on-one or is it the whole class watching?
The whole class.
That's crazy.
Did you see the college thing the other day?
They were teaching a college class online on Zoom,
and this naked guy sitting in the background
of some college student's video.
Yeah, and then the other kid was doing bong hits. He was ripping a bong. in the background of some college students video. Yeah.
Yeah, and then the other kid was doing bong hits.
He was ripping a bong that he's like,
Jim, could you please stop that right now?
He was pulling a bong.
University of Dayton.
Well, there was one guy who pulled up like the black.com banner,
and like the teacher could see that behind him,
but I don't think she knew what it was.
So it was all the dudes just standing over
what would have been a girl's face probably.
And his head was blocking it.
That one was on barstool.
The amount of times I've seen that giant dick is just
Seen it more than I've seen mine.
No, I got annoyed, and then now I laugh 40 seconds longer than the next one.
Every time.
The puzzle, the half puzzle being put together in the living room is so good.
Have you seen him at the cappuccino?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, the worst part is if he was alive after all this,
he'd be on like the Ellen show or something.
The poor guy passed away.
Couldn't believe he's not alive anymore.
Can't put on clothes
though. Has to walk around like that.
Everyone
gets to just slap at what's up. That's how
they meet him. They're just like, what's up, bud? Just give it a little whack.
How's your ham hock?
What's the origin of that whole thing?
I have no idea, but the other one I was going to say
when he's, when Jordan's
dunking and he's sitting at the end of the bed.
So there was, for people who are following along with this,
it's going to be like nobody doesn't know Biz.
I think everybody's seen it.
Eskimos without internet have heard about him and seen it.
He's gone up to the village and met everyone, actually.
Nobody hasn't met him.
Hey, just to prove your theory wrong, I'm calling my parents as soon as we're done recording and i'm gonna ask my mom like
hey do you know like the you know are they actually no hold on are they i'm actually you
get it in text but are they on twitter or no i mean my yeah my mom like once in a while goes
on instagram to see what i'm up to and shit. You think
my mom has seen that? She's 70
years old.
She's seen you rinsing yourself.
Oh, yeah.
Shut up.
You know the video
if there's something going on in Chicago,
it's like a train with all military vehicles
going by and people like, oh, this was
spotted outside of Chicago. It's a very common thing. There's a place that builds them, but all the trains are going by and people like, Oh, this has been, this was spotted outside of Chicago.
It's a very common thing.
There's a,
there's a place that builds them,
but all the trains are going by in the video. And then all of a sudden the guy's sitting on the last one.
I was like,
what's this video?
And they're like,
you got to keep watching.
Purell bottle.
One's insane.
Yeah.
I haven't seen that one.
There was another one.
There was another one.
Cause you,
you know,
all these videos are going around
of like military vehicles and you're seeing all this stuff.
Some of them are fake.
There was one that you're watching and then all of a sudden he's sitting at the end.
Yeah, I already just told that one.
Tune in, Taiwan.
I was texting.
Sorry, guys.
No, no, that's cool.
That happens once every three episodes, I think.
I do it sometimes, too.
Have you seen the one where it's like you know how the coronavirus has
the red triangles on the circle?
Yeah.
The picture of the coronavirus.
If you zoom in on the red triangles
it's him.
Oh, fuck.
Well, speaking of exceptions not another not i will say i haven't seen many of these things i saw the one when the person in their house was changing every picture in the house with that in
it you probably get so like replacing the picture of him and his wife with the picture of the guy
you probably get so many messages a day but i'll start tagging you with the ones I see.
Sometimes they're from those private
accounts, so you get blocked.
It sucks.
Speaking of exceptional
status, Connor Bedard, a 14
year old forward with the West Vancouver
Academy under 18 team, has been granted
exceptional player status and will be eligible
to play all season in the West
and Hockey League. West and Hockey League is a 15-year-old.
Obviously, this
isn't going to happen now that the season's been canceled,
but it doesn't happen often.
The seventh player to receive exceptional
player status, the first from Weston Canada.
That's the big deal. Wait, he would have played next
year, right? He's going to play next year
as his first year? Yeah, and he's
going to be 15 years old. He's the first
one ever in the dub.
He'll be a double underager.
And, boys, we got another Conor McDavid on our hands.
You guys are fucked.
The Americans are fucked.
This guy's going to be a stud.
Yeah, I know.
Who hasn't made it after being really good at 15?
Yeah, no, a couple of the guys.
I mean, the seventh guy to be exceptional, and let's see, Tavares, Ekblad, McDavid.
All the names are wild.
And a few other guys that you're probably not familiar with.
Hey, R.A., thank you for proving my point.
Anytime, buddy, anytime.
But, yeah, he's eligible for the 2023 draft, so we'll keep an eye on him.
Boys, I don't know if you saw, I wrote a blog a little while ago,
but the Doug and Bob McKenzie, the McKenzie brothers,
finally got a statue up in Canada.
Are you familiar with the McKenzie brothers brothers or were they too far ahead of
your time no i had no idea that happened that's crazy congratulations well what happened was there
was an artist who was commissioned you guys know who the mckenzie brothers are hazy he's yeah yeah
they're two basically it's rick moranis and dave thomas two actors back in like the 80s
this very popular can show, SCTV,
it was basically a Canadian Saturday Night Live,
and they introduced these two characters.
They were a huge hit.
They ended up making a movie called Strange Brew,
which became a cult hit.
They fucking were like kind of icons for a little while,
and then they kind of fizzed out.
But either way, there was an artist commissioned three years ago
to make a bronze statue of them,
and they were supposed to unveil
it friday in edmonton but because of everything going on thomas and mirandas can't get there
so what they did the guy just put it together and overnight like no one knew it was going to
be there and then people went out today and there was a statue of the mckenzie brothers just fucking
that's awesome i will say they didn't have that type of impact on me because that was right before
my era so like my old man grew up on that shit.
And that was kind of,
like you said,
it was the Saturday night live.
So your dad's era was right before yours.
Yeah.
They're pretty huge.
And can't actually,
when I was up Toronto,
Jeff Merrick took me on a tour of the CBC studios and that that's where they
filmed.
It's always a pretty cool thing to check out.
But they ever get to Saturday night live.
Did they ever make the transition?
No,
they,
um,
I don't, it was, they were kind of parallel. I mean, I don't think guys from SCTV weren't necessarily trying
to graduate to SNL. I think
they were kind of more like on the Canadian
version, more or less. But, you know, they
were basically all aiming for movie stardom.
But anyways, it was pretty cool to see them
finally drop that statue. Did you see this asshole
at the Tim Hortons drive-thru? I don't know what
province it was.
It was on Boston.
We tweeted it out.
The guy, he gets his coffee,
he sprays it a million fucking times with whatever,
and then he takes the cover off and he throws it and it lands on the floor.
Just people treating people like peons.
And then he tells the guy behind him,
fuck you.
Basically, he kind of ruined the reputation of Canada.
Oh, yeah, dude.
The guy had tickets to the Flames game,
supposed to be playing the Oilers tonight.
He was furious.
Can you blame him?
I mean, it's a tough time for hockey fans in Canada, right?
Yeah, it certainly is.
But can't be.
No, I'm just messing.
That guy's a scumbag.
Bringing out the worst in some people.
Yeah, absolutely.
Oh, go ahead.
Sorry.
No, go ahead.
Go ahead.
No, I forget what I was going to say at this point.
Just snapping it around.
We're just snapping it around. Just snapping it around.
It'll come back to me.
What other huge news you got, R.A.?
R.A., I know what it was.
I wanted to ask you that Invisible Man movie.
Yeah.
Is that worth getting?
I haven't seen it yet, but I heard it's unbelievable.
I thought you did.
Elizabeth Moss.
No, but I've heard it's fantastic because when
i tweeted about the the actress who's in it elizabeth moss i saw her in another movie
and i wrote a blog about it people like dude she was awesome and invisible man and it's a
dynamite movie it's getting dynamite reviews so well you can't say it's a diamond movie yet you
haven't seen it well no i'm talking what are the feedback i'm referring to that people everybody
who's who's seen it uh said it's very good. All right.
I usually like your movie suggestions.
The one with the girls, like it was like you said it was the girls super bad.
Booksmart?
Stunk.
Okay.
Okay.
No, that's fine.
Hey, that's your opinion.
I'm not going to sit here and tell you.
I deal with you.
That's why you're watching.
Hey, when you tell someone about, like, a movie recommendation
that they were wrong on, like you just did there,
it's basically saying, like, hey, fuckhead.
Dude, but he said 600 of them that I've liked.
I know.
Hey, Keith.
Well, you just got to let them know sometimes, you know,
like, thanks for wasting my time.
Okay.
Yeah, you just told them.
You're now on my shit list.
You're only as good as your last good recommendation.
Keith, what do you think of the ring shrink segments ring shrink dude he's gonna yeah he's buzzing dr ring shrink we gotta start maybe selling some ring shrink hats yeah we got t-shirts and
hats in in production as we speak so yes there'll be this logo texting me every day about it he's
texting me every day about it yeah Yeah, he's into it.
He loves it.
I was looking for some overtime.
Hey, boys, when running a business, everybody knows that H.I. issues can kill you.
Wrongful termination suits, minimum wage requirements, labor regulations,
and H.I. manager salaries aren't cheap, an average of 70,000 a year.
But Bambi, spelled B-A-M-B-E-E,
was created specifically for small business.
You can get a dedicated HR policy
and maintain your compliance all for just 99 a month.
With Bambi, you can change HR from your biggest liability
to your biggest strength.
Your dedicated HR manager is available by phone,
email, or real-time chat.
From onboarding to terminations,
they customize your policies to fit your business
and help you manage your employees day-to-day,
all for just 99 a month.
Month-to-month, no hidden fees, cancel any time.
You didn't start your business
because you wanted to spend time on HR compliance?
Let Bambi help.
Get your free HR audit today.
Go to bambi.com slash chicklets right now
to schedule your free HR audit. That's bambi.com slash chicklets right now to schedule you a free HR audit.
That's Bambi.com slash chicklets spelled B-A-M to the B-E-E.com slash chicklets. How you like
that flow? All right. Yeah. Maybe we're going to talk about like people not figuring out that
Twitter and sarcasm still do not mix. Like people think like they're going to get your sarcasm.
Like the guy who shit on one of the recent interviews
we did and said he was never going to listen
to the show anymore. He did claim
he was just kidding after. He probably was,
but people got to realize Twitter
doesn't work. I'm sorry. Sarcasm doesn't work on
Twitter, man.
He's going to say sunk at the end.
If he was being sarcastic,
if he was
kidding, it was a terrible joke.
Right.
No, it wasn't.
There's no way.
I mean, that was just  why would you  I always say I have no problem
if anyone ever listens to anything we do and thinks it sucks,
and you actually can do whatever you want.
I personally would just be like, I didn't like that.
I would never write to somebody online
to tell them bingo i hated it like what what do you get maybe maybe even tell your buddies on a
group chat but how do you actually take the time to tweet at someone to tell them that you hated
something they did to me that's crazy or if like they canceled your golf trip you would never like
get mad about it and mention it on a big podcast.
You wouldn't.
I had a very good point there. They pulled a scumbag move, and I had salient points.
I probably went a little too deep.
Iliot's passion.
I was on Witt's side about that one.
I mean, they're flexing their muscles, so he flexed his.
He's got a bit of a platform.
He was also he was taking the
bullet for the other boys too that got the raw end of the deal so shout out to you're like their
leader wait wait that'd be like the people in this olympics that qualified that gets moved back a
year they can't play in it but they but that's not the case i think they've already said yeah
but the thing about that argument is that it's every four years. Yeah.
So it's a little different.
But, yeah, either way, I don't want to get back into it. I'm still bummed out.
Way to go, Keith.
Way to go, you asshole.
Hey, you've been fucking chirping me a little too much this episode,
and now you're chirping my partner there.
When do you start chirping?
You're chirping.
You're chirping right now?
You're chirping.
Yeah, I did about his movies.
Yeah.
It's actually funny you said that too, Keith,
because I probably got a lot of feedback on that.
People fucking love the movie.
Suck it, Keith.
Once again, he watches terrible reality TV
and then he loves Little Nicky.
That's saying that Little Nicky's his.
Oh, no, that's Ross.
That's Brian.
No, you probably love...
I couldn't even put a guest together.
I watched that.
Is it 50 First Dates with Adam Sandler?
Lights out.
Oh, God.
I was so bad.
At the end, can you imagine having to do that every morning?
I'm doing it.
I'm doing it right now.
No, this is Groundhog Day, and I'm so close to being like the scene.
There's Ned, Ned Ryerson, and he just buries him.
Because it's full-on Groundhog Day at this point.
Yeah.
I've just been playing hide-and-go-seek.
Good thing you have an elevator in your house.
You're pretty good now, though.
You're a good player.
Kristen can't find me for days.
Well, you boys got any other items you want to share with the group
or you want to get ready to wrap up?
I'll check my notes.
Keith, how about that?
We've got a FaceTime.
Yeah, that's at 9.
We've got to hurry up.
We have a group chat, so we've been doing a FaceTime at night.
So it's 12 people on there, and whoever's talking,
their face gets bigger.
It's wild.
You have a
story that was happening in your group
chat about the garbage
that ended up coming to light where
somebody put garbage in
somebody's driveway
and then drove away and they got it on videotape.
You told me the story.
Yeah, I know. I didn't get all the info
but our buddy O'Connor, O'Connor Funeral Home in Dorchester,
they had video of these  actually, it's crazy because I forgot about
so they have video of these scumbags just pulling up in front of his business
and throwing all their trash out the window.
Littering.
And littering like a complete dirt ball and just driving away.
So somehow one of the other cameras they had,
they were able to see maybe not license plate,
but the make of the car.
Somebody realized what kind of car it was and they were able to do some
digging.
And then in the meantime,
O'Connor went out like the professional he is to clean up his place of business before people show up and he's cleaning up and he's going through
the trash and they got in the trash is a bank statement that this dude literally it was about
seven minutes prior had just deposited 99 000 into his checking account and he was driving like a
kind of a piece of shit car, and they were eating trash food.
So then they were trying to figure out a way to find out who it actually is.
I think they're still on the search just to find this littering dirt bag.
That's such a fucking scumbag thing to do is just park and then throw your garbage in the fucking street.
That's super dirt bag.
And how often do you see somebody cashing 99K
and then driving like a Honda Civic?
Hey,
Yandel,
there's another question.
It's a lot of money to be depositing in one.
And to be driving a ship box, too.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Yandel, there was another quote.
When they sent in the questions,
there's an old tweet here.
It's a Mike Smith quote.
We knew we had 20 minutes left to put it all out there,
and then Yandel said,
we can't lose on bobblehead night.
Somebody said, what's the story behind this legendary quote?
Doesn't sound that legendary to me.
You don't lose on bobblehead night.
Exactly.
I thought that might have been it.
You guys watch Below Deck, that movie Below Deck?
I mean, the show?
No.
No, my old lady does, though.
Yeah, well, the captain, Captain
Lee, he dropped
the first puck and I was like, we don't
lose on Captain Lee night. It's just like anything
to get the boys going. He didn't lose.
Yeah.
82 games already.
It gets a little long, you know? No, I figured. Yeah.
That was right. Just for the we don't lose on Captain Lee
night.
Are we going to ask a few more?
Hey, you guys know Foley's got his fastball back.
I don't think we've got time. Oh, let's
go. Let's hear it. I'm just going to read
this email through Foley, from
Foley to me, to explain how it all went down.
Foley's back,
like when Jordan came back,
and then Keith was a part of it, so he can kind of
fill in what I'm missing.
So, what's up,
dude,
this is kind of the summary.
Keith asked me to prank a chari.
He said,
this will be perfect.
And he asked that.
And I pretended to be the Panthers team chef,
Pauly.
So I texted a chari pretending to be Pauly and a chari then leads chef Pauly.
You know,
me foals to Ekblad.
And that results in Ekblad planning a big-ass team dinner
thinking he scored stakes from a top-five steakhouse in the country in Tampa Bay.
So this is the conversation they're having.
Pauly the chef.
Keith, hop in whenever you need to, okay?
Pauly the chef.
Are you laughing?
The fact that Paul did this again. Pauly the chef. Are you laughing? Yeah. The fact that Paul's did this again and Paulie the chef.
Hey, Noel.
This is not when he's just talking to Charles.
See how this went down.
It's Paulie the chef for the Panthers.
I was checking with the guys to see if I could come over and cook some
dinners or something during the suspension question mark.
Times are tough.
Now, let me explain something here.
Keep in mind that Chef Paulie, he doesn't communicate much with the boys.
This is like it's kind of left field that you got a guy who cooks for you,
but he doesn't talk to you about texting you and being pretty conversational,
if you ask me.
Pauly, the chef, then quickly before an even response said,
I got tons of meals I can cook.
I can bring linens and stuff too.
If any of you guys want to do a date night with the girlfriend or wife,
question mark, spread the word.
Thanks, man.
Noel Achari.
Hey, chef.
Hope you're doing well over this time.
It sucks not being able to play.
But right now with my wife being pregnant,
we are just self-quarantined, just keeping a low profile during this time.
But thank you very much for the offer.
I'll definitely pass this along to the guys, though.
What a guy.
What a response by the class.
That's the classiest response of all time.
Because, you know, he's trying to get your business,
but he's just following the social distancing rules.
Achari, before Pauly the Chef responds,
Ekblad's interested.
Here's his number.
Pauly the Chef.
Then Achari catches on.
Pauly the Chef, thanks for spreading the word.
Good luck to you and your wife with the pregnancy.
So Foles then writes, like a good soldier,
chariot texted the Panthers team on a group text with Keith on it, obviously.
Spread the word about it.
Because Noel texted me after.
He goes, hey, is this you?
And I go, yeah, but spread it to the team, but be in on it.
And he was like, okay, done.
And he must have loved the fact that he was now kind of behind the scenes
as opposed to being the guy.
Yeah, for once.
Foley Achari, Foley Achari.
So Foley fills in.
So like a good soldier, Achari texts the Panthers team, blah, blah, blah.
Keith just said that.
Spreading the word.
Ekblad responds first.
So now I text Ekblad, bunch of stars. Pauly the chef
back in business. Hey,
Noel. Hey,
Noel told me you want to come over and cook.
Let me know what night works for you.
Pauly. Ekblad. Hey, Pauly!
Exclamation point.
Let me chat with some of the boys.
I was thinking maybe Thursday or Friday.
Do I need anything or just pick up the food,
groceries, and cook here? Pauly need anything or just pick up the food groceries and cook here paulie the chef you pick up the groceries exclamation point question mark
come on i'm a pro i've been doing this for for years that's like asking you to sharpen your
skates bud what do you want for a menu great line this. It's the first time I'm reading this.
Ekblad, sounds good.
Let's do Friday. Why don't
you throw some options at me, Paulie? And I'll
decide based on that. I'll get you a head
count, too. It's almost like
Ekblad knows and is trying to get Paulie
that into it.
Paulie comes back. Thanks, man. I'll put together
some options. Any vegans in the group?
Ekblad, so far we have 10 people, all teammates. comes back. Thanks, man. I'll put together some options. Any vegans in the group? So far,
we have 10 people, all teammates.
Chef Paulie, love it. Miss the boys.
I'll come up with a menu. Perfect.
How about a little
surf and turf? Steak and lobster tails?
Sounds great.
Maybe your tomato soup, a vegetable
of some kind, and an appetizer, too.
Hey, because I always text Senecki. I'm like, hey, make sure he makes the tomato soup because he makes good tomato soup, a vegetable of some kind, and an appetizer, too. Hey, because I always text Zanucki.
I'm like, hey, make sure he makes the tomato soup because he makes good tomato soup.
I'm like, dude, he's got to make the soup for the boys.
So we text him, Walt, drink some soup.
So, Fultz, Fultz being a professional, he waited 24 hours to respond to him.
Hey, sorry I didn't get back to you sooner.
The steaks are going to be amazing.
I have a friend from culinary school that
works at Burns Steakhouse in Tampa.
Top five in the country.
He's shipping me a few cuts tomorrow.
Eckblad, sounds great, man.
Excited. Stars.
Eckblad goes bananas on the Panthers
group text. Hyping the steaks
being shipped in from Burns.
Dude, he's got a Burns hookup.
It's like, what?
He was fired up for a great meal during this shitbag quarantine.
All right.
So, Chef Paulie, what's your oven set up?
You got a big boy oven, I'm assuming.
Eckblad, I only got one oven and five stove tops.
I'll send pictures later.
He sends them over the pictures.
That'll do.
I'm going to do asparagus and rice, maybe a potato too.
I'll have a pizza dish for an appetizer.
You're going to love it.
Perfect.
I was thinking 6 p.m.
Let me know what the total price looks like.
Also sends him his address right in that one.
So he's in.
You're hook, line, and sinker at this point.
Foles probably knows he's back at this point, so then he's getting
real loose.
Foles, all right, do you want linens? That'd be an
extra 150 box.
150 for linens.
I don't believe we need linens.
You sure?
Yeah, man, we'll take care of you, though.
Roger that. It'll cost 850
without the linens. I'll have a helper with me, too, Miguel'll take care of you, though. Roger that. It'll cost 8.50 without the linens.
I'll have a helper with me, too, Miguel.
He might get there before me.
So the next day is like the day of the event after these texts,
and at 6.30, Chef Paulie, mind you, said he'd be there at 6. He texts Chef Paulie, he's got to get in touch with Ekblad.
Why am I late?
I'll let you know now.
He says, hey, pal, hate to say this, but I got bad
news. Major fuck up on the delivery.
So I got no food to cook.
I was holding out hope to the last second
that the delivery would come through, but it's not
here and it's 630, so I got to cancel
now. Sorry, man. Seriously
or you're joking?
Is Miguel there?
He's got no phone and I didn't get in touch
with him before he left.
So then that was his last text to him.
And then I think, Keith, did you get the video of it?
Yeah, so I videoed him while he got the text from Foles.
And he's like, you guys won't fucking believe this.
You won't fucking believe it.
Paulie's back.
You know what I'm like, dude, it's 6 o'clock.
What are you talking about?
He's like, he canceled.
He canceled.
We got no food.
Panicking, pacing around his house, runs in, tells his girl she's panicking. Everybody that's at the
dinner's in on the joke. So I texted everybody. There was eight couples. And cause you had to
keep it under 10. And he's like, just lose his mind. I have it on video. I'll send you.
Then. So I had one of the guys pick up some food from the country club that I
belong to.
And I put it at the front step and rang the doorbell and ran around and
with a left a note and it said,
Hey,
sent you guys this food.
I was too nervous to cook and Eckie's reading it.
He's like,
what the hell is going on?
Like literally losing.
He like,
his mind was in a pretzel and I'm like what is going on here he was
losing it still like so then what so who breaks the news to him and how long did you keep it going
till after dinner no no no till right then then i'm like nah dude we'll fucking he's like so is
paulie coming i'm like no no the whole thing was a joke. He's like,
what? He's like,
this is like four days of talking to this guy.
I gave him my social security number.
What do you mean, Paulie's not coming?
Just the fact of thinking of being
a host and not having food
for people is a nightmare, too.
I would never want to have not enough food.
Always have way more, and then this guy's
just canceling on them.
Good work.
Foles is back, baby.
Foles is back. With that, we've got to get our group
chat going.
Huge thanks to Keith
D'Ando and Kevin Hayes for joining us for the whole
episode. We know those guys are
pretty bored right now and trying to stay in shape
and do whatever.
So we appreciate them donating their time tonight.
It was a lot of fun.
Peace.
And as always, special thanks to all of our sponsors.
Shout out to Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka,
McCain Potatoes, Bambi, and Hydrogen.
Have a great weekend, everyone.
I try to say goodbye and not show up. Yeah, I try to walk away and Irant. Have a great weekend, everyone.
