Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 257 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka, here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
We're still in quarantine here, boys, but we're still grinding out the shows.
Let's say hi to everybody, make sure everyone's in a chipper mood.
Mikey Grinelli, what's up, pal? How you doing?
I'm doing great, actually. I made a buffalo dip today.
As you guys might know, I have the best buffalo dip.
Also tried to learn a TikTok dance.
That didn't go so well.
So I'm buzzing right now.
Nice.
Fucking young kids, man.
I tell you, TikTok.
This is pathetic.
This is where this is gone.
Of course, that's biz nasty.
Well, I will say, I think your hello, everybody, was about a 6 out of 10.
I thought it landed a little.
Sometimes you do them already, and I fucking,
it's like I took a 10-milligram Cialis,
but today just same old limp dick biz.
I'm doing all right.
It was a relaxing weekend.
I got some good workouts in.
I've been doing lengths of the street right beside me,
up and down,
doing these lengthy body stretches, getting my lats stretched out,
a lot of hamstring.
Then I started doing some lunges, getting my glutes fired up. All in all, very positive weekend.
Still off the booze, although I'm getting very tempted
because I'm stuck inside my small apartment.
Yeah, it'll tempt you.
And last but not least, Ryan Whitney, the wit dog.
How we doing, buddy?
Got a little beard coming in yourself, I see.
Oh, yeah, the gray beard, aging like a dog.
Paul, Kid Rock Annette is nasty.
Why are you rocking the shades?
The ball.
So my girl listens to the podcast,
and she says she's never laughed so hard when you gave it the ball with the ball the ball with so my girl listens to the podcast and and she says she's
never laughed so hard when you gave it the ball with the ball by kid rock it all with the ball
the bang the bang boogie did the bigger but the boogie the bunch no whatever not even close not
but still that's you yeah um i have sunglasses on now because I saw a clip from last episode with Keith and Hazy.
And, uh, I looked high as shit.
I smoked during the podcast.
I think I let it fly a little bit more when I, when I take a little bit of the, the urban,
but I couldn't open my eyes, but I think I get smarter considering it's turning off one
of my sensories.
So essentially my eyes are shut off. but I think I get smarter considering it's turning off one of my sensories.
So essentially my eyes are shut off.
Now I'm able to listen and think better.
So that's my opinion on it. But if we are going to be using these clips,
I don't want people seeing me that high.
So just the way this is all coming together
and the fact that that's why you have glasses on is amazing to me
because they shut down all the Starbucks, right? They're done
everywhere except for the drive-thrus. So you can go through the drive-thru, but the issue is I go
to this one in Dedham, it's close to my house, 10 minutes, no traffic. And there's a 40 car backup,
right? It's like a 40 minute wait. Now the issue is nobody cares. Nobody has anywhere
to go. So everyone's willing to wait. So I listen, I'm getting off topic here. I went again today.
It was 45 cars. I was so pissed. It wasn't 145 cars. I'll take a 300 car backup right now. Listen,
I'll get off of three hours in the car. That'd be incredible. But I went there the other morning.
I'm with riders in the backseat and getting them a blueberry muffin heated up. He devours them. And I'm waiting 20 minutes. I
probably got another 15 minutes to wait. And I see the car in front of me. This dude get out
and starts walking towards me, pointing at me. He's like, wait, wait, wait. I'm like,
holy shit, this kid's a super fan. And i put the window down just about i don't know
enough uh let's say like eight inches he goes to reach his hand i go whoa bro hey elbows too
we're in a pandemic he's like oh sorry he's the nicest guy in the world he's like no i just wanted
to come say hi i was just listening up front in my rearview mirror i saw it was you and i had
actually been dancing to that song, Brilliant,
or whatever it is, by The Weeknd, Brilliant Blinding Lights.
What a song.
And then the next one on Spotify's After Hours, it's incredible as well.
So we're dancing to that.
So he must have seen me dancing.
I was trying to, like, get Ryder to dance.
So this all happens, and he's like, I love the show.
As he's walking away, he says to me, and this ties it all together,
dude, tell Biz not to smoke so much weed.
I said, I go, why don't you tell him?
What do you mean?
He goes, I just think he's sometimes too high.
I said, I don't think that's true at all.
But if you want to tell him, write him a message.
And then you come on and say that you look too high.
So I got to say, maybe you've looked like you could
be blinded by a piece of floss at times, but you never seem too high to me. I feel like you're
always with it. My eyes, I just can't control the eyes. Yeah, neither can I. That's why I've
talked about wearing sunglasses throughout airports a lot and indoors a lot. I've kind
of tried to get away with it, but it's terrible when you look like that. What's your tell? You
kind of get slurred speech a little bit, don't you?
When I'm high?
Yeah?
No.
Fuck no.
I function high, bro.
No, I don't.
People think I'm, every time I do a video or clip,
everyone's like, oh, R.A.'s buckled.
And my friends from home laugh their balls off.
They're like, they think y'all fucked up right now.
I'm like, dude, because they know when I'm really like.
How about this one?
We know when you really.
I'm still in shock at how many people insult R.A.'s clothes.
Like, he gives two shits about what the fuck he's wearing on his body.
I've been hearing it for...
I mean, I was not known as a great dresser when I was a teenager,
so this is just like keeping with the theme of life.
I actually think you look like Ray Charles,
like a young Ray Charles with the sunglasses on.
Wow, what a compliment.
I do have a nice tan going
right now i laid out a little bit yesterday and i got that workout done in the sun now guys uh we
haven't even mentioned our guest yet no i was surprised we got this guy it's incredible all
right i'll let you take it over because i feel like we've had a lot of bees on and you know
there's some rick from fucking red deer ain't happy about that. We got to start getting some, maybe some
current players on who we got a couple in the pipeline
as well. We got confirmations from
hey, knock on wood, let's hope we get them.
Ryan Getzloff said he's coming on.
He's a little busy right now
with his chicken coop.
And then we got Bo Horvat.
So they were having a great year out
in Vancouver. He's got a great
personality and we're going to get these current guys on,
mixed in with some old school guys.
We mentioned we've got Brennan Walsh coming back on.
I think we've probably averaged about 100,000 more listeners
since we originally had him on.
But for you new listeners, if you're looking for some entertainment
during the quarantine, check out Bren Brendan Walsh's first interview.
Grinnell, maybe you could hop in and give them the episode number.
I can't think of it off the top of my head.
But today we got on Cam Neely, and that was a big one.
And I thought he was excellent.
I thought he really elaborated.
He didn't go too much into detail,
but you could tell by his facial reactions,
and you guys will see that when the YouTube video comes out.
You know, you could tell he meant what he said,
and his facial reaction said a lot.
Episode 175, Brandon Walsh came on.
Thank you.
Yeah, Biz, I mean, no secret.
When I say he's my favorite player growing up,
and, you know, there were a lot of great Bruins people,
I say, oh, what about Bob Bjorne?
I've said before, or unfortunately, I was too young to really remember
any of the last year or two that he was here.
But Neely was my favorite, man.
That's why I always wore number eight, whatever,
whatever goofy leagues I played in or whatever.
He was, you know, my hockey idol growing up.
So to get him, you know, when we were in town, I reached out and said,
hey, you know, if we've got a hotel room for two days, we'd love to have Cam.
And then when they come back with a yes, I was like, holy shit, man.
I have your favorite player.
And, Whit, I mean, you brought up a good point.
I don't know if this was after the interview when he left.
You're like, this guy put up a point a game on one leg in his last two years.
And it's such an unfortunate story because this guy had to basically retire
in his prime.
And the mental grind of having to get going for every game
and doing it on one leg was just like it eventually just kind of overcame him.
And he had to retire soon.
Yeah, he had 50 goals in 49 games.
And I believe it was actually 45 games, R.A.
44, actually, yeah.
44, but the NHL pulled some scam to make it 49.
I think he missed games, but it was the 44 games he had played in,
and that was on one, one-and-a-half legs.
I mean, legs.
It was just incredible, and you'll hear when he talks that
and we could see the emotion take over when he talks about, you know,
he had a lot of good hockey left, and we could see the emotion take over when he talks about, you know, he had a lot
of good hockey left and that's what he lost. So just getting into his life and career. And I'll
tell a quick story after the interview and in a little bit, but, um, I think we'll just, we'll
leave it at that, but he was, he was a great guy to get, get, get a hold of and finally get to sit
down with. I had a poster in college, uh, 25 years ago, it was oats, book, and nearly now I've been
lucky enough, fortunate enough to have this job that allowed me to
interview all three of them. So it was a
personal thrill as well as a professional thrill.
So like Whit said, we'll get to
that later. Biz, you just mentioned
Keith and Hazy.
Thursday night's episode, I think it might have been
one of, I don't know what the numbers were, but popularity
wise and the feedback, it's been incredible.
The Tiger fucking King memes that they
made with all of our faces
and the characters and Keith as Carol.
I mean, you know, it just kind of fed the meme machine more than anything else.
But it was a great show.
It's funny when you said it did not surprise you that Keith backed up Carol.
Not one bit.
No, I could have told you that.
I could have told you that the minute I saw Carol appear on that show.
What's crazy about Keith to me is how opinionated he is,
but he likes the trashiest shit.
He watches The 16 and Pregnance, The Keeping Up with the Kardashians.
I recommend Bo Burnham, his second Netflix special.
I believe Grinnelli's a big fan as well.
I had some people tell me, that was so wonderful.
Thank you for introducing me to that.
And then other people who were on key sides who were like swearing at me on Twitter.
But his, yeah, his opinions of the things that I enjoy and how hard he is on me.
What was the one thing he was giving it to me last episode for about?
The one?
I think it was about five or six.
Yeah, yeah.
He was on me pretty good he was
he got me with the fucking tattoo line he always gets me with the scarecrow tattoo that was the
i'm so mad that i didn't even pick up where he was going with that i he's comedic the timing
it's timing is everything and and biz you you got you were getting you were getting rattled at hazy
but he did leave out a
very key part of that story and that there was there was a fire going on inside carter hart's
apartment yes so hazy hazy's a bit of a space cadet and that's why we love him and and there's
a couple people who were like oh they well they chirped me about being too high to not get keeps
one-liners that he slides in constantly guys if I acknowledge every single
one of them it would have been a four-hour podcast it's non-stop this would happen in the locker room
this guy would abuse me non-stop he Keith Yandel's a bully I would put him and Mal if him and Malkin
were in the same locker room together it would be there might be a fistfight because there's too
much dominance there it'd be like the Tiger King all over again.
It was hilarious.
I think I might have been the only one who caught it
when they mentioned the Florida goalie Chris Drieger
and he called him Darren Drieger.
I don't know if that's the nickname for him in the locker room.
Oh, that's definitely the nickname.
We kind of looked at each other.
It was pretty funny when he dropped that.
I want to ask you, man, what have you been doing for your golf fix lately?
I know there's been a couple of journeys on, but is golf
No, there's nothing on.
There's nothing.
It's all sports.
They closed the courses too before you could play.
And then whatever the shutdown in Massachusetts is,
they included golf courses in that, non-essential.
So I drove to Rhode Island, played a course there.
They're still open.
I don't know how long that's going to last,
but there is not much going on in terms of golf.
I would think that golf would be the one social acceptable sport.
I would say go off in pairs.
This is what they did in Rhode Island, Newport National.
It's like a really nice course, and it's public.
So you pay online online and then you
show up and then you so there's you don't go inside at all and then you know you're walking
around and four people stay away from each other oh you the ball like gets kept up like there's
the it drops in there's way worse going on in nyc on an nyc sidewalk yeah i just i don't know in terms
of getting outside getting exercise which leads to mental health that we've always talked about
and being a little more at peace with kind of this crazy time everyone's living in i would think and
assume that golf would be a pretty good sport to be able to do all that but they've decided what
they're decided you they've decided.
You play it more safe than sorry.
It certainly is making it, the days go by way slower.
Another episode reminder, thank you to all your healthcare workers.
You know, a shout out to the people who are in the food industry and beverage industry who are still suffering from all this.
I think that hopefully soon we're going to get a number
where we're going to get out on this.
Some of you are adjusting really well.
Some of you are taking it a lot more harder than others.
You know, that's, I guess, you know,
for those of you who aren't taking it very well,
keep plugging away, keep trying to find ways
that can take your mind off of what's going on,
and we wish you well.
And shout out
to all the custodians out there too biz that was my former line of work and there's still messes
being made that still need to be cleaned up and uh you know they're kind of silently silently
behind the scenes cleaning up all the messes made out there so uh that's another tough job that
people aren't getting laid off fucking rights all right shout out to the janitors absolutely
i know we were just talking about golf we don don't know when the next Sandbagger Invitational is going to be,
but we do know it's going to be brought to you by our buddy at Boyke's.
That's B-O-I-K-E-Y-S.
Boyke's makes the most delicious air-dried beef called biltong.
Think of a healthier version of jerky with 30 more protein.
Boyke's biltong is often compared to a tender and flavorful slice of high-end
prosciutto with ingredients that you can pronounce like red wine vinegar,
toasted coriander, rosemary, and salt and pepper.
Boyke's Biltong is a snack you can count on to fill you up and not bring you down.
Made in the U.S. with USDA bottom round beef,
Boyke's takes pride in making the most portable, high-protein power snack.
Think of each two-ounce package as a perfectly seasoned five-ounce steak.
The only preservatives they use are vinegar and salt,
and compared to most jerky,
Biltong contains half the sodium and zero sugar.
You can buy Boyke's Biltong on their website
at www.boikeys.com and Amazon as well.
Use the code BIZ20 at checkout
for 20 off your first order.
Also, follow them on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter at EatBoikies,
B-O-I-K-E-Y-S.
And, of course, that's our buddy, Timmy Stapleton,
who's a good friend of the program.
He's behind this company.
And we can all vouch for the  well, I know it's built on,
not technically jerky.
We can all vouch for the flavor.
It's unreal.
He always hooks us up with boxes whenever we're on the road know you done me about 15 boxes i have about 100 100 bags
of it in my cupboard right now i love this stuff boikies i call it boikies i told him i said if you
say it like that more people are going to remember it um it's it's delicious uh speaking of uh we
talked about the sandbagger i did that video in front of that one.
They are one of the companies that have stepped up and who are going to donate 10,000 to the ECHL Player Relief Fund.
So big thank you to Boykies for doing that.
Boykies.
Hey, I got a bunch of people reach out to me asking how they can donate.
And I got to throw it over to G because that page on our site is being set up
where there will be a GoFundMe for them.
I believe, G, you can take it away.
Yeah, so on Tuesday, we will launch the ECHL Players Relief Fund
on barstoolsports.com where you can go.
Anyone out there can go and donate if they want to help.
And it's going to not only the players, but it's the coaches, the staff.
It's going to everyone involved with the ECHL
because a lot of people work behind the scenes to make that league happen.
Tons of people.
Thank you to the people at Barstool. Adam Lub is what's ryan's last name mcdermott ryan mcdermott
the sales team for like stepping up and and getting all these brands on board i think we're
going to fill up all six slots and and we're going to get some money raised for these players i had a
conference call with larry landon and a bunch of the player reps and just let them know hey we're
you know we're thinking of you guys and i know what some of the player reps and just let them know, hey, we're thinking
of you guys. And I know what some of the grind that you guys are going through right now, but
we're going to try to get you every dime that you were promised to finish out that year.
The goal is 100K. So we're going to set the goal on the website at 100K. So again,
we're asking all the listeners out there to help us get there.
All righty. Love it. Thank you, G. All right, back over to you.
Yeah. While we're talking about that, Biz,
I got a very heartfelt DM from a fellow.
I didn't ask to use his name, so I won't use his name in case he didn't want to.
A very, very emotional, heartfelt note about, you know,
what we're doing and how thankful he was.
And, you know, I know people here are pro hockey,
and these guys, yeah, they're pro hockey players,
but some of these guys are making, you know,
clearing a few hundred dollars a week after taxes and this, that,
the other thing. And, you know, they a few hundred dollars a week after taxes and this, that, the other thing.
And, you know, they're busting their balls, chasing a dream.
And obviously, you know,
because you have an emotional connection to them.
So, you know, we're not subsidizing fancy lifestyles here.
This guy's, you know, needs to pay his bills.
He's got, you know, they got wives and kids and it's not a huge salary.
Yeah.
Please don't speak on it if you don't know what the fuck you're talking
about.
I think some of these guys are making like 16, grand a season and you know they if they have a family and some of these guys are
young guys chasing their dream and that's what we decided that we're going to help out and then
once we're done and we raise enough for them if this is still going we're going to try to shift
the focus i mean we did the bartender thing too right yeah how many how many shirts have we sold
we've sold almost 4 000 shirts right now actually we've sold a little over 4,000.
What?
Yeah, I thought it was 4,500.
That's what I thought.
Shout out to you guys buying them.
Good job, G.
Yeah, thank you to the fans, of course.
You guys are the ones moving the needle.
So what else we got?
All right, a couple of notes about you know what.
We'll get them out of the way.
A second Avalanche player did test positive,
as did a pair of NHL broadcasters.
We don't know the player's name, nor are we looking for it,
but the Blues play-by-play man, John Kelly,
and Sens radio analyst, Gord Wilson,
each did acknowledge they tested positive.
The Blues did say in a statement that Kelly was, quote,
now feeling strong and symptom-free.
And NBA analyst, the great Doris Burke,
if you watch the NBA, you know who she is.
Yeah, she tested positive as well.
So, you know, we here at Chicklets, we want to send our best wishes out to everyone to get healthy.
It sounds like John's feeling pretty healthy right now.
But anybody else who might be dealing with this that's listening or has a family member, you know, we wish everybody the best of health.
But, of course, Doris, she's a great analyst.
So I don't know if she listens, but pass along to Doris anybody who knows what we're wishing her.
Yeah, she's a G.
So as far as I know, we just need as many tests as possible.
The more people we could test, the quicker that we could figure this all out, right?
Is that a fact in all of this?
It's one part of it.
I mean, if more tests would obviously help,
we're woefully behind in test availability.
But that's not going to eradicate it. I think the problem is
did you see that graph the other day on
the blog that Hubs wrote?
They track cell phones.
Random idiot people can track your cell phone.
It's fucking insane. It's like enemy
of the state ship. But anyways, this guy tracked all
the cell phones that were in Florida that week
and you could see them all right on the beach and then
where everybody went after and everybody
just spreads out all over.
Now, of course, not everybody had it, but they were exposed to it.
And then they take it back to where they go.
And it's like a giant game of whack-a-mole.
Remember when you go to the carnival, you play that whack-a-mole game,
and you're constantly hitting a mole?
That's what it's like now.
There's just moles popping up everywhere, and you can't keep up.
Oh, yeah.
It was a crazy graph to look at how it's
I used to hit every single one of them.
Of course. Of course. It's like crazy graph to look at. I used to hit every single one of them. Of course.
Of course.
You thought you'd whack them all.
At the end, people used to say how fast it was going.
It would slow down for me almost in my head.
I never didn't go bing, bing, bing, boom, boom.
It was crazy.
I know I sound like I'm making this up.
Did you tally up the points at the same time?
Two, four, six, seven, eight.
No, I was getting that.
What other silly games are you good at?
I mean, it's kind of like your playing ability.
You were a guy who was good with the puck.
The game slowed down to you.
To me, it was like it was going a million miles an hour
when it was on my stick.
So what other little games are you good at
as a result of you being in the matrix
and able to slow things down?
Hmm.
You good at skee-ball, Witt?
I see you being a good skee-ball guy.
Skee-ball, I'm pretty good,
but I got the long-ass reach,
and I'll get a little cheating going there
when you can kind of get your wrist a little further than you're supposed
to because I get a quick action.
I fancy myself a pretty solid
ping pong player.
I'm a good shuffleboard player.
Oh, I love shuffleboard.
Oh, really?
I've played shuffleboard, but
not a ton.
I'll fucking kill it. I might be shuffleboard, but not a ton. Not a ton.
Bubble hockey, I'll fucking kill it.
I might be the best bubble hockey player in the universe.
Really?
I remember you lost 1-0 down that Lower East Side one.
Yeah, to you.
Okay, time out.
Time out.
First of all.
You're not even the best guy in the podcast.
Time out.
Let me back this up.
You guys can go watch the video, too.
I scored a goal where it hit the back of the plastic,
but it didn't go down the hole.
That's a fact.
So I would have won 1-0.
And if Grinelli was there videoing the thing,
I think I had the puck on my stick 95 of that game.
It was a bloodbath.
And I take  in a seven-game series, it's a 4-1 win.
And, R.A., when we're out of this thing, it is on, buddy.
I don't know where we're going to find a legit bubble hockey machine,
but, bro, it is on.
My buddy, Mark, he lives a little north of the city.
He's got an awesome setup.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not trusting Max fucking bubble hockey.
I know you guys.
No shit.
It's probably slanted down going one direction.
He puts Corona on your side of it.
I'm not going to Max's house.
No, it's not. Dude, it's unreal. He's got it your side of it. I'm not going to Max's house to play. No, it's not.
Dude, it's unreal. He's got it set up like it's
Canadians brewing, so he has all the banners hanging
above it. It looks like the Forum of the Garden
from back in the day. It's probably the coolest
set up. So next time you're in town, we got a place
we can go and play Unlimited, Biz.
Should we throw it over to Cam Neely?
No, no. No, we got a couple more.
How did you
see my tweet this morning about... I'll go fuck myself How did you see my tweet this morning about I'll go fuck myself.
My tweet this morning about eating healthy.
I've been eating so healthy.
Okay.
So I actually tweeted out if you eat one thing like healthy today,
it was a rainy Sunday.
You can't do anything.
If you eat healthy today, you know, God bless you.
I said, I think that's why I made buff dip.
So exactly.
So I'm just eating like a sewer rat.
It's carbs.
I've mentioned before I'm eating like trash.
How are you eating healthy right now?
I think maybe being in the weather you're in probably helps.
I will say, and this is not to rub it in,
I think Arizona might be the best place in North America
to be right now during what's happening
because I'm able to go outside.
It's sunny most days.
I can go for my walks.
You were going for walks at 1230 at night.
Well, during the weekend here,
I treated myself and I went out during the day.
I would stay away from people.
If someone was coming on the sidewalk,
I would walk on the road.
But I was going all the way up and down and getting sun and i just when i go to the grocery store i
don't even tempt myself i don't get much uh i don't get any stuff that's in like boxes and stuff
it's all like fruits veggies meat like good shit i but i am that just wouldn't do i'm a mental
midget right now in in this situation my anxiety has been extremely high, so I need to do everything possible
in order to keep myself somewhat sane.
I think people need to limit themselves to watching the news one day a week.
The worst you could do is put the TV on.
No, like one day a week you should watch the news.
Okay, so me and my girl, though, I got to ask you about this one, Whit.
She was talking.
She listens to this other podcast called Your Mom's House and it's Tom Segura and Christina P.
Okay. I believe they're married and there's another guy who hops in from time to time.
Very popular podcast. Like they get massive numbers. So they played a game on it called
Deal Breakers. And my girl was telling me about it. And I kind of wanted to ask you specifically because you're married. Whereas if maybe your wife picked this up from here moving forward, because basically you're looking at your dream girl, which you found yours. But all of a sudden, they develop something where you maybe couldn't get over. Okay, so I'm going to throw a few of these these at you and this these came up on their podcast
what if all of a sudden she needed a soother like a pacifier in her mouth and her blankie to go to
sleep every night don't give a fuck which is fair that's what i said i said i'd be more worried about
that person coming over the 50 50 line like my does that now. She comes over to like my side to call it.
No, that's why I have a California king times like seven.
You cannot  you're 40 yards.
It's a Brady, Tom Brady dart away from each other in bed.
What?
But do you agree with me on when if they ever come over half,
you're like like what are you
doing like i'll meet you at half to snuggle but don't come on to my half as a and they and they're
usually they're smaller unless you're you're sleeping with you know a beast more just more
to love wit and biz okay so here's the next one let's go to the next one all all of a sudden she
does uh has this like hardcore desire for for CrossFit and she's hanging out
with the CrossFit crowd and
all she talks about is CrossFit
I certainly wouldn't
love it but if
she didn't talk about it all the time
I wouldn't care but if you start
talking to me about it all the time
I don't talk about golf with her i would stop soul cycle just like that's your that's your thing
awesome but don't don't bring me into it if you know i have no desire it could potentially be a
deal breaker yeah but that's certainly better than if she decided to join an eating club
and put on 40 pounds i mean at least that's something where she's like working out and staying healthy.
Okay.
We might have to cut that.
Um,
okay.
No,
no.
All right.
All right.
Um,
number three,
all of a sudden she listens to hardcore country music all the time.
Country music's always on.
She wants control in the car,
country music,
country music.
Could live with that too.
No problem.
Okay.
Wow. All right. All right. Are you following along here? Do you, I was going to say, I music, country music. Could live with that too. No problem. Okay. Wow.
R.A., are you following along here?
Yeah.
I was going to say, I'm married too.
I'll play along.
Okay.
Yeah.
I got a pretty high tolerance, and I'm no fucking day at the beach sometimes either.
So it's like, all right, when am I going to eliminate someone from a list because they
do this?
But I got my deficiencies as well, but none of those none of those would really be like a deal breaker for me.
I don't think.
Uh,
what a bit,
what if she's extremely rude to waiters and waitresses?
That's a,
that's a deal breaker.
That's yeah.
Unless it was like a deal breaker,
unless there was a situation where very few situations called a really demean
somebody in that situation.
But yeah,
I was on a date.
He was a,
a,
a fucking,
an asshole to the way to
fucking sign i can i can see uh wits wheel turn right now no no no no no i wouldn't wait that's
that's not that's not a classy move you can't be doing that all right can't be doing that
and if you ever did you just got to leave a monster tip. Yeah, and still finish the date biz.
You're still going to try to cash in at the end of the night.
Okay, what about this one?
She eats like a child, like chicken nuggets in the
Oh, yeah, like French fries all the time.
Yeah, just complete
That's an absolute see you later.
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, because it's funny too because you don't want to say nothing because you don't know. I mean, I,
I it's cause it's funny too.
Cause you don't want to say none.
Cause you don't want to ever look like you're trying to like bring up a
weight or something.
That's just the issue you never talk about.
Uh,
so you don't want to be like,
Oh,
don't eat that.
Cause then it can be mis,
misconstrued.
Oh,
just like the junk all the time.
Like just eats like a kid.
To me,
that's a deal breaker.
Cause like,
that's like,
that's health issues down the road.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It would,
it would probably be a conversation before a deal breaker i guess but that'd be a touchy
conversation too you know because fucking i'm not fucking conan the barbarian myself over she has to
take what all you go to brunch and everyone gets like you know omelet or something she gets chocolate
chip pancakes with shirley temple mini mms okay what about this one and a belgian waffle
belgium whatever it is i have extra cherries in my shirley temple that app on the way home
she said can we go to dairy queen you're like whoa okay hold on what if all of a sudden she
doesn't want to shave her her legs and armpits done done done done well i mean i'm sure most women listening
right now probably haven't done that recently given the situation but under normal circumstances
yeah i don't want to be dating sasquatch over here okay i don't think that married women are still
like taking care of their bodies well no i was just saying if it would have been a deal breaker
or not it's so our agent said he doesn't think anyone's keeping up with that well no right now many tweets about people being like there it's it's it's carnage yeah like i mean
the hairiest the population's been since the 70s not that that's a fact yeah not that kate speaks
for all women but bostil kate who's on zero block 30 who's absolutely fucking hilarious she she's
been making like jokes about it all along like has like when you know the stocks are going up
and she has like pubes written underneath instead of socks like you know so i'm sure there's plenty
of people out there just not bothering with that elements of the personal hygiene i guess if you
want to call it i've been keeping up that's like the one yeah you're the you're the asshole eating
pineapple and strawberries all day when i'm having keen and mms and mr good bars i'm doing that
are they good is it mr good bar am i thinking
of that's a candy bar yeah that's great guys don't think i'm being a hard-o i'm doing that
for my mental state that's what i'm doing why would a why would a burger and fries like mess
with your mental game i just i don't know dude leave. Leave me alone. Next subject. Fair question.
Looking for some conversation.
I've been sitting in my basement.
I don't like the guilt associated to putting a lot of shit in my body,
especially when I'm not out and about
and when there's no reason why I can't be eating healthy.
That's all.
That's all.
I know.
Call me a hard-on.
Call me a nerd.
No, dude.
That's good for you, buddy.
I'm happy for you.
Thanks, man. All right. We've got a few more notes here before we throw it over to number eight, Cam Neely. a hard-on call me a nerd no that's good for you buddy i'm happy thanks bro thanks man all right
we got a few more notes here before we throw it over to number eight cam nearly uh i like to think
of these as silver linings uh under under the circumstances uh we mentioned last episode that
the uh bauer took a great lead in helping out the medical community by having some uh shields done
up face shields done up well what they did is they made all of their design and supply info public
because they sold out of everything.
They ran through their supply.
So they made all the design and supply info public so that other companies
now have no excuse not to follow suit to do what Bauer did.
So basically they can order the same materials, do the same thing,
and help the situation like Bauer has.
So, again, we want to give Bauer props for that as well.
We also want to shout out Brian's Custom Sports as well.
Brian's, of course, gears up goalies,
and now they're going to be gearing up doctors and nurses,
utilizing their sewing machines to make some gowns and some other devices
and items to help out their local medical community as well.
So these are two companies, both in Canada.
I'm sure that's not a coincidence.
They've really taken the lead, and and that kind of setting an example and hopefully some other,
other companies follow and do the same thing, huh, Biz?
Yeah. And in Vancouver, actually,
just to add onto the healthcare situation at 7 PM,
I believe it's every night and I think it's all big cities across Canada.
They're getting out on their porches, their balconies or whatever,
and they're,
they're banging their pots and pans in order to say thank you to all the healthcare workers out there
working their bags off during this difficult time. Because some of these people, they're just
running nonstop. It's like they aren't getting any personal time. They get to sleep and then
it's right back to work. So let's slow this sucker down and get these people back to living normal again.
Absolutely.
No doubt about that.
I just mentioned Canada regarding Bao.
I know the headquarters is in Exeter, New Hampshire, but I guess I was referring to
the factories that are doing it both in Canada.
So I know companies in the U.S. are helping out as well.
And Biz, you just mentioned hospital workers.
We've got to give a shout out to Montreal Canadian Jeff Petrie and his wife, Julie.
They did a really nice gesture.
They opened up a couple of tabs at local restaurants so that hospital workers can go in and get something to eat
and just show their ID and have it taken care of from Jeff and Julie Petrie.
So that was really nice.
Another thing we caught.
Great guy.
There we go.
2011 Stanley Cup winner, Thomas Caball.
He's been delivering food for his wife's restaurant.
So imagine being in Toronto, ordering up, and Caball. He's been delivering food for his wife's restaurant. So imagine being in Toronto ordering up and Caball comes out
and delivers your food.
I hope he's wearing a Stanley Cup ring because that would be
the ultimate troll job.
Like, hey, here's your food.
Hold up the bag.
And he's got his big fucking Bruins Stanley Cup fucking ring.
That would be kind of a ball-busted thing.
Hey, remember when the Bruins got him, the fans wanted him so bad
and then they despised him the whole time?
Yeah.
People still hate Caball. We've talked about it so bad, and then they despised him the whole time. Yeah. People still hate Cabral.
We've talked about it many times, and I'm convinced it's because he went
from playing 30 minutes a night in Toronto to all of a sudden he was
playing 18 minutes, which feels like 10 minutes when you've been playing
30 your whole career.
And it fucked him up.
And then when the Boston crowd gets on, you know.
And then they won it in spite of him that the haters would say.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Also, what else we got?
Oh, yeah. Shout out to Kim's Puppets
Fantasy Hockey. They tagged me.
They donated their winnings.
I think it was a few hundred dollars. They donated it to a local
hospital. I had mentioned last episode or
two episodes ago that another listener
said, hey, if people aren't going to be rewarding
their fantasy money, donate it somewhere. So kudos to these guys and gals for doing it. That's what they did.
They put the money where their mouth is literally. So if anyone else wants to do it, help out,
whatever it is, whoever's being affected by this and you got some fantasy money that's just going
to go nowhere anyways, instead of getting a drunk on maybe at the end of the year, give it to
somebody who could use a little bit more. So yeah, just like I said,
a couple of positive stories and all this I wanted to pass along,
but I think we should send it over to wham, bam, thank you, Cam,
right about now.
And without further ado, Cam Naley.
Well, our next guest is one of the most dominant forwards of the 80s and 90s,
so much so that his players credited it with giving us the phrase power forward.
I don't think we ever heard it before.
This guy played.
Also, post from my wall when I was a kid, one of my favorite players growing up.
He was the second fastest player to ever score 50 goals in a season after Wayne Gretzky.
Played in five All-Star games.
He won the Masters and Trophy back in 94.
And he capped things off with a Stanley Cup as team president of the Boston Bruins back
in 2011.
It's my absolute pleasure to welcome Cam Neely to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Thank you. Pleasure to be here.
Hell of an intro right there.
Damn all right.
So funny.
Can't butcher this one.
No, no, you can't. That's your guy.
Funny enough, there's so much to talk to you about your career and what you did as a player,
but I just want to instead focus on we're going to go over every single move ever made by the Bruins since you took over as president.
Are you ready for this interview?
Start right from the top.
And we're actually going to grade them as well.
And then we're going to see if it's a fair grade judged, of course, by you.
That's a lot on the plate right there.
We hope you don't have anything scheduled for this afternoon.
The game's in five hours, so we should be good.
But we talk to guys a lot of times, chronological order,
and going how you got into the game and your beginning
and kind of what made you fall in love with hockey.
Well, I was born on Vancouver Island.
Six months later, my dad was transferred to a base just outside of
he was in the Air Force and transferred to a base just outside of Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan.
So not much to do in the winter there other than skate.
So I was on skates pretty early and just fell in love with the game.
And then in 76, he retired and moved back to British Columbia
just outside of Vancouver, and I continued to play hockey.
And I started getting invitations into Western Hockey League training camps.
I didn't even really know much about what was going on,
but I just said, yeah, I'll go try out.
Then at 17, I went to Portland.
Winter Hawks made their team.
We won the Memorial Cup, and that following September,
I got drafted ninth overall.
Again, during that whole year, I didn't even really know much
about the draft and what was going on.
Come on.
Swear to God.
Didn't even really know much about the draft and what was going on.
Come on.
Swear to God.
And it was funny.
When I went to Victoria Cougars training camp at 16,
and I was one of the last cuts, the coach calls me in and says,
what are you going to do?
And I'm like, well, I don't know.
I guess I'll go back home and play hockey at Maple Ridge.
So that December, we played in a midget hockey tournament in Portland, Oregon,
and their head scout came to a bunch of games and invited me and this defenseman on our team to practice with the Winterhawks.
And I'm like, I don't think I can practice with them.
I think I'm property of Victoria.
Like, no, no, they dropped you off the list.
You're on no one's list now, so you can come.
You're like, wait, pardon?
Yeah, exactly.
So they don't get a little check in the mail,
hey, thanks for the prospect.
Whoopsie-daisy.
Yeah, I thought I had a chance with that club.
Ken, we hear a lot of players say that they modeled the game after you
when they were growing up.
Who did you model your game after when you were playing, if anyone?
Well, I followed the Leafs a lot when we were in Saskatchewan,
so it was either Leafs or Canadians, and I went with the Leafs.
That helped, actually, when I got to Boston with the rivalry.
You already hated them.
Exactly.
I really liked watching Daryl Sittler play,
and then when we moved back to British Columbia,
I started following the Canucks.
It's my favorite team, and then it was really Stan Smeal.
I just liked the way he played and how hard he worked.
When did the fight become pati a repertoire, and did you like it?
Probably about four or five years old.
You could ask my brother.
He took my mac and cheese.
He was dubbing someone.
I loved it.
I just, you know, I've got a short fuse, So, you know, when I snap, I just snap.
Does that transfer into your everyday life now?
I would consider myself to have a short fuse.
And sometimes I catch myself being like, yo, chill out, man.
Like, holy shit.
Yeah, that's what the kids say to me.
Chill out, dad.
Relax.
It's, you know, it has waned a little bit But it's still there unfortunately
But that's part of the reason why
It was successful
So I guess that's why you got the Seabass character
That was actually you just being you
There was not much acting there
Now that you brought it up already
What was the genesis of all that?
How did that all start?
Were you friends with the directors?
The Farrelly brothers?
Yeah so through a mutual friend of mine Who was really close and still close with peter
farelli they went to college together and um so i i met the farelli brothers uh they're huge
sports fans of boston teams and they'd come to games and um so they just said listen we're doing
this movie we we got this character we think you can play.
And so when we played out in LA that, uh, before the movie was shot, they had me come
to the apartment and read the lines and like, oh yeah, you'd be great.
So then all of a sudden Jim Carrey gets on board and this is right after Ace Ventura
came out.
So I'm like, I call him up.
I go, listen guys, you sure you want me in this thing?
It's getting to be a bigger movie.
Like, no, no, you'll be fine.
There's one really good story out of that shooting.
So the bathroom scene at the gas station
where I kicked the bathroom door open.
So you have the stall walls and the door,
and then where the back wall and the toilet would be
is the camera set up and the director
and the guy you
know filming and then jim carrey was sitting on a milk crate in the corner so i kicked the door
open and i'm supposed to have this surprised look on my face and they cut cam can you get a little
bit more you know of a shocked look on your face i I'm like, yeah, okay. Second take, third take, fourth take.
Now I'm freaking out.
Oh, now your real temper's coming up.
Well, I'm like, I got Jim Carrey sitting on a milk crate,
and he's making 10 million or whatever the hell he's doing for that movie,
and I'm like wasting everybody's time.
So I pull Jim aside.
I go, listen, Jim.
I said, please just bear with me.
I'm really struggling here.
He goes, ah, Cam, don't worry about it.
I've had some scenes that have taken 50 takes.
Just relax.
Next take, I kick the door open.
He's mooning me. So they got the
shot.
That's unreal.
So he was obviously an awesome guy to work with.
Yeah, he was very cool. And Jeff Daniels, too.
Really cool guy. He's actually a huge Red Wing
fan, so he was very cool.
You're also Monument Ave, too.
Your buddy Dennis Leary's moving as well.
You played,
you were the stunned yuppie
who had a,
what,
someone broke into the house, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Again, just, you know,
asked if I wanted to be in it.
I thought it'd be fun, so.
Anytime I've tried to,
tried to go get an acting spot,
I never worked out,
but so everything I was in,
I was asked. So were you passionate about it? Not really. You know, I was worked out. So everything I was in, I was asked.
So were you passionate about it?
Not really.
You know, as we all are, right after we're done playing,
we're trying to figure out what the hell we're doing.
Yeah.
So I'm like, well, let me try this.
I've been in a few things, but it's not my cup of tea.
I'm not an actor.
This guy's a professional.
I can't do it either.
Oh, yeah.
No, you guys, your commercial was great.
Yeah, he wrote the whole thing.
No, I didn't.
Yes, he did.
He pretty much did.
Maybe we'll get you in the next one, Ken.
You know, come up and maybe smash up.
Just don't have me audition for it because I won't make it.
No, no.
Exactly.
We'll have to invite you.
So I want to just go back because you come on the scene.
You say you don't know much what's going on.
You light up Portland.
Next year you're in the NHL.
And you're in the NHL.
And you're in Vancouver for three years.
Biz actually was surprised in that not a ton of people know that you were even in Vancouver first.
I mean, so many, I think, fans out there just think he was a Boston Bruin.
So what was the experience like when you got there and kind of did you know right away maybe this isn't the place for me?
Well, you know what it's like when you just get in, right?
You're happy to be there and like, okay, how do I stay here?
And, you know, at the time, Vancouver was always struggling. You know, they actually went to the finals the year before I got there
and lost to the Islanders.
And they had Tony Tanti and Stan Smeal on the right side,
so I was automatically either going to be a third or fourth line right winger when i first got there um and then my third year i actually played i think
you know i played less games but i think i probably played more minutes in my rookie year than my
third year the coach uh wasn't really fond of me in my third year so i remember one game i suited
up as fourth line center i'm like okay, okay, things aren't going well here.
This could be ending soon.
So and then I got a surprise phone call.
Actually, my sister, on my birthday in June, I was working out with some buddies.
And this is, you know, obviously before cell phones and whatnot.
And so my sister gets a hold of me at the club I was working out at,
and she says, the GM is looking for you.
You've been traded.
So my sister told me I was traded.
So I call the GM, and he goes, yeah, we traded you to Boston.
So now I'm like, oh, my God, I barely could play for the Canucks.
How am I going to play for the Bruins?
But it just worked out.
Wow, so it wasn't an example of like,
I just got to get somewhere else.
I'm going to light it up.
It was more you even worried maybe I can't make it in this league.
Well, yeah, because I was like, you know,
I was playing limited minutes in Vancouver,
and my confidence was shot.
Yep.
And I'm going to Boston, which was a better team,
had better players, better record.
And I'm like, how the hell am I going to play here?
Do you believe that you'd been given a fair shake at all in Vancouver
or even in the early going when you were,
you just hadn't developed to what eventually you became?
Yeah, I think it's probably a little bit of a lesson
in understanding players' development curves.
With the position I'm in now, it's like, you know, you could say,
well, you know, I would say, they would say, well, you're a young player,
young player.
I'm like, well, but it's my third year in the league.
You know, don't just say I'm a young player.
Like, you know, the whole development process probably wasn't as good back then
as it should be for younger players to say, okay, here's what we need to work on.
Come on out here and we're need to work on come on out
here and we're going to work on the details not just you know now now there's so much more
communication there's all the video and and things that you can help try to develop these players
but back then it was like you make a mistake it's like you're on yeah yeah that's crazy do you think
me i haven't checked the numbers you think that that's maybe why you look back on some moves and trades
and you're like, what, they gave them up for nothing?
It's just because people just gave up way too easy,
more so than nowadays because you have so many scouts
and there's so much technology around it?
Probably a little bit of that and the fact that, you know,
depending on the organization and where the team's at,
maybe someone's saying,
hey, we need someone that's got a little bit more experience.
We don't have the time to develop.
We can get something for this player.
And then all of a sudden the player starts developing and takes off.
So when you became a Boston Bruin and that trade went down,
maybe your offensive numbers weren't what you hoped they were,
but Bruins fans must have seen your style of play
and just loved you immediately.
Yeah, I was, you know, right away, especially the old garden, right?
I mean, perfect size for me.
You're just in that.
Yeah, I mean, you know, so I think just the way I played
and the physicality part of it, you know, the fans embraced me,
and then, you know, I ended up starting to score, which I did as, you know,
growing up my whole life I was able to score.
But I think, you know, the fact that that building was kind of suited me
and my style certainly helped.
Because they took a ninth overall, it must have felt like they're kind of
actually quitting on you.
Did that light a fire under your ass when you got to Boston a little bit?
Well, it's just the fact that you're like, okay, where's my career going?
Yeah.
You know, and I got an opportunity right away when I first got here.
They put me with the better players, and they were like, okay,
let's see what this kid can do.
Who was that that year you played with mostly?
I played with Rick Middleton a lot that year.
Charlie Simmer a bit, too.
He was on his way out, but just a bit with Charlie Simmer as well.
So they gave me some opportunity on power play and things like that.
I look at your first year as a Bruin.
Ray Bork led the team in scoring 95 points.
But as I look up and down the lineup, you played Mike Milbury that season.
Yeah.
You must have some funny stories about that guy.
Well, he also coached me.
And I think, to be honest with you,
he was probably the best coach I had.
I thought he really had a really good pulse of the team
and the players and the personalities.
But I remember one time at training camp, I didn't know anybody,
so I didn't really have the, oh, I can't do this or shouldn't do this.
I just ran him over one time in training camp.
Hey, the train's coming.
Who were, like, the older guys that take you under their wing,
or were you kind of just, you know, you did your own thing?
Well, you know, the one thing about the original six franchises you know there's so much history there and so
many great players that played and and uh you guys were talking about earlier before we started
about Derek Sands he was doing color at the time I got here um you'd see Bobby Orr come in and out
John Busick worked for the team he still works for the team and then you know from a player's
perspective obviously Ray Bork you know these guys for the team. And then, you know, from a player's perspective, obviously Ray Bork.
You know, these guys would help make you feel comfortable.
You know, Reggie Lemelin, older goalie, been around a while,
had a lot of experience.
So, again, I mentioned Rick Middleton.
He was great.
Gordy Kluzak, he was a little older than me,
but, you know, he'd been in Boston since he's been 18.
Jeff Cortnall, I didn't know him.
I played against him, but didn't know him.
And he was the guy that picked me up at the airport when I got here.
Did Ashton at one point, is it true he told you to stop fighting?
And if so, did it piss you off that you couldn't?
No, Milbury actually told me that for me to pick my spots,
not have guys decide when I'm going to fight.
Right.
Which was difficult because, you know, it's hard to turn down.
They're questioning your manhood.
You know what I mean?
That's what they're doing.
But it was more they wanted me on the ice more, not in the box.
So I got it from that perspective.
But  and the other thing was, like, you know, where I
I felt like when I did my best fighting
was when I was the one that started it, I was pissed off.
I could never really fight very well.
I don't know how you do it when you're not upset.
I mean, that didn't work well for me.
Yeah, the wires had to cross.
Who was the one guy who could get on your skin the most?
And you're like, every game, you're're like this fucker's coming after you.
Well two guys and they
didn't really want to fight. He pulls out a
piece of paper and the list drops. Samuelson and
Claude Lemieux. All Samuelson
and Claude Lemieux. I mean it's
you know there's enough
stories out there about the battles
I've had with those two guys.
Yeah. Were you familiar
with the Boston-Montreal heated like, heated rivalry when you got here?
Yeah, very much so.
And you had a huge part in undoing it, too.
Well, I loved playing them.
I really did.
And I love playing in Montreal, especially winning up in Montreal.
And you have Patrick Wye's number.
Let's call it spade to spade.
Yeah, for some reason, I just was able uh get some by him when when it counted yeah
absolutely so uh you know we were talking with um sanderson earlier and and back then there was no
communication whatsoever between opposing players right like if they were in the same venue and they
didn't know they would walk out he told the story what were your relationships with other guys around
the league like would you and raw joke about that off the ice?
No, I didn't really like to get to know too many players
because I felt like if I did, I might let up.
If I'm going in the corner and there's a defenseman that I like,
I'm like, I might not hit him as hard as I normally would.
For me, it was best to
obviously I've had teammates that got moved and traded and myself when I went back to Vancouver.
But I didn't really get to know a lot of guys from other teams.
So R.A. talked about if you were asked to kind of curb the fighting.
And the one year, all right, so you had 74 games, 190 pims, 37 goals.
What a season.
But then the next year, the PIMS dropped down.
It was 117, and that's the first year you got 50.
You got 55.
So you think it actually probably really did lead to you becoming
an even higher-level goal scorer?
I think so.
I mean, obviously, you know, if you're sitting in the box for five,
eight minutes, ten minutes, you know,
you're going to get less opportunities to score.
So I think it did help, but I still had to remain physical.
It's just try to take the fights down a little bit is what they were suggesting.
So are you a guy that, I mean, you have a temper, right?
You're a snapper.
Are you breaking sticks out there when you're mad?
Were you somebody just when you're going nuts on the bench, guys,
just give him a couple feet?
Yeah, I think so.
I mean.
Oh, shit, here goes Cam again.
No, I've had a few meltdowns on the bench in the locker room
when things aren't going well.
I still have meltdowns.
Was it you that tossed the water bottle?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, geez.
That's great, though.
See, I think people love it.
People associate your 50-goal season with Adam Oates,
but he was actually only there for one of your 50-goal seasons.
Who were the main guys behind him?
Well, I think Craig Janning was the centerman that I got the other two with.
And, you know, when Craig got traded, you know, obviously I knew Adam.
I didn't know him well.
I knew him, you know, as a player and feeding Brett Hall.
So I'm like, okay.
But, you know, when I started playing with Adam, I'm like,
by far the best backhanded passer I think the game's ever seen, in my opinion.
It was just like even if he had on his backhand, it's getting to you.
And it's hard.
It's not just a little, you know, muffin coming your way.
He talks about that.
We interviewed him.
He talked about that a lot, actually,
about just making sure he was good on your backhand like and that guy just did it well you
think about you think about a right hand in the center and having two right wingers myself and
Brett Hall I mean you gotta you better be good on your back you're gonna catch heat from one of them
and then I mean you don't limit yourself to like I mean there's like a stat now and how many times
you're forced out the strong side,
how many times you're able to make plays.
But, I mean, a guy like Sid, like force him out any way,
and he's going to be able to make that low percentage play
a higher percentage at the time.
Yeah.
Was the chemistry instantaneous with you two,
or was it something you had to work on him?
I'm guessing not with O.T.
No, it was instantaneous.
I mean, we didn't really uh
we didn't really have to talk a lot on the ice either i i just told him i said listen adam i
don't like the puck in the neutral zone when i'm in a slot you find me exactly i want it in the
offensive zone you can deal with the puck in the neutral zone so as a centerman is he like oh god
i gotta do all the lugging or no i think i think he he probably had to do a little more and brett would be if brett was, I think he probably had to do a little more,
and if Brett was honest,
he would say he had to do a lot more with Brett than he did with me.
Okay.
I mean, that's great.
Go ahead.
When they told you about the trade, were you like,
oh, shit, there goes my sentiment,
and then it's like, well, we're bringing it out of moats.
Yeah, I was hurt at the time when that trade went down,
so I was just like, wow, okay, that'll be a big change when i get back and but it uh you know he's a obviously a hell of a player when when you're
playing in your heyday what was your summer are you working out a lot at that point or is it yeah
um it's so when i i got you know i got the thigh injury back in 92 um And that's when I really started, like, you know,
my off season became about rehab and, you know, and exercise.
And Mike Boyle, you know, Mike, you know,
he was working with the Bruins and, you know,
I'm working out with him and he's having me do all these crazy fricking
exercises.
I'm like, where's the bench press?
I'm like, what are we doing?
I go,
I'm a 50 goal scorer.
What are we doing here?
He's like,
well,
don't you want to get 70?
I'm like,
okay,
yeah,
I do.
That's a good way to put it.
Mike,
when you guys finally be the Canadians,
I think it had been like 44,
45 years,
you know,
the so-called jinx here.
Was that the biggest when you had as a pro up,
up until that point?
Yeah. I mean, what it meant for the organization, a pro up until that point? Yeah.
I mean, what it meant for the organization, what it meant for the city.
I knew it was going to be big, but I didn't recognize or realize it was going to be that big.
I mean, we flew in from Montreal,
and I think there was like 2,000 fans at the airport.
R.A. was there at the front.
Yes, he has a signed napkin.
He still has.
Yeah, and willingly.
R.A. was there at the front.
Yeah, she has a signed napkin.
So it was big for Boston.
It really was.
I was telling these guys, they're a little younger than me.
I mean, you were all over the gossip pages back then.
They had the inside track.
I mean, you and L.B. were running all over this town.
Thank God they didn't have cell phones and cameras.
Oh, my God.
I feel bad for the current athletes today because you cannot hide.
No.
You got no chance. But on the other hand, like, you must see some of the money that these kids are signing for,
and you're like, I put in that many years, and these guys are signing this much money at entry levels?
Yeah, but how I can sleep at night is I go, go well i made more money than the guys before me
that's true so that's you know it is the way it goes right that's the way it goes i just
the only thing that frustrates me is is uh you know sometimes it's like okay you know we're
hoping you're going to do it here you go right and that would frustrate me too if i had to sign checks yeah
so that's where the character is a big piece is what's the character of these players right how
frustrating would it get for you at times i mean we just had derrick sanderson he talked about how
brilliant of a hockey mind harry synda was but there were obviously issues here in boston about
spending money how how pissed off would the players get the room that basically that the
team wasn't spending what they should have been probably?
It was frustrating, there's no question, because you want to win.
For a good four-year stretch there, we either went lost in the finals
or lost in the conference finals.
And we knew we were a little depth away from really being able to compete
against the top teams, Pittsburgh and Edmonton.
So you don't really understand what's going on upstairs, right?
Now you do.
Yeah, exactly.
Do you understand now a little more like, okay, that's why Harry did it?
Well, it's just philosophies, I guess.
And I think as a player, you want every chance to win.
That's why we're playing.
I mean, you think about winning the Stanley Cup,
lifting the Stanley Cup as a player.
So if you have ownership that's willing to spend to the cap,
but now I think because there's a cap,
it's probably a little bit different now.
It's like, oh, they're not spending to the cap.
You know, the fans can recognize that now.
Right.
Yeah, it wasn't as apparent.
I think people knew, but there was no facts about it.
Right.
So, I mean, those teams, those Boston teams are so good.
You mentioned the two finals appearance.
Two just incredible Oilers teams.
I mean, what do you remember about those series?
Was it a lot closer than it seemed, you think?
88, we, you know, we weren't anywhere near as good enough to beat Edmonton.
I thought 90 we had a chance.
We had that triple overtime game.
Clema.
Yeah, exactly.
Fucking Clema.
Wes and Wesley, you know, unfortunately missed an open net.
And I think that took a lot out of us, that game.
And then it was just over after that.
But I thought we had a better chance at 90 than we did in 88 for sure.
You mentioned Glenn Wesley.
He was part of the deal that eventually brought you to Boston from Vancouver.
Are you surprised that deal is still paying dividends
for the organization all this time later?
It's amazing to me.
Someone's done this tree, right, this hockey tree.
It blows me away that there's still some fruits from that deal.
Yeah, on the team right now, Sean Corrales.
He told me 30 years later.
That's pretty wild.
That is insane.
The trade is still bear fruit.
Where did you find that one?
No, that one I've seen actually a lot before.
It's how crazy.
It's never-ending.
So obviously you've seen this.
How did you see that?
Are you on social media?
What's that?
Yeah, Cam has a burner.
What do they call them burner
accounts yeah i'm a lurker he's checking out he's seeing i follow certain i follow a lot of people
but no one knows me following them so now you're on the but i don't tweet i don't uh do any of that
stuff you're on the other side of it now like what do you make of it? I love Brad Marshall, and I'm a Coyotes fan,
and I'm like every team.
And, yeah, he crosses the line maybe a tad sometimes.
Do you guys kind of giggle sometimes at how ridiculous it is?
Well, you have to.
I mean, you know, you love him.
You have a sense of humor.
Yeah, you love him on the ice.
I mean, there's a couple, like the licking.
I'm like, Brad, really, like the licking i'm like brad really with the licking text from cam it's like okay you know um you know but i gotta tell you
if he's not on your team there's no question you hate him but if he's on your team his teammates
love him you know he he's a he's turned himself into a hell of a player um and he's and he's you
know he he just doesn't give a can i can player, and he just doesn't give a
can I say shit?
He just doesn't give a shit.
Oh, yeah, he doesn't give a shit.
Oh, you can say a lot of things.
Well, we talked about just as you became a Bruin,
the domination that you had as a player in the team,
and then everyone knows it was a dirty, vicious hit
that took out your leg by Ulf Samuelsson.
What do you remember about that moment?
I'm sure it sucks to think about, but immediately what happened after
and the treatment, how that all went down?
Well, obviously a lot has changed, right, from when I was playing
as far as treatments and recovery and rest.
But it just started a snowball effect when you know
because i i had to be put in a so it was such a hard hit that part of my quad um solidified so
it started turning to bone so they had to treat it like a broken bone so i was in a straight leg
brace for two months jesus but the problem was I wasn't on crutches.
I was just walking normally with a limp.
So I think walking like that for two months
without being able to bend my knee,
it created a problem in my knee.
When I came back in early January,
so this happened in May in the playoffs, and I didn't come back until early January, so this happened in May in the playoffs,
and I didn't come back until early January.
We played in Toronto one night,
and we're coming back home to play Montreal the next night.
I woke up from the game in Toronto.
My knee was blowing up, no pain.
I don't know what I did.
There was no pain associated, but it was just full of fluid.
Nothing in the game at that time.
No.
So I saw the docs.
They're like, well, you know, is it bothering you?
I said, no, I have no pain or anything.
Well, we can play tonight, and then, you know, we'll take a look.
We'll add it tomorrow.
So the swelling wasn't going down.
Finally, I said, well, let's do a scope.
I don't even know if we did an MRI then.
Probably did an MRI then, but they said, well, let's do a scope. I don't even know if we did an MRI then. Probably did an MRI then, but they said, well, let's have a scope
and take a look and see what's going on in there.
So I'm thinking at worst I'm 10 days out.
So I'm coming to, and the doc's looking over, and he goes,
your season's over, and I'm concerned about your career.
Right as you woke up?
Yeah.
No bedside manner there.
Jesus, buddy.
Are you kidding me?
Let's just get the information while he's groggy so I can get out of here.
Yeah, I made some decisions while Cam Neely was asleep.
Holy shit.
So there was a big, like the size of a dime, piece of joint surface cartilage on the end of my femur in my knee that was torn.
on the end of my femur in my knee that was torn.
So they had to drill a bunch of little holes in my femur to create some blood that would hopefully create this fibro cartilage.
So then I had to be in this continuous passive motion machine
for three weeks for 23 hours a day.
Oh, my God.
It was unbelievable
but i'm like i'll do whatever you guys say i have to do to try and get back to play
so and then of course you famously scored 50 goals on i mean what everyone said one leg basically in
44 games i hate how they say it's 49 games yeah drives me crazy but i how did you get that done
man i mean you're basically on one leg and you scored 50 fucking goals.
Well, having a hell of a centerman helped.
Yeah, no doubt.
But, you know, I still had to get down the ice somehow.
But what I was doing was I wasn't playing back-to-backs
because my knee was still, you know, acting up.
And I stopped morning skates, which at first I was like, God, you know,
because you're like that's a routine.
You feel like you need it.
Yeah.
You know, you're in the routine.
Oh, if I don't have a morning skate, I don't know if I, you know,
how is it going to affect my game?
I'm telling you something.
It changed how I felt at night.
Like, you know, it's like get up, put the equipment on, take it off.
It's like a waste of time.
Now teams are gassing it.
Yeah.
It's, to me. Waste of energy. It really is. I mean, time. Now teams are gassing it. Yeah. It's, to me.
Waste of energy.
It really is.
I mean, unless you want to work on some things.
Yeah.
But, you know, I think it was instituted, as we all know, for the guys back in the 70s to.
Sit at a bar or sweat it out.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, because.
It's so true.
So now guys are sweating out almond milk.
Soy milk latte.
But that season, I mean, were you doing a ton just to get ready to play every night?
Yeah, a lot of work.
So mentally it's exhausting.
Yeah, I just, I mean, I lived in the training room, which sucked.
And, you know, just a lot to try and, you know, get out there and play the games.
But, you know, I mean, as a player,
you'll do whatever it has to do to get out there, right?
And two years later, you know, your career, it was completely cut short.
But even that last year, you're a point-per-game player over 25 goals.
It was just more the mental aspect of, I just can't do this anymore.
Well, what happened was, and I think, and I think no one can really say for sure,
but I really feel like, so my right hip started bothering me.
Well, actually, I thought it was my groin because I had pain in my groin
and it just wouldn't go away and it was constant
and working on my groin constantly.
And they finally said, well, let's get an x-ray.
And my hip was a mush.
So I think it was because it was my right hip and all the injuries were on my left leg i think
overcompensating for those years yeah you know plus hockey players we you know we the way we
skate so weird yeah it doesn't it doesn't uh bode well for the hip joint so it was just the pain i
i just couldn't deal with the pain anymore in the hip and it was all day couldn't sleep it was just the pain. I just couldn't deal with the pain anymore in the hip, and it was all day.
Couldn't sleep.
It was just horrible.
That's no way anyone should live.
That's why I think sometimes people don't even realize as athletes,
it can seem like it's going great when you're scoring 50,
but every single day is a grind to get through.
It's hard to imagine to continue to do that.
The animosity.
I mean, I know Samuelson's in the press box sometimes now.
Do you ever bump into him?
Have you guys ever had a conversation?
I actually remember he was with the Coyotes.
Right.
And, of course, this is the year they ended up winning it.
Cam was with the Bruins, and we played in that game in Prague.
Oh, right, yeah.
And we ended up going to that castle a couple nights before the game,
and him and Samu sam was there in the
same room and i'm thinking okay like we might have a fucking donnie brook in here sea bass is in the
room yeah i i we have we haven't really uh i've never really bumped into him to have a conversation
yeah you don't need to no we don't need to it was a tough i mean i'm assuming it was a tough
to not be bitter when your career ended, when it did the way it did?
Are you still maybe a little bit bitter perhaps?
You know, I'm not bitter.
It was really difficult.
Right.
I remember your retirement.
Yeah, the first three years were very hard
because I still felt I could play at a high level.
You know, not many athletes can retire on their terms.
So, you know, we all know that going in.
We're either told we're not good enough or an injury happens.
It was just frustrating because I lost a lot of good hockey.
Yeah, a lot of great hockey.
I mean, right after you say for three years it is hard,
and I think every player goes through it,
but now you're in a position where I think it was 2007 you started,
you worked
back with the bruins and and as like being on the other side of it as biz mentioned does it make you
appreciate more what what kind of players go through every day well or what your side goes
through every day excuse me yeah i mean i i think you know it's just it's really kind of a great
learning experience of of you know, the business side of hockey.
Right?
Because we focus on just being a hockey player when you're playing.
And you don't really understand, you don't really care to understand what's going on and how things are run and why are decisions being made that way.
And nor should the athletes.
We just, you know, the players should just focus on how are they going to play well every night but it was just it was really uh interesting learning experience yeah what do
you make of the the decrease in fighting and basically the lack of players policing themselves
like they did when you when you played from my i hated it when they put the instigator rule in
yeah i joined the club um you know i thought that that really you know that was the the first step
in the direction of really reducing fights.
I was never a big fan of the stage fighting and, okay, nothing's going on.
My tough guy is going to fight your tough guy.
I didn't really understand that.
I could see if there was something in the course of a game that pissed somebody off,
and they're like, okay, you got to answer the bell for that.
That's, you know, part of hockey in my opinion.
Like, okay, you got to answer the bell for that.
That's part of hockey in my opinion.
I certainly understand with the concussions and everything that we know about concussions now.
But I still, well, the other thing I hate is after a good hockey hit,
you got to answer the bell.
I just don't get it.
So the fighting, okay i i i still love
aggressive hockey and you know i still like to see guys getting blown up um and with a good hit
i mean now with some of the rule changes where players are like okay i'm gonna turn my back so
you know he won't hit me but sometimes it's just too quick. You can't stop. Before, guys would brace themselves for a hit.
Well, you say your wires can snap,
and we have all seen that post-playing career in some videos in the press box.
How hard has it been to just not have any control over the game?
You're almost more nervous in those roles than you were playing.
No question.
When you're a player, you think, okay, okay my next shift maybe i can make a difference or next period or next game you know a lot of a lot of times for us all the decisions
are made and we're just hoping it works out right anxiety filled yeah you're just like you know
let's just get through this healthy let's get a a win. Let's get out of here. So what do you remember when you're down 2-0 in the finals to Vancouver,
flying home?
Were you thinking, all right, we're fine?
Or were you like, Jesus Christ?
Well, I felt like, you know, we were in both those games.
So, you know, I wasn't overly concerned.
You know, you're always like, for me, it's like let's win the odd number games.
So 1, 3, 5, 7, obviously, right?
So I'm like, you know, you've got to win game three and then you're back in it.
And our home record in that finals was the way, you know,
just the goals the guys were scoring.
But just because we were in those first two games,
I felt pretty confident we could climb back into the series.
I actually want to go back to the acting stuff.
I was watching TV with my wife a few months ago
on an old 90210 episode.
Come on.
This guy?
And who comes on the screen?
Come on.
This guy was everywhere.
I thought you only had two roles.
He's like, that's movies.
We haven't gone to TV yet.
And I think it was just after Nike might have bought Bauer
because everybody in there had all the players,
Nike front and center on the TV.
But how did that come about?
I forget how that came about.
I know they were doing some kind of a hockey scene.
Jason Priestley was a
Yeah, and I did  I was in the Mighty Ducks movie.
So the director was also  he directed some Family Ties episodes,
so maybe that was
Oh, okay.
He's just connected.
You still pals with Michael J. Fox?
Oh, yeah.
How's he doing? He's disconnected. You still pals with Michael J. Fox? Oh, yeah. How's he doing?
He's amazing.
I mean, it's hard, but his attitude about life and his lot in life is pretty special.
He's done so much to raise awareness and money.
It's unbelievable.
It's wild to see that he's still out there.
It's crazy.
I think he got maybe the loudest applause ever at the Garden when
they were doing one of the charity games, I think.
Right when the building first opened. That might have been
the loudest I ever heard that building when he skated out
for the game. Yeah, he loves
hockey.
He's always watching.
Do you feel the pressure here just because
of the original six team?
Now that you guys are very, very
competitive, does it ever get to be too much?
It's not too much.
I mean, you know, we have, everybody has expectations, right?
We have our own internal expectations.
Obviously, our fans have expectations.
I think what's happened with the success of the other teams in the city
certainly, you know, starts driving everybody to, okay, well, we've got to be good.
But it's a great market to play in.
It's not as intense as maybe some of the Canadian cities,
but for an American city, it's a great market to play in.
The fan base is smart.
They know what they're watching.
They either came with their grandfathers
or fathers or mothers and
grew up with the sport,
played the sport.
But it's,
you know, there's
everybody wants to win, right?
Which is not a bad thing.
I know one of the
charitable endeavors you took part in here was the
Neely House, the Neely Foundation.
What's the status of that?
Is that still going strong these days?
Yeah, it is.
We've been very fortunate with the support.
Unfortunately, most people have been touched by cancer
in one way, shape, or form.
So, you know, I just felt at the time when I was a player
that I was going to do something in memory of my parents,
lost both parents to the disease.
So now we're looking at doing something at the Friedman School
over at Tufts Medical Center with bringing in more nutrition
and health and wellness because, you know, when you go through cancer,
you get all these treatments and you get these drugs into your body
and then your immune system gets shot down.
So we're going to try and help bring up the immune system with this great doctor
who's a great nutritionist and understands what patients need
and what they're deficient in.
So we're looking forward to doing that.
Yeah, just for our listeners who are unaware that he opened the Neely House
several years ago, like you said, after you lost both parents.
And it's for when people are having their family members treated for cancer,
it's somewhere for them to stay so they don't have to put up for a hotel
and all that stuff.
Yeah, I mean, we've had almost 6,000 families stay there since 1995.
Wow, that's incredible.
So it's certainly a need.
You know, you don't realize these things, right, where there's families
sometimes that will travel two hours each way to come for treatment.
Then they've got to park or maybe they just live too far away,
but they can't afford hotels.
So we're doing what we can to help put them up
so they don't have to worry about that, just worry about getting healthy.
That's an amazing cause.
Thank you so much for coming in.
R.A., did you have more?
R.A. could talk to you for 17 hours.
But we appreciate it.
Let's do one more journal question to tap it all off.
Give us your best shot.
Shoot, come on, man.
I already shot all those wads in here.
How about this?
Do people close to you in your life, like, know, stay away from him maybe after a tough loss right now currently by the team?
100.
Yeah.
I see you i see you
in the elevator cam's car and don't say a word to him no no it's it's i get home and it's you know
i the deck is cleared um i i've heard stories when i get in the elevator people know not to say much
now did you drop a kick his ass sea bass in the locker room? Did we hear that story?
Yeah, yeah.
Fill the listeners in on that one.
Well, I guess the boys were talking one time about, you know,
wouldn't it be great if Cam came in and did that? Yeah, so David Backus came and asked me if I would do it.
And I'm like, yeah, I'll do it.
Why not?
And the funny thing was my buddy,
who actually was the one that delivered that line,
was at the game,
and if I would have known they wanted me to do that,
I would have had to come in the locker room.
You would have gotten a costume.
Well, thank you so much, Cam.
I mean, congrats on an incredible career
and a second career in hockey as president of the Bruins, so we appreciate you very much coming on. Yeah, my pleasure, and congrats to you guys. Thank you so much, Cam. I mean, congrats on an incredible career and a second career in hockey as president of the Bruins.
So we appreciate you very much coming on.
Yeah, my pleasure.
And congrats to you guys.
Thank you.
I read your article, by the way.
That was a great article.
Oh, I appreciate that.
We didn't mention your son follows the show.
Yes, he does.
He doesn't play hockey, but he's going to.
Oh, Cali, right?
And he's very intelligent, I hear.
Yeah.
Yeah, he got him from mom, I guess.
Well, you've got to shout him out, so they'll be like,
oh, Dad shouted me out.
All right.
My son, Jack, he watches you guys all the time, loves the show.
What up, Jack?
This is for you.
Awesome.
Well, he's pretty much the only reason you came on,
so thanks to you, Jack.
Thank you, Jack.
Jack, we owe you one, buddy.
Send him a merch package, Grinnell.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much to Cam Neely.
What a thrill it was to,
I just remember watching him, as I mentioned,
and R.A., you had his poster above your bed.
So I told the story,
I don't know if I ever told in the podcast,
but I was working out at a gym in Boston
and ended up in line or in front of him in line
getting food and I just turned around and said, hey, Cam, Ryan Whitney,
play for the Oilers.
I think I was going to be a free agent.
I don't know.
You never know.
Just trying to be polite, trying to, you know,
maybe set up a future signing if I could ever be with the Bruins.
You know, just to be pleasant and proper.
There was some personal interest in your peppiness to say hello.
And he was  did not seem like he had any desire to have
a conversation one bit kind of little standoffish and i was like yeah fuck but having met him and
him mentioning you know he can kind of just be a grumpy guy and once we talked to him you realize
he's actually a really good guy but there's times he just doesn't feel like talking and maybe comes
off as a as a little bit
grumpy, but getting to know him there in the hour we spent or whatever it was, hour and a half before
and after the interview, I really appreciate him coming in and got along with him real well. So
thank you very much. We appreciate that. I can respect somebody who, if they just don't want
to talk, they're like, I don't really care if you think I'm an asshole. I don't want to talk right
now. I wish I had a little bit of that in me sometimes.
Yeah, it's tough to say no.
I'm the same way like you, Biz.
Sometimes it's tough to say no to people.
I can't say no.
I can't say no.
My guilt.
The guilt adds up.
Hey, we got this wild story of a Pittsburgh Steeler.
Oh, we got an ad.
Yeah, hang on.
I just want to let you know, Biz, with all the uncertainty in the world, feeling safe at home has never been more important.
That's why I want to talk to you about SimpliSafe Home Security. They're longtime friends with
chiclets, as you know, and for good reason. SimpliSafe has made it easy to finally get
comprehensive protection for your home. There's no technician or salesperson that needs to come
and disrupt your house or your routine. You don't need to pay any outrageous monthly fees or sign a two-year deal
or any of that stuff.
You just order online.
You set it up yourself in under an hour, and your home is protected 24-7
with emergency dispatch for break-ins, fire, and more,
all for just 50 cents a day.
And we're not the only fans of SimpliSafe.
U.S. News and World Report named SimpliSafe the best overall home security
of 2020.
So right now, when you head to SimpliSafe.com slash checklists,
our listeners will get free shipping and a 60-day risk-free trial.
That's SimpliSafe.com slash checklists.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E.com slash checklists, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
to make sure they know that our show sent you.
From SimpliSafe and all of us here wishing you safety and good health moving forward.
I,
uh,
biz,
I know there was another story on one of our fellow podcasts,
zero blog 30.
They,
uh,
they had former Pittsburgh steal a Rocky Blyer on the other day.
And what a fantastic job those guys did.
He had an unreal story.
He was,
you know,
played at Notre Dame was drafted in the 16th round of the NFL draft.
He's in his locker room and he gets what he called his round of the NFL draft. He's in his locker room.
He gets what he called his first piece of fan mail.
It was from Uncle Sam.
He got drafted into the military.
He had to go off to Vietnam.
Here he is looking at a possible NFL career.
Instead, he had to go to Vietnam, serve his country,
and he ends up getting a Purple Heart, a Bronze Star, a recipient of both of those.
He comes home, local hero, national hero.
And then he's got his whole
football career ahead of him he ends up playing for the Steelers wins four Super Bowls uh he's
basically a legend in Pittsburgh you ask anybody Rocky Blyer and their face will light up and uh
Chaps was said he wasn't too familiar with him before this now he considers him a friend it was
just a really great episode I know you wanted to talk about a little too biz yeah I want to make
sure people who were interested in it were directed that way.
He said when he got to the Steelers' locker room one of the days,
early on when he first got there, there was a fan mail table,
and one of the guys was like, hey, you got a piece,
and he threw it over.
So he opens it up, and it said he had to report the next morning at 7 a.m., and if you listen to Chaps' podcast, Zero Block 30,
he describes in length about the attack and how he ended up getting shot in the leg.
And four of his army mates ended up being killed in that attack.
And he survived it.
It took him, I think, four or five years to recover from the bullet wound that entered his leg.
And then he goes on to win four Super Bowls.
And he was a big piece.
He was a running back.
And just I think he was an all pro as well.
So a fascinating story.
And I even noticed one of the comments and this guy wrote,
also not sure if it's been covered, but Rocky sits on the board of Navabo
and has spent years advocating for small veteran owned businesses.
I've met him at events a few times over the years and you'd never know that he
is a certified bad-ass, just a down to earth guy, a true American.
So that was one of the comments. So I, I, I'm guessing Navabo is,
is that the, the small veteran owned businesses, you know,
they help out for him. So that's very cool.
So this guy's obviously very involved and already saying that he ended up going
back there. That's like, that's so intense and holy shit man like you saw your friends die on the battlefield
there and to go back and hey you think that that quarantine's tough right now these guys are
laughing if you think this is tough you know what i mean it's like what they were doing and what that
guy's been through that's just incredible and i didn't even know the story so i'm kind of excited now that i have something to watch and check out after we
after we finish recording to actually get the whole in-depth story of it have you ever have
you ever even given that thought like what if you got a letter right now saying you have to go
overseas and and fight that's why every every generation just gets softer and softer it's
i'm way way softer than them and then in a couple of generations,
they're going to be way, way softer than me,
which means they really won't touch anyone in a hockey game.
But, I mean, they sacrifice everything, the greatest generation.
Just, hey, time to  well, he was even later, right?
He was Vietnam, so that's even different.
What year was that, R.A.? Late 60s?
Vietnam.
Vietnam. Officially, the U.S. got involved was that, R.A.? Late 60s? Vietnam.
Officially, the U.S. got involved officially in like early to mid-60s.
You know, they had been doing whatever shit before that.
But, yeah, Vietnam War was declared in, I want to say, early 60s.
And then for how many years were kids, guys getting drafted?
Yeah.
A lot of, a lot of.
No, but how long did it go?
Do you know? I think they stopped the draft.
Shit, what was it?
I don't know if it was late 60s, early 70s, but you can excuse me on that.
I wasn't alive.
No, no, no.
I didn't know.
You may not know.
I was just wondering.
If I got that letter, I'd be scared shitless.
Yeah.
A lot of people did dodge the draft.
They skipped off.
Anyway, but no.
But like you said, 50 years later, they go back to not just Vietnam,
but to where the battle happened.
And you can see the video, how emotionally he got.
I mean, you can't even imagine how powerful that must be to somebody.
Zero blog, 30 chaps.
Who's the other host?
Is it Kate?
Captain Kahn's and Kate, yep.
All right, Captain Kahn's too.
So check that out, guys.
Congratulations on getting him on, and what a story.
Anyways, I got this note sent. This is crazy busy.
You'll probably appreciate this.
Calvin Crowe, he was on the
Nipplewind Hawks in the
Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.
In the 96-97 season,
he had 723
penalty minutes.
I don't know how many seasons he played,
but even if it's an 80-game season,
723 in a single season okay well
they're counting tens and this guy's saying some ridiculous shit the entire season there's no way
they not they're not counting tens if you're getting to that number but this i mean he must
have had a 10 every game it's absolutely insane so i i did a little more digging when i saw that
now the most penalty minutes all time in that league is 1320 by uh kelly clippenstein of the webern red wings this guy had more than half of
that record in one season 723 it was obviously more than half than 1320 that's an i don't know
if we should be celebrating that like this i i hopefully he wasn't like murdering people like let's hope it was all all verbal
he's been in prison for 35 years on some guy's throat he's and we're and we're just like
throwing him off tape parades here during the quarantine yeah we haven't mentioned one nhl
yet but this guy's getting his own little segment splitting aitting a cell with fucking Joe Exotic. Yeah. No, but how about this? He comes out with the Hannibal Lecter mask on for games.
Hey, they bring him in on that little, what do they call that?
When they wheel him in?
The dolly?
Yeah.
The dolly.
Hey, Governor.
Love the suit.
Oh, God.
No, but I'm not done yet, dude.
He played one year on the Coast Biz, right?
Whoa.
66 games played.
He had 400 fucking penalties.
Oh, my goodness.
This guy was just being a menace.
And then he played one game in the now defunct IHL,
which was similar to the AHL.
What do you have, 58 minutes?
One game, 17 penalty minutes.
So obviously a 10, a 5, and a 2.
So he got his money's worth.
Interestingly, he was born in Tehran iran back in 1976 interesting okay we're not endorsing that but that is an incredible stat
yeah it's pretty pretty wild stuff man it's uh not something you hear every day boys uh i don't
know if you have you guys gotten free cable channels over the since you've been home dude
there's no better words in the english language than free cable i've been getting a shitload of
channels that new um what do you call it uh quentin tarantino once upon a time in hollywood that dropped on cable
friday night i think i've watched it five times since it dropped is dude i don't understand that
i i remember meet one of our first episodes saying the same thing how do you watch something
five times that you know exactly what's going to happen because Cause it's like, to me, it's like,
it's,
I don't,
I know it sounds coy,
but it's like art,
man.
You can just appreciate it a different way.
Like I watched slap shot twice,
three days the other day.
And I actually saw things that I never,
that's why the blogs aren't being read.
Cause he's got to watch fucking movies 20 times.
I told you,
I thought you,
I,
so,
so,
so how many,
how many,
in how many days did you watch once Upon a Time in Hollywood five times?
Not front to back five times,
but I watched the front to back Friday night when it debuted,
and then it was on late night again.
I probably fell asleep.
I'm going to be honest.
I've turned that movie on, I think, three or four times now,
and I've been unable to finish it.
Once Upon a Time?
Oh, yeah.
I thought it was severely overrated.
I didn't dislike it, but the way I heard about it,
I couldn't imagine
if I'd seen that once
or maybe twice to now throw it on right now.
I'm going to go on
and say, though, I'll give it a chance
until I'm completely finished it,
and I'll blame it on my attention span.
Just throw your shades on, dude.
If we're talking...
Shut up, you fucker. now you made me lose my train
of thought you asshole uh oh it's out of my goal okay okay yeah all right let's talk ozark really
enjoyed season one okay i think it's off me too i ain't start me too so so here i'm gonna i'm gonna
put it in the break and bad realm but the problem with with Ozark, and I'm not going to say it's a problem yet,
is I'm having a hard time getting between the middle of season two.
So I feel like once I get through the middle of season two
and get to the end where it probably ramps up a little bit,
I saw the trailer for season three recently, and it looks fucking lit.
The kids, all the kids are saying lit.
That's the cool word
it looks like it's popping and i see people online all excited about it so i think that's
going to be my next uh my next thing and then you guys have kept saying the wire so this
quarantine period goes a little bit longer here the wire is one that i got to check out
now the thing about the wire Paul and I had actually a
one of my followers tagged me the other day and said I put it on I couldn't get through the first
two episodes and the first thing I asked the guy I says did you have your phone in your hand and
he's like you busted me yeah I goes you if there's any show you cannot watch with your phone in your
hand it's the wire it it requires your absolute 100 okay to get the full grasp but this is like
nope you have to shut the thing off.
I had not have it near you because I know your attention struggles sometimes,
but this show fucking sucks you in and you've got to pay attention.
Well, it's because I'm working constantly.
Shit's got to get shifted around.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
But if you're going to put some time aside, you do have to put your phone.
Because there's so many details that if you miss one, you're going to put your time aside, you do have to put your phone away. Because there's so many details that if you miss one,
you're going to be lost three or four episodes.
I've got to get an Adderall prescription to watch this.
To watch the live.
As far as Ozark, I tapped out after season one, man.
I felt like season five of a Showtime show where the plot was just kind of ridiculous.
See, it gets compared to Breaking Bad, which I think is ridiculous because break them bad was on another level
because it's you know this guy's doing the right thing for his family but he's in getting criminal
becoming a criminal oh i think the i think the high-end acting in ozark is better than
bacon breaking bad i that who's i forget the woman's that's the craziest thing you've ever
said and i'veney. 15 years.
Laura Linney, great actress.
I think she's tremendous.
She's way better than...
Than Walter White's wife?
Walter White's wife was not a great actress.
Okay, for me, I hated her so much
that I feel like she was a very good actress.
I hated her guts.
She made me hate her guts.
I know, but it was like it was like
it was unrationally evil.
I was just like, oh, I fucking hate her.
Yeah, I don't know, man.
I can't compare Ozarks to Breaking Bad.
I won't do it. I won't do it. I won't stand
for it. Listen, I'm not
saying it's there yet, but the way that
season three looks like it's popping and the
comments on it, I could see it getting there.
We got a ways to go here,
buddy. You don't know where this is going. So I can't get through
two either, Biz. I've shut it off
15 times, I feel like.
I don't know. Two is just...
I was really into it. I'll send you some Adderall.
I'll send you the Adderall.
We've talked about this
long enough, my bad. What else are we supposed to talk about?
I know.
It's like,
don't ever end any conversation ever right now.
I told you I go for errands.
I drive four miles an hour driving on highways.
Basically,
I don't get pulled over in black sheep.
Do you know how fast you were going?
I don't know.
78.
You were going seven,
seven miles per hour. It's like, don't know 78 you were going seven seven miles per hour it's like don't
end stories we have nothing to do nothing to talk about nowhere to go all right so on that note biz
i don't think i don't think ozak earned it basically the whole thing of breaking bad is
is the vince gilligan the creator famously said he goes from mr chips to sky face mr chips is like
a school teacher back in the 50s he goes from Mr. Chips to Scarface. Mr. Chips is like a school
teacher back in the fifties. He goes from a nerdy teacher to a Kington over the course of five,
six seasons. Whereas Ozark, it happens in the first season over like eight episodes. And it
just wasn't plausible. I mean, I know it's a movie TV, you throw reality, but it just didn't earn it,
man. It's like, I'm not buying Jason Bateman is all of a sudden this bad-ass accountant who these
people are going to be afraid of. I will say the one thing I regret not going back to, that little hick girl, she was incredible.
The little blonde hick chick. Yeah, her kind of fake accent ruins it a little bit for me.
She's been unreal. But anyways, as you know, Biz, I love to be in a QT movie. And I know
finding the perfect extra can be tough.
I'm not sure if he uses ZipRecruiter for his extras, but maybe he should,
because ZipRecruiter sends your job to over 100 of the web's leading job sites,
but they don't stop there.
With their powerful matching technology, ZipRecruiter scans thousands of resumes
to find people with the right experience and invite them to apply to your job.
ZipRecruiter is so effective that four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day.
And right now, to try ZipRecruiter for free,
our listeners can go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Did you guys watch Brockmire?
I know I've touted that show on him many times.
Oh, we're going back to shows and movies?
You take it whenever you want, buddy.
We'll talk about it.
Well, I was going to ask you guys,
what do you make of people shaming Zuckerberg for donating 25 million?
Why?
Because people are nuts, man.
People think they can tell other people.
What was the complaint?
That it wasn't enough.
That it was only.00025 of his income or perceived worth.
Shut the fuck up.
Thank you.
Fuck you.
Who are you to tell anyone how to spend their money?
It's like you're better off just not even saying it.
tell anyone how to spend their money it's like you're better off just not even saying that yeah i mean who the fuck are you to tell anyone what they should do with one of their dollars
yeah yeah exactly losers that's well i get well time out in okay give me give me what you got
right now i can't wait to bury you if you try to play devil's advocate well well we kind of uh
well i guess we we shamed uh
what's his name for not giving anything but that's a completely different scenario hey dude those are
the people that work for him i agree listen i'm not listen i'm not i'm agreeing with you i think
it's fucking ridiculous some people would try to bring up that argument did you guys shame jacobson
completely different situation i agree i was just saying i had to bring it that argument. Did you guys shame Jacobson? Completely different situation.
I agree.
I was just saying.
I had to bring it up. I think it's fucking ridiculous.
All right.
You seem a little antsy.
I think maybe a little all right Hamilton question.
It seemed like you were right up your alley.
Oh, I wasn't.
Hey, so I went and listened.
I wasn't defending the fucking haters.
All right, Hamilton.
Remember, I didn't know what that was.
So I went and listened. I didn't know what that was. So I went and listened.
I didn't know you chucked in the little movie clip on the pod.
I've been doing that for four years now.
I know, but I don't listen.
I know, I know.
I'm breaking your balls.
I haven't seen you for a while.
Yeah, people who don't know All Right Hamilton,
it's basically a T-shirt, which if you know what the Ball Don't Lie T-shirt
is that Dave made, it was a T-shirt, which if you know what the ball don't lie t-shirts that Dave made,
it was a t-shirt that didn't sell at all.
So I made up a t-shirt when Dougie Hamilton was a Bruin.
All right, Hamilton.
It was kind of tied into Spicoli.
It was kind of just, you know, one of those weird things we thought would sell.
Dave didn't like it for an idea.
So I personally bought the shirts myself, tried to sell them, make a quick buck with Dave's blessing.
And basically they became like my version of Ball Don't Lie.
So I had a fucking 10 boxes full of these things
that I couldn't get rid of. So
that's how we ended up bringing it up as the
shtick here. So we still got some of those
t-shirts. I should see if they're still buried in my mother's
cellar. Maybe we could do a little fucking giveaway with them.
Sure, bro. We'll sell them at a chunk of my car just with
my old Abercrombie shirts.
That's what I used to do when I had them.
Anyways, we got a few funny ones here, so we'll fire away.
What are you first, Whitman?
Oh, you got some.
Okay, let's go.
Let's go, baby.
Let's go.
You think he's going to try to make some up?
I thought he just wanted to shout out the shirts for the sale.
So, yeah, it's just one of those weird things that's kind of tough to explain,
but it makes sense when it happens.
All right, Wes, who was your number one celebrity crush growing up?
This one is from at negs34.
All right, Hamilton.
So my heyday of just.
Like when you were just cranking it out. Yeah, your heyday of, let's say, puberty was maybe 12, 13.
At that point, that's 1995, 1996.
Dude, I'm going two of them.
I'm going Kelly Kapowski, Tiffany Amber Thiessen,
and I don't know if it's 50-50 or 60-40, but it's close.
And the other one's Carmen Electra.
Because she was so trashy.
She was so trashy hot.
And I remember being a young little whippersnapper from Scituate Mass,
just looking at her, being pretty amazed that that's what was on the other side.
There you go.
What about you, G?
I grew up in the Disney Channel era, so mine was always Selena Gomez.
I loved Selena Gomez growing up.
Yeah, she was a Disney Channel girl.
Oh, no.
Yeah, so she's always just been cute as a button, you're saying?
Oh, yeah.
Selena Gomez and Miley Cyrus.
I love the shit out of them.
That's rockin' the cradle.
Disney, that's what you were getting going to?
You were just cracking yourself up to Disney?
I was 13 and these girls
are 15. These girls were like the hottest chicks
in the world to me.
How jealous were you
of Bieber?
This is when Miley Cyrus and
they just became pop stars.
They're doing these big tours.
Remember Hannah Montana had the big tour all around the country.
Oh yeah.
She was a kid.
Yeah.
Tickets were really expensive.
Shoot.
These girls were huge at one point.
Damn.
Okay.
Who else came out of the Disney channel?
Who did as well?
Vanessa.
Okay.
Yup.
And then Ariana Grande came out of Nickelodeon.
Ariana Grande, man.
Her voice for how small she is, it doesn't make sense.
It's crazy.
I saw she's dating like a real estate agent.
Do you remember when I said I could pick her up?
You're saying like it's a bad thing.
She dated that Davidson guy.
It's not a bad thing.
It's just bad thing. She went from  she dated that Davidson guy. It's not a bad thing. It's just very surprising.
Usually you don't see celebrities dating some random Joe Schmo real estate.
I don't know if I could ever
This is why I said I could get Ariana Grande.
We had the argument on Barstool Radio last year.
I said I think Ariana Grande
Her wrists are bigger than yours.
I said her next guy is going to be some random Joe Schmo,
like just running the mill guy.
I think you did say that.
I did, and look who she went after next.
You thought you were going to be that loser she went after.
Ten minutes in a bar and I would have had her.
That's all I'm saying.
Shut up.
Ten minutes.
Come on.
You know what?
Maybe post-Rolex.
Maybe she would have been like, okay, all right.
You would have felt for me being a loser.
He's not a complete loser.
I'm a nice guy. If she would have saw your old apartment, you would have been like, okay, all right. He's not a complete loser. I'm a nice guy.
If she would have saw your old apartment, you would have been fucked.
Yeah, that's true. Very true.
What were we talking about?
I had something
to talk about. First celebrity crush.
Hold on.
Oh, yeah.
Go ahead. I haven't given my answer.
My first, like, this is kind of, first time
it was Charlie's Angels, man. That was the first time I was like, oh, man, like women are very attractive. I haven't given my answer. My first, like, this is kind of, first time it was Charlie's Angels, man.
That was the first time I was like, oh, man, like, women are very attractive.
I was probably like fucking six or seven.
Obviously, that's not, that's pre-tugging.
Christy Brinkley was probably like first celebrity crush.
But here's the thing.
I had, when I was 14, 15, I had a Playboy subscription.
So it was like flavor of the month.
Oh, you're a bad boy.
You're a bad boy.
Yeah, I was 14.
You had a Playboy subscription that would come to your house?
Yeah, when I was like 14, yeah.
What were your parents doing?
Well, dad was parents with a divorce.
Dad was at his place.
No, my mother's pretty liberal about that stuff.
No, it's funny.
Is anyone else at home, in the car, in your basement, in quarantine,
shaking their head that a 14-year-old kid had a subscription
to Playboy coming to his parents' house?
You know how I got it, dude?
Remember Publishers Clearinghouse?
Remember Ed McMahon?
You might have already won 10,000.
How does a 14-year-old get that in the mail?
So I got that in the mail, and it said to be eligible,
you have to subscribe to two magazines.
So I subscribed to Sports Illustrated and Playboy when I was 14, and they fucking both came in the mail and it said to be eligible, you have to subscribe to two magazines. So I subscribed to Sports Illustrated and Playboy when I was 14 and they
fucking both came in the mail.
So America's fucking publishers,
Claren House,
that's who sent it to me.
So 14 years old.
Yeah.
My mother was like,
yeah,
she's like,
she didn't care.
She's like,
yeah,
just don't,
you know,
don't wait your level of disgust.
When he said that it was all time.
We got to put that. It was all time.
That's just so opposite of what I had growing up.
It's just incredible to me.
Hey,
son, I got the bill from
Eversource and Bank
of America and your Playboy's here.
Oh, hold on.
There's a hustler here too yeah those are dirtier rear
hey i was i was fucking fine oh my goodness oh this is why this is sometimes when i love coming
on here and doing this this is the most that was a belly laugh i've never i've never in this what
i have to do.
I have to remember the days when some nights you're kind of grinding out to record.
You're not necessarily feeling it when we get going, mid-season, playoffs, you know.
The grind is real for any job, anyone will tell you.
I need to remember the feelings that I have right now where I'm counting down the seconds until we record.
It's like, honey, I got to go downstairs at 3 o'clock.
I thought you were recording at 7.
Yeah, we have 14 interviews tonight.
This is a time in life when I think that people need just to just take a step back.
So quarantine is a deal breaker?
Oh, there is no  I mean, I know that all women listening
that are married,
men listening that are married,
couples, kids,
some days you'll be married.
Marriage wasn't necessarily created
with a quarantine in mind.
But I think that you got to do a good job
of being positive
and giving each other space
while also going out
and taking advantage of some
alone time, which is really healthy.
Mine happens to be the podcast, so when I come
downstairs to talk to you guys and you guys
want to move on from certain subjects and not
just talk about random things, I'm going to
lose my mind because I'll talk about anything.
What's so shady about Playboy, though?
It's just more about a
14-year-old kid getting
an X-rated magazine sent to his house.
See, that's usually kids hide and like maybe go into the woods and meet.
I had, I had a Fox magazine, which is far dirtier than both of those.
Well, that's the issue.
I had to hide that under my bed.
I had these drawers that would, you have to like take the drawer off and I would put it underneath there.
So this is like, I was like uh like batman going
down to his like lair when i would go when i wanted yo i have a buddy who who decided to hide
his stuff say this must have been age 13 to 15 12 to 15 whatever it may be hot hid a magazine
a video and something else decided to hide it in under the sink in the bathroom off
the kitchen like that wouldn't be found well one one day he went in to get it in the back and it
was gone and replaced there was a letter to him from his mother and she addressed him and wrote
there are deep secret gross underground societies for people like you that are into things like this
so it's a real eye-opener in terms of the parents being a little disgusted
with what was going on in his intimate
personal lifestyle at that moment.
So they shamed him for his normal sexuality
then?
I guess. They also
weren't ordering him
like Shiloh
Styles videos to come to his front
door like you.
Playboy's not X-rated.
There's a huge difference between Playboy and every other, like,
hustle a penthouse.
Playboy was like a
Hey, if we put up a poll on the chicklets' Instagram or Twitter
on how many people think it's normal for a 14-year-old to have a
subscription to Playboy to come to their house,
what do you think the percentage will be?
I don't know.
Now, just let me clarify.
I don't want people...
My mother didn't sign off on it.
It was an offer I got from a fucking publisher's clearinghouse.
If you don't remember, if you're young, they used to...
It was probably a scam.
It was a fake sweepstakes where they gave about 10 million away.
Ed McMahon would come to your house and give this fake check.
You're supposedly one.
So I had a thing.
I subscribed to the two magazines.
My mother had nothing to do with it.
Now, when I did get them, she didn't.
She was like, yeah, whatever.
Just don't bring them around the neighborhood.
We don't need an explanation.
I think it's a little odd.
Listen, I don't want my people to think my mother's a bad parent.
That's all.
No, come on, man.
Like, we're not going there.
We're just, come on.
Boys, I was a sick puppy.
I was a sicker puppy than you are.
I was just keeping it behind closed doors.
It was happening in my underground sex lair underneath my bed.
Playboy, of course, by today's standards, Playboy is super tame.
But honestly, I would say it's the old joke.
I read it for the articles.
But I would legit read, in addition to being a 14-year-old kid,
I legit would read the thing cover to cover.
I mean, there was outstanding interviews, the jokes. Ask anyone anyone who's my age playboy had a lot of cultural cash
boys how about this one and i'm and i'm high enough to talk about it on the podcast right now
so i clogged my toilet last night and this morning little brian yandle at my parents house
i forget what episode that was but that's a funny story so I'd forgotten that I'd clogged it so this
morning I came up and I make a pot of coffee or a cup of coffee excuse me and I start doing it and
I'm like oh shit I got a shit and I remember my fucking toilets clogged so I flushed the toilet
and it's like it hadn't like I thought I could maybe get it down with a big flush well long
story short i had to shit in my fucking garbage can in my kitchen today bro what yeah how'd that
i didn't pull that off i well i just i i sat over there if there's an actual image of you squatting in your kitchen into the trash can this morning,
dead sober after eating 43 watermelons and a chai tea smoothie last night.
The guy still is shitting in his
So basically you're proving that living your lifestyle is more fucked up
than the guy who just gets blacked out and passes out.
Yeah.
Yeah, I shit.
I shit. I shit.
I obviously bagged it up right away and fucking
I brought the garbage bag to the  next to the bathroom.
I wiped my ass until it was clean.
I got  actually, it wasn't that messy.
I was thankful.
I put it in the garbage bag up and then obviously washed my hands
and then walked it outside.
Yeah.
It was  because I was going to call somebody,
but there's nobody working the maintenance.
All right.
We cannot finish the episode on that story.
That's just too disgusting.
That's all right.
No, it'll stay.
We can cut it if you guys think it's too gross.
I think you already did.
Mikey Grinnelli wants to keep it.
I'm just saying it's getting a little pathetic around here.
If Tom Brady not playing the Patriots didn't get cut,
this thing's staying on until the goddamn end of time.
All right.
Hey, one thing that came over the wire while we've been talking here,
El Pres Dave Portnoy, our boss, tweeted out,
just got hit with a 167,000 trading penalty for trading with funds
I didn't really have on Friday.
Hashtag YOLO.
You only live once.
So a Davey Day trader.
Sounds like he had a rough day.
I don't understand how that shit goes, so I'm the last guy to break it down.
But he tweeted that 167,000
penalty.
Jesus. You'd think they just
wouldn't allow you to trade once you didn't have the
funds, right?
I'll say this.
It would ruin my month if that happened
to me. He just tweets it out
and doesn't really care.
I went on with him one day last
week. I'm hopping on again this week.
I opened an account.
I'm going to start day trading.
No clue.
Same as him.
No clue what I'm doing.
But if I could see,
he wants to make,
he's trying to make like 700 grand in one day.
He's nuts.
I,
if I could ever make a couple grand every day,
boom,
boom,
boom,
boom.
You just get it.
You get a stock.
It goes up a tiny little bit.
You sell it off.
Boom.
You get the money that day.
Shut it down the rest of the day.
Wall Street witty.
I'll start printing the shirts.
Quick hits.
I'll start printing the shirts, baby.
I don't understand any of that stuff.
If you gamble on a football or a hockey game and then you lose,
you see what happened to cause you to lose.
You watch the game.
You see how it all unfolds.
In this game, if you want to call it that,
a company goes up
or down and you have no reason why for the most well you gotta you gotta read a lot you have to
read other other things that are happening and all right gang well i think that i want i i want
to go back to the shitting in the garbage can a lot of people are going to be like well why don't
you just go in the toilet and i'm like no, no. Exactly. On top of the cloggedness. Just clog it even more.
No, I know.
But the thing is, is it was a clean bowl.
Like, for whatever reason, it's clogged a little deeper.
So I didn't want to, like, because then if it's still clogged and I can't get in touch with the maintenance guy, like, I just didn't want it to be too, too messy.
How about hopping out and grabbing a plunger and then plunging it down and moving on with your day?
Yeah, but I panicked, and I ran to the fucking kitchen,
and I thought, I can get rid of this quicker.
It's out of my hair.
It's now the big dumpster's problem, not mine.
I did a good job of cleaning up.
Anyway.
It's good.
And I did a good job of cleaning up.
Anyway.
It's good.
It's good.
I had to get that off my chest.
Emergency response in a panic.
Yeah.
Right?
You didn't ruin a pair of underwear, pants, and you didn't make a mess in your home.
Wasn't the turkey trots either.
It was well executed.
I'll give myself that.
One other thing I have to explain in all this is this morning, I knew that it was clogged.
I tried to flush it hard again so the pressure would have pushed it through.
But then it rose to the top.
So when I finally had to take that shit after I drank the cup of coffee, totally forgetting that my toilet was clogged,
I didn't want to shit into a bowl that was basically close to full.
It would have been like, bah.
So my quickest reaction was to run to that garbage can in the kitchen.
Now here I am telling this story
on the fucking podcast.
You got to go. The last thing you want to do,
you'd rather shit in a bucket than have shit all over your
bathroom floor in addition to gallons of water.
You made the right call.
Let's bring it to the Twitter
poll, Grinnell.
All right, gang. Listen, everybody. It is Monday. It is a new week. I know it's bring it to the Twitter poll, Grinnell. There we go. All right, gang. Well, listen, everybody.
It is Monday.
It is a new week.
I know it's tough to keep track.
There's no days.
With no days.
It is Groundhog Day.
But, everybody, thanks for tuning in.
We do appreciate the support during this crazy time.
And have a great week out there, and we'll check back with you Thursday.
Take care, all.
Yep.
Stay healthy, everyone.
Thank you for listening.
Peace.
As always, we want to give a huge thanks to our great sponsors who are sticking by us through all this stuff big thanks to new amsterdam vodka and everybody
with pink whitney big thanks to our buddy stapleton timmy with boikies awesome stuff check it out
a big thanks to our friends over at simply safe if you're looking for home security use them
and a big thanks to everybody over at zip recruiter you're looking to hire you want
to check out zip recruRecruiter. Have a great week, everybody. I've pushed away.
I'm falling for you. Falling for you.
Falling for you. Falling for you. Falling for you. I'm out.
