Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 258 of Spittin' Chickas, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
We're in week number whatever we're at, without sports, without hockey,
but we're chugging along.
We're going to keep on grinding.
We're having fun here.
Let's say hi to the boys.
Get cracking tonight.
Mikey Grinelli, how you hanging in there, buddy?
What's going on, guys?
Apartment number two here in
new york city has now become overridden with mice oh man yep i saw one i saw on the other night
instantly went out and got traps tough to find mouse traps with the state that new york city's
in right now but i got a bunch of traps and i'm going to war with these little bastards when you
say overridden you mean you've seen one so far, but you think there's others?
Do they do mice hang out in packs?
Yeah, they travel in packs, and I've seen multiple.
I'll just say that.
And he's big.
And, R.A., you said week whatever.
It's Wednesday. I believe the last time we saw an NHL game,
Avalanche might have been a part of it.
It was on a Wednesday, correct?
So we're, what, week three now with no hockey? Yeah, yeah, yeah part of it. It was on a Wednesday, correct? So we're what,
week three now with no hockey? Yeah, yeah, yeah, because it was the night, the basketball,
because we kind of had a live report, kind of a live update. The NBA stuff was going on. They
canceled that game. Yeah, that was the last night of NHL, if I'm not mistaken, yeah. So three weeks,
I mean, it does feel a lot longer than that. Is there any news to report on the hockey side
of things i guess i
should let you finish the intros first yeah well yeah i know i like to say it's kind of been a more
tradition than anything i know you're sick of it but there's pip hall biz nasty business and of
course the whitlock ryan whitney what's going on buddy not much just hanging out yet uh today took
three weeks so three weeks yeah that was three years since we last saw NHL action.
What was I going to bring up to you guys?
Oh, Biz, how's the feedback on the sunglasses?
Or have we not posted anything since?
I don't think we've posted a thing.
We had so much good video at Cam Neely, I didn't need to. Okay, okay.
Although, considering I could hop into it right now,
I did post on my Instagram story feed
just kind of what's going on with the schedule
with spit and checkouts.
Of course, we're going to maintain
the Monday-Thursday podcast
with the ECHL Player Relief Fund video interview series
we're releasing.
Those are going to drop on Tuesdays and Fridays.
So plenty of stuff coming at you guys throughout the week.
So when I post this,
I get a FaceTime from my friend Dion Phaneuf.
You remember Double Dion?
That's a Double Dion.
Triple Dion.
He calls me, and he made a very, very, very generous donation
to the ECHL Player Relief Fund.
What a classy move.
Of course, the classy guy that he is, he said,
please don't mention the amount.
Now, mind you, it is a very hefty amount.
So he is an absolute boss.
We then went on to talk about how he had 12 cases of wine
dropped off to his front door.
What kind?
Just 12 cases of Caymus?
I think his go-to is, he told me he's big into pinot right now he likes the
bell gloss and that's actually one of my favorites as well but uh that's that's pretty much his
version of yellowtail because that's how much double d on has made in his career but i just
wanted to personally thank him and i mentioned that that gentleman from aspen who also reached
out to jeff jacobson business partner. His name is Sheldon
Walensky and he's the guy who ended up throwing 10k of his own money. I'm going to have to actually
get you his email. We'll pump it out through our social channels about finding a manager to manage
the Aspen Hockey League there. So those are two individuals who have stepped up and donated. So
we're fired up folks. We hope you guys enjoyed uh, we hope you guys enjoyed the boy keys,
um,
ad in front of the Tim Stapleton YouTube interview that we just dropped on
Tuesday night.
He was the first one to go.
Uh,
it was a lot of laughs.
I rewatched it.
I was,
uh,
all right,
I'll throw it back to you.
I was a little fired up when,
when the Keenan subject got brought up,
I forgot how fired up I got.
Yeah.
You were pretty amped up. You look, I think I noticed that with when, when the Keenan subject got brought up, I forgot how fired up I got. Yeah. You were pretty amped up.
You,
I think I noticed that with Keenan all the time.
You always like to break down him.
Cause he's such a,
there's so much psychology involved with him.
But honestly,
that,
that video was like,
I would ready Murphy delirious.
Like the way the laughs were flowing that night in that room.
Like I think when people watch it,
they can really get a feeling of what it was like in there.
Cause he was,
he was on a,
on a heat of that night.
It was,
it was awesome.
So if you haven't checked that out,
I know a lot of people, they hear hear it they want to see it so now
you can watch the interviews i know you've already heard him but i think watching them it brings a
different uh a different element that you don't get by just listening to him so by all means check
them out so biz you you mentioned the gentleman who gave the 10k uh from aspen sheldon made me
think immediately of sheldon brookbank i've never met a bad guy named Sheldon. Just solid, solid, salt of the earth type people Sheldons are. And where was I going with this? Sheldon Walicki.
Oh, no. Did you ever fight Sheldon Brookbank at any point along here?
No, there's another tough guy I dodged. Hey, and he was about 6'2". I'm going to say, I don't know, 205.
He was not overly big, and he's standing there and chuckle.
And then Wade, I think, was even bigger.
But, oh, man, Brookbank, great to see he's now coaching in Chicago,
I believe, as well.
Are you sure he's not a scout?
I thought he was behind the bench.
I think he's behind the bench.
Maybe I'm wrong.
We could both be wrong.
Guys, some other good news.
We got Bo Horvat and Ryan Getzloff on Tuesday night.
Two NHL captains, and it was great hearing firsthand from Bo Horvat,
his experience coming into the league and learning under the likes of the Sedin twins,
his relationship with Derek Dorsett,
and his newfound friendship for the Rooster, Antoine Roussel,
who played a similar role as Dorsett.
And then going on to Getzla, that's a guy that I played with,
not a big deal, with the under-18 Team Canada when he put the whole team
on his back and helped us win a gold medal in Yaroslav, Russia,
somewhere I can't go back.
Thanks, Whit.
He might be dealing with some roosters too because we talk about building a chicken coop,
although I think only hens lay eggs, so I'll probably get sure for that.
Oh, I butchered that in that interview too, so I don't think I got that one.
Oh, I had no idea until I think 2016 that there was a difference in the chickens and the hens.
So if you're trying to come out and say that you know for a fact that hens are the only ones who lay eggs,
take a hike. I guess it's probably pretty easy i'm like only women can have babies so i guess only women chicken can have can lay eggs i suppose it didn't even know i i didn't know
until you just said that that chickens chickens are only male roosters uh i think really male
yeah but either way he was he was great you laughing at g grinnelly has a rooster at that
listen i'm smart in some areas and not smart and others it's like there's only so much brain power
up here and and then for some of you both of us biz we have street smarts but we're sometimes not
very um well spoke book smart hey i'm quick on my feet and there was a prime example of it last
podcast and I want to
thank some of you individuals who have reached out and let me know that you have been in vulnerable
situations and had had to shit in places that you normally don't do so and there was a few things
that I was caught off guard one being I said it towards the end just to add some levity and I
thought hey if I shit in my garbage can in my kitchen, it's not much fun
considering the only thing that comes of it is me carrying it to the dumpster out at my apartment
complex. I might as well get some chuckles out of it. And you asked me about the plunger wit.
Since I've moved in here, I've only had one of those brushes. I've never ran into an issue this
bad. It was usually one flush and then boom, it was gone.
And it was a pure panic thing.
And, and I'm not going to be apologetic.
Now, let me ask you something.
Did you, when you, when I asked you about the plunger, did you panic more than when they asked you about the number one trade on the deadline show when you hopped on Sportsnet
and it took you like 46 seconds to think of Nemestik i was nervous about the domestic cop thing which mind you that was probably
based on value to the point of when the season ended the best trade that went down exactly you
were right about that one so pat on the back to me uh no i was just i was more rattled at the pause
between when i said it and then your guys reaction reaction. Then I was like, oh, no, I shouldn't have even fucking brought it up.
That's when the panic ensued.
Then you asked me about the plunger.
No, I thought it was unreal.
I was just so shocked by it.
I just wanted to clear the air there.
I know some of you who are grossed out by the thought of me taking a shit in my kitchen garbage.
Hey, shit happens.
No pun intended.
So, R.A., I'll throw it back over to you.
I think the weirdest place I probably did was a
wicked dive strip joint in Montreal.
It was like Club Alexandria.
It was by the old Munich. It's long been closed.
But you went in the toilet.
Yeah, right. I looked like Big Bird because I built
a fucking three-foot-high nest before I had to climb up
to sit on it.
No, I actually shit in the garbage by the bar.
It was an emergency. All the stalls were being used. Like I say, you gotta go. You gotta go, right? No, I actually shit in the garbage by the bar. It was an emergency.
All the stalls were being used.
Like I say, you got to go.
You got to go, right?
No, he was singing Rolling Stones on the karaoke machine and in a fit of holding a special note by Mick Jagger.
He pushed one out on stage at the strip club.
Got the boot forever, R.A. style.
That reminds me of I tweeted you the other day, R.A.
The Coyotes had me do that game
night and we did the bag toss with, with Clayton Keller and Christian Fisher and Keller lost. And
then I ended up doing this punishment and they ended up airing the footage and it was me singing
Justin Bieber. You know, sometimes I get roped into doing these things, things, and then I see
them online and I, and I cringe myself. That was probably one of them.
I don't know if you saw the video, but I wanted to punch myself in the face
when I saw that.
Didn't we already talk about this, Grinnelly?
No, we didn't.
It's going viral on TikTok right now, though, Biz.
Hey, Biz, we talked about it, but it was off recording.
That's what it was.
Like it was painful.
No, I mean.
All right, you're on my side i
don't necessarily that's your style man you're a good dancer it's it's funny people know you're
not like being serious now you know how i was in hollywood man when i watched myself in hollywood
i felt the same way but whatever dude you just let's fuck it you gotta let it let her go to the
wind it's the internet like if it was a different song would you not oh no just in general like
whatever whatever goofy stuff i you i was like a dancing monkey, would you not? No, just in general, like whatever, whatever goofy stuff.
I was like a dancing monkey that day.
You're like, all right, dance like the monkey.
I was just doing whatever you wanted me to that day.
Or when you fell asleep at dinner.
Yeah, exactly.
That was the night before, so he still had the shampoo effect.
That's what happens when the old makes a call.
You know what the shampoo effect is, right, Biz?
No, but I was just going to say to R.A.,
like sometimes you just take the l and you gotta
admit it right yeah what's for us won't be the last what's the shampoo effect is when you get
waffled and then the next morning if you have brunch or something you just have a cup like a
beer or two or a mimosa or something to wake you up bloody mary and you're just like crippled again
it's just the shame because it's, there's so much in there,
you know,
it's like,
you just need the smallest amount of shampoo,
but then it can lather up so many hairs.
In our case,
not really,
but do you know what I'm saying?
It's the shampoo effect.
Once you have one,
it spreads it out and it's already in your system.
Grinnell,
uh,
this tick,
it's going big on tick tock.
So the kids are liking it.
The kids are loving it right now on tick tock.
That's cause they can't comment. If they could comment. Oh, they can comment. You can comment
on TikTok. Is there a lot of, um, like, is there private messages being sent? Does it get like a
dating app style? I think there are, there are DMS on TikTok as well. So speaking of social media,
how's our TikTok channel? Oh, the TikTok channel's buzzing. I'll post out about like three more tonight.
I always post out when you're editing because it doesn't matter what time you post a TikTok.
You can post it at 4 a.m.
You can post it at noon.
It doesn't matter.
So I hammer out a bunch when I'm editing.
So that dance that's going around, the savage dance, have you thought about like trying to do that?
Or is that strictly for girls?
That's more for girls. I'm to get rudy to do one today i i asked rudy and he kind of snapped at me and i was like rudy when are you going to do a tiktok dance and he's like i don't
want to do tiktok dances that's not my style of comedy it's like all right i was just asking man
i thought you were a tiktok hey rudy geez take a chill pill buddy well i think he's really upset
since he got gassed by hinge for talking about his sexuality on here um true going back to social media fuck i made the mistake
listen i'm i got a girlfriend i'm really happy in my relationship you know i thought i'd post
a picture of us on it when a month ago when we were on our trip when i got bent over for 40 tip everywhere I went. And the,
the,
the comments,
these guys are,
are savages.
Ah,
they're hyenas.
These,
I mean,
I love you guys,
some of you,
but Holy shit,
like tighten it up,
man,
with my girlfriends around.
Is that Cindy?
No,
I'm not dating shitty Cindy.
Are you?
No,
that's my girlfriend.
Now,
no,
Hey,
no tag. No. Why? So you can fucking DM him a picture of your dick. You you? No. That's my girlfriend. Hey, no tag? No.
Why? So you can fucking DM him a picture of your
dick, you sick fuck? We'll have Luke
Was it Luke Welkin?
Is that his last name? He'll be sending
The mad shitter of the fucking
Twitter? He'll be sending. I got another
picture of that guy's shit the other day.
Now he sent me two pictures of his dumps.
So thanks again, Luke. The mad
shitter of Twitter biz.
That's what we're going to call him.
That's what happens if you get the Tom Brady mix-up wrong.
He's probably going to smash in his kitchen, though, at this point,
just to get in the mix with you and how you're living.
Yeah, keep up, Luke.
I'm fucking scrambling eggs and taking shits, buddy.
Let's go.
We've got a double guest episode for you today.
We have emergency backup goalie David Ayers, and the good
thing is we got him after he had already done the media
car wash. We didn't get him in the middle of that where
he was probably a little bit robotic mode. We got him after
he went through that process, so we
probably got some fresh stuff from him there. He was
really interesting to talk to. We also have
Peterborough Pete, Akeel Thomas. He's
LA Kings draft pick.
He's currently playing in juniors, like I said, with Peterborough.
He scored the winning goal in the last junior tournament.
So we had him on.
Real nice kid.
Interesting to talk to him as well.
So we got a little mixing up for them, right, Biz?
Very well spoken.
And even the story he has, right?
This is a young guy, and he's seen a lot.
So credit to him for his work ethic and where he's gotten.
I was just blown away going to David Ayers.
I personally believe after this, during the quarantine,
that blow dryer sales will skyrocket.
I'm going to leave it at that.
So very excited for you guys to hear these two gentlemen.
There you go, Biz.
All right, let's get a little bit of news first.
We'll get to this.
The NHL, they have that team's self-isolation period.
It first was March 27th.
Then it got moved to April 4th.
Well, it's been moved to April 15th at this point.
It's April 1st.
We're recording this.
That's just two weeks away.
So if I was a betting man, I'd probably say the next date is going to be sometime in May.
I can't imagine people will be out of isolation by then.
But there's no need to get them out of it.
I don't think they're going to.
Let's see. Ottawa Senators, they mentioned that four additional members
of their traveling party in California before the season went on pause,
tested positive for the virus.
But, however, everybody's fine now.
Everybody got tested since then, and they've all recovered.
They're home resting.
So send best wishes to those folks.
But it just shows you, like I said, it's kind of like whack-a-mole.
It's still popping up here.
We mentioned other teams, so I think it's only fair that we mention the Oilers
and the Flames have also announced temporary layoffs in their buildings
for the Flames.
Calgary Sports and Entertainment, who owns the Flames, the Hitmen,
the lacrosse team, the Stampede is basically similar to Toronto.
They have a 60-day temporary layoff for certain personnel
as well as salary rollbacks.
The company says about 150 employees, about half its full-time staff, have been given two weeks notice of the layoff, which will be effective April 13th. The remaining staff will
have salary reductions from 10 to 25 percent. And the Oilers, they have one of those conglomerates
too. The Oilers Entertainment Group says it will have a temporary staff reduction of 139 employees,
effective April 13th, as well as a compensation rollback for all of the staff. OEG says it will have a temporary staff reduction of 139 employees effective April 13th, as well as a compensation rollback for all of the staff.
OEG says it has created employee assistance funding to help its staff,
and combined with the government programs, i.e. unemployment, I believe.
OEG says staff will receive anywhere from 75 to 90 of their salaries.
The Oilers senior hockey and business executive decided last week they would forego
from 50 to 100 of their compensation during the crisis.
So pretty,
uh,
admirable,
uh,
gesture there by those guys.
So,
like I said,
other teams we've kind of not picked on,
brought the news on.
So,
you know,
we want to keep tabs on that to play fair,
uh,
and Admiral or Admiral Vladivostok has officially announced that they will
not be icing a team for the 2020,
2021 KHL season.
Uh, the team is pulling out due to financial issues. that they will not be icing a team for the 2020-2021 KHL season.
The team is pulling out due to financial issues.
Local funding is getting moved to fight toward the virus,
and sponsors are facing their own financial issues.
And the team said their sole focus right now is youth development for the time being.
The goal is to return to the KHL in the foreseeable future.
So we'd like to keep everybody up to date what's going on.
What's up, Whit?
Well, I just think of the guys who maybe had a two,
three year deal with a lot of old stock,
especially as an import,
you know,
that that's brutal.
So just to see teams full,
then you got to imagine,
especially in the KHL where there was already,
there already is too many teams.
There's going to be others,
you know,
let's hope it's,
let's hope it's not a lot,
but that just shows that teams are, aren't able to keep things running. If, if something like this,
uh, has gone down. And just to piggyback you guys, this is our episode reminder,
healthcare professionals, everyone who's being affected by this and, and, and, and joining in
the fight against it. Um, we're thinking of you lot of people are getting hammered by this in many ways than one,
and it's shitty.
All right, boys, we're just talking about vodka.
Everybody knows vodka is big in Russia.
Some vodkas are made from potatoes, but you know what else you get from potatoes,
right, Biz?
McCain dipping wedges.
They're great right now for midday snacks.
Everybody's home.
You've got access to a kitchen. It's not like you're in the office anymore. They're easy right now for midday snacks. Everybody's home. You got access to a kitchen.
It's not like you're in the office anymore. They're easy to cook up for the family. If you
got little ones, boom, throw a couple of wedges in, you're all set. Or if you're having a virtual
happy hour, if you're a single guy or gal hanging out at happy hour with your friends online,
a couple of dipping wedges, boom, throw some guac on them, a little ketchup, a little cheese,
whatever works for you. It's dynamite. They're a new and unique fry solution. It's cut in a V
shape. They're the only V shape out there there it allows you to load up whatever you want like
i just said whatever topping you like a nice crispy texture on the outside a little soft
texture on the inside so whatever you like throw it on once again mccain dipping wedges good stuff
love my all righty all that but i was i was wondering where you were going with the vodka
i'm like you better not have another vodka than our boys at new amsterdam
yeah have you really had a potato vodka potato vodka no it's pretty common i thought it was all
made from potatoes no what's it what else would it be made of vodka um whatever type of grains i
guess i i used i don't know i don't know if it's uh i wonder what the healthiest kind is yeah i'm
not sure but you know we mentioned some of the negative stories,
but there's also the silver linings, like we mentioned,
and we want to draw some attention to that.
Biz, the Arizona Coyotes GM, John Chayka,
he said that apparently him and his wife,
they own 14 Wendy's franchises up in Ontario.
Oh, shit.
They're going to donate and deliver at least 1,000 meals to frontline workers
fighting the spread of the virus.
And back in Arizona, the Coyotes also announced that Chayka and CEO Aaron Cohen are going
to donate 20 of their salaries over the coming months to support relief efforts.
I mean, that's a pretty nice gesture right there.
And Chayka said, quote, it's a unique time.
Community is important to us.
So we want to do something.
The next two weeks, it's going to continue to get tougher.
We have those people on the front lines who are risking it all really right into the eye of the storm it's incredible to watch
their bravery and their sacrifice we want to do anything we can to support them in any way
so the meals will be delivered hospitals fire stations police stations other locations so
i mean all we can do is tip our cap to your gm they're busy yeah um awesome gesture and like i
think a lot of teams are are heavily involved now in their communities but i know specifically just from being around like the arizona coyotes have their hands and
anything trying to help anybody out uh the players all get together once a year and they build a
what do you call that like at a school habitat of humanity like a play place they put the whole
they you know they put the whole thing together in a day they get there in the morning and i think
they they go they make practice earlier and the whole team goes in a day. They get there in the morning, and I think they make practice earlier,
and the whole team goes and does it, like little things like that.
They do hospital visits all the time.
But I think the NHL in general have most teams involved in everything now
and just helping out the community.
So a very cool gesture by those two,
and I'm sure there's a lot of other guys in the hockey community
doing the same thing.
Yeah, absolutely.
A couple more I want to acknowledge.
And, you know, just because the guys are in quarantine,
they haven't put charity into quarantine.
It's nice to see.
Kitchener Rangers goalie Jacob Ingram, I'm sorry, Ingram,
he donated 5 per save this season, and it was matched by the team.
In total, the Kings prospect raised 26,000 for Hockey Gives Blood
in support of Canadian Blood Services.
So that's another thing I've read.
You know, some local blood banks are running low.
So if you do donate blood or if you have in the past,
check with your local blood bank, see if they need anything
because it's pretty easy to do.
And just to top it off, I was kind of rambling on a little bit.
And the reason why that's happened and they have gotten more involved
is because of John Chyka and Aaron Cohen and Rich Nairn
and their whole staff.
They want to be involved in the community, and it's cool to see.
So that's the point I was making.
What was Chayka's rise to be the GM of the Coyotes?
Where was he at before?
I think that the team not having much money at the time,
and he was with the London Knights.
Oh, okay.
And I think that because the game was headed that way
and this guy, you know, he obviously ran a tight ship.
He ain't, like, I mean, a 27-year-old,
years old, dude, I was going to the Rocks
to try and get my pee-pee wet.
This guy was, like, in the books, right?
Yeah, this guy was sending Americans huge checks
for London.
Oh, you motherfucker.
Hey, come on
just kidding London
hey London I actually love the London Knights
hey we're fucking
we like those guys around here
it's all a big joke
that's the last one that one and the one in the Getzlove interview
um
or no no it was
excuse me
cause he played in London
fuck now I lost the point I was trying to make what were we talking about a couple or no no it was it was boar horvath excuse me uh because he played in london uh
fuck now i lost the point i was trying to make what we're talking about i just like a couple
other guys who've been doing things we want to give them a shout out uh detroit red wings sam
gagne we're talking about john chica so i was just saying it's like that's how he came up and
hey dude he's i think he's done a heck of a job since he's been here so it's like early on you
know that's a bit of an old boys club and they're like who the fuck's this 27 year old all of a sudden the GM of the league you know yeah he's earned I think he's
earned the stripes no doubt no doubt like I was saying uh Detroit Red Wings Sam Garnier he's
doing it's a forgotten harvest it's in the Detroit area it's a food bank up there and
you know there's a lot of people in need it's at forgottenharvest.org if you're in the area or not
in the area and you still want to help out and we've seen our buddy Austin Matthews he cheered
up the kids at Toronto sick children's hospital.
He did a virtual visit with him.
So like I said,
it's good to see these guys are still getting out in the community as much
as they can.
And they've had the,
they've had the guys from each division meet up and then like,
just see,
just seeing them.
It's pretty funny.
I,
um,
Grinnelly,
I believe you tweeted out the clip of,
of,
uh,
Jamie Ben talking,
talking about trying to fight guys constantly and him asking
and then Blake Wheeler confirming that he asked him 20 times one game.
Hey, I'll play the audio right here.
Okay, perfect.
You know, I do a lot of talking on the ice to other players.
And I know me and Wheels have  I think I ask him to fight every game we play.
There was one game you asked  I think we'd face off against each other
like 20 times.
He asked me to fight 20 times.
So you could tell Jamie Benn plays with a little bit of an edge, right, Biz?
Oh, buddy.
Is that not clear by listening to that?
What did he say?
He goes, I had 20 face-offs against him.
He asked me every single face-off.
So that is so funny that you're getting these guys.
And I will notice, I have noticed, excuse me,
that they tend to be getting guys who have had rifts.
Like, well, I mean, Oliver Ekman-Larsen and G. Erdano,
they got like a little thing going on, surprisingly.
Really?
Yeah, they're always yapping at each other.
I don't think Oliver's going to drop him with G.
But Oliver's not one to not chirp back. He's got a
fiery personality. So there's been
some funny banter going back and forth
and that, of course, topping it off
right now.
Chara threw Tuca under the boss saying
you said the smelliest parts.
Just dropping straight up bombs in the
locker room. Hey, I was just picturing
Austin Matthews doing the kid visits,
right? And then you got the FaceTime. And then all of a sudden like he hangs up the call and then the picture backs out
and there's a girl on each arm and he's in his bed he's quarantined himself with like 20 of the
hottest chicks in toronto he's he's at the penthouse of the ritz carl no he's about to hang
up and then like the nurse is like fine he's like hold on then he's like go ahead the penthouse of the ritz carl no he's about to hang up and then like the nurse
is like fine he's like hold on then he's like go ahead beebs and he just goes over to beebs
beebs had made him like stop with her oh okay all right all right wait isn't he can we talk
about that he's married now oh beaver's married he's married come on yeah that hayley baldwin girl
even i knew oh i knew that i knew that i knew that and it sounds like you can't keep tracking celebrities and their and their marriages and you guys know that's true it sounds like at
the end will actually says that we gotta like when when the moderator says have you guys fought
and they both say not yet and then will i think will goes we gotta i'm pretty sure he says that
i listen well i mean well smiling but it was pretty funny to go back to wit if you were a
little bit more dialed in,
you would know that Justin Bieber is very strong in his faith,
and I believe so is his wife.
So I actually think this one might go the distance, all right?
How much do you want to bet?
There has to be a time period.
I think they go at least, at least minimum.
I mean, like I said, when I say the distance, I was talking about Hollywood times.
You're talking about the distance, and then you're giving it.
What's your minimum?
Well, in Hollywood, 10 years is the distance.
Okay, that's the distance.
So let's say you're so confident.
Would you meet me at another nine years?
I say they're at least married another nine years.
That's a big difference in the distance, though.
I mean, I know you just said that, but the whole point of being married.
I'm saying the distance is when you're six feet under.
Biz is now giving them nine years.
Like, what are we talking about here?
You're proving my point.
Okay, so I will pay fine if they get the point.
All right, 1,000.
If they're still together on April 1st of 2029, you win.
All right.
Okay.
I don't know where the fuck we're going to be when it happens.
We're going to get all takes exposed.
This isn't exactly like good karma.
Witt's going to be on the golf course, and it's,
oh, hey, biz, and I'm like, yo, you owe me a grand.
You're going to be on the golf course getting that call,
but I'm coming for that 1,000.
Hey, boys, we we have the i don't
know if it's an annual poll or what but the nhlpa players poll came out and uh this is always fun to
talk about especially players get to dig on other players here to the surprise of nobody uh our boy
ky keith yandere was voted voted the funniest guy in the league with 18 of the vote followed by drew
dowdy with seven marshawn got 5.7 the vote in, five, Phil Kessel with 4.7 came in fourth.
What's up is all those votes were because of that chair picture in his, uh, in his, uh,
his little movie, his real estate, his real estate listing, his little underground beat
off layer that was on a MLSC website or whatever you call it. Okay. Wit. And I was going to ask
you about this one. So I obviously let KY rag on me,
and he was shitting on my scarecrow tattoo.
I don't know how I didn't bring up his tattoo story.
Do you know his tattoo story?
It's one of the best.
It has to have been told on one of his previous episodes.
I don't think it has.
So next time we bring him back on, which will probably be next month,
we'll get him and Hazy on.
But we'll have to get Hazy to recite the story so he can remember them
on the podcast this time.
But we'll get KY to tell his tattoo story because it's worse than the Scarecrow.
Yes.
He'd want me to tell it right now.
Okay.
All right.
Well, then let it fly.
he'd want me to tell it right now.
Okay.
All right.
Well, then let it fly.
Him and two buddies, one of whom was Chris Bork,
went down to get tattoos together.
And they were getting, I believe it was a cross,
with your name through the cross.
Okay?
Sick, guys. Yeah, I was 16, Cushing Academy, Penguins.
Go get some tats.
So Borky goes first.
Beautiful tattoo on his back shoulder of a cross and Bork.
And then I'm assuming Keith said, I'll get the same thing,
because Borky or Billy Ryan came flying in and was like, stop, stop, stop.
Oh, my God.
And Keith obviously thought he was messing around.
He's like, yeah, right.
He's like, no, no, no, stop.
And the guy's like, what?
And he had B-O-U through his cross instead of Y-A-N.
Suck it, Yance.
So incredible biz that you didn't think on your  see, that's the thing.
He thinks on his feet.
It took you three weeks, but yeah. Well, no.
Keith Yandel then had to put a tribal sign through war because
he couldn't get yandall oh yeah i'll take the same thing as him so he got he got a cross with
a tribal thing going through it that is worse way worse than a scarecrow so one i thought everyone
was having such a good time listening to ky rag on me because I think that I don't mind being the punching bag.
But the fact that I didn't come back with the fucking cross with the tribal
freaking barbed wire.
Oh, that would have been him and Pamela with the hammer.
Do you remember that movie barbed wire?
Did you watch that one, R.A.?
No, I'm familiar.
Pamela Anderson was in it.
I'm familiar with it but no i never
actually watched it believe it or not i just i was all right we talked about uh we remember your
last episode you asked the all right hamiltons i never gave my answer for like my come up
she was still in that level of like oh god i would like i'd come in three seconds if i went
her but like that i would love to but then she But then when the Tommy Lee shit started coming out,
then it was like, oh, okay, this girl's a bit of a slob tart.
But she owned a chunk of my spank bank for a long time.
Yeah, she was one of the first women you're like, oh, my God.
That's a woman.
What is that?
She was the
I wouldn't even know what to do with it.
She was Tim the Tool Man's tailor, like side girl,
that helped him out on the show when he was chopping wood
and building little playhouses.
Yeah.
Do you remember that show, Biz?
I mean, all right.
You had to have been a huge Baywatch fan.
No, not really, dude.
I mean, it was cheesy stuff.
Dude, like I said, I not only had Playboy when I was 14,
I worked at a video store when I was 16.
How fucking dare you? I was like the porn guy. I have worked at a video store when I was 16. So I was like,
I was like the porn guy.
All my friends needed VHS porn back in the day.
Are you saying you don't like cheesy stuff?
For the most part,
if I don't think I'm going to enjoy some,
I am picky.
I know I'm snobby with stuff.
I'll be,
I acknowledge that.
Like I,
I don't watch like cheesy shit.
Like they watch cheesy as all get all.
Plus it's,
if it needs smart to it,
I had a VCR in my room.
I didn't,
I thought the acting was on par with breaking bad hey all right i got i got throttled a bit for my comment
i know i think i talked about this dumbest thing you've ever said no listen i think the overall
acting in ozark is is at a level better than breaking bad. I think Breaking Bad, I don't think Pinkman was the best actor.
That role was right in his wheelhouse.
I thought he played a pretty great role.
Yeah, it was right in his wheelhouse.
But he'll never get a role like that.
He was like, remember Tony Soprano, James Gandolfini?
That role was perfect for him.
He grew up in North Jersey.
He was born to play that role.
That's like Jesse Pinkman.
That's what I'm saying.
And I think that you can kind of tell,
whereas I feel like a lot of the actors in Ozark,
they could play a different role.
That's what I mean.
I just think the acting overall is better.
Tomato, tomato.
But we should send it over to David Ayers
because we do got two interviews, boys.
So without further ado,
we're going to send it over to the e-bug, David Ayers.
Well, our next guest, he epitomizes what it means to become an overnight sensation.
Plucked from the Zamboni and inserted into an NHL crease against his hometown Leafs,
he stopped eight of ten shots in 28-plus minutes,
and he set an NHL record in becoming the oldest goalie to win his debut at 42 years young.
It's a pleasure to welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, David Ayers.
Thanks, guys.
It's a pleasure to have you, man.
Have you had a minute to catch your breath yet or what?
Yeah, finally.
Finally, I got a couple days here to chill out.
Yeah, at what moment were you like, you know, after the game,
you'd be like, holy shit, like, was there a particular person, a show,
like, where you kind of, like, really had to, like, step back
and be like, wow, what's going on here? Yeah, I think, well, the next day I was on the ice with a show like what were you kind of like really had to like step back and be like wow what's going on here yeah i think uh well the next day i was on
nice with a couple of leafs guys and i got a phone call from the carolina guys today we're on a plane
to to the uh new york city nhl want to do a bunch of stuff with you and i'm like what what's
happening man i thought i was going to do a couple interviews and go home right but that didn't uh
that didn't happen david i have to admit, I don't know if you've heard this,
or if you've listened to the show,
I absolutely hammered the Maple Leafs on a live bet when you went into the game.
I'm very proud to get to talk to you and admit to you,
I thought you were just going to suck, and you were amazing.
So you could say, suck it, you loser.
Well, it's true.
You know what's funny?
You're not the first person that said that to me.
I know a couple other guys that have lost a few grand on that game
and they jumped on live betting and put a ton of dough on the Leafs.
But I'm okay with people losing money and me winning.
Well, you know, I said, wait, how old is the guy?
And my buddy read the tweet he said 42 i said are you
kidding me so it was like double it was just you just you just you dominated so you shut everyone
up but i mean i i think it was it was when who knows what's going to happen we're talking after
the the nhl season has been suspended obviously who knows what's going to go on but it's the story
of the year so far and and to just like to to, to get to think about that now, when you got time,
I mean, it must shock you, shock you daily.
Yeah, I think it's really cool. It's different.
Obviously you guys know how it is,
but it's different when you kind of live it as opposed to people watching it.
When you live it, it's not, I don't know,
sometimes as exciting because you don't get to do all those,
you don't have all those emotions of watching the game because you're right in the middle of it.
But I went back and watched it, and I was like, holy shit,
I was terrible on the ice.
I don't know how they didn't score 15 goals on me,
even though they only had 10 shots.
I was brutal.
My technique was so bad, I was just so nervous out there.
So if you watch the game, you get excited about it, right?
I didn't listen to any of these interviews
because I knew we would eventually get you on,
and I want to hear it firsthand.
Let's go back to, like, let's say even pregame meal.
Like, do you get called often to end up being the emergency backup goaltender?
Is it every game? Do you switch off shifts?
And then did you get the call earlier that morning?
And then just lead me into the full day.
Yeah, no, you get it scheduled at the beginning of the year last year did every single game and including a couple of playoff
games and then uh that was i didn't do all of them this year i think in total i've done between 25
and third well the season's not quite over but 25 and 30 this year uh so i knew what games were
going to be mine and then you know you just go there and the wife goes with me and
we go to the concession
stands, we crush a sandwich
in the stands and then we watch the game.
It's just a routine where you
don't actually think you're going to have to get dressed. That's the third time
I got dressed actually this year.
But obviously the first time I had to go in.
What were the other two times that
you got dressed?
Freddie got hurt.
He had that neck injury a couple months ago, I guess now.
And another one was Detroit when Bernier got hurt.
So those are the first two times you've ever been on the NHL bench.
At that arena, you guys are kind of off to the side, right?
Yeah, we just stand in the standing room section.
But it happened last year as well. I think Crawford was sick in the middle of the game when I went in. I just got dressed in the standing room section but it happened last year as well i
think crawford was sick in the middle of the game when i went in i just got dressed in the room with
the guys okay so you mentioned you're sitting next to your wife is that the case every time where
they give you two tickets you bring your wife or even sometimes you bring your buddy or is it is
it always your wife that you bring yeah she comes to pretty much all the games. I've taken my brother, I think my mom, to a game as well.
But yeah, she's usually at every game with me.
She gets tickets.
And of course, when you end up going down,
is she getting excited every time?
Is she like, oh my God, this could be the chance?
Or is it like, oh, okay, well, this is kind of pointless.
Yeah, good luck, honey.
You get voodooed off the goalies.
Go get them, babe. She's a nut bar. Yeah, good luck, honey. You get voodooed off the goalies.
Go get them, babe.
She's a nut bar.
She's a nut bar.
Have you seen her tweets?
She's off the hook, man.
I tell her, relax on the tweets.
She's like, chill out.
And then, sure enough, I go in that day, and there's like this epic tweet that I had no idea about,
but all of a sudden she's got 20,000 followers on Twitter.
Yeah, I was going to say,
if they make the Disney movie about your life,
they're going to have to clean it up for Disney. I don't want to get to her Twitter. Yeah, I was going to say, if they make the Disney movie about your life, they're going to have to clean it up for Disney
when they get to her Twitter.
Yeah, she's out.
She seems like a real ride-or-die gal,
though, and she's been incredibly supportive
of you during this whole thing, huh?
Yeah, she's the best.
She loved the Leafs before
I even came around, and
she comes to all the games, supports me
all the time, and comes to the practices.
And the guys love it because they're like,
oh, this is the rocket in the stands, right?
So they always cheer me for it.
But we went to the Saskatoon,
we went to the Saskatchewan Rush lacrosse game
and I'm taking a picture with the guys
because I did the morning shoot around.
I went net and I took a picture with the guys after.
And one of the guys was like, I want a picture with you.
I want a picture with your wife.
And so then I take a picture with her. So and the guy's like I want a picture with you I want a picture with your wife and then it takes a picture with her so you know she's a rock star
I want to go back to the game so um it rarely is it when you guys end up going in then of course
there was an intermission between the second third so you go in the locker room I know there
was a story told about one of the guys coming up to you and you know calming you down maybe a little
bit I just want you to go through that as well.
Yeah, so I kind of sat down.
I was obviously a little bit rattled, not doing very well,
and Reimer came and sat beside me.
He's an awesome guy.
If you've ever met James Reimer,
he's probably one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet.
He just came and sat beside me.
He's like, don't worry about it, man.
He's like, you're a goalie. You know how to make saves.
You're with these guys all the time.
Just kind of block out the crowd.
Just have a lot of fun. This is your moment.
Just enjoy it. It was great.
At what point in the game did you start thinking, I should probably start
stretching here?
I think
after the second goal, I was thinking I probably
should have stretched before I even got out here.
But holy, you don't even have
time.
So then right after the game,
I thought the Bryndamore speech was awesome, right?
I mean, like, can you even really remember back to your thoughts
immediately after?
Or was it just such a Russian whirlwind you don't even remember the moment?
Yeah, you don't really remember it.
You know, I remember him doing like the speech,
and I think when I came in, even in the dressing room, I turned the wrong way
because they had me in one stall, and after the game,
I was in another stall, so I was kind of in the middle of nowhere.
The guys were super pumped, and then Rod comes in
and gives a great speech.
Everything after that was somewhat a blur.
You're taken here and there for interviews and all this stuff.
I think it was an hour and a half before I even got out of the rink. It's crazy.
Who's got the biggest muffin on the Leafs?
Who?
Oh, the boys are going to
hurt me on this one.
I don't think I can let that one out.
I don't even know who it is. Forward or D-man?
Forward or D-man?
I'd have to say forward.
Okay, right shot or left shot?
USA or Canadian?
Ooh, Canadian.
This is like the game guess who,
and you just got to start hitting the things down.
That's all I can give you,
because next time everybody say,
I'm going to take one off the forehead.
All right, so with the Leafs,
are you the guy, like, if a goalie wasn't feeling good,
would you come out to practice and skate with them?
Like, what's your connection to when you started getting to know all these guys?
Yeah, so a couple of guys, one of the strength,
you just named the performance guy,
actually was on my release performance last year.
And then when he kind of went up to the Leafs, Rich, he said,
hey, Dave, do you want to come out and do some stuff?
So obviously Freddie plays a lot of games, and they want to kind of give him a chance to relax and whatever.
So they pull me in.
I do a lot of skill stuff with them, and I stay for practice and all that.
So it's basically like five on O's,
which they don't want to put any other goalie in the net for,
and they just do one-timers all day long
and doing all the forward stuff.
And they just put me in there as target practice,
go home with five or six bruises, and call it a day.
So you've got to be honest here, okay?
You've got to give it to me.
Give me the truth.
You're a big Leafs fan, and you get in the game,
and the Leafs need points.
Did it at least cross your mind,
I could really help out my home team right now?
Yeah, I thought, you know, maybe let a few in, which I did.
I can't say I didn't try and help anyways.
But Carolina shut it down.
They played so well.
You have both arguments covered.
Yeah, exactly.
And that's why I made a few saves.
It wasn't my fault.
Hey, have you got any death threats from Leaf fans yet?
No, but I always get the old, I'm a big Leafs fan.
I hate you right now, but I think it's a great story.
And that's the typical thing you get when you go out.
You've had a few funny situations with the Leafs,
and I did a little bit of digging.
Do you remember the three-on-three tournament that Nathan Phillips Square,
that the Leafs had?
Do you remember that situation where you needed a little help from the boys?
Yeah.
Yeah, that was actually a great time.
But, yeah, word of advice, don't leave your skate cards on when you're stepping on the ice.
That's for sure.
So what, you end up playing in this thing and you go ass over tea kettle.
Who had to skate over and come help you out?
Oh, I was, yeah, I wasn't even thinking about it because you're working so long.
You know, skate cards all the way from the rink to the city hall.
And then I bailed and tried to make it, you know, as nice as I could.
And I think Nylander was right there.
And I was like, Willie, take off my skate cards, man.
Oh, so you're bitching around Willie.
Oh, yeah.
They were laughing.
He was laughing so hard.
So he helped me out.
I just joked around about making a Disney movie.
Have there been any talks about anything like that?
A book, a movie, anything along those lines with other media?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's ridiculous.
I think, you know, the agency is looking at so many different movie options, books like crazy.
And then I think HBO might be doing something like that.
They've got a lot of stuff going on right now.
It's just obviously slowed down with nobody being able to leave their house.
But, yeah, there's so much stuff going on right now.
with nobody being able to leave their house.
But, yeah, there's so much stuff going on right now.
Okay.
Hey, if they end up doing a movie and you get to pick the main character and also you have to pick the one who would play your wife,
what actors are you going with?
And don't tell me you haven't thought of this shit in bed with the old lady yet.
You guys are already counting the dollars.
Don't even get me started.
I think she thinks of it more than I do, to be honest with you.
But I was talking to the people at the agency, and they were just like,
maybe Ryan Reynolds or someone like that would be a good guy to play, you know.
But I don't know.
I don't really think too much of it.
Jeez, I mean, you've got to be a little realistic.
You've got to be a little  Ryan Reynolds,
you're going with the hottest guy in the world?
Yeah, yeah, why not, right?
Why not?
It's Hollywood, right?
And then Margot Robbie those two can
yeah that'd just be perfect yeah exactly except you put them on the hockey hall of fame you put
them on a six-week workout regimen you're like you know I need you a little little more jack to
play me buddy yeah yeah yeah and he needs to learn how to play a net too hey so if you're
if your wife asks say you said charlie starin would play her
yes she would probably love that one actually all right yeah you're welcome tall they're both tall
yeah i got you a i got you get out of a forgot a valentine's day gift card right there
thank god she doesn't like valentine's day that's the best part about it oh wow she's a
what a gal valentine's day i'm lucky eh yeah lucky, eh? Yeah, I know she is. Yeah, I'm lucky.
I'm sorry, go, Whit.
No, I was going to say, like, your beginning and where you played growing up and in junior and all that, kind of what was your background in the game?
I grew up in Whitby.
I played rep hockey all the way through,
and then I kind of went through a couple of junior B camps
where I went, like, one or two days, and I was kind of,
I don't want to do this
you just played seven days a week for the past year and all of a sudden you know you jump right
into another camp I didn't really want to do it so I just ended up playing beer league with my
with my brother and and those guys for a while and then I just stopped when I had a I went to a
different a couple different camps like I went to east coast in Tallahassee just kind of practice
for a week or so or two or whatever it was um and then I went to San Jose Pro-Am Camp and then I went to Federal Hockey League Camp
and all this.
And then I had my kidney transplant.
So that kind of stopped everything.
Well, A, we'll get to the kidney transplant.
I just want to ask you quickly about the Federal League and what was it like when you were
there?
Because they just ended up having that huge, massive brawl that I'm sure you saw that has
gone viral.
Yeah, it was crazy.
So the guy who was supposed to start the Federal League,
this was before it actually started now.
This was probably 2002 or 2003.
And the guy had all these teams picked out.
We were going to play in all the big stadiums.
These guys were coming up from the coast,
and they were all trying out for it because they wanted to live in Canada
and kind of be around people.
And apparently the guy just pissed it all away, pissed all the money, didn't pay the rent out, and they high-b out for it because they wanted to live in Canada and kind of be around people.
Apparently, the guy just pissed it all away.
Pissed all the money, didn't pay the rent out,
and they high-boxed the league.
That's what I heard.
We heard you're a big blow-dryer guy, too. That took a dark turn.
I was just trying to ask you about your experience.
Holy shit, man.
We're going to be dragging some people through the mud, are we?
Okay, all right.
Well, I don't remember the guy's name,
so I don't even think he probably remembers at this point.
So it doesn't really matter.
There was this fake name.
It was like a catch me if you can situation.
Yeah, exactly.
He's in the Bahamas.
Yeah, most likely.
How panicked were you when you got on the Today Show?
And that red light goes on live. Carson Daly, all those people.
Were you cool, calm, and collected,
or was your heart rate just dialed up a notch?
No, I think I was totally calm.
And I guess it kind of surprised me in all the interviews.
Yeah, in all the interviews, I kind of just talked to people like they're friends.
And I think that's the easiest way.
And I didn't realize how big the Today Show was until I got to the set.
And you realize how many people watch this every morning?
I said, no, I'm Canadian.
I've heard about it and I've watched it before,
but you don't really realize how big it is, right?
So I think that kind of helped me just kind of not knowing.
If you know that it's huge,
then you're obviously going to get a little more nervous.
Did you get chirps from Austin Matthews?
Who chirps who in that situation when you're practicing with the Leafs again?
I mean, he got one by you, but then you made a big save on him
and kept the lead intact.
I thought Taveras scored on him.
Did Matthews score on you too?
No, no, Taveras and Engel scored both goals.
Okay, I fucked that up.
Hey, Dave, that's our journalist on the podcast right there.
That's him, buddy.
He's just flexing his muscles.
Yeah, no, Austin's awesome.
The two of us actually did a promo video for the Leafs on the Wednesday
beforehand, and he was shooting blocker all day,
and they wanted him to score and then kind of jump into the glass.
He was shooting low blocker the whole time, and I'm like, man,
I know he's going to go low blocker. He shot one.
That's the one that I had to jump back on the puck after.
He's such
a good dude. He's
such a fun guy. He loves the game.
It was awesome to be
on the ice against him. I always talk
about the way he shoots the puck. Now, as a
goaltender, is it insane how
he drags it and changes the angle?
Is it as hard to save as i think it would
be yeah it's ridiculous how it comes how fast it comes off his stick and the accuracy is crazy you
give him you know just a little puck width over your shoulder and it's in a net right so uh you
give him anything that that's in the net he's he's so good what what was the night like after? I mean, what was the celebration?
What did you do, like, post-game?
I'm 42, so I'm like a grandpa in hockey years.
I got a bag of blow.
Took a nap.
Me and my old lady took some other lady home.
It was pretty good.
I felt like a rock star.
That's kind of why I wanted Ryan Reynolds playing me as a movie character.
Who played on the Maple Leafs?
That's just the norm for that team.
It's boring.
Yeah, it was quite boring, actually.
I just drove home and shut her down, to be honest.
But I had lots of chances to go and have a party.
But, man, 42, you play in a game like that, I'm in pretty good shape.
I work out all the time.
I'm on the ice all the time.
But you don't realize how much it takes out of you during a game.
Only a half a game at that, too.
Yeah, plus you're riding the high from the game, too.
That beats any buzz you'll get from booze.
Yeah, it was all jacked up.
Who was the one person you heard from afterward where you're like,
holy shit, dude, I just got a text from such and such?
Yeah, I think the next day, like, Dallas Eakins texted me.
And that was one of the first ones.
Not one of the first ones, but when I woke. And that was one of the first ones, not one of the first ones,
but like when I woke up, it was one of the ones I saw.
And he just said, you know, it's awesome to see,
like a Marley guy kind of make it.
And that was a cool text from him that he actually took the time
to text message me.
It was pretty wild.
We mentioned the Hockey Hall of Fame a few minutes ago.
Didn't you have an item sent over there after the game?
Yeah, they took my stick, and they took my stick right out of my hand
pretty much as soon as I walked into the dressing room and said,
hey, we need your stick.
You broke a couple records.
So I'm not going to say no.
Oh, no, absolutely.
That must have been stupid to say no.
You won game, and you got something in the Hall of Fame?
Yeah, half a game.
And Scott Foster's in there, too. I think his stick is right beside something in the hall of fame yeah half a game and i'm about scott foster's
in there too i think his stick is right beside mine in the case over so well i should say one
game so far i know the season's not over yet and i'm not old too old to play i know what's his face
uh the baseball player suiting up for the e-bug next week oh they had him scheduled then larry
walker larry walker, which is kind of funny
because everyone's chirping you about your age,
and he's a decade older than you,
so I don't know what the big deal about the age was.
That's the funny thing I found.
They wanted to change the rule after I went in,
but I won the game, so what do you change
and what rule do you want to change?
Exactly, man.
I thought they made way too much of a big deal about that.
That's true.
Dave, you mentioned your kidney transplant.
What year was that?
And kind of take us through how that all went down
because what a scary time that must have been in your life.
Yeah, it was crazy.
I had my transplant in 2004, but I was sick before that.
It was a little bit rough.
I had no idea.
So, yeah, in 2004, I found out that I had, well, 2003, and I had it in 2004,
and obviously think that's the end of your hockey career,
sports in general, really.
It was intense.
You feel like you got the flu the whole time.
They call it a silent killer as a kidney failure, right?
So you end up, you know, I was probably three, four months sick all the time every day.
And I'm like, what's going on with me?
And that's why I said I waited too long to go into the doctors.
And so I had strep throat every year as a kid.
And I guess it ends up eating away at the inside of my kidneys and killed both in the same time.
You're down and out in a hurry.
Then you got to wait in the hospital and see if you can get a donor.
My mom pulled up right away and said,
how do I get tested? Let's do this.
They got her tested and away we went.
Do you try to bring as much awareness to it as possible?
Because you just said you waited too long.
I think there's a stigma about men like, suck it up and just like you know battle through it and you know we kind of
had that competitive spirit sometimes or you know ended up you know hurting you at the fact of
catching it a lot earlier yeah that's the problem you know i think obviously if i took it to they
felt sick if i went in and they did the test and stuff like that. But it would have been all right.
Or they would have been able to at least, you can't really reverse kidney damage,
but they would have been able to kind of stop where it was.
And I probably would have had 50 between both,
which would be more than what I am with one kidney that's my mom's.
But like you said, guys always want to be a tough guy and suck it up.
But at that point, you kind of have to give in a little earlier
and take care of your own self.
How long was it before you felt like yourself again after the transplant?
You know, the weird part is the next day, you felt like you had so much energy.
Obviously, you've got this giant cut in your abdomen,
but your energy level just went through the roof
the next day and uh you have to wait like i was probably i don't know six eight months before i
was feeling better but i lost 100 or i lost 40 pounds went to 160 from 200 so um that was a
tough part you know i go home and my shirt fits on me like i'm a coat hanger, right? There's nothing to fill it out anymore.
Wow.
You might not want to answer this one, but, you know,
given what happened around the Toronto Maple Leafs this year and you being around the team before and after the fact that Babcock got fired,
how much of a difference could you notice in the players
and their attitudes and the way they enjoyed coming to the rink?
And I'm not asking authority on the bus,
but could you physically see how big of a difference it made?
No, yeah, you can see it.
There are two different coaches.
You know, Babcock's obviously a good coach.
He knows his stuff.
You know, his track record proves it. But Sheldon is a younger guy.
He's more of, I'd say, like a hip kind of coach
where he comes in with a different style
and wants guys to enjoy the game and kind of be a little more creative and uh so guys love that guys you know
guys love playing shinny and if you're on you're practicing at the end of practice you guys play
three on three how much fun do the guys have being able to chuck the puck around and dangle
everybody so you know you let the guys be creative that's how they got there so uh yeah i think it
was i think it was great obviously they're having a little bit of issues getting used to the system,
but I still think it was a big difference.
Oh, shots fired.
Hey, put the headline, Grinnell.
Hey, David chirping the Leafs again.
He's rubbing their nose in the shit.
This guy owns the Leafs.
Hey, it's really gone in your head, eh, man?
Jesus Christ.
No, well, you know, they're all good guys.
From the top to the bottom in that
Leafs organization, even the Marlies boys,
they're all great dudes, and
it's such a great
organization, right? So, you know,
you always have to have a little fun with them.
Who owns you the most on the
Leafs, and vice versa, who
do you own?
Ah, man.
I was on the ice with Marner when he was coming back from his thing and he was just he undressed me it was upsetting you know I kind of wanted to sunburn on the neck at one point but
you're only saying that you want like a Red Bull fridge in your kitchen or some shit
no that guy he's such a great dude and but his hands are just disgusting and how fast he can
stop and make you go a slight ready to crease.
But I don't know if I own anybody on the Leafs.
I can make the odds save here and there,
but these guys just rip it past my head all the time.
Clifford, that's the only guy you're owning.
Yeah, I was on the ice with him actually when he first came in there.
Marty, yeah, he's a good guy.
He's got a hell of a shot.
I remember one day we had the radar gun.
We had the radar gun out in practice,
and he steps up right out of the change room
and takes one shot 102 miles an hour,
and he kind of just skated away, right?
Wow.
I didn't know he shot it like that.
Oh, yeah, he can rip it.
Wow.
We heard you're a bit of a modern-day Billy Chabot from Slapshot.
You're a big blow-dryer guy.
Is that true?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Blow-dryer is the best.
I'll lay on the ground with a blow-dryer and fall asleep.
It's the best.
And obviously, who's going to take a juice if they're putting a blow-dryer on?
Can we back this up here?
You said you would lie down on the floor and take a nap with a fucking blow dryer?
Oh, yeah.
On your face?
No, like just on your body.
It keeps you warm.
Have you tried it yet?
No, I don't want to burn my house down, Andy.
Okay, so now we're starting to feel you really are a goalie.
Okay, this is getting a little bit weird now.
This is what happens, people.
They come out.
They come out of their shells.
The more you get them to talk, the more crazy shit you're going to hear.
Yeah, but now you're going to go home and try it.
I'm telling you right now.
You're going to take a deuce, and you're going to put your hair dryer on facing you
to do the best experience you've had.
So you're just, in the wintertime, you're just, like, letting it go on the ball sack
and, like, on the ass right before you throw on your boxers?
Everywhere.
Everywhere. Everywhere.
It gets you warm.
You know, got to get rid of the moisture.
Do you have the old lady sometimes blow dry you?
Yeah.
Only after NHL wins.
Yeah.
Yeah, I told her the other day, I said,
can you, my feet are killing me.
Can you rub my feet?
She's like, no.
I'm like, come on, I'm high profile.
She was just like, shut up.
Beat it.
I could just picture it now in the movie.
Ryan Reynolds and the director having a conversation.
It's like, hey, I need you to just blow dry your nut sack.
He's like, what? What was with this guy?
This guy's a psychopath.
He's like, is this a serial killer movie?
Pretend you're an old guy at the gym. I'll just wait for you guys to text me and be like, is this a serial killer movie? Pretend you're an old guy at the gym.
I'll just wait for you guys to text me and be like,
man, that blow dryer trick is unreal.
It's going to happen.
Last thing we'll talk about, you're an 80s music nut.
We were talking about music last podcast, actually.
Who are your favorite bands?
Wow. Wow.
Wow.
I don't know if I have a favorite band from the 80s.
I used to be a Michael Jackson fan
when I was younger.
Before
everything went all crazy, but
the younger Michael Jackson.
Yeah, more mud.
Yeah, well.
The guy's a great
artist. The guy's unreal. He was just one of those things. When, well, you know, the guy's a great artist.
The guy's unreal, you know.
He was just one of those things.
A young kid.
My brother and I were just kind of dancing around.
He was more of, like, the Def Leppard kind of guy,
and I was more into, like, the RB kind of stuff.
So you're going to quarantine yourself
and watch Rockstar with Marky Mark five times a day?
Yes. Yes.
Yes.
I actually haven't seen that, but I should probably watch it.
Oh, man.
It's an awesome movie.
I mean, if you like 80s rock and you haven't seen that movie, that's the craziest thing I've ever heard.
You're going to love it.
Yeah, I'm going to watch it.
A lot of big one-hit wonders in the 80s, too, like bands that they had one, two good songs,
then they didn't hear them again.
But, I mean, you brought up MJ.
I know it's a fucking odd topic, a tough topic now,
but he was the biggest star of the planet.
There's no one who's, I don't think, approached him since then.
Yeah.
Well, there's another one, like The Outfield.
You know them?
They're a pretty good...
Lose Your Love?
They got a good team.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the one.
They got that. Yeah, that's the one they got.
Yeah, that's a good team right there.
David, last one I got for you before we let you go.
Of course, you've been able to monetize the success.
What's the coolest thing you've received because of this entire situation?
Well, I'm driving a brand-new pickup truck right now that Old Mill Chev and GM in Toronto gave me.
They're awesome
down there i'll do uh he's the owner president there he he kind of contacted me and he said hey
man i want you to drive one of our trucks around and uh go to all your appearances and one of those
so those guys are awesome actually going there tomorrow to do a few things with them so i'll see
them and then uh my empire hunting buddies they uh they just suit me right up with all their gear
right so they're uh then they always i think they always message you guys, and they're like,
man, these guys are never going to be back.
We got absolutely shit-faced on Pink Whitney's the other day,
and they're loving it.
Tell them we'll talk.
I'm the business guy in the pod.
I'll get the number from you via text, and, yeah, maybe they can.
We're going to bleep out their name the first time here,
but, hey, maybe they can afford an ad read.
Yeah, exactly. Hey, David, thank you so much for coming on, him the first time here, but hey, maybe they can afford an ad read. Yeah.
Exactly.
Hey, David, thank you so much for coming on.
It was really cool.
I was honored, like I said, to lose money to such a cool story, to see
somebody have their childhood dream
come true. Although, don't even fucking lie.
I know for a fact you would have rather had
a win for the Leafs. You can go ring the bell
in Carolina 50 games in a row.
Deep down, you wanted to beat for the Leafs, but instead you got to beat them.
So thank you so much for showing all that story to us and coming on.
Absolutely.
Thanks, guys.
That was a lot of fun.
Big thanks to E-Bug David Ayers.
It was certainly a pleasure to talk to him.
Talk about having your life change overnight with some fluky circumstances.
But I'm glad, like I said, Biz, we got him when we did.
So, you know, he had some fresher answers.
He wasn't in the car wash.
So, all right, moving right along.
We want to send out congrats.
Oh, we're not going to talk about the Ryan Reynolds thing.
We're not going to talk about the fact this guy's putting
that blow dryer up, his ball sack.
His wife is putting up with this.
We need to get her on and ask him about the ball sack.
He's probably listening to this right now with the hairdryer right on his
five ball.
Right on his taint.
Like a 90-year-old guy at the gym, fucking balls down to his knees.
But, no, we want to send congrats to Eddie Lack.
He was in the NHL for five years.
It seemed like he was for 10 years because he was on social media all the
time.
But he had a pretty funny, it was like a multi-tweet retirement announcement
that he kind of poked fun at himself
or showed some of his career lowlights,
but he seemed like a popular teammate.
But anyways, he hung them up,
so we want to give him congratulations
and best wishes going forward.
I think he's the goalie coach for ASU now.
Oh, well, he's no dummy, huh?
What's that?
He's no dummy, huh?
Well, he's got a place here.
I think he, God, this is so silly of me.
I don't know if he played in AZ at any point.
No, he played Vancouver, Carolina, Calgary, and New Jersey.
He played.
Oh, okay.
But I think he lives here.
Yeah.
So he jumped on board with them.
And, I mean, they got a great pipeline.
I mean, I told you guys, sometimes I run into Mario there.
Yep.
Lemieux.
Yep.
Hey, how cool.
Do we even talk about how awesome that little tribute you did to him was
when he came back?
I think we did talk about how people liked that one.
You're the star of the show.
I'm kind of working on one right now a little bit.
Now, working on one, by that I mean I thought,
oh, maybe this one would work, and I haven't done anything since.
But it's in the pipeline now, Biz. It's in that
brain, and it's moving around.
Oh, that's why you're the star
of the show. You can do that. Did you guys see
or have you heard this 8D music
with headphones in?
No, what is that?
So, you just
have to Google 8D music
or whatever. Pick a song.
I don't know if every song has it but you
put the headphones in and you pump these tunes and i for four guys who have three guys who haven't
heard this set i'm gonna sound crazy but the music basically goes around your head and you hear it
louder in different sections of your brain and it's it's it's just an insane experience listening to music like this so
everyone but what made me just think of this damn it what you i don't know man we just went to a
different galaxy no you guys are gonna be like did i hit the weed too hard is this no you guys
are gonna be happening i'm telling you right now you have to have headphones and 8d music i went
to youtube that's where i did it and then just put them in biz and call me after.
You'll be like, what was that?
We need to get our podcast in 8D.
How the hell did I get there?
What were we talking about?
Oh, we were talking about the player.
We were talking about the Lemieux thing I did.
Yes.
Okay, we're back.
And I was talking about how I had a new plan.
I was working on something else. But by working on it, I really wasn't.
I was just thinking about it.
And then I thought of my brain hearing the music on different wavelengths,
and that's exactly what led me to that.
Holy shit.
Oh, my goodness.
That's how my brain works.
The fact that you made us wait to explain all that is ridiculous.
Hey, and I'm proud of you for finding it,
finding what you were looking to think of.
Like I told you,
there's no time limit right now.
What else are we going to do?
So in terms of like cutting things,
usually that one,
I'm going to make everyone listen to me rehashing how I thought of
something.
That was probably a point that nobody wanted to hear anyways,
until you listen to eight D music.
Thank you.
Hey biz,
we know you can't tip your bartenders these days,
but you can still tip a few back.
And when you do, you want to make sure you have your DHM detox.
Right, Biz Nasty?
Oh, God, that was so clever of you, Wynn.
I really like that ending there.
DHM detox, the all-natural hangover prevention pill, guys.
All-natural, okay?
So it's an extract from a chinese plant and it's scientifically
proven that'll break down the toxins of the alcohol before they get to your liver liver
so you just fucking take it when you're drinking i double up on it i haven't been drinking as of
late but when i was i would do this and then all of a sudden I needed it. And I didn't wake up with as much
anxiety. Their hashtag or their slogans, no days wasted. Well, fuck, I got to work all the time.
So I like taking it. I've had friends who have liked it. I've had other friends say,
ah, I didn't really feel it. I think you should try it. So a lot of people have messaged me the
next day and say, hey, what was that stuff you gave me? Number two most often question I get asked about this podcast
is does DHM detox really work?
Try it for yourself.
I say to all of them, give it a shot for yourself.
You can't guarantee it, but it's for sure helped me feel better
on mornings I thought I'd be hungover.
Try it, and if you don't like it, you send it back.
It's a risk-free trial.
Fucking rights.
Let's roll, baby.
Can't beat it.
Yep.
It's like you said, 100 risk-free on your first box.
If you don't feel better after taking it,
they refund you on one box.
It's a no-brainer.
Also free shipping in the US.
And we're also, of course, going to hit you with the promo code
because it's biz.
Just head over to dhmdetox.com.
Use the promo code biz20 for 20 off.
That is dhmdetox.com for no days wasted after drinking. Boys, I think we should-
You guys, hold on. You guys are the worst co-hosts and listeners of all time. I said number two,
most asked question. None of you say what's number one because I had number one teed up.
Number one is how much do you make from this? And my answer is not enough.
So I would have had a nice little joke there.
Had one of you morons.
Sorry, number one question.
But instead, I had to go into the joke I had.
Oh, shocker.
I'm a moron.
Break listening, guys.
Ding, ding, ding.
You win.
Do you want a prize?
We know.
We're fucking idiots.
What do you want, a cookie?
And then when people start taking our topics and our opinions seriously, I'm like, dude, I'm a fucking idiot. I don't know. We're fucking idiots. What do you want, a cookie? And then when people start taking our topics and our opinions seriously,
I'm like, dude, I'm a fucking idiot.
I don't know.
I just say it in the mic.
Some of you think I'm smart, and other of you think I'm idiots.
Welcome to the show, four fucking morons.
Welcome to the National League.
Yeah, no shit.
All right, without further ado, we're going to send it over to Akil Thomas,
a great young kid we talked to.
Hopefully you enjoy it.
Our next guest is currently a center for the Peterborough Peets
of the Ontario Hockey League.
He was taken in the second round of the 2018 NHL draft
by the Los Angeles Kings.
And I'd say the biggest feather in his cap is probably scoring the tournament
winning goal for Canada at this year's World Juniors.
Welcome to the show, Akil Thomas.
Thank you.
Thanks for having me on.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
So what are you doing to keep yourself occupied during this time of no hockey
anywhere on the planet?
Yeah.
You know, it's obviously weird.
You know, we're just talking to the group chats and stuff.
You're hearing a lot of different stuff with just the guys.
And, you know, some guys talking about if we're coming back, if we're not,
if our season's done.
So last few days I've just been hanging out.
I ended up going to Kingston to visit some friends at Queen's,
so that was pretty fun.
But, yeah, no, now I don't really know what to do with myself.
I'm just hanging out.
And we can get into the hockey, but I think if people don't know,
this is a good time for you to be able to talk about your other venture,
and that's your clothing line, Zale it's called, right?
So you have something that's going on otherwise.
You can keep busy.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, I just like keeping busy, and I'm a guy who, you know,
I think about hockey pretty much 24-7.
So if I can ever, you know, do stuff that doesn't involve hockey
and take my mind off it
it's pretty beneficial to me what's the story behind the clothing line yeah um you know obviously
I um you know I started when I was about 15 and uh basically I started selling like um hockey
t-shirts when I was about you know 13 I just kind of started off as like a you know a
hobby and just sold it to you know my my teammates and my school mates and just did it for like no
side money I ended up I actually uh you know took the subway to school every day in Toronto and back
and you know bus tickets uh you know obviously they're only like two bucks but you know they add
up and um I was always a kid who I kind of wanted to do things on my own.
Like I didn't really want to ask my parents or, you know, bus fare.
I just wanted to, you know, make money my own way.
And that's just what I was doing when I was that age. And, you know,
at the time I wasn't really thinking, you know,
maybe I can start something that, you know, can last till after hockey.
But when my dad retired, actually, like,
he kind of went through a tough
time where he didn't really know what to do um he was kind of depressed to be honest i think and
it was uh it was weird because you know my dad went from being uh you know a professional hockey
player and you know signing autographs being you know the big deal around time around town to being
you know someone who kind of had to start life over again
and you know start the real world and i remember like there's a couple times when i was younger he
like left our house and you know went uh i don't know what it was maybe counseling or something for
a few weeks at a time and it was just a tough time for him and um during those times he'd always tell
me like you gotta you know plan for after hockey and get your education.
So I think that's what kind of led me into making sales, something legit.
And obviously now it's been popping off lately,
and it just kind of started off as a hobby,
and now it's kind of taken a big percentage of my free time away from the rink. So it's pretty big now.
When you said you were, I'm brain dead,
but when you said you were selling NHL t-shirts,
were you making those or were you getting other ones
and selling them like when you were 13?
So yeah, I was just making like basic t-shirts
with like stupid slang on them.
Just, you know, different sayings that, you know,
we're throwing around the locker room and stuff like that. And just little like stupid t-shirts that, you know, different things that, you know, we're throwing around the locker room and stuff like that.
And just little, like, stupid T-shirts
that, you know, like 13, 15-year-old
kids, like, dig. So, kind of similar,
like, just basic gong show
T-shirts, basically.
Okay.
You bounced around the States quite a bit
as a young kid. Like, you just said your dad played
minor pro hockey, but you consider yourself
a Florida kid. Is that correct? Yeah. You you know I lived in a lot of different cities but like Florida
is where I started playing hockey legitimately and um that's where I kind of came from but you
know now I've lived in Canada for like seven years now so I kind of came from Toronto as well it's
kind of kind of weird but yeah I'm definitely from Florida. I loved it, living
down there, and that's just kind of where
everything kind of started for me.
I read two different places nowadays, DeAnthony.
You don't know who to trust. Was it Orlando
or Brandon that you grew up in?
I actually grew up in
Kissimmee. It's kind of in the middle
of that
area, but I just had a
it says like Brandon, Florida for just like a... It says, like, Brandon, Florida, for
just, like, I had to put it down in
the address for, like, USA
Hockey or whatever, so
I'm actually not even from there at all.
Okay. Who was your team growing up? Who'd you
root for?
Yeah, probably the Leafs, just because
I always had that connection to Toronto.
My family's from here, and
growing up, I was always watching the Leafs
and always coming to Canada for Christmas
and watching the World Juniors and watching the Leafs a lot.
So definitely the Leafs.
Akil, I want to go back to your old man.
I'm sorry that your family had to go through that.
It's nice to know he's doing better
and he was able to teach you a very important life lesson very early on.
And he dealt with it firsthand.
Now, of course, that drew your attention to get into the clothing line.
Do you have any other interests that have stemmed from, of course, now exploring the mind and figure out what you might like to do after hockey would be done?
Yeah, I have a lot of different interests in a lot of things.
But obviously, fashion is one that I've kind of taken my first step in.
And to be honest, I've been a fan of this podcast for a while,
listened to a lot of them throughout the years.
And just from playing in Niagara and going back to Toronto
to see my family on weekends and stuff,
I needed something to play in the car.
So I'm actually starting a podcast actually with a buddy of mine and a family friend of mine.
I don't know if I'm supposed to say this or not, but it might be ran through the NHL,
through the NHL network or whatever.
It's going to be pretty big.
What we're really going to focus on is being a of, you know, being a black hockey player and kind of, you know, the positives that are with that.
And, you know, I just, you know, if you're on a team and like there's one black guy on the team, I just feel like there's a lot of funny different things that, you know, people might not understand that come along with that.
And we just want to, you know, get together, tell some stories and stuff like like that so that should be up and running in the next few weeks actually so i'm
pretty excited about that but do you mean in relation to the fact that like well and i'll ask
you this question in in the midst of it like do you deal with any type of racism in the locker room
or have you ever and are are you kind of insinuating as far as the podcast is concerned more like
making light of the situation that there's clearly a you know a difference in color but like there
shouldn't be like any type of awkwardness we're just we're all human here yeah yeah um you know
obviously you know this season there's a lot of uh a lot of stuff in the media um uh regarding you
know racism and hockey and all that and um i don't even need to talk about that.
Like you said, I just want to make light of the situation.
People might think, oh, a black guy playing hockey, racism.
But no, I want to focus on why having a black guy on the team
or an Asian guy on the team or a minority
helps the team dynamic and brings the team, you know,
together. And I think that's actually, you know, a thing personally for me,
like I've never on a team environment,
I've never been treated like I was any different. Like growing up,
I never really thought I was a black hockey player.
I just thought I was a keel and I was, you know,
part of every team I was a part of. So there, there was, there was a funny thing actually, when I was a keel and I was, you know, a part of every team I was a part of. So there was a funny thing, actually, when I was younger.
I was playing a tournament at Cheswood in Toronto,
and I remember I started the game pretty hot.
Like, I had two goals in the first, you know, like, 10 minutes or something.
Not a big deal.
And this kid came up to me.
Thank you.
Yeah, actually, Wayne Primo was my coach, actually.
Never heard of him.
Yeah, so this kid came up to me on the ice,
and he was like, you should go play basketball.
And I never really dealt with racism up until that point,
so I didn't really know what to say.
I didn't know whether I was super mad,
or if I was like, i didn't really know what i
thought so i just said maybe you should play basketball because like you're pretty shit hockey
and um so basically that happened and um you know like you know those uh you know those tryouts for
like like team canada when you're like 16 17 yeah uh did you do your 17s or anything yeah i did uh yeah i did under 16 or 17 okay so uh for one of these uh one of these things i'm not gonna you know say who it was or
or what it was but um i remember like my my uh this this guy that i met for the first time is
my roommate um for the tournament i literally just walk in the room and we're just talking and
uh randomly he's like hey Hey, like, has anything,
has anyone said anything racist to you like on the ice? And I'm like, well,
I basically just told him what I just said. And he was like, well,
to be honest, man, like, I just wanted to make sure, but like,
that was me and like, I'm so sorry about it. And I was like, Oh shit.
Like, no, no problem at all. But, um, to this day, like we're,
we're pretty close now, but, um,
it was just funny because he was saying,
obviously in the moment, I was pretty pissed that we were losing and stuff.
But I didn't mean it and all that stuff. So it was pretty funny.
And I think we're kind of really good buddies now because of it.
And it was pretty funny that in the first five minutes of meeting him,
basically said that was me.
So it was pretty crazy.
That's an incredible story.
That goes a long way too in showing that making a brutal mistake,
as bad as that was, his life wasn't ruined because of it,
and he came to learn how stupid it was and how ignorant it was.
And then the fact you guys have become buddies,
that's an incredible story right there.
Yeah, I think like we see each
other now it's like we kind of have that bond because we're just like you know we're boys now
so it was pretty cool so you mentioned uh playing for team canada and you know thrill of a lifetime
dream come true you score the game-winning goal in the gold medal game this year in the czech
republic uh did you have a chance at making last year's team or was it more focused on this year and this was your one chance
you got it done?
Yeah, well, last year
I had a pretty good season.
I think I did have a
chance, but
I think four days before the Canada
Russia series, well,
actually in the summer
showcase, I got invited to that.
And I ended up separating my shoulder at that camp.
And I was sent home because I couldn't participate.
And that was obviously shitty, but I was hoping to have a good season.
And the Ice Dogs were a really sick team, so I thought I had a pretty good chance.
And then a couple of days before the CHL versus Russia series,
I ended up dislocating my shoulder and tearing my
labrum. I was out for
a couple of weeks there and I couldn't
participate in those games.
I pretty much knew I wasn't
going to get an invite to
the camp in December after that
just because of my history
of shoulder problems there.
I don't know if I didn't injure myself
if I'd had a chance or
not but um definitely had a pretty good season leading up to that and um you know obviously i
was pretty pretty uh pissed i didn't really have the chance but you know obviously the the second
year came around and um obviously everything happened perfectly for me there and um you know
i'm glad i was part of that too uh bring me through the process so
when you get selected for the team before like the christmas tournament is there still cuts to be made
uh actually our situation was a little bit weird um we had you know aiden dudas on our team who
like broke his hand a few weeks uh before the camp and like no one knew if he was going to be able to
participate so basically before we went to europe like um we had a you know when the teams were made
we came to this room and they said congrats stuff but uh they said like you know two two guys are
coming to europe with us and uh there's no guarantee that you know they're going to be on
our team uh because it kind of depended on i think if if doc is going to get sent back and if uh dudas is going to be able
to play so basically two guys came to europe with us and like they didn't know if they're on the
team or not and actually one was one was my roommate so it was uh it was pretty tough because
i didn't know man you know when something was going to happen and And it was just a weird dynamic because in practice,
like obviously they might be, you know, competing for a spot with each other.
No one really knew, you know, what the dynamic was.
And obviously, luckily, Aiden Duras was able to play.
So that was good.
But yeah, it was just kind of sucks.
So how many of these guys were on the bubble?
Or was it kind of the mind frame of everyone had to think
they still
had a spot to lose even when they were over in europe i like they told us like two guys were
on the bubble like they announced like the team who were definitely on it and then they told us
like these are the guys who may or may not make it so i kind of thought i've heard these stories
of like they got to wait for the knock on the door and and that's like oh yeah and and
that's the way they did it for under 18 i think they fucking did it to torture us you know you
gotta wait all night for the knock come on man yeah i know so that was like a different process
that was before i was roommates with conor mcmichael and like we were losing our mind in our
in our room uh we were watching like tsn live and they're announcing cuts and we're like refreshing,
like Bob McKenzie's Twitter,
like every five seconds,
like just looking through the hotel,
like window thing.
And just hoping like no one was walking towards the doors,
like literally the scariest thing in my life.
It was nuts.
Akil,
I want to go back to the draft.
Now,
central scouting had you as the 10th rated North American skater,
elite prospects, other draft experts had you as the 10th rated north american skater uh elite prospects
other draft experts had you go on top 20 you end up going to the kings with the 51st pick toronto
was actually the next with the 52nd pick uh so when when your name got called did you have mixed
emotions at all because you were that close to toronto uh were you pissed off or was it just
pure joy because you finally got picked yeah um you know a lot of different emotions into that um
you know a lot obviously the the first day i went there and i was you know really hoping to go
uh like you know the expectation i think for me and my family was to go at some point in the first
day and we actually had plans like for the second day so um just i had so many people come like i
went to the draft in an rv with like 12 people
or something it was outrageous and a couple of my my really close buddies and uh it was just a
great experience and obviously we went there and uh obviously i was kind of you know disappointed
it was tough um you know just with everyone there and i just kind of felt like I disappointed everyone but um obviously I got up
the next day and it's like whatever um and I was you know open I was still gonna get drafted to an
NHL team at the end of the day and you know that's obviously unbelievable and um I ended up going to
LA and I think that was definitely the team I wanted to go to um at the end of the day and I was
super happy super pumped so it was weird like day. And I was super happy, super pumped. So it was weird.
Like the night before, I was really disappointed,
like really, really upset.
And then I get dropped to the team.
You know, I wanted to, and it felt like I didn't really care anymore.
So it's been awesome.
And, you know, it's been fun.
Why do you think you dropped so far?
Honestly, I don't even know.
I'm not too sure to be honest um i mean i i thought i had
a pretty good uh pretty good draft here i had a lot of points and played a lot on my team so i'm
not too sure um i don't really know i could feel your pain though man because i went to the draft
in nashville and i thought i was going on the first day, and then eh, eh.
And not only did I get drafted second day,
I got my suit stolen.
Oh, shit, really?
You made out one better than I did.
Now, if you know Danny Fritchier, have his number.
Tell him I want my fucking suit back.
That's nuts.
I couldn't imagine that.
All right.
I got to go back to World Juniors,
and you guys got blown out by Russia in the round robin, 6-0.
And then you're down two in the third period of the gold medal game.
I mean, what was your kind of approach after the beating you took in the first time you guys faced them?
Yeah, that was crazy.
Like, after we lost 6-0, obviously, like, that was
I think that was the worst uh loss in words in your history
Canada's like that is a big deal then we were getting ripped like on Twitter like our goalie
Nico Dawes was getting shredded on insta and everything like that so yeah that's one for the
but like after the game we were walking back to our locker room and we have to like walk with
them it's kind of awkward and like they were like they were like chirping us and stuff so
you know i just thought like it'd be awesome karma to play these guys in the finals and beat them so
um obviously we got rushed in the finals and um you know we're really excited to play them
obviously we just lost them pretty bad and um we down 2-0, but I didn't feel any panic on the bench, to be honest.
We were all cool.
It was kind of weird.
We should have been panicking, but everyone kind of believed
and we could come back.
We just kind of did it piece by piece.
Obviously, it was a pretty interesting game to watch
and a lot of different things happened.
At the end of the day, we just kind of relaxed, and we did it.
And I don't think anyone was surprised we came back, like, on the bench.
We just  there was just a weird vibe to us.
We were just  we were calm.
Was that goal just all instinct?
I mean, you didn't have much time to think.
The puck just kind of popped up there for you, and you kind of walked in,
made a nice little move backhand, see you later, good night, Jim Kite.
Yeah, well, like, on the bench, like, I knew
I, you know, I wasn't going to get
that many more shifts in the game. I think there was, like,
10 minutes left at
this point and, you know, I thought, you know, I'm going to
have a little more shifts, maybe, and
when I get out there, like,
I would just tell myself, like, I'm going to score. Like, I
must have said it to myself, like, 25
times. It was nuts.
And I think Barrett Hayden got hit.
And I knew someone had to, like, go on the ice for him.
And I just, like, I stood up and I just felt Dale's, like, eyes on me.
I just felt like he was going to call me.
And obviously he called me and I was like, shit, like.
No way.
I'm going to do this right now like
come on i'm gonna go on the ice and score so um i remember i get on the ice and like i don't remember
the beginning of the shift or anything like that like i just remember i just had so many like nerves
in me because i was telling myself i'm gonna score like so much that like it just like happened uh
puck obviously just kind of bounced off uh i think mcmichael
stick in the neutral zone there and i like i i don't know if you guys saw this but i kind of it
went off my toe like perfectly and went between like the d's skates which would never happen in
like a million times if i tried it again and then um i thought the goalie was going to come out and
like poke me but i had too much speed i think and um i just kind of panicked and
like even like when i was little like when i whenever i was uh in too close i'd just go back
and so that's just what i did and like i've never felt like that ever obviously i just like i don't
really celebrate after goals but like i fucking went crazy after i scored that one when did the
conversation between you and Coach happen?
Did you lock eyes as soon as you got back to the bench?
No.
Did he come over?
Did he say, holy shit?
Because there was obviously a connection there.
I know exactly what you're talking about.
And he might have been like, fuck, I don't even know who I was going to call.
And then it makes eye contact.
He's like, okay, you.
You know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
don't even know who i was going to call and then it makes eye contact like okay you you know yeah yeah i like i know i know he was thinking like about it for a while because you just know like
when your coach is gonna like make his next call but he was like waiting a bit and i could just
feel him like looking at my jersey it was weird and after the game after we were doing the interviews
and stuff he comes up to me he's like i just I just, I don't know why, but I just knew you were going to score.
Like, I had a feeling.
Come on.
It's crazy how everything worked out that way.
It was just nuts.
Damn, I got some chills here.
Listen, these guys aren't going to respect it
because they're a bunch of American fans here.
I respect it, Biz.
How many world juniors are you playing?
You talking about respect?
I respect that tournament.
That's true.
You know what I was surprised to see?
When we played the U.S., like literally felt like we were in Toronto or Calgary or Montreal.
We didn't really see that many USA fans.
It was a home game for us.
It was crazy.
Oh, my God.
I love to hear that.
That is great.
Can you say it again?
Can you repeat that?
Akil, Akil, Akil, don't repeat it.
We get your
point well i'm dual so i mean like i'm just i'm talking from both sides here like it was just
so you've been to uh how many uh la king's training camps because i played that organization
it is 10 out of 10 unbelievable people yeah yeah i've been to two. It's been, obviously, it's been great going to these camps
and meeting these people and working with the development staff.
It's been unreal.
I think you're at one of my games, actually, this year against Arizona.
You're talking to the coaches before the game, I think I saw you.
I don't remember that.
Like a preseason game. Oh, that's right, yeah, yeah. Oh don't remember that. Like a preseason game.
Oh, that's okay, yeah.
Oh, Mike Stutters.
I was talking to Mike Stutters in the hallway.
Excuse me, yes.
Yeah, I remember seeing you.
Listen, if you don't break right into the NHL,
if they re-sign him, which I believe they will,
unbelievable coach, man.
If you work hard for him, he's an honest guy and he's fair.
And I think if you follow his direction,
you're going to become a very good professional hockey player in the NHL.
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah, I love that guy.
I was pretty scared of him my first camp.
I was kind of scared of everything.
But when I got to kind of know him and got more familiar with him,
I definitely felt a lot better.
And I did a lot better in my second camp this year.
So, you know, I'm looking forward to, you know,
hopefully getting coached by him.
He is a very intimidating man,
and he used to be a lot worse back in the old days,
but he's smart and he's slowly adapted.
Oh, boy, this guy would use Reddit.
He's changed his game, Biz.
Oh, he's changed his game.
But, hey, he taught. He whipped me into shape buddy uh but uh
what other questions you have for him what i'm sorry to hop in there hey akil i want to ask uh
which current or former nhl player would you say your model your game after or your game resembles
the most yeah that's a good question that's a really good question um thank you no i i really
like the way uh a guy like braden point plays uh
like i my dad coaches in the coast so he has like access to instat like this program where i can
watch like anyone's shifts and um can see what they're kind of doing so i get my dad to send me
a lot of shifts of braden point and that's someone i really want to try to model my game after but
um i think a little bit like Nazem Qadri too.
You know, the Kings, they want me to play a little bit more,
like a little bit more gritty, you know, tough, compete more.
So I'd say like maybe Nazem Qadri or Braden Point kind of in between.
But I'm also like, I can play wing.
And I think I'll probably play wing a little bit as I get in the pro here so um that's a different question as well for that but I think
right now I want to play like Braden Point and Kaji. I was going to ask you about that system
of where you're watching the clips now Adam Oates does a lot of stuff like that is that
something that you've worked with in the past or do you work with your old man doing that type of
stuff in the summertime
where I would imagine, like Braden Point,
you're trying to expose areas of the ice and be smarter with the puck?
Yeah, I mean, obviously I've heard of Adam Oates and guys like Balfry
and guys like that, but I haven't worked with them personally yet.
That's kind of something that I definitely want to in the future, but just haven't really had you know the the type of money that kind of
do that yet but hopefully in the next few years yeah I want to I want to definitely work with
someone like that that'd be awesome and yeah I would see my dad with my dad he kind of does
that stuff for me now obviously he's uh he's uh a, you know, hockey guy. So, yeah.
I was going to ask you about Shane Wright in Kingston.
Have you had a chance to face off against him and how good is this as a double
underager?
Yeah. Shane Wright. Wow. He's a,
I played him a few times this year and like before I played him,
I was probably, I was thinking like, this kid will be pretty good,
but I don't think he's going to be that good.
Like, he's 15.
But, no, like, he's just, like, disgusting.
It's crazy.
Like, you look at what he does on the ice,
and it's just, like, there's no way a 15-year-old should be doing this,
like, against, like, 20-year-olds.
Like, 18-year-olds.
Yeah, and he's Canadian.
Yeah.
This has been the biggest pro Team Canada podcast yet,
and it's good because I'm getting out of weight over here, 3-1.
Yeah, no, he's a real deal.
Obviously, I think he broke, I think, David's record in the O.
So, obviously, he got an A in his first year as well,
so that's pretty unheard of as well.
Obviously, he's going to be a player for sure.
I'm actually pretty excited to say that I'll play against him
and I'm pretty excited to see what he does in the next three years.
Yeah, I'm really excited.
Last question I'll ask you is about your team now.
I mean, you got moved over to Peterborough.
How did you adjust and, I mean, were you really enjoying it
before this crazy situation happened?
Yeah, honestly, I love Niagara.
It's kind of like an area where I think now,
like in maybe 20, 30 years, I want to settle.
Like, honestly, I loved it a lot.
Really good billets.
Really tight with uh
you know the ice dogs staff and um i literally see myself coaching here one day to be honest i
just had that much fun and i just feel so attached to the city so um it was really tough i getting
traded peter bro um really really tough to be honest and i think like as soon as i got to peter
bro i just kind of fell in love with peter
rowe as well um really good billets there as well like the boys are awesome i've never been a part
of a team where like the guys literally just want to get together and go to someone's house like
every day so it's kind of different for me and yeah like we're literally like last weekend um
we just all went to my house,
and we, like, I played, we played blackjack, and I was a dealer.
Oh, nice.
I think we did that for, like, five hours.
Smart guy.
Did you lose or win?
I won.
Like, I was the house I'd rinsed everyone, so it was a good night for me.
But my boys were vying back in, and they're trying to battle back,
but it just doesn't work.
And so hopefully we can do that again.
But, yeah, it's been a really good time in Peterborough.
Really good guys.
Like, never been a part of a team who's so tight.
So I'm pretty lucky for that.
Do you play other Cod games as well or just Blackjack?
Yeah, there's actually, like, obviously I play Niagara,
and we went to Fallsview quite a bit.
And there's actually a casino in Peterborough.
And we play, like, you know, roulette there.
We play.
Well, there's nothing else to do, really, in Peterborough.
We just, you know, practice, work out your thing,
and eventually get to the casino at some point of the day.
I want to ask, have you ever been fortunate to meet Willie O'Ree?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I've met him a couple times.
There's actually a black hockey documentary that I was a part of,
and he was definitely one of the focuses on that.
And there's actually, I think, a second one coming out.
But, no, I met him at, like, the first airing of it.
And, yeah, it's been awesome talking to him
and obviously trying to take his lead
and trying to accomplish things
as a black hockey player as well.
Yeah, what does he mean to you as a black hockey player
and other black players?
Yeah, like the world.
Obviously, my dad kind of prepared me
for anything I might have to deal with
just for being a black hockey player growing up.
And I haven't really dealt with that much.
And it's because of a guy like Billy O'Ree
and what he accomplished through all that stuff.
And he was trying to make the NHL and he paved the way.
Obviously, someone had to and he was strong enough to do that.
Obviously, hockey is my life, and I couldn't really imagine not having it.
So he means the world to me.
Do you remember going to the rink with your dad,
hanging out after practices or games,
or did he retire when you were too young?
No. Yeah, I do.
I think he retired when I was, like, 10, so.
Oh, that's awesome.
Funny story, actually.
I never really went to daycare.
Like, I literally never went to daycare.
I'd go to my dad's practice with him every day,
and I remember the days I was tired,
I'd literally take a nap in front of, like, the heater in the locker room,
and then someone who'd come off the ice
early would wake me up and i'd know what i'd put on my skates and get my stick and go out after the
guys were done practice so i kind of grew up just skating like every day and um you know i was that's
just kind of why i'm kind of obsessed with hockey nowadays i just kind of i grew up just loving it
and i grew up just looking forward to, you know,
when the next time I was hopping out on the ice by myself.
And actually, when I was younger, my dad was at the end of his career, and at the end of his career, he played defense.
And so I'd watch my dad play defense.
So, you know, when I was younger, I wanted to be a defenseman.
I remember just doing, like, deep drills when I was younger by want to be a defenseman i remember just doing like d drills
when i was younger by myself just having the ice myself so even now like i still kind of want to be
a defenseman but no coach growing up really let me so um i wouldn't be surprised if one day i
i uh played d wow interesting how's your backwards skating? Is it that good? Yeah, I think it's pretty good. Okay.
Yeah, I mean, like at the CHL process team,
I was first in like agility skating,
which is like the forward, backwards, like whatever.
So I think I'd be a pretty good D for skating.
All right, get a prop bet for that
if you can end up playing a shift or a game at 4 and D.
Akil, you sound very proud of your old man,
and he's raised a tremendous young man.
And we can't thank you enough for coming on this podcast
and sharing those stories.
And I really think this is going to make a big impact
on the hockey community.
Yeah, yeah, no problem.
Thanks for having me on.
It means a lot to me, obviously.
Before I go, actually,
this year with the Ice Dogs,
we had a couple of D injuries, and I actually ended up
playing two games on D.
In the first game, I had 29
minutes on D, so it was
crazy, but that was
probably the most fun I've ever had playing
in a hockey game, like, ever.
Because you don't have to skate.
You can just chill.
You know, you can just play a game in a rocking chair, Akil.
Well, you get the puck, like, everything's just in front of you,
and you just kind of make plays happen,
and, you know, obviously you don't have to forecheck and stuff.
You just let the play come to you, so it was pretty fun.
And that was just a genius hold-on biz.
He's wrapping up the interview like,
let me remind you of my 29 minutes
just genius marketing by you but it's such a cool story to hear what you've done off the ice
what you've done on the ice and and where you're headed so thank you so much for coming on it was
a blast no problem thanks for having me on i appreciate it huge thanks to akil thomas for
joining us for a nice conversation like Like I said, great kid.
He seemed like he certainly dropped in the draft,
so he'll be a kid we'll be keeping an eye on.
He should have a nice little career for himself going forward.
What's up, G?
And I actually forgot to mention this, but we're going to team up with Akil,
and we're going to be releasing some merch in the future. He's got some really cool designs he sent over to me,
so it'll be a Spittin' Chicklets and Zale collab.
So he's got a real good sense of style.
I've never seen you so excited to hop on the mic there.
I've never seen you wave your finger like, I need to speak.
I owe it to Akil to tell the people.
Holy shit, dude.
You fucking a boner over there too?
Him getting that feeling and the coach knowing he was going to score that goal
was just wild.
Oh, yeah.
That was nuts.
That was Hunter, wasn't it?
It's good stuff. Wasn't it Hunter? No clue. I don't know who was coaching wild. Oh, yeah. That was nuts. That was Hunter, wasn't it? It's good stuff.
Wasn't it Hunter? No clue.
I don't know who was coaching him.
God. I know.
We took a trip to Struggling
tonight by bus.
Social distance bus.
You wanted to mention Big Cat
and J. Williams.
Oh, no. I just
wrote that down because Big Cat was on the yak.
I was listening, and apparently that  I don't know if it's Jay or Jay Williams.
He was unreal busy.
I don't know if you know about this guy.
He went to Duke and was a stud and then I think a real high pick, maybe top five.
And then he got in a motorcycle accident and was never the same again.
I don't even know if he played again.
But now he's an NBA analyst on ESPN.
He's pretty good at that too.
And apparently he brought up  he was trying to think of plans
that the NBA could come back this year.
And he went on this kind of rant or idea of testing the whole league
or whoever's in the playoffs.
This is me retelling Big Cat's kind of issue with what happened in this.
So I'm going on that.
But basically what the guy wanted to do was get the NBA teams on like a huge cruise ship.
I know this sounds crazy, but getting them out and like,
then you could broadcast the games and then they're not around anyone, whatever.
So people started carving this guy.
I guess he was getting just ripped for this idea.
And I agreed with Big Cat who was saying, everyone lay off him.
You're just trying
to think of creative ideas right now to talk about anything with sports. He's talking about how to
get the NBA possibly back. Yeah, it's a crazy idea, but what else are you going to talk about?
Yeah, it's a theory.
I was getting completely ripped. Big Cat at the point like, Jesus, guys, we're just looking to
talk or think of anything. It's going to be stupid, any idea you have right now, but at least it's better than talking about the news.
Oh, yeah.
Exactly.
People are very, very sensitive right now.
People are looking to pounce.
Everyone's really uptight.
It's unsettling.
There's a guy going around Massachusetts taking pictures of people who play in golf,
and now all the courts are closed.
But before, he was sending emails to these newspapers trying
to get like courses shut down like get
a life you loser. That happened
like I'm not going to mention my club
that I'm a member out like
it was you know it's supposed to be closed but it's just
the old guys it's like a retired club
and guys going to fucking hang out the fucking
75 year old retirees some fucking asshole
across the street called and like
ratted on him so they had the cops came and like
didn't raid the place it's a bunch of old guys they shut the place
down like well how many old guys were
sitting in there it was a Saturday
night that was probably probably less than
I would say less than eight people were
probably in there it's a low-key night
and like it's just like the mighty business
they're all old enough where it's almost like hey
that guy can make a decision but
you just to be ratting anyone out
is your point.
Exactly.
Go home, go on Netflix,
and take care of yourself.
I'm just going to do what I can do
and mind my own business.
30 years ago,
you would have got fucking firebombed.
But anyways,
because it could be worse,
you could go to use your credit card
and find out your kids
rung up 16,000.
What night feels like
Kendrick Perkins, eh?
Hey, the craziest part
about this story.
And I think Barstool had an opposed to it is,
um,
is how really nonchalant he was telling the story about it.
Now the story is this fortnight,
you got to buy skins for it.
So that's where these,
the game is free,
but then all of a sudden,
this is how they rope these kids in,
and that's how the parents end up paying.
So you cannot play the game even though
what do you mean?
I don't know.
Maybe they were playing it online,
and they were doing it for something.
I don't know.
Or buying new guns or something like that.
Yeah, coins involved.
What the fuck is going on on these stupid games, okay?
So Kendrick Perkins, I mean mean he's made some decent rules he's
probably got a hundred thousand a hundred or a big uh max on his credit card well his credit card
wasn't working well he calls a credit card and they said oh you have like an overage like there
was a sixteen thousand dollar charge from fortnite his kids had racked up a sixteen thousand dollar bill on his credit card from
playing this fucking video game yeah his career earns like 60 mil per the internet you know i mean
nonetheless no no i know i'm not just there's only how mad would you be at your kid for spending
16 grand on your credit there is only one move if that happens it It's to pull up your iPhone, print out the receipt on your YarnX
or whatever my printer's made out of or the company.
You print it out.
You shove it in his face.
You wrap it up in a ball.
You shove it in his face, and you say, eat that.
You make him swallow and eat the receipt that you printed out
right did you give him a fork and knife you couldn't let him put a little ketchup on it
but you're eating that piece of paper oh thanks and then you're gonna then you're gonna pull the
weeds i would have got i would have got weed duty around around the house and my back doing weeds. Even at 10, I was like 6'2". So weeds after
you eat the receipt. When's the next time he's going to see a friend? The thing is, how old was
the kid? Did it say just teenager? I don't know. I'm trying to think of the age when you really
know you're doing something bad. Unless these kids are like
But if that card's just on  I'm guessing this isn't the case.
I'm taking this kid's side.
Maybe there's a chance that it was this and that.
The credit card's on there, so you're just like, oh, I can buy anything.
You don't even really think about it.
But he probably knew I'm spending thousands of dollars on this game.
He must have been so good at the game.
Yeah.
I'm just trying to think of all the parents that listen to this.
Like it would be the equivalent of you.
Like you get your bill and like there's 3,000 cause your kid was playing this
video game.
If you're a working class citizen,
you're going to,
you know,
3,000 charge on your credit card and you can't dispute it because,
Hey man,
it happened.
Yeah,
it happened.
Like too bad. So sad. Yeah. I think i'd imagine there's a few spoons coming out little brian yandel he bought he bought the same movie five times in a row or rented the same movie five
times in a row along with buying some other stuff for video games i don't know this was a couple
years ago and they called and they're like nope they don't they don't refund you for that
And they called, and they're like, nope.
They don't refund you for that.
Oh, so you're saying the rink shrink got a bill for how much extra? I don't know how much it was.
This was six years ago, I want to say.
But even 100 hurt in your wallet.
It's like, ah.
Yeah, still sucks.
There's a nice dinner with the old lady.
All right, hey, boys.
If you're an athlete, you know how hot it is to find jeans and clothes
that fit you well.
The truth is men's clothes aren't designed for guys with bigger asses and legs,
especially when it comes to jeans.
Well, I have good news.
The answer to your problems is finally here.
Mugsy jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us.
Probably more you too.
Mugsy was started by a stoolie who was tired of having his balls choked out in his jeans.
His goal was simple.
Reinvent men's jeans to look good and feel outrageously comfortable.
He spent five
years working with industry experts and athletes like former nhl player and hobie baker winner
blake jeffron to perfect the fit and feel of his jeans the magic is in mugsy's proprietary denim
which is made from a bunch of high-tech materials that make these jeans mind-blowingly soft and
flexible when i say flexible i mean these jeans are so stretchy you could hit the squat rack in
them no problem.
They're so comfy, they make basic movements like sitting, bending, and kneeling feel like a dream.
No exaggeration, you want to sleep in these jeans.
Even better, Mugsy's coming in a stylish fit that's not too baggy, not too tight.
I got a couple pairs, they're super comfy, and you know how when you look better, you feel better.
Absolutely, no doubt about that.
You want to look good in those for yourself and your partner.
You want to look like you want to impress that boss on that important Zoom call that you're probably doing these days.
Well, then you need to choose Mugsy.
Men's Health called Mugsy the best jeans for athletes for good reason.
Take our word for it.
Give Mugsy jeans a try, and you won't be able to wear any other jeans again.
Mugsy is so confident you'll love them.
They do free shipping and return, so your comfort is 100 guaranteed.
So do your legs a favor.
Head to Mugsy.com.
That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Mugsy's full lineup of jeans and safe-to-wear chinos,
including new styles and sizes, and use the code SPIT for 10 off.
That's a beer on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made
by heading to Mugsy.com using the code SPIT.
Ooh, that's a mouthful. All right, boys, I'm not
sure if you caught this news from ESPN.
They have this 10-part Michael Jordan
documentary. It was supposed to drop in June,
but because everybody's cooped up, they've been demanding
it, like Coley said on Boston.
The internet sometimes bullying is a good
thing, and they bullied ESPN into dropping this
early. April 19th,
it's going to drop. I can't wait for it, man.
I grew up you know that whole
era i still loved hoop back then uh i'm looking forward to this myself i think everybody is i
mean i am i'm gonna bring out the can i brands and stroke myself off to this fucking documentary
it looks fucking incredible yeah they couldn't have picked a better time to drop this thing
when was it planned already again the the trailer alone
is like oh my when they originally dropped the trailer they're like coming in two years and
you're like what yeah i was like you're gonna make me wait two fucking years to see this this
is torture no buddy what are you talking about came out like a couple months ago, the trailer. No, the trailer came out like I would say at least 2018.
It came out like at least 18 months before this thing was going to drop.
And people, it went viral.
It's like, what?
They're telling us now?
So people started going crazy.
I think I was during that era where I was obsessed with the Bulls
and like in Jordan.
Like Jordan to me was like, I think he's fucking way better than LeBron.
The song they came into?
There isn't even a debate.
He's a savage winner.
He's a savage.
Everyone, his attitude, it was gross how much he wanted to win.
Man, he cheated.
I mean, you can call this cheating, but I mean mean if you ain't cheating you ain't trying
the video game thing on the Jumbotron
when he was fucking gambling against his teammates
oh and then he also
they had to deal with the first bag out of the carousel
they'd have big money on first bag out
and he'd always have somebody to pay off
on the side to make sure his bag was first bag out
he's a sick puppy
anything to win
he's a sick puppy so I just Anything to win. Anything to win.
He's a sick puppy.
So I just want to see all the behind the scenes
and the in-depth look on what was probably
one of the greatest dynasties ever, right?
I'm really looking forward to seeing the retirement
and the quote-unquote retirement and the comeback.
Everyone, I think, knows that he was told
to maybe take a seat for a
couple years that's a pretty well-known uh conspiracy ra right yeah i don't buy into it
really yeah i mean like how would how would that happen what's what's so jordan knows someone five
million and what they tell betman like you were gonna make him retire for punishment for two years
betman what i well that's david stern yeah they will they will they basically they will work
together at the nba for while. They were boys.
Yeah, they were boys. No, it's a crazy conspiracy.
But the only reason I bring it up is because I'm saying to see the behind
the scenes of when he retired and when he came back will be awesome
because nobody really  he just sent a letter when he came back
that was like
Hey, we should try to get Bettman on.
Yeah, I'd love to talk to Gary.
Let's get him on. Let's call him gary let's get him on let's call
him let's call him up we'll get him on the we'll get him on the screen too wait your beard is
throwing me off i know you it reminds me of rory b bellows which i know you guys yeah i did so
so the last time i had the beard was cup finals and it was all red now the thing is just so
gray in the chin maybe i'll dye my beard maybe I'll just keep seeing how she looks as she gets thicker.
Hey, off the cuff right now, R.A., if we got Bettman on right now,
what's the first question you're asking him?
What do you think your legacy will be when you retire?
I mean, that's off the cuff.
Okay.
I'm not thinking.
I mean, I would come up with something.
What about you, Whit?
I want to prepare.
Are you wearing those black orthotic shoes right now?
Yeah, apparently he's got issues with his feet.
I was going to  I mean, off the cuff, I probably would have said,
why don't you have a shoe deal?
Because everybody talks about his feet, right?
He's a commissioner.
He should be rocking Yeezys and shit, right?
But he wears those Skechers.
It's like, come on, man.
You probably make 15 million a year.
You've got to up that shit.
Unless he's got a Skechers deal, but no offense.
I'd love to know where he spends his summers.
Yeah.
Somewhere nice, I'm sure.
We should get him on.
And then we'll do a QA.
That should be interesting if we ask people on Twitter for questions,
what some of the responses will be.
Yeah, one out of every 300 will probably be suitable.
Yes.
All right, boys.
Well, hopefully everybody enjoyed both interviews today
and the rest of the show.
And everybody have a great weekend.
Even if you don't know, if it is the weekend,
I'll check you out here Monday.
Yeah, no such thing as weekends.
Everyone keep grinding.
This is hard.
And we're sending all our love prayers to everyone affected by this,
all the people on the front line, but everyone else, grind through this.
And I think of J.B. Spiegel.
Go listen to that interview.
We had him on.
Embrace the suck.
That was the motto.
Just embrace it right now because everyone's grinding through it.
But keep on keeping on, as they say, and we appreciate you so much listening.
So we'll talk to you in a few days.
As always, we want to send a big thanks
to our wonderful sponsors. Big thank you to
everybody over at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink
Whitney. Big thanks to our new
friends at McCain Potatoes. Everything's great with
the dip and wedges. We're loving those.
Big thank you to everyone at DHM Detox.
Hopefully you're enjoying those when you're having a few cocktails.
And a big thanks to Mugsy Jeans
for keeping everybody comfy and snug.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
