Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 259 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
We're heading into another week here, just in case you lost track of time,
because it's very easy to do these days.
So let's check in with the boys, producer Mikey Grinelli.
New York's a crazy time right now.
I hope you're doing all right, brother.
Yeah, what's going on, guys?
Channeling my inner Austin Matthews right now.
Growing a little mustache.
So that's where I'm at in quarantine life right now.
Look like Uncle Rico.
I'll take it.
I'll take it.
It's better than nothing.
He was on Instagram Live today, chilling with Justin Bieber.
I think even Haley,
Haley Bieber made an appearance and then they've been doing a little bit of a
tour.
Gee,
did we have a,
Oh yeah,
we dropped another interview on the YouTube.
We did Ron McClain,
Ron McClain episode dropped on the interview and we were dropping two more
this week,
baby Tuesday,
Friday,
every Tuesday,
Friday,
we're dropping interviews on our YouTube page.
And as of course, as I mentioned, the interview is brought to you by Ken I. Brands.
They did something pretty cool.
They stepped up, donated 10,000 to the ECHL Player Relief Fund.
Not only that, but they're doing a Biz30 promo code that's 30 off
and 10 of all net sales will go towards that same ECHL Player Relief Fund.
Hey, the clip you put of McLean telling that story
of when Cherry just let him talk about the ice conditions
and that Bettman was upset, and then he just sandbagged him
and hammered him when the red light turned on.
Yeah, he's like, yeah, Bettman wasn't too happy,
and Don Cherry's like, oh, really? Oh, interesting.
And then it goes on live and just absolutely roasts them.
So that, of course, you brought by Cannae Brands
for the ECHL Player Relief Fund interview series
that dropped on YouTube.
Subscribe and follow us.
We're going to be posting tons of stuff.
G mentioned on Tuesdays and Fridays.
Are we still posting clips of our interviews like this?
Oh, yeah.
We're still posting all kinds of clips.
So just go to the YouTube page.
We're posting a ton of content at all times. All sorry all right that's all right that of course is paul
biz nasty business and ryan the wit dog whitney checking in boys uh i know there hasn't been a
lot to uh play gamble with lately but some legal gambling there was a horse sunday chicklets dream
went off at three to one uh anybody get a normal what? Except me. I missed it.
Merle's texting me.
I didn't even know what was going on.
It was too late.
And then, of course, the horse won, Chicklet's Dream.
Grinnelli thought the horse was named after us. I think we would have heard a little bit more about that had that been the case.
But, all right, I guess the horse has been around a while.
But I would have watched that thing.
I would have been going absolutely nuts right before Ryder's bedtime.
Would have kept him up another hour as I was down here recording.
But nope, I missed it.
It's kind of the way things are going right now.
This has to be the biggest horse gambling's ever been,
considering there's no other sports to gamble on going on right now, right?
I don't know.
I think it's not a huge crossover, would you say?
Listen, you look at horse odds, and you've got to know how to bet horses,
how the payouts work.
If you're just betting on a team to win an NBA game or cover a baseball game,
it's so different and so much easier to just chuck it on some sports
and know exactly what it needs to happen for you to win.
Besides winning a horse outright, you're trying to win the exact boxes, whatever.
Would you ever buy a horse with?
Nah. Besides winning a horse outright, you know, you're trying to win the exact boxes, whatever. Would you ever buy a horse with?
Nah.
Actually, I'd give money to be involved in a horse if it had some potential.
I would give money to a horse that looked like a 15-year-old Ryan Whitney.
You know, somebody that you're like, this kid has a chance.
I'm not backing or buying some scrubby horse at the end of his career. I'd want to put some money in and maybe be just watching from the sidelines.
Maybe a horse I owed 2
of was a possible Kentucky Derby
winner. Maybe as a
podcast, we can buy one. R.A.,
you can hop in on it too.
R.A. will end up selling it
to somebody else because he had a big
gambling debt. I'll be like Ralphie Cifaretto.
I'll have to kill the thing so I can
collect the insurance money like in The Sopranos.
Oh, great scene.
And then he kills him over that.
Great, we got fucking PETA coming
after us now. We got
a big, big interview on deck. I'm very
excited about this one, R.A. Absolutely.
It's the return of our buddy, Brendan Walsh,
Dorchester, Massachusetts legend.
Had a hell of a career
in the minor leagues for a while.
Now he's a Boston police officer and he's,
uh,
he's quite the storyteller.
We had him on.
He was a huge hit before we got him again at the hotel room a couple months
back.
So while we know everybody's going to enjoy that,
I actually went to eat with him after we interviewed him again.
This guy has,
where'd you guys go?
Uh,
pair is called the parish cafe.
I love this place.
I know no free ads,
but it's in Boston.
Every time I'm there, I'll go in there and get the same sandwich.
I wish I could remember the name of it.
Last time I was there, I went four times.
Do you remember what's in the sandwich?
Yeah, there's like a salty Italian meat.
A salty Italian meat?
A salty Italian meat.
The bowls.
No meatballs.
I think there's like little mini Brussels sprouts in it.
It's a wacky sandwich, but it's better than the trash bucket.
I'll tell you that.
I would put it head-to-head in a bracket challenge.
That thing's been getting some love lately, huh, Ray?
I saw that.
It's all the people that visited Joe Exotic's place that love it.
That was on his menu.
Let's face it.
I want to put it out there right now.
The meat on a GG special is not from expired meat from Walgreens. That was on his menu. Let's face it. I want to put it out there right now.
The meat on a GG special is not from expired meat from Walgreens.
I just want to get ahead of that.
But anyway.
Oh, that was so disgusting.
And by the way, going back to Tiger King quickly,
is apparently they're dropping one more episode,
and it's going to be about the scumbag Jeff Lowe.
Ari, I don't know if you had that in your notes.
I did, absolutely, yeah.
Yeah, Jeff Lowe, not to be confused with our friend Jeff D. Lowe here at Bastl,
but Jeff Lowe, who was one of the many shady characters in Tiger King,
he tweeted out a video that there's going to be a new episode next week.
Netflix, as of this recording, has yet to confirm or deny,
so we will be waiting with bated breath next week to see if we get one more addition.
If you had a scummy scale,
would Jeff be higher than Joe Exotic on your scummy scale?
Like, who's the better guy?
They're both such scum.
Yeah, I don't know, man.
Yeah, see, we know a lot more about Joe Exotic.
We still, Joe, Lowe's still kind of a mystery.
You know, the documentary wasn't about him, so who knows? So maybe.
Skeletons, he literally.
You know what it's like?
A good comparison, I think, would be to all the listeners who are hockey fans.
It's like, who's greater, Eisenman or Sackick?
Like, yeah, you probably say Eisenman right away,
but when you think about it, Sackick was so incredible,
and then they were both so good.
It's on the opposite level these two are both such pieces of shit that maybe maybe one of them
ekes out the other guy but in the end they're so equal in terms of like okay fluidity and being
disgusting gross humans right i would i would assume though with one more episode coming out
on this jeff lowe's guy that he surpasses the scum in us.
Like, if he's in fact already killed and murdered.
I said killed and murdered people.
Pretty sure that's the exact same thing, Biz.
What were we talking about before that?
Oh, Walshie.
Jesus Christ, that went on a bit of a ride there.
So, Walshie, everyone needs to know.
What was the date when we had him on the first time?
Are we looking at a year ago or two years ago?
I remember what hotel we were at.
That was in my room.
That was a crime scene.
Get the black light.
Was that a year ago or two years ago?
Over.
I think it was playoff time.
Nope, I'm wrong.
I'm an idiot.
Nope, I don't remember where it was.
Two years ago feels like November right now.
Okay, it doesn't even matter.
The point is I don't know how many more new listeners we have
since Walshie first came on, but if I didn't say it then,
I'll have to say it now.
Skating around like summer leagues when it's college guys and local pros,
there was one in Hingham, one in Bridgewater,
now there's one in Foxborough, and it's good in Boston, right? There's tons of good players that live around here.
You were just petrified of Brendan Walsh. He's out there screaming at people. I think he was at
Maine. He was 26 years old. He left Maine, so he was a killer then. You know what he is?
He's the Boston Cam Jansen. That's exactly what he is. Yes. That's a great analogy.
Boston, their motors are insane.
They're running on a full off game.
And he'd be chasing down Cam Jansen right now for something that Jansen was doing.
Could you imagine they were playing, but then they'd go out against each other.
They'd be barking at each other out there.
It'd be literally a dog fight.
While she was on last May.
It wasn't all that long ago.
It's just time's dripping slow lately.
I've lost a lot of brain cells in the meantime
and lost track of the timeline.
But to hop in there, I was talking to him about his job
and how intense he is.
And so he's, you know, he's worked his way.
And he's telling me that what he loves about it
is it's like being in the locker room again
and also having that competition
because there's always new shit to solve.
And, like, you know, they're, like, one of the hardcore units.
And he has no fear.
He played hockey with no fear, and now he's out there in no fear.
Those guys are heroes.
But then you think about, like, holy shit, man.
This guy, I would say at least a couple times a week,
is putting essentially his life on the line, doing certain jobs.
So not only thank you to him for coming on, but for everything he does as a police officer.
And like, guys, this isn't just like, I mean, you know, you see the shows like the donuts and these guys are like weapons, man.
So tip of the cap, dude.
Love you.
Love the stories and appreciate everything you do as far
as law enforcement. There you go, Biz. All right, let's take a look at a little bit of the news.
We got some more props to give out. Big props to a trio of Metro Division Russians,
Temi Panarin, Sergei Bobrovsky, and Semyon Volomov, along with some of his Islanders
teammates, purchased and arranged delivery of N95 masks to hospitals in their market over the past few days to aid healthcare workers in
the fight against the Corona virus.
The players arranged for the purchase of the masks and the donation.
So great job fellas for, for taking care of that.
There's obviously a shortage of lots of things and masks included.
So these guys took the initiative, got them done and got them out to people.
So we want to give them a pat on the back for that.
Yep. Stick taps as well.
Also, the Ducks owners, we mentioned them before, the Samuelis,
they seem to be some of the most well-loved owners in the league.
We talked to Ryan Getzlaff the other night about them.
He had nothing but praise for them.
Well, they announced on Thursday that they're going to extend
through June 30th an arrangement where they will pay part-time staff members for any current and future rescheduled events that have been affected by the pandemic.
It's going to cover all part-time employees who work programs and events at the Honda Center,
plus their nine ice skating and inline facilities. Also, staffers for the San Diego Gills,
who they also own, I'm sorry, San Diego Gulls, who they also own, they'll be taken care of,
in addition to the restaurant across the street, J.T. Schmid's.
Again, this is stuff that they're not required to do.
They don't have to do.
They're doing it because they're good people, and they're taking care of their employees.
So we want to commend them for that.
So that's pretty good stuff.
So the Samuelis.
The only thing I really remember, besides that they were not involved in hockey decisions, right?
I think they're really a great ownership in terms of you guys run all that.
We're hands off.
But they had a party.
I mean, I was just there for one year.
I think it was the beginning of the season party.
I don't know who was there, but the whole team was obviously invited.
This house was on the cliffs, like a Newport Beach,
one of the sickest houses I've ever seen.
Just incredible. The nicest people.
They had those scallops wrapped in bacon appetizer being handed out.
I actually had like 25 to 30 of these things,
and I was putting the toothpicks in my jacket pocket.
And crazy enough, no word of a lie, two weeks later,
because naturally I went home and just hung my suit up,
didn't get it dry cleaned, just hung the suit up in the closet, Biz.
You know what I'm talking about.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe a week, two weeks later, next time I put it on, I just hammered my right hand into my inside pocket,
stabbed myself with six different toothpicks right in my fingers.
Now, Greg, this is putting a suit on to go to the game,
so I need  this is my top hand, my right hand.
And I got blood coming out of my fingertips
knowing I'm going to be running the power play that night.
What?
I bandaged him up.
I went.
I went.
I played.
You played?
Yep.
I played through it.
After the toothpick stab.
The guys gave me stick taps in the locker room after for getting through it,
but that's what I remembered about the Samuelis.
That was your flu game.
That's what I remembered about the Samuelis. That was your flu game. That's what I remembered about the Samuelis.
Was Tarion coach?
No, that was on Anaheim, buddy.
Oh, Anaheim.
Tarion was my coach in Hitchburg.
That was a wicked
brain fart. I would have just said that he would have
really respected the fact that you came out of
your element and played that night.
As dumb as my question was. I should have given the toothpicks back to the waitress
bringing around the bacon wrap scallop.
I mean, I'm pretty sure there's a window there for you to file a lawsuit.
That's kind of on them.
I stepped on a toothpick before.
I was barefoot like a family Christmas party,
and it went between my big toe and my second toe,
probably like halfway through, and it didn't bleed.
It was crazy.
It was just stuck there.
So my uncle had  he took him for the team.
He had to like
He put it in his sandwich?
No, not Uncle Jeezy, my other uncle.
He literally had to like take my foot, practically put it in his mouth,
bite down the toothpick and like pull it out of my feet.
And it didn't  like two drops of blood come out.
I dodged a bullet, man.
It was crazy, though.
I had a toothpick sticking out of my mouth.
And he bit it and pulled it out so your foot was right near his mouth?
Yeah, he had to put, like, put his teeth right up to, like,
the bottom of my toes and, like, bite down on it and clamp, you know,
so he can pull it out.
Chicklets meme.
Please get the motor going.
Shout out Uncle Jeff.
Save my ass.
Something involved with the guy with the dead foot from the Adam Sandler movie.
Listen, really happy my Tarian question, fuck up,
led to the fact that your uncle was on his hands and knees biting at your toes, dude.
Yeah, it was crazy, man.
So we go back.
Had to suck the poison out of him one time when a snake got him in Florida.
Can we go back to the porn mag, getting the playboys at 14?
Were we going to circle back on that?
Hey,
if you want,
apparently you do.
Cause it's like,
I think a few people were on the wit trains at that.
That was kind of like a little bit young to be getting porno mag sent to
the house.
So I was just on this.
I was on the same train.
Yeah.
I just take issue when people call it porno and X rated.
That's all. I mean, you saw titties take issue when people call it porno and X-rated. That's all.
I mean, you saw Titties and Bush.
It wasn't porno.
It wasn't penetration.
So it's the P in penetration is porno.
Basically, yeah.
That was when I went to the video store.
That was kind of the rule of thumb.
Anything that doesn't show penetration.
Like, you know when you watch Skinamax, you can't actually see penetration.
That's called soft core porn where the people might not actually.
Oh, that's all right.
Yeah, no shit. I's called soft core porn where the people might not actually all right yeah no shit i know what soft core porn is um so could you remember one article that
really stood out like obviously i have never read an article out of one of those magazines i don't
even think i've read a name i've seen the target i think there's been some famous writers in there
right correct okay so what's like a big big uh story that broke or or a big famous moment in in porno magazine article history playboy jimmy
cotto jimmy cotto was president of the united states and did an interview with playboy i might
have been right after he was president and he actually said he admitted to having lust in his
heart and it went it went well whatever the say 78 going viral was but um was he a handsome guy
jimmy back in the day you didn't know playboy broke the gretzky trade to la
come on yeah actually you know what i did i ain't falling for this foley shit i if r.a hadn't laughed
dude sorry i didn't you were 100 going to be buying that.
I'm a gullible guy.
You know why?
Because I don't assume anyone would ever want to lie.
I may pass misinformation by accident, but that's not my game.
I did actually.
You know what?
They have technologically.
They were really ahead of the technological curve.
And I remember it was probably 85.
I read an article about these new things that were coming called
compact disc players.
And I was like, oh, these things are the future. And I had a CD player in like 1985, 86 because I read an article about these new things that were coming called compact disc plays. And I was like, Oh, these things are the future.
And I had a CD player in like 1985, 86,
because I read an article about him and play boy way.
I was way ahead of the curve. So that's okay.
And you grew up fast on play boy. I going to take back what I said.
Yeah. I mean, people,
I did get a little feedback from people on my side who, who understood like,
yeah, it's not a perverted magazine. It was, it was a big deal.
It was a well-regarded magazine. Yeah yeah there's a secret underground society for people like you
that were getting boys all stick together normally when you hear someone say no i actually like the
article it's like you get a quick chuckle out of it right because that's what i would say
as you know being sarcastic uh what else we got to talk about how uh okay go ahead all right
should we talk about Witt's facial
hair? You got some weird-ass facial hair,
but I like it. I got some gray
in my beard. I'm so old-looking,
but I'm going to shave it because I was going to grow
it out until the quarantine end, but it's so
itchy. God, I remember
how itchy it was in the playoffs, too, when I
grew it out. So this thing's gone, though.
Gone, though. For the next time, you'll see my
face Wednesday. Get one of those Phillips
Noroco One Blades. One of our
sponsors, man. I got one. They're awesome.
They're really good for keeping the beards trimmed.
Send me one. Fucking right. Phillips.
Speaking of, hey friends, you might have heard of MeUndies
before. They're on pretty much every podcast
ever. But besides that, MeUndies
makes the world's most soft and sustainable
underwear. They literally design
their undies for comfort and self-expression. Whether you opt for solid black or unicorn print,
you'll do it all as comfortable as a cuddly kitten. Alliteration. I'm a big fan of the
funky prints myself, so I love showing off my personality with my MeUndies. And it's time to
end your toxic relationship with your tatted old undies. MeUndies offers endless options for those
looking to up their undie game.
You can choose a monthly membership, build a pack, and you can even match your undies with your other half. No matter what you choose, you'll get a soft, sustainable pair of undies
delivered straight to your door with free shipping. Win-wins all around. MeUndies are
made with soft, sustainable fabric and available in sizes from small, I'm sorry, extra small all
the way up to 4XL. From black to unicorn, MeUndies prints are made for your self-expression.
MeUndies has a great offer for our listeners right now.
For any first-time purchases, you get 15 off and free shipping.
This is a no-brainer, especially because they have 100 satisfaction guaranteed.
To get your 15 off your first order, free shipping, and a 100 satisfaction guarantee,
go to meundies.com slash chicklets.
That's M-E-U-N-D-I-E-S dot com slash chicklets.
You're going to be looking good down there, Biz.
I like the funky designs, you know.
Hopefully you don't get laughed out of bed
if you got like little toy trucks on there.
So this beard of mine, yeah, it used to be red.
Now it's just gray.
I know. I look like i have a handlebar mustache but that's because the sides are all
gray on me you can't grow a beard i wrote some things down on my notes what other stories do
we got because i mean god we don't have much to cover right now yeah we had a really shitty one
but we do have to talk about it because we're a hockey podcast and uh we don't like to cover the
negative stuff but it's part of part of what we do here. And New York Ranger prospect,
Keandre Miller was doing a zoom chat the other day and it got ruined by a
real racist asshole.
They,
I saw the video of him reading it and you could see his face as the words
are coming in.
It was heartbreaking.
This kid,
you know,
he's 19 years old.
He's trying to live out his dream and he acts like,
like be confronted with that shit.
You know,
it was that word over and over again.
I know everyone's like, oh, it's probably a 14-year-old kid or whatever.
It's like, I don't give a fuck who it is.
Find out who it is.
If they were in this continent, you can ring them up easy and make an example out of them because nobody should have to read that,
but especially a kid who's out trying to do his job.
If you saw the clip, your heart breaks for the kid.
He's sitting there trying.
I didn't watch it.
I can't watch that type of shit so you so he's reading this are these just random questions coming in from fans and then some guy hacked into the zoom as this has been happening
yeah it's fun lately like so somebody did that and it was the same user over and over just typing
those words well it was one word over and over and over and over again and presumably the same
person and you know i don't everyone's you  anyone who had an answer other than, like, that sucks,
it's like they get to semantics.
Well, it could have been this or it could have been that.
Everyone's just like, you should just be against that shit.
Like, you don't want anywhere coming on the side of that.
Well, the reason I saw it was because, like, all these people were going out
to the Rangers because they released a statement five hours later.
I was like, man, like the the intern was probably running the
zoom and is just as shook because like oh my god like this you could so you so i like i said i
didn't watch it when it comes on the screen like he's answering a question like normal and then
all of a sudden you could just see his mood be like oh my god well it's a it's a chat so then
the people are sending in questions so that's where he would be reading the questions. He must have just been pressing.
How do you do it that quick?
It was just a psychopathic move by a complete scumbag.
But, I mean, you couldn't get  what are the Rangers supposed to do?
Grinnelli, you know with this stuff, the technology-wise,
how could you stop something like that?
There's not much
you can do there.
It was awful.
I'm glad everyone out, there were so many people
who reached out to him online
and I'm sure called and texted.
What a shitty thing for that kid to have to deal with.
But you know what? It's only going to make
him stronger. I know it sounds crazy, but
this kid's been proving people wrong from the day he was
born, right? He's just been a machine. He's going to be him stronger. I know it sounds crazy, but this kid's been proving people wrong from the day he was born, right?
He's just been a machine.
So he's going to be a hell of a player,
and guys in the Rangers already reached out to him.
But that was just embarrassing.
Yeah, I saw that.
Well, R.A., you said something really nice on Twitter,
like basically being like, you know, shutting it all down.
Yeah, and people are like, oh, what are you trying to like virtue signal?
It's like, no, man.
It's like, you know, we talk about this stuff on the show all the time,
that hockey's for everybody.
So it's like we have a platform, so we should condemn it.
It's not about getting social media clout.
Like being a hard-o, but he's just like, oh, I got to say.
I felt like he felt the need to say something.
Yeah, virtue signal.
It's like I'm trying to take some, like, high immoral stance.
I don't think to say that you're a fucking racist asshole.
That's like some high moral stance.
That's just being a decent human being.
And I think we all think that I just don't even bother tweeting them anymore.
Cause I'm like,
yeah,
you get fucking idiots like that in your comments.
Like,
okay,
dude,
fine.
I won't even say anything.
Fuck.
What was the next thing?
I wouldn't a way to solve it.
Be the fact that don't open them up.
You people can watch them live where the fans have to send in the questions questions via twitter and they rifle through them it was a live chat
though unfortunately that was kind of the whole point was where fans could ask questions via the
chat room and it was just one asshole fan just took advantage you know what that one asshole
fan's probably gonna make it where they don't do those anymore yeah that's what that's another
thing that's like fuck well one other note, too.
John Shannon, excuse me, the reporter up in Canada,
he said the FBI was becoming part of the investigation
because they can pinpoint where this came from.
And again, you can't do anything about it now,
but you can certainly deter people in the future.
Whether it's a 15-year-old kid or a 38-year-old loser in his basement,
if you can track him down embarrass him find out who it is
even yeah we give him more than a pee pee whack
and then it sends the message to people
not to do it if they're across the world in some
other country okay your hands
are tied there but I suspect
there was somebody a lot closer to North America than
some fucking loser in Russia or Siberia
but anyways needless
to say they're a piece of shit and we can move on
for Darren Draga our buddy Big Buff, Dustin Bufflin,
it looks like eventually that they're going to just terminate his contract.
Big Buff, the Jets, the league, the Players Association,
they're all on the same page as far as contract termination is concerned.
It's just not obviously the biggest priority right now.
It's just a matter of formality.
So whenever hockey does return, Big Buff will probably be an unrestricted free agent, but
who knows if he wants to play, wants to continue to play.
But another note from Frank Cervelli, he said the players might forego their final paycheck
to put towards escrow.
They're going to go over it.
They still have a couple more days to decide, but they're probably thinking, I'm guessing
guys is why take this money if we're going to have to give it back.
Might as well just not take it at all so they can put it into escrow. You know, you guys are
more familiar with that shit than me. This one was actually a fun story. A friend of the program,
Brian Burke, he did a Twitter QA the other night, not a QJ, but it was a QA. Hashtag
ask Berkey. And we uh, we got a pretty
good answer that someone would ask them about trades. He didn't make what did make. And
apparently he quote, desperately tried to get Joe Thornton in a trade. And this is the part that,
uh, was really interesting. He told Michael O'Connell that who was then Bruins GM that he,
uh, he's going to protect five ducks and that he could have the sixth duck, sixth duck,
whoever he wanted first.
And when you take a look at that ducks roster, man,
there was a lot of good talent on that team.
And not only that, that he was going to give him a player,
he would have had another roster player, a prospect and the first round pick,
which would have been the 19th overall,
a significantly better offer than what Michael O'Connell ended up trading for,
which was Marco Sturm, Wayne Primo and Brad Stewart. No disrespect to those guys, but
you know, I mean, just looking at the assets
and what's interesting, Biz, that
19 pick,
Claude Giroux and Simeon Valamoff
are still on the board, so the Bruins could have
went for one of them or even traded
up to try to get a higher pick, but
a little Monday morning quarterback, but it was still
pretty fun stuff. Did you happen to catch it, either one of you
two?
Well, no, this is the first I'm hearing morning quarterback, but it was still pretty fun stuff. Did you happen to catch it? Either one of you two? I saw,
I,
well,
no,
this is the first I'm hearing about it,
but I,
I did want to bring somebody up Boston Bruins related.
And the fact that if the season were to just be over it,
would they hand out league awards and would posture knock who's tied for
first with,
uh,
I believe it's with Ovechkin for the goals right now.
Right.
With 48.
Ovechkin or Matthews?
I thought they might have all been tied.
No, I think Ovechkin's one behind.
Sorry, Matthews is one behind.
Yeah, and the Buccaneers do not play the Patriots this year.
Oh, come on.
Am I getting hammered for that right now?
No, I'm just actually, you're bullying me into thinking you're right,
but I'm going to check right now.
Oh, I think those three are the three at the top.
I think Ovechkin's ahead of Matthews.
Ovechkin, Pasternak are 848.
You're right.
And Matthews is 47.
All right.
Do you want to apologize?
I don't think they'll do, would they do awards
when they haven't even all played the same amount of games and stuff? Yeah, these are questions that a lot of people don't think they'll do awards when they haven't even all played the same amount of games and stuff.
Yeah, these are questions that a lot of people don't know.
That remains to be answered.
That sucks for a guy like Pascoe.
He's having a career year and an opportunity at run-out.
Talking about bonuses and stuff.
Go ahead.
Oh, no.
I just wanted to bring that up.
Yeah, so it's interesting.
Now, basically, these are the names.
Now, Berkey would have been able to save five of these guys,
so the Bruins could have grabbed the sixth guy.
Solani, Scott Niedermeyer, Andy McDonald,
Joffrey Lupo, Ryan Getzlaff, Corey Perry,
Francois Beauchemin, or J.S. Jagir.
So if Berkey saves five of those,
that means OC's going to crack it.
Hell, four or five good players.
And you've got to think, if they're giving up Joe Thornton in that trade,
they're probably going to want to send it back.
So, you know, Getzlaff or Lupo may have come back in that trade.
But, you know, again, it's Monday morning quarterback,
and it's just funny to look at all this time later.
But the ironic part, of course, Whit, is the Bruins won the cup,
partly because of that deal, because it opened up the money
to sign Savard and Chara.
Bruins won the cup partly because of that deal, because it opened up the money to sign Savad and Chara.
And it also, you know,
they turned in Stuart and Primo into Ferentz and eventually Seidenberg who
helped win the cup. So it's, it's, you know, kind of,
you don't want to wish it played out different cause you might not have got
the cup.
This is the Boston Bruins family tree right now.
We're just going through run.
But it's the butterfly effect with Ashton Kutcher.
All right. Well, we can, we can shit on them at this point.
This is why we didn't get to last show.
The athletic did a, a best and worst markets to watch the hockey games.
And, and Carolina, the hurricanes, they were number one, John Forslund,
excellent play by play guy.
Trip Tracy is his color, man.
But the last place team is Boston ruins.
They were named the worst market to watch hockey.
I would say it's largely because of Jack Edwards.
He's a big Homer.
I think it's hilarious.
I mean that people get this bent out of shape.
I know we've talked about it before,
but you have any particular favorites in the league that you,
that you enjoy listening to.
Oh,
like,
like the overall broadcast.
Oh God.
There's so many guys.
Yeah.
So many good ones. Like these like these you know this is coming
from a guy who i am not very polished there i i would probably say i'm the worst nhl color guy in
the entire league like it's kind of like hey we need you for content but we're just going to stick
in this position i don't give myself a lot of credit in that field so for me to like all of
them uh the top end dogs i actually love listening listening to Jack Edwards because I think it's fucking hysterical.
Like it's, I'm not that connected to it.
It's like the more ridiculous.
I think that's what he's going for.
Don't you think that he knows that?
I think he plays up to now that he's like the homer that people despise
and some people love.
Seriously. There's no other explanation you can't you can't think of you can't be saying and comparing the nhl and playoff games to the revolutionary war and not understand that's why
i love it you're you're in on the joke that's why i love i don't think he gives a shit and then i
mean pierre mcguire same thing like he, he'll drop every junior team the guy played for.
Just basically fuck them.
Had a four-assist night in Thunder Bay one night.
And then when I got drafted first overall, World Juniors,
yeah, a couple kills, a couple goals.
Give me all the quirky homers all night long, man.
I love it.
Played in the Moose Knuckle Juniors ball hockey team.
Played for Bar-I and Killray
for the Ottawa 67s.
Is that what Killray is? That's the legend, right?
Used to crush his billet daughter. That wasn't
good. Had to switch billets. Ended up marrying her.
Didn't work out. No prenup
though.
Ouchy.
Last step, boys. We talked about the
NHLPA. They did their players poll. We only got
to, I think, one or two questions,
but there was one interesting one I want to throw to you
before we send it over to the interview.
It was, who would you pay to see play?
Wayne Gretzky got 32 of the vote.
Bob Bior only got 15.
Mario got nine.
Connor got eight.
And other got 36.
So let me go to you, Whit, first.
Which player currently or in the past would you
pay to see play?
None of the names you already said though.
I think I'm a
little biased having
Robert Gordon or be my
agent. But seriously
the way everyone says he actually changed
the game. There were not offensive
defensemen. There were not. Well there were but
there weren't puck rushing dominant defensemen like Bobby Orr. So he changed the game. Guys like
Paul Coffey, Phil Housley, right? Are they ever players they are without Bobby Orr? So I would
have loved to just seen him take it. Bobby Orr ragged the whole penalty. PK, he took it and just
skate around for two minutes. How you doing? Skated by the bench.
Talked to all the guys about their families, their wives.
Whooped behind the net.
He was the most dominant player that many people say they ever saw.
So I'm on the Bobby Orr pay-to-see play.
I don't even have an answer other than the fact that I can't wait to get
Derek Sanderson back on and tell him that Bobby Orr only got 15
and watch his guy heads pop off.
Oh, 30, I think, right, did you say?
No, Bobby Orr only got 15, so why don't you smoke another one?
And I also said not naming people who are already named.
That was part of the question, too.
And then Witt says Bobby Orr, but Biz,
who would you pay to see a player not already listed?
Oh, I didn't know you wanted somebody not listed.
I apologize.
That's okay.
I apologize.
I was watching Jin Young Ko just make a birdie in the LBGA tournament.
The fact that everything goes back to a Boston Bruin is now known by everyone
who listens to this podcast.
Any way we could tie it back.
But anyone not on that list.
Yeah, that's, you know, we'll give an answer that we don't already
i i would if it could be a situation i could pick a player from a team but anyone that was on that
chief's team during that that whole era like i would have wanted to go to one of these games
where it was like such a clown show just to experience what everybody keeps talking about
and why they made movies about it and uh maybe would be, but not one player in particular off the top of my head.
I would have loved to watch a game, and I'm sure there were many,
where Brett Hall had three goals and seven strides.
Imagine the games when he just parked his ass in the slot
and was just burying one-timers.
I saw a tweet the other day.
The year he had 86 or 88, whatever it was,
he led the league in goal scoring by 35 goals.
Imagine seeing Brett Hull in 88 in Calgary
or wherever he was playing then.
He's lighting it up.
I think that would be fun.
Maybe I'd go back to way back to see when it was played
where there was no glass, where who were getting pucks in the teeth
in the crowd.
I mean,
even in Sanderson's era,
he was saying,
remember that model,
she was sitting a few rows up and she was looking the other way.
And yeah.
No.
Gordie.
How Rinelli?
Who was my,
who would you pay to see play?
I think Pavel Buray.
He was electric.
Yeah.
That's great.
He was like right before my time. So I didn't, I don't really remember much of him. I just Pavel Bure. He was electric. Yeah, that's a great answer. He was like right before
my time. So I don't, I don't really remember much of him. I just like see YouTube highlights and
that guy could buzz around out there. Yeah, he was, he was absolutely incredible. Um,
I was going to say Cody Howell too, but you just sold my thunder. He's definitely a guy
I would have paid to have played C and it's funny. You just mentioned Bure. His birthday
was last week and I had written down a bunch of stats
for him, G, because
we didn't end up talking about him, but he put
up some absolutely fucking insane numbers
Baret.
That was a great random answer. I just couldn't think of anything
cool off the top. I just wanted to get
booed off stage. Gordie Howe would have been a great
answer.
Pavel Baret,.62 goals
per game, the fifth best ever, just ahead of Ovechkin.
He led the lead three times in goal scoring.
He had 16 goals in the 94 playoffs, the most ever by a Russian in a postseason.
And since then, only Sakic has had more goals than Bure in any postseason.
And he holds the single-season franchise record for goals with two teams,
Vancouver and Florida, and he did it seven years apart.
Only other player who's done that, Teemu Solani.
And how about one more for you?
You can put this in your pipe and smoke it.
All right, he's buzzing.
In the 2000-2001 season, Pavel Bure had 59 goals
that accounted for 29.5 of all of the Florida Panthers' goals that year.
So, Bure, pretty nice choice for you, G.
Did he have 61 here?
He did, yeah.
He definitely broke 61.
First of all, R.A. just dethroned you as stat guy wit.
It's now stat guy.
Fucking take it, R.A.
Drive just a car, because good luck with that right now.
You got any stats for us, wit?
No?
Okay, yeah.
Beret, he scored 60 in the 1993-94 season
which of course vancouver went to game seven Stanley Cup final before losing to the rangers but
all right boys uh we do want to mention that today's interview is brought to you by our
friends at Bud Light Salsa of course while she played on the east coast hockey league so it's
appropriate that he's tied into it the great tasting salsa from bud light that comes in four delicious flavors it's unquestionably good bud light salsa is a proud
sponsor of spit and chiclets and also now a proud supporter of the east coast hockey league player
relief fund a league that is near and dear to biz and walsh here as well from very early in our
business career this support will help go to players coaches and all the staff that help to
make this league a vital part of the hockey community.
And also, we want to remind everybody to stay safe and stay indoors.
And luckily, you can get your Bud Light Seltzer delivered to your door with Drizzly.
First-time users can get 5 off with the code BudLight at checkout.
Some restrictions do apply.
So, again, thanks to Bud Light for helping us out and supporting us in this venture.
And without further ado, let's send it over to our buddy, Brendan Walsh.
Well, next up is one of our most popular and now recurring guests.
After a nice little college career and then mixing it up in the minors, punching faces for a little bit,
he now serves and protects the fine citizens of Boston, Massachusetts.
Welcome back to the Spitting Chicklets podcast, Brendan Walsh.
Thank you for having me, guys.
Thank you.
What has been going on since the last time I was here?
No, I want to ask you that.
I want to ask you, what have you been doing since we chatted?
I have been going.
Just hunting down criminals.
Yeah.
I've been working a lot, working a lot.
But I also coach my, I have a ferocious Dorchester U12 girls hockey team.
Do they just outwork all the opponents?
Passion, energy, and pace.
That's P-E-P.
That's what I say.
First on puck.
Oh, my God.
Well, actually, so we can get into the stories right away.
Everyone remembers.
Oh, can I say one thing real quick?
I'm going to cut you off.
Real quick.
I've been just from listening to the podcast and some of my favorite thing.
One of my favorite thing is, R.A., you've been killing it.
And the organic ad reads, I can't even get into it.
I can't even get into the organic ad reads.
I'm listening to the podcast and I'm sitting there and I'm like, okay, when does Roman Swipes come in?
When does the Roman Swipe come in?
And then I'll give it to you.
Can I try it?
Yeah, like...
And then I'll come off the top of my head.
Speaking of high-sticking, and if y'all have a high-stick issues and you have some problems, try Roman Swipes.
And then Thursday Boot will come on.
And I'm like, how does he work, Thurman?
Put Thursday Boot in.
How does he work it?
He's like.
That's your alley.
You're like Bruce Boudreaux.
He just got the boot.
And speaking of boots, if you want nice boots, you want to walk around, try Thursday Boot.
Am I right?
So maybe now you can reach out to Walsh and give me a good ad research.
Aren't they amazing?
And how are you working it?
It makes the ads way better. And the ads, they're so much better.
But I can secretly hear that you guys are kind of giggling in the background.
Oh, a couple of them really get me.
And then a couple of them are like, shut up, R.A.
You've got to respect it.
You've got to stretch them once in a while.
We do keep them honest, though, because some put in a little bit of a longer script.
So if it goes over 60 seconds
aggressively yeah i'll give him a little spanking on the way out yep and you you know down to the
minute what your time is worth biz i know that hey the minute the minute he's on a 30 second phone
call you know he built somebody for a 30 second phone call that's what i said biz takes his head
off the pillow you're like someone's fucking paying me today.
Okay, first of all,
fucking that's hilarious
because you're bang on.
Second thing,
speaking of time,
before we started recording,
Grinnelly bent you over with a chirp
and you had your Apple Watch ringing
and while she goes,
Grinnell,
do you have any idea
to turn this watch off?
Did I do it right?
Is that how you talk?
Like I'm having a fucking jammer?
Better than Ari's Bane voice.
Anyway, and Grinnell responds with, I don't know.
I don't wear shitty watches.
I wear Rolexes.
I know.
It was a fastball.
I don't even think it was a fastball.
It was a sucker punch.
Well, she gets up.
I can't even get up from that.
You were basically Al Tuvez or whatever his name is
who's going to be getting pegged every game this year.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
No, so I had some stories that I had written down
that I wanted to get you to retell that I've heard them before.
Since we're in media, I guess we can start in the fact that people who don't know,
Brendan Walsh, you got into media when you were done playing.
Yeah.
I mean, what is the back story?
I think it began at Maine. Maybe when you graduated when you were 37 yeah I was 40 years old
uh graduate student still with hockey eligibility left up at Maine and so I I there was channel
seven up at Maine up in Bangor and so I did like an internship and you guys had talked previously
on podcasts just how nervous red light goes on First couple times
You're like
Alright
And the level of detail
And how much information you have to read
And just the concentration
And the first thing
Is the worst thing
As soon as you start
Listening to your own voice
As you're speaking
You're like
You're done
You've gone down a rabbit hole
That you cannot get out of
So I worked for Channel 7.
And I would just do like these quick, real quick one hits.
Like, hey, I'd work for Channel 7 News.
Rich Krampanis and Chuck Whitney up in Bangor, Maine.
Oh, yeah.
He's my uncle.
Yeah.
So I go to, you know, doing this thing in college.
And I, you know, do these quick hits and they'd
be like all right i'd come back and do sports yeah like on the desk but i didn't have an earpiece i
didn't have anything and i'd be like oh look at the hard work of uh old number 36 who would be me
grinding it out there with a nice little tap and go and that would give the sports for me and then
cover like bangor like basketball basketball, high school basketball.
So one of the guys had to go out
and this is one of the best,
like it's on gag rails everywhere up in Maine.
So I'm covering channel,
I'm working for channel seven.
Channel five is covering all of Bangor
for like homecoming weekend.
So the whole time we're playing hockey up at Maine,
channel five is their
homecoming like football channel five trucks this person with the mic holder on it channel five
channel five channel five so we play our game i go back to the studio channel seven so now they
put an earpiece on me and people if you're not in the biz and if you don't know um they put the
earpiece on me they're like you're heavy you're heavy and i'm like okay who's that guy talking in
my ear they're like heavy which means fill in because Nightline is coming on no matter what.
Or Dateline is for the affiliate.
You got too much for the time left.
You got too much for the time left.
And if you're light, it means like, hey, get out, get out.
This is ending.
So, you know, we come out of the first commercial break.
We're like, oh, we're heavy, we're heavy, we're heavy.
And the guy's like, oh, oh, nope, nope, nope, Nightline.
Nope, we're light, we're light.
And so I'm sitting at the desk at Channel 7. And the guy's like Oh, oh, nope, nope, nope Nightlight, nope We're light, we're light And so I'm sitting at the desk
At Channel 7
And the guy's like
Well, Brendan
And the guy's like
We're heavy, we're light
We're light, we're heavy
In my earpiece
And I'm sitting there
Like in my eyes
And the guy's like
We're heavy
He goes, oh, no, no
We're real heavy, just go
And the guy's like
Well, Brendan
It's been great having you
Part of your internship here
And you've done a fantastic job
And I said
Well, it's been great Being part of the Channel five family and i just want to know it's been
fantastic working few people here at channel five cut date line goes on the fucking guy i could see
a pen go up in the background wrong channel it comes in i'm on the wrong channel you've seen
the five all day i've seen the five all day con I'd seen the five all day. Concussions all over the place. They give you an internship and you can't even.
And there's like a camera guy with like a big WTF behind the cameras like, what the fuck?
And I left.
Of course, I leave like double gunning off to the bar and run around and chase people all night.
You're like, hey, sorry guys on the way up, but appreciate the credit for my senior year finally.
Which worked, which good.
I end up going through
and then I end up working at Nessun.
And also here's a good thing about
doing media back then too.
I mean there probably wasn't even
Facebook. Was there? No.
So you didn't have to hear
about how shitty of a job you did.
You were just like, nobody was watching.
Meanwhile people were like, what?
And I'm like, I have an Irish Catholic mother.
She loves me.
She's like, you did fantastic, honey.
You know, thanks, Mom.
And I'm just out there just like, oh, there I am.
I'm the boss.
That's all I need.
So I worked at Nessun, and I had Catherine Tappan, who was there at Nessun, worked with Catherine.
Dale Arnold, Bob Beers.
I'm thinking names.
It was Hockey East Games, Friday nights or something, right? Hockey East Games.
And then I would get these.
I was working as, you know, Boston Police,
and I would get these informational packets,
and you're in the biz now, and you cover all that stuff.
But you have the luxury of maybe, you know, you get to see some of these teams.
You know what they are, what they represent, biz, you know, covering Arizona, and you just, you you have the luxury of maybe you know you you get to see some of these teams you know what they are what they represent is you know covering arizona and you just you're in the
mix yeah a little bit because you know you're catching all the teams and you know how all the
stuff there are i'm like all right and you know i mean you know you you just left you just left
fucking charlestown had a slice of pizza jenny's and then you're talking to these guys so um i so i i'm working at nesson and i
would get complete anxiety i'm like in police uniform and i would get this like you these
schools would just dump this information on it and this is like to be on a nesson game this would be
like you know just the pronunciations of kids names this is the only time they're probably
going to be on nesson unless you're boston time they're probably going to be on Nessun.
Unless you're Boston College, you're going to be on 15 times that year.
Other than that, if it was Lowell, this is the one chance.
This is Lowell's one chance.
This is Lowell's one chance, and you've got the kid with the Boston accent
just butchering your kid's family name.
You've got to have a big motor because you're going to fuck up.
I mean, you look at some of these people who do it in these small towns and then they end
up online because they completely just say a word that, you know, they say dick or penis
in the middle of their sentence.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, I've done live hits where I've been terrible.
Even in Arizona, I've mentioned a few times on the podcast, it was like Todd Walsh teed
me up with a question and I'm like i don't even remember
what i was gonna say todd and he kind of just saved my ass but how good are those guys who do
it uh like tom caron uh and eric freed is the guy who started it but these guys are like they're
robots just like in and out of breaks come in and out of they don't feel any transition light turns
on no no it's like joe thornton when he's got the puck on a stick,
they say his heart rate goes down
compared to when he doesn't.
It's like these people
were born to be on television.
Their motor is just,
they can read off the teleprompter
like they're talking to you.
Or they're just serial killers
and we don't know any people.
Yeah, or that.
Well, there is a poll.
Some of the most narcissistic people
on the planet are like entertainers and TV personalities, lawyers.
That checks a lot of boxes for me.
Well, think about a psychiatrist, right?
Because you think you can heal other people's problems too?
But you don't have enough of your own like the rest of us?
So, yeah.
I mean, you'd have to have a level of narcissism.
Anyway, where are we going to go after that gonna go after that oh you have stories have breaks and
issues that's my toe oh you forgot on my toe stefan mato mato mato mato so i was um i was
playing in san antonio and so stefan mato uh funny you bring it up, got sent down. I think he played in the minors like 18 years prior.
And maybe I think he was in the IHL, but just for a little bit.
And then what did he have, two Stanley Cups?
Just the one.
Was it March?
Did he have one, March?
No, he might have one more.
Was he on Dallas?
Remember when you talked about the information?
Just me guessing.
We don't retain a lot either.
That's all right.
So anyway, he gets sent down, and you know the scuttlebutt,
if you're down in the American League, and like, hey,
I think Stephon Mateau is getting sent down.
And I was like, oh, really?
That's cool.
All right, well, whatever.
Whatever that represents, he gets sent down.
And so we go to San Antonio.
We're playing at, you remember, Whit, you were playing in San Antonio, the SBC Center.
And they have like the change room.
And so I was like, all right, I'm going to prank this guy.
Like he just got here.
I didn't see him in camp because I had got traded to San Antonio.
And I had like, of course, I had like Jimmy Campbell, Jamie Rivers, Sean Gagnon, Pierre
Dagenais, guys who, Jeff Toms, guys who just really like to break balls.
So I said, guys, of course, on a side note, like these older NHL guys get dressed.
Like if you had to get into the locker room at like 4.15, they're dressed at like 4.20, like waiting to put skates on.
I'm like, what?
Yes.
This is banana land.
Like just go  like get dressed.
I used to get dressed right before warm-ups and head out.
Took you three minutes.
Three minutes to get dressed.
So he's dressed, and I see him.
This is Stephon Matteau, you know, like Stanley Cup champion,
unbelievable hockey player.
Watched him playing as a kid.
And so I said, all right.
I go, guys.
So I break, quickly slide in the back door of the change room
coming in the side. I go, guys, just follow my lead and just watch this.
Sit on the other side of the change room.
And so I grab my gitch bag, got my coffee, fantastic suit, look fantastic.
I walk up to Steph Mateau and I said, hey, Steph, how you doing?
Brendan Walsh, nice to meet you.
Looks like up on the board here, Torch got us playing together tonight.
And he's like, yeah, yeah.
When I say the nicest man, legitimately one of the nicest guys.
I said, hey, why don't you come with me there, fella, while I get dressed.
And so he's following.
18 years in the NHL.
18 years in the NHL.
Follows me into the locker room.
There's like a change room, like a legit nice change room.
So we get into the change room.
And when I say the biggest wheel, I'm getting undressed, like taking the stuff off and like get my gitch. I said, Hey, Steph, well, it looks like you found yourself in a little bit
of a pickle. Um, get yourself down here and, uh, yeah, you know, just no worries tonight.
You know, we're playing together tonight and just, let's try to have some fun. Let's whip
the puck around. And I said, but if you dump the puck in, I'll tell you right now, I ain't chasing it because that's, you know, possessions, my game.
And so his face, and he's, like, taping a stick, and he was, like, sitting there.
I have all these other guys, Rivers, Tom, Campbell, Sean Gagnon.
They're hanging on the other side of the change room, and they're sitting there, and this is his face.
He's like this.
He's like, and he came over so nice, like all drat.
Like he was in his full gear, like no top on.
And I come over just last second, just like, I've never played.
I've never played in the NHL, obviously.
But I just sit there.
And you're big time with him.
Fucking big, like the biggest wheel of hardest.
Like picture every kid that went to an OHL camp their first time.
NHL  every OHL kid at an NHL camp.
This is  I'm that kid.
I'm that kid in the OHL.
He's like, this kid must have played seven years in the O.
That's hockey.
That's hockey.
So I go in there and he's sitting there and he's like  and I wrap up.
I said, you know, I like to possess the puck if you dump it in.
I don't know if I'm getting it.
So whatever you think you need to do.
Hey, last thing.
And his face is like smiling and just slowly starting to like the smile is cracking.
Like I'm going to kill this kid.
Who is this fucking kid?
And so I'm sitting there and I said, and you know what?
At the end of the day, just consider me.
Don't get nervous.
Just consider me.
I'm just a regular guy.
I'm just a normal guy.
He must have known at that point.
At that point,
he like looked at me
and he was like,
are you fucking serious?
Like looked at me.
He's like,
what?
And I fucking grabbed him
and hugged him.
I said,
we're going to have
a fucking unbelievable time.
He,
so he was at the hotel.
He checked out of his hotel room,
moved into my hotel room
for the next nine days
and we just hung out.
Just a great guy.
That was unreal.
Unbelievable. That's awesome that right away he's like this guy's gotta be completely fucking with me and you got
him but like for a good six minutes he was completely ratalonia that's actually where
his last three games of his professional career where it's yeah oh and oh and and just for, if you want to know the scene, behind the scene, on the send down, which I had heard, you have to go watch Biz's, were you up there, Vancouver Giants?
No, I never, no.
No, no.
Oh, Vancouver Warriors.
Vancouver Warriors.
If you want to know why he got sent down, which I have heard, you have to click on the locker room scene from your YouTube.
And that I heard that's one of the reasons why he gets sent down.
He was like, fuck that.
So while you're sitting there and the gears are grinding.
Yeah, the hamster's going, but I can't make a click.
Help me out here.
I don't know what he's talking about.
Yeah, that's what I think he got.
Oh, so you're going to explain the situation.
Are you saying that?
I'm saying go click on your thing and go to your locker room uh scene when you did
your vancouver lacrosse when he bullies the captain no they put him in a chair in the room
keenan did that's what i had heard he put oh he put him in the middle of the room like shit stall
yeah shit stall oh they gave him that's what i had heard but i didn't know and he was like you
know what but i don't know and i to that like, you know what? But I don't know.
And to that, I can't speak to that.
But I just know.
That's how bad my brain is.
When he came down, he was phenomenal.
Just a great guy.
There's usually something that goes to those.
I mean, he scored such a legendary goal.
Thanks for the quick plug on the lacrosse video, though.
Do you like that?
It was phenomenal.
I did.
Do you like my content?
Just smashing.
I like when you say content.
I like when you do content for you mutant listeners all in one line.
It's like the whole thing.
I'm like just fucking pumping out content for you mutant listeners.
Is it awesome?
Was that dead on?
Did you pour a little out for San Antonio?
They lost their team.
Vegas bought them.
They don't have a team anymore.
See what you did?
You destroy everything you touch. I Antonio, they lost their team. Vegas bought them. They don't have a team anymore. See what you did? You destroy everything you touch.
I know.
I loved it there.
When we were in San Antonio, Torch was a great coach that we had.
Pretty intense.
And I remember him, like, a great coach.
Intense.
And you know Pierre Dagenais?
I know who he is.
Played Montreal.
French guy.
And probably one of the more, like, impactful guys because, like one of the more impactful guys because he had played in the NHL and up and
down with New Jersey and just a phenomenal dude.
Phenomenal dude.
He played Montreal after like Ribeiro.
They beat Boston in the cup that one year.
Was he a smaller centerman?
No.
He was six foot five.
Oh, fuck.
Played the wing.
Did he cut that, Grinnell?
Six foot five. Yeah. Absolutely. Were you thinking of Desjardins
No he was like
One of the most hard
Like the hardest shot you ever saw
He was like
Built like a greyhound
He was all like ribs and wrench
Just like phenomenal looking
Great suits
Like just awesome
So he was there
And I remember like Torch was like my roommate And he was there and i remember like torch like was like my
roommate and he was a phenomenal guy and he was like brendan i know you'll go out but you'll go
home pierre uh just make sure he gets home so i remember pierre had his friends came in and we
had like a power play walkthrough and just like a real it's just something that just jumps out at
me we had a power play walkthrough Like in practice
Another team's coming into town
And so
Torch
I mean Pierre had gone out
And not
He was not
Believe it or not
Like not drunk at practice
Nothing like that
Just like he was just
Boy his inhibitions
Were a little bit lowered
For the
Like the
The walkthrough
So they do the
No his give a fuck meter
Was very low
His give a fuck meter
Was low
And he was like pissed off
Like this is a French kid
All he does is score goals
That's his thing
And Pierre
Phenomenal player
Even a better person
And so
I've never seen anything like it
So Torch is drawing up the drills
And he's like
We're gonna work on the
You know we're gonna work on
Like an umbrella power play
It's gonna go through
Tomer
Jimmy Campbell
And come over here
And Dodge
And Dodge will be your net front
And then he hit Like Pierre, sucks on his teeth.
And he's like, is there a problem, Dodge?
Is there a problem?
And he goes, I don't understand.
And then Torch throws the pen at him, and Dodge catches it off his, like this is at the SPC Center, whatever, San Antonio.
He catches the pen, and then he goes, yeah, okay.
And he walks over to the grease board, and he's like, all the time you come over here with the umbrella,
but I don't understand it.
We could have me on the half.
Of course, the power play is directed everything with him.
Through him.
Through him taking two steps off and dropping one-timers, right?
And so he's like, I don't understand.
We come on the power play, and you come in.
You put Tommer in that front
Tommer bigger presence
And I come in here
And come back with River
Pass to me
On the half wall
I take two steps
Come in get shot
The other time
And then we
We collect the puck up top
And we get it back again
On rebounds
I don't understand
Sounds good to me
Sounds good
And he goes
And he goes in
And then Scotty Allen
Who was the coach
Was like
Torch was walking out
And Scotty Allen was assistant Two awesome coach, was like, and Torch was walking out, and Scotty Allen was assistant.
Two awesome coaches.
Torch was a fantastic coach, and Scotty Allen.
And Torch goes, he ain't playing tonight.
He ain't playing tonight.
Because he was kind of talking back.
Talking back.
Well, lo and behold, you guys know minor league madness.
It's all of a sudden, you know, two guys get the stomach plug,
dodge back in. Wouldn't you know, two guys get the stomach plug. Dodge back in.
Wouldn't you know it.
Patrick.
No, no.
Two goals, I think.
Two goals and assist.
Like, didn't play the first period.
And then, like, the game got heated.
It was like, here's the power play with Dodge.
One-timers.
Right back in the mix.
The half-full work.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
I loved it.
I loved it.
And, of course, a Dodge.
And especially in the minors, too.
If you're a prospect, you're getting a million chances.
A million chances.
Because there's someone above you up top who's like, what did my guy do?
You're making it realize they're drunk.
What did my guy do?
Unreal.
Well, you talk also, but what we talked last time you were on about, I mean, you just loved fighting.
You just loved getting in guys' faces.
But you teed me up on a story about Doug Smith.
Oh, yeah.
What's that story?
So when we were the year of the locker, what you called like the  it was the craziest, right?
Yep.
The craziest year.
Iron League.
The year before is Iron League, like what y'all say, and I love the not a big deal.
But, you know, 30 majors that year, not a big deal.
Ten helpers the year  about 10 goals the year before.
30 majors that year, 50 games, biz, not a big deal.
Is that good?
Yeah.
10 goals, 50 games, 30 majors.
I'm playing six minutes.
I got 10 goals.
You missed it.
That's another one of our sayings.
It's like when you're like, oh, I had 50 goals that year.
Is that good?
Okay.
So keep the fuck up.
That's the new not a big deal.
That's it.
You must have been missing it the whole time.
So you should go back and have to re-listen to all those episodes.
I have to re-listen to it.
That should be my punishment.
Yeah.
All right.
Back to your story.
Where were we?
On the-
Doug Smith.
Oh, so Dougie Smith, who was just like our fight doctor.
And no one really knew that.
So we had Dougie Duell in Providence.
Remember Delicious? Dougie Dool In Providence Remember
Delicious
Dougie Dool
St. John's
Oh I don't remember
Maybe out of your line
DD
Sounds like one of the
Rippers
When we go to St. John's
So the movie
You know
Doug Clatt
Goon
Yeah
That's based off his book
And
We won't say that word
When Ty Domi was here
But
No Grinnell he will.
He got kind of like fake mad
and some people were like,
geez, he got really mad.
If you said it to him in a serious manner,
he would.
I think he reminded Grinnell
to tell, hey, we want to tell the story
about why he hates being called the goon
and rightfully so.
He takes a lot of pride in what he did. Absolutely. I don't hates being called the goon and and rightfully so yep he takes a lot of
pride in what he did absolutely and i don't mind being called a goon no i've been called a lot
worse i've been kicked out of nicer places than this absolutely so we had so uh doug smith had
we came down there and so we would drop a bag from the scoreboard uh at in providence and we would
work on the bag and we'd put
like a turtleneck on our neck so
we wouldn't get jersey burns and so
when we would do we would go there
but we would have like this is all before
YouTube and I think
like Trevor Gillies and those guys would love it
like we would simulate
guys who we would fight
that week and from
and I watch fighting now these kids and i'm not saying
this i'm not trying to be a killer these kids these kids can't fight what's the jersey punch
i couldn't this is the ridiculous thing i've ever seen but i started doing that listen call me a
pussy all you want man like i just i couldn't stand in there like those maniacs but it's not
standing in there there was like you know under cross grab, like how you would be able to position your punching angles.
Sure.
And be able to put guys off your feet.
Like you talked about Tidomi, like kind of modeled yourself after that where you're like pulling people off.
Yeah, grappling.
Off balance, grappling, and then be able to, you know.
Sean Thornton was an unbelievable.
Sean Thornton was phenomenal at it.
Dennis Bonvey. Oh, yeah. I think probably just less Thornton was phenomenal at it. Dennis Bonvey did better.
I think there's probably just less emphasis on it because it's so.
There's no still set.
It's a small part of the game that you don't have to learn it.
You know, it's such a small part of the game until it happens to your guy who's got 30 sheets.
Right.
And the agent, if you're not working to that part of your game
and all of a sudden you get flatlined, like, stop it.
Like, if you think you're going to ride that same  you're going to ride that edge
and finish checks that hard and you think that's going to be in,
you should come to my fighting camp, which is going to be this summer.
No, I'm just kidding.
I was like, what?
Well, you should have had R.A. Segway to do it, hadn't you?
Yeah, yeah.
But, I mean, there used to be tons of those fighting camps.
I don't even know. Do they still exist anymore? No, I don't think so. But I mean, there used to be tons of those fighting camps.
I don't even know.
Do they still exist anymore?
No, I don't think so.
I think it was just one of those things that if we were going to do it at the league, where the league was, where it was, like if you were going to practice, you know, shooting
goal, you know, scoring goals and practice, you know, cross-eyed saucer passes, why wouldn't
you practice, you know, being able to take a punch and give a punch?
But what did he say to you?
Had you ever been KO'd or something like that?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I think it was I actually, and people would always ask,
have you ever got knocked out before, like straight knocked out?
And I'm like, of course in my mind, I'm like, no, yeah.
And so the only time I got completely flatlined, completely starched, was we were
remember those games in the American League where you'd be sitting in traffic going up to Albany or Binghamton?
And it's raining.
It's raining, snowing, and you're like, oh, this is terrible.
And you knew you were going in to be a rat and fight too.
And so the games there would be like there'd be no warm-ups.
They'd be like
Well
You're late
You sat here
And we'll do a 10 minute warm up
No ice
The buzz will drop
So I'll never forget
We played Albany
Which we had a gong show
With Albany before
And they had like
Scroob Co
Cam Jansons
A bunch of guys
Cam had got called up
Who was the guy
With the biggest head
In the world
Scurlack
Rob Scurlack
Oh my god
I remember being terrified
No not Skrlak
Skrlak
And they always had
You know
A plethora of guys
Who could answer the bell
So I'll never forget
And then we talked about it
Before in another podcast
Like the stat pack
Like so you could find out
Like this was on YouTube
You'd see
So I remember getting dressed
We're late
At the warm ups
And I was like
Who's this kid Frank Littlejohn
Like with 400 minutes
I fought him in the East Coast League
Yeah tough right
Yeah I think he got the better of it
I didn't know how to fight very well back then
Frank Littlejohn
Littlejohn yeah
You know what biz
I knew how to fight
And I got completely fucking starched
Yeah
And so
I'm sitting there
And I'm like Does anyone I'll never forget Like I'm getting dressed And you know how you're like sitting there And I'm like
Does anyone
I'll never forget
Like I'm getting dressed
And you know how you're like
Walking around
And you're like
Does anybody know this dude
Like as you get
Somebody tell me something
As you're putting like stuff on
And they're like
Five minutes
That's the call back
And so
Tell me something about this guy
Tell me something
Does anyone know
Is he a lefty
Is he a righty
And so like this crazy
Like I think he's an Indian kid
And so there's a couple
The
You know
There's a couple fights
And maybe the second period
Or something
No like
Yeah first period
And I
I remember going
I remember
Our
Our coach was
Rob Murray
Scott
You know
You don't remember Rob Murray
Rob Murray
One of the toughest guys
Like the nastiest
Vicious
Hard working
Players Like maybe 20 years.
Okay.
AHL, NHL guy.
And up and down and was our assistant coach.
But he was just like just a mean guy, but I could get a sense of humor out of him.
And so, you know, there was a couple of checks that went high.
There was a fight that went on before.
And so I jump on the ice and there was this kid, Little i see so now i'm next to this kid and so i go to i go i look
up to him and i go well you know obviously this has happened you ready to do it he just looks over
at me and he's like yep and i was like all right and i was like all right all right cool all right
so puck drops we drop our shit and we're spinning around and this kid's got this crazy stance. Oh, yeah.
Usually when they have weird stances, I'm like, oh, shit.
It's a little bit of a panic.
Yeah.
Some of them are phonies, but other ones you're like, oh, shit.
That and the sleeve tattoo.
This guy was doing it at 10 years old in the woods in Saskatchewan fighting high schoolers.
His knuckles are behind his elbows in some crazy weird stance.
Yeah.
Just drifting back into the goal line.
But isn't there a scene at a blood sport where this guy does this whole
jump around routine before they actually get into it,
and then one punch, the guy's done?
I was more the blood sport guy, kind of just impatient,
being like, all right, come on, are we going to do this?
We're not going to do this.
We're going to do this.
And we're drifting back.
It was like offside dot, and we're drifting by the benches.
And he's got this
cut just his right hands cocked and i'm sitting there and i'm like all right are we gonna do this
or not do this serious so now i'm like after all the coaching i've done and the success that i've
had at that part of the game i was like you know what i've been doing this i have fought everybody
i'm like come here you little kid and like go to grab him on the shoulder pads.
I had zero respect.
And just he was like, sunk.
Just hits me right in the chin.
Surf's up.
I'm on the top of the surfboard.
I'm just like, oh, riding the wave.
Just fucking surfing.
And I'm just like on the top.
And like I try to grab him.
You know, like it's just your fight or flight. But it's more ego because I'm between the two benches.
And I'm just completely.
Try to bring him down with you, baby.
You guys saw the lobster pot I gave him.
I kicked his leg out.
And you don't want to give him the full out win.
You want to be like, oh.
You don't want to lose all momentum for your team.
He punched me and I had an instant smile on my face from the bench,
and all the guys on my team in Providence were like, Walshie, he hit you, and you smiled.
And I was like, because that's how hard I got hit.
And I was like, oh, my God, he hit me so hard.
And I went back in between the benches, and Rob Murray, I picked myself up after the refs came in there,
and I was like, I think I'm okay.
I think I'm okay.
I'm all right.
And Rob Murray just looks at me, and he has a real dry sense of humor.
He's like, way to get the boys going.
My coach.
Right there.
He goes, way to get.
But the timing was perfect, and I was like My ego was My ego was hurt more
Than the punching the hurt in my jaw
And I was like
How can I look back at the guys
And he was like
Hey Walshie
And I was like yeah
Like holding myself up
Against the boards
And he was like
Way to get the boys going
And I just
I was like
Fuck you Murr
Fuck
And like skated off
To go get mended up
How did you guys do?
Did you guys win the game? I can't even remember I was knocked, fuck humor. Fuck. And like skated off to go get mended up. How did you guys do? Did you guys win the game?
I can't even remember.
I was knocked out.
Oh, God.
But I remember driving back in a snowstorm, though.
By the time I came to, we were playing cards.
And I was just like little schnarps.
Crazy Tim Thomas was like, I didn't think it was that bad.
I was like, Jesus Christ, Tom.
I got completely flatlined.
He put an ironed shirt under me.
Did you have a lot of fights growing up as a kid in Dorchester?
Yeah, it's neighborhood stuff.
But nothing out of the ordinary, like one of these guys who fought every other day or something?
No, no.
It's Dorchester.
It's the same as Charlestown.
Most people get along.
Knife fights, gun fights, bar fights, street fights.
Monkey knife fights.
Do you have any other ones that you want us to tee you up with?
Oh, yeah.
You like that?
No, no.
The legendary 56 Minutes in the Spectrum.
So you remember this?
Did you play in the Spectrum?
Oh, I did.
Were you a Wachovia?
No, I played in the old school Philadelphia Phantoms rink, which used to, of course, be
the Flyers old building.
And it was right next door, right?
Yeah.
They built it right across
the parking lot that's where the rocky statue is outside the spectrum right yeah and i i'm
the first time i walked that's down what statues outside the spectrum uh some of the philly yeah
no it's now it's like i think the baseball field what call right there it's what covia the baseball
field that whole center is right there yeah but it was uh it was cool I got to experience it for a few years
In the American League
And you could just tell there was some character to it
And they were still drawing well
For their AHL team
Because I think at the time they might have even been a little bit more competitive
Don't quote me on that
But it was a fucking time
No it was a time
And we used to play, remember Wilkes-Barre
You guys were there
We used to have some battles Wilkes-Barre? You guys were there. Remember the...
We used to have some battles, man.
Battles.
But my favorite game biz was...
You guys must have played in it, which would be like the public school day at the Spectrum.
Oh, 11 a.m.
And there would be like 11 a.m. sparks coming off people's helmets.
And there would be like a five-on-five line brawl.
Kindergarten kids.
Kindergarten kids at the public school day.
And they're big.
Who lives in a farm in the land of the sea?
SpongeBob!
Like the kids would be going crazy.
And there would be like in there.
Bloodsport.
It would be like 10, 30, 11 in the morning.
And it would be bloodsport.
Like why not have this kids game after a three and three in a four o'clock, like a 10 a.m.
game on a Tuesday? Because in a 4 o'clock like a 10 a.m. game on a Tuesday
because there's no hate in that
everyone was just complete
utter hungover and just nastiness
they made sure people were pissed off
going into that game
so you had just a big night though
I actually, it was funny, I actually
right before that, it was
right before Thanksgiving and
remember Alexander Giroux
Awesome player
Played for the
Up and down
Rangers
Yeah he had 50
In the AHL I think
Yeah
So he was like
On the
I'll never forget
He like broke my toe
Separated my toe
With a one timer
And I remember
In Hartford
Right before
This
Spectrum game
I was telling him
I was like
Dude no one timers
No one timers
On the power play
And he was like Oh okay Like while we were playing While they were on the power play was telling was like dude No one timers no one timers on the power Play like and he was like oh okay
Like while we were playing while they were on
The power play and he was like oh okay
And so like thinking that he would do
That not tummy sticks but it was
Just like hey dude fucking asshole like he wound up
Like have some respect have some no fucking one
Time you try to guilt trip him guilt trip
He was trying to score goals so he was like he was
Like no no no I got you I got you and they came in
And then And then finally
He crushes one
One time
And just
I like
Of course I'm like
Don't open my foot up
Don't open
I hit my foot
I open my toe up
I separate my toe
So I'm off
I haven't played in like
Nine days
Scotty Gordon
Says to me
He goes
Hey well
We're going down to Providence
Right before Thanksgiving
It's a Thanksgiving game
And he's like
Do you wanna
You can stay home We're just going down for the game Going down to Philly Go down to Philly To play them Right before Thanksgiving It's a Thanksgiving game And he's like Do you wanna You can stay home
We're just going down
For the game
Going down to Philly
Go down to Philly
To play them
Right before Thanksgiving
And I was like
You know what
I'm with the team
Like absolutely
Go down
Get a sweat
Ride the bike
Try to do skate
If I can't skate
With a broken foot
I'll come back
And you know
Ride the bike
And have some beers
On the bus
On the way home
You know from Philly
Have a good time
Go out to dinner
He's like Okay yeah sure So I Ride the bike and have some beers on the bus on the way home from Philly. Have a good time. Go out to dinner.
He's like, okay, yeah, sure.
So we go to some unbelievable  what was the name of that?
There's a steak joint in Philly.
We get to pick your own knife.
It's like a Porsche or like  I forget the name of the restaurant.
I don't remember.
It was like a really, really, really high-end steak joint. So I go there.
I had these crazy shoes.
While I'm walking home with like Brad boys and a bunch of guys to the hotel. My foot goes, click jumps. But if like
it clicks and it goes back in, I go, dude, Mike, my foot's good. I think my foot's fine.
Foot's fine. So now they have a crazy lineup the next day. And, uh, and I go, Gordo, I
think I can go. And he's like, well, you haven't skated. And I said, I could look at the lineup.
I said, this is.
I ain't been doing much skating, bud.
Yeah, exactly.
I said, I think I can go.
I think I can go.
And I said, I can give you a couple.
I can give you a couple shifts.
That just takes a lot of pressure off the boys.
And that's such a stand-up move by you.
Because people who.
You know what you're getting into.
Yeah, dude.
Absolutely.
That's a stand-up move for the boys.
And no one can get your face caved in, probably.
So I fight Jeff Smith right off the bat.
Big defenseman.
I come in just like...
You got no wind, by the way.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
I do very well against Jeff.
And then Sean Gagnon.
No, no.
Not Gagnon.
He played in Phoenix.
Fedorek? No, no, no. Not Gratt. I keep playing Phoenix. Fedorik?
No, no, no.
Josh.
So I fight Josh Gratton.
Oh, my God.
You fought Josh Gratton.
I probably fight him for like a four and a half minute fight.
And so I catch him on a back check, naturally.
And so he's like going.
Now it's back check.
We go back in the zone.
And I'm like, he's been running around.
He's a psychopath. He didn't bleed, right? He's a psychopath because if he's at going, now it's backtrack. We go back in the zone and I'm like, he's been running around. He's a psychopath.
He didn't bleed, right?
Psychopath because if he's at the end of the shift, his wires would cross and he'd still fight you.
Yeah.
Which like sometimes he had no business fighting.
He should have waited until he was completely.
But he was too mad.
But he would still go.
No, he was pretty fresh.
He would still go the distance.
He would go down.
He was pretty fresh considering the fight.
So we play. So the game's there. He would still go the distance. He would go down. Pretty fresh considering the fight. So we play.
So the game's there.
He's finishing checks like a nut.
And I'm like, oh, Jesus, this is that nut again.
So I'm like, all right, Josh.
I rip him across the arms.
I'm like, dude, we're doing it.
And he's like, I was like, you ready?
So we go and fight.
And people say, oh, do you get nervous fighting?
Do you think?
I said, I don't get nervous.
I don't get anxious.
I don't have anxiety.
That's just me.
I know it pertains to other people.
The only time I felt unnerved, like I hit him with an absolute bomb.
It didn't affect him.
And I was like, we're in there.
And I was like, oh, here it comes.
And he waited to do the thing that I wanted him to do.
And I hit him and crushed him with a bomb.
And he just blinked at me.
And my spine gave out.
I was like, oh, no.
That's all I had.
No, no.
And then I was like, all right, Walshie.
Time for a little lobster pot.
You're going for the ride.
I was like looking at the ref.
I was like, I think we're good.
Get in here.
Hey.
Yeah, I was waiting.
It's like, we're just starting, Brendan.
It's a sick puppy, man.
So we fought hard.
It was like a three, four-minute fight.
We go in the penalty box, come out, and I was like, all right, no winners.
You know, he got the better of me.
No worries.
So then we go out.
And remember Eric Milosz?
Yes.
So I played with Eric.
So Eric was there.
Now, I think they were up by a couple goals.
And their feeling is maybe like six minutes left in this game.
And now I'm back playing again.
Two people get injured.
So now I'm taking like a shift.
Every other shift, I'm like going.
And so I go in and come right out of the zone.
Eric Milosz, before he hits me, like runs me over, he goes, woo!
And smokes me.
Like just completely rim rocks me.
And I'm like, I'm going to fucking kill this kid.
The wires crossed. I'm going fucking kill this kid The wires crossed
I'm gonna kill this kid
So then he goes
Penalty
I get a penalty
Because I try to go after him
Then I line up
For the face off
At like two minutes left
I just called my own change
I was like
You know
Hey you're off
And Eric was taking the face off
And I just went after him
It was just completely
Like the wires crossed
It was crazy
Craig Berube was the coach.
So you have 56 minutes.
So that whole thing just wrapped up 56 minutes,
which at the time for a Boston kid,
and I was like, you know, Johnny Most, the Sixers,
I was like, I got to leave a dent on this.
Impressive.
I got to leave a dent in this spectrum.
I'm going after it.
This is after cracking your foot back into place the night before.
That's incredible, dude.
That's an unbelievable performance from the Dorchester.
Breaking down, punching Josh Gratton as hard as you can.
That's like when you know you're fighting somebody who you don't want to be fighting.
And I'll say this.
When I was fighting Nasty Marasty, there's some times I would clobber him square dead right in the forehead.
That would just drop anyone.
I hit Matt Bradley with the same punches and bradley went down yeah
he just takes them and then your your hand it's like when you fucking hit a baseball
and you get that feeling from the bat yeah times 20 vibration station the vibration and then your
hands done and then he just takes over that's it i know uh what about so we had cam neely in here
earlier we were asking like a milbury story you went went for a visit at BC when he was coach, right?
Oh, my goodness.
So Mike is a phenomenal guy.
We just go all over the map with Walsh.
I know.
Millbury is amazing.
So Millbury had the Boston College job for maybe a minute, right?
I don't know.
Six weeks.
I think he went in.
He's like, this place is  I'm not dealing with this.
Yeah, six weeks.
So I played for the Junior Bruins, and we played, there was a tournament.
So Mike just got the job maybe like on a Friday.
On a Saturday, I was playing in a tournament in like Tingsborough.
It was like the Junior Bruins versus the, you know, it was like a team from Detroit
and a team made up of like Detroit and OHL kids or Windsor kids or something like that to come down to Boston and play.
And these guys were bullying everybody, and it was a real physical game.
And I wanted to get out of there.
I was like, all right.
There was a Dorchester day in Boston.
Oh, yeah, a big party.
A big party.
And I was like, I got to get thrown out of this game.
I got to get out of this game.
So I act like a complete lunatic.
And there was a referee called Gene Benda from South Boston.
Remember Gene, Gene the Dance Machine?
Yeah, he kicked me out of the biggest high school game of my life.
I've talked about it on this before.
So Gene, so okay, invert that whole thought process.
And Gene was like, I know what you're trying to do.
I'm not kicking you out.
I'm not kicking you out.
It's Dorchester Day.
You're staying. So'm not kicking you out. I'm not kicking you out. It's Dorchester Day. You're staying.
So now no one knows that.
And this is the  so Milbury was kind of scouting that game.
I think it was Joe Lyons, right?
Pro Elite.
I think it was like one of the Lyons brothers.
Anyway, it was the Lyons brothers who ran this whole kind of tournament thing.
And I run around, but I'm like playing hard scoring like i'm like if you're
from canada your stick is in the end of my spleen like just like just gashing people and there's no
calls like i look like and i the space that i had for this thing guys were like jesus great who is
this who is this i'm running around like a nut i can't't get thrown out. There's no calls. So it filters through Mike Milbury and then through my dad.
And so it's like, hey, Mike Milbury wants you to come over for a visit.
And a visit was like you go for a visit before your official visit.
Like just come over and talk and see who you are.
This is when I was going out to USHL in Omaha.
And I was like, all right.
So Mike Milbury Comes down And the thing about Mike Great guy
You know
Bright
Funny
Great sense of humor
Comes off kind of stern
And thing but
Dry sense of humor
Dry sense of humor
But like
You know what's crazy
Like Cam Neely
You just talked about
Mike Milbury
Like how gigantic
Are those guys
Huge
Like just big old
Crooked weird dudes
Like they're played
And you're like
Look at the like
All weird and crooked Like Frankenstein played And you're like look at the Like all weird and crooked
Like Frankenstein like
And you're like this is what
These guys were animals
So I go for this visit with fucking Milbury
And I'm walking
I go walk around
He's got like loafers on
And he doesn't even have his boxes packed
And unpacked at the office
And so he brings me around
And he's like oh, you played really hard.
I just wanted to bring you over here and introduce myself.
I like what you did out there.
You played really hard.
You created a lot of space, and you have to play with a lot of intensity
and be ferocious out there.
And this is what some of the attributes that I saw,
and I know of you, that you need to do to come here.
And it looks like I'm with my dad, who's my best friend, like ever gets it, you know.
And I'm sitting with Milbury.
We're all sitting in the office.
This is exactly how it is.
Milbury's there.
My dad's here.
And he's like, I need you to play ferocious.
I need you to do this and do that.
And he goes, it looks like you got a bit of a sharp tongue out there too, huh?
And he kind of leans back. He's got his feet up on the desk. And I'm thinking, you know, this and do that. And he goes, huh, it looks like you got a bit of a sharp tongue out there too, huh? And he kind of leans back.
He's got his feet up on the desk.
And I'm thinking, you know, I'm like 17.
And I'm like, I thought that was the introduction for a line.
Like, you know, all right.
Like, now what?
Like, chirp me.
Like, chirp me.
What do you got?
And so I was like, hey, Coach Milbury, I don't have a problem with you as long as you keep your shoes on.
Referring back to the time when he went up into the stands in New York.
Oh, we were well aware of why you said that.
And beat this guy with a shoe.
Did your father look at you?
No, no, no, no.
Dead silence.
Milbury, like the oxygen comes out of the room.
And I'm like, ready?
Everyone stop talking.
Camera on.
As long as you keep your shoes on.
Silence. Like that. on as long as you keep your shoes on silence like that right and so my father gives me the peter griffin just like slow and who's watched this guy his whole life playing the nhl my and and so
milbury just sitting there and it like it seems like an eternity and then he lets out the best
barrel laugh ever and just he's like ah that's great well why don't you have a great time in omaha
enjoy yourself play hard we'll be in touch okay so yeah okay so you so you got melberry to crack
i got him to crack yeah i got on your on a visit on a visit considering you're probably one of our
our fans his favorite guest maybe that's a stone in the benefit of doubt.
Yes.
Right there.
I love it.
He would be great.
I love it.
Maybe we can start building that wall and bridging that gap between the haters of Millberry.
No, he's phenomenal.
He's a good guy.
And all those guys who work it.
And we talked about earlier in the beginning of the show just the media side and the preparation and how polished that product was and how polishing.
I saw what you guys had on.
Were you guys doing the Trade Center breakout?
One thing about Milbury, too, he's been around long enough.
I don't know how old was he when he first got into media
because as of right now, it's hard being critical.
He got it to a point where he didn't give a shit.
He didn't care who it was.
Well, I think that's part of it, too.
I think he was ripping Crosby pretty hard. He'd rip anyone. He doesn't give a shit. He didn't care who it was. Well, I think that's part of it, too. I think he was ripping Crosby pretty hard.
He'd rip anyone.
He doesn't care.
Are you saying people appreciate the honesty?
I think that they do when it's fair.
I think he was one of those guys, and I think he was so grumpy that he just went over the top.
Dude, Crosby was getting the fucking views back then.
He's very old school.
He's old school. Yeah, and people, especially Hockey back then. He's very old school. Old school.
And people, especially hockey Twitter, hockey Twitter hates old school.
They're kind of fucking soft.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So they hate him more than anyone.
But I'm kind of old school in a lot of hockey shit.
When I was on Nessun and doing the college hockey, I'd be really critical of Hazy.
Because I know the family and Jimmy and Kevin.
But it was like Kevin and and johnny goudreau and and they'd be like like 19 one like like uh one touch passes before they
like missed the net i'm like quit being a hockey snob just get a shot on net create an opportunity
and now they got like 80 sheets in the bank they got a strip of the wrong good analysis
go fuck yourself.
Go arrest someone.
So I guess that explains why you're a cop now.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, shit.
It wasn't so much like the beat of the drum.
It was more so that you just didn't know what the fuck you were talking about.
A little bit.
But if you could say it like that, but I was like, but I did it with pizzazz.
Yeah, you did.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like Milbury. Yeah. Were you older? Or were you coming up with Berard? if you could say it like that but i was like but i did it with pizzazz yeah you did yeah yeah like
milbury yeah were you uh older were you coming up with berard uh i so it was funny we we were
the same i'm a couple years older than brian okay and then uh but i think that one year um
the one year we had uh uh we played in the Providence Journal Bulletin Tournament,
which is like Mount St. Charles.
Chris Drury was in Fairfield.
You were at CM?
I was at Catholic Memorial.
So it was broad, and there was like maybe.
You could say any name, and I would just nod my head.
But R.A. and Witter.
I'm going to give you like the old, I'm like Willie from Welland.
Like there's probably nine NHL, probably six NHL players on that.
In this high school tournament.
Maybe you think, was Greersey there?
We played a very prominent, no, LaSalle.
There was a bunch of players, but Chris Drury was playing for Fairfield.
Was he nasty growing up, Chris Drury?
I don't know.
Was Drury, at 14, 15, was he the best?
He was just a little bit of a late bloomer, but just a robotic business-like existence.
He was kind of like Patrice Berg.
Yes, he was like him.
Very much.
I had Chris Drury, I had Grant Stanbrook, and we talked about Grant, right?
And I had Chris Drury's roommate out at the Olympic Festival.
And he was just this whole business-like approach.
And this is where they pick the world junior team,
and this is where they pick the under-20 team.
And I was trying out for the under-20 team,
and Chris Drury, who was my roommate, was trying out for the world junior team.
Isn't that the same thing?
Yeah.
So we all played.
It was like north, south, east, west, right?
Oh, okay.
So it's all a world junior.
So it would be the Olympic Festival when we were at Denver.
Okay.
You'll love this.
So Grant Stanbrook was one of my coaches on this team.
And we talked about his intensity.
And we talked about just his, you know, a little bit of quirkiness.
Great recruiter.
Just great recruiter.
Unbelievable coach.
And he was my assistant coach on the team.
So I go out like almost every night of this tournament, right?
Because I'm like, you know what?
They picked this thing.
I have no  it's always been the same USA Hockey darlings.
And, you know, it's not a shot against the bow against USA Hockey.
I'm like, all right.
How many times are you going to pick this kid?
He's not even that good, you know?
And so, but he's like, it's the coach's son's kid,
and his father played at Wisconsin, and he's a USA Hockey guy.
So we go play, and I stay out all night, right?
And so I'm in Denver.
I had a little adult sleepover.
I was like 19, 20 years old.
And then I come back to campus
and I sneak back into campus.
Like I had this whole campus like laid out
and at Denver.
So I like, all right, total, you know,
I got to go by the security guard,
which I know he was back at the guard shack
at like 1030
and he wasn't going to go back
to the other side of the campus.
So I would go back to the other side of the campus
to get back in from my sleepover back into, to get of the campus. So I would go back to the other side of the campus to get back in from my sleepover
to get back into campus.
So I get back into my dorm room,
and Chris Drury's my roommate.
So I get back into bed, and I'm like,
what a night.
Walshy, what a night.
So it's like 5.30 in the morning,
and then I'm like, Chris Drury wakes up beside me.
And he's like, hey, Grant came by.
I was like, what?
At what time?
When did he come by?
He's like, well, he came by at 7.30.
And then I went upstairs up here to do crunches and stick handle a golf ball and do everything else.
And he came by at 9 and then came back in at like 1230
to see if you were here.
And I was like,
I'm like, well, back up.
When was he here?
Like, I need to drill this down.
Like, when was he here?
And when did he get here?
How could I get out of this?
So then all of a sudden,
I go to like the next morning.
I go to like the cafeteria.
I'm trying out for a US team.
So I go to the cafeteria
and I'm like, who do I have with me?
I have Mike Greer, BU, NHL, one of the most amazing teammates ever, best guy ever.
Timmy Lovell, very successful hockey guy, one of the funniest kids I've ever played with,
runs a very successful hockey program.
How many more shout-outs we got here?
Chris O'Sullivan, John Coleman.
I'm trying to think of another Boston guy.
You're good.
Just keep to you at the start.
So we talk like six.
So I'm like, all right, guys.
All right.
Now we're war.
I'm like, we're war warming this whole thing, right?
War rooming.
I need your help.
Biz, I'm looking at you.
I need your help.
War rooming.
I know, I know.
And so I'm like, guys, what do I do?
Should I just like blow it off? Do I go up and talk to him? Do I just like, I don't even you. I need your help. War room. I know, I know. And so I'm like, guys, what do I do? Should I just like blow it off?
Do I go up and talk to him?
Do I just like, I don't even know what you do.
You came by.
I was there.
Like, try to like play it off.
I must have rolled off the side of the bed.
Yeah, I was like, I was in the closet.
That's where I sleep, upside down.
You know that.
You know, blood to the head.
You didn't read about that?
So I go.
I'm like a fucking vampire.
That's the fact.
I don't sleep.
So I'm like, fuck it. All right. Irish guilt gets me. I'm like, I got to go see Grant. I got to go up there. Now it like a fucking vampire. That's the fact. I don't sleep. So I'm like, fuck it.
All right.
The Irish guilt gets me.
I'm like, I got to go see Grant.
I got to go up there.
Now it's a dorm room.
I got to get, I just got to face it.
If he sends me home, we're playing in the finals.
Like if he sends me home, fuck it.
I'll just go home.
My parents who just flew out there to watch the final.
And so I have all this going on in my head, inner turmoil.
And so I go to Grant's room.
And I'm like, hey, Grant.
I'm like sitting on the other side of the door.
I'm like, Grant.
And Grant's just crazy in shape like 75.
Like at the time, probably 70, 68 years old.
Ripped, shredded guy.
I'm like, Grant.
I'm like Jerry Seinfeld on the back of shredded guy. I'm like, Grant, I'm like Jerry Seinfeld
on the back of the door. I'm like, should I grab it?
Should I grab the door?
Should I not grab the door? And he's like, oh,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like, I grabbed the door
and I'm like, Grant, okay, coming in.
So I open, the door goes
and smashes up against the fucking other dorm bed. I'm like, Grant, okay, coming in. So I open it. The door goes, and smashes up against the fucking other dorm bed.
I was like, crap.
He's in his tighty-whities and rolls like a barrel roll.
Like he just got shot out of a fucking cannon.
And fucking all up underneath between beds.
And like there's the fucking heater.
I'm like, what the? Grant, are you okay? And he gets up underneath between beds. And like there's the fucking heater. I'm like, what the?
Are you okay?
And he gets up like two seconds.
He's like, hey, what's up?
He had the Jack LaLanne workout things going.
While I was knocking on the door.
Connecting to the door.
And as soon as I opened the lock.
It fucking sent the springs.
He had the thing on full tension.
To the guy who I thought was going to send me home, Biz.
You could have killed him.
I swear to God.
I swear.
And so they go,
boom, boom, boom.
The door reached out.
I was like, what?
And he's like a Greek god,
like a 69-year-old Greek god,
like a nine-pack.
Spartacus.
And so I was like, ah.
And he gets up real quick and he's like, hey,
I wanted to talk to you about the game. We're playing
the finals. And we talked about this
before. Don't change anything about your game. I just
want to reinforce that. Don't change anything
about your game and be ready to play hard.
You're going to go a lot. You need to
shut down this here. You're a shut down guy.
And that's all he wanted to
talk to me about. No comment about.
Nothing.
Nothing.
That's awesome.
And I was just.
You think Drury was fucking with you?
He's got a funny sense of humor.
I was going to say.
You don't think.
Probably.
Maybe.
I didn't even think of that.
Did he acknowledge?
Drury's off with her eyes.
This is like a Kobayashi moment.
Like on the back.
I was like.
In the back.
And I was like.
Drury, fuck it me.
Drury, fuck it me.
Drury, fuck it me.
Drury.
I thought for sure that's where it was gonna go
And you're saying
Drew is the type of guy
Where like
Oh Drew would have no problem
Pulling a prank
And then never even
Letting on ever
That he got you
You know what I mean
Like he was just
No no
He'd be like
He'd be like
The old age home
We gotta ask him
I gotta ask him
I'm too fucking curious
Yeah
You mentioned Mike Greer
You gotta have some
Awesome stories about him.
You said he was an incredible teammate.
He used to truck people.
He used to truck.
When I was there at BU, Jack Park used to give the hit of the night.
It was like a sticker.
Get a decal.
Get a decal.
When I say they should have just gave him a sheet of decals at the beginning of the season.
Like, just apply them when you need to.
Like, whenever you want, here's 200 hits of the night.
Because he, for someone who was, like, the agility that he played with and the size that he played with,
and he could play any which way he wanted.
That was the thing that was scary about Mike.
Like, he was good down low. He was good down low.
He was good on the rush.
He was good on the power play.
Did he look like a worse skater than he actually was?
I think his skating got better.
I remember at St. Sebastian's, we played against him in high school.
He's just raw.
But I think hats off to Mike Boyle
and the staff at BU.
When I saw him and played with him,
when he was skating at me 200 miles an hour
in a low drill,
you couldn't get off the train tracks.
Am I wrong to say his form didn't look unreal out there?
Oh, no.
I don't think skating was ever considered his main strength,
but I think he figured out a way to be able to still run guys over and score,
even though he wasn't a great skater.
Yeah.
But I think Mike Rear would still be, you know,
I knew he had a lot of knee issues and some injury stuff,
but he would be in that category of guys, which I was completely amazed at.
Like, if you were playing
Nine, ten years ago
Considering where the speed
Of the game is going
The agility
The skill
If you're still playing
Like Patrice Bergeron
And Kopitar
And like some of these
Other guys
Ronnie Hainsey
That they're still playing
Like he would be
In that thing
He'd be like
Alright I'll figure out
A way to carve out something
Greerzy also was a guy
Who never drank But was still a guy That would go out something Greerzy also was a guy Who never drank
But was still a guy
That would go out
Every night with the guys
Last guy
So it was really
I think it was cool
Like he knows
If I'm not gonna drink
Still I'll be hanging around
Absolutely
What about
We might have talked about
The first time with you
But I can't remember
How sick Jay Pandolfo
Was in college
Oh my god
Jay
Cause he went on
To be such a checker
People
If you don't know
I mean great defensive forward
To go back to
To go back to How good he was, he scored a natural shorthanded hat trick,
I believe, against Northeastern, where Ben Smith was the coach
right before the beanpot, and Northeastern went on the power play,
and the coach, Ben Smith, like said to the ref, was like,
yeah, we'll decline.
Because Pando's going to score again.
A natural shorthanded
hat trick in the first period three shorties in the first period and he just had like one time
and he was so he his ability to skate and shoot watching those and i'll never forget and how good
he was which would go back to when you had marty turco on and we played Marty Turco in the national championship and how dialed
he was how dialed in Jay was that season I mean he scored like it seemed like every every other
shift he like you know he had a shot on that and or a goal but Turco uh he and we never saw him
uh you know play comes across it was kind of a lazy play one-timer, which was on an initial rush.
And I was like, oh, here we go.
One-nothing.
And Turco blasted from post to post and gloved it.
He was opposite glove, wasn't he?
No, he was all right.
He was trying to stick over to play the puck.
Yes, that's what he did.
And then Jay Pindolfo, I mean, Turco snapped it out of the air.
And in that instance, I was was like it ain't happening tonight
no way it ain't happening just playing a goalie that you
guys hadn't seen that year you hadn't seen and just
how dialed in he was and our thing
was to get in on the four check against
that team and like we kind of pounded the teams
oh yeah but he could play the puck
and think of it like in college all of a sudden
you get into a situation where
you can't like
positionally dump it
and put it to space when you've never done it the whole year?
That's the thing.
People act like, well, why don't you just jump it to the right area?
It's like, yeah, but we don't get it back.
That's like looking back in time in a census, right?
The best coaches are able to slow down time
and adjust in the midst of a game.
One, just because maybe they're just naturally good at it as a player and they've seen it before yes and or they're able to adapt just that quickly
and and more time it's the guy who's experienced it the hard way first yeah biz another guy that
i think uh i don't know as a bu fan islanders fans know was sean bates you remember about him
i've i've always been told that he Would have all his gear Undone
And be out of the room
Before Parker even came in
To give his post game speech
No
Absolutely
This whole
He'd have
He'd run with a family
Of like 35
And they would be up
At T's Pub
Just waiting for Sean
To get there
To do a dance
And just be dancing
On the dance floor
But the things I love
About Batesy
Awesome teammate
Just a Like a quintessential
city kid but just a sick athlete like you're like oh what hockey school did you go to he's like i've
never went never been to a hockey school just as like he was probably a better basketball player
we we used to train remember with perte hasanen yep so we do for conditioning we couldn't go on
the ice because of ncaa rules so you try to build in some type of competitive conditioning.
So we'd do line changes in basketball.
But then the basketball team came down, and then Batesy played with them.
Batesy could dunk.
No.
He could dunk.
Dunk a basketball.
5'9", right?
No, he's like 5'10", but his legs are like tree trunks.
Yeah, he is.
And he could unbelievable sprint.
But he's one of those guys
Like played pickup basketball
His whole life
Like he played on like
Almost like a semi-professional
Softball team
Just a cast of characters
His whole family
I think I've brought him up here before
We talk about those types
Like Joe Pavelski
Yeah just yeah
Like oh what's this
A tennis racket
You know what I mean
Just go out and play
So I remember
But Batesy was notorious
And so
The only time he made Jack Parker
Really laugh We were like winning He'd go these fucking Marathon but Batesy was notorious. And so the only time I made Jack Parker really laugh, we were like winning.
He'd go these fucking marathon shifts, Batesy would, right?
And so it was like, you know, second line center, third line center myself.
And so he'd go on these marathon shifts and I'd be like, oh my God.
So he'd be like down, back, down, back.
And all of a sudden there'd be a breakdown in this fucking kid.
I'm like Batesy.
And I would be so excited. Like freshman in college, there'd be a breakdown. And this fucking kid, I'm like, Batesy. And I would be so excited.
Like, freshman in college, I'd jump out there.
Minus, like, just take a minus.
Because he'd be like, he'd stay with this marathon shift.
And then there'd be like a crazy turnover.
It's a crazy turnover.
He'd be like, just like, cruise over.
He's like, I'm done.
And just change up.
And I'd be like, get out there all intense.
Like, get into the play.
Just enough for the person upstairs. He'd be like, oh, what was that, Walsh, 19? Just, all right, boop. And just change up. And I'd be like, get out there all intense. Like, get into the play just enough for the person upstairs.
He'd be like, oh, what was that, Walsh, 19?
Just, all right, boop.
And just minus.
And so he did it to me the whole year.
And so now I'm like, I'm not taking.
I was like the only minus player at BU.
And so I was like, fuck this.
So he does this one of these Maryland shifts.
He comes down to do the whole, like, oh, I'm changing up.
And, like, I met him at the half of the bench. And I pushed him back out whole like oh I'm changing up and like I met him
at the half of the bench
and I pushed him
back out there
and he tried to get on
I was like no
you take it
take it
sliding down the bench
and like I was like
no no fuck you
you get out there
take your fucking minus
take your minus
but Batesy was like
I laughed
well that was a move
that was a move
that people did
if you changed
or no
if you got on the ice
and then a goal was scored for your team,
guys would turn around and say, hey, man, you're out there that whole shift.
Half the people listening have played hockey to a level probably where they always had
that teammate who would do that to them and been like, oh my God, I fucking hated that
guy on the team.
And they're thinking of the guy who did it the worst to them right now.
Oh, yeah.
Whereas the other half, they never played to that level.
I was the guy. that's when you realize if i don't have anyone it might even be if you're if you're doing
that as a defenseman you're like the ultimate fucking piece of trash because that's the last
line of defense where a forward at least you can kind of be like ah but like i would i would be
one to always change while we're in the offensive zone for two reasons
because like we had a more probability of
scoring if I was changing for somebody because
it was only getting better from
my fourth line left wing spot
and because I didn't
want to get cut out there
past the you know 35
42nd mark in my own end
because then all of a sudden they were swarming
yeah no and then you'd be a complete hemorrhage.
So if you do do that as a player, you're a piece of trash.
Yes.
But if you do do it in the midst of a game where you have the chopstick dance
going back to the bench, at least after the guy takes the minus,
try to talk to the PR guy to either take it or go up to the guy
and acknowledge the fact that you did it to him.
No, you should be able to
just go up and say, no, that was actually his minus.
Let's roll that back. And when
did this play start? It started
at the red line and this guy here was still
on the ice. Although, Batesy,
I went down to Long
Island to catch a
game and was it the
playoffs where Batesy scored
on Curtis Joseph in the was it the playoffs Where Batesy scored On Curtis Joseph
In the
Was it division finals
And he had a penalty shot
You gotta look
I think it was
I think it was Pujo
Oh yeah it was against Toronto
Yeah Toronto Pujo
It was a crazy series
Like Michael Peca got knocked out
Darcy Tucker flying around
That was when
Darcy
I thought Peca tore Tucker's ACL
Was it the other way around No I think All I know it was like It had more Darcy Tucker flying around? That was when Darcy... I thought Peck tore Tucker's ACL.
Was it the other way around? No, I think all I know it was like it had more sideshow.
It was a great series.
It was a great series.
One of those NHL series that just...
I remember the Coliseum going nuts.
It was nuts.
I was right behind.
I was in the family section.
And then he has his book to play.
Penalty shot goal.
Penalty shot goal, Sean Bates.
And you play with this kid.
I was down there visitingiting a buddy of mine
And I'm sitting
In the family section
I'm like
He's gonna get a
Fucking penalty shot
And he got a penalty shot
And then all of a sudden
The kid you played
Hockey with
You know
And I was still playing
But I was like
This is incredible
Yeah that's so cool
This is incredible
And then he had
A penalty shot
And what does he do
Just
I think I
Top cheese
I think he wristed one
Yeah just Like bar down in the playoffs.
You didn't model somebody to get a penalty shot back then.
No, it was complete Hudson Bay rules.
Like, just complete nonsense.
Oh, Walshie, this is great stuff.
How long have we gone here?
Six days.
Oh, that's good.
That's good.
Walshie, we're going to come back here right before playoffs gets going.
We'll have you on again.
I think you're kind of in the Tim Stapleton category
where we could do this for hours and hours and hours.
Write down the next batch of stories, and we love having you on.
You are such a character.
Our fan base loves you.
And even if they didn't, I wouldn't give a fuck
because we're getting entertained enough.
Yeah, exactly.
It's more about us at this point.
Thank you very much.
Please send us a waiver on merchandise featuring yourself and your likeness.
Oh, man.
Absolute character.
I love talking to that guy.
And Walshie, too, the best part is after he comes on,
he always texts us and says how appreciative he is to come on.
He's so thankful, which is nice to hear.
Yeah, we're the best.
You're the best, fellows. You titty fucker.
Yeah, kid fucker, tit fucker. So again, thanks to Walshie, man. He's the man. And listen, hey,
I know the idea of no sports is making people want to reach for a stiff one right now. If you
do end up reaching for a stiff one or two, make sure you're also reaching for the DHM Detox as
well. Okay, guys, our friends at DHM Detox are doing what they can
to assist healthcare workers in the fight against COVID-19, but now they need your help. They've
launched a pay what you want and donate sale, which means you can pick your discount on DHM Detox
to be up to 40 off and they will be donating all profits to purchase surgical masks that go
directly to doctors and nurses on the front lines.
There's a major shortage of masks at hospitals right now,
which has become a serious problem as hospitals are at full capacity.
Here's how it works.
For every 10-pack box purchased, they will be donating up to 35 masks to aid healthcare workers on the front lines, depending on the discount you choose.
All the details on the three discount options are on the website, dhmdetox.com.
The donations will start with New York,
one of the hottest hit areas.
After that, they will continue to donate masks
in areas of need within the US and Canada,
and they will provide updates along the way.
For those of you that don't know,
DHM Detox is a vitamin for people who like to drink alcohol.
If you hate hangovers or just like to enjoy a few drinks here and there, DHM Detox is right for you.
The company is built on the words, no days wasted.
And the product helps boost your body's natural response to alcohol so you can be yourself the next day.
Just take a couple of capsules while drinking and it goes to work.
If you're during your happy hour quarantine, so now is your chance to get the product at a
discount and also support healthcare workers in the fight against coronavirus. So just go to
dhmdetox.com to get up to 40 off your order and donate masks to those in need who need the most.
All the details are also on the Instagram page at dhmdetox. So help them out and then you're
helping out the frontline workers as well, Biz. Great job, great initiative by dhm detox so help them help them out and then you're helping out the frontline workers as well
biz great job great initiative by dhm detox yeah my buddy nishal i didn't even know i just got this
ad read before the episode i hadn't really looked at it until i just was supposed to read it and
obviously i wasn't gonna read that because we would have been here for three fucking hours
so thank you to ra for picking up the slack there and, and big ups to Nishal for,
for all that work.
Absolutely.
I know you've got a few things you want to talk about business.
I know you had some goofy topics.
You like to share with the people.
What do you got for us?
Well,
I wanted to talk about Gallagher's acting.
Is that on Tik TOK?
Is that what he's doing it on?
Yeah,
he's on Tik TOK.
I actually wrote a blog the other day about the five best hockey accounts to
follow on Tik TOK. And Brendan Gallagher came in. Is he the best player? Yeah, without's on TikTok. I actually wrote a blog the other day about the five best hockey accounts to follow on TikTok, and Brendan Gallagher came in at number six.
Is he the best player?
Yeah, without a doubt the best player.
Who is also good is Kevin Biexa.
He's crushing the TikTok.
I saw one he did with his dog.
He's killing it.
Do you see the one with when he was a bitch?
Gallagher, what was the one when he was a different person every day?
I don't remember.
He was the Backstreet Boys.
He did the Backstreet Boys one where he was a different member of the Backstreet Boys.
And then he did a really good one where he was Dwight Schrute.
So he's killing it right now.
Well, listen, so there's probably a lot of people listening right now who are out of that realm.
And they're a little older who are maybe now considering getting on TikTok.
Probably not a lot of you.
But there's an issue right now with TikTok.
Because I heard that it's a China owned company where they're taking like
credit card information.
And apparently they're going to try to maybe shut it down or something.
Are you guys reading about that?
Or am I just going crazy inside quarantine here?
I have no,
I've seen,
I've seen all that stuff,
bitch.
All right.
So I,
I mean,
I mean,
it's,
it's,
it's fortunate for you G that you have wits credit cards on file. So if anything does happen, it's just for you, G, that you have Witt's credit cards on file.
So if anything does happen, it's just coming off of his account.
But be careful to anyone downloading TikTok to watch Brendan Gallagher
put on an absolute clinic.
He's probably the best actor in hockey right now.
Really?
You're giving him that title?
100.
Well, him and Avery
Well, Biz has acted with him.
He was in Biz Nasty Does Be Soon.
How about Keith interviewing you on that clip? Yeah, him and Avery. Well, Biz has acted with him. He was in Biz Nasty Does Be Soon. Hey, how about Keith interviewing you on that clip?
Yeah, that was a young Biz.
I used the word.
Buddy, how about you're like, yeah, she sounded hot, though.
It was the most Biz thing ever back then.
Yeah, can't say that anymore, and I wouldn't, would never.
Hey, did you, I think I sent the video to the group thread.
It's that video.
I don't know if it's on TikTok.
It's people taking headers, and then when they hit,
it sounds like a music beat.
Oh, I saw that.
That was so funny.
Oh, my God.
The one that's the Warner Brothers beginning little,
like before a movie started.
I'm not going to try to make the noise like you just did,
but you know what I'm talking about.
So with no sports, we're entertaining ourselves on social media now.
There's a lot of funny stuff going on online,
other than the fact that that dude with the huge schlongs
has been getting passed around.
I saw some girl who made these.
The tweet went viral, and she was making these.
They look like daiquiris with Pink Whitney and Starbursts.
Oh, yeah.
That went huge viral. That went huge viral.
That went big viral, Wade.
I think she got 30,000 likes on that.
I love.
No, it was 100.
I think it was 100,000.
I love Starbursts.
The only thing is, when you have to take a rapper off every individual one,
it drives you insane for a guy who doesn't like trash around.
That's me.
The minis.
I hang out with you three. The minis without without the rappers those are the go-tos that's
what she had in those little bags um oh they don't yeah i'm sorry get the big bag that you
so the reason we're so we're the reason well at least i'm talking about social media right now
is because like i said there's nothing on tv things are are entertaining on instagram live
you're getting some of these music producers
who are going head-to-head with their whole catalog.
Like they had Manny Fresh going against Scott Storch the other night.
What does that mean?
What do you mean going against?
Like a fun little just to entertain people.
Everyone's on their phones right now.
They were making beats on the spot.
So it's like one guy would make a beat and then send it to the other guy.
And then the other guy would show his beat.
I think I will keep time out for,
for Manny fresh and Scott storage.
If I'm not mistaken,
I was late to the party because my buddy was telling me about it,
but they were going their songs that they've produced back and forth.
There's,
I believe there's like DJs doing it now where they're like creating these
beats on the spot so the music world's kind of doing their thing so it's cool when they're
jumping on this instagram live and you can have two people on the screen you know to enter to
entertain the people that is cool so he's playing still dre which he i think he helped produce it or
wrote the beat for it whatever and he's doing the live piano on it.
Just fuck, dude.
It gets you going, man.
Scott Storch, he's a beast.
Never heard of him, but I'm going to check this out.
Oh, dude, Scott Storch.
A lot of people reach out to me about the 8D music.
And there was many, many people.
I was surprised.
This music sucks.
I never said I loved the music.
I said it was mind-blowing.
I haven't really decided if I like it yet.
I'm on your side.
Jesus, everyone come at me.
Relax, relax.
I'm not a big marshmallow guy either, but it was cool.
Well, I wasn't even marshmallow.
It's more of this every song.
I'm not sure if I would want to listen to music like that all the time.
It was just a very new experience.
Quickly, Scott Storch was one of the biggest guys in the music industry,
and he basically just got hooked on Blow, blew all of his monies.
He went down the tubes.
I think he's since gotten sober, but he smokes a shit ton of weed,
but he's got his fastball back.
He's making fucking beats.
He's the man.
He's the man.
He's a cartoon character.
I think he would just jump on his jet and fly to New York when he was living in L.A. to go to a sushi restaurant and then head back.
He was just a wild man.
So you know that the best sushi I've ever had,
I think I brought up in Pittsburgh, called Umi.
Yeah.
It was on, I believe it was Shadyside.
And apparently Alexei Kovalev loved the place so much
that when he ended up on the Montreal Canadiens after his time in Pittsburgh,
he also was a pilot and had his own plane,
and he bombed down for dinner at UMI some night to fly back to Montreal.
I was told, this is the best sushi I've ever had in my life.
Who would believe?
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The iron country.
Some of the wealthiest players, including Comrie,
have said this is the best sushi they've ever had.
Who would have thunk in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the best sushi?
Yeah, it's all about the sauce, I would imagine.
You've got people burning fossil fuels just to eat their sushi.
I can't wait for when life comes back and we get going again someday,
it'll be different, but we'll be back.
I can't wait to go to Pittsburgh, Biz.
That's one of our up-and-coming number one places we got to go.
We both played there.
They love the Pink Whitney in Pennsylvania.
What the hell are we doing not having a little weekend celebration in
what is their nickname as a city?
The Berg?
I thought it was City of something.
Either way.
Oh, City of Champions.
They call themselves that.
They had a pretty good stretch there.
But I want to go back to Diesel.
Yeah, but that's Boston.
Diesel.
Remember Diesel?
Diesel Nightclub?
That's where Bugsy slapped me in the face With a piece of pizza
If you are an athlete
And we have some athletes who listen to the show
You know how hard it is to find clothes that fit you well
The truth is men's clothes are not designed
For guys with bigger asses and legs
Especially when it comes to jeans
Well I have good news
The answer to your problems is finally here
Muggsy jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us
Muggsy was started by a stoolie Who was tired of having his balls choked out in his jeans and his goal was
simple. Reinvent men's jeans to look good and feel outrageously comfortable. He spent five years
working with industry experts and athletes like former NHL player and Hobie Baker winner Blake
Jeffron to perfect the perfect fit and feel of his jeans. The magic is in Mugsy's proprietary denim,
which is made
from a bunch of high-tech materials that make these jeans mind-blowingly soft and flexible.
And when I say flexible, I mean these jeans are so stretchy you could hit the ski slopes on them,
no problem. They're so comfy, they make basic movements like sitting, bending, and kneeling
feel like a dream. No exaggeration, you'll want to sleep in these jeans. God knows I have. Even
better, Muggsy's come in a stylish fit that's not too baggy, but not too tight, so you somehow look even better than you
feel. And you want to look good indoors for yourself or your partner? You want to look good
for your boss on that important Zoom call you have later? Well, then you need to choose Mugsy.
Men's Health called Mugsy jeans the best jeans for athletes for good reason. Take our word for it.
Give Mugsy jeans a try, and you won't be able to wear any other jeans again.
And Mugsy is so confident you'll love their jeans.
They do free shipping and returns.
So your comfort is 100 guaranteed.
Do your legs a favor.
Head to Mugsy.com.
That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Mugsy's full lineup of jeans and safe for work chinos,
including new styles and sizes.
Use the code SPIT for 10
off. That's a beer on us and a pair
of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made
by heading to Muggsy.com
using the code SPIT.
I want to talk about on Twitter.
Twitter's got to add a feature when someone's trending.
They have to have the words like
not dead right after it because
you always see... You said this before.
Did I?
Okay.
We fucking repeat all.
No, no.
I'm just saying this has been something you've brought up prior.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You see like some famous actor or a person you like and they're like, oh, no, they're dead.
Now when you click on it, all it means is that people are just talking about them, but has something completely unrelated to it.
It psychs you out for a little bit.
Yeah.
When I hear a famous name trending, I always click on it.
I'm just genuinely curious. I'm like,
no.
Nothing bad happened.
ESPN, a couple other quick notes here.
They had a poll.
It was for the best college player ever
and Michael Jordan won it.
Listen, Jordan's Jordan
in the NBA, but Michael Jordan's not the best college basketball player ever.
It's not even close.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar went like 87 and won four titles back to back.
Even Kareem Abdul-Jabbar tweeted LMAO after the results come out.
And he's not a guy you usually know for his shit talking either.
Okay.
I don't know nothing about basketball, but it sounds like that guy who won four.
He won four straight. He went to the final four stuff. Was that happening back there?
I was in the sixties. Did they have the final four then?
Well, they didn't call it then, but they had the national championship and yeah,
UCLA who we played for, they did. They won like, I think four or five in a row.
He, they had like an 87 on game, 87 game winning streak.
They actually changed the rule,
the rule when he played, Biz,
when he was still known as Lew Alcindor.
They banned dunking.
They said you can't dunk anymore because Kareem was so good
that they changed the rule in college.
They said no more dunking.
So, I don't know, just a little recency bias.
And one other thing, Biz, remember I told the story.
I know what's about to puke.
But when I said the worst place I had to drop a deuce was at a shitty strip joint.
Oh, my God, I'm taking my earphones out.
All right.
I want to hear it.
Yeah.
Some fans were very intrigued about your shit story.
It's probably better than mine.
So I was sitting there on the throne, right?
And I hear the door open.
I look down, and I see a pair of sneakers.
I recognize them.
They're like one of my fucking best friends.
But he didn't know where I was, so he's sitting there going to the bathroom.
I was like, hey.
He's like, what's up?
I was like, I'll finish you off for 50.
And I disguised my voice.
So he's like, he freaked out.
He's like, and he like ran out of there
and washed his hands and bummed out of the bathroom.
You're a sick fucker, right?
Freaked him the fuck out.
So I walked out.
He's like, that was you in there?
He's like, I thought it was some fucking pervert
trying to fucking get with me.
But yeah, I was like, I'll finish you for 50.
Oh.
You can just picture it.
Hey, here's one for Chicklets Memes, the scene in Basketball Diaries.
Insert R.A.'s head.
What was his name, the coach's name again?
I don't know.
Basketball Diaries?
Oh, yeah.
I still have it on DVD.
That was one of the ones I bought.
I was one of my favorites.
Swifty.
Swifty. That was his name. Come on, Sw I was one of my favorites. Swifty. Swifty.
That was his name.
Come on, Swifty.
What are you doing, Swifty?
Yeah, I haven't watched it in probably eight years.
I got to get that one back on.
We got time on our hands.
You know what I'm going to watch again is Gangs of New York
because when I said I wasn't a huge fan,
I had people reach out.
It's a great movie.
So I'm going to give it another shot with closed captioning on
because I'm 83 years old. What's that mean? With the words? Yeah So I'm going to give it another shot with closed captioning on because I'm 83 years old.
What's that mean?
With the words?
Yeah, I'm going to start.
I've been using that more.
I can't hear.
Oh, all the time.
I can't hear anything.
Oh, God.
Wait, you mentioned.
I used to pump music way too loud in the headphones, I think.
My hearing is going to shit.
You mentioned Road to Perdition, I think two episodes ago,
about good Tom Hanks movies.
That just dropped on Netflix, so I included it in my blog Saturday night.
I gave some suggestions, and a lot of people watched it,
and they were surprised.
They had never seen it before.
It got a lot of good reviews on it.
And I got one other thing before we get ready to wrap up here.
We talked about Hershey on here a couple weeks ago.
She had my love for Hershey, and, well, lo and behold, in the mail I got a little Hershey gift package from a Hershey on here a couple weeks ago. She had my love for Hershey, and well, lo and behold, in the mail,
I got a little Hershey gift package from a Hershey angel out there.
So thanks to the fellow who sent me some chocolate.
Probably the last thing I need right now being the fat prick that I am,
but I'll take it.
You said you had to eat chocolate before you go to bed, right?
That's a thing?
Well, just during the day, I needed like a fix,
but I did kind of draw back a little bit of it because I was like um there was one more thing i wanted to mention that derrick grant
great guy i think he lives in cologne in the summer i think he's a bc boy um he named his
dog camus but that was what oh yeah i think i thought man listen I was what a name I would have named my dog someday camis and so I
was thinking I want one of those big fluffy dogs the one that teddy purcell has but maybe even
bigger and fluffier and I think opus would be a good one so getting on the wine names
not bad hey call it opie come on opie I like that my dog's name will be Yellowtail Bisc Yellowtail
Boxed Yellowtail
Commishably
I use that Yellowtail joke way too much
I beat the shit out of my jokes
Did you have any other goofy stuff
You want to share before I close off
With the final note
I covered the Manny Fresh and Scott Storch
I hope more of that music shit keeps happening, man.
I really like it.
Some of you might be like, dude, shut up.
We don't care.
So there's no hockey to talk about.
I will talk about that.
Okay.
All right, boys.
Well, today does mark two years since the Humboldt Broncos bus tragedy.
I'm sure it doesn't get any easier for the folks who've been left behind.
We just want to let everybody know that we you know, we're here at Chicklets.
Always, always supporting you.
Anything you could ever do, anybody connected, reach out to us.
We'll support you all the time through thick, thin.
If we can ever do anything, feel free to DM any of us at any time.
And if we can help you, we obviously will.
And also, we want to remember those who were lost.
It's kind of crazy.
It's already been two years,
but I'm sure that it's been a lot longer for the people who have suffered and
who've been left behind.
So we just wanted to acknowledge the day and send our hearts and our love to
everybody who's been left behind, who's been involved with us.
And you're in our thoughts today and hopefully today's a little bit better for
you.
Well said, R.A. I'll never forget.
I'll never forget where I was when I read about that on Twitter.
Just a horrific night.
And it's hard right now not to, you know,
we're trying to take a break a couple times a week
just to get away what's going on.
It's a very hard time in life for everyone.
And it's such, before we finish off, I'll say,
what's going on right now is such a mind fuck
because you think about how, how different and how, how change your life is and what,
what is affecting you. And then you get annoyed and you're like, Oh my God, it's so hard. You're
at home. And then you, you think of the people that are in hospitals and we keep hearing this
week and the next two weeks is going to be really hard for our country, Canada.
It's just our thoughts and prayers are out there.
And then you realize kind of what people are actually going through that are sick
and dealing with this horrible virus, this coronavirus, just horrific what's happening.
But then life's so weird.
You're still living your life.
So then something the next day bothers you that you can't do in your life.
So I hope people don't ever take anything personal in terms of us coming on here and joking around.
We're just trying to get our minds off things.
But don't think for a second none of us aren't heartbroken for what people are going through out there everywhere in the world.
So it's just such a shitty time.
But I think that these little get-toghers and listen to the podcast that I do, it gets your
mind off things. You got to get positive energy. You got to embrace the suck we talked about.
And so for everyone listening, we're all in this together, a weird time, but I'm certainly very
grateful that I can come on and talk to you guys a couple of times each week because it makes this
easier here, here, and very well said guys, very sad day.
One of the kids reached out to me on Instagram actually today. He,
he was the one who reminded me that it's happening tomorrow.
So I shot RA the text and I mean, Christ, it's a, I remember that,
that day shook the hockey world to the core and, and for many weeks after.
And I think that, you know,
we still haven't fully recovered from that experience.
So love you guys.
That's, I mean, I was going to end the episode also
with the fact that Bill Withers passed away.
He, you know, folks,
some of you might even not know who that is as a musician,
but if any of his songs came on,
you would probably be able to belt out all the words.
He was a true songbird of many generations.
So we just wanted to give our condolences to his family.
I'm a huge music guy, and his music affects me on a personal level
because the words mean so much in his music.
So that's it.
That's a tough way to end the episode.
Take care of everybody.
Take care of everybody.
As always, we'd like to say thanks
to our wonderful sponsors
here on Spittin' Chicklets.
Big thanks to everybody
at New Amsterdam Vodka
and Pink Whitney.
A big thanks to our new friends
over at MeUndies, Super Comfy.
Big thanks to everybody at Bud Light.
Thanks for helping us out.
And the East Coast players,
thank you as well.
Big thank you to DHM Detox
for taking care of us
when we have a few.
And a big thanks to Mugsy Jeans for the snugness and comfort of your jeans.
Have a great week, everybody.
Sometimes in our lives
We all have pain
We all have sorrow
But if we are wise
We know that there's
Always tomorrow
Lean on me
When you're not strong
And I'll be your friend.
I'll help you carry on.
For it won't be long till I'm going to need somebody to lean on. Lean on me Swallow your pride If I have faith
You need to borrow
For no one can fill
Those of your needs
That you won't
let show
you just call
on me brother
when you need a hand
we all need
somebody
to lean
on
I just might have
a problem that you'll understand.
We all need somebody to lean on.
Lean on me.
When you're not strong.
