Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Blue Apron,
the number one fresh ingredient delivery service in the country.
So here's the deal with Blue Apron.
Their mission is to make incredible home cooking accessible to anyone and everyone.
And as we all know, fresh, high quality ingredients make a huge
difference. So it's important to know where your food comes from and Blue Apron helps you do just
that. So for less than 10 per person and per meal, Blue Apron delivers seasonal recipes along
with pre-portioned ingredients to make delicious home cooked meals. Choose a variety of new recipes
each week or let Blue Apron's culinary team surprise you.
This week, I got the Parmesan crusted chicken with creamy fettuccine and roasted broccoli.
Oh my God, it may be the best meal I've ever had. Blue Apron has special delivery options so you can
choose what fits your need. And for you family guys out there, cooking together builds strong
family bonds. Research shows that Blue Apron families cook nearly three times more often.
Check out this week's menu and get your first three meals free
with free shipping by going to blueapron.com slash chicklets.
And trust me when I say this, you're going to love how good it tastes
and feels to cook home incredibly cooked meals.
So that's blueapron.com slash chicklets.
Go get your free meals now.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
This episode is also brought to you by Spittin' Chicklets.
Let people know that you're out there gassing beers and chucking nuts
and supporting our show by rocking our official gear.
Go to barstoolsports.com slash chicklets
and order up a nice gassing beers and chucking nuts tank top.
If you're a Flyers fan, we've got a beautiful orange and black spitting chicklet shirt also ranges montreal colors we got
a few more team colors coming out uh the playoffs are here best time of year get your gear go on
basketballsports.com chicklets so i'm sorry slash chicklets uh if you're not up for any gear you
can't afford it then just listen to the show.
We've got tremendous support from hockey fans all around the world.
We keep getting better and better every week
because of the support from our fans, our listeners.
Again, barstoolsports.com slash chicklets
if you want to order some gear.
Otherwise, just tune in to Spittin' Chicklets,
the number one hockey podcast on the planet. Tonight's the night we're gonna make it happen
Tonight we'll put all other things aside
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 26 of Spittin' Chicklets
Brought to you by Barstool Sports
Our friends Mike Grinelli and Ryan Wiggy What up, what up, Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Friends, Mike Grinelli and Ryan Wigley. What up, what up?
Yep, you got to mention them.
Our very special guest is back for our return engagement, Mr. Mike Commodore.
Say hello, Commie.
Hey, guys.
What's up?
Thanks for having me.
Buddy, dude, we've had many, many requests.
We've had online Twitter requests.
We've had drunken in-person requests.
We've needed more Commie in our lives, so this is perfect.
And we got him in for the most wonderful time of the year.
Prediction time.
Prediction time.
Perfect.
But before that,
Wits was down Augusta.
What do they call it?
Oh, yeah.
You never heard of Augusta National Golf Club?
Call me.
You ever heard of that place?
No, I'm talking about the town.
Ah, I ring the bell.
Yeah.
Well, I was down there,
and I can say that it's the best place I've ever been to.
Well, actually, Augusta is disgusting.
That's why they call it disgusta.
But in terms of getting on the ground, you don't have your phone, nothing to do.
You walk around.
You can't believe how everything's so uphill, downhill.
It just doesn't do justice on TV.
And in the end, we saw an amazing tournament.
I was there.
I saw Spieth make the nine on Thursday. So that kind
of crushed him. But moving forward,
it was just gas and beers that
are all 2, by the way. The
sandwiches are 1. There's no logos on
anything. The bathroom lines just
run like machines because
there's guys in there going, two shake limit!
Two shake limit! Two shake
limit! To remind you to shake your hose twice
so that you can get out of line quick
But it was just an amazing experience
And I know I'm sure you guys watched
I was happy for Sergio
Yeah it was good stuff
I mean obviously
It was a patented choke move with Sergio
I mean a putt to miss the fucking
Hit the master
Six footer about
And he gags it
And then you think
Alright he's no way he's going to win this playoff
But then you know
Rose comes up
Fucking gags his first shot
And it was pretty easy
Sailing for Sergio.
I was happy for him.
I mean, I'm not the biggest golf guy, but I'm a degenerate gambler,
so I am in tune with a lot of that stuff.
So I was happy for the guy.
I mean, I remember him as a kid now.
I see him, he's bald, and he's got a gray beard.
That's a little bit like me, bald, gray beard.
I can relate to that.
What did you think, Tommy?
Yeah, I watched most of it.
I was doing a Gordie Howe Cares hockey tournament in Calgary,
but we had to go in the locker room and everything, but I did see the end.
Yeah, you know what?
I had Rose in my pool, so I was kind of rooting for him,
but it was just the pool, so really who gives a shit?
I'm not a big Sergio fan, but I was definitely happy for him.
And like you guys said, when he missed that putt on 18, I was like, oh no.
I mean, if I'm going head-to-head
with those two guys, I'm going to take
Rose's experience. I mean, that guy's
nails. And then, like Ari
said, he blew his ball in the bush, and
see you later.
One of the funniest things for the weekend for me
was watching Commie's Twitter, where he kept
bringing up the green jacket with the NHL.
Now, mind you, I have a quick green jacket story for me.
I won it for Wilkes-Barre, the lockout year, and I was minus 21.
I was minus 10 in the first two games of that year, by the way.
Minus 5, minus 5.
Did you fucking imagine that, Comey?
Yeah, no, this one there weren't even empty net goals.
I was falling over.
It was the worst two games of all time.
But either way, we finished the year, and we had like six days before the playoffs.
So, Alain Nazardine, he's now the assistant coach of the Devils.
He brings in our big green jacket.
Congratulations with the whole team's there like after a video session.
And I'm dying laughing.
I put it on.
I see Terry, and he looks at me with a serious face.
Very fucking funny.
I'm like, holy fuck.
I'm getting ready for the playoffs. Give me a break.
Call me. That was classic running through
the NHL leaders. Who ended up taking it?
It ended up being
we have co-champions this
year.
Co-champions. Yeah.
Shane was way ahead. Well, I shouldn't say way ahead.
He was ahead by five going into the week.
Masters week.
Barry battled hard and put together some birdies, and I think they both finished at
34 under, I think was the number.
And didn't Gabriel Lindeskog find a picture of Duchesne with the green jacket and sent
it to you on Twitter last night?
Yeah, that was great.
I couldn't believe it.
Yeah, they both had green.
I'm assuming they were on a golf course.
Well, they were on a golf course.
It looked like, well, yeah, Tyson Berry had a golf glove on.
Now they think about the picture.
So, yeah, they were golfing.
So I'm assuming he probably bought them a couple of green jacket pullover golf style things that were both the same,
and they both put it on and raised their fingers as number one.
I thought it was great.
I laughed my ass off.
Hilarious.
Especially that those guys were able to laugh at the situation.
Make lemons out of lemonade, right?
Yeah.
Go ahead. No, no. I'm sorry. I was just going to
say how big of a thing it is in the
locker room. Because all your
guys are like, dude, you got it right now, man.
You're like, fuck. I can't win this thing.
So teams definitely stay on top.
At least their teams and especially the leagues.
Oh, yeah.
I remember being in Columbus.
My first year were good, so the green jacket wasn't an issue.
But my second year, we weren't so good.
And guys are down.
We had a pretty young team.
So a lot of them I don't think really knew about the green jacket.
So I kind of brought it up, and I started kind of getting it going with like probably like a month to go.
I was like, hey, Derek Broussard, hey, you're leading the Masters right now.
You've got to be excited.
He's like, what are you talking about?
And then I'd be like, you know, with the plus minus and all that.
And then it got to the point, like the last couple weeks of the year, like we're going into Chicago.
And I'm like seeing who's coming on the ice.
If it was anybody like Patrick Kane or anything like that, guys are going off the glass and changing so fast.
And guys are, you know, like I would be on the ice.
I'd get scored on in Chicago.
I'd skate by our bench, and Derek would be, like, laughing.
I mean, in a terrible year, it's a way to have fun at the end anyways.
Yeah, there you go.
Before we get to the playoffs, I just want to cross off a couple of tees,
dot a few i's about league goings-on the last couple of days.
Vancouver fired their coach, Willie Desjardins.
Two years, no playoffs.
LA Kings.
Like he had a roster to do it with.
Exactly.
That's a great coach you're just getting rid of.
Okay, good move, Vancouver.
Exactly.
Dallas gets rid of Lindy.
Well, they should say Ruff's contract was up.
Apparently, they thought he was supposed to win a Stanley Cup
but letting in Niemi for his goalies.
They let him go.
Florida, what the fuck are they doing?
They get rid of Talon, get rid of Gallant, bring in Rowe, and then they fucking get rid of Rowe, bring in Gerard.
I mean, I'm sorry, Dale Talon to run things again.
And then the Kings got rid of Dean Lombardi and Sutter.
They got, what's his name, Robitaille, and Rob Blake's the GM now.
Robitaille's team president.
I mean, call me, what do you think about in Florida?
Rob Blake's the GM now, so robotized team president.
I mean, call me.
What do you think about in Florida?
The fact that Talon is now back and the other ones are gone,
it's like it never even happened.
If they go hire Gallant, I'll shit myself.
Seriously.
I don't know what the fuck the Florida Panthers are doing.
I honestly have no clue.
I was following that shit during the year.
I'm like, wait, what's going on there?
Doing okay?
Ken, Gallant, everybody loves them. It's kind of tough for year. I'm like, wait, what's going on there? Doing okay? Can't go on. Everybody loves them.
It's kind of tough for me because I really like Tom Rowe also. I know he was involved
there and I have a good relationship
with Tom from Lowell. My day's in
mass, but I don't know what the fuck
they're doing there. I mean, it is...
I'm just guessing, but it sounds like
the guy running it has no fucking clue what he's
doing. The owner or whatever?
What the fuck is he doing? It sounds like they have too many non-hockey people making decisions that are affecting the team.
Too many Indians, not enough Chiefs.
Yeah, too many chefs in the kitchen.
Too many Chiefs, not enough Indians.
I think you got it backwards.
Yeah, you got it backwards.
Sorry, I'm politically correct.
I don't use those words anymore.
This is the guy who thought Biz's Ontario AHL team is in Toronto.
He thought it was the Ontario Canada fucking rain, not in L.A.
But either way, Florida, I think they have a really good young core,
so they could be good in the few coming years.
They just got to figure out what they're going to do.
And it's just interesting to see that end that L.A. had.
I mean, L.A., what a run they had.
Two Stanley Cups, get to Game 7 of the Western Conference Finals.
Another year, Chicago beat them, lost in overtime.
And it's the end of Sutter and Lombardi.
So they'll be on to somewhere pretty soon.
I wonder if Sutter gets hired by Vegas.
Yeah, there's a lot of openings.
And as far as L.A., man, I think it was almost like a situation with the Bruins
where they kind of ran its course.
They probably got a little sick of, sadder in the room.
Lombardi, great GM.
He goes far.
But he wasn't 100 on his hits this year.
So great run by the Kings.
But this is what they do.
Guys get fired.
And now we forget about those shitty teams.
Yeah.
And we concentrate to what we really care about.
Playoff.
This is the spitting chicklets playoff preview for 2016-17.
Nine of the 16 playoff teams had a different coach last year.
And, Grinnell, you will read off series,
and we'll just give our little thoughts on is that how we're going to do this.
You can tell there's a lot of planning that goes into this.
Yeah, absolutely.
So let's start in the Western Conference.
Kami, what do you think?
We'll start with the Blackhawks and Predators.
Who do you got?
And, you know, give me an X factor.
Oh, I'm not going to dive too deep.
Yeah, I would.
You know what?
I have a tough time.
You know what?
I'm not betting against.
I like Nashville.
I don't mind them.
I actually watched them play a couple times this year in person
because I'm buddies with the real deal James Neal.
So I went to watch him play.
Guy can score.
But I just can't bet against the Hawks.
I mean, they've got too much firepower, I think.
I shouldn't even say firepower.
Well, they do have a lot of firepower,
but I'm going to go with experience nine times out of ten,
and they have it in spades.
All right.
I mean, I can't pick against the Blackhawks.
The problem for Nashville is they are a good team.
Call me said it, but they're just stuck in this division.
It's been 10 years almost.
I mean, maybe eight of them being really good,
and they're just not going to beat Chicago.
It's like you try as hard as you can.
You make these big deals.
I just don't think it can happen.
But I think it goes six games.
I don't think Chicago's thinking it's going to be easy.
I'm going to preface my predictions by saying these are merely predictions I say online.
If I don't actually put money on it, then you can't give me shit on Twitter for it.
I go money game by game.
Yeah, if I'm putting money on it, feel free.
But Chicago-Nashville, I got money on both of these teams to win the Cup.
I actually got Chicago 8-1 at the beginning of the year, which is a great price.
I got Nashville 28-1.
I think Nashville, and I think they might break through this year.
I know Chicago's a better team, obviously, but P.K. Subban is a huge factor.
I know they didn't have him last year.
Of course, they had Shea Weber.
I think he's going to be tough for the Blackhawks to handle.
Pekka Rene is certainly capable of out-dueling.
He has to be good.
He has to be excellent, and I think he can.
I think he can out-duel Corey Crawford.
So I'm going to go Nashville in seven.
All right, Minnesota, St. Louis.
Kami, who do you got?
I am going with Minnesota.
Really?
I don't love them.
Yeah, I don't love them.
I kind of like the Blues in the playoffs, but I'm going to go with Minnesota.
They've had a good year.
They've had a really good year.
Other than that, to be honest, I don't know a whole lot about their team other than they have
a pretty good decor. But I'll
go with Minnesota. I don't think it...
I'll say Minnesota and...
They have home ice. Minnesota
and...
Five.
Oh, really?
I got the Blues. I got the Blues all day.
I got...
Minnesota, yeah, they had a great season.
They had a great run.
But when you've been this shitty the final, like, month of the season,
like three weeks, I mean, they've been horse shit.
So it's just like  I know it's a new season,
so you can make an argument for both ways.
I think, though, that if you look into it,
when you're playing a St. Louis team who's good and deep
and they've made changes  they lost Shattenkirk, which is a big deal.
But Pareko's great on the blue line for them. He makes
a difference that people don't know a lot about him either.
I think St. Louis will beat them.
I think Minnesota is struggling right now
and Bruce Boudreaux is just... I know
he's been amazing in the playoffs prior, but
this year might change.
I don't know. Who do you have? If you've got the blues,
there's medication for that one, Ryan.
I could hook you up with a doctor.
Oh, thank you.
I appreciate that.
St. Louis, Minnesota.
I got Minnesota here.
I think they had a stronger season.
I know they kind of lollygagged a little toward the end.
They won a few games late.
Bruce Boudreaux, I know he has some playoff hiccups in his coaching resume,
but I think they're a better team.
Devin Dubnik is better than Jake Allen.
Jake Allen had a pretty good year,
but I just think Minnesota's got a little bit more than St. Louis.
It's interesting because you've got two teams who
maybe not contenders, but
teams that think they're going to go further in the first
round, but one of them is going to be home early, and it's
going to be the Blues. Yep. I'm with it.
I'm against you guys. Fuck you guys.
I'm with you, Whit. I've got
St. Louis. Next one,
Calgary Ducks. Call me who you've got. Oh, I know with you, Witt. I got St. Louis. So next one, Calgary Ducks.
Call me who you got.
Oh, I know who he's taking.
Well, if I'm picking with my heart, I'm taking Calgary.
I mean, I was wrong about them.
I'll be honest.
I looked at their lineup at the beginning of the year, and I'm like, wow,
these guys are not very good.
And then they got off to a bad start, and I was like, I was right in the first 10 games.
And then basically since then, they've been pretty good.
And I was totally wrong.
It's going to be rocking there in Calgary again. If I'm picking with my heart, I'm picking Calgary.
If I'm picking with my head, I should probably pick Anaheim
because I don't think Calgary  don't quote me on this,
but I don't think Calgary's won a game in Anaheim in like 25 years.
Like legitimately.
Yeah, no.
If it ended this year, it could have ended this year, but I remember it was, I think it was like seven seasons they hadn't won a game in Anaheim.
I think it did end this year, though.
I'll have to look into that.
We'll have our stat guy, Mikey Granelli, check that one out.
Hey, but about Calgary back in the playoffs, like I never got to experience it in Edmonton, obviously,
but you were in the playoffs.
You went to the cup finals in Calgary.
How crazy will that place be?
I know you talked about it before with us,
but I imagine the bars tomorrow night or whenever game one is,
it's just insane.
Yeah, it'll be fucking rocking.
I don't care what day the game is.
The bars around town will be packed.
It doesn't matter if it's a two, whatever doesn't matter what day uh yeah i mean everybody's talking
about it i was just up there for that gordie howell thing so people are obviously very excited
um yeah i mean those guys are going to be rock stars and especially if they can i actually went
to a playoff series so the last time they made it uh or a couple was a couple years ago whatever
whenever they played vancouver i think it a couple years ago whatever whenever they played
vancouver i think that was two years ago i actually went to the game as a uh as a fan i was like you
know what i'm gonna go since time you know i was still kind of pissed off at hockey but i got a
couple tickets i'm like you know what it's time to grow up let's go to these games and then so i
went to a couple of games and i was in the upper deck but right in the middle so it was a good good
upper deck that was good you could see everything and i had in the middle, so it was a good upper deck. It was good. You could see everything.
I had a fucking blast.
It was a great time.
The place was rocking.
I crushed a shitload of beers and a little bit of whiskey.
Yeah, it was awesome.
Calgary's going to be rocking.
I'm going with Anaheim.
I want Calgary, as weird as that is, because I played in Anaheim.
But I think Anaheim's really good,
and I think they're sneaky going to be in the Western Conference Finals.
I really like their team, and nobody's talking about them.
But in Calgary, I just...
And the best thing about being in the stands for those games
is there was probably no shit-talking of the Calgary players by the home fans.
Because at that point, you're in the playoffs.
The regular season, when your team stinks, you hear guys getting shirt.
But at that time, everyone's just rooting for everyone for anyone in calgary and so i'm
sure that made that pretty fun for you all right calgary anaheim it was awesome for sure
like uh call me alluded to they had a rough start brian elliott with a big free agent goaltender
sign and struggled early but the last three months he's been arguably the best goalie in the league
i think he's going to carry that into the playoffs.
And I got Calgary winning.
They got a nice blend of youth and veterans.
You got guys like Troy Brower in the lineup who, you know,
they might be third liners during the regular season,
but they play balls to the wall in the playoffs.
I got Calgary in six.
Yeah, and I will say that in terms of the argument for Calgary, I think Giordano and Hamilton are probably, if not the best,
top three best pairing this year in the NHL.
They've been great.
Nobody's talked about Hamilton.
He's had an unreal year.
All right, Hamilton.
So, you know, are you mad to bring him straight in?
Not mad.
Did you see it?
No, he didn't, you know, the guy didn't want to be here.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, you know, he didn't want to be here.
So when guys don't want to be in the city, it's easy to wave goodbye to them.
Yep.
You know, so fucking say la vie.
Yeah, no, Calgary could win that one.
I think Anaheim gets it done, though.
Yeah, I got the Flames as well.
Wrapping up the Western Conference, San Jose in Edmonton.
Kami, who you got?
Yeah, this is kind of a tough one.
This is a real tough one.
Unreal series.
I think it's going to be a good series, yeah.
Edmonton has home ice too, right, if I'm correct?
Yeah, Edmonton does have home ice yeah you know what because of that i am going to take uh i'm going to take the
oilers the others you know what they've been fun to watch i probably other than the flames i probably
watch them more than anybody else i've been up there for one game in the new rink there and all
that stuff uh the city is going to be excited. They've got a fun team to watch.
I think it's going to go seven, but I'm going to take the Oilers.
Yeah, I want to take the Oilers.
I know everyone thinks because I was all over Smitty I don't want them to win,
but I want them to win.
I just see the first year in Pittsburgh.
I'm sorry, my second year in Pittsburgh,
we made the playoffs after being the worst team in the league the year before,
and it's just a different game.
And the first time you get in the playoffs,
we lost to Ottawa who went to the Stanley Cup Finals.
I know they were probably a little better than San Jose is this year.
This was back in 08 or 07.
But I think San Jose wins.
I think the experience, I think the excitement of the Oilers
and how young their team is will make for a great series.
But in the end, I think the veteran team pulls that out in San Jose and wins that series.
Yeah, I got a copycat on what Witt said. I think young teams, they have to learn how to win. They
have to lose before they do win. It's been a long time since Edmonton has been in the playoffs.
Edmonton hasn't lost that often recently.
And McDavid is unbelievable. That play he made the other night, I mean, he didn't score.
To get 100 points, that was great.
Well, no, it was actually the breakaway he didn't score. To get 100 points? That was great. No, it was actually the breakaway.
He didn't score when he went between his legs.
Oh, yeah.
It still almost scored.
I mean, he's going to be a treat to watch.
I'd want Edmonton to win just so we can get the most out of watching Connor McDavid.
But like I said, San Jose, they got to the Cup last year.
There are many more veterans on the team.
I think they just, including goaltender, they have a goalie, Martin Jones, who got them to the Cup last year.
Cam Talbot, he had a good year, but I don't know if he's really been in the fire that much.
So I'm going to go San Jose in six, although I would like to see Edmonton just for the McDavid factor.
But I got San Jose in six.
I just want the game sevens.
That's all I want.
Exactly.
I got Edmonton there.
All right.
So going to the Eastern Conference, boys, we got Montreal and the Rangers.
All right. I'll start this one. Eastern Conference, boys, we got Montreal and the Rangers. All right, I'll start this one Eastern Conference style.
I like the Rangers, man.
I don't think the Canadians can score that much.
I really don't.
I know they probably have one of the best goalies in the world, if not the best,
but how much can you rely on them?
I think the Rangers are deeper than Montreal.
I do think that playing games in Montreal makes it so tough.
So Montreal has the home ice advantage there.
That'll be really hard building to win in.
It's honestly really fun to watch games in Montreal for the playoffs.
You can tell how crazy the place is going.
So I just think the Rangers end up getting it done.
I think they're a better team, and that's my pick.
Boom.
Clammy?
Me?
This one I think is going to be tough.
I am going to take Montreal because of the home ice.
I'm going to take Montreal because of Carey Price,
and I'm going to take Montreal because the assistant coach,
Scott Arniel, for the New York Rangers is a fucking loser.
Oh, yeah, that's the guy.
You had to deal with him.
Where were you with him?
In Columbus?
Yeah, in Columbus.
What a fucking scum.
This guy's not quite Babcock level,
but if he had a couple more years under his belt as a head coach,
I think he'd be right fucking there.
Oh, my God, dude.
I remember you telling me about that guy one time.
He just completely shriveled you.
Straight up loser.
Big question as far as the Rangers with me is
whether or not we're going to see Antti Rantard
on this series, Hank Lundqvist
didn't have a great year, he would look good
but I thought he struggled a lot of times
and I'm curious if he has that bad
of a game if Alain Vigneault
does go to him, another
coaching rivalry here, Alain Vigneault
coaching for the first time against each other
since the 2011 Stanley Cup.
Now these guys
were pretty good friends
before that.
I don't know how much
they talked after that
Stanley Cup.
I don't know if that
caused a fracture
in their friendship at all.
But I think Carey Price
is going to be better
than regardless
of whatever goal
he starts for the Rangers.
I just think
they've got a little bit
more depth.
I hate to pick the Canadians
but at the same time
I want them to win
because if the Bruins win
then we'll get to play them
again. So I'm going to go Montreal in six.
And in terms of Lundqvist,
if Ronta does somehow
get in the net, there's zero
chance that he will handle it the way Fleury
handled it last year. I don't see that
happening because Lundqvist will just be a complete
fucking disaster about it.
I mean, I don't know that for sure, but
I just don't see him going down without
a fight in terms of, if they pull him in one game, it's one thing.
If he doesn't start the next game, I don't know what you end up seeing out of him.
Yeah, I'll go with the Rangers too, Kami.
Oh, fuck Scott O'Neal.
I got you back.
So, Penguins, Blue Jackets, who do you got, Kami?
You know what?
Pittsburgh's got a ton of injuries,
right? LeTang? LeTang's a question
mark. LeTang's out for the playoffs,
man. It's fucked up. He's out?
There's no question mark? He's done? He's done for the
postseason, which immediately
has them not putting 1 on
them. I'm not putting 1 on them to win the Stanley
Cup now without him. You need that stud defenseman.man without him i just don't think they'll get it
done yeah yeah yeah i don't know about this series but i'm not even gonna worry about that i'm going
blue jackets i was gonna go with them anyways but with the injuries i mean columbus i know they
haven't been playing great lately they won their last game maybe they take a little momentum off
that and they beat the leaf which i which I love. So that was great.
I'm going to go with Columbus. Columbus is good, man.
And they're gritty. I mean, from what I've seen out of them, they're the kind of team with...
I mean, Bobrovsky's awesome. They've got
four lines. They've got good defensemen.
And they're going to play hard.
And in my opinion, that's a good way to win games, especially
in the playoffs. Yeah, I completely agree.
The thing is about Columbus is that
when they played Pittsburgh, I think it was two years ago,
maybe three, they had one of the best
first-round playoff series in a long
time. It went seven games, and I
think it's going to be the same thing here. I think it's such a
toss-up. I don't know. I'm going to take Pittsburgh
just because of the Crosby factor,
but in terms of
looking past
where the series will go, I bet you it goes
seven games. I bet you it's really close, and I bet you it'll be dirty.
I remember Dubinsky and Crosby had those big-time issues, and they played a couple years back.
I think that'll continue.
And the closeness of Columbus and Pittsburgh make it special because there's tons of fans of both teams in the away rinks,
and more so Pittsburgh fans than Columbus.
But that'll make it  that's one of my series I'm most looking forward to watching, but I do
have Pittsburgh. Yeah, I'm looking forward to that one as well.
Like you just mentioned, the Dubinsky-Sidd thing,
I mean, he could not shut him down
completely, but he can do a really good job. And he can
piss him off. And get him off his game, exactly.
I'm interested in
watching Seth Jones. I love watching
him play the young defenseman for Columbus.
Yeah, and Wierenski.
They have so much talent there.
Right, and of course, like I always mention,
the goaltending, Bobrovsky had a great year,
probably the Vesna favorite, if you're asking me.
Pittsburgh, it sounds like they're going to start with Murray.
They could end up throwing Flurry in if he doesn't.
Either way, I think 6-1, half-dozen,
the other with Pittsburgh's goalies.
I think Columbus gets them this year.
I mean, Pittsburgh, they won it last year.
It's so hard to repeat.
We always hear that.
They played a lot of hockey.
But I think Columbus gets by them.
I'm going to go Columbus in seven.
No letang, no cup.
I got the Blue Jackets.
Oh, Grinelli.
Washington, Toronto.
Kami, who do you got?
Oh, before you go, Kami, because this is Babcock,
what are the chances that if
he were asked
who had more
of an impact of Toronto making the playoffs?
You, Mike Babcock, or
Austin Matthews that he would actually
pick himself? Because I'm not really
exaggerating.
If you asked him? Yes.
Maybe not in
public. He would never say in public, but in his mind.
He would never say it in public.
Oh, for sure.
He for sure.
This is all him.
He's walking around Yorktown and those other areas in Toronto like a fucking peacock.
Oh, dude, this guy.
He's not going to say it in public because he'd look bad, but he for sure.
It would be.
Oh, he thinks it's him.
He fucking thinks it's him out in the ice there.
Do you think, real quick off topic, do you think he wins the Jack Adams this year, Kwame?
Oh, God.
I mean, Friday night was one of the worst nights of my fucking life because I was in Calgary.
So the Leaf game's on.
It was like a tie game or Pittsburgh was up there kind of late.
I was like, God.
Yeah, Pittsburgh was up late because Gardner had that.
It went off gardner and went
in and it was three to two like i mean it was 10 minutes to go it looked like holy fuck they could
blow this yeah yeah like it looked pretty good and anyways i was around these a bunch of guys
in canada a bunch of people there knew that i fucking hate babcock so i was kind of starting
to run my mouth having a couple cocktails and then everything melted down in the last 10 minutes or
last fucking
six minutes i think um so yeah then they ended up getting in i would have loved to see him miss it
but that was not really realistic um yeah i mean makes me sick i i hope he doesn't i mean just
strictly selfish but you know what at the end of the day if he ends up winning i think there's
probably a pretty good chance he does i'll give it 50 50 there's some other coaches out good years too but
doesn't matter if he does win it he's still a piece of shit he just has another trophy
well i don't know if you actually saw that when they zoomed in on him right when they clinched
and everyone was hugging he was actually on the bench and if you read lips he said
fuck you call me i don't know if you caught that. Did you catch that? He must be a listener.
Who do you have in that series, though?
I mean, even if, I mean, I have Washington.
I mean, it wouldn't matter to me as far as picking it. If Toronto was the number one seed and Washington was, I mean, if it was flip,
I'd still pick Washington.
But, I mean, Toronto, honestly, even taking out Babcock,
obviously I hate his guts, but taking
him out, he's got some great players
there. They are fun to watch too, a little bit
like Edmonton.
But Washington's sick.
Washington's so sick.
They're sick. Top to bottom, they're good.
I'll take Washington.
I'll give Toronto one game.
Maybe they win one game at home, but I don't think it goes much longer than that.
So I'd go Capitals in five.
Yeah, I mean, I'm going to lay the hammer on the website down on Capitals in four or five.
I just  Toronto's so overmatched.
And it's one of those things where fans will be fine with it.
They made the playoffs.
That was the big thing.
The future is bright no matter what you say, you look at
Matthews and Nylander and all these guys.
But in the end, it's
Washington's year, I think. I've
said it from the beginning of the year. They're so deep.
Then they had Shattenkirk. They already had a great defense.
So I think they just work Toronto
quick, who really kind of has no chance in this
matchup. Yeah, like I said with Edmonton,
young teams, young players need to learn to lose
before they learn to win, and Toronto's probably another great example of that.
Edmonton has a way better chance to win, though, you would say.
No, absolutely.
Yeah, no doubt about that.
I just think that Toronto might win two games.
I think they might surprise people.
They act almost like they're young and oblivious to the situation they're in,
so there's almost no pressure on them.
But I'm going to go Caps in six.
But I think Toronto wouldn't be surprised if it's tied after four games put it that way and
you the good thing is you'll get to see those those clips of when they show like the leafs
like score or get scored against and the people standing outside in air canada center are just
those are the best completely waffled and they're just like crying or cheering. Oh, my God. Give me the caps. Shout out Mia Khalifa.
Last one.
Someone's trying to get laid.
Last one.
The Ottawa Senators and the hometown Boston Bruins.
Rear Admiral, what do you got?
Yeah, we were looking at you first.
Oh, okay.
Gee, who are the Bruins?
Who are they?
I know the popular refrain, the Bruins didn't beat them all during the regular season,
to which I say means fucking nothing. They didn't even have a lead
against them. They didn't have a lead against them, but
one was a shootout loss, which as we know
is not really a loss. You lose a breakaway
contest after 65 minutes of play.
They lost another game on a chintzy-ass
penalty that gave Ottawa a power play.
Same thing, basically a coin flip.
I don't put any stock on that.
Brask, better goalie than Anderson.
I mean, Ottawa's roster, they just don't scare me.
I mean, Phaneuf's a pigeon on D.
Bobby Ryan's chicken shit.
Give him one crosscheck fucking out in front.
You won't see him for the rest of the series.
I disagree.
I disagree about Bobby Ryan.
Either way, I think the Bruins, I think they're obviously not deeper on D.
They lost Krug and fucking Carlo right before the playoffs,
which is the last thing they needed.
I love that they're throwing Charlie McAvoy, baptism by fire,
first game in fucking a playoff game in Ottawa.
Chucky Mack.
Should be a wicked.
I mean, the kid's going to be nerves off the chart,
but I think he's the real deal, man.
I think he's going to contribute.
And they did burn a year, correct?
Yeah, they did burn a year.
So why didn't they just fucking do that three weeks ago and get him a couple games in the NHL?
Because I don't think they wanted to.
I think they were hoping not to, and now they need him.
That was stupid.
That was stupid.
All right, well, we'll trash the Bruins later.
I don't want to kill.
I'm the one who's always talking too much about them.
I got Bruins in six.
I think Rask is going to be much better than Anderson.
I think McAvoy is going to be hopefully a little better than people expect.
But, yeah, man, the Bs are playing good hockey,
and they're going to have to just not get bored to death
and stay patient with fucking  what's his name?
Boucher's one-three-way.
Guy Boucher's boring-ass team.
But Bruins in six.
Who do you got, Commie?
I'm going Boston in six, same as R.A.
I don't love Ottawa.
You know, when I watch them play, I mean, yeah, they got some
I mean, I love watching Carlson play, and they got some good players.
But I don't know.
Boston's been playing well of late.
I think they've been pretty good in even strength overall, haven't they?
Like kind of not dominating, but real good, even strength team.
I like Boston, like you said.
And it's more I like Boston because they've been playing well lately,
and Ottawa, I don't know.
They just don't do it for me.
Yeah.
So I will say I don't understand how Boston's
they're minus 170 to win this series, which is crazy to me
in terms of how the regular season went.
You'd think it would maybe be minus 130 if they're going to be favorites.
But either way, Vegas has Boston as huge favorites.
I look at Ottawa, and I think that it's just the type of team that just frustrates the Bruins.
They're so boring.
I can't pick against them the way the regular season's gone.
I know they've been close games.
I'm hoping Boston wins.
But I'm taking Ottawa because they'll bore you to death.
Carlson's the best player in the series, probably.
I don't know how healthy he's going to be.
But you look at him or Bergeron as the two best players
On either team
Marchand's had a great year
It'll be good to get him back
But I just think Ottawa frustrates him
I think it goes seven games
I think it's a good series but I think Ottawa wins
Okay fair enough
Alright that'll wrap up our playoff predictions
And what not
We're going to bring out a new favorite fan segment
Alright Hamilton we'll take a listen to questions.
And Kami will be joining us this week, of course.
So fire away, Grinelli.
Question number one.
All right, give me bees and sex first.
But KVT.
Sorry, buddy.
It's all good.
He's like, hold on, hold on.
I'd be at sex.
So KVT asked, our boy Jack Eichel missed out on a 2 million bonus
by.01 points per game on the final night of the season.
So do you guys have any stories about guys' reactions to stuff like this in the past?
I remember the year we were terrible, my rookie year in Pittsburgh.
Fleury had a goals against average bonus.
He played the second to last game of the year at home against the Islanders. We won.
And then the next night,
we started
Trout, the guy I talked about.
Salmon.
I called him Salmon. It was Trout.
it didn't matter. And Fleury was beneath
the bonus. That's what it was.
We all figured, oh, that's why they're not starting him.
He's not going to get it.
It was like a million, million and a half bucks.
Terrian, I don't know if he didn't know or what the fuck.
It was the game against Toronto that meant nothing.
Both teams were out of the playoffs.
And we were down like 3-0 after one.
He throws Fleury in for the second period, plays the second and third,
makes enough saves to go over his bonus, catches his bonus,
ends up making like 1.5.
And it was, I mean, the
Pittsburgh brass was furious because
they were like, this is the whole fucking reason you didn't play him.
He didn't get the bonus. And I don't know if Terry didn't know
or didn't care, but Fleury ended up
catching a nice little bonus that night. So we were celebrating
after that one. I don't know if you had anything happen
to Commie.
That's unbelievable. I know, dude.
I was so happy for him. no shit um you know what i
read this question last night on twitter and i know i have i was thinking i was actually thinking
about it all night because i know i was part of something but i can't remember the story it wasn't
a goals against thing it was like somebody needed an assist i can't remember the names i'm not sure
where it was um but yeah i ever mean i think part of the question was like somebody needed an assist. I can't remember the names, and I'm not sure where it was.
But, yeah, I think part of the question was, like, does everybody know and all this stuff in the room?
Everybody knows what's going on.
I mean, there's no doubt about it.
I mean, if you need a point to get hit a bonus, you're telling everybody,
and you guys are going to get you the puck or at least try to.
But, yeah, I couldn't remember the story, which is a shitty fucking thing
because I was thinking about it all night.
But, yeah, that kind of stuff has happened quite a bit.
Carmen, do you think, like, obviously the players are aware, coaches are aware.
Do you think owners ever go to GMs or GMs ever go to coaches to, like,
cut down a guy's minutes to basically keep him from reaching incentives?
It doesn't sound like something a coach would want to do,
but do you think that they're ever put in that position bym or an owner i mean i think that's a that's a
great question i mean usually you would think that you know the head coach runs the team you know
like you know the the the general manager puts the teams in the organization the head coach makes
the team the head coach sets the lineup you know he's trying to win um because his job's on the line a little bit too but i would think in a situation like
which has said i would think somebody would say something especially since the games don't mean
shit that's a good chunk of money um so if i had to guess i would say i would say it probably
doesn't happen a ton but i would say it definitely has probably happened before where the owner will
go down and say something yeah well i i just like, if I ever win Powerball and can own a team,
I'll be sitting on the course or on a yacht,
and once the team's out of the playoffs,
until the team's out of the playoffs, I would never say a word.
Once they are, I'd say, who can hit bonuses possibly?
And I would be like, stop fucking playing those guys as much
because if we're not making the playoffs,
we're not going to roll these guys into just making 2 million.
And Eichel, I love Eichel.
BU guy, stud.
He lost by.01 for 2 million because Leon Dreitzel had two assists in the last game, right?
Yeah, basically.
That is fucking suicide watching.
He must have been watching.
He's probably crushing beers.
The season's over.
Watching the Edmonton game. He's like, alright,
please, therapy. I just need this guy
not to get a point. See him get the assist.
You just fire the beer bottle off
your wall. You're like, fuck! Two million!
That's not
like 30 grand. Two sheets.
For a 20-year-old kid, though, that's a lot of money.
I'm saying it's a lot of money
for a 50-year-old guy.
That's a lot of money. Yeah. Oh, I'm saying it's a lot of money for a 50-year-old guy. That's a lot of money.
Oh, my God.
It's a huge bonus.
And I wonder if Dreitzel
even got anything out of it.
Oh, I would have tried
to get in touch with him.
Like, dude, please,
I'll send you 100 Gs.
Like, just don't get
a two points tonight.
It's a good little incentive.
I'll send you half.
I'll send you half.
Fuck, it's better than nothing,
which I'm going to get
once you go get two
because you play with McDavid.
Fucking hilarious.
All right, boys.
So a lot of questions about the boys' time in Russia.
So Paul Conley asked what the weirdest, craziest part about your boys' time in Russia was.
All right, Hamilton.
Well, the KHL playoffs, the KHL finals are going on, Callum.
I don't know if you still stay in touch.
I saw Scott is playing Magnetagorsk.
I'm like, dude, it's like the NBA out there.
There's like two or three teams that are in the finals
every year.
I thought you were going to say they're a bunch of soft pussies.
Yeah, they rest for the second
fucking 30 games of the year.
I mean, I don't know what happened. That was crazy.
There was so much. You know what
the craziest thing that happened to me was?
I was sitting out on the deck. I don't know if i ever told this when we were talking about it and a plane i have a
video of this so can we put it up on the spit and chiclets absolutely okay so i'm sitting out on my
porch and all of a sudden i hear like like it's a like that's a fucking plane dude pretty close
and i bomb out to the porch and i'm like holy shit this plane is flying like a big ass plane
probably like 3,000 feet.
No, maybe even lower off the ground.
I don't even want to say.
And there's a boat going.
There's a boat with people on it driving.
And all of a sudden, the plane drops like, I don't know if it was fucking lighter fluid, water, or like spray from a fire extinguisher all over this boat.
The boat just starts going sideways.
God knows if the people on the boat survived it.
And I have a video of it.
We'll put it up there.
It was bananas.
And then another plane one time was coming at the building and you turned out of the
way.
I'll put both videos.
I'll send them both to you.
So you guys can see.
So wait, a bunch of liquid and shit came out of the plane and all over a fucking boat?
Yeah, dude.
I'm telling you.
I don't know what.
They emptied the shitters or something.
I sent it to my parents.
My mom's like, you got to come home, Jesus.
I thought it might empty the shitters, actually.
I'm like, oh, that's a lot of Russian dump.
What a wild fucking league.
I think Commie's tilt that he got might have been one of his craziest.
Do you remember anything else?
Yeah, as you were talking, I'm trying to think about something that tops that.
I mean, I don't know.
That was probably one of the craziest things I've ever been in anywhere uh yeah so i can't top that story i mean just the
whole experience for me like where i was at that was like i mean the flights were crazy because we
were always flying i mean i remember trying to get my visa my work visa like fly in i'm like yeah
let's start playing here i mean it was another six weeks for these guys to figure out my work visa to get it instead of like because i was in i was based i was in asia i was
on the pacific ocean instead of going to like korea because you have to leave the country and
come back instead of going to like seoul south korea which was like a two hour hour and a half
two hour flight they flew me to helsinki finland which was 10 hours to moscow sit there for three
hours some dude was supposed to meet me in the airport with my papers i got on the plane from to Helsinki, Finland, which was 10 hours to Moscow, sit there for three hours.
Some dude was supposed to meet me in the airport with my papers.
I got on the plane from Vladivostok, and I'm like, there won't be one fucking person there waiting for me. No chance.
Get there, crickets, nowhere.
I fly to Finland, get there, nobody's there.
I'm like, well, I guess I'll just go get a hotel down in Helsinki,
basically end up there by myself for four days, boozing.
Nobody helped me out.
I'm like like all right
finally get in touch with the team got nothing done flew back so that was 30 hours on the plane
for nothing for literally nothing i was livid i wanted to just punch the fuck of the team services
guy dude that's what happens over there it's nuts and that that's nuts i mean i think there's like
12 fucking time zones in russia too it's not not like, you know, if you're flying from Boston to Seattle,
oh, that's all cross-country flight.
That's like a third of fucking Russia, I think.
It's like going from fucking Boston to Seattle and back and a little bit more.
Yeah, and that's one way.
And that's one way, yeah.
I remember, like, once I got there, I had to get my work visa.
But even after being there two days i was like
just send me to north korea to get mine please put me out to pasture i'm done
i don't even want to be here and then they sent me to helsinki too i was like i don't want to leave
fuck bad one thing i actually did just think of that i thought was like more hockey wise
and like visas and shit like that that i fucking crazy, a little bit crazy and funny,
was like maybe once a week or once every two weeks,
just how absolutely fucking shit-faced one of the guys would show up to practice.
And practice.
Like I mean show up and looking at him from across the room,
and I don't speak Russian, and he's talking to his,
but I'm like this guy is out of his mind fucking drunk right now and practices it's not these aren't 6 a.m
practices this is like 11 or 12 and just absolutely shit can putting their stuff on and going out and
practicing like i mean this is a legit league legit it's supposed to be and these guys would be
falling into the boards go to take i'm like
this guy's gonna kill himself i mean i thought it was funny i thought it was one of the funniest
things i've ever seen but just the way they kind of do things every once in a while there is a
little different anybody don't get me wrong i had shit face too but i didn't show up to practice
drunk i also remember um a guy in the room we were playing in uh where's barry's is that kazakhstan
call me uh yeah yeah that's that yeah you know
astana the capital of kazakhstan it's in astana i think that's capital yeah sounds lovely and and
it's actually not like that terrible and right after the game we won and this little guy on the
team dude it was a niece in that little guy misha anishin this guy was crazy out of his mind oh dude
that guy's got stories about him all of a sudden his buddies came in the locker room, and he's like,
they leave, and then he
just goes, look, and he's got a gun.
His buddies brought him a gun. He's just holding up
a fucking pistol. I'm like, holy shit.
I'm just like, yeah, Emerton, look, look,
look, and he's like, holy fuck. We just ran
into the shower, and then the coach came over and took his gun
from him. I was like, holy shit.
I might have a picture of him holding the gun.
We can get that one up there, too, if I can find that one.
But those are our rush dates.
That guy had fucking stories about left and right.
He shot a guy a couple years ago, one of his teammates.
Yep, shot a guy.
Didn't shoot him dead, but shot him in the leg.
Just a little warning shot.
Just a little warning shot right in the back of the knee.
Fucking Savage League.
Yeah.
We got one more question for All Right Hamilton here.
All right, so Stevie Snowballs wants to know, should fans join in on the playoff beards, league yeah all right we got one more question for all right hamilton here all right so uh stevie
snowballs wants to know uh should fans join in on the playoff beards or is it uh is it just a thing
for the players that's a good call me what's your opinion on that yeah i read that one last night
too my first thing was uh my first reaction was just leave it to the players but then i'm like
well i mean everybody else should be able to join in on the fun uh i then I'm like, well, I mean,
everybody else should be able to join in on the fun.
I mean, I'm kind of undecided.
I guess it's kind of, it should be how well you play.
I mean, if you can grow a legit beard, then feel free, go ahead.
But if not, I would just let it slide and just let the players do it.
I agree with that.
And I agree with that for the players too.
If you can't grow a beard, just don't grow a beard.
It's like you grow a sick beard like Callum had, you can grow it out.
But then some of the guys got that nasty little
Like your boy Sid?
Kind of like me.
Like your boy Sid?
Yeah, Sid is just tough.
He just eats it.
He knows it.
Grinnell, yours would be a disaster, dude.
I got bet to do it this playoffs.
You'd look like one of the caddies I saw at Augusta with that nasty little goatee.
I can just picture it now.
So, I mean, I think beards is one thing.
I think it is a great playoff.
What's the word?
Tradition.
Tradition.
Tradition.
But it does suck, dude.
I don't know about you, Tommy, but like a month and a half when I had mine, it was so itchy.
And then finally it goes away.
You're fine.
But there was a week I was battling.
I had like lice in it and shit. It was a disgusting experience. then finally it goes away, you're fine. But there was a week I was battling. I had, like, lice in it and shit.
It was a disgusting experience.
I'm a big beard guy.
I'm a beard guy.
I admit it.
I know I'm not on the team, but it just, I don't know.
I think as a fan, it kind of gives you something, I don't know.
It makes you feel a part of it.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, you're already invested as a fan as it is.
So, yeah, I do the beard thing.
Plus, I have a job that doesn't require me to shave at all anyway,
so it really makes it particularly easy for me to grow a beard.
So, yeah.
Actually, my dilemma is if you have to shave,
like I haven't shaved for a couple of days.
My question is do I shave one last time before the playoffs start?
Yeah, yeah, you've got to shave.
I always shave the night before game one.
So, dude, don't worry.
Tonight you'll get pregame meal in for you and then you can shave.
Sounds good. All right, so that's going to wrap meal in for you, and then you can shave. Sounds good.
All right, so that's going to wrap it up for All Right Handle. Actually, one more thing before we go, because I know we're running down,
and I think Call Me will appreciate this one.
If everyone got to see Brian Bickles, very, very emotional interview.
His career came to an end because of his battle, I believe it was MS, multiple
sclerosis. I mean, a guy who
won a Stanley Cup in Chicago, never
heard a bad word about him from any teammate,
finished out this year in Carolina, has
been through so much. And if you can go into the backstory
of how he realized he had MS
and what he's gone through with his family, I think everyone
should take the time. Maybe we could somehow get
an article out, or at least we'll get the press conference
tweeted out and on our Instagram.
But, Kami, did you get to see any of that?
Yeah, yeah, I did.
I knew a little bit about it.
I don't know Brian Bickle at all.
No, neither do I.
Neither do I.
Don't know him at all.
No, he's in Carolina and everything.
But, you know, I saw what had happened there,
and I actually watched and I knew what was going on.
You know, I keep up.
I read a little bit and stuff like that.
So I knew what was going on there in Carolina, which is, yeah, I mean,
it's a sad story.
And so I watched the video, you know, after he scored the shoot out there, hell of a shot
to post it in.
And to be, I thought that was fantastic.
To be honest, I actually had a couple of tears in my eyes.
I mean, yeah, I mean, I felt great for him.
And that's got to be, I mean, what a tough way to go out.
I mean, nobody likes going, I going, it sucks when your career ends,
but it sucks when it's not really your decision
and you have no control over it, especially like that.
And so, yeah, for him to get an opportunity and for him to score,
honestly, I actually got a little bit emotional about it.
And like I said, I don't know him.
I just, good for him.
Mike, I'm sure you probably never saw another team fist bump
an opposing player like that, too.
Did you happen to notice that the Flyers gave him a couple fist bumps
when he was doing the drive-by?
Did you catch that?
I didn't see it on the video, and I watched it a couple times.
I missed it, but I actually read about it on Twitter.
Somebody from the Flyers, like Flyers Fan Club or something,
said that, yeah, and I think that's great.
Yeah, it was pretty incredible stuff.
And some about Philadelphia, like was booing all the Carolina players
but cheered for him or something, I think, too.
Yeah, I just think.
It was like in the pregame.
I think that's fantastic.
Yeah, it was cool.
And I know it was supposed to be demo.
One more thing, too.
This actually came out Sunday.
They closed the Joe.
This story, I didn't hear it until last night.
Bob Probert's wife went to the last game
of the Joe
and after the game
was over
and everybody was gone,
she spread his ashes
in the penalty box
at the Joe.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Is that fucking
not incredible or not?
I'm a big fucking
fan of the cremation.
Put your ashes somewhere
instead of getting
buried in the ground.
And I saw that.
I thought that was
the best fucking thing ever.
I mean,
you know,
to have someone
of his nature, Bob Probert, and they put his ashes in the ground. And I saw that. I thought that was the best fucking thing ever. I mean, you know, to have someone of his nature,
Bob Probert, and they put his ashes in the fucking penalty box.
He probably told her once, like,
if there's one thing you do,
you get my goddamn ashes in the penalty box to Joe.
I was in there with sore knuckles beating the shit out of people.
That's where I want to lay for the rest of time.
Phenomenal.
I thought it was just a nice story.
So, all right.
Call me.
Thanks so much for joining us, man.
We love when you come on.
You know, maybe around the finals, we can get you again for a little bit.
I appreciate you coming on for so long.
And we had a blast once again, buddy.
Yeah, no problem.
Thanks a lot for having me.
And anytime you guys want me, I am available.
Thanks a lot, Call Me.
I personally think you should grow the fucking hair off of the playoffs, but that's just me.
Yeah, I love it.
All right, bro.
As long as I can for two months.
That interview was brought
to you by DollarShaveClub.com
Buying a raise is a lot like
buying a car. To get a smooth luxury
quality, you have to pay a huge price.
And you're mostly paying for splashy
marketing and features you don't actually need.
That's why I shave with DollarShaveClub.com
It's the smarter choice.
Luxury quality at an economy price. DollarShaveClub.com. It's the smarter choice. Luxury quality at an economy price.
DollarShaveClub.com's raises are an amazing quality.
They got the shave tech I actually need
and none of the overpriced bells and whistles
that I don't even use.
We always see ads for other companies,
the Monopoly companies,
they're always adding bells and whistles
and laser pointers and extra blades
and it's a bunch of stuff, frankly,
that you really don't need.
You just need a good quality shave,
and that's what DollarShaveClub.com does for you.
Every year, they make tiny changes to the razor
and then try to convince us it's totally new
and we need to spend even more money,
but that's not how it works with DollarShaveClub.com.
I'm done with all that thanks to DollarShaveClub.com.
If you haven't tried DollarShaveClub yet,
you're missing out,
and there's never been a better time to give them a shot.
Right now, you can get your first month of any of their amazing raises for just 1,
only a buck, and that includes free shipping.
After that, it's just a few bucks a month.
There's no long-term commitments, no hidden fees, and you can cancel whenever you want.
Get your first month for just 1 at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
Again, that's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets. Again, that's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
Give it a try and get a great shave.
A huge thanks once again to Mike Commodore, a.k.a. Commie.
Great guy.
One of the major characters the NHL has produced the last several years.
Fuck Babcock.
Fuck Babcock.
Hashtag fuck Babcock.
Great guy. Love his input. Fuck Babcock. Hashtag fuck Babcock. Great guy.
Love his input.
Love what he does.
Woods, I don't know if you happened to catch the Barstool guys.
They did some hockey thing a few months back,
and they actually got the Minnesota Hockey Hair video guy.
You know the Minnesota Hockey Hair videos?
I saw that.
Which are absolutely hysterical.
They got that guy to come in and do the commentary on the Barstool guys
and their respective hairdos.
Some guy's hair was so bad they didn't even make it i guess but uh great video but riggs's hair
was so bad they couldn't even put him in yeah riggs riggs didn't make the cut i thought he
had some hilarious the thing with the big cat and uh fucking uh portland caterpillar butterfly
caterpillar that was hilarious but some tough gear though no i tell you it was tough gear and
if those guys do want to try to get serious about playing hockey,
on April 14th, Warriors all-new Alpha Gloves launch, boys, and they are sick.
The company sent me a pair already.
I went out on the ice for them for a quick little spin.
They're perfect, man.
They feel so good right off the shelf.
The gloves, honestly, usually need to be broken in when you're playing hockey.
You always got to tape them up, figure out how long it's going to take before they're game ready.
Not these at all.
I think players around the league are completely freaking out having talked to a few guys
and how amazing they feel right off the bat.
No more breaking them in.
You grab them off the shelf, you'll be ready for warm-ups in a game.
It's honestly that easy now.
Most players think buying new gloves is a pain in the ass since you have to break them in,
but that's completely over with, I'm telling you. These Alpha gloves are sick. There's 175 NHL players right now
using Warrior gloves, one of the top gloves in the market, if not the best. They've really
kind of shot up the rankings in terms of being the number one glove that players like to
wear. They've got the lightest padding that they've ever developed at Warrior. They use
foams used in helmets to cut down the weight and add more protection. So everyone wants
lighter gloves. That's always been the case. add more protection. So everyone wants lighter gloves.
That's always been the case.
These are as light as you'll ever find.
And they're durable palms.
They're used in the NHL constantly.
So people who think that there'll be a hole in your palms too quick,
it really won't happen with these gloves.
They're perfect.
I haven't said that about gloves before, and I am not lying.
Or Warrior will offer gloves from 40 all the way to 180.
There's alpha gloves with this feel for everyone, kids or adults.
So don't make your 8-year-old kid be the guy who's got his old dad's gloves on and too big for him.
Get him a pair that fit him that are the same ones the pros wear.
Visit Warrior.com or their glove blog, WarriorHockey.com, for more details.
What did you like about the Comforto?
Because I'm a guy, I mean, I haven't worn much equipment. I'm not really a weekend warrior like I used to. I'm a MyLac guy. For more details there's not enough protection. And with this new foam that Warriors put into these gloves, I'm telling you, they're just as protective as the old leather ones,
and they're very light, and that makes a huge difference.
And you have puck handling skills.
The fit is well, though, huh?
It's perfect.
Go out and buy them right now or April 14th.
All right, fellas.
I think that just about wraps it up for our playoff preview.
Any other notes, promos, any other things you want to get in here?
No, I think we're just Ready to watch some hockey
Honestly
I'm just excited
To get going here
This is our time
When we're just up
Late at night
Watching games
Absolutely man
I probably
Not going to have
Too many movie updates
Doing other stuff
Yeah
Lots of caffeine
And whatever else
Staying up late
I'm going to say
Bye to my wife today
And I'll tell her
I'll see her in June
Because she knows
This is my annual junket Where I disappear for these couple months.
So playoffs are here.
Everybody enjoy it.
We're going to have a lot of chatter going on the Chicklets account online.
We want to have a great, fun two months here.
So let's go.
Peace out.
Peace out. We'll be right back. George St. Pierre, Gabby Garcia, Frank Shamrock, Douglas Lima, and it's only our first show.
Download new episodes of Sean Funky and the Baddest Man
this and every Wednesday at PodcastOne.com,
the Podcast One app, and subscribe on iTunes.
