Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 260 of Spit and Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Well, last week's dual guest hosting was such a big hit,
we decided to do it again with a couple of fan favorites,
bringing back Teddy Purcell and Bugsy Malone.
Gentlemen, how's it going?
We'll go to you, Teddy.
Where are you right now, buddy?
Mountain Hermosa Beach, California,
in my girlfriend's little rat's nest apartment,
waiting for my place to get renovated.
And we're just hanging out, trying to stay sane, drinking beers, cooking food,
listening to her bitch about the Olympics being canceled.
Life is good.
So did you hear my USGA rant?
No, I didn't.
Oh, yeah.
We won't make people listen to that again.
Go ahead, Rear Admiral.
Next up, our buddy Bugsy Malone looking sharp.
He's got his Al Chervik blazer on right now looking like he's in Caddy Shack.
Where are you right now, pal?
I just came from teaching.
I'm a teacher now, so full day.
It's tough sledding with these kids and the new way they're moving.
But in Minnesota here, teaching some family values.
Nice, nice.
Let's say hi to the rest of the crew.
Producer Mikey Grinelli.
Is this a little extra work for you, pal, having this many cats to corral or what?
Yeah, it was funny trying to set Teddy up on his mic earlier.
But the boys got some Yeti mics.
We're good to go.
A little West Coast wagon tour throwback, so I'm excited.
Yeah, a little bit of a reunion here.
Don't worry, I won't get as buckled as I was that fucking time.
What's up, Biz Nasty?
Hey, we won't judge.
I think that's the longest I've let you get through the intro already
before hopping in on you.
Actually, I got a tweet the other day.
People were wondering why we don't ask you or intro you during the podcast,
so we're going to have to throw it back to you at the end,
and I have a very specific question about something you blogged about recently.
So I'll let you throw it back over to the main event.
All right.
And last but certainly not least, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
What is up, my man?
I'm going to go back quickly.
Ryan, what are you teaching?
So I called this clown like, I don't know, two weeks ago, no call back.
So what are you teaching people?
I'm teaching my kids life lessons.
Okay.
They were at home.
That's why I put the jacket on so they know this is Professor Bugsy.
This is school time, guys, and let me tell you something.
I'm going to show you how to tip pucks and take a beating in front.
That's going to school the rhyme alone way.
Don't forget the beer at the end.
After this quarantine, they're going to have Will and Cooper in school.
What's your favorite hobby?
And they'll be like, drinking like my dad.
Want to see the new tattoo I got?
Show and tell.
Oh, geez.
All right, the question I wanted to ask you before we get swinging here is you wrote a blog recently about before i love you man and you got to
interview not only paul rudd but also jason siegel correct my very first interview at
was not a sports interview it was those two they were and yeah the movie i love you man i'm sure
you saw it the comedy recent comedy classic did you see were on. Yeah, the movie. I love you, man. I'm sure you saw it.
The comedy, recent comedy classic.
Did you see it, Biz?
The movie?
Oh, yeah.
I saw I love you, man.
Yeah.
Well, back then.
No chance he remembers what it's about, though.
Yeah, it was about the realtor.
The realtor.
The guy.
And what was it?
CCR?
Were they playing in the garage?
Yeah, they actually banged it.
But I think it was Rush.
Yeah, it was Rush.
Yeah, because they go to the concert at the end.
Well, this was back when I was the Bruins blogger,
and I was trying to expand my wings a little bit
and maybe get hired full-time as a writer at Bostel.
So I started writing more about movies.
And I was like, Dave, can I use Bostel's name to get press pass?
So I would go to all these screenings ahead of time.
I reached out to the theater.
They put you in touch with the PR people.
So I'd go to the screenings all the time.
I'd write these 1,500-word reviews, and they died in the vine. They put you in touch with the PR people. So I'd go to the screenings all the time. I'd write these like 1500 word reviews and they died in the vine.
Dave would like never run them.
So I write them for nothing.
But anyways,
I love you,
man was coming to town and I would get emails,
invites,
all the press junkets too,
you know,
when the stars were coming to town.
So they did it interesting over Fenway pocket,
the bleacher bar.
Wait,
you know what I'm talking about?
Right underneath center field,
but you can like,
when you look out the window,
the Fenway park is right there like center field of
the game there was no game going on description so um so yeah they had the the media thing there
and they did it like would take like five or six writers at a time uh and put them with the with the
seagull and red for like 20 minutes half hour then they'd be done then they'd bring another
six until everybody got done so you got like one or two questions yeah yeah yeah basically yeah it was but um it was funny because in that movie they
obviously talk about the Beatles and they were a key part of the plot when I keep out but part
of the plot and I asked them you know who they preferred the Stones or the Beatles and they both
like the Beatles but when my first question I you know I don't remember what it was and Paul
Redd's like ah this guy's not from Boston. So you started making fun of R.A.?
Started making fun of me, but it was on.
It was like an honor because it's Paul Rudd and he's awesome.
Everybody loves Paul Rudd.
Not to make fun of you.
Sorry, Biz, but you actually mentioned that somebody mentioned,
why don't you introduce R.A.?
Well, because at some point the fans would be pretty easy.
It'd be pretty easy to guess.
What's R.A. doing?
Just on the couch.
Cinemax is free this weekend.
So I caught up like seven free flicks.
Yeah, just that'll be the intro every single show,
but it'll change the free network that's giving away the TV that weekend.
It's exactly right.
Hey, they're calling out the reporters to ask questions,
and they're like, Rear Admiral?
And he's like, Yeah, who's the toughest guy you ever fought?
They're like, What?
Brian McGonigal, basketball sports
back home. Well, you actually got the
question in with Tim Thomas right
after they won the cup, but we got to start snapping
around to the other guys that we have.
You love saying snapping it around.
Yeah, because that's what snapping
it around is a saying on the ice. If anyone on this podcast
should be saying snapping around, it's myself or
Teddy.
Fair enough. Very true.
All right. Well, Biz, if we're going to do
first stars for Tuesday night, I
think our new friend Mackenzie Lozano is going to
get first, second, and third star for her
TikTok. Unbelievable work.
If you haven't seen it yet, she got one of the clips
of us talking about
who the hell was it? Dreisaitl, but with the
cologne. And she does this TikTok imitation,
but she did all four of us and edited it together.
I must have watched it 20 times last night.
I mean, it's obvious you saw it.
Yes.
Yeah, I think I saw it right away,
and I thought we'd posted it,
but that girl just absolutely nailed it.
One of the things that kind of went unnoticed off the hop
was the China cabinet behind her. And she tried to, I think, match one of your settings that kind of went unnoticed off the hop was the china cabinet behind
her and she tried to i think match one of your settings at one point ra at one point have you
not had a little china cabinet behind you i you know what i was i didn't catch that because i know
she had the exact same glasses the tortoise shell that i have i caught that but i i didn't catch that
i didn't catch that i caught the canadian tuxedo on you though with the dungaree jacket what'd you
think of it, Teddy?
I thought it was great.
Her mannerisms were funny.
She must have practiced that 200 times.
It was perfect.
Yeah, so she had to have it completely memorized.
I've never been on TikTok.
Do you have the lyrics or whatever in front of you?
Yeah, that's what I'm wondering.
Could you read that?
You go clip by clip.
Her cues and mannerisms were perfect.
She was spot on.
Each time you switch persons, it's like a new clip.
So you start recording then.
So Bugsy, can I tell you this story?
Do you know what she's talking about with the cologne
and what this whole clip is?
Yeah, because you don't listen.
So we are talking about Dreitzel.
He's on just this epic run this year just running through the league
making everyone say like who is this guy
he doesn't even need McDavid
and we're talking about
some record he set with all these other legends
and Biz
in the middle of the conversation when Ari brought it up
at the beginning, Biz gets on Google
and Googles Leon Dreitzel
and so he's sitting there with some info
and we're ready to move on. And so he's sitting there with some info and like,
we're ready to move on from the combo.
He's like,
hold on.
Um,
is he not starting a cologne?
Is there a cologne company starting?
And I'm like,
dude,
I think that guy's from cologne,
Germany.
So it basically played out with business.
Yeah.
I just,
I just read it on Google and saw the word cologne and figured what else would that word have to do with him
other than the stuff you put on your neck to try to get girls going.
So the fact that she was able to pick this clip was just too perfect
because I think all of our reactions were exactly what she showed,
just kind of shock and disbelief, and then Biz saying, you know,
players fuck up.
You guys know I'm i'm but far away
the dumbest guy on the podcast and sometimes i'm reading things quickly and i did see cologne there
i'm like oh interesting and i probably got a call about something else dealing with something else
and and i just like the fact that i stopped the podcast to say it and then once it was out it was
it was kind of like the shit story when i originally told it like instant regret it was
it was like trump when he was talking about south korea and 34 million people or whatever and there's
only nine million people in the country or something he's like i know more about south
korea than anybody how many people are in south korea 34 so when you googled south korea like 34
it's like 34 m so it's like 34 meters above sea level or whatever it is so he just thought it was 34 million must be true yeah what other funny i just see though i see though people followed it up though
and they were like uh oh when's the clone coming out like i think some people are still like oh he
does have a clone because he is ripping it up it's getting whatever call it call it smoke whatever
it's actually like hey it's actually a good idea. I'm like, he's trying to get in all this.
He's got Pink Whitney now.
He's trying to get in cologne.
Biz is everywhere.
I had so many people reach out and say,
hey, Biz is going to end up starting a cologne company with him.
Every one of them are like, oh, you're probably right.
I'm going to try to weasel in this one too.
Since you brought it up, I honestly thought he was.
Well, here's the thing.
If you don't think I didn't sneak, I DMed Dreisaitl.
I said, hey, did you see this?
You know, I'm just kind of like seeing it.
And he gave it a chuckle, and I was like, fuck, he didn't bite.
So I got to circle back now and be like, hey,
we kind of made something else of it.
But I got to cut that girl in because she asked for 10, and I said, deal.
You got to.
Mackenzie deserves it, though, because she got this all going again.
What do you call a player who's a pain in the ass to play against, Biz?
What do you call them?
A pass pass.
A honey badger?
Yeah, a honey badger.
Yeah, a honey badger.
You got a honey badger away and just keep going at people.
You wear him down.
So you just keep going at him and he'll end up giving in to you
because he can't stand the phone calls.
I'll hit him with the tranquilizer dart,
have him grab his hand and get his fingerprints and shit.
I initially shit myself when you said it,
because I was like, oh, fuck, I missed the story.
He's going to fucking balk at me.
He's like, how the fuck did you miss this Dreisseltel cologne story?
So I kind of shit myself at first, but I was kind of relieved that that's all it was.
But last week we talked about Brian Burke's Twitter QA.
You know, he was taking questions from a bunch of fans and stuff,
and he revealed that, you know, he had a pretty good deal out there
for Joe Thornton that O'Connell bypassed in favor of the deal with San Jose.
Well, OC fired back via Joe McDonald that the athletic OC is essentially
called Burke Eli.
He tells the athletic that he, quote, fabricated the story about the Thornton deal
and said, quote, no offer was ever made.
And he didn't call Berkey by name, but he referred to him as a, quote, unquote,
self-promoter.
OC called, said it never happened.
While Berkey went on the ESPN on Ice podcast, my buddy Wish and Emily Kaplan,
great reporters, he said he wishes he was in the same room with him
if he was going to call him a liar.
Berkey, talking about OC, he said he was, at the time of the call,
he was sitting there with Bob Murray, and Berkey said to Wish and Emily,
he, meaning O'Connell, O'Connell knows he made a bad deal.
He got a lot of heat.
He tried to move him quietly.
He didn't make a good deal, and he's trying to take it out on me.
So it's hilarious that there's no hockey to talk about.
We've got, like, GMs and former GMs having, like, a high school fight here.
Well, I kind of want their opinion first on it.
And first, before I throw it over to one of you guys,
I just want to thank Brian Burke for getting everybody going
during this time with no sports.
Like, this was such a wise move to get the juices flowing again so teddy i
mean what do you think of uh the noise i think it's hilarious i i'm i'm on berkey's side oc works
for the kings he's a great dude he was like the player development guy when i first came in
manchester years ago this is probably like 14 years ago now i remember one practice the only
reason i'm on berkey's side is oc was like coming down and i think i was
leading the league in scoring at the time or like top two or something i still haven't got called up
yet so after it was like a wednesday practice i was hung over a shit in manchester everyone
that were making 60 grand a week or a year no one gave a shit we weren't getting called up the king
sucked they still wanted us to develop so i was like like, fuck it. I'm getting shit-faced on a Tuesday.
Wednesday practice, I'm fucking around the whole time.
I'm taking slap shot at guys' sticks like five feet away on a breakout pass.
I'm scoring.
I'm celebrating to the crowd.
There's no one there.
The coach is like on the board.
I'm throwing pucks off guys' legs and like fucking around.
After practice, OC calls me in.
I'm like, oh, here we go.
He goes, you know why you're not called up yet?
I said, no, I don't know.
I'm doing the right thing. I'm working hard,
being a good teammate. He goes, let's sit down and watch
a... He ISO cammed me and practiced
the whole time. Just me
for 40 minutes. I was fucking around
the whole time. My heart rate was at probably 28
at the highest. This was on film?
They used to film their practices.
Imagine if we could get this filmed.
I'll reach out to OC.
Manchester has a big
rink too and he was way up top.
Obviously he couldn't see it. It was like 15,000
probably seats or 12,000. He was up top
in the bird's nest looking at me.
I still can't be the whole practice.
The boys still here die about it. I was like, fucker got me me. I still can't meet the whole practice. The boys, they're still here.
Die about it.
I was like, fucker got me good.
Not much you can say in that situation.
Step in here.
Let's go say something controversial.
What do you want me to say?
Oh, fuck.
I mean, I'm on Berkey's side.
I was 210 Olympic team.
So fuck you.
I don't know.
I mean, what do you want me to say?
Is it he said, she said, think about something that happened how many years ago.
I was going to say that.
I mean, you guys got to talk about shit,
so let's talk about it.
Well, I mean, we let you talk about it,
but your Wi-Fi keeps cutting in and out.
Tell the kids to get out the iPads.
They're probably actually learning now that you finally left their side.
They're finally getting some knowledge in those noggins of theirs.
No electronics during the week biz around here.
Oh, really? Bugsy's very
crunchy earthy. It's all organic
in there. They don't even have electricity during
the weekdays. It's bizarre.
Listen, this
whole GM
thing, I love it.
Ari, I think you said a big thank you to Berkey.
You get this thing going.
I know Berkey pretty well.
I don't know Mike O'Connell.
I would still say you can't even take a side.
It's like if somebody came up to you playing golf, golf analogy.
You're playing golf, and some dude comes up to you.
The other two guys you're playing with, they come up, and this guy's like,
I just saw this guy cheat.
And the guy's like, no, I didn't cheat.
He missaw me. And then you're sitting there. What are you and this guy's like, I just saw this guy cheat. And the guy's like, no, I didn't. I didn't cheat. He miss saw me.
And then you're sitting there.
What are you supposed to do?
You didn't see anything.
So we don't know who's lying here.
But it does seem kind of crazy that O'Connell's just like,
that's a flat out lie.
Like I can't, it's very hard for me to picture Berkey just making it up.
Like, how would you even just imagine that?
Didn't he say Bob Murray was there in the room too? Yeah, Berkey just making it up? How would you even just imagine that? Didn't he say Bob Murray was there in the room too?
Yeah, Berkey.
I didn't see a reply from Berkey
after O'Connell said something.
I called you and told you about it though.
I said that he said that he was in the room.
What's crazy about this
and guys, some people might be like,
who cares? Just move on.
No, this is drama. I'm all about it.
What else are we supposed to talk about?
We got a little excitement here. One one we were gonna drop berkey this episode but
we got him what do we bank him about a month ago g but we got him and he actually tells the low
story like front to back about how he challenged him and so berkey's berkey's fucking old school
he's a scrapper and and somebody's basically calling him a liar.
And he's saying, I want to fucking Donnybrook now because I'm a man of my fucking word.
But you just talked about the attention to detail with O'Connell.
So, yeah, maybe it's just, you know, both guys kind of forgot maybe a little bit of a detail.
But one thing that Berkey said specifically is they originally thought to send a list of six guys
protected but then they said hey let's make a real stab at it and then sent actually a list of five
guys protected so that's another detail that I'm like oh shit like he kind of remembers I mean
fucking Joe Thorpe and and that's a pretty significant moment in your career I mean he
talked about the pronger trade in detail You'd imagine you'd remember every little thing when it's in relation
to a future Hall of Famer.
So I can't really pick a side, but I have a hard time feeling
that Berkey's lying.
And there's always the element that he's, you know,
Connell might be protecting his ass, right, R.A.?
Yeah, and I think this other X factor we should probably throw in there, too,
is you're talking about two guys who are getting up there in age and I mean speaking of like my father
guys his age people do get pretty forgetful as they get older and you lose details to time so
it may be a situation you remember he kind of plays a trick on you sometimes you think something
happened one way and maybe it really didn't happen that way so it could be just one of them's
misremembering more so than just being a scumbag you know i know how i think we saw we need to hear from bob murray listen yeah bob murray i walk
i walk by bob murray a hundred times maybe 50 to 100 times in the morning you didn't even you
didn't even consider looking at you or saying hello we need to hear from Bob Murray now my prior I guess
times I've been involved or known him
I would guess he's never going to make a statement
about this but that's who we need to hear from
and I think
seriously with O'Connell though
he wants to forget those details
is that the worst trade ever?
it's up there because I blogged it and I wrote
15 years later the Thornton trade somehow gets worse
he's the only guy.
Oh, I was going to say, RA's got the tree.
We're going to go down the family tree again.
The only guy that won the heart and got traded the next year?
No, he's the only guy who won the heart.
He got traded and then won the heart that year in all four sports.
That's insane.
Major sports leagues.
I was close to Halsey.
He got traded and he won it the year after, right?
Yeah, I think so.
But it wasn't the same year.
I was going to say we could solve it by putting him on the the same island to scrap it out as
dana white wants to rent out and and continue the ufc he does not give a shit about the coronavirus
he's he's all systems go for dana white is there a hotel on this island like where is this island
yeah but those ufc fighters will. I'm in for the fight.
Bugsy, you want to go?
Yeah, but no.
They're all around the world.
I'm saying that you'd have to figure out where these guys are going to sleep,
like Teddy said.
But also, these dudes are savages.
They'll sleep in the sand on a couple leaves. They don't care as long as they get to fight the guy and get paid.
That's like Bugsy back in the day.
Where are we sleeping tonight? We'll sleep when you're paid. That's like Bugsy back in the day. Where we sleep at night?
Sleep when you're dead.
It's almost like one of those goofy topics.
I think that's
what I asked him when you pushed me in the pond
outside the casino in Florida and ruined
my brand new suit
from the guy in Montreal. It looked like the one you're wearing
right now. It's way too big for me.
It's always
somebody else's fault.
It looked like OC might have been a little too quick on the draw there but another place you don't want to be too quick
on the draw biz and that's the old rack when you what you love all right baby let's go most guys
have tried different ways to last longer but thinking about stan jonathan penalty minutes
or bobby clark goals doesn't cut it that's why the folks at roman an online men's health company
are changing the game with roman swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting,
and do not require a prescription.
They're super easy to use.
Just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash checklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-e-t-s you can get your first month of
swipes for just five dollars when you choose a monthly plan that's get roman.com slash checklets
you gotta get those ads in there biz nice little transition
i was gonna say biz can we talk about that
well i was gonna say last episode we dropped Brendan Walsh,
who is a hit.
He is a walking soundbite.
Him and Tim Stapleton, I think, are both wearing the crown
as the favorite guests.
But what I was going to say was he was very complimentary
of your transitions, R.A., which to me is invaluable.
Is that the word I'm looking for?
I hope so. Okay. Yes. Is that the word I'm looking for? I hope so.
Okay.
Yes.
Good, positive word.
Which is going to be the word of the episode, by the way.
Who are we talking about?
I had to take a break.
RA's transitions into ad reads.
By the way, I still have to say,
I talked to Bugsy one time,
talking about the first time he had sex.
He's like, yeah, it was crazy.
You know, he lasted 20, 25 minutes.
I was like, what?
What did you just say?
25 minutes, bro.
I was like, 20 seconds.
He's like, oh, what?
And he didn't know it was normal.
I couldn't believe how quick it was.
That was with a condom on.
Wait.
Since the last time we talked to you, you've had twins, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
How old are they now?
Twin girls.
Turning six months here on the 10th.
Uh-oh.
How is that?
Hey, how are you sleeping?
Real quick.
How are you sleeping?
Actually, like a baby.
From probably six weeks in, they've been sleeping through the night.
We didn't get a night nurse or anything.
We just kind of dealt with it.
They've been out cold.
Now, they sleep from like 7.30 to 7.30.
They eat four times.
That's living right now.
Tight ship.
Tight ship around here.
Good for you
but man i'm not gonna see buggy this year i'm not gonna see you our golf trips probably gonna
be canceled if it's not already it's a real bummer you know we had that planned out whatever
we'll get them back next year when were you guys supposed to go ours is gonna get canceled too
bug mid-july we should just go on one in august or september all of us yeah let's go on like a
month-long one.
We deserve it after this.
Hey, honey, I'm going to be gone for the next 95 nights.
We have a crazy guy's golf trip coming up.
No, I'll send a ton of pictures.
Courses are supposed to be spectacular.
Love you.
You're going to fly.
Yeah.
All right.
Got a little bit of news checking with you.
The Leafs signed Russian forward Alexander Barabanov
to a one-year entry-level contract.
He had 11 goals, 20 assists, and 43 KHL games
before the season was suspended.
He was on the 2018 gold medal team in Russia,
and he's also won two KHL titles.
I guess a lot of other teams are in the running for him,
but he ended up going to Toronto.
Is anybody familiar with him?
Teddy, are you buying anything?
I played against him,
but I deleted that memory out of my head
as soon as I got back in America,
so I don't remember.
But I played with that guy on the Leafs,
Mikheyev, or Mikheyev, however you say it.
Yeah, the NFL.
I turned off our podcast.
I played with him.
He's actually a super nice kid.
He was trying to learn English,
and he would ask me questions
like to an interpreter about the NHL and stuff like that is he a big lefty yeah he is i actually
didn't think he was gonna he actually started really good this year before he hurt his wrist
or whatever i didn't think he was actually going to be that good but obviously they're hoping with
this other guy that he's going to kind of be like a diamond in the rough and help out. Who knows? Who knows and who gives a shit?
I'll tell you,
you got to think if you're if you can get out of the KHL right now,
I'd be running if I was a player.
Could get a good AHL deal.
You don't know, man.
They already had two teams fold.
That league could be done in a minute.
God knows how much they're lying about the fucking virus over there.
I mean, they could have a four- or five-team league
that are all like six superpowers, but 30 or 28 teams,
they have no chance.
If they have four teams, they're not letting any imports in either
except dogs.
If you want to know anything about this kid, though,
since there's no hockey going on, I think every beat writer
wrote a story on him, right?
There's a few good ones out that go in detail,
what they think that he can bring to this lineup.
So if you want to go learn more about him, I suggest going to Twitter
or anywhere you can find these articles.
All right.
Next up, this is actually interesting.
It's an interview we have not dropped yet.
The second one we do with Milan Luc lucic and he had a um one of
those weird conditions in his trade with with james neal uh about basically whether the third
round was going to carry over because it was based on how much how many goals these guys scored it
was a real kind of unique thing well anyways uh he didn't know the answer to it none of us did but
uh edmonton gm kenny holland said on tuesday it is his understanding that the oilers will keep
their conditional third round pick from last summer's deal between Neal and Lucic should the season not resume the Oilers of
course acquired Neal from Calgary for Lucic the Flames would receive the selection if Neal scored
at least 21 goals this season with Lucic also scoring 10 or fewer goals than Neal such a weird
condition when the season paused Neal had 19 goals. Lucic had
eight goals. Holland noted that because Neal hadn't hit the 21 goal mark, the pick would not
transfer. Of course, they didn't play a full season, which would be the argument from Calgary,
one would assume. But just, well, back to the future, follow up on a story we mentioned
shorter before, but we did talk to Lucic about it. What do you think? I mean, let's go to you, Bugsy.
The season doesn't play out.
If you're the GM at Calgary, are you a little pissed off
that you're not going to get this pick or what?
Well, what happens if Neil got hurt and he can't finish the season?
So, I mean, you can't really be mad.
Okay.
So, I mean, I would just look at it like that.
If I was the GM, I mean, obviously you want to try to get him.
Yeah.
It's out of your control.
There's worse that could have happened.
You could have traded for Taylor Hall, and then all of a sudden,
you lose your first rounder.
I mean, that could be a situation, right?
Right, Teddy?
Yeah.
I think so.
So they don't get them?
Like, Jersey won't get a first rounder now because the season's shut down?
No, no, they will.
And, like, it's just like, well, you've traded for Taylor Hall.
Oh, yeah.
You're trying to get him for a run, right?
So it's bad for Phoenix, you're saying.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
Like, that conditional pick, there's way worse that's gone on.
What are some other teams at the deadline who traded for
and gave away a first-round pick?
Tampa.
I mean, they kind of went all in.
They traded a couple of first-round picks and prospect or something.
Hey, there's another year that you burn off that core group of guys.
Exactly.
The guys aren't getting younger.
They were rolling.
They were rolling, man.
I saw a funny meme on Instagram about Golden State.
It was Steph Curry laughing in the picture.
He was like, these guys are geniuses.
They tanked during a shit season.
No one cared. The season's not even going to
finish. You're going to get a first-round pick, and Steph
and Klay Thompson are coming back next year.
They're going to be the six straight finals again.
They're like,
Goddamn genius, Kemp.
Oh, man.
That was better than your answer,
Bugsy.
Yeah, Bugsy. Well, yeah.
Yeah, it was.
Bugs, what do you got going off for a drink there?
What are you having?
I got a little Budweiser going.
And then, like, my family, I was going to say we do this little special thing.
I don't know if you guys heard of it.
I know Teddy has for sure.
Yeah, they have you teach them things. No, Bugsy's grandmother taught it. I know Teddy has for sure. Yeah, they have you teach them things?
No, Bugsy's grandmother taught it.
I don't know.
No free ads,
but Crown Royal. Sometimes we gargle
some Crown Royal and then
breathe it in. It just kind of wakes you up
and makes sure it kills all those germs
from the inside as well.
Especially during the COVID-19, you mix that
with some Pink Whitney.
It's been helping.
How are you?
Honestly, I haven't drank in two months and just been taking care of myself.
Is that FDA approved?
Has there been scientific research?
Yeah, that was talked about at the White House.
Trump brought it up.
He said, yeah, just gargle some Crown and then take a deep breath
and we'll all be back to working.
I think the CDC said, I think it's 70 alcohol you need in the sterile cleansing,
so you have to take two shots to get it.
Yeah, Bugsy's teaching that to his kids in science class.
He just taught it a couple hours ago.
I'm teaching them blackjack.
Blackjack.
Teaching them some blackjack.
They like blackjack.
That's math.
Gym class this morning.
Wake up.
Dodgeball downstairs.
Full-on dodgeball get the
energy out hot tub hot tub today or no down hot tub tonight before bed they earn the hot tub at
night all right all right any dessert or you don't even you're having you're giving them like uh
wheat thins for dessert wheat things aren't good for you there you go that's the guy who doesn't
even like wheat then oh yeah bugsy's hands on over there the go that's the guy who doesn't even like wheat then
oh yeah bugsy's hands on over there the boys it's a really fun approach to it but they're
they earn they earn their fun like a hockey team he does
we all got our little parts just do your part he also forgets that he bought two german shepherds
that weren't trained from pet smart and a strip mall in Connecticut. So we forget about those.
So they're just biting you the whole time you're over there.
So you're shit-baked the whole time you're at his house.
They're bigger than you.
You're jumping up, and he's like, go to place.
And the dog's fucking running through the house trying to bite my ass again,
nipping at your fingers.
Terrifying going over there.
Okay, one time Teddy's dog came over to my house.
It was in Tampaa and we hear
a little some barking we look over my german shepherd howie has uh forgot your dog's name by
better oh what a prick teddy dude it was like it was like uh i know i should have ever seen like
clubs or his head clubbed online they'realing. That's what it sounds like.
No,
it's not better.
Or look,
one of Howie's toys.
So then how you put betters.
Oh,
how we only had 2000 toys,
but he don't want to. One of them.
Cause he's a dog.
Better.
His whole head was in Howie's mouth and he was squealing.
Bugs.
He's like,
Oh,
that's not nice.
Oh,
we go to place.
And he's just like him.
His dog's a bully
exactly exact same what the fuck they pattern their owners bugsy that's a fact i mean if we're
going to bring the science into this uh podcast like you did with the shot thing we gotta go back
to the drawing board buddy actually teddy what have you been up to during this this quarantine
what do you what's your daily routine life like right now to be honest it hasn't changed that much since the last couple years since i retired i wake up
whenever i wake up um never i haven't set an alarm and only set it for golf i'm so miserable in the
mornings my girlfriend actually knows not to talk to me for like two hours until i after i wake up
um wake up we she got all this stuff from her uh her gym delivered to the house so we have
a couple of dumbbells and like she brought home an assault bike i almost puked when i saw it so
i tried to get on to see like how bad i'm out of shape i did six sprints 20 seconds on 40 off i
swear to god i had a headache for four hours after i was like jesus i'm embarrassing then we cook we watch tv drink
and then i know i'm losing it when for my alone time i do the dishes because her little nest we're
living in doesn't have a dishwasher so i do the dishes before bed i've been doing that lately
it's very therapeutic it actually kind of is but i can't wait to get in my new house you have a
dishwasher i don't i fucking work too hard for that.
My hands are too soft to get dirty and all that shit, cleaning off her food.
It's called adulting, fellas.
You're adulting.
I've always been known as the dish guy, and I put on gloves, and I make the water 195 degrees,
and I go to town on dishes, and I don't mind drying them either.
I'll even throw my AirPods in.
There'll be 40 people in my kitchen.
I'll have my AirPods in rocking away while be 40 people in my kitchen, all my AirPods,
and rocking away while I'm doing the dishes.
You know what?
And Alex, we were making meatballs the other night.
I wanted to put gloves on because I don't want to touch the meat,
and it's, like, nasty.
I like putting gloves on, too, when I'm doing the dishes.
You can be savage with the gloves.
Yeah, you're fearless with the gloves on.
Right, Bugs?
That's how I was in hockey, too.
Because it can't be relaxing you know that's our ra coming from an old school guy i mean something like my grandparents didn't have a dishwasher it's
therapeutic is it not yeah it's definitely can be relaxing i i put on a podcast like a non
chicklets podcast maybe a movie podcast and it just kind of takes you away it's like actually
a bit of an escape. And back in college,
we used to have a dish chat.
It was like,
it looked like a calendar and basically you had to be at least 10 items in
there.
But when you,
when you did your dishes,
you would mark your spot.
But then it,
it just became like a bulletin board for like ranking on each other.
So,
but it was like a running tab.
So someone found them like 10 years ago and we dug them out.
And it's actually almost like a,
it's almost like a journal of the whole, like two of what would happen because it'd be like ranking on like some
fucking slob you went home with or something like that so it's actually pretty funny the old dish
chats we still have i thought it was going to be painful to i always judge people that worked out
with their girlfriends and stuff i was like at least hard i was like fit couple woohoo but it's
actually kind of fun it's keeping me in shape a little bit. I'm not getting fat.
I'm still a little skinny fat, but I would be 15 pounds overweight.
I need to lose like six to seven right now.
Hey, I got a trainer.
Comes to the house in the morning.
We train outside or in the garage.
My wife does it.
It's actually great.
Get a little couples time.
We're also getting a little bit of a sweat.
And all I'm doing is push-ups, sit-ups, and some golf stretches golf stretches right i'm trying to get dynamic but it's such a nice thing you just end up doing
and i was the same as you i'm like look at this loser working out with his girlfriend what a nerd
now it's me with high white socks and a terrible body asking my wife to stretch my hammy
i i agree on that too i think uh the working outs at first were like, oh God.
And then all of a sudden you're like, yeah, this is actually kind of like this.
That's how half the videos I watch start out with a guy,
trainer stretching somebody's leg.
What's that?
Challenge.
I know everything's a fucking challenge.
Now the one with like,
the wife is like crawling around the husband without trying to touch the
ground. Have you seen that? Like BX did a few other crawler crawl is that what it's
called yeah i actually thought about like trying to do that but i'd break my back and be in the
be in the in the er right now which is not where you want to be break your back with my girls my
girls two inches taller than me we looked at that and we started dying laughing you should do it to
her you tried to do it the other way around her knees her her knees are bad and then i tried to get her to
pick me up or try to squat me but we were like laughing too hard we challenged tall like short
guys with taller girls that would have been fucking hilarious i know but the fact that a woman can kind
of just like basically go go right up and over you in a way that you'd have to drag your ball somewhere. It just would not work out doing it the way you tried it.
I wouldn't even bother.
My wife would end up in fucking concussion protocol if I tried that shit.
Since we're talking about the workout thing,
have you seen Connor McDavid and Gary Roberts starting a little challenge on Instagram?
Have you talked to Connor since the break?
I haven't.
I actually did the workout the other day.
What are they doing? Yeah, it was like simple one that has added like more seconds, Have you talked to Connor since the break? I haven't. I actually did the workout the other day.
What are you doing?
Yeah.
It was like simple.
One of this added like more seconds and it was like a body weight stuff and some isometric holes or something.
Oh,
they're sending out workouts.
Yeah.
Gary just tweeted it.
Gary must be losing some cash.
I might have to text him.
He's all right.
Keep a Teddy sends him the video of the workout.
He's like,
boy,
he's making a comeback.
Hey, sign me in Edmonton. I can get 20 with you, Connor. Hey, Teddy sends in the video of the workout, and he's like, boy, he's making a comeback. Hey, sign me in Edmonton.
I can get 20 with you, Connor.
Hey, Teddy, we interviewed Craig Berube recently,
and so I actually asked him about Gary Roberts
when they played together in Calgary,
and I was way off because I thought,
wasn't there a time when he was really out of shape
and ate awful and stuff?
Was that early in his career?
I think so, yeah.
He was living with Greg Smythe. They call call him the bird dog he's from newfoundland you got
to look up some of his or he moved to newfoundland he met a goofy girl he ends he ended up dying uh
of cancer a couple years ago but like look up stories he was so tough and at the end of his
career he was down in the minors and in st john's and toronto called him up and he told
him to fuck off because i'm not going up there and babysitting those fuckers but robs lived with
them in in calgary and he said they were drinking all the time because bird dog loved to get after
it and he said if bird dog if gary wouldn't drink or like eat like shit with bird dog bird dog would
take him and put his head in the microwave and try to slam the door on Rob's head.
So I think Rob's was forced to kind of get after it
and chase it with those guys back in the day.
Okay, so I didn't imagine there was a time
when Rob's wasn't the machine off the ice.
Right.
All right.
Ted, you mentioned you were not pit wet.
Remember when he had me, caught me with the,
what are those things called?
Not Fruity Pebbles.? Not fruity pebbles.
Not fruity pebbles.
Fruit loops.
Buttercup fruit loops.
Fruit loops, yeah, in the morning.
I love fruit loops.
Guy wanted me dead.
That's when I learned about all that too, like pH in the water.
You'd have these little strips that you'd even use in your pools at the pH level.
You'd put it in the hotel water. I was water's like nope this water is not even worth drinking you need to have 7.5 or higher
he's right though i ever learned it he's right yeah he is but i mean i was i mean how 20 hey one
day i never even heard that they they he had us pee on him to see our pH level. And one day, Bugsy's pee just burnt right through the thing, right to a crisp.
Like lava.
He used to drink so much that he didn't even need a Z-Pak
when he would get the clap.
It would just get rid of it.
I definitely drink more during the season than during the summers,
I think, with all the boys, for sure.
What did you want to ask, R.A.?
Sorry for cutting you off there.
I was going to tell you, I got kicked out of the Holiday Inn once
for peeing in the pool.
And the guy says, you know, he says, you're out of here.
I said, buddy, when you talk about everybody pees in the pool,
he says, yeah, but not from the diving board.
Did that actually happen, or was that a joke?
No, that's a joke, but I knew you'd appreciate that one.
Well, I mean, I wouldn't have been shocked if you'd actually done that either.
I mean, what do you guys think about R.A. getting the
well, it's for the articles, but he was getting porn mags sent to the house.
Playboy.
Playboy, excuse me.
Playboy, not porn.
Playboy magazine.
Is that on  Oh, she got scared. Is that in for English class? Playboy, excuse me, Playboy, not porn. Playboy magazines.
Is that on?
Oh, she got scared.
Is that in for English class, Bugsy?
Did you order the Playboys to the house for the boys to learn to read?
Not yet.
Not yet.
But we have a few, like, opener lines. We work on just, you know, being a gentleman, opening the door first, you know.
Nice, man.
What's the one line your kid told me was hilarious
he said at school, remember?
Oh, uh, you ever see
Lick Me or Ligma? Ligma.
Ligma. I go to
Bugsy's house and he says,
was it Coop or Will? I think it was Coop.
How old is he, eight?
He's turning ten.
Oh, he's turning ten. Okay, this was a couple years ago.
He's eight. He goes, Teddy, you ever see you know ligma i'm like no what's ligma he goes ligma balls
and he's like dad can i get a ligma yeah can i get a ligma shirt and wear it to school i'm like
he's like i'd get everybody i'm like you can't do it at school you know
I'm like, no.
He's like, I would get everybody.
I'm like, you can't do it at school. You know.
There's  the boys are just funny.
So when they kind of learn like the curse words,
they first heard them a few years ago.
I helped coach the beauty league up in Minnesota here.
It's like a three-on-three league.
So the boys are behind the bench and, you know, they're shy or whatever,
not saying much to the fellas.
And then after we get in the car, oh, what did you guys think?
And they're like, wow, they do a lot of like C-cuts, dad,
and like sharp turns.
I'm like, yeah.
I'm like, oh, and they swear a lot.
I'm like, well, you know, they use the F word a lot.
I'm like, well, sometimes if you're really trying hard, you know,
in hockey for some reason, I think it just comes out.
So it's okay to say like you lock room talk, you're okay to say and they're like oh can we say that i'm like not yet when you turn
11 and 12 and in the locker room you can say it all you want when you leave the locker room you
know in front of ladies or whatever then you know it's just locker room talk but you can say it you
know and they're all excited oh we can say it yeah so that was my little profanity teaching the boys
can we get some like every year they're like
dad is it is it can i do it now he's like no one more year well oh god man but if i swear in the
house because i dropped the f-bomb occasionally too just sorry you know i actually think it's
genius because you kind of don't lie to them and don't set them up for failure but you're like hey
you set the boundaries of where things can be said.
All right, okay.
But I feel like it could be a Saturday.
Sorry, go ahead.
I was going to say, if I say it.
So if I said it today, then they're allowed to re-say it.
So Cooper just loves it.
And if I say the word even shit, he's like, can I say that?
Can I say it?
And you're just.
They're just, sheee.
Like, dude, some weird thing.
I'm like, all right, bud.
I hope that makes you feel better.
That's all I'm trying to teach about profanity.
That kind of leads into my thought of it. It could be like a skit of these two.
The first day you say they could say it at practice,
just fuck, shit. They're going to make a pass, of these two. The first day you say they could say it at practice, she says, fuck, shit.
They're going to make a pass and just scream an F-bomb.
Negotiation.
I could do this now.
And they're so, like, soft-mannered, too, and they're polite kids.
And I can see one of them getting called to the principal's office
for doing something, and he's like, Principal Skinner,
do you have any ligma here what's that will lick my balls principal
how are you gonna keep a straight face when you go pick them up from the principal's office
well or you just walk down from science class a few doors later because you're a teacher now
yeah that's right you know what the walk would
be like to the car it'd be like hey that was supposed to be our secret you're supposed to
keep it in the vault rather than actually like punishing them he'd be they'd be bickering back
and forth like they're buddies we'll be walking to the car like mcgregor
i got him dead i got him you just got to lay the law down when they're younger like a few years
ago Will was always getting in trouble at school like not listening and doing his stuff so I'm
like okay after the first time you missed like a week of whatever in the second time third time
okay no even if you have hockey practice and games you have to miss these and end up happening so you
had to miss like his playoffs his one year in might and then ever since then the last two years like
he's getting all this work done on top of this stuff so i was like
shit he's gonna i don't want to turn into me you know yeah i'm like i hate school though it's like
i i was just like you so just you just got to do this a little bit each day instead of uh you know
wasting all this time trying to cheat well it's good that
you're not you're not setting these unrealistic expectations that you yourself couldn't even
lived up to so that's not it wouldn't have been fairly any other way we just want a good effort
just put an effort give effort that's all we know we all know a school yeah well we know school
ain't gonna teach everything you need to know in life we all know that so now you know just put a
good effort in.
It's a good thing that you're homeschooling them.
Maybe this can continue. I think so.
Yeah.
What's the thing you miss the most? Golf, obviously?
Yeah.
Golf big time.
I drove to Connecticut once,
but that's a pain in the dick. I mean, it's like an hour
and a half, no matter what. That's three hours
on just the commute, and the round takes nine hours.
That's what my wife thinks.
Yeah, golf takes nine and a half hours per round.
I'll see you tomorrow.
But I really miss going out to dinner, dude.
I love going out to dinner.
Nice dinner, little lounge spot.
You know what I mean?
Good music pumping, good food that that gets that
that like that makes me thrive i thrive in those situations and so i really miss that all right
boys uh moving right along i know this has been a pretty stressful time for a lot of people a
situation going on it can really stress some folks out but that's why we're going to talk to you
about can i brands because spit and chiclets and can i brands have teamed up to give back to the
community through entertainment charity and availability can i brands has their shelf stock
and are providing free shipping across the nation to ensure the american people receive the products
they need in these anxious times can i brands will be donating donating ten thousand dollars
to the east coast hockey league player relief fund and ten percent of all sales through biz
30 will go towards a charity we are strongly invested
in. Additionally, Can I Brands has been the first to the table to support a series of entertaining
chicklets YouTube videos for fans to enjoy. Can I Brands is offering savings during these uneasy
times to ensure our community is safe, healthy, and living a wellness-filled life. Using Biz30,
you will receive 30 off products as well as a CanEye
cleanse product, a hand and counter sanitizer we have just produced,
which you can receive free with every order.
CanEye Brands is doing everything they can to be here for our community.
So everybody stay safe, get some CanEye Brands,
and reduce that stress level.
There you go, all-natural CBD.
What did you have for us, Whit?
You had a question?
Yeah, I actually heard Bugsy. Bugsysy's a hero he deserves a medal of honor from from the animal society what happened
so we're sitting at our table and my fiancee pulls out the binoculars and looks out on our uh lake
um and it's starting to thaw so that some of it's uh unfrozen in the middle there's a bunch
of geese and swans and whatever in there and we're just obviously watching the coyote we think we
look at it's a retriever retrievers chasing this bird ends up falling through the water
chasing this bird from you know must have been a house on the towards our left we didn't really
know um so she's panicking we have will and cooper here
and they're like oh what's going on we're like oh nothing yet and you know we're watching the dog
try to get up it's going under watch you go up we're like we don't know anyone really on the lake
um so she calls the cops right so we didn't know obviously the call okay we'll be there in a few minutes and we're like okay it just fell in
like two minutes ago
I call the one person I know
on the other side of the lake and he's
like well you know I'm like a mile
away there's no way I can get a boat down to
kind of the opening where she fell in
and I'm like man this dog's been there
now 10 minutes and I'm like
my kids know like a dog fell in
and I'm watching trying to get up a dog fell in and I'm watching to try to get up and I'm
we're in the house so that the cop supposedly comes the security officer came at first he must
have been the local guy and he's like man how long has he been in there I'm like ah 10-15 minutes and
he's kind of now on the other side of the lake too far to get at from my side so he's like he'll
probably be a pupsicle when we
get in there i'm like are you serious like you my fiance is like what like we love dogs
what like just go right there we see a boat just go grab the boat and go get the dog you know
and he's like oh yeah we'll go over to the other side and whatever so i'm washing this puppy you
know try to get up again and Where's the owner at this time?
How dumb is this owner?
They must have snuck out, you know.
So we're in full panic mode.
I'm like, we got to do something just to entice it to keep going.
And I'm like, my fiance's like, maybe run down the shoreline and just to keep it encouraged until like the cops come and actually can go save it.
Because now it's like 20 minutes and it's like, you know, freezing water.
Jesus Christ.
And so I get out, I run down like our shoreline.
There's a few neighbors.
I'm running like back in the shoreline.
I put my mouth by the mic, Bugsy.
And so I'm running to our shoreline and I get out on this dock.
Someone left their dock in the winter.
So I'm like probably 40 feet away from it.
And it just is, you know, it's up and down.
And now I'm starting to panic.
I'm like, I can't sit here and watch this thing go in the water.
Cause I have to, I have to fucking sleep tonight.
So I'm like, I go into the, there's like, you know,
a little brush or woods, find a branch, probably 12 foot long. It must be like a woods find a branch probably 12 foot long it must
be like a godsend honestly 12 foot long with like a v at the top right so it's like a gigantic
slingshot almost looks like kind of twig so i wasn't really supposed to go on the water but i
kind of knew it was kind of in the shaded i could tell it was like thicker water or ice so i kind of
shimmied my way out there on the ice as far as i could go
and then i had this stick extended out to the puppy so the puppy got both of his paws like over
the v and then i got to hold it there as i was like laying on the ice holding thing but it took
the it was 35 minutes oh my god was in there and i get out and i was in like i see the cops coming they get the water
stuff on and come get on they're like oh is this your dog i'm like no it's not my dog they're like
jeez i'm like well i know like i like i know the thickness of the ice i obviously wouldn't jeopardize
you know my life i didn't feel like i would be okay i knew you guys were close by so um damn
that's a tough decision on the on the in the midst of the moment there i mean i'd
have yeah i just think i would have jumped in at some point you couldn't watch that dog drown yeah
hey no chance the dog would have made it though bugsy if if if he or she had to wait for the cops
yeah because we couldn't i i couldn't even see the dog from our house. It was through binoculars. You could see the dog out in the lake, in the middle of the lake.
So, like, yeah.
So, it was just like a random.
Luckily, we have some coyotes and wildlife out here.
So, we're just, you know, worried about them.
So, we're just like, oh, is that a coyote?
So, we saw it was a dog.
And then, you know, we ended up getting the dog back to its owner.
They sent us a picture, you know, by the fireplace, all taken care of.
Owners of the year, what a bunch of good people.
Must have snuck out.
Who has their fucking door open in Minnesota in the middle of the wintertime?
Bunch of assholes.
Let's go egg their house, Bugsy.
Next time we go visit you, I'm going to egg their house.
Is there any video by any chance?
Bugsy, did anyone tape it?
Because everybody tapes everything nowadays.
No.
I can just picture you shimmying across that ice
on the dance floor back in the day.
I was laying down, actually.
I was like, I'm going to...
I've seen you lay down on the dance floor before, too.
I'm going to spread 220.
Only if you pull me back up.
Well, great job, Bugsy.
That's a pretty intense story, bro.
And the fact that you found that specific branch in the woods, man,
you said it was God sent.
Did Will and Coop get to see this?
Definitely.
They're in the house, and I just told them to stay inside.
I don't want them to.
We were watching, but it was just obviously awful to watch.
That's when those lakes start.
In February, those lakes are already starting to unfreeze.
Yeah, the weather has been great in Minnesota this year.
Perfect time for some spring golf.
So the dog knew you were like, what are you trying to do?
Because you said he put his paws on the thing in the right spot.
Put his paws on the thing.
Yeah, I just remember just encouraging him to keep going.
And obviously, I realized it must have been a younger pup.
But the pup was only three years to be in there for 30-some minutes.
Wow.
So it was nice.
It was an exciting day here, that's for sure.
Cheers to you, man.
Well done.
Yeah, great job.
Speaking of animals, Teddy, I know a few minutes ago you said you and the old lady
were watching a lot of TV.
Did you check out Tiger King as well like the rest of the world?
We watched like 30 minutes of the first one, and then she was barking at me.
We had to do our outside cardio workout, so I didn't get around to it.
But we crushed Ozark.
We're going on Homeland now.
Teddy, did you ever go in tampa to the big cat
rescue no i didn't did you you probably went there yeah we we the scary part is we get like
every year we get those things we we brought the kids there we were in tampa and we bought you know
donated to buy a cat to feed a cat or whatever. Bugsy donated the most random things.
He owned tigers.
He'd go to these concert venues.
A good band would play. There's only 10 people there.
I'm like, how did we get in here, Bugsy?
He's like, I'm a member.
Act like you've been here before.
Act as if.
The money went to Barry and fucking her husband
in the backyard somewhere.
I can't believe it's been a year and a half since this crew has been together. A year and a half? The money went to bury and fucking her husband in the backyard somewhere. Oh, yeah.
I can't believe it's been a year and a half since this crew has been together.
Right?
A year and a half?
I know.
Is it more than that?
Or San Jose.
We were downtown San Jose, that dump. Yeah, San Jose is not.
That's not where we're looking to kind of hang out in this group.
But still, it was a great time, and I do miss you guys.
Would you rather be
quarantined for like two more months or have to live in downtown san jose for a year
i already know my answer i yeah we'll probably leave it at that um that was a
hey witt i remember he married married you'd be all right or with with the girl i mean
I remember he married, married.
You'd be all right with a girl.
I mean, single, you're done.
No chance.
Wait, I remember your brother came up and we were at the meet and greet.
And Sean came up from San Fran.
Yes.
Sean came up and he met Biz like probably 10 times before that.
And Sean goes to Biz.
Hey, Biz, what's up?
I'm Sean.
Which brother?
He's like, no.
He said, no, you're not, and he called Sean a liar.
And he called him a liar.
Biz called him out and called him a liar.
No, no, no.
They look exactly like I met.
I think I met Sean once before, but exactly.
You guys look exactly the same.
Can I defend myself?
No, you can't. Can i defend myself no you can't when i defend myself okay with i i don't
think i knew you had two brothers but i met the other one you met colin for sure i think you met
sean too and and and i and i must have thought they were the same person when so someone said
yeah i i could see that but just so i was like this guy's fucking with me i thought it was fully
i thought the person i was like no no you're not witt only has one brother and i met i met him and you don't
look like him you're lying to me so so there you go that was a tough way to find out witt had two
brothers no you're not yeah i remember because after that meet and greet teddy remember we walked
over to the arena and you were like yeah he just he just said your brother, he called him a liar. He said he only has one brother.
So we'll do Berkey and O'Connell as the main event,
and me and your one brother as the co-main event.
My brother wouldn't go with you.
Wait, remember that your brother told me too that,
remember I was at your apartment with Billy Ryan,
like that nice one you had by the water?
Where was that, downtown somewhere? Yeah. Navy Yard yeah so yeah your bro said the one he never cooked then yeah or listen to this bugsy so his bro was telling me that he went over there like six years into wit owning it
and his brother turned on the dishwasher and obviously he put dishes in and started working
which like how the fuck did you do that?
This dishwasher worked the whole time?
Didn't use the dishwasher for six years and was amazed that his brother actually started it.
In the oven too, I think.
The oven, he never even cooked or ate there.
That was a good spot, that place.
I used toaster oven though.
Yeah, that's tough.
I left home early, too, but you get billet families.
They make you all the food.
Dave and Dottie Linebaugh, shout out Ann Arbor.
Unreal people.
They took me in after the scumbag first family kicked me out of their house
for no good reason.
So I never learned to cook.
I never learned to.
Now, though, I'm a dad.
I'm the biggest adult going. I got the grill going, I'm a dad. I'm the biggest adult going.
I got the grill going.
I'm out back.
I'm working on the pool.
I got the pool area stuff going.
I'm pulling weeds out of the driveway.
My back's aching.
I don't care.
I'm grinding through it.
The whole fact that me growing up has been a big thing is being forgotten,
and you guys making fun of me for not knowing how to turn on the dishwasher.
Hey, how about this fucking dork Darren Revell?
You all know who he is, right?
He used to work for ESPN.
He tweets out about all business news and sports,
basically related to sports business.
He works for Action Network now.
He tweeted out and then deleted it.
He literally starts off the tweet with,
I'm not into donation shaming,
but Jeff Bezos with with 100 million dollar donation 100 million dollars 100 million dollar donation to food banks looks ridiculous against the background of the of his world's richest
predecessors like gates or buffett 100 million dollars to bezos who was worth 122 billion
according to forbes is equal to the average American donating 56.71.
How much of a fucking asshole do you have to be
to call someone out for donating 100 fucking million?
Of course, he's such a dork, Darren Revelle.
He deleted the tweet.
He got fucking buried on Twitter all day for it.
But he is an absolute fucking moron sometimes.
Is that that skinny, short little guy? What's sometimes. Is that that skinny, short little guy?
What's that?
Is that that skinny, short little guy?
Brown hair?
He played Big Cat.
You know Big Cat from Boston, Chicago.
He played him in hoops like a few years ago,
and Big Cat beat him like 11 to nothing.
Yeah, he looked like a seagull with a pair of size 15 sneakers on.
That was a fucking stork.
He's like the movie character, like, Cheese.
Remember Cheese from old school?
He's like Cheese.
Was that his name, the guy they threw in the dumpster?
That's like Ravel.
He's like the resident geek.
But I'll tell you, though, that the whole group of people out there,
especially on Twitter,
but who want to tell people how to spend their money,
like you could take a hike.
Now, if you're going to come at me and say,
oh, you said Jacobs, Jacobs was cheap.
No, I wanted Jacobs to pay his employees.
Big difference.
If you're going to shame somebody for donating money,
like 100 million dollars,
the guy's getting chirpy.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Gave a hundred million dollars away and he's getting chirped.
Explain that.
If you literally come up to me and try to tell me the other side,
I'll look at you and not listen to one word and know you're the dumbest
person I've ever talked to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Kevin, Kevin and clancy
freaking ripped him apart go ahead bugs i'll just say maybe he just does it to get the attention
right that's ridiculous how can you yeah nobody deleted the tweet so you feel like he's that's
embarrassing he realized it yeah um speaking of hundreds of millions uh somebody a rumor was out there that a judge report he
ruled that adele had to pay her ex-husband of three years over 140 million dollars then
it was like it was like after that it was like debunked but this guy is gonna end up making a
little bit of fucking coin offer even though they weren't only married but definitely not
the 140 million that was originally reported because i was getting retweeted like crazy wasn't it all right
that's crazy i mean he unless he wrote wrote her songs then like he would get that kind of money
yeah no because i was like there's no way because you know sometimes people do get you know bent
over i mean i ended up going and looking afterward at the, some of the nastiest divorces.
There's a few that are over a billion, obviously Bezos gave, he gave like 50 million. Yeah. He,
he obviously is number one recently, but before that, I think the next closest one was like 1.2
billion. And then there was another one that was at a billion. And then here's another, and then
there was the list went on and on but like to have to stroke a
check over for a billion dollars that's like that's funny story my parents came down here
like six months ago to start help me with my house my dad worked in construction blah blah blah
so we're having drinks one night my parents like to have a good time and we were hall passes yeah
weird um hall passes came up and my mom was like or dad was like who's your hall pass mary lynn she was
like i can't remember who she said brad pitt or someone george clooney we're like who's yours dad
he goes no question adele so me and my mom started laughing dad goes voice of a fucking angel adele
all day every day that's cool love it oh it. Oh my Jesus Christ, Dad.
We just talked about Darren Revell shaming
people for donating. Well, we're going to give a couple
pats on the back here. Buffalo's
Jeff Skinner, he donated a nice chunk
of change toward relief efforts.
Sabres Forward made three individual
donations of 53,000 a piece.
Of course, he wears number 53.
Skinner. He donated to
three communities dear to him, Western New York,
his hometown of Markham, Ontario, in Kitchener, Ontario,
where he played two seasons with the Kitchener Rangers.
So good job, Skinner, making a nice donation there.
The Avalanche did announce a third player has tested positive for the virus.
He's in self-isolation, hasn't had any close contact.
He's so far the eighth player that has been known to have the virus so far.
And Mitch Marner, I'm not sure if you guys saw this,
he wrote a letter of support to younger fans.
Dude, what was on his handwriting?
Is that his?
Well, that's his.
Hopefully his girlfriend wrote it.
No, it was a fourth-grade girl.
It was one of Bugsy's daughters.
Thank God it was his girlfriend.
I love watching him play.
He's the man.
But I was like, dude, you can't write like that.
When I saw it too, I was like, oh, my eighth grade girlfriend wrote his fucking letter for him.
But it was his girlfriend, like Biz said, his girlfriend Steph.
Thank God.
We lost Bugsy.
That's one.
Oh, he's back.
Never mind.
He's a fucking cockroach.
Do you think we're going to lose him?
There he is. We've been trying to lose him for 15 years. No, he's back never mind he's a fucking cockroach you think we're gonna lose him there he is we've been trying to lose him for 15 years he's not going anywhere somebody uh
somebody sent a tweet out underneath that ra that females actually like are naturally born with uh
the more stability when it comes to that type of stuff that's why they're able to write so nice
they can write on like online paper that nice it that nice. It's crazy. Oh, yeah. I look like I'm
drawing with crayons.
It is funny, too,
how female handwriting
and penmanship
is so much better
than men's.
It's gorgeous.
In generalizing.
Okay, not done here yet.
We also want to give
props to CCM.
They became the latest
hockey game manufacturer
to help the cause,
donating 500,000
surgical masks.
CNN, ah,000 surgical masks.
CCM is in the process of procuring this protective equipment from its established network of partners that normally collaborate
in the production of CCM hockey gear, the company said.
They've arranged for transport and they're coordinating,
I'm having trouble with that word, with government officials
to ensure the protective medical gear is distributed
to Canadian healthcare workers as early as April 27th.
And they did note that 28 men and women are contributing toward the donation,
and the player roster includes Crosby, McDavid, Ovechkin, Melody, Dow,
Kendall Coyne-Scofield, Cary Price, Marc-Andre Fleury, Nathan McKinnon,
and John Tavares.
CEO Rick Blackshaw said,
we focused on the best use of our network and our resources
to have the quickest impact.
Sourcing greatly needed equipment through our established supply chain
partners in Asia is the most efficient way for us to supply
and keep our real heroes safe.
So kudos to them.
And one last note here, the Florida Panthers,
they're holding a Territory Trot Virtual 5K
presented by Baptist Health
South Florida to help support relief efforts in that area. It's going to take place from Friday,
April 17th until the 20th. The cost to participate in the Territory Trot is 10 with all proceeds
going towards the Florida Panthers Foundation toward relief efforts. Registration and full
details can be found on the Panthers site
or you can go to panthersfoundation.org.
Anybody can take part in it.
You can run the 5K in your home, your yard, your neighborhood,
between those dates.
And the Panthers are the first sports franchise and really anywhere
to do this type of thing.
I have people doing a virtual 5K, so kudos to them
and our buddy Sean Thornton and crew down there for getting this done
and helping out the community down there. what do you got that's kind of bullshit that they didn't
mean you were two panther alumni surprise our jurors aren't retired there yet i didn't get
that email did you the fact that like if you actually look at my hockey db i played seven
games for the florida panthers went minus seven, and was sent down. After signing the day before the season,
I basically met those guys for six minutes,
and I was just out of their lives in the minors and then off to Russia.
So not getting that email is a slap right in my face.
A couple of those games, I passed to a guy who passed to a guy
who hit the post.
I got screwed out of three or four second assists.
Well, speaking of running, unfortunately,
running out to grab a bite isn't as easy as it was a few months ago.
So, fortunately, we got DoorDash.
DoorDash is an option, and you can get fed
while also supporting local restaurants who need your patronage more than ever.
DoorDash is the app that brings you food you're craving right now,
right to your door.
Best part, ordering is so easy. You open the DoorDash app, choose what you want to eat,
and your food will be left safely outside your door with the new contactless delivery drop-off
setting. And by the way, if you are getting contactless drop-off delivery, I know you don't
see the person, don't forget to tip them. There are people out delivering, dropping the stuff off.
I saw a tweet that people think because they don't see the person,
they're not tipping as much.
So make sure you're tipping your delivery drivers no matter what.
They're working their asses off.
And with over 300,000 partners in the U.S., Puerto Rico, Canada,
and Australia, you can support your local go-tos
or choose from favorite national restaurants like Chipotle, Wendy's,
or the Cheesecake Factory.
Many of your local restaurants are still open for delivery.
Just open the DoorDash app, select your favorite local restaurant,
and your food will be left at your door, like I said,
and the deliveries will be right on your doorstep.
And our listeners can get 5 off their first order of 15 or more,
zero delivery fees on their first month when you download the DoorDash app
and enter the code CHICKLETS.
Again, that's 5 off your first
order and zero delivery fees for a month when you download the DoorDash app in the app store and
enter the code CHICKLETS. So don't forget, that's code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, for 5 off your
first order with DoorDash. Getting hungry myself now, Biz. Yeah, I was going to recommend, Bugsy,
Getting hungry myself now, Biz.
Yeah.
I was going to recommend, Bugsy, this Instagram, History Cool Kids.
They got about a million followers, and they just post pictures from back in the day with these interesting facts about whether it was about the war. They had one about Charlie Chaplin the other day, the first time he spoke in NYC when I believe they created bonds and stuff.
So they brought him in order to create up a stir and 20,000 people showed up
and to hear him speak for the first time.
Cause all of his movies were silent.
Did you know that one?
But,
uh,
RA,
I did not know that.
That's interesting.
Have you ever seen the movie chaplain?
I've never seen.
Oh no.
They did a new one of it.
No,
it was 1992.
Robert Downey jr.
Played Charlie cha chaplin he actually got
nominated for best actor he's unbelievable and the movie didn't like do that well at the box
office here but if you ever want to check out down robert downey and like a different type of role
where he's not playing as like you know cocky type of self like he does an iron man check out
chaplin it gets the rh who thumbs up of approval so. What have you guys been doing every night? You FaceTime buddies?
I'm downloading so many apps.
Zoom, House.
What's it called?
I've been on a lot of Zoom.
I play this beer pong game.
I never played that one.
I'll send it to you right now.
Our whole day will go by.
We're playing Scrabble.
My girl went to Stanford.
She wants to remind me every day.
She's fucking crushing me in Scrabble.
I hate it.
I can't even get into a domestic if I wanted to.
She beat the wheels off me.
She's bigger than me.
I can't do anything.
Me and Vedder go in the spare bedroom with our fucking tails between our legs
and waddling with my slopey shoulder.
Hey, Bugsy.
Have you seen what's happened to your boy Dana
who you bugzied in the
West Coast Wagon Tour? Have you seen what he's turned into?
I have. I've talked to him.
I've talked to him. Really?
I just
talked to him a little bit and
congratulated him.
You taught him the way.
For his date. I told him to buy a nice bit and congratulated him and helped out a little bit for his date.
I told him to buy a nice seafood
platter or something
for him and his trip to Vegas.
That blew up quick.
Crazy.
It was pretty impressive.
I'm a little worried about him now.
He's home by himself.
He's in a closet in New York City
having 38 beers a day.
That's going to end well.
That's who I thought you were playing beer pong
with. If you were playing beer pong with, you and
Dana still.
Oh!
Like the Brady Bunch.
What? I didn't even
know you were coming on when I just mentioned
you. No shit.
Did you text us?
That's a good producer move, Grinnell.
Oh!
This is Zillion Beers.
If you guys haven't heard of him, he drinks a zillion beers a night.
Dana, our boy from the West Coast Wagon Tour.
I'm guessing you probably have some thanks to give to Bugsy
and teaching you really how to get after it.
All right.
I have a lot to thank Bugsy for.
You were a virgin back then, Big D.
I was.
I was fat, too, and I'm getting fat again because of all these beers.
But first of all, I do want to thank Bugsy for actually teaching me how to drink
and blacking me out and making me pee the bed a couple times.
That's number one.
And I also want to thank you for teaching me
the ice game because i've been doing it with my buddies non-stop is that fun yeah you're having
some fun nice how about the warm cloth after did you try that the warm cloth after with your missus
oh no i didn't do that oh classy did you see brett uh bre Brett Merriman actually tweeted out,
how many times can you pull the ice out of someone's drink
before the bartender at the bungalow stops serving you?
That was quite a time.
I feel like I'm getting back to the fat Dana after all these beers.
When did you become not fat Dana?
Did you lose a ton of weight at some point?
Yeah, he farted.
Dana, did you lose a ton of weight at some point?
No, he farted.
Mid-April of last year, I lost like 30 pounds,
and then this whole thing happened.
I ballooned back up like a fucking elephant.
A zillion calories.
Yeah, you know what I'm saying, Bugsy?
Hey, Bugsy also had a hefty donation to the Venmo to help us get over the edge,
so he was a good guy for that too.
Lovely.
Hey, I was going to ask you.
It was fun watching you.
Had you ever seen like what we did on that West Coast Wagon Tour?
Had you ever seen anything of that magnitude?
What, in terms of the partying and the training?
Yeah, and just, you know, the high-class pussy that was around for once
because we know you ain't getting it.
I didn't see it.
What are you doing now?
I didn't see any of the pussy.
I fell asleep at 8 o'clock.
We're still
looking for it in San Jose too.
It's tough.
I kind of took a halt when I
got there.
You were on fire in Santa Monica
in your single days back then.
That was the single days, man.
Good times, but happier now.
What else do we have to talk about, Dana?
Other than this, what have you been up to?
Nothing. I just wanted to pop in and say hello.
I got questions.
The boys would be on, so I wanted to say hi, but
I'm at Marty Mush's house right now. I'm just chilling.
All right. So, Dana,
what's your daily routine
right now? I mean, what time do
you start just crushing back Bud Lights?
And how do you decide what days
you're going to go full steam ahead?
It's a tough
life you live right now. When do you get that
fucked up? All jokes aside, it's
tough to have your life being an alcoholic.
Like, it's not. It's a
difficult lifestyle.
I don't know. A rock and roll
pain train. I know, especially
in quarantine when it's like you have nothing to do
except just stare at a wall.
I just have like four 30 racks of Bud Lights in front of me.
Once you just stare at that for so long, it's like eventually around 5 o'clock
you can't just not crack one open.
So before I met him.
He dummies warm beers.
He's a piece of trash right now.
Look at him, dude. He's got a mullet. We love him, but he dummies warm beers. He's a piece of trash right now. Look at him, dude.
He's got a mullet.
We love him, but he dummies warm beers.
Dana, so I knew before I met Bugsy,
before I met Bugsy, I knew this kid, Teddy Dolan.
He's actually an NYPD, New York City police officer,
and he played football in college,
and he would say that the guys on his team and himself,
they'd have to drink 30 beers before they went out,
like basically kind of to get feeling good,
30 beers. What are you at now before
you feel a buzz?
I was at Marty's the other night.
How do you get drunk?
Vodka fucks me up. It doesn't take a lot to fuck
me up. But beers, it's
insane. I'll have 15 and I'm just
standing up straight like a
piece of cardboard.
Are you quarantined at Mush's or are you just hanging there?
Like what's?
Yeah, oh, tough one actually.
We had a beer pong tournament for, it was like.
Yeah, I was upset with your performance.
What happened?
It was almost as bad as that piece of art behind you.
This isn't my house.
This thing is ugly as hell.
Oh, it's Marty Munch's house.
That was  yeah, that hurt the brand a lot.
I'm getting a lot of chirps for that one.
Like, obviously, I should be getting chirp.
We lost in the first round.
What was the whole setup?
It's a 16-team tournament.
It's mostly celebrities, and somehow we're in it.
We're like the biggest bums by far that were
in it. Yeah, you were the easy first-round
pie for one team. Yeah.
We played Morgan Wall, and he's an
absolute weapon, but he was trying
his ass off, and so was I, so
he bested us. Who is he?
He's like a famous country singer
in Nashville.
Clearly, you don't know him, so I guess he's
not that famous. I don't. But my spin zone is that I focus on the drinking. you don't know him, so I guess he's not that famous.
My spin zone is that I focus on the drinking. I don't focus on the
games.
Your game is chugging
a beer.
What did they do?
They just filmed you guys thrown to the other end
where there was nobody?
Everyone just had their own stream going?
Yeah, so it was Instagram Live, like a full table.
You would shoot your two and like show it to the camera.
And then they would just pull the cups that you hit
and they would go until it's like a full game was done.
But, yeah, it was absolutely horrendous that I lost in the first round.
That's like  that's a brand killer, honestly.
Like the beer guy loses a beer pong?
Absolute joke.
Your stock went down big time.
Well, if you drink a zillion beers before, it'd be tough to play.
Yeah, I was a little bit mangled for that one.
You'll be back.
I'll be back.
Thanks for having me, boys.
This was fun.
Absolutely, man.
The mullet looks fantastic, too, by the way.
Do you have any questions, Dana, before we let you go or what?
No, it's good to see you guys. I miss you. Bug you bugsy we got to get together soon and fucking throw them back we will i haven't
peed the bed since so i need i'm due hopefully we get the whole crew maybe up to minnesota there's
a winter classic if we ever get out of this we're gonna be there yeah if we ever get out
all right hey dana a zillion beers. Keep it up. Keep grinding.
A minus setback.
Just, I don't know the saying, sets up a major comeback,
whatever the fuck it is.
Congratulations on zillion beers.
Hold on.
Do you like Bud Light's wit?
Here's why I like Bud Light and Bud Light's seltzers,
because they put 10,000 in for the ECHL Player Relief Fund. So, on behalf of that, oh, Teddy's got some boot lattes.
So that's why, yes, we like Bud Light around here.
I was going to say, they gave me 30 custom cans, Bud Light did.
I was going to give you guys one.
I was going to give Teddy one, but apparently he wasn't on my side
during this whole thing, so he doesn't get one.
Oh, hey, no, don't get  just because I have friends.
I'm the glue guy.
Listen, glue guy off the ice, on the ice.
Just because Friday beers want to hang out with me too.
I can't pick who my friends are.
As Bugsy taught me, he taught you a lot of shit.
You got caught in the middle.
I know, but Bugsy taught me a lot of things.
He taught Dana stuff.
Fun finds us.
If you're dressed yourself, people come to you because you're blue
and you're fun.
So don't get poopy pants.
They're getting a little poopy pants too.
I had to sit them down and have a little chat with them.
But another important thing that a really old veteran told me,
but he's got a lot of tattoos and a lot of stories.
He's a teacher right now.
He's got a plaid coat on.
Don't let it ruin your buzz.
I'm just saying I got some cans if you guys want one.
All right.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Chazillion beers.
Dana Bathway.
Can't say his last name correctly, but I love the kid.
What else we got?
Oh, Teddy, I wanted to ask you.
You brought up the Zoom, the FaceTime.
What are you doing at night?
Same type thing?
Yeah, we're cooking with my girl.
She introduced me to all these vegetables I've never heard of um we're hanging out and i get this one call my one of my good buddies from home it's
actually cool that we're in this quarantine you actually connect with a lot of people that
we still keep in contact with we are talking to way more my one buddy matthew bragg he lives in  he's from Newfoundland, dumb as rocks, big smile, bad teeth.
He lives in Hamilton now.
But back in the day, he came from the same places like Michael Ryder,
Adam Party.
It's like a town of 2,000 people.
So his brother Mitchell one time, we brought him in the St. John's,
which is my hometown.
It's probably a town of 250,000 people.
And he's never been to like a city before. That's a city for him he's never been to a big grocery store and his brother mitch was like matthew go get some sauce for the stir fry tonight
so long story short he said go get sweet and sour so matthew was gone for like 15 minutes
mitchell was getting the other stuff comes back around finds the aisle where all the sauce is he's taking the tops off each sauce and sticking his finger in to see which
one see which one tastes like then he put the cap back on go to the next one take that up and his
brother was like dude you can't be doing this i can't take you fucking anywhere so we still give
him shit to this day it's uh these people are from a town where there's no
rules there's nothing happens and he comes to a normal city and he's sticking his finger in this
in the sauces to see what's going to go on his stir fry later
unreal hey uh you mentioned uh cooking weren't you going to start some cooking show? Yeah. Yeah.
I know.
What was that?
That's how you know you're losing it too.
When your girl's like, let's do a cooking show.
So one of you guys must follow her on Instagram.
But we tried to get one of our friends to do it out here.
I didn't.
I didn't want anything to do about it. I made a couple of funny cameos in the video.
But now she's taking an online class of learning how to edit a video
and put it on her Instagram because she
loves to cook and her fans wanted it.
That's smart.
People need to
learn how to cook and eat real food.
That's how you survive.
As you look at me.
Just don't tweet anything bad about Obby's on Twitter.
I tweeted
bad about Obby's, man. I tweeted bad about Arby's, man.
I've been getting buried for two days about it.
They did one of those Boston things like pick three fast foods you can only have forever.
And I'm like, if you pick fucking number seven Arby's, then you should be on a watch list.
I legit got 400 replies like fucking angry, like, you suck, R.A.
You don't know what you're talking about.
I don't like Arby's, R.A.
I think it's a trash place.
It's trash.
Well, like I said, my theory with it is this,
that there's a lot of the country that doesn't have a good hot roast beef
sandwich you can get, so that's the only availability.
Kelly's roast beef.
I got a funny story about Arby's.
We were playing.
I got traded to Florida with.
This was right before our Jersey retirement there,
but it was like two games left in the season.
We were playing Toronto. And Gerard Gall's probably he's one of my favorite coach i only
had him for a couple months him and todd mcclellan were my favorite coaches but we'd go in we're at
the ritz in toronto they have a great spread of pre-game meal as you guys know r.a not sure you
know granella you definitely don't because you might you might know. That's not going to work. So we're there, and it's a couple games left in the season.
The boys are probably hungover because we're already in the playoffs.
And Turk comes in, and I'm in line getting my salad or whatever.
He goes, look at this fucking spread.
Who wants to eat this healthy shit?
He goes, I wish I knew where the nearest fucking Arby's was.
And I'm fucking dying in the freaking  it was the best meal or best
anything you ever wanted was right there.
And he goes, where's the nearest fucking Arby's?
I don't need this shit.
Get me something that comes out in seven seconds.
Good East Coast guy.
Yeah, but all right, I'm going to say Arby's is no good.
Yeah, no dice at all.
The other fast food joints you're saying are healthier, guys?
Is that what you're saying?
No, I didn't pick any.
I'm not a fast food guy, believe it or not.
My heart and my blood pressure are good.
Physically, I don't look all that great, but I'm fine.
I was going to say, as you get older, you're kind of like, oh, man,
I don't know if I can take that all the time.
Yeah, not me.
Hey, boys, we got to get serious for a second here.
You know, we want to send our best wishes to Edmonton oiler
in Bakersfield Condo, Colby Cave.
He was placed into a medically induced coma after suffering a brain bleed.
And the oilers tweeted out Tuesday night that doctors removed a colloid cyst
that was causing pressure on his brain.
As of recording, he remains in a medically induced coma. His wife, Emily,
and family ask for continued thoughts and prayers.
That's via the Oilers' Twitter.
I'm not sure if you guys know him. I know he's
got some friends throughout the league.
We just want to send our
love and thoughts and prayers
and all that to Colby and his family.
Hopefully, he can pull through this stuff
because it's an awful time to happen
anytime, but particularly with the situation in the world right now.
Yeah, it's super sad.
I don't know the guy, and I reached out to a few of the boiler guys,
and James Neal said he's the nicest kid.
He's in good shape.
He doesn't even drink.
I mean, he's only 25 years old.
It's scary.
Yeah.
It's awful.
I mean, there's no words that
It doesn't make sense.
No. I saw some of the
bruins guys put out like instagram stories just saying thinking of them so yeah we're there with
him and his family and that that was that was just a horrible news to get yesterday yeah absolutely
so like i said we're wishing him well and uh also i have a message from our sponsor zip recruiter um
right now we cannot be overwhelmed.
We have to work to keep our loved ones safe and protect our communities.
We have to work to stay strong, to stay connected, to stay focused.
We have to work to inspire, to innovate, to build new solutions.
But for all of this to work, we have to work together.
And at ZipRecruiter, we connect employers and people every day.
But today is
different. We are partnering with first responders, government officials, the medical community,
the innovators in the manufacturing, transportation, and food distribution industries to make sure
we're finding the right people for the right jobs right now. So let's work together,
ZipRecruiter.com slash work together. That was a message from our friends over at ZipRecruiter.
We can move along to more fun stuff right now.
Biz, I know you got a kick out of Rick Ross' take on Twitter that was bouncing.
I've never seen that before.
Apparently, it's been going around for years and years and years,
but we ended up posting it.
Mike, you said that we posted that a bunch of times before that.
Yeah, and I'll play the audio right now for everyone who hasn't heard it.
That's the game that's set up for the Savage White Boys, the Gs.
Yeah.
I like a good fist fight, you know what I'm saying?
Nose broke, shit like that.
You know what I'm saying?
I've never been there, but it's always good to see a nice big pack of tough white boys,
you know what I'm saying, that's sliding on the ice, you know what I'm saying,
and you look over, I fuck with them, you know what I'm saying, that's sliding on the ice, you know what I'm saying, and you look over, I fuck with them, you know what I'm saying.
Yeah, I like that shit.
And there you have it, Ricky Rose really breaking down hockey.
I think he hit the nail on the head there.
So anytime you want any Coyotes tickets, come on out, man.
A couple on me, I'll have you sitting probably in the upper bowl.
But, hey, still a good seat, not a bad seat in the house.
Whit, have you been sick of all these quarantine questions and challenges
and pick one and pick four and eliminate three and all that stuff?
Are you having fun with it?
I've done a pretty solid job staying off social media.
Okay, okay.
Yeah.
How have you done that?
well um he's about two foot seven inches tall and uh weighing in at 27 pounds ding ding ding rider colin whitney um he keeps me entertained i i mean it's just like there's nothing all right
so there's there's for me there's nothing on social media that's that i'm that i'm interested
in at this point like i'm on social media for I'm interested in at this point.
Like I'm on social media for, oh, this guy got traded.
Oh, this happened.
You know what I mean?
Kind of quick hitting news.
Yeah, some stuff's awesome.
And like the content, I'll go on Barstool at night.
But in terms of Twitter, I'm trying my best.
All it is is negative news.
Like I said about the news on the TV, it's just straight up bad news.
Sorry, that's sick.
I'll sit on my phone all day and scroll up and just read shit.
Did you see actually the tweet on Boston?
What Boston quarantine house are you picking?
Did you happen to catch that?
There was, I think, 11 houses. Yeah, because I was in Tommy's house,
and I noticed that he ended up writing a blog about how I think it was house 12,
the freaks at table nine, the freaks in house 12.
But we had, what's his name, Jim Fiorentine?
Yeah, Jim Fiorentine.
That guy's hilarious.
Yeah, yeah.
What about you, Biz?
Did you like your house that you ended up with?
Yeah, we had Rhea, Casey.
I don't  God.
Rhea, Biz, Casey, Kay Mako, Jack Mack, and Gilly the Kid from the
The only reason I remember those two is because Casey ended up sending a post about it.
But, yeah, I mean, I get along with anyone.
They might be annoyed by me by the end of it.
You guys know how much I talk.
Gilly's awesome too.
Gilly's so funny.
Yeah, he's  what's it called again?
Million dollars worth of game.
If you guys haven't listened to that podcast, give it a listen.
It's so funny.
All right.
I like  I have me  it was me, Lodge, Dana.
We just had Clem, Nate, and Will Compton.
So I was pretty happy with my house.
I probably squished Nate by about the second week.
But other than that, it was a pretty good place.
We've ran a little long.
Do you have any good stories to hand us off, Bugsy?
Was there one that you maybe thought of before you came on?
You're like, gosh.
Not really about me, but I thought of you when I was at this Hendricks Foundation
here in Minnesota.
It's called Hockey Changes Lives, and they bring people with disabilities the opportunity to
play hockey. So they're in sleds,
but they started this blind
hockey. And they have a beeping
puck. I heard about this.
And the goal, yeah. And I was
like, fuck, biz would be
really good out here. You know, with the other,
keep it equal.
You know, with not being able to see other
teammates.
keep it equal, you know, with not being able to see other teammates, you know,
and I thought of you, but you know, the main part is the foundation. I think it's the biggest in the U S.
And that's a low blow. That's a low blow, but I'm glad you were able to
pretty good on his toes for you asking for a
final story first of all it's very good i'm glad i'm glad we brought awareness to what's going on
in minnesota and you're able to to get me right in the balls so thank you very much our viewers
will especially the ones who hate my guts they're gonna love that one and and the podcast nobody
hates you biz and on a happier note little a little music I haven't listened to.
I heard the last podcast you were worrying about maybe new music.
Minnesota band Yam House.
Yam House?
The thrill.
Yam House.
We've always had similar tastes in music, Bugs.
Yeah, I literally put it on in the morning with the kids.
You know, get the breakfast, doing the dishes, get the day going,
pause the, you know. What do you mean doing the dishes, get the day going, positive.
What do you mean doing the dishes?
Do you go to bed with a sink full of dirty dishes?
Nope. I have dishes in,
dishes out in the morning.
You're asking the dishwasher.
I'm asking the dishwasher.
What's the song that you want played by Yam House?
They have a few that are good.
You got to request it.
We're going to end the episode with it.
Oh, The Thrill or Groovin'.
Keep it groovin'.
All right, keep it groovin'.
I think we got it right there.
And guys, real quick, I had to mention that little shout-out
to the fan who donated 10,000 from Aspen.
The Aspen Junior Hockey is honored to donate 10,000
to the ECHL slash PHPA COVID-19
Player Relief Fund as a way to give back to the many opportunities the ECHL has provided for Aspen
alumni. Aspen Junior Hockey is currently looking for a badass director of hockey operations to help
take the program to a world-class level. Check out the website for more info at www.aspenjrhockey.com.
That's www.aspenjrhockey.com
to submit your information for consideration.
So once again, thank you to Sheldon Walensky.
That's a massive donation, and I'm sure the players will be very excited
when they hear this, so thank you very much.
Another thing we got going on is, gee, we're going to get an NHL 20 tournament going.
We're going to have people tweet us who they want representing their team.
So everyone who's big chow people, you're on online streaming all day playing,
we're going to create our own bracket
and we're going to have NHL guys playing against each other.
Austin Matthews said he might even hop on
because he's been beating the wheels off Justin Bieber recently.
He's just been spanking him every game.
Justin Bieber can't even get the puck out of his own,
is what Austin was saying.
So maybe we could even get those guys going on each other.
Yeah, so tweet us who you want to be in this tournament.
The plan is we're going to do an NHL 20 tournament
with all the teams that were in the playoffs on the last day of the season and they're going to play in this tournament. The plan is we're going to do an NHL 20 tournament with all the teams that were in the playoffs
on the last day of the season.
They're going to play against each other. NHL
players playing NHL 20 streamed from
our Spit and Chicklets Twitch channel.
Again, just tweet us at Spit and Chicklets who you guys
think you'd want to see in this tournament.
Hey, Bugs. Thank you so much,
buddy. It's great catching up.
We love you guys, obviously.
Send me a couple
texts here and there buddy i'm i'm we're gonna make sure we see each other this summer before
we're all there next december 31st for the outdoor classic yeah it'll be great uh it'll be great and
then i'm just like you would i mean i put the you know look at the instagram maybe in the morning
maybe at night and then I've been quarantined
in the last six months here with these twin girls.
Hey, Bugsie,
we got a live, we're doing a live show.
We're doing a live show in mini, okay?
So we'll see you at that.
Sounds good. I told
Nelly or Ari, if anyone's coming into Prescout,
just let me know. Absolutely.
Well, Bugs, thanks so much for joining
us. It's been a hell of a reunion
with you and teddy uh we appreciate you spending the whole episode with us and hopefully everybody
enjoys it you take care and stay safe out there in minnesota and to the rest of the country the
world everybody else listening stay safe stay in do what you got to do and we'll check out checking
with you monday have a great weekend everybody because i believe it is the weekend as always we
want to send a big thanks to our awesome sponsors here on Chicklets.
Big thanks to everybody over at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to everybody at Roman Swipes for taking care of us, fellas.
Another big thanks to everybody over at Can I Brands for hooking us up.
Big thanks to DoorDash for taking care of us in these wild times,
making sure we're getting our food and vitamins.
And also a big thanks to everybody at ZipRecruiter.
Appreciate that heartfelt message.
Hopefully everybody takes it to heart.
Have a great weekend, y'all.
This is that feel-good song you haven't heard yet
But you've been needing ever since you were in third grade
Your mama's dancing along cause mama knows best
Just close your eyes, don't look around Take a step and start grooving We'll see you next time. It's best time you started grooving We gotta bring it back
So many hours watching Netflix
Sidechicks staring at your telephone
Nobody's dancing anymore
No one told me bumpinging grinding i'm talking proving we got one job keep it moving
you don't need a reason to be hands up all around tell me what's been getting you down
it's best time you started it's best time you started, it's best time you started grooving
Don't overthink it baby, you don't need a reason to be
Hands up all around, tell me what's making you down
It's best time you started, it's best time you started grooving
And don't you forget that
Oh yeah, you got all my love, oh yeah, you got all my love
It's yours for the taking
Oh yeah, you got all my love
It's yours for the taking
Oh yeah, you got all my love
It's yours for the taking Oh yeah, you got all my love
It's yours for the taking
It's the best time you started.
Take a step and start moving.
We got one job. Keep it moving.
You don't need a reason to put your hands up all around.
Tell me what's beginning you found.
It's best time you started.
It's best time you started moving.
