Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 262 of Spittin' Chickas,
presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Still in quarantine.
I lost count of the weeks, but whatever.
We're having fun.
We're going to have some fun with you guys today.
Let's say hi to the crew first. Producer
Mikey Grinelli, look at that flow on you coming
in. Holy shit. Yeah, the hair's getting
long. Slowly becoming the best
NHL 20 player on
the planet right now. So day by day,
I'm learning on it.
One in three record?
One in three record, but we take the W's.
I beat Adam Gaudette, who is unbelievable.
Got pumped by the New Jersey
Devils mascot. That was a hit to the
morale there. Did he wear the costume while he played you?
He wouldn't do video.
He would do no video. Coward.
Yeah, so I'm a little disappointed, but I'm getting better, boys.
Follow us on Twitch. What's his name
again? What's the mascot's name again?
He just goes by NJDevil.
That's it, huh?
You got to get gritty on that.
I might get whacked.
Good show.
Next up, we'll go to the wit dog next, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, brother?
Not much.
Not much, guys.
Every day's the same day.
I've just been kind of hanging out, right?
You know what I've been doing?
I've been doing a lot of things I've been putting off.
So I'm just like, I'm crushing things. things all closet organized boom i did it i've been saying for a
year to do it but i've done it so things like that uh got a hitting net in my in my garage
whack balls in there and other than that man it's not much going on i gotta be completely honest
with you i've read up on we're about to what we're about to talk about but in terms of like stories from what's going on i don't have much yeah yeah
not a hell of a lot going on last but not least biz nasty paul bisonette what's going on buddy
everything's good here we've had a lot of things come out in the last few days uh one thing i
didn't post about friday what was it the scott gomez interview came out on our spit and chicklets
youtube channel oh my god i forgot how many pepe stories he had and speaking of lemieux at the Scott Gomez interview. Came out on our Spittin' Chicklets YouTube channel. Oh, my God.
I forgot how many Pepe stories he had.
And speaking of Lemieux, his kid, Brendan, reached out
because they're actually here in Arizona.
And I think we can get him and the old man on,
which would be a treat.
We're not doing that anymore.
What do you mean?
We're not saying interviews anymore.
Well, actually, time out.
Maybe we can because the fan base that is hounding
us for their guy
is going to get them. Bo Horvat
is on later today.
That's a bad example. Looks like we gave
in to Canucks fans, though.
I've read an article. I don't remember
on what website it was on, a Twitter feed,
but it said Arizona
95 of the golf courses
remain open out in Arizona.
Have you seen that?
I mean, that's nothing going on.
That would be something I would do.
I mean, I don't know.
Is that something that I could get publicly shamed for?
If a course is open in Arizona and you play golf,
I would tell someone that chirped you for that to kick rocks.
Well, maybe you have to go swing the sticks.
Who else came out, Grinnell? We just had Eddie Olchuk you have to go swing the sticks um who else came
out Grinnell we just had Eddie Olchuk as well come out in the spit and chicklets youtube channel
uh how many times have I said that I forgot about his um how emotional his story was about cancer
and and and how I I saw the clip Grinnelly where he that was kind of what put him over the top to
write the book I forgot he told us that as well so So he's the man. I love how he came in.
He just started chirping, you and I both, Biz, right off the bat.
He's like, how did you two guys do this?
What are you talking about?
What are you guys up to?
We got Jordan Binnington coming out Friday, too.
That was a killer interview as well.
All right, let's go, Binnington.
He tells a story about when he tells Martin Dobroder to kiss his ass.
We got to talk about uh
the Berkey go back to that one about the Donnybrook story between him and Kevin Lowe that was had you
ever told it in that length I hadn't heard it before I mean he's he Berkey's talked so much
he's on so many shows I'm sure he's like got the some of these stories down pat by now but I hadn't
heard it in that version before I thought it was spectacular so I had a good chuckle when I saw the clip again that we posted the social and it uh it I jotted down on my notes
all right have you ever challenged somebody to a fist fight um hands down challenge the chiefs
uh like verbally no like let's go scrap no no I was 11 not a fighter back in the day
all right what about you Whit have you Outside of hockey, did you ever challenge?
Did some guy maybe kiss your girlfriend in high school and you said,
I'll see you in the fucking parking lot?
No.
Not in hockey.
Off ice.
Off ice.
No.
I remember being petrified legitimately.
That's how soft I am was.
Who knows?
When in sixth, seventh grade, kids grade kids started fighting right across the street like some people were animals they had that in them
keithy and like he was street fighting and air walks four days a week i didn't have that that
bark right i didn't have that bite so i was always kind of a lover as i already said i was just a
good kid man i was out working on my game.
I was out stick handling.
I was out passing it off the cones.
You know, I was doing that stuff.
I was not a fighter.
I can admit it as a man.
Well, you brought up Jans.
Now I can buy bodyguards.
Look how it worked out.
He had a crazy stage, dude.
I was like, this kid's going to be in prison or in the NHL.
He was nuts.
Keith's an animal.
You would have thought that's where he got his tattoo.
He really grew up and matured. It took him a little while. He was a nut. He was a
complete... He was like 10 years
old. Our buddy, Bunzo,
whose father's also nicknamed Bunzo,
Brendan Byrne and Jim Byrne, great
people. Some of the greatest people on Earth.
I think he made fun of Keith
for wearing airwalks because he was like a
skateboarder at one point.
And Bonzo Burns pulling, the guy's 50 years old, pulling out of the driveway.
Keith pulls his pants down, moons him.
Ten years old.
He, like, there was no stopping this kid.
My brother dummied me for years, Biz.
Like, my brother's a pretty tough kid.
He's small to me.
When we were kids, my uncles were always like, someday he's going to me and when we were kids my uncles were always like someday he's gonna get bigger than you he's gonna kick your ass and i ended up getting like
much bigger than him but like i didn't get any tougher than him so i'm like yeah i got bigger
than him but i'll never beat him my brother's like he's you know he's probably are you asking
me to fight him all right is that what you're asking me no i'll scrap your brother hey well
for the money maybe we let's get the cut let's get the rough and rowdy going. Me against the bully, R.A.'s brother.
All right, boys, shifting over to the news.
We got some scenes from Saskatchewan that were simultaneously
heartbreaking and heartwarming.
Colby Caves Home Province, they turned out en masse to pay their respects.
The family had asked people to line up along Highway 16 in North Battleford,
and it looked like I think someone said 15 kilometers.
I don't know what that is in miles.
I know it's probably 10, 12 miles.
Just an incredibly moving scene.
Someone took footage of it with a drone.
And it was just, you know, like I said,
heartbreaking and heartwarming to see the turnout.
People, and they had to do the social distancing,
and people did a good job as well.
And something we didn't discuss the other day, guys,
and, you know,
I had a friend of mine lost his stepfather recently,
is the effect of this pandemic on the grieving and mourning process for people.
I mean, you know, around here, we're used to going to the wake and the funeral.
And, you know, there's a routine to it.
And I'm not a religious person, but for me,
I find it very cathartic to get through this stuff.
And because of the restrictions, people just, they can't have the same services.
They can't have the same farewells and traditions that they say at the pot.
So it makes it even tougher.
So stuff like that, it helps a little bit.
It helps the family move along a little bit.
And shout out to Eric, sorry, Eric Greiber, former Oiler,
Boston University Terrier.
He was out there.
He had his Edmonton jersey on check out his
Instagram he had a great picture of
you know the motorcade
coming through and just
it was a great scene I know it
sounds crazy to say because it was
because of an awful thing but it was
great to see that turnout it shows what
he meant to people and how people kind of in the
community bonded together it was
perfect yeah I was just going to say that R.A. what you said about the fact shows what he meant to people and how people kind of in the community bonded together. It was perfect.
Yeah. I was just going to say that, all right,
what you said about the fact of like going to pay your respects and, you know,
and, and, and talking to everyone and bringing up those stories that there,
yeah,
there's something of it as you get older and you appreciate life more,
like for sure. I, you,
that definitely sucks that they weren't able to experience that. But, uh,
you know, that,
that kind gesture of them pulling over on the side of the road
for it going on kilometers after kilometer,
and I use that in the Canadian term because it was in Saskatchewan,
but Bingo, go check out Greib's social media.
Maybe we can, you know, talk to him,
and I know how close that whole province is of Saskatchewan.
So our heart goes out to them.
This was a brutal situation, and it was a very tough beginning to last podcast,
but, you know, that's how we feel about each other in the hockey community.
And, you know, even though we don't, we didn't know him well,
we felt like we did and, and I'll leave it at that.
Yeah.
It's a, it's a family, man.
We lose one, we mourn them.
Just one other quick note is Oilers executive Bob Nicholson announced that the Popular Forward's impact carried through.
They're going to have a Colby Cave Memorial Fund that was announced Tuesday by the team and the family.
The fund will support mental health initiatives and programs providing access to sports for underprivileged children.
It will be led by Cave's wife, Emily.
So you can check out the Oilers website there if you'd like to make a donation.
So I'm heading over to get some, well, I guess happier news.
We want to send congratulations out to two-time Stanley Cup winner Chris Versteeg
who announced his retirement on Tuesday.
The 33-year-old played 643 games for seven teams over 11 seasons
and almost half of those with Chicago where he won cups in 2010 and 2015.
Did you guys get a chance to read his statement at all that was posted?
I thought it was pretty interesting.
He said, I took a lot of for granted in my time in the NHL.
And then he mentioned there was one coach who took a kid with a different
personality and a massive chip on his shoulder and helped give him hope,
referring to himself.
I just thought they were kind of candid quotes to have in his retirement statement.
Basically calling himself a pain in the ass.
He's a candid guy.
I'm actually very excited for the interview when we do get him.
I got to play with him quickly in Florida right on my way out,
and he was pissed off.
He was furious.
He ended up back in Chicago, won another Stanley Cup, I believe.
And he had just attitude. He had like a presence about him he's a funny funny bastard too and man he was part of
one of the worst trades ever for the bruins i think it involved like him for brandon bochenski
who's a star at north dakota i think he was actually my first fight ever in the ushl or no
i don't know whatever either way he was a great scorer but. I think he was actually my first fight ever in the USHL. Or no, I don't know, whatever, either way.
He was a great scorer, but never turned out to be the player Versteeg was.
But yeah, two Stanley Cups, tons of games played.
And I know what he's saying, but I took things for granted
because I've said the same thing.
You think you're going to be there forever.
At least I had that mindset, which was wrong.
You look back and you're like, oh, every day somebody's gunning for your job.
I relaxed and got injured, and that's what it was.
And I'm sure at times he  I'm not necessarily saying he has the same thoughts
on what I mean by taking it for granted, but in some way he probably looks back
and says, wow, man, I thought it was a little easier than it was.
But what a career he had, and congrats to a great guy.
I could definitely see what you said
about the chip on his shoulder. I'm wondering
if him looking back on it, he
wouldn't have done the pucks over the glass thing
in pregame skate.
No, because that year he ended up
in Chicago and won the cup, or
the year later or something.
He's going to tell that story
himself when it comes on. We'll leave it to him.
All right, I'm looking forward to it.
A little teaser for your listeners.
But I will say I never saw that side of him.
Every time I've met him, he's been such a nice guy,
and he doesn't seem like the type of guy who would take things for granted.
And just for the record, that coach who he was speaking glowingly about
was at the time Providence coach Scott Gordon,
and he also mentioned Dale Tallent in his statement as well.
Yeah, he was  Versteeg ended up a call-up finalist his rookie year.
No way.
Steve Mason won the call-up that year.
Bobby Ryan was second, and Versteeg was third in the voting.
And, yeah, that deal, Brandon Bochenski for Versteeg,
where Bochenski was out of the NHL within three years,
and, of course, Versteeg would have his whole 11-year career afterwards.
That scout got fired.
It was no Peter Chiarelli,
man.
That was,
that was on his watch.
Well,
he did.
I didn't lie.
It came to fruition.
So another hot take.
Yeah.
That's a little,
we're full of them here.
Oh,
we got a hiring in the KHL and a story broken by our buddy,
Igor,
your uncle got to give a little giggle.
I was like,
is that how you are giggle right now is
she imitating ego yaronko oh wait we gotta go back to your intro with the hey hello everybody
that was like one of your best ones ever wow i your best one of the quarantine thank you i i have
no idea what the parameters are for getting great what fires me up and i think it i love it boys up
today i was a little bit of a shitty mood coming in,
buddy. You got me going. Thanks, buddy. Well, it's good
to know. Well, former Calgary
Flames coach Bill Peters, he's
the new head coach of
Yekaterinburg
Automobilist. How do I do that?
I think that was actually
perfect.
It might be Yekton.
It was pretty close. Sorry. I'll sayton. It was pretty close, Ari.
I'll say that. It was very impressive for a guy
with your tone, accent, and overall
vocabulary. If Witt was staring
at the Louis Vuitton duffel he bought
there, he would have remembered how to say it in Russian
too. Fluent Russian.
Remember when you told me you were buying it?
Remember you told me you bought it
because the ruble was crashing or something?
Yeah. Is that your excuse? I don't remember. Every dollar I made. Remember you told me you bought it because the ruble was crashing or something? Yeah, the ruble.
Was that your excuse?
I don't remember.
I thought I got a huge deal on it, and I turned out.
I was like, wait, I think I paid way more than I would have.
You told me that, and then we did the math.
But I could travel home with it.
And then you paid double.
Oh, man.
Let's see.
Yeah, he signed a two-year deal with the club.
Perry Pern, German T teetoff evgeny
sheldiben and constantine vlasov will also join his staff uh that team automobilist they lost in
the first round of the gagarin cup uh last year i'm sorry this year the 20 and 2020 season bill
peters did speak to the media remotely uh he's not in russia yet due to the pandemic and the travel
situation but uh you know i just wrote the blog about it. And this, you know,
I'm not saying a guy made a mistake. He fucked up.
Doesn't mean he should never get hired again in any job,
but it's also just because people might forgive him.
Biz doesn't mean he's entitled to any particular job. And, you know,
frankly, as the NHL gets more diverse and talks about, you know,
hockey is for everybody.
I think it's less likely that we'd see him back in the NHL in the future.
A little off topic, but staying there. What do you think? hockey is for everybody, I think it's less likely that we'd see him back in the NHL in the future.
A little off topic, but staying there.
What's your guess on
what North American guys make
over there as coaches? Players get
good money. I would say a million bucks.
Oh, really? I was going to say 500.
Oh, okay. Sure. I'm not going to argue.
Let's have a debate. I have no idea.
Let's meet at 750.
Handshake. Alright, so he's have a debate. I have no idea. Hey, let's meet at 750. Handshake.
All right, so he's making 775.
750.
Sold.
Storage wars.
Shit.
You ever watch those stupid fucking shows?
Oh, yeah.
They put the shit in there.
It's the dumbest show.
It's the stupidest thing. Yeah, this is the first Sega Genesis ever sent over from Japan.
I can get 1 get 1800 for this imagine buying one and someone kept their stash there like a bunch of elite like a whole shit
load of drugs or something they open it up they should have got weird with it and had like bodies
in it and shit yeah like silence it up then all of a sudden it turns into like a csi crime scene
and like there's like a They're all blaming each other,
and the next thing you know, it's fucking Tiger King again.
Oh, fuck me.
Or the storage from Breaking Bad with that ginormous brick.
Do you watch that?
With all that money on it?
Do you watch Better Call Saul, Whit?
The spinoff from Breaking Bad?
I have never watched that, and I love that character.
Guys. I haven't checked that out. Sorry, Biz. You going back to the Ozark thing? it the spin-off from breaking i have never i have never watched that and i love that character guys
check that out sorry sorry biz you going back to the ozark thing you think i'm not bro i'm gonna
triple down i just finished season two the fucking acting in that show is might be three times better
than breaking bad i'm not gonna spoil nothing for you i am so looking forward to season three
and like the the fact that ra might have convinced me off my original thought
is what upsets me the most.
And that's why I keep bringing it up, R.A.
That's why I keep doing it.
Don't be embarrassed.
I was almost a lawyer.
People who don't like Ozark or this TV show hate my guts at this point
because I brought it up four times.
So I'll make you a promise.
I won't even bring up season three.
People have been
raving about it. You wonder why my
fucking nose is so big? That's a lie.
Anyway, what else we got?
We got another scoop
from another of our buddies overseas.
Avis Kalmans,
our Latvian hookup to the KHL.
He said he's been hearing that
Alexander Romanov, the left-shot D-man who looks like a Russianian hookup to the KHL. He said he's been hearing that Alexander Romanov,
the left-shot D-man who looks like a Russian Grinelli, by the way.
Coyotes, let's go, baby.
Oh, that's him?
He looks just like, yeah, he's like a... Yeah, he's more than Quinn Hughes, too.
Yeah, he looks more like me than Quinn Hughes does.
He's a cleaned-up Grinelli, basically.
No offense, Grinelli, but he's...
The picture of my star is pretty neat.
Definitely.
It's like the progression scale where, like,
Quinn Hughes needs to get better looking he getting better looking with money?
Well, either way, he's not going to sign an extension with Siska Moscow,
and instead he's going to sign a three-year entry-level deal with the Canadians.
The Habs took him in the second round of the 18 draft, 38th overall.
So, Habs looking to shore up their defense because they certainly need help back there.
This one is from John Matiz of The Score.
He just broke this a little while ago.
Sammy Blake signed a two-year, 3 million extension with the Blues, 1.5 million average
annual value. That seems like a pretty good price for him. Hey, Biz? Yeah. I mean, his teammates
love him. They said he's sneaky good. And you got to remember, they're getting these guys cheap
because they're so good, but yet they're probably in deeper roles because of the lineup they have.
So once these other guys start getting a little bit older
and on the back end, you could even get this guy in his next deal
at even more fair price.
So, yeah, these are the types of guys that just keep your team very deep.
They buy in at a young age.
They're exactly the type of player that they need.
He's good along the walls.
He's got a little bit of spice and fire to his game.
Yeah, that's a fucking great deal, man.
I mean, I don't know what's going on with the salary cap,
but yeah, that's a fucking great deal.
He also is one of those guys you could see just climb up the lineup, right,
and end up really definitely a legit.
If he was on the first line, I'd be like, cool yeah playing with tonight just because of the tempo he plays with i love the
signing the blues just keep bringing it oh god i'm strong there's a stroke off for you two hands
you're getting the rob bobby craft special baby nobody pumps your tire i have the only podcast
that might pump your tires more is uh
strickland and uh and jansen who have a great podcast yeah i went on i went on with those guys
oh yeah check it out cam and strick was that what they call it yeah they're great man like
what's this pink whitney i was explaining it to him like are you shitting me oh yeah janny i was
calling him janny he's swearing at you the whole time yeah he's an animal i was
scared of him i could just feel him gritting his teeth through the phone spitting on them
spitting all over it all right boys we got a little bit of money stuff to talk about uh per
darren draga he said uh nhl players final paycheck is due today wednesday the 15th uh it remains on
hold until a decision is made by the Players Association
Executive Board on how much escrow to withhold from their final checks.
The decision is expected this week.
Owners, players will receive 2018-19 escrow funds next week.
Also related to getting paid, guys, Larry Brooks at the New York Post,
he said that players are owed about 445 million in signing bonuses
for next season.
And while all of them aren't necessarily need to be paid in full by July 1st,
a substantial amount of it will need to be.
That was what they used to call lockout protection money for guys who were signing
and wanted to have a couple bucks put away.
A couple questions, will the Players Association agree to defer payments
with the NHL last until there's going to be all kinds of discussions?
And even if the season's not resumed,
one should expect the payment of July 1st signing bonuses
to become a topic going forward.
I guess it's a topic right now.
But no matter what they decide, Biz,
they need to put some cake away for their Muggsy jeans.
If you're an athlete, you know how hard it is to find clothes that fit you well.
Well, the truth is men's clothes are not designed for guys with bigger asses
and legs, especially when it comes to jeans. Well, I have good news. The answer to your problems is finally
here. Mugsy Jeans. Mugsy Jeans is designed specifically for dudes like us. Mugsy was
started by a stoolie who was tired of having his balls choked out in his jeans. His goal was simple,
reinvent men's jeans to look good and feel outrageously comfortable. He spent five years
working with
industry experts and athletes like former NHL player and Hobie Baco in a Blake Jeff run to
perfect the fit and feel of his jeans. The magic is in Muggsy's proprietary denim, which is made
from a bunch of high-tech materials that make these jeans mind-blowingly soft and flexible.
When I say flexible, I mean these jeans are so stretchy, you can go for a run,
play street hockey, do whatever you want in these things, no problem. They're so comfy,
they make basic movements like sitting, bending, and kneeling feel like a dream. No exaggeration,
you'll want to sleep in these bad boys. Even better, Muggsy's coming a stylish fit that's
not too baggy, not too tight, so you somehow look even better than you feel. You want to look good
indoors for yourself or your partner? You want to look good indoors for yourself or your partner.
You want to look good for your boss on that important zoom call you got later.
Well,
then you need to choose Mugsy men's health called Mugsy,
the best jeans for athletes for good reason.
Take our word for it.
Give Mugsy jeans to try and you won't be able to wear any other jeans.
Again,
Mugsy is so confident.
You'll love their jeans.
They do free shipping and returns.
So your comfort is 100
guaranteed. So do your legs a favor. Head to Muggsy.com. That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out
Muggsy's full lineup of jeans and safe for work chinos, including new styles and sizes. Use the
code SPIT for 10 off. That's a bear on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made by heading
to Muggsy.com using the code SPIT. All right, boys, and speaking of the league, to the surprise
of absolutely nobody, the NHL extended the quarantine till April 30th. It's the third time
the date has been extended. Obviously, we're in a wait and see mode and the league is, quote,
looking at all options. Gary Bettman was on Fox Business Network Wednesday morning and said, quote,
my guess at this point is we're probably going to be playing into the summer,
which is something we can certainly do.
Obviously, that's an optimistic outlook.
We will see what happens there.
But anyways, boys, oh, geez, have we even announced our pair of guests today?
The esteemed Brian Yandel and Vancouver Canucks captain Bo Horvath.
We mentioned Horvath.
Yep, the rink shrink also back as well.
All right.
Well, I think, you know what?
Let's send it over to Brian right now, the rink shrink.
And now time for your favorite segment.
It's the second official.
It's the third actual, but the first time.
We didn't get the stories, but this is now the rink shrink with Dr. Ross Yandel.
We're back, and we'd like to
at least give you first form and saying how you been and what's going on are the emails still
coming in the emails are flowing boys and it's great to be here and see you guys in person it
matters a lot we had some technical difficulties the last time as you guys all know how my uh
my software and all that type of stuff works it's not your brain good my brain
uh everything doesn't work very good but uh it's great to be here sitting with the boys
um i'll ask you this personally is it hard to sit there and stare at a computer screen and read
these emails and and really absorb what they're saying is it difficult like are you putting in
some serious hours here i'm putting in the time and I'm so old school that I print every email.
I love it.
I have to print and highlight because I can't just look at the computer screen.
I think that's old school.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I love the first official one.
The response was also wonderful.
Whit, do you have anything else to say before we get into our first story?
No.
The only issue is that we could have really used this guy at the pond hockey tournament so we haven't played
toronto yet i don't know when we're dropping this episode but the new hampshire one was not good and
so with your hands it would have been a big help but you decided to back out on that so thanks for
nothing no no no no i wasn't invited the captain and the head coach did not even invite me.
I need a formal invitation.
I can't go down to Central Park on a Tuesday and try out for a team.
But all I need is a text.
Hey, B-Y, Dr. Ross, whatever you want to call me.
Rossy Beach.
Are you interested in playing in the Lake Winnipesaukee pond hockey tournament?
An hour from your house?
An hour from your house.
Yeah, I think I can make sure.
Everybody from Charlestown, where I already grew up,
drives up there on the weekends.
Summer, winter, no matter what.
I think I could have done it,
but I didn't get a formal invitation.
I got a tweet back from R.A.
when I saw the tryouts happening,
and he said something like, should have Venmo'd.
Was I supposed to pay off the coach?
That was a joke.
I didn't get it.
I don't know where the initial list of invitees came from.
I did some invites in the office for content purposes,
but I don't know who was responsible for the initial list.
That wasn't of Mike.
I knew he had to get something off his chest.
Yeah, well, usually, I mean, we're right here on trade deadline time.
Usually the GM head coach has something to do with that type of stuff.
You would think.
The Boston difference.
I'll say this.
I left everything into Mike Grinnell and R.A.'s hands.
The result should fall on their shoulders.
I had no say in this.
I even tried to warn them about their defensive game.
They thought they were going to go out there and score 15 fucking goals every game,
and they embarrassed themselves.
They ran out of steam.
I said this on Twitter.
That Rudy kid, he was a two-pump jump.
He was flying in the first five, six shifts of the first game,
and then he had no legs.
He's just flat, two-pump jump.
He needs the Roman swipes on his legs.
He needed Dr. Ross's hands.
So my apologies.
If I actually get more of the reins, I would have probably given you a call,
but I felt like I was being left out as well.
Now, moving on to the rink shrink, do you want to tee us up for a story?
Yeah, let's get her going, boys.
So I'm going to start things off this week with my own experience.
Back, I used to run a hockey program here in the Boston area,
and this is an interesting story.
So I had this guy.
He walks in my office.
I'm sitting there right before tryouts, and this is funny because in the Boston area,
we're actually leading into the end of season in the way things work around here at least,
and I'm not sure how it is the rest of the country.
But we actually have tryouts for next season coming up in the next couple weeks here.
So I'm sitting in my office trying to get things ready, trying to prepare for tryouts for next season coming up in the next couple weeks here. So I'm sitting in my office, you know, trying to get things ready,
trying to prepare for tryouts, making sure pennies are all set
and all that type of stuff and, you know,
rosters are all printed out and registration and stuff like that.
And this guy comes walking into my office, kind of an older looking dude,
and he's like, hey, how you doing?
And I give him the, hey, good, yourself.
And he's like, you know, I just want to let you know my
son my son's six he should be um you know but he can he can really play he can play and I know that
he can play for your your team that is is uh eight year olds I'm like oh really what makes you think
that well he's been to two tryouts already um you know, I've seen the way that those guys skate,
and I've seen most of your kids skate,
and I think that he can definitely make your team.
So I'm like, so you're telling me that your son's two years younger than these guys,
and he can make our team.
I'm like, I think we've got a pretty good group that's about to turn out here.
I said, you know, I know a bunch of the kids,
and at the end of the day, it's might hockey.
If you've got one or two studs you're probably gonna win the game you
know what i mean and uh so i'm like yeah we'll take a look at him then i give him kind of that
real dumb looking stare on my face that i'm i'm good at doing and making myself look stupid
and uh he just kind of walks out of the office so now tryouts happen i'm like all right i gotta
see what number this kid is so i'm evaluating upstairs looking i'm like all right there he is yeah he can skate he's a young
kid he's all right i look down in the corner and there's this psychopath he's got a jump rope out
right he's legitimately jumping hopping up and down right while the tryouts are going on in a
hockey rink and i'm like, what is going on here?
I'm like, this guy's out of his mind completely.
He's jumping, jumping, jumping.
I'm talking he jumped rope for a half hour straight.
Did not stop.
Did not stop jumping rope.
Is he watching his kid the whole time or is he facing everywhere?
He's standing in the corner of the rink watching his kid he facing everywhere he's standing in the corner of the rink watching well he's jumping in the corner yeah he's
definitely not he's definitely not standing he's jumping jumping rope watching these kids try out
and i'm like this guy is a complete lunatic and with your add you're now not watching any of this
practice you're you're counting the minutes this guy's jumping rope
this kid could have been sydney crosby and i would have still just been staring at the dad like
every jump i'm like he's got to miss at some point like this guy's a freak 21 minutes yeah like he's
what is going on here like these kids are in the middle of sick shape when he came in your office
no he was like old he was like probably like had a six-year-old but he was like an old father he was like forrest gump but the skipper yeah yeah i guess so so so was this kid
good enough to make the team or you know and first of all if you walk into the office before
and you tell the coach that my kid's good enough and all this type of stuff you ain't making the team buddy and i
want all you parents out there to take notes right if you're that much of a nut last thing with this
guy then he busts out a straight yoga pose where he pulls out like his leg is hanging up on the
dashboard with the glasses like he's got his leg up there like i can't even straighten my leg so
he's doing a split but he's standing on one leg.
Yes.
So he's like a gymnast almost.
Crazy, right?
It was nuts.
Nuts.
And it kind of showing his cornhole almost to the glass.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It was outrageous.
So this guy, it didn't work out.
You had to call him in after to tell
me his kid wasn't in fact good enough correct oh no i was like just see you later but if you don't
hear from me yeah i'll don't don't give you i'll call you you know what i mean hey i'm kind of
pissed you didn't have a post-practice conversation i i mean i would have think he would have been
sweating like a pig i would hope he would have jumped in the shower or something. You know what I mean? But then
so so needless to say, I don't know this guy's name, but he's the type of guy. And for all you
parents that are listening out there, do not walk into the office. Do not be the guy that's going to
say, hey, you know, my kids, this, my kids, that just just let your son or daughter go out there and and and put in the work and do it and if you're the guy that that everywhere to to to kind of lead into us and i
know this guy because i did follow up on him this the same person he was on four different teams in
four different years and it was always the coach's fault and no matter how good of the coaches
it was you know was the coach's fault my My son wants this. My son needs this.
Buddy, it's your fault.
It's not the coach's fault.
It's on you.
There's something wrong with you.
Right?
Yes.
Jesus Christ.
Four different teams.
I like thinking.
Four teams in four years.
That's like insane.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, I mean, dude, you see the common denominator here?
I will say, maybe we get a little T-shirt out there for the parents.
If you want a nope, jump rope.
There we go.
I like that.
If you want a nope, you ain't on the team, go jump rope during trials.
And then you got Dr. Ross just lying on the couch.
Holy shit, that was pretty good off the top of your head there, man.
With the afro that I had going.
How to talk parents down when they like over inflating their kids talent, when they think they're white, much better than you like.
Do you like to prick a pin in that or do you like is it tough to let them do it?
You mean or just let them go?
Yeah.
Again, like I think that's a it's hard because sometimes you want to talk realistically with the parents but they're so far over the edge
they just don't get it and that's when again
you kind of
you give them like the oh really
like that blank stare like
there's something wrong
with you like almost I've stopped listening
if you can be so direct out of this
you know what I mean there is a way not to be
a quote unquote asshole about it
and have to be the
one that lets that person down is what you could pull them in after practice and say listen your
kid's just too good for eight he's got to go to nine years old let me let me give you the nine
year old coach's number and this kid if not 10 maybe even 10 but i would start with nine and see
where it gets you 100 so 100 and just and just kind of
hand him off gently and into the next room yeah past the buck all right he pulls out he pulled
out an email i got another email that i printed out will you guys there's a lot of highlighter
on that one yeah i'm the highlight guy that just and and these are my this is probably what what
made me struggle so much in school is i just highlighted everything because it all seems important.
You know what I mean?
I remember thinking, how do you decide what gets highlighted?
How do you decide which ones?
You know what I mean?
All this stuff affects me.
So this is an email from Carly, and this is up in Calgary, Alberta.
And I call this one the coach chokeout.
And I'm going to go through a couple of points of my highlighter here.
But it was February 2012.
Two Bantam AAA female teams in Calgary battling for the last playoff spot in the division.
Tension is definitely running high.
Carly's team, she's the coach.
She's their smoke and the other one.
One of the girls on the opposing team took two penalties, coached that,
or I guess one more in the league is if you take three,
they kick you out for the game or whatever.
So one more and she's out playing terribly.
Complete liability out there, according to Carly.
In between the second and third period period they must have cut the ice so they get the uh they're downstairs in the um in the locker room coaches are standing outside
a lunatic parent comes flying down right attacks the opposing coach chokes them out right all these
other coaches and stuff like that have to go down and break it up big big disaster obviously like we
talked about before police gets involved everything parent takes off running um and just a complete
disaster in a woman's game and come to find out this poor girl obviously she was a very good
player she just had an off game right and the parent just lost its cool, was a Division I prospect,
very good player, and after that incident, that was it.
Never to be seen or heard from again.
Why would you want to deal with a parent like that?
It's like you find out that that's the perfect example of a parent
just ruining it for their kid.
So he actually choked her out.
Did she go down?
Oh, yeah, like full on. go down or? Oh, yeah. Like, hold on.
Like, just.
She go to jail for that.
Yeah.
Murder, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Just choking the guy.
So got really dark.
Two hands around the throat and whatever.
But it's just another irresponsible act by a parent.
That was a bit of a buzzkill.
Obstruction hold.
No, that shows.
This is what needs to be exposed.
Doctors aren't there to help out the people who don't need the help.
The doctor rinks rinks to help lunatics like this.
I mean, you're going to deal with some straight-up psychopaths.
I once choked out an official for not giving me a second assist
on a power play goal in minor hockey.
With your stick?
I was big for my age, though, so I was able to get to him.
Can't tell if he's kidding or not i i i i wasn't that crazy about points until i got to pro um anyway what's what's up here no um so i got a another email that came in um this is a yeah This is an interesting story from Jeremy.
What's the name of the story?
I call it the General Hospital.
Isn't that a soap opera?
Exactly, bitch.
Was Gomez in that one?
Yeah, I think he was.
Was he?
My grandmother used to watch it.
That's the only soap opera I could think of.
I used to watch Days of Our Lives. Young and Restless soap opera i could think of i used to watch laura days of our lives young and restless was that one yeah i didn't watch that well my
grandmother liked general hospital so we'll go with that days uh so this is the the general
hospital soap opera scandal um coach jeremy would send weekly emails uh which is pretty common as a
coach obviously i do it one you know once in You send, hey, we got practice on Tuesday, Thursday, game Saturday, game Sunday, etc.
The usual type of stuff.
Upcoming tournaments, logistics, all that type of stuff.
And after one of the emails, one of the moms replies all to an email i'm getting a little blood flow every
parent everybody saw this email that was extremely extremely inappropriate to the coach so the father
obviously gets the email right mom and dad are both on emails he assembles his group of boys and they
go after the coach they lose their minds and all he did was get an email from the wife like he
didn't do anything well i mean come on something's going on here right so we don't have the actual
email we don't we don't have exactly what we don't have they're going after the guy it must
have said something like can't wait for round two or something that is already...
Oh, it said something.
It said something vicious.
Obviously, I don't think he wanted to explain...
What was said.
What exactly what was said.
But he, you know, this father ends up,
of the wife ends up, you know,
assembling his crew and they end up...
His goon squad. His goon squad and they end up his goon squad his goon squad
and they end up laying a beat down on on the coach right um and to cap it off the families did like
a wife swap no coach was married coach was married with a kid on the team. Obviously.
Oh, my God.
The other couple was married, and they did the old swap-a-rooski.
Imagine the other kids in the room.
Like, wait, you're his mom now?
I can't even imagine that. That is wild.
How old were these kids?
I don't even care if you made that story up.
The fact that you up the fact that
you could even do that i wish i could you could be an nhl gm with like the conditions thing where
we can't seem to figure out because that's a that's a mind skull does it say how old those
kids were uh peewees oh my god so you're you're basically you're in a 11 12 year old kid and now
your teammates your brother and your mother's Get them. Your mother's naive.
Oh, wait.
You might and your brother's your stepbrother.
There's a little bit more here at the bottom.
They actually chipped in and all bought a sprinter van together
so they can travel to these games in the same vehicle.
Oh, that's quite nice.
That'll make the trip really entertaining.
Oh, my God.
That is an insane story.
So let's hope none of those parents are listening to our podcast
because I think we just lost a few fans.
Yeah, and I definitely don't want those Jablonski brothers
showing up to murder us.
No, no, no.
Not really Jablonski.
You know what I'm talking about.
A group of complete animals.
You might be able to expand a new franchise for a ring shrink
for those kids
Who are going to be needed in a few years
That's a tough situation
Yeah, I mean that's one that might be beyond my University of Phoenix
University of New Hampshire education level
I don't think that'll
That's above my pay grade
Your degree on the wall is just like a Coyote's logo
Keith laid there
My billboard when you drive down the highway
I amenix and you
got you got me sitting there in the chair yeah the old wife swap uh what else is that the last
one the old wife swap aruski um no we got a couple more here so i titled this last one this was a
tweet i got which is you know me it's it's pretty high tech to be getting tweets and stuff nowadays. Rossy Beach. But, yeah, at Beach Rossy.
So I call this one Bo Knows Clarinets.
I have no clue.
I mean, I'm picking Bo Jackson.
I'm thinking.
I actually think that's going to be the funniest part of the whole thing.
I think it's a reed instrument.
Is that what they're called?
This will be the...
Hey, that will be the hardest we laugh.
That will be the hardest we laugh throughout this entire story, I promise.
Let's hear.
No offense for doubting you.
So this is from Patty, and she sent the email.
So she was in elementary school in a band playing the clarinet.
She played the wrong note while she was in elementary school.
So that's like fifth grade, right?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Kindergarten to fifth.
Yeah, kindergarten to fifth.
Real young kids.
The teacher took it from her arms as she's playing it in the middle of the practice
and smashes it over her knee.
Starts waving it around. Bre of the practice and smashes it over her knee, starts waving it around, breaks the thing in half,
completely loses it because she played the wrong note in the clarinet, right?
It's like ditching a path.
Yeah, it's like falling down.
You know what I mean?
And it just goes to show you that this stuff happens everywhere
like who would have thought clarinet world needs a rink shrink the clarinet shrink like it's
incredible i was i was fucking wrong that was not the funniest part of the story like so dude i've
gone right i have i i have three kids, right?
Seventh grade, fourth grade, second grade.
I've gone to these elementary band things.
They are so bad at playing the instruments.
Nobody can.
These Christmas shows and stuff.
It's like...
Me and other dads have group texts at church.
We're like, oh my, like this is so bad.
Like like Mod Simpson in our world, like times a thousand.
It's horrific.
And it's so bad.
Shout out, B-Mac.
You know what I'm talking about?
If there's any world that should be like free of crazy parents and coaches, it's the clarinet world.
And still you see some people in need of the
doctor what's the the movie that came out with the drummer kid and the whiplash oh great movie
whiplash yeah great but that but he's in college it's a little different 100 but that was still a
little bit psycho but it was also yeah how far how far do you push someone to make them be what
they're supposed to be and you know who's pussy out. I was just thinking like Mr. Holland's opus,
like that dude, Richard Dreyfuss.
He's just sitting there and some girl plays the wrong note
and just smashes the thing like Bo Jackson striking out
or getting called out on strikes.
Bo knows Clarence.
Oh, it's unbelievable.
It's a perfect name for that.
And Patty, poor Patty.
I guess her father was a real talented musician,
and she probably could have been something with her life.
But that was it.
That was a wrap.
It could be worse.
They could have had a wife swap.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Actually, we have one more thing,
because this week was the biggest story around the league
was David Ayers coming in as the emergency backup role
and playing against the Maple Leafs, his hometown team.
And Grinelli had tweeted out the story in the interview after.
And our boy Foley, the failed prankster he is, put a funny tweet up of his memory
of when he got into a game as a UNH Wildcat.
And why don't you kind of explain how that all went down?
Brian to Foley.
So the Foulberg, so we're up at, we had an incident our senior year
where a couple guys got suspended for going out or whatever it is.
So we have a big game that Friday night.
We're up at Maine.
So huge rivalry, and obviously I know, Biz,
you don't know college hockey that well,
but Maine UNH was especially, you know, from our years up at.
Both teams are really good.
Both teams are really good.
Absolute mayhem when you walk in the rink.
Just a just a great, great college hockey environment.
Old school type atmosphere.
And in Foles, as we all know, went to I'm sure not everybody knows, but he went to UNH on a football scholarship.
So he had that kind of rah rah like, you know, The football mentality going into a hockey game is a lot different.
Like I'm sitting there thinking about kind of, all right,
I'm going to envision kind of slowing the game down,
making plays and stuff like that.
And you've got Foles is.
He's trying to shake everyone's heads.
Yeah, so he's got the football.
I mean, you hear the interviews and stuff like that,
a guy's just going out and like smashing their head against a wall
to get that big first hit in and stuff like that, a guy's just going out and smashing their head against a wall to get that big first hit in and stuff like that.
So we're probably like an hour and a half before warm-ups,
and I look over, Fole Burglar's sitting next to me,
and he's fully dressed, everything, I'm still in my underwear,
and Fole's got his full gear on, helmet on, he's got his Louisville TPS stick,
the only one on the team with still a two-piece.
Wooden blade with the worst curve in history.
And he's got his stick.
He's got two hands on the stick.
He's just whacking his Louisville TPS right off his forehead just going,
all right, let's go.
I'm going to do this.
And I'm like, Foles, Foles.
I'm like, dude, you've got to handle the puck out there, man.
I need you to play.
You're going to play some minutes here. He's like, yeah, yeah, yeah. I just got to get out. I got to hit somebody. I'm like, dude, you've got to handle the puck out there, man. Like, I need you to play. Like, you're going to play some minutes here.
He's like, yeah, yeah, yeah. I just got to get out.
I got to hit somebody.
I got to do this.
I'm like, all right, dude.
But you've got to take it easy a little bit.
Like, the game.
Puck drops in 90 minutes.
Yeah, the puck drops in 90 minutes.
Like, you're going to wear yourself out.
You know what I mean?
There's only so much, like, rip fuel you can take before the game.
This is before, like, Red Bull.
You know what I mean?
And so we go out.
Foles is all right.
I think, you know, like you said in the tweet,
I think he was dash four in the first four shifts.
But he was out and he ends up, I forget who it was.
I think it was Bells.
Rob Bellamy, who we've talked about before on here.
Great singer.
Great singer.
Sister Casey is on the U.S. Olympic team team uh bells comes in the zone and falls just he gets him in his sight lines and it's like
it's a middle linebacker type hit you know what i mean and he's got the stick high like he's going
right for the pitch fork as hard as you could possibly ever think about hitting somebody
and he runs them he they collide and it was like two rams colliding like
it's it was like like i'm like oh no like there's like a thud rather than yeah and they both because
they're both just thick thick kids you know what i mean they're like oh man like if that if somebody
hit me like that i would have broke like that would have been done completely folded you
folded me so falls they get up they kind of you know, the usual college tussle where they're throwing punches at each other's helmets and things like that.
They send him out to the penalty box.
Foles is going completely mental, out of his mind, yelling at people.
The fans are screaming at him.
He's screaming at them.
He gets in the penalty box.
I think a fan throws at something.
He's got his helmet off, spits in the crowd spits at the
fan does the old school like so now of course they throw him out they send him off the ring he's doing
like the old slap shot wave like the hansen brothers you know skating around you know
dropping f u f u blah blah blah you know just completely out of his mind. And that is one game played.
I think he got in like two other ones.
Like, you know, whatever we played, like the some D3 school or something.
I think Bunto caught it.
It happened to be on Nesson.
It was on Nesson.
He's like, oh, my God, look at this caged animal getting kicked out of the game, doing the fake wave of a college hockey game.
College hockey game. A college hockey game. I think if you look, like my oldest is big on the Hockey DB.
He's like, yeah, Foles played like one game your senior year and had like 25 penalty minutes in.
I'm like, it's a pretty good stat for college hockey.
You know what I mean?
All right, bud.
Thank you very much for coming on once again.
We appreciate it.
And we'll be back to you next time with the next segment.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Thanks, officer.
As always, a huge thanks
to our buddy, the Ring Shrink, Brian
Yandel. I mean, you've known this kid forever.
Yeah, he's the best.
Love having him on. Now,
that interview,
that was close to a month
and a half, two months ago, I would say.
That was before the pond hockey, right? Same day as Cam Neely. That was a month and a half, two months ago, I would say. That was before the pond hockey, right?
Same day as Cam Neely.
That was a month and a half ago.
So we got to get him back on again because the three boys,
Brian Collin and Liam, they're at home.
So he's home.
He's probably going nuts in there.
So we got to see how Ross is handling it, and he'll be back on for sure.
I'd be down for B-Y and K-Y, both of them.
Get Jelly and him on together.
We could just let them go at it back and forth,
arguing about who paid for who's AC or whatnot.
I can imagine the fucking parental pandemic bullshit
he's got to go through now, too, even like though they're not playing.
I'm sure you've got parents fucking bugging him about stuff, too.
So, yeah, we're definitely going to bring him back.
Hey, do you guys  I see that picture.
It was a fan took.
It wasn't like from a newspaper.
It was Donnell Nurse.
Remember that Calgary Edmonton brawl earlier this year?
It's great.
Donnell Nurse is looking at Flames goalie Cam Talbot,
and he's pointing down to his goalie as if to say he wants a piece of you.
Basically, like get down there and fucking fight him.
Like, I would love to know.
Don't get beat up, somebody said.
Right?
Yeah, really.
Don't get beat up.
Hey, but was it the next game that he ended up fighting
or was it that game that he fought?
Because Talbot ended up fighting.
I think he fought Smitty and Smitty ended up pumping him.
I think it was that game.
I think it was the Brawl.
But they played two games back-to-back, so I don't know if it was exactly that game.
There isn't video of that, right?
It's just that picture?
All right.
I don't know of any video.
I think just the fan got a well-timed photo, so I should have taken it.
Go ahead.
Looking back on the season, if it won't continue,
that was one of the most fun aspects of all the NHL this year,
the Battle of Alberta, the chance that aspects of the, all the NHL this year, the
battle of Alberta, the chance that they would have potentially played against each other
in the first round.
Like it was, that would have been electric.
Imagine a seven game series with that much hatred.
You're going to separate the men from the boys.
It's it's, it would be an electric factory.
Yeah.
Battle of Alberta.
Definitely.
It came back with authority this season and hopefully we'll see it again this year.
We do have an update on the picture of Ryan Whitney we talked about last
episode, which was a picture from the Ottawa-Pittsburgh round.
Why'd you say it like I'm not here?
Like, of you, not Ryan Whitney.
Because I probably had it written down.
That's hard driving the bus.
All right.
I should try driving the bus one day.
What is the update on this picture?
I'm very interested.
You were, in fact, a minus one on that play.
Well, you know what?
I'm going to say a quick thing about that goal,
and if you check the clip,
I tweeted out the four seconds you should watch.
I tight-turned the shit out of somebody
at my own defensive blue line.
I then dangled someone to the forehand
in the neutral zone and then snapped one, tape to tape to George.
That was a nice pass.
Now, the issue was that my positioning after that,
Orpik was already playing lefty,
and I started just cruising over the blue line,
kind of over where he was.
Well, George didn't make a great play,
and he kind of threw a no-look drop pass a little bit,
and it got picked off,
and I was not in the position the defenseman should be in, right,
after making a breakout pass.
You got to then follow the play up, but through the middle of the ice.
You can't get caught to the outside.
Well, Chris Neal gets the puck.
He's like Maurice Richard, the rocket.
Chris Neal also, I think, knocked out six guys in one series
when we played Wilkes-Barre versus Binghamton in the locker room.
Chris Neal gave  I think he knocked out two guys' shoulders.
Both needed labrums done.
He gave two concussions.
He was hitting like a truck.
In that bingo rink.
Anyone who played in that series will remember he was legitimately
murdering guys.
Who won the series?
Nobody's probably going near the puck when he was out there.
We lost the first two.
They broke all these records.
Spezza had over 100 points.
Vermette, Chris Neal, Ray Emery, they were loaded.
McGratton, they had over 100 points.
They dominated.
We went down 0-2 to them.
Won four straight.
Took them down.
Hell of a series win.
Terrian was a genius, and we had a good team.
We just wore them down.
Spezza was so  I i was like this guy is
this is a different different level he was ridiculous how many games did you win in bingo
we just won we we won uh two at home one there we won one game there you must have hated playing in
that arena wait no what did we win we won three
and four at home we won five in bingo and we won six at home yeah so one game one game you must
have hated playing there because you're you're a little on the softer side and yeah but i kind of
played great that playoffs not gonna lie i was playing like 25 minutes a game getting points
playing pk it was a hell it was at the peak of my career maybe the next year.
So
That's what I was looking for, baby.
I just wanted to hear it out of your mouth.
That rink with Chris Neal running around.
Yeah, poopy diaper maybe.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Sometimes I'm throwing the stick in to get it DDD instead of, you know,
getting the body in and make sure it gets DDD.
Ole.
Ole.
Hey, you surf first.
What were we talking about before I went into that?
I apologize.
We were talking about the spezzer.
We were talking about your minus.
My minus.
These are different answers.
My minus.
So Chris Neal, exactly.
Then he's still killing me in the NHL.
And now on the back check, you'll see I'm trying to catch up.
I can't do anything.
I peel into the corner.
Minus one.
Yeah, sorry.
So it was my fault and also the forward's fault for turning it over.
It was also, too, Sidney Crosby's first playoff game that night as well.
A little extra trivia flyer.
And, folks, we went into the next game.
I scored game two.
We lost that.
I think we lost that one as well.
The reason I asked you about the bingo stuff though is that's for my own enjoyment i like hearing these stories about what it was like
right before i got there and that was when terrian was in his come up and and so you probably thought
that he'd earned uh getting called up to the nhl terrian like you thought he was an nhl coach
yeah this guy was just he was so ruthless and demanding but he was good coachL coach. Yeah, this guy was just so ruthless and demanding, but he was
a good coach. He won with him, and he
got the most out of guys.
I knew when he got to Pittsburgh, I said,
I just remember saying all the guys
who'd had him, Scuderi,
Orpik. No, Scuderi got brought up
by him. Scuderi had been put on waivers
that year, and he could have got picked up
by anyone, and Terry got the job, and Scud's came up.
But the other guys who'd all played for him, and we said oh my god guys have no idea what's coming you know and it was exactly what happened he came in and just righted the ship
and said enough with the bullshit i told you first meeting he ever had with bugsy first of all he sat
him first three games without ever talking to him and then said, I ain't here to coach rock stars.
If Buggs is like, oh, boy.
Trade me right fucking now.
So that guy could get  he's a good coach, man.
I wish  Hazy loves him as an assistant coach.
I would love to see him in that role.
It's so different, right?
Well, yeah, he's probably got a lot less testosterone.
Exactly. He can't be fucking he he was a
he was wound up like a like a tight man he was wound up hey uh i loved it every time you tell
that bugsy story i think i've heard it four times it's like i tell i've told it first time 517 times
it was the 516th time was at the pond hockey tournament. And the 517th was the,
was just right now.
Hey boys in between interviews is a good time to grab a great snack.
So reach out for the old McCain potatoes,
dip and wedges.
They're a new and unique fry solution that is cut in a V shape and allows
users to load them up with toppings and or dipstick,
create a variety of unique appetizers.
They're a one of a kind.
They're the only V-cut shape in the marketplace.
They got a nice crispy texture on the outside
and a soft texture on the inside.
They're super easy to prepare.
You can deep fry them or bake them in the oven
for a healthier alternative.
If you deep fry, they're ready in two to four minutes.
In the oven, they're ready in 24 to 26 minutes.
You can get them at Walmart, Target,
Safeway, ShopRite, Food Lion,
and many more retailers.
Just check out the where to buy section of their website,
and you will find them in the freezer aisle.
So don't be shy about grabbing a couple of them because you go through them
pretty quick.
McCain Dipping Wedges pair well with guacamole, salsa, melted cheese,
pico de gallo, or any of your other favorite dips.
And there are no artificial colors or flavors,
and it's made with real potatoes.
So go out and get some McCain potatoes, dip, and wedges today.
All right, boys, we do get some potatoes.
We got some good news.
Dale Howichuk's son, Eric, tweeted out that Dale finished his final round
of chemo protocol.
He got to ring what they call the bell of hope on his way out of the hospital.
And his son said, we hope this is the end of a long journey,
but he's ready for anything.
Thanks to everyone who has reached out means the world to us thinking of you
all. So that's good to hear.
Quick reminder, uh, biz, um, Dale Howard, Chuck had 1,409 points.
Pretty, pretty incredible that people I don't think always remember.
I like to bring it up quite often. Uh, what do you think?
How many games do you think he played to get 1,409 points off the top of your head?
I think it was like 780 or something, wasn't it?
No, no, you went crazy.
It was 1188.
So he was way over a point per game, but not like two points per game.
Could we cut that out?
Because that was such a ridiculous answer.
No, I think it was such a good,
and I think it's such an honest moment of Paul Bissonnette
that I think it's perfect that people see that you were just overestimating,
which is what you do about humans, and it's what makes you you.
I thought he was that special, but he still is fucking special.
Exactly, exactly.
Absolutely.
He's going to kick Kansas' ass.
He's got his jersey retired here with the Coyotes.
Well, he's like in the ring of honor here.
Hey, boys.
We have two interviews today.
What do you say we send it over to Vancouver Connects Captain Bo Horvath
right about now?
Okay, and before we go there, I need to apologize.
I've been calling him Bo Horvath since the first time I ever heard his name.
I don't know why I added the H.
I don't know what made me do it, so I apologize.
I was told by many people, we're going to now go to Bo Horvat.
What a player and what a way I just announced that for the first time.
Well, this next guest is currently in his sixth NHL season
with the Vancouver Canucks after they selected him ninth overall
in the 2013 draft.
He already has 446 games under his belt.
He played in the 2017 All-Star Game.
And in October, he was named the 14th captain in franchise history.
It's a pleasure to welcome to the Spittin' Chickens podcast, Bo Horvat.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Absolutely, man.
So where are you hunkered down these days?
I'm back in Ontario, actually.
We flew back pretty much as soon as we heard the news that we could travel again.
Yeah, we wanted to get back home.
My wife's pregnant and wants to have the baby here in Ontario.
We're going to show her how long this thing's going to last.
So, yeah, we decided to come back.
What part is it?
Are you in London?
Yeah, back in London.
Okay.
Yeah.
I skate with Pairs and Dowdy and Couture and all those guys.
Oh, wow, that's a pretty good summer skate.
Quite the crew you have.
Yeah, Konechny and Jenner, Boone Jenner is a part of it.
So, yeah, it's a good crew, actually.
I want to go back to the start of the season.
You end up getting named captain.
The Sedins ended up coming in the locker room and presenting it.
The video went viral.
Just talk about that whole experience and then it was
really cool because you guys had those the opening ceremony for the what the 40th season yeah yeah
so all that wrapped into one 50th excuse me oh my god i'm gonna get slaughtered by canucks fans for
that uh but just all that wrapped into one must have been such a cool experience to kick off the
season yeah it was pretty wild i mean they uh they were
such a huge part of my uh first four years um hank and danny were so i mean to have them present that
to me um at the beginning of the year and um to be part of the 50th season and have that whole
ceremony for me it was pretty special i got my family and friends there that made it uh that
much more special for me so it was pretty cool So we did a pond hockey tournament this year.
We actually did two of them, one in New Hampshire
and one in Cravenhurst, Ontario, which I believe,
is that near where you grew up, Rodney?
Yeah, it's like, that's actually where my wife's from.
Believe it or not, my wife's mom was the mayor
of Cravenhurst, believe it or not.
Do you guys meet at the Boston Pizza?
Oh, yeah.
You should see this guy.
Is it really?
The town crier.
Yeah, exactly. You actually see this guy. Is it really? The town prior. Yeah,
exactly.
You actually met at the Boston pizza.
Oh,
we didn't meet there.
No.
Oh,
I was going to say,
I've been there a couple of times.
That's where we were like having the party.
That's like the only bumping place in town.
I was going to say,
especially in the,
especially in the wintertime.
That's about it out there.
So I'm about,
no,
I'm about three and a half,
four hours from there. Oh, North. Yeah. about  no, I'm about three and a half, four hours from there.
Oh, north?
Yeah.
No, south.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm like in between London and Windsor.
All right.
Yeah, a thousand people, like nobody.
Let's talk about some of your teammates.
Pedersen, is that how you say his last name?
Sure.
We change it around here every episode.
We actually do change it every time, I think.
Yeah, we question ourselves quite a bit here.
He is just a stud, man.
Like, what's it like seeing this guy go every night?
It's pretty insane, actually. I mean, just not only what he does offensively,
but how he is defensively, too.
I mean, he's a 200-foot player. People don't give him enough credit of how good he is offensively, but how he is defensively too. I mean, he's a 200-foot player.
People don't give him enough credit of how good he is defensively.
Going against the top guys and the top deep pairings every single night.
I mean, just the skill takes over for itself.
He just makes stupid plays out there.
You shake your head on the bench sometimes.
It's pretty sweet to watch him play every single night.
What year is this for you?
Fifth?
Sixth?
Six already.
So you played against Datuk then, right?
Yeah.
First two years or first year I did.
Don't you kind of see that?
I know you saw him at the end.
But for some reason, he reminds me of him in the way that he makes people look so foolish.
And it looks so easy for him.
He's like slippery.
He is.
Yeah. Like he's broken
so many ankles i can't even count honestly like even on the power play when he's on the half wall
and he does his little shimmy shake and it's just like the demon and like that that forward coming
down on him every time they bite and it's just it's insane to watch not because i'm the middle
guy so i just sit there and watch him i get the best view in the house. You're just looking for a shot pass.
Seriously, a shot pass and, yeah, looking for a one-timer from the slot.
So my job's easy.
Are we just scratching the surface with this kid?
I mean, he's only 21 years old.
He looks like a longtime veteran out there at times.
Do you think he's a future hot candidate maybe someday?
I think so, 100.
I mean, I think he's still like 175, this is like, he's still like 175 pounds. Like he's still going to put on weight.
He's still going to put on muscle. Um,
and I think he's just going to make them that much better. And he's just,
he's continuing to keep getting better every single year. So it's, it's, uh,
it's fun to watch for sure.
All right. Sorry for hopping in there,
but I was kind of going down that same direction because there was that clip
that came out and I believe it was Scott Oak
who'd broken it down on Hockey Night in Canada.
And it was one game.
I want to say it was against the Flames where he was getting absolutely abused.
And there was no calls.
Like, how is this body language around the locker room after games like that?
Because that's frustrating considering how the rules are now, and sometimes guys are getting away
with more than they should be.
Yeah, I mean, any star player on every team is going to take the abuse.
Every star player is going to get it, but, I mean, it doesn't seem to bother him.
If anything, it just makes him better.
I don't know if you saw the goal he scored against Columbus
where he got a penalty and the ref pissed him off.
And all of a sudden he goes down and scores a beautiful highlight reel goal.
Like it's just one of those things.
I think he gets more pissed off more than anything.
It gets him better.
It's almost like, hey, let him sleep if he's sleepwalking.
Seriously, honestly.
Get him fired.
That was Jager too.
They used to boo him in Pittsburgh when he's on the Rangers
lightening up that year after the lockout.
And I used to just be thinking, God, I wish they would just be quiet.
You're only getting this guy going.
100.
Yeah, that's exactly what it's like because as soon as he gets one thing
on his mind, he's playing pissed off.
Look out.
Let's talk about the stallion, Besser.
What's he like around?
How about the hair on that guy?
He's so quiet when it comes
to the media but he is salt of the earth guy he had that awesome video that came out when he when
he took a special needs girl to prom like he's just a good dude yeah he is yeah and he's just
he's so warm-hearted and um really family-oriented type kids um kind of like he's just so soft-spoken
and so harmless i don't know like each if you try
to chirp him but then you feel bad afterwards because he's just like he's such a nice kid right
so um he likes to have fun but um and joke around the room but for the most part yeah he's just
like a nice person all around paul i'm gonna go back to your rookie year you were just 19 years
old now that locker room everybody in there was basically 25 or older.
You were like the only real kid in there.
How hard was that adjusting, or was it real intimidating for you?
It was pretty intimidating.
I mean, yeah, I was 19, and I think the next closest guy to me was Lyndon Vey,
and he was like 25.
I think you're right.
He was 25 years old, and it was definitely weird.
I think I was the only guy, or me and Tan,
were the only guys living by ourselves that year.
It was different because everybody was going home to their families and kids.
I was going back to my apartment by myself.
It was different, but it was definitely,
I think it matured me as a player early because I couldn't be a teenager anymore.
I had to become a man.
Who has helped teach you to become a pro in those early couple years?
I sat beside Derek Dorsett on the plane, and he was awesome.
He's one of those guys that will go through a brick wall for you.
Oh, man.
He's one of the best.
I don't know if anybody any of you guys
played with him but um a pain in the ass to play against but a guy you want on your team every
single day long i saw that this guy evolved in the minors wit were you in wilkes-barre when this
guy was in uh syracuse uh no i so i missed him in syracuse, but I got him in Columbus a couple times.
I remember he ran me over once.
He was actually  he had a motor.
You just pulled him, and he would just go all shift,
go back to the bench, next shift, same exact thing.
Every single shift.
And, like, he'd fight anybody.
Like, he fought John Scott.
I mean, he fought, like, guys twice his size.
Didn't care.
No, didn't give a shit.
Like, one time, Ronaldo, like, he buried me in front of the bench,
our bench, and Doris was like, Paul, get the fuck off the ice.
Like, get off.
And then all of a sudden, I get off, goes right over to him,
and just starts going on.
So, I mean, he was just a guy that, you know, you respected so much
because he would stick up for anybody.
So, you know, you were with him when he had to go through
the tough end of his career, right?
I mean, and it's so hard for anyone.
But do you remember moments when you just kind of tried to be there for him
or kind of what he was going through when you talked to him?
Yeah, it was so sad because he was having a career year.
I know.
Nine goals in, like, I don't know, 20 games or 15 games.
Like, he was just on fire. And, I mean, know, 20 games or 15 games. Like he was just on fire.
And I mean, it was just, it was so sad to see.
He's like, at the end of the day,
it was about his health and his family.
Like he wanted to hold his kids, right?
So, you know, you kind of supported him through that
and you respected his decision.
But I mean, it's, I think it's been tough
not being around the boy.
I think he just misses the guys more than anything.
How did it all come about?
I don't even remember.
Like, was it, was it something that was bothering him and he went to see a
specialist yeah it was like his neck i don't know he had like he got surgery i'd like a he's got
like a surgical cut right here and it's just i don't know they had to go through and like
repair his neck or something like that or like, like, something to do with his spine. It was, like, completely complicated surgery.
Cervical disc in his neck.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, that's what it was.
Jeez.
Yeah, no, it definitely wasn't easy for him.
Yikes.
Hey, I want to ask you, you've been wearing number 53.
You wore it in London, and then you've been wearing it in Vancouver.
That's not a typical number guys wear.
What's the significance of it?
A guy, so when I got drafted to the London Knights,
a goaltender, Ian Jenkins,
like we were supposed to, he got drafted with me
and he got drafted second.
He was a goaltender.
He was supposed to come to camp.
It was like two weeks before camp
and he ended up passing away,
like a tragic accident.
He fell off the back of a pickup truck,
cracked his head,
and just never recovered from it.
And he was 35.
He was going to play, and he was going to wear it.
And I just decided to switch my number around to 53 in honor of him kind of.
And, yeah, I just kind of went with it and never changed it since.
Nice.
Nice gesture.
London, what a program they got there.
They developed so many NHL guys.
I'm going to be very  why are you giggling?
Why are you giggling?
No, me and the Hunters have a great relationship now.
I'm not joking around about the jokes anymore.
Go Knights go.
They're sending me some merch down.
I'm going to be on the booster club committee.
But, no, they run a tight ship, they produce a lot of uh nhl talent like what was it like playing for the london
knights i i couldn't imagine playing anywhere else honestly god um two i mean mark and dale were
they turned me into the player i am today you know 200 foot um you know putting out any key
situation like they just they grew me to who I am now.
I mean, I'm just playing in front of 10,000 fans every single night.
It's the closest thing you're going to get to the NHL in junior.
And no, they treated you like pros.
They treated you like men.
If you weren't playing well, then they're going to let you know.
Like there's one time that McDavid actually made us all look stupid the one night
and Dale just ripped us all in video and told us that we're never,
ever going to play in the NHL.
None of us.
We had Holy Madam, Max Domi, myself, Tierney Anderson, all of us.
Wagon.
Yeah, yeah.
And, you know, just telling us, like, if you guys play like this again,
you guys will never play in the NHL.
So, like, just he holds guys accountable.
And the same way thing with Mark,
like the amount of conversations
I've had with Mark
over the,
in meetings
over the,
over the years
when I was there,
it was,
um,
you know,
again,
like they were just
world-class guys.
So,
I mean,
I can't thank them enough
for what they've done for me.
You've been,
so you were named
captain of a world junior team,
right?
Uh,
no,
I was the captain
of a U-17 team.
Oh, so I thought you'd been a captain of every level.
You're actually not that cool.
I guess you're not as legit as I thought.
I'll go into something different then.
How about Markstrom?
What a great guy, huh?
Yeah, Mark is unbelievable.
And what a year he had this year too do you know the story
uh about when he slept in on the bus and in um where were we where'd i play biz san antonio
san antonio no tell me more though we um this is the i'd love to hear his version of it i think
we've told it three times but it's on yeah whatever whatever i'll go quick no so we had a
bus ride from san antonio to austin
after the game i don't know say it's seven eight hours i don't even remember oh no it was i'm sorry
it was to oklahoma city that's what it was and we slept in and you know you sleep in the sleeper bus
you you're driving all night you get in at like six in the morning everyone's half asleep gets
off the bus goes into the hotel go check in. You get another three hours and there's pregame meal, whatever. It's just the
jungle life.
You have sleepers and everyone
has things you
could pull back, like curtains. Everyone
just got off the bus and the bus drove away
and parked in the yard and
whatever. The dude went home. Went home
to watch some football. Little did
you know that Marky's still on the bus. He
wakes up. He's in the middle of a bus yard. He had to take his the game starts in like an hour and a half at this point
two hours he that dude sleeps like a monster it's insane he just throws his uh blanket over
the barbed wire and then climb over and get an uber and no way i'm gonna have to bring that up
to him next time i say you're right this guy this guy
sleeps everywhere oh and like no matter what like on on the plane he'll sleep we had we had that
china trip he slept for 11 hours straight didn't wake up once i know not even a big fella needs to
sleep didn't take a sleep or nothing just slept no i know bam bam neither holy shit he's got a hundred hundred milligram gummy in him though
little tranquilizer dart
yeah yeah yeah but with something about the sardines that people would be surprised to
to know or find out i know they're pretty low-key guys but oh uh i don't know
no not that I know of.
The only thing I could say would be that they love their horses.
I don't know if you guys know that.
Like they have like 15 horses.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Oh, yeah.
Like racing horses?
Yeah.
Yeah, like pacers.
Going to the derby?
Yeah, I don't know.
They actually, the team got them a trip there to the Derby for this year
until this whole shebang went down.
But, yeah, no, they love the horse.
I think, I don't know how many horses they have,
but they have a bunch of horse horses.
I don't think I've ever heard that.
No?
Yeah, no, they, like, Hank's got a, basically built a shack there
in Vancouver.
He's got a stable there.
He's got horses.
His wife loves horses.
So I'd say that'd be the one thing that maybe...
We're going to reach out to his PR people
and tell them it's a horse podcast
and see if we can lure them in.
It'll be like the
Carole Baskin thing where
they interview her for 20
days and they use two days of it when they ask
about Joe Exotic.
Oh yeah, I'm sure they'd be down for that.
You think you could lure in the Sedins?
Oh, I don't know.
And then we'll release both episodes
and fans have to guess which one was which.
Exactly.
Yeah.
100.
They'd be down.
Who's got the crazier personality of the two?
Like, who would be more down for something spontaneous?
Because they don't seem like the type that, like,
just do something out of whim.
Yeah.
I mean, shit. You have to ask Marky, actually.
Marky gets like  they talk all the time.
The Swedish match there.
But, yeah, it's insane, Edler.
But I can't pinpoint one.
They're literally the exact same people.
There's like  honestly, you couldn't pick out too many differences.
Maybe Danny, I'd say, a little bit more.
Yeah.
That would be my answer.
I was going to ask you about Travis Green as head coach.
He came up from Utica.
I played against him in the Calder Cup final.
We spanked them.
Thank you very much.
That's actually the only reason I brought it up.
Okay. No no but he
it seems like he's earned the trust of the players at the nhl level of course there was always a you
know a question of whether he could do that yeah no he's been great i mean he gives me all the
opportunity and he gets a lightning he just gets the best of his players because he keeps guys
accountable right so um i would i would consider him a player's coach and and he uh yeah he just gets the best of his players because he keeps guys accountable. Right. So I would, I would consider him a player's coach and,
and he yeah,
he just,
he loves the game.
Like he loves winning.
He loves he loves when guys succeed and our team succeeds.
So any coaches to win every single night.
And that's all you can ask as a,
as a player playing for him.
Boy,
I want to ask you about the Vancouver uniforms.
I know they recently dusted off the old black,
orange, and gold ones, the ones
everyone hated back then but they all love now.
They obviously used the original, the
rink logo. Which one do you prefer the most,
logo or jersey?
I don't know. I don't mind our new ones that we have this year,
our thirds, with the
stick
in the middle.
Is that the original one?
That's the original.
Yeah, the white, white, blue, and green.
Yeah.
And then I say the black ones with the skate, the spaghetti plate.
I love them.
I think they're sick.
The beret ones.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't know.
The Linden beret era, that jersey is just, I don't know.
I always think black looks great, though.
Were you a Leafs fan growing up?
Absolutely not.
No.
Oh.
No.
I see about that.
I was going to save the Dorsett for this question.
Do you see a lot of resemblance in Roussel
and how they play constantly on that edge of agitating?
Yeah, 100.
Yeah, a rooster is just, you know. That'sitating yeah 100 yeah rooster he's just you know one
well first of all i just don't think people like his style and just you know how tight his
chin strap is so it's like cutting off circulation oh yeah he yeah. He's slimy. Yeah, he is. He's slimy like that.
And two, you definitely can't understand a word he's saying out there,
so that might piss you off even more.
But, yeah, he just gets under guys' skin, just always in your face,
running around, you know.
But he's actually  he played too.
I saw this year  I think his first game back this year, he scored,
and I was like, oh, I would not want to be the guy
that was dealing with that right now.
No, and his celebrations are outrageous too.
He goes ham.
Oh, hammer.
He's so passionate.
He is.
It's insane because he's always talking in the room.
He wants to win so bad too.
He's a great guy to have around the room.
When you guys rib him about how aggressive his cellies are,
is he sensitive or can he take
a chirp? He can take it.
Okay, really? Because he seems like
he'd be a type of guy who's a little sensitive.
He can be.
It depends on...
I love it.
For the most part, we give it to him
pretty good and he can take it.
He crossed the line. Who's fucking with Rooster the most on the team just to get him
riled up oh the biggest potster on the team 100 is tanny because he's like oh man like it's it's
the old vet he'll get anybody going just like that and he like he's just like yeah he's just
i don't know what it is but he loves stirring the pot and he's good at it.
Cause he just like, he'll like, he'll like put his two cents in
and then he'll just kind of like sit back like this
and just kind of watch everything unfold.
It's unbelievable.
It's great.
That was like, that was like Orpik, eh Biz?
He used to just be like, wait, did you hear what he said about you?
I was like, what?
Then he just watched the fire burn.
The reason me and Witt had a bit of a riff was because of Orpik.
Oh, yeah.
So I made a joke when Witt was on the ice.
He was on the ice with no  like you were just on sneakers and those high socks.
And I'm like, geez, this guy forgot to do his calf raises again this summer.
He had his skinniest fucking legs on him.
So Orpik heard that.
He was dying laughing.
I went to my locker room, and then when Witt came in, he was like,
hey, you hear what Biz said about you?
And he drops it, and then all of a sudden Witt hated my guts for like a year.
No, not a year.
It was like a month, Biz.
All right.
Well, it felt like a year because you fucking make everybody know it.
I should have never forgave you either.
I wouldn't be in the middle of this mess I'm in right now. It felt like a year because you fucking make everybody know it. I should have never forgave you either.
I wouldn't be in the middle of this mess I'm in right now.
Hey, so we do a bunch of interviews.
I mean, it seems like we're doing them once, twice a week, and we've gotten to enjoy Kevin Bieska now.
I always say his name incorrectly.
But are you surprised at all having played with him,
seeing how easy it is for him to have jumped into the media?
No.
Yeah, he's just built for it. He's so good at it. It's insane.
I mean, he just knows what to say
all the time. Like, Sadeen's speech,
I don't know if you saw his speech there.
Oh, he killed it. Crushed it. Unbelievable.
And didn't have a single thing written
down in front of him. No.
Not even a single piece of paper.
That is fucking crazy.
Nothing. Like, he just went up there and just fucked right off the top of his head.
I'm sure he might have practiced.
I don't know if he practiced in the mirror or something.
But, like, he's just like, yeah, it was insane to watch.
But he always turfs me every time.
He was a grizzled vet my first show when I came in.
I only got one year with him, but it was great.
Well, you mentioned your wife earlier. She's expecting.
She's also a curler, correct? Is she on the national team
up there or something?
She's curling
for BC.
She won't be this year, but
they lost at Provincials this year in the
semis. They've lost a couple times in the
semis to go on to the Scotties,
but she's
two-time junior ontario champion um who represented ontario a couple times uh in the in the juniors
for curling but she's probably going to step away now that we're going to have a little one running
around is that i was going to ask this is going to be your first kid first yeah first one that's
that when's the due date july 19th. Good for you guys.
I don't know much about curling. I got to do it
once in Edmonton, but I know how popular it is.
I liked watching it. Has she
been in the Scotty Tournament of Hearts? That's what
I remember. No, she hasn't
been there. She's been close a couple times
to go in, but lost in the
semis and the finals once.
I never got to go. It would be a dream to go. It's like the highest you can go in but um lost in the semis and in the finals once so i never got to go it'd be a dream
to go it's like the the highest you can go in the curling world so in the world it's got oh
other countries come over for the scotty no for that's just canada and then if you win that then
you go to worlds oh that's how you that's how you go to worlds through that so yeah uh quick little
scotty sorry quick little scotty tournament the hearts
story i always remember that because because um the late pat quinn rest in peace legend of the
game was our head coach in edmonton and yeah we were down five nothing to the blackhawks after
the first period they had four power play goals or three power play goals that I think Korkoff went in or a couple of the leaders went in.
So we got to talk about the PK, Pat.
He had his feet up on his bench watching Scotty.
Scotty German-Hartz was like, hold on a second.
You should watch this.
I always remember Scotty.
Can you blame the guy?
No.
Now that I know how big it is.
It's a big losing game, right?
Like spectators?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, like especially in Canada.
Canada, it's crazy.
Like they'll sell out, like the Scotties will sell out junior ranks,
7,000 people.
What are the Scotties exactly for our listeners who don't know?
The Scotties is just like all the provinces and territories
who win their province or territory.
They come together and they play a big tournament to see who goes
on to the world.
Have you ever played against
your girl?
I've been there a couple
of practices a couple of times. I suck.
Oh, okay. So you're not even...
No, it's not even a comparison.
It's hard. Have you guys ever tried it? Have you guys, it's not even a comparison. It's hard.
Have you guys ever tried it?
Have you guys ever played it?
Yeah, I did.
It's so much harder than it looks.
It's insane.
I'm good at shuffleboard, though, so I think I'd be all right at this.
If you're good at it, you know what, Biz?
If you're good at shuffleboard, you're going to kill it in the curling world, too.
I don't know.
That's like saying if you're good at street hockey that you can play in the NHL, dude.
Yeah.
Whoa, were you fucking with me or were you being serious?
No, I was fucking with you.
Hey, no, bro.
This is a serious interview. We're not joking around here.
Sorry.
Gee, cut that.
What's up?
And you swore I'm going to have all the
crazies after you.
Crazies, as Vince calls them.
Stay away from them.
With this time right now, everyone's at home.
We're asking everyone, what do you got on Netflix?
I need shows. What are you crushing?
The Tiger King.
You watched it? Yeah.
I'm on episode three right now.
We won't ruin it for you.
I just saw the Carol
Baskins. What do you think?
After that. Oh, she did it.
Oh, she 100 did it.
And I don't know if you saw the news today.
This won't ruin anything, but they reopened the case.
They're looking for leads on where.
Yeah, because that guy, unfortunately, his bones and remains have been shit out by an enormous lion.
So I don't think they're going to find anything.
But she did it.
100. I'm convinced that she
fed her husband to the tigers. There's no other
explanation.
You know?
Yeah, the what do you call it?
The sheriff down there, he sent out a tweet
basically if you have any information.
They didn't dust off the case, but
he might just want to be getting his little five minutes of the sheriff.
The sheriff is the campaign manager.
He's now the sheriff.
Oh, actually, you haven't, you haven't even seen that yet.
You haven't hit that episode.
No, I have that story.
Yeah.
There's too much to spoil though.
There's so much craziness.
Don't spoil it for me.
Oh yeah.
My bad.
You played with Connor McDavid in the juniors, correct?
Yeah.
He by far and away the most talented teammate you've had at any level?
Yeah, by far.
I think, no, just as, I mean, how fast he is and how skilled he is,
it's just there's no one that can touch him.
I mean, I'd say him and McKinnon by far are the top two.
Like, I got to go against those guys on a nightly basis
when we play those guys.
So, I mean, it's just him and McKinnon are just by far the hardest to go against.
Do you relish the defensive assignments like that, though?
Because, I mean, I know they don't show up in the score sheet all the time,
but as a competitor, do you appreciate having that challenge? Because I mean, I know, you know, they don't show up in the score sheet all the time, but as a competitor, do you like,
appreciate having that challenge?
I do.
Yeah, like I'd rather have a job assigned to me that night.
You know, I'm going up against McDavid or McKinnon
or, you know, Kopitar, you know, all those guys.
I'd rather have myself.
I think it just brings the best out of me.
Every time I have that assignment to play against the best players in the world,
then I want to raise my game to that level to try and stop them.
So, yeah, you've got to relish those moments.
So that's why you play the game, right?
Bo, is that something that's communicated after morning skate
where Travis is coming up to you and saying, hey, you got McDavid tonight,
and then you're getting the pregame nap and you build up the challenge?
Or do they just spray that on you like when you get walking to the rink
two hours before?
No, like it's just  he never says anything like that.
It's just like as soon as I get out there and I see he's across from me
standing on the blue line, that's how I know like, okay, it's on.
All right.
I kind of have the assumption where I'm pretty sure I'm going to get that assignment,
but you never know until you step on the ice.
Then he just throws a wild card at you and you match up with the fourth line center.
He's like, you think you know me?
I got some Mike Keenan mind games, bitch.
No, it's usually against the top two lines.
So you get out there against the fourth line, against Vegas.
You got Rivo running around out there, and you're trying to keep your head up.
He's a train, man.
How big is that fucker?
Oh, yeah.
It's crazy.
And he gets moving, too.
Moving.
And he's not afraid to chirp anybody on the ice, too, because he can.
Somebody reached out to us and mentioned that.
So I don't know if this is true mentioned that your parents drove you to toronto to play like in peewee because it was
like the competition was better because where you lived was kind of in the middle of nowhere
is that true or yeah yeah it's 100 i moved away when i was 12 and 13 really yeah i lived in
toronto with a kid on the team and went to school and played there for two years.
So that's  I mean, you loved the game that much,
and you were obviously good enough to be like,
all right, I want to go play against the best at my age, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, it's exactly what it was.
It's like  I mean, I found that I was  you know, it wasn't
it was going to take my career to the next level.
I wanted to play hockey ever since I was, you know, little. And I think that that was going to be my career to the next level. I wanted to play hockey ever since I was little.
And I think that was going to be the best for my development.
And I kind of figured that.
And I just kind of went and ran with it.
I never regret it once in my life for sure.
It was probably one of the best times I've had.
Well, I was just going to ask, that must have helped you grow up quick.
I mean, you're right out on the road.
Would you say you said 12 years old?
Yeah, 12 and 13 I moved away.
That is crazy.
I went at 16, and even then I was like, holy shit.
It made the transition to junior that much better.
Like, it just, you know, it was like, okay, I've been here, done that,
and moved away from home, so it made it that much easier.
Were you a high pick in the OHL as well?
Yeah, I was ninth in the O and ninth
in the NHL.
You'll take that. Put that on the resume.
Exactly.
You won an
Ontario championship with Donnell Nurse, correct?
As well? Yes.
I won the
GTHL and the whole
thing where everybody comes together
too. We won that.
We beat, I think it was Max.
His OHL signing bonus was the same as his NHL signing bonus.
Just kidding.
Just kidding.
I had to.
Oh, I had to.
You know, if you're going to be a London Knight guy,
you can't be saying that shit.
I know.
I'm kidding.
I was kidding.
We're going to delete that shit. I know. I'm kidding. I was kidding. We're going to delete that shit.
I'm just fucking around, guys.
All right.
You still buddies with him now that you're division rivals?
Or was it just kind of a long ago?
He was my first NHL fight, too.
Oh, really? No shit, huh?
How'd that come about?
He's tough as shit, too, isn't he?
He is. He's nails.
Yeah, I just kind of hit him wrong in the corner and
i didn't even think it was that bad of a hit but he popped up he's like bro we gotta go
oh i was like i was like okay like he's so he dropped his shit i dropped mine i grabbed him
and i'm like he's not gonna hit me like we're best friends you know like we're good buddies
all saying just went like two right to my jaw and i'm just like you son of a sudden, he just went like two, right to my jaw. And I'm just like,
you son of a bitch.
And like,
yeah,
I just,
I don't know,
everything blocked out from there.
And I just started throwing as many as I could and,
and eventually went to the ground.
But I thought it was all right for my first one.
That's for sure.
You thought it was all fun and games.
I was like,
this guy's not going to hit me.
And all of a sudden,
he just two right to my jaw. And my jaw still hasn't been the same. I was like, this guy's not going to hit me. And all of a sudden, he just threw it right to my jaw.
And my jaw still hasn't been the same.
I still tell him.
It still clicks.
Is it TJ Miller or JT Miller?
JT.
Okay.
Yeah.
I was just testing you.
No, yeah.
Do some of his teammates forget?
No, never.
Okay.
This is the only guy who calls him TJ Miller every time.
Hey, no, not true.
Take it back.
ESPN actually posted a graphic, and they had it wrong.
So, yeah, so that guy too, and that's us.
That's just us two.
Oh, shit.
I'm going to help myself out there.
Who was your first goal on in the NHL?
Frederick Anderson when he was playing for Anaheim.
Oh, Freddie.
Yeah, Freddie.
Actually, assisted
by Cassian and Dorsett,
believe it or not.
Those are your lineys then? Those are my
lineys, yeah. That
and Yannick Hansen a little bit, and
Ronalds Kennens
from the last part of
the year.
Do you guys remember that name at all?
Is he Lapian?
Lapian, yeah.
Yeah, you got it.
Oh, my.
Considering we have a Vancouver, a current Vancouver Canuck on,
I got to ask you about the final game at home for the Sedins.
Okay, yeah.
Because it was such a special night,
and I was actually in attendance for it because you guys were playing the Coyotes.
That's right.
So just, just like wrap that
whole experience up. I know we talked about
the beginning of the season when they presented
you with the captaincy but that's another
big one. It was probably one of the best
celebrations I've ever been a part of.
I mean just
every single time they touched the puck, every time
they were on the ice, the fans went nuts.
Like they were going crazy
for them and I they i think they
had both had i think danny had two goals and hank had two apples and like the stats were
unreal like they were scoring at like 22 33 on the clock like you know like just stupid
like that you know like it was illuminati shit yeah it was weird and like the like somebody told
me a stat they were like um all like everything sold like can't like food and booze that night
in the entire arena came out to average 22 and 33 cents or something like that like it was just
like oh my god that sounds like an enormous Vancouver Canucks wives tale
that can be passed upon generations and generations.
Keep going, though, because there's a few Canucks fans
with their Juergens out right now, or Can I Brands, I should say.
They're just slobbing their knob.
They love that shit.
Hey, Canucks fans are vicious, man.
They're some of the nastiest out there.
They are.
They are passionate.
I'm going to say passionate.
Yeah, we've said that a couple times.
That's the word of the day.
Do you think that anything changed in terms of, like,
how you talk to the team, how you approach the locker room
when you became the captain?
Or was it really just, I'm going to continue to be the same exact guy
that I've been?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'd say the biggest piece of advice that actually Hank and Danny gave me,
it was just don't change.
And I've just tried to do that the best of my abilities.
Obviously you say more things than you would on a normal basis.
You know,
when things aren't going well or when things are going well.
But other than that,
I just tried to be who I am because that's,
yeah,
I don't know.
I don't want to change.
Yeah, exactly.
Bo, last year you had pretty much a rotating cast of line mates
due to injuries and whatnot, but you still managed to set career highs
and goals, assist, and points.
What was the big reason or reasons for that?
Yeah, I don't know.
Like luck.
Yeah.
I can't put a finger on it, but, I mean, yeah, I think
somebody told me I played with every single forward on the team last year
at one point.
Wow.
So, I don't know.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't know if that's a compliment, I guess.
Or the opposite.
Or the opposite.
I'm just saying.
I can't find chemistry with anybody.
I'm a half-empty kind of guy.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, it can go either way.
But, yeah, no, I just got lucky and tried to do the best I could
with what was going on.
Dude, I'm sorry.
I'm going through your draft because I just wanted to see
if there's any guys I could ask questions about.
You played with Zdorov in junior?
How much of a lunatic was he then?
Because now he's an absolute terror running around the ice.
He is.
He's actually more of a terror now than he was in junior.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow, he's grown into that.
He has.
Because I don't know if he was just trying to find his game
or trying to decide what type of player he wanted to be,
but he hits guys harder now than I've ever seen.
In junior, he had a couple real big ones.
So you're saying the avalanche could be maybe like injecting him
with steroids and stuff?
He's just getting more aggressive?
Maybe.
You know, he brought Russian gas over.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah.
I don't know.
He was that big, though, in junior.
We're going to quote you on that, Bo.
Injections going on in Colorado.
Maybe that's whenckinnon's
on yeah well i don't know what that guy's on that guy's on another planet i i couldn't imagine this
entire interview going by not asking about this stud on the back end quinn hughes grinelli yeah
grinelli i got our buddy over here looks like yeah you're twin who's a honestly who's better looking the actual quinn
hughes are our quinn hughes i would say mike that's what i'm saying i've been saying for a
while i think you got you i can't see your hair right now i've seen it but uh huggy huggy bears
probably got the worst set of hair on our team oh huggy bear well that's why you call what do you call him huggy bear for uh that was
such his nickname for him as soon as we drafted him he's like from now on we're calling a huggy
bear and just probably like the raunchiest reason and all the fans think it's all like cute and
stuff oh yeah he he hates it like bauer made him like bear huggy bear t-shirts and he just lost it oh bauer oh yeah i have i have one so
oh if he wasn't if he wasn't as nasty as he is he might be like all right i i need i can't have
this handle going around but he should almost embrace it now that he's so good he's like i
don't give a fuck call me huggy bear i'm gonna be rich as shit well they had to they had to do
another campaign to come back,
and that's why they probably collabed with us.
So Bauer's back on track.
Shout out to Bauer.
So is he a silly fucker off the ice?
Like, what's he like?
He's actually hilarious.
Like, he's quick-witted too, and he chirps guys.
But he's pretty quiet.
Like, I'd like to see him next year if he kind of opens up a little bit more
because he's going to be  he's already quick-witted, but he's pretty quiet. I'd like to see him next year if he kind of opens up a little bit more because he's going to be
he's already quick-witted
but he's just nasty.
He plays against all the top
lines already, him and Tanev.
I don't know.
The way he can move and skate
and get away from guys on the
point. He's sick on the
power play. I don't know how many power play points he had this year.
Sounds like a Calder endorsement right there. Honestly, he's sick on the power play. I don't know how many power play points he had this year. Sounds like a Calder endorsement right there.
Honestly, he's my front runner, 100.
Just watching every single night watching him.
I mean, he's definitely
Another shot fired at Colorado.
It's not supposed to come that easy.
There's a lot brewing here.
Yeah, this Vancouver-Colorado series in 2027 will be unreal.
Yeah, 100.
Anything else you guys want to talk about?
What else are you doing to kill time?
I mean, you must be climbing the walls like everybody else, no?
Yeah, yeah, just trying to stay sane.
I mean, we've actually got the baby room ready
the nursery putting shit together trying to put ikea shit together is a nightmare so
dude you you cannot be doing that yourself please don't tell me that
bohor ad is sitting around putting together ikea free ads please
this is the business man she's trying to sneak that one in on us yeah sorry who you work
for they yeah they contacted me are you uh are you golf guy in offseason i am yeah this is killing
me i actually just ordered a golf net so hopefully i can go out there in my backyard and swing them
a little bit that'll kill some time but sorry all right so biz and i we uh we have sandbagger
we played mckinnon and crosbyby and Jimmy Hayes and Stapleton,
so you've got to get a partner, and then we come to London.
Perfect.
All right.
100.
I call Greg McKegg.
Greg McKegg.
All right, plays for the New York Rangers, I believe, correct?
He's pretty much scratch golfer.
That's kind of a silly name, Greg McKegg.
Greg McKegg.
Crushing kegs.
Craig McGag.
Greg McGag.
Greg McGag.
That's a tongue twister, is it not?
Am I the only crazy one here?
Okay, say it three times fast.
You're going to put him on a headlock on the course now
because you're dogging his name.
Well, he's a scratch golfer, you said?
Yeah, that's what he said.
So we're in for one against him.
Will he be comfortable in front of the camera?
Oh, yeah. As long
as you don't ask him to say his name.
Greg McKegg.
I know exactly who it is. He's a lefty. He's missing
a front tooth.
Oh, really? I know his game.
All right. Well, Bud, thanks for
coming on. This is obviously a difficult
time for you guys.
Hopefully we get an answer quick as to when you will resume play.
And, I mean, fuck, you guys were having a pretty good season,
and you guys, as of right now, are in a playoff position, correct?
Yeah.
Yeah, if we started it up, hopefully they go by a percentage
and not where it sits right now, and we'll be in.
Well, enjoy it while it lasts.
The Coyotes are coming.
Oh, oh, oh.
That's us signing off.
Thanks, Bo.
Thanks a lot, Bo.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Thanks, guys.
Well, big thanks to Bo Horvat for joining us during quarantine here,
and hopefully the Vancouver Canucks fans are satisfied that we got their guy
out for them, and then hopefully they enjoyed it as well.
We do want to note that that interview was brought to you by Budweiser.
The classic great taste in Budweiser is a proud sponsor of Spittin' Chicklets
and also now a proud sponsor of the East Coast Hockey League
Player Relief Fund programs, a league that is near and dear to Biz
from early in his career.
The support will go to help players out, coaches, and all the staff
that help make the league a vital part of the hockey community.
Also, Budweiser wants to send a reminder to everyone
to stay safe and indoors.
Luckily, you can still get Budweiser delivered to your door in Canada
through your favorite delivery sites.
Also, check out budweiser.ca slash one team
where Budweiser is supporting the hashtag one team,
which is raising money for the front line.
So once again, go to budweiser.ca slash one team and check it out.
You mentioned the player relief fund.
They are a part of the Twitch channel.
Every night I've been playing people for ECHL player relief fund donations.
So loser has to donate a hundred bucks to the player relief fund.
So it's fun.
We're getting some people and there's even been some people that I beat that
are still donating.
So it's,
it's a great cause.
And if people want to keep donating,
that's,
that's huge.
And again,
follow us on Twitch.
That's another element of the podcast that we're branching out into.
I know nothing about this Twitch place.
Okay.
We should get on and announce him playing someone.
Well,
that's we'll,
we'll do that.
But Grinnell,
he's all about this Twitch world.
So you're now this Twitch world.
You're now our Twitch guy.
I feel like that could end up being one of those things like Twitch
could just be exploding and we have no
idea, Biz, but then Grinnelli just wheezes in
and becomes the biggest one of all of us.
And then we're getting him coffee.
And then we're wiping his ass.
You guys can be in the booth. I'll go down.
We're sending him mics.
Where are you going to be, RA? I'll go down. We're sending him Mike's.
Where are you going to be?
All right.
I'll go between the benches on the video game.
You're going to be our pure Pierre,
but that puck would have hit you in the head.
Pierre got out of the way.
Or no,
he didn't even see it.
Remember that picture?
Yeah.
Oh man.
Oh fuck.
Hey, did you see before we get,
before we wrap up here,
did you see me?
I'm taking care of the wildlife in Salty the other day?
Or Turkey was fucking come out of nowhere
and I helped it cross the street?
Ari's getting that boy band fucking
money. He's buying exotic pecs and
shit. He's going to be the Tiger King of Boston.
Right.
Turkey King in South Carolina.
Doc McGonigal.
It was funny.
Seven women and he's got 73 saber-toothed tigers.
And a cigarette boat and a giant flat screen.
87 inches.
Oh, man.
No, I come out of the credit union and I turn, there's a fucking turkey there.
I mean, the thing's a pretty good-sized bird.
So I naturally bust out the phone and do my
fucking, get my Sir David Attenborough
on, and I was like, oh, he's about to cross the
street. I didn't want to see the thing get creamed,
because people, you know, Broadway's a busy street.
You think on Broadway someone would have ran over
a turkey? Not intentionally.
People would have pulled. People are hungry,
man. People texting and driving, dude.
It was, I wouldn't, I mean, I would love to go back, and if we could see if the turkey made it across the road,
it would be great to see right now.
Oh, yeah, I got him across.
I know on his own though I'm saying.
I don't know where he went.
I wanted to follow him for a little bit, but it's like I got shit to do.
So I used to play golf at this place, Boston Golf Club.
Beautiful golf course.
Hang in Massachusetts.
And they had turkeys all over the place, right?
So I'm just seeing wild turkey.
I know you've seen it before, but they're still pretty.
They're way bigger than you think.
I had no idea.
One day I'm playing at sunset.
It's probably 8 o'clock at night, beautiful summer evening.
And these fucking turkeys start running down the fairway.
They go up in the air.
I had no idea they could fly.
And they have to get a running start like an airplane because they're so heavy.
At the beginning, it's like, are they going to make it?
Like if they were on an aircraft carrier,
they're dropping down before they come back up in the shot.
Need a tail work.
That is what turkeys
that's when a turkey blew my mind.
I had no clue how they could fly and seeing them do it
and then they sleep up in the trees
like RA in South Carolina.
Where's that bitch Carol Baskets?
I actually
have to go guys.
Alright.
Love you guys and we'll see you in a couple days.
Everyone stay safe out there.
As always, we'd like to thank our fantastic sponsors here,
and, of course, big thanks to our buddies over at New Amsterdam
and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Mugsy Jeans.
Got a pair on right now.
Super comfy.
A big thanks to everybody over at McCain Potatoes.
I love them.
I need some more.
The old dipping wedges can't beat them.
And a big thanks to our friends at Budweiser Candy.
Everybody have a great weekend.
Look at the stars.
Look how they shine for you.
Everything you do. Thank you. All the things she did And it was called yellow
So then I took my turn
Oh, what a thing to have done
And it was all yellow Your skin, oh yeah, your skin
Oh, it's turning into something beautiful
And you know, you know I love you so
You know I love you so I swam across
I jumped across for you
Oh, what a thing to do
Cause you were all yellow
I drew a line
I drew a line for you
Oh, what a thing to do
And it was all yellow.
