Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 263 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Let's say hi to the boys. I think we're on week five, week six. Who could tell? Who cares? Let's keep rolling at this point.
Mikey G, I know you're not feeling well. It's ironic tonight's the Michael Jordan documentary debut, and you might have a little flu game yourself here tonight, or what?
Michael Jordan documentary debut.
You might have a little flu game yourself here tonight or what?
Yeah, not feeling too well.
Morale is a little low.
As you guys know, I am a man of my word.
I like to follow through on all my bets.
I made a bet with Zach Wierenski this past week.
If he scored 20 goals on me, I would say I love Zach Wierenski on the next five podcasts.
So I'll start this podcast off just by saying I love Zach Wierenski.
We can get into the whole Twitch game later if you want.
Hi guys, Ryan Whitney here.
The Wit Dog, what up, what up?
Mikey, sorry I already took your job there.
That was so embarrassing.
I'm sorry to be a dick while you're feeling sick.
You look terrible.
But, dude,
I tweeted out, is this for real?
Are you that bad? let me just say this first
off i play on ps4 that night we had to play on xbox so i learned on a different controller we're
playing on xbox that night so that's a different story i beat adam godette on x on ps4 so anywho
let me say this how bad does godette look now? Yeah, he looks terrible. But I'm a smart man. People don't think I'm that smart.
I'm way smarter than people think.
If I lost to Zach Lerensky 5-1, no one's talking about it.
I lose 20-0, I lose 20-0, the whole internet's talking about it.
I agree with Grinnell on that because I don't think I'm talking about it either.
So you're saying you purposely let in goals, though.
It wasn't actually 20-0.
I'm just saying I'm smarter than people think.
He's a marketing genius, like the Zillion Beers guy is what he's saying.
Just trying to grow our Twitch channel.
Good job, buddy.
Nothing like a 20, nothing will blow to get it going.
The Whip Dog just said hello.
What's up, Biz Nasty?
Paul Bissonnette.
How we doing, buddy?
Guys, I binge-watched a podcast called podcast called cereal this weekend i believe it no no
pump the brakes wit mrs judge judy over there it was i think it was originally released in 2014
don't add admin syed that the baltimore case yes so this is a very old podcast but it's evergreen
because you know it kind of points out some kind of points out some errors maybe in the judicial system.
Help me out.
Good job.
Good job.
You kind of lisped it, but you got it.
Gave me a little throat jab.
But it was very interesting.
I think it was 11 episodes originally, so I would go for walks
and, you know, basically just binge watch this whole
or listen to this whole thing. And then two other ones came out afterward but i think he was wrongfully
accused of murder and it's a very interesting podcast to listen to it's called serial there's
two seasons the second season's involving uh something uh revolving what all right you know
i know honestly because i never got into them i'm familiar with them because they were so popular in
the podcast world but i never actually listened to them i kind of get like so
there was so much true crime porn out there i just i just kind of like get sick of hearing about i
understand the allure of it it just it was just like after making a murder i kind of tapped out
on it well it's being brought back up i think they're trying to get it to the supreme court i
think that they actually got denied for that and yeah he i think he just got denied recently for his um appeal my personal opinion i think he was wrongfully
accused so that's why listening to it and if you if you want to go for nightly walks and binge watch
or listen to that i keep saying watching it's because i'm thinking of the youtube videos we're
about to drop this week we got fucking pronger why are you laughing just because you spun that
so perfectly into thinking about business,
thinking about chiclets, and being biz.
Well, no, I'm thinking about our fan base.
They get to see Chris Pronger.
He was a great interview, although he did have the laugh like the Joker.
Nice one.
It's for memes to post there.
And we have Glenn Healy, who is bullying R.A. the whole hour.
So it's going to be a good time.
We've got some good podcasts dropping.
R.A., I'll let you tell everyone who the guest is well yeah quickly hold on um so do you think people because they were all over healy
for they everyone was upset they thought he was like really being a dick to you all right i'm
wondering on the video mikey have you watched it will people notice it was very jokingly the whole
time i think i think the podcast it's it's a lot more obvious because there's a lot of one-liners
where we cut to you guys and we just see you guys laughing, but you hear Glenn Healy make the one-liner under his breath.
Okay, okay, okay.
I think people will be fine with it.
And if they don't, whatever.
I mean, I know.
I wasn't crying for sure.
I mean, it's a lot different live, and we talk about that all the time, and we actually even had a discussion the other day about it.
Sometimes we try to either chime in on guys too in the midst of interviews we're getting used to this whole process we're very well i'm personally very
new to the industry and i know some of the criticism and i talked to you guys about it
is sometimes i interrupt guests because i'm so excited to get these stars on i'm a fucking jock
sniffer boys i get excited so all right i'll throw it back over to you but uh just a little bit
of explanation there on our end yeah speaking of guests uh we have a former ranger and former
canadian brandon prust you talked to him for well over an hour man awesome conversation i think this
one's gonna may cause a ripple or two throughout the hockey world give something something about
for people to talk about monday what do you mean all right uh people can listen and after our first
few segments here and figure it out themselves. So we'll get to that.
Biz, you had a little bit of an ear.
Buster doesn't give a shit, I'll say that.
Yeah, I know.
And, you know, like as always, players feel free if they say something
and want to do it back.
Speech is mine.
You know, and that wasn't what he wanted to do here, so we're letting it fly.
And talk about a guy who just kind of got every ounce out of his career.
Yeah.
You know, just found ways to keep inching and clawing
all the way to the top.
And, I mean, he ended up getting that nice little payday, too.
So you always like to see the guys like that get what they're due.
Played in some very nice cities, too,
in terms of maybe enjoying yourself.
You might not have any of that money left.
Living, playing for the Rangers, too.
You got to make bank to live down there oh yeah that's
fucking rent they got the extra city tax I think on top of everything else yeah yeah it's crazy
expensive down there but biz I was mentioning you are kind of had a bit of an anniversary over the
weekend you and Revo uh had a scrap a few years back that the anniversary was noted on Twitter
and everybody was having some fun with that I was asked by Viva La Stool for my opinion if there was a rematch today.
I'm not sure if it had yet, but
I said, I love Biz. He's my man, but it's like
asking Mike Tyson versus Sugar Ray Leonard.
You know, Rivo's 275
whatever. I don't even know what you are.
He wants to go.
20, 25.
He's got 50 pounds on you and that's not
quarantine.
I'll be taking HGH for five years and in full
training mode and rush i'll be taking the androchrome or whatever the fuck i'll be taking
every drug known to man and then i'll have to go on that rocky four russian regimen that's the only
way i'd have a snowball's chance in hell and how do you say his last name comedo my i believe it's
mike comedo yeah mike comedo he wrote a book he sent it to me about six months ago no offense i and how do you say his last name? Camito? I believe it's Mike Camito, yeah.
Mike Camito.
He wrote a book.
He sent it to me about six months ago.
No offense.
I haven't read a page.
You guys know how I am on the reading regimen.
He used it to wipe that time in the kitchen when he couldn't get to the bathroom or it was clogged.
Oh, fuck.
No, what's the book?
It's 365 Days of Hockey Stories, like fun facts and stuff.
So check it out.
Quick plug for him, no free ads.
But maybe because he hadn't gotten his shout-out,
and Ari, I'll let you get back to describing the book after I say this,
he was pissed, so that's why he brought up the fact that Revo speed-bagged me
at Center Ice at the Scott Trade Center.
No, I've given Mike some love.
I've used his book for a few of our occasions.
We've marked histories.
I basically compare it.
You know those diaries, calendars where you pull off a fact today it's like one of those but
it's on steroids it has like the whole story about stuff on it it's a really cool book if you're in
the hockey history so do you guys watch any of that concert that was on um saturday night no uh
no i caught uh a couple highlights the next morning this morning uh rider was up at 5 30 with uh
shit all over himself so that was a quick morning and and then i i thought it was pretty cool i mean
elton john what do you crush i'm still standing yeah yeah yeah open the episode mikey with i
actually i actually love that song but he was just in his backyard, sick set up, and he's got a basketball hoop.
Who else did I see?
My boy.
Lizzo.
Lizzo, I think I saw up there bringing it.
It was cool.
I just didn't even know it was on the night before.
I was out to lunch.
Yeah.
Someone texted me because my boys came on the Stones, man.
Honestly, I know I always stroke them off,
but they've been singing that song for 50 years,
and Mick still kills it.
Can't always get what you want.
And what was funny?
He looked great.
All right. So they came on this morning, too.
They were in like the obviously four of them.
Right.
And Keith Richards, I think, was bottom left.
And my dad said, I can't believe that guy is still alive.
It's actually like a miracle.
He was that much of a like a drug addict mess that he shouldn't even be here anymore right
yeah that was actually was woody in the bottom left keith was in the top right and charlie the
drummer okay he was playing off his sofa and like fucking tables like he didn't have drums set up
like he was just fucking around it which is hilarious but yeah keith rich is mad like that
guy he's been off heroin for like 30 years but like before that i mean he got arrested coming
into toronto in like the late 70s and he was looking at like 10 years of federal time because the drug laws and basically they let
the stones play a concert to benefit the blind and like he caught him out of jail time wow that
ain't happening these days hey could you picture ra like in uh oceans 13 the french guy maybe it
was ocean 12 he's jumping through the lasers he's trying to to get in Mick Jagger's house for the own private.
He was the only other person in that house when he was throwing on that concert.
That's how fucking good this guy is.
I would say.
With the cup, he dragged it with him.
I would say the stalkiest thing I ever did with the Stones,
they were playing that private gig at Robert Kraft's house
like probably four or five years ago.
They weren't even on tour.
They got paid specifically to play a tent for Robert Kraft. and i know they always stay at the ritz in town so i went over and just like dollied
up at the bar i had a couple drinks and you know when he sings give me shelter like there's like
the black chick who comes in and they go back and forth like in the songs in in concert it's
legendary well the woman who used to do it lisa fisher she she well like basically left the tour
and this other i saw the woman replaced her. I got to look up her name.
And she was sitting right next to me at the bar,
and I was pretending like I didn't know the Stones.
I'm like, what are you up to in town?
She's like, oh, I'm on tour.
I'm like, oh, who are you playing with?
And she was wicked coy.
She wouldn't tell me she was with the Stones, but I don't want to sit like fangirl.
So you were kind of being a seeker.
I wasn't looking for autographs, but I was definitely lurking for something.
Something, yeah.
I went over the wristband.
What would you have done?
This is cell phones.
I thought this was 15 years ago.
No, this was within the last five years.
I was hoping she'd be like, oh, I'm here with the Stones.
Hey, why don't you come back and hang out
for the party?
Nothing that happens.
Ari's got a Stones t-shirt on.
Stones tattoo showing.
She's like, nobody.
Ari, if you could pick one person on this planet right now who's living
to have an hour conversation with, who would you pick?
You're just shooting the shit like you're at Buddy's.
And you're going to get real answers out of them.
They're going to shoot the shit back.
Probably Keith Richards, man.
I mean, he's had such an interest in life and
he he doesn't hold anything back he'll give it to you straight and i know he's he's one i love him
and meck equally they're like two grandfathers to me at this point but yeah probably keith
richards love all right very cool what would you say wit tough by the way we've completely lost
mikey i think he's probably pissing out of his asshole at this point he's like i'm the producer
right now so just yeah is that is he's like wing out of his asshole at this point. I'm the producer right now.
He's like Witt's kid this morning, just shit all over himself.
Oh yeah, you thought the garbage can was bad.
So Mikey's actually, is that
flu-like symptoms?
This is his flu game.
Wow. Hopefully that's
all. Her name's Sasha Allen, by the way.
Sasha Allen. I just want to give her a full pro.
I did a terrible job of describing that serial podcast.
People are going to be so bored by my description of it,
they're not going to watch it.
I'm sure.
Or listen to it.
No, no.
I think 95 of our listeners, you're telling them something they already know.
I think everyone knows about that thing.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, so I don't think you butchered it.
So I should be more concerned about my text like, like hey that happened like a zillion years ago yeah you're gonna get a million of
like hey we landed on the moon yeah but i'm well aware that it's it's it was in 2000 even for the
people who haven't heard of it that could i'm just i'm just saying in terms of you thinking uh
you did a bad description of it all right thank you i appreciate that hey boys we actually have
some hockey news to talk about this week
and not the usual bad news stuff, well, unless you're a Winnipeg fan.
But first off, St. Louis Blues, they signed Marco Scandala,
defenseman, to a four-year, 13.1 million extension.
That's a 3.275 million AAV and cap hit.
The 30-year-old defenseman was coming off a 4 million deal.
What's interesting is
Montreal gave Buffalo a fourth round of farm in this year's draft. Then they flipped them just
six weeks later to the Blues for a second round. And because he re-signed in St. Louis, there was
a condition there. They got a fourth round of farm too. So good work by the old Berger van up in
Montreal. Berger van buzzing. Berger van. But you got to figure, you know, with the situation with
J-Bow and who knows what's going to go on.
Petrangelo looks like Doug Armstrong is bolstering that blue line.
Hey, Biz?
I mean, fucking Army.
He ain't taking any time off.
What is that, his third signature since this thing happened?
What pandemic, says Army?
Not for him, man.
He is a beast, man.
He continues to try to, you know, re-event that team and make these,
I'd say pretty significant tweaks.
I mean, does that not tell you that he doesn't think in the captain
or getting something done?
What does that tell you, Whit?
Do you think he can still somehow?
I would be very surprised if Petrangelo resigns there.
I apologize if I say his name wrong.
I think the world of him is a player and a guy.
I've been kind of adamant that
or opinionated that I don't think
he's going to be back ever since Justin Falk
signed there because that was a
pretty big deal. I think it's around seven and a half
per year and Pareko
at some point and then you see
the Hobie Baker winner is going to be going
there. At some point I should probably
say he'll be signing with them.
Maybe not this year,
if not maybe next,
but you just got to look at this team.
They,
it wasn't just last year and then that's going to be it.
Right.
They're built for four or five years here.
I mean,
this is looking very nice and they'll have to replace some,
you know,
depth guys along the way.
But you think of Tara Sanko,
O'Reilly, you know, it's that team is just going to be some, you know, depth guys along the way. But you think of Tarasenko, O'Reilly, you know,
that team is just going to be really, really difficult
to play against for a long while now.
Okay, welcome back, Mikey.
Stick taps here.
Let's get some stick taps going, boys.
Not too many, not too many.
Bitter piss.
Oh, I was just puking everywhere.
Oh, okay.
The other way.
Grinding it out, buddy.
Grinding it out.
Clue game.
Let's go.
Back to Army.
Yeah, I mean, you figure you got now Falk and Scandella
for what you would have paid for the captain.
And the reason I keep saying captain is because I struggle with his last name too.
Let's just acknowledge why I keep saying the captain.
The media guy right there.
There you go.
Just calling the captain.
You want to mess up his name it's
funny because it is you hear people say petrangelo for the most part but other people spell it the
same way and do pronounce it peter angelo so not even going there captain el capitan um but it's
it's it's it's i think it's going to be one of those things where it's if they don't have success
in the playoffs moving forward if they in fact lose him, it will always be that like,
oh, should have kept Petrangelo.
Hopefully I said it right.
And whereas his army's thinking,
if this kid who's coming out of college pans out
and the Scandella ends up playing on a fair deal
and maybe even playing above what we're paying him,
and Falk can maybe step up his game given that ice time
that was supposed to be the captain's.
We've solved our problem on the back end
because we all know what Perenco can bring.
He's a fucking horse, man.
Perenco's a minimum 25-minute-a-night guy.
He's a mutant.
More than anyone out there, I think everyone would agree,
love seeing guys get paid.
UFA, July 1st,st what a day for so many
line them up that night pink whitney shots all around but you talk about 30 years old right now
and he's gonna want eight years at least you know seven eight years and i just don't see any the
game is changing you give the deals now to the guys when they're 21, 22 years old,
it's all switched.
Everyone's seen it happen.
And those monster deals, the backside of 30, they don't work out.
Now maybe you get, you're almost paying and thinking, all right,
well, we're only kind of looking for four.
After that, anything would be kind of a gift.
We don't plan on much more after that.
But still, it's just, I'm the bill belichick mind get rid of them um before it's so pathetic i can't even i know what he says that i love and i can't put it to words
can somebody help me too early not too late thank you sometimes i'm a word game sometimes i'm a word and sometimes i need
grinnelly's flu night to help me out just to form a sentence thank you mikey it's almost like it's
almost like a tv show you'd rather cancel early than keep it on for seven years oh i don't know
about that i'll take one bad i'm okay with your analogy but i agree and as long as it's not
breaking bad right this yeah, but the formula moving forward
is you have to, you have to have a lot of people pulling the rope and to pay one guy that much
money on the back end, there's only so much ice time and things you can do. And if, if that one
guy gets taken out of your lineup for whatever reason, and you're paying them that much and,
or production goes down, it's just like your hands are tied.
He's a depreciating asset after a certain amount of time.
Now, on the captain's standpoint, if he walks away where, hey, he's like,
I've helped you build that team and delivered your city exactly what you had me here for,
and now it's my turn to, like, make the big boy bucks,
and you're not going to give them to me, and then you kind of basically, you know,
go and sign Falk and then give my money to two guys.
Couldn't have been happy about that.
Falk couldn't have been happy about human nature.
That's human nature.
Exactly.
Thank you.
So both same wavelength tonight, busy.
It's, it's, it's such a difficult,
I can understand anyone taking either side stand on it.
And it's just a very unfortunate situation,
but the good news is,
is both of them did accomplish what they did together and at least when it's all said and done they'll remember that above anything all right well moving along to another defenseman
in the central division dustin bufflin to the surprise of no one and the winnipeg jets officially
potted ways they mutually resolved the grievance and his contract has been terminated effective immediately. I know this is going to make Witt sick, but Buffen did not receive any money as
part of agreeing to resolve his grievance and terminate the contract. He walked away from 14
million due to him this season and next. He was going to get supposed to get eight this season,
six next season. The earliest he can sign with a team, again, assuming he wants to play, nobody
has any idea what he wants to do, but if he does want to come back the earliest, he can sign with a team, again, assuming he wants to play, nobody has any idea what he wants to do.
But if he does want to come back the earliest, he can sign his next season.
Obviously, hopefully he sticks around,
but we have seen guys in other sports calling it quits early.
Whatever he does, this guy's had an incredible career.
I mean, his playoffs, he's raised his game like, you know,
.75 points per game in the playoffs, got the cup in 2010.
Let's go to you.
What's your take on this?
Shocked to see he didn't get any money.
Now, nobody knows what exactly happened,
but if that injury was from the year prior,
you got to think he would have had a case to get paid.
Now, he didn't show up to camp, and everyone knows the story,
but it just seems like this is what had to happen.
That's why it's kind of a hard subject to even not talk about, but you, you,
we can't even begin to guess what he's thinking, what he wants to do.
If he just didn't want to play in Winnipeg,
if he doesn't want to play Hawk anymore, it's just, it's all hearsay,
or it's all kind of us, us just giving our best guess,
but I'm glad for him that he's probably in a better place where he's not worrying about what's going on on that side.
It's just focused now what he's doing, living his life day by day.
And if there's hockey in the future, it's to come.
But that part of his life is now over.
A lot of money, though, that he passed up.
Holy shit, that'll change your life.
14 sheets, dude.
He could have just  that's what I'm
so, Biz, you said this when we originally talked about the stories.
You can't really put a price on mental health right yeah i guess it was weird to see him
i think he was trying to come back and get money for it where if he if he did in fact get hurt
playing for the winnipeg jets it it sucks that he just didn't follow the process if he would
have been more communication and follow protocol that he would have got his money, right?
Like, I mean, there would have been no denying that as a Winnipeg Jet
from the organizational standpoint.
Moving forward as to what's just happened, like,
I'm just curious on whether this guy is going to play again.
I think, you know, what a tremendous career, if not,
and kind of a weird ending.
I feel as a fan, we've been shortchanged because he was such an interesting personality and character.
When the team moved to Winnipeg, he was loved there when he got there.
They took him on as if he was their own.
I don't know if they felt betrayed by what's happened
because if he ends up playing again,
would you not feel kind of shortchanged as a fan,
a Winnipeg Jets fan, R.A.?
Probably, but at the same time, he walked away from 14 million.
So it tells you, I mean, it speaks to his integrity, I guess.
And as far as, you know, he could have, I know the complaint is Winnipeg,
why could he tell us sooner?
I suspect he probably didn't know until he got to camp that shit.
My heart's not in it, man.
I didn't feel this way in June, but I do now.
And I don't want to do it for the money. And like, I didn't feel this way in June, but I do now.
And I don't want to do it for the money.
And worth noting is career earnings listed on cap friendly, 66 million.
Now, I don't know if that included the 14 million from this contract or not.
If it does or doesn't, that's still 52 million in earnings if it did.
I don't want me giving that perspective for people to be confused that I'm totally okay with the way he's done things.
If he never plays another game in his life and he's happy that's all i care for dustin bufflin
i mean i was thinking selfishly as a fan like you know i would like to see him play hockey again if
that's what makes him happy when's the last time i'm sorry sorry no i just wanted to mention
quickly when he came on the scene it was a he's a bowling ball i remember when they won the cup he was crushed
pronger i think we might have talked about that did we with him uh just like um a beast out there
and then on d just had the one of the hardest shots in the league and just the occasional
bufflin hit on random nights would just you'd have to rewind it 10 times you'd be on searching
for twitter for the bufflin hit because he would blow guys up so if we never see him play again what a treat it was to watch him and hopefully we do get
to see him lace him up one more time at least for one year i mean my favorite clip is when he was
he looked like a babysitting a babysitter separating two kids from fighting with no
who was that again i forget it was vegas it. It was Thomas Noshik and Colin Miller.
He literally was like a babysitter, you know,
like pulling two kids, two brothers fighting a pod.
My headless photo of getting the shit kicked out of me by Jackman is the worst of all time.
That might be like 1B in terms of just seeing one guy hold you.
Oh, I would say it's more embarrassing being one of the two guys.
Yeah, at least you were fighting. At least you were fighting.
At least you were fighting with, you know.
I've had my jersey pulled over my head before.
The headless horseman from CP Hollow.
Here's an interesting little tidbit.
Great little golf course.
When Chicago traded Bufflin to Atlanta,
they got a first round of back from Atlanta.
It was actually New Jersey's originally.
And with that pick, Chicago selected Kevin Hayes.
You're on fire tonight, R.A.
It was involved in the buff trade.
Yeah, a little come across that poking around.
A little fun fact for all you fans out there.
Hello, all you cool cats and kittens.
I am in such a fucking silly mood today.
That's the fucking laugh I needed today.
Hey, we want to send congrats out to Andre Markoff,
who officially retired from pro hockey. He had 990 NHL games, all with the Canadians, over 16 seasons with them.
As the Habs beat writer Eric Engels pointed out in his great column Saturday,
this guy made his defensive part and is more money than anybody over the years.
Karma Saric, PK, Stripe, Sheldon Suray, Alexi Emelin.
Like, these guys played with him.
He just made everybody look so much better that they ended up cashing out.
Even for the Berger van, got a nice little bump in his career late,
thanks to Markov.
He played his last three in the KHL, but this season's all done.
He's 41, so he called it a day.
You guys played against him.
Let's go to you first, Biz.
What's your impressions on Markov?
I mean, getting his defenseman paid is, I mean,
maybe the spit and chicken analogy would be when you, like,
go to the strip club, like the rich people,
and they bring all those stacks of ones out,
and he just fucking makes it rain on all his partners,
which are the strippers' asses.
Emlin was getting, what, 4 million a year?
Did he get paid 4 a year?
Komiseric, I believe, got a five-year deal from the Leafs at over 20 million.
Like, he was  Christ, dude, he might have been able to get me paid
if I would have stayed on the back end and played with him.
This guy just made everybody's life easier on the ice.
One of those guys where you're like, you don't even
his name doesn't come up enough.
And he fucking retires, what, 10 games shy?
990 games?
10 games shy of having to make his fucking teammates
pay for a gift for him.
Put him in the Hall of God damn fame.
I mean, any Montreal Canadian fan will tell you
that this guy was the best defenseman I ever saw through the seam passes on the power play.
Every single time, the whole penalty-killing unit knew he was doing it,
and somehow he had this ability just at the last moment
where you're like, he has to be shooting this puck.
All angles of his wrist, body, and stick say shot.
Nope. No look. Cross seam, body, and stick say shot. Nope.
No look.
Cross seam through the box.
One timer.
And it was so fun to watch him walk the line offensively.
He was just awesome.
He made everything look really simple out there.
Never really got hit.
Didn't have to be physical because of how positionally sound he was
i loved watching him play um i didn't get to play against him in the khl i think he was actually
still in the nhl then but still congrats to him what a career yeah when i saw 16 years he played
i couldn't believe it was that long and sometimes i suspect what if his name was
he might have had a few norris votes over the years but because he was russian and
playing in montreal it might have worked a few Norris votes over the years, but because he was rushing and playing in Montreal,
it might have worked
against him a little bit.
Ooh, shots fired
for our aid of French media.
Let's go.
Buckle up.
Put the hard hats on.
We're in this one together, boys.
Hey, you know,
these aren't always
quick decisions, of course,
and, well,
some quick decisions
are completely out of our hands,
which is why you want
to check out Roman Swipes.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
but memorizing cons, smith, winners, or plus-minus doesn't always cut it.
That's why the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting,
and they don't require a prescription.
They're super easy to use.
Just take the swipes out of the packet,
swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
You can get your first month of swipes for just 5
when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Okay, boys, I got to steal the mic for a minute. I have an
apology to make. Mea culpa
to Nigel Dawes. I fucked up
and I passed along bad intel. I said
that he said he was going to be leaving
the team after it signed his team
in Russia after they signed Bill Peters as coach,
but he reached out to Biz, said that
information was incorrect, so I apologize
to him for any undue stress I might have caused
him. I hate fucking up like that. I got some information I thought was true. Somebody I trusted, but
whatever it is, what it is, I gave out wrong intel. So I apologize to him and for anyone else who got
that info might've ran with it. So I'm not going to get bury the guy who did it. He might not have
done it on purpose, but I don't think he did it to fuck with me, but it happened. So again,
I apologize to Nigel Dawes for getting his name in there fucking rights all right sometimes you gotta fall on the sword but uh yeah he reached out to me so
he was just more like hey all these people are calling me about this and it's not true so i was
just like uh i'm not the journal yeah yeah you know i mean i think my track record's pretty good
on that stuff and i fucked up that one so i i'm owning it and uh you know we can move on i'm just
glad i didn't tease it as much as jay glazer did i really would have got the fucking took a beating did you call that story
no he made it sound like he had this world-breaking news if i'm not mistaken about the nfl maybe the
nfl will be changing forever maybe goodell was going down and fbi warrant was like who knows
who knows what he had and it was that a player had corona? What an embarrassing look for this guy.
He's in the game of  I saw this story.
Sorry to hop in on you, Ari.
I saw this story, and he's in the game of breaking news.
Him and Schefter and a couple others I can't think of.
You have to know that for news to be held now,
you've got to think it was either him being a moron
or a complete setup to get
people to watch the show he was on.
Yeah, I think that's what he did.
He teased it because it was going to be on a show.
But you know what?
You don't do that when it comes to somebody's health.
It wasn't a trade.
It wasn't a transaction or a sale.
And I know he went on our buddy's pod, my take.
He went on there and apologized.
And he referenced like, oh, he was busy all day and he wasn't on his phone all day.
It's like, but that doesn't matter because you still tweeted out what
you tweeted out you teased it like this huge story to tune in and it turns out a guy's sick it's like
you know it's just a tough look and you know jay's a great reporter and by all accounts a pretty good
guy i don't know him i never met him but you know when you when you tease something like that man
you really shouldn't do it when it's related to somebody's health like that. But hey, I fucked up,
he fucked up, you apologize, and you move on.
Or when you have not big news.
You've got to have something to really
blow us away if you're teasing it like that.
All right.
Biz is going to do
all ad reads now. That would be something
you break.
Fuck, I'm just wondering
when's going to be my day where I fuck up
doing something like that. That's why you, man, when's going to be my day where I fuck up doing something like that?
That's why you always say you don't want to be involved in that game.
What game?
The game of breaking news.
Oh, fuck, no.
Hey, I should start breaking some of these fake trades that I get DM'd.
Like, it's crazy some of the shit I get.
I'm like, what?
I'm like, where are you making this up?
I'm like, what weed are you smoking?
Fucking mail some to me.
Here's my address.
I want to go to what planet you're on, buddy.
Hey, boys, I think we have to hail the queen of chiclets once again.
Our friend Mackenzie Lozano made another video.
Absolutely crushed it.
It might have been better than the first one.
I'd have to side-by-side him.
Of course, the video of Grinnelly when he,
the first time a most appeared in his apartment and he shit his pants and she
deadpanned all of our reactions put all of our clothes on and a couple people pointed out biz
like she looks like she could be like my daughter or my niece or something like i don't know yes in
the face we have very similarities when she's and you and you mean that like in the nicest way
exactly right i don't mean like i went to college with her mother or something like that.
I think the best part of this one was having Biz's schedule on the back
and how one of them was fight with people online was one of the days.
One of them said call over the cage right side about the cologne.
Yeah, you guys think she's crazy.
You're crazy if you think I'm not going to keep pursuing that that fucking guy you might have to get a restraining order on me oh but that yeah kudos
to mckenzie for crushing it once again that's it's not an easy thing to do and like i said to do all
four of us with distinct clothing and mannerisms and all that shit kudos to her if you haven't seen
it check out our feeds uh boys i don't know if you saw this picture of Jeff O'Neill online.
Did you audition him for a role as a street tough?
Did you see his shows back on TV?
Did you see the one busy?
He's got a tank top on with his big fat muscles and all those crazy tattoos.
I went the hat half on, half off.
He looked like a Breaking Bad character.
Yeah, he did.
He could have probably acted in that too.
That's how  anyway, we won't go to,
no,
but the reason I saw it was cause,
cause your tweet went.
Oh yeah.
I said,
I saw the picture.
I said,
God damn,
I want to have old dog on this podcast.
Everyone says you gotta have Mon.
If you listen to the show,
you know,
he,
he can't,
I believe it is,
but I got a kick out of that picture.
I think,
I think he responded like something to the effect of,
how about those jacks wit?
Assuming he's talking about his jacked arms.
I don't exactly know what he meant, but still, very funny outfit.
And that's quarantine life.
Yeah.
I might have to go for a stroll tonight, man.
It's a lack of exercise.
Do you not go for walks every day?
Not every day, no.
Really?
No, I'm kind of fucking paranoid, but I don't know.
I try to limit my trips outside.
I mean, I usually do try to get a little exercise,
especially now when the weather's getting nice.
Moving right along, we had some hilarious Drew Doughty quotes.
Let's go.
Oh, man, he's fucking hilarious.
Just gives no fucks.
This is Pearl Lisa Dillman.
I think she's with the LA Times.
She's a good reporter.
She's a great reporter.
She's been there for a long time.
They asked him, on one report,
a proposal about lottery teams playing in a tournament
for the number one pick.
That's dumb.
What was it?
Asked him about Predators and Capitals.
He says, I think Yossi has a lot less of a team
than Carlson does.
Like, shit, not fucking the Preds. Like, no one answers this stuff, but the best is, he says, think yosi has a lot less of a team than carlson does like shit not fucking the preds like no one answers this stuff but the best is he says if whoever wins
the stanley cup this year it's not going to be like a real stanley cup and then like well what
if a team was good he's like oh yeah then it would be like just fucking being dead honest but being
such a fucking troll about it we are we got to get this guy all one of these days he's too goddamn
funny i i loved i loved it he says the best part was he just like you said he mentioned that he would feel totally different
if his team was in the hunt so he knows like fuck this i don't care we did not have a good season
but it is true man imagine winning the cup in front of no fans it you you understand the cup but it'll forever be known as as a little
different right yeah it would be bizarre i'm not necessarily saying it's a gonna be an asterisk
but it's gonna just be like oh yeah corona year uh we raised the cup in front of the the guy
sweeping the aisles from men's league 14 weeks prior to that.
I think that Dowdy's become such an enemy for some reason,
and it's probably because of these little rivalries he has
with so many different teams.
And he's willing to go outside the box with some of his answers
and be very opinionated.
But, I mean, fuck, man, keep asking this guy questions.
This guy is a riot. And I don't think any guy in the leagues in in more people's heads rent free than him like he also has done it all
he's he has the ability to say whatever he wants this guy's done everything so and he's still a
relevant player he's still a good player dillman basically said he's believed to be the first
prominent nhl to voice a note of pessimism.
He said,
honestly,
I don't see how the season is going to return.
I really don't.
We have no idea when this virus is going to be over.
We're all just sitting at home,
obviously hoping to return or watch the playoffs return.
I would think the NHL or whoever would make the decision would have to make
some kind of decision on that soon.
And it seems like it's going to be pretty tough to return,
resume the season or playoff.
So yeah,
he's a candid speaker because there's nobody else really saying
this kind of stuff.
I mean, Bettman's been very pessimistic.
Is that positive?
Pessimistic is negative.
Optimistic is positive.
Optimistic.
That's what I meant.
God damn it.
So Bettman's being positive or negative, you think?
I meant he was being optimistic.
Okay.
Should we cut that?
So I would say that you optimistic, think of up, things are looking up.
Yep, yep.
Pessimistic.
It was a glitch.
Pessimistic.
I can't even say it either.
Optimistic.
I mean, he seems like the season will get finished.
He has been adamant about that, no?
Well, I think that's
the goal but i mean i don't think what it says fills me with optimism i think you know we hear
we hear trickles of the stuff like for instance new hampshire governor chris sununu sununu he
confirmed that he talked to betman about the possibility of playing nhl games in manchester
and you hit you know the quote was it's on the table well it's on the table as you know i mean
you know you know me banging cheryl teagues is still on the table was, it's on the table. Well, it's on the table. You know, I mean, you know, me banging Cheryl Teague
is still on the table theoretically,
but it might not probably never happen in my lifetime.
So, you know, I don't know that that's going to happen.
It's just a lot of these options,
but people are kind of clinging to hope.
So that story breaks out.
That was a weird example.
I'm just going to say it.
Who is it?
Who the fuck is that?
Cheryl Teague is one of the original supermodels
from the late 70s,
early 80s, one of the early swimmers.
What's she up to?
I'm going to Google image Cheryl Teague.
Yeah, she's a babe back in the day.
But, yeah, I mean, that's on the table, but probably not going to happen here.
Would you say your chances are better now than what they were?
What, me and Cheryl Teague are the NHL playing again?
You and Carol Teague.
Carol.
Yeah, they were never really there.
Well, I'm just trying to be optimistic about it.
Yeah, there we go, Biz.
There we go, Biz.
Here was another cool story, Biz.
Tyson Barry was on an Instagram Live,
and come to find out,
when his father was a co-owner
of Tampa Bay Lightning back in the day,
they were all set to draft him.
They were going to take him 52nd overall.
And Tyson Barry begged his father to not draft me.
He says, Dad, I'll never live it down if you draft me.
So the old man actually listened, and they passed on him.
He didn't go until 12 picks later when Colorado grabbed him.
But imagine that, begging, Dad, don't fucking draft me,
because then, you know, he'll have to hear about it every fucking game.
I respect the hell out of that.
Wasn't wrong.
And maybe there's the defenseman right there
that would have got him over the hump.
Hey-oh.
Whoa!
Not to mention, I mean, fucking 11 other teams passed on him, too.
Who did they draft?
Do you have that information?
Yeah, I got that fight right here.
It was Richard Panik they ended up taking instead of Tyson Barry.
I mean, not a plug.
No, not a plug.
He had a 469-game NHL career, eight seasons. I mean, he a plug. No, not a plug. I mean, he had a 469 game NHL career, eight seasons.
I mean, he only lasted two in Tampa, but you know, it's one of those maybe overrule your kid
because he's, you know, he still would have been a good asset. They could have always traded him.
They didn't have to necessarily keep him if they drafted him, you know. Listen, Tyson's my buddy,
but great player, horrible scout. Can't be listening to this guy. Clearly cannot evaluate
talent. So that's a tough one for Tampa Bay Lightning.
Let's see.
What else we got?
Oh, yeah.
NHL players.
This is from Pierre Lebrun.
NHL players have deferred their decision on the last paycheck until May 15th.
The sense is this will allow more time for the NHL and NHLPA to figure out
if there will be games this season.
Players have been debating whether to forego some or all of the last paycheck to help with escrow.
Just sorry we're keeping tabs on,
so we like to keep everybody up to date on it.
And, you know, boys, with all the uncertainty in the world,
feeling safe at home has never been more important.
That's why I want to talk to you about SimpliSafe Home Security.
They're longtime friends of spit and chiclets, and for good reason.
SimpliSafe has made it easy to finally get comprehensive protection for your home. There's no technician or salesperson that needs to come out and disrupt
your house. You don't need to pay any outrageous monthly fees or sign a two-year deal. You just
order online, set it up yourself in under an hour, and your home is protected 24-7 with emergency
dispatch for break-ins, fire, and more. All for just 50 cents a day. And we're not the only fans
of Simply Safe. U.S. News and World Report named Simply Safe the best overall home security of 2020. and more, all for just 50 cents a day. And we're not the only fans of SimpliSafe.
U.S. News  World Report named SimpliSafe the best overall home security of 2020.
So right now, when you head to simplisafe.com slash chicklets,
our listeners will get free shipping and a 60-day risk-free trial.
That's SimpliSafe, that's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E dot com slash chicklets to make sure they know that we sent you.
From SimpliS safe and all of us
here chicklets wishing you safety and good health um i'm not sure if you caught uh comments from a
former owner of the sabers larry quinn he owned the sabers i think two owners back and he said
he's always kept his mouth about quiet kept his mouth quiet about owners who followed him he didn't
want to be one of those guys second guessing well he did this time this time. He shit all over the Pagulis basically.
And we're just sending the quotes here.
We're not saying we agree or disagree.
He said they basically laid off three people who have been there for over 30 years.
He says, quote, the way they've been treated, you don't take a 32-year employee and say goodbye and give them two weeks of health insurance, not in the middle of a pandemic.
You just don't do that.
I don't get it.
There's something wrong.
I don't know what it is.
I know there's challenges in all of business. I understand people have to make tough choices,
but you treat people well that have worked for you for a long time. If you've got a pot ways,
I just don't get it. Treat them right. And this is not right. It's just, like I said,
it's very unusual for a prior owner to come out and shit on other owners. And I think conversely,
we also have to mention Ted Leonsis on the opposite end.
He said he's committed to paying his 1500 part-time employees through
April.
His quote,
I felt that it was the right thing to do to pay our part-time employees
that signed up to work in March and April.
He estimated the payments at 1.2 million.
And this is very important.
He said,
it's not in advance to them when they come back,
they'll sign up to staff the new games and we'll pay them from there.
So remember I talked to you before about these guys, these
billionaires worried about players, people double
dipping on them. Leonis is saying, look, this
is just whatever. If I spend it and
they work the games. Wow.
That's a nice gesture. It just gives you
the interesting dichotomy
and ownership in this league. What did Leonis
make his money from? Do you know?
AOL, right? AOL.
Really? Yeah. I think that was, right? AOL. Really?
Yeah, I think that was the one. Good job. I mean, he seems like seeing how despised John Henry is in Boston,
he seems like an owner who's loved, right?
I mean, I think it seems like Capitals fans absolutely love that guy
being the owner of their team.
Yeah, he's committed to winning, and he seems like, you know,
for a guy with that much money, like a genuinely good person.
And I've had Sabres fans tagging me for quite a while about the Pagulias.
They, you know, laid off people very early too,
and their fans aren't too happy with them.
So, yeah, like I said, we're not taking sides.
We're passing it along.
And speaking of passing along, I think we should probably pass it along
to Brandon Pruss for that interview right about now, boys, eh?
Yeah, I mean, I was just going to touch on the Pagoula situation.
When they first came into the picture, especially with the Sabres, they were loved
because they were committing all this money to spending on more free agency,
and the teams were, you know, assumed to be getting better.
So, holy shit, what a 180.
I don't have any opinion on it because I haven't read anything on it other than hearing from the prior owner shitting on him,
and of course by his actions.
But geez, that's not a fan base you want to fuck with, I'll tell you that.
Yeah, one other quote from Larry Quinn.
He says, I don't want this to be an attack on the Pagulias.
I'm trying to defend really, really good people
that I just think have been wrong.
So, I mean, you know, I guess it's tough to defend them.
Well, so how long ago did the Pagoulas buy the team?
Roughly, let's say 10 years?
I would say less than 10.
Okay, so that means those 32-year employees,
that guy had them for 22 years, right?
I mean, those people mean a lot to him,
and they got to keep their jobs even when he left.
That was probably part of the deal, right?
Hey, if you buy the team, these people are staying staying and then he sees these people that meant a lot now the other side of the
coin is mind your own business so it just sucks to see because all it is is a story of people
losing their jobs like you keep hearing around uh all around the country it's horrible yeah it's not
good so all right well let's sign let do it for a few laughs after those stories.
So that's why we're going to send it over to Brandon Prust
in this highly entertaining interview.
Well, our next guest is one of the tougher customers of his generation,
sort of the last heir of the Enforce, you might say.
He plied a straight most famously for the Rangers and Canadians
while playing in 486 NHL games and racking up over 1,000 penalty minutes.
On Twitter, he's certainly not shy about sharing his thoughts,
so I don't imagine he'll be too shy here either.
Welcome to the Spitting Chicklets podcast, Brandon Preston.
Thanks for having me, boys.
Excited to be on.
You are a bit of a savage on social media.
Well, sometimes you just like to stir the pot
and then just sit back and watch everybody go nuts.
I respect that, actually.
I enjoy that part of it.
Maybe you don't even need to read the replies,
but you just know there's a fire.
Especially with Toronto fans.
And I grew up a Toronto fan, so I know what it's all about.
But sometimes you just make that one comment,
and then you just see the shit show happen, right?
You got like Sean Avery teeth.
Those are fucking nice, eh?
I just got them after I retired, bud.
A little present to myself.
You deserve it.
I lost the one, and it started turning black a little bit.
That's tough.
I had to get a whole new grill.
Poop tooth, no good.
Gravy tooth.
Did you ever make a formal retirement announcement or it just kind of happened?
Yeah, I just, yeah.
I should have a party though.
Any excuse to have a party?
Oh, yeah, like you haven't been fucking partying since you retired.
You haven't stopped. partying since you retired. You haven't stopped.
You've had 73 retirement parties.
Get that NHLPA tweet.
What are you doing now?
So when I first retired, I was helping out with the Knights a bit,
and they work way too hard, so I was like, yeah, I don't know about that.
So then I joined on with Navigator Financial.
They took care of my finances when I played
and just kind of took over the player side of things
and getting some business owners in and stuff.
So that's been really good and fun learning that business.
And then I'm working with my old agent, Rich Winter, now,
and trying to get  I mean, when I played, I always wanted to
I always thought maybe I'd be in, again, the agent side of things after hockey because I always wanted to take care of the players. Yeah. And I always thought maybe I'd be in the agent side of things after hockey
because I always wanted to take care of the players.
I always thought agents could do a better job.
I'm starting to get involved with that.
When you sign a contract, you don't really hear from your agent for probably a couple of years.
Yeah, you're like, wait, where are you?
Do you find yourself getting competitive and hungry in this profession or the two, I guess, kind of like you did when you were playing?
Yeah, I think that's  especially with the  I found when I first retired,
I didn't really  I was just maybe in a
And you had some money, man.
Yeah, so I was just golfing, and now I've kind of got to the point
where I'm like I've got to find another passion.
So these two things are really kind of the next phase for me,
next chapter, so I'm looking forward to it.
Do you ever  oh, sorry, Buzz.
Well, I was just going to say,
how do you think overall you adapted from retiring
into now post-career life?
The first year is a tough adaption, right?
You're not really  I mean, I stopped working out.
To get me out of bed before 11 was tough for the you know first year i was like didn't really have much to do
so um but you know eventually it clicks in you're like all right let's go let's start this next
chapter because no one's really prepared you know i wasn't sure it kind of just happened right i
thought at 28 i was like i'm gonna retire when i'm 38 but then it's you know 33 and you know like
okay i gotta figure a lot of life so it I'm 38. But then it's, you know, 33. And, you know, like, okay, I got to figure stuff out.
So it happens quick.
It happens quick.
And it's an adjustment for everybody, any athlete, right?
Yeah, that's funny.
Yeah, so now everything's good.
But for sure, that first year is a big adjustment.
Was there a specific reason why you ended up retiring?
It was injuries?
It was, yeah, it was my my shoulders still you know i'm
gonna need to need it replaced in probably 10 years so it's it's mess but i i could have went
back over europe but uh you know i had fun in germany my last year and um it was it was a cool
experience but i for me i was just i was i was done i was i was toast so was it tough finding
willing customers in germany A lot of scraps there?
Well, yeah, it was tough.
So there was a guy over there, David Wolf, in Germany, and he was terrorizing this league, I guess, for a couple years.
And so I didn't really think anything of it.
But bullying guys, tough as nails, right?
So we end up playing them one game.
We're up 4-1, and he comes after me.
And I'm like, yeah. He he goes did you hit my goalie and i was like no but do you want to go and he dropped our miss and
i absolutely just shit pumped him like one of one of the biggest shit kickings i've ever given you
shit kicked me before too and we'll get to that later you motherfucker so now they're like the
word spreads around germany like oh my god this guy that's been bullying and terrorizing our league.
And then I come in and I just like literally wipe this guy all over the ice.
Like he didn't know where he was.
So after that, for sure, it was tough getting him.
You had to go over there.
I would think and think, all right, well, man, I get to play a little bit of a skill role because you actually had that side a lot.
And you're saying, all right, I'm done with the fight.
I don't need to do this anymore.
But someone like that, like, fuck you.
And you're still fighting still gives you extra space to and respect.
So I always wanted to play that.
It is a different game over there.
But Germany is a very North American style over there where the way they're structured.
Well, there's a lot of imports.
You would be. And there's a lot of imports. You would be tweeting. And there's a lot of imports,
right? You would be tweeting out your
disgust for the officiating over there.
Oh, yeah. You said it was atrocious.
Oh, my God. So embarrassing. Like, how
much worse than North America?
I was having dreams of, like, killing refs.
I'd wake up, like, in my dream.
In my dream, I just
stabbed a ref or something like that.
It was that bad. Yeah, shit, okay.
So we might have to delete that.
Okay, we might just
No, no.
No, that is not getting deleted.
No, no.
It was just a dream.
By the time this interview comes out, maybe that line has changed, right?
One penalty call.
It was the very first game of the playoffs, and Dave Steckel was my line mate,
and he looks at me and he goes, there's no pucks the first period today like we're not looking for pucks we're looking for bodies
so first shift puck goes in the corner and this d-man loses an escape but I'm already
on his ass I'm ready to hammer him so I I hit him he drops like a you know sack of potatoes and he's
down refs call penalty like it wasn't even that bad. We wouldn't have been called over here in North America.
The puck goes over.
Stack runs that D.
The ref calls.
Two boarding penalties.
Same play.
Five on three for them to start the game.
Two minutes.
We're down.
Five on three.
They score.
Two goals.
We're down two nothings.
Start the playoff series.
That's the best.
I am losing.
Yeah, we did that.
But they were literally, none of those boarding calls would have been called over here like they were fine heads and and and was the team and coach
okay with you playing physical like that or were they like hey you gotta dial it back here be more
disciplined well yeah after that like they were showing so you guys and i got and i got in a fight
with the coach he was do you think that's not a penalty no no chance that's a penalty he's like
that's a penalty over here.
I was like, okay,
well I guess I'm just...
Well, I gotta change my game.
Yeah, yeah.
But it was already playoffs.
Yeah, yeah.
It's funny.
I was over there
and you do...
I really did enjoy it.
I was in Russia,
but you do enjoy it.
But after playing in the NHL
and you have a little money,
it's hard to just get the drive
to go do it.
And especially going over there August 1st.
I don't know.
It's really hard and it takes a lot for those guys
to be making a living over there.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, in Russia, these guys are leaving.
I didn't do training camp though.
You guys are going over in July, right?
You got to fly over there?
They went over July 5th.
Dude, you're at the lake.
See you, bud.
Safe flight.
Oh, my God. Okay, so we got to talk about your time in London. Okay. oh my dude you're at the you're at the lake like see you bud no safe flight oh my god um
okay so we got to talk about your time in london okay yeah right or do you want to even go before
that where did you grow up plan i grew up in london so um i grew up in london but i was always
just kind of for city hockey i never played triple a when i went to when it was my draft
year to the ohl i play i tried out for AAA, but I got cut, first cut.
So I played AA.
And I ended up lighting up the league.
Played AAA the next year.
And then the very last game of the season,
we're playing in Kitchener.
And they were way better than us.
We knew it was playoffs, we were going to lose.
And the Zamboni dies on the ice and burns a hole in the ice.
So the game has to be played back in London the next night.
And the Junior B coaches came to that game game so that game shouldn't even have happened but i got scouted
to go play junior b oh my god just because the zamboni died that's a great story so then i i
get invited to night's camp but i'm thinking i want to get a scholarship so i i deny playing
a exhibition game because as soon as you play an exhibition game your uh eligibility is done and
you never drafted in the i was never drafted so i'm i'm 17 I'm like I don't think I'm gonna make the
nights I'm just gonna play junior b so I play a year junior b and I'm after that I had a good
year but the scholarship thing I was like this is a little overrated I want to play for the nights
don't get a call all summer I'm waiting for the nights to call me to come to camp
week before camp my dad's golfing Dale Hunter hits his ball over my dad's fairway my dad says
dale you got brandon's been waiting for you guys to call him he goes well we thought he was going
scholarship and my dad's like no he wants to play for you guys i gotta call an hour later at camp
a week later made the team yeah all these random events just directed you yeah and then played
and then played all those random events led to my broken fucking nose. That's amazing.
I'd have to make sure I call the hunters and thank them.
A little camouflage.
I mean, man, it must have been a dream playing in your hometown
in what was like an NHL arena.
Yeah, that was the first year that Barn opened.
That was my first year.
So downtown, we were sold out.
I had all my friends and family there, like, every game, right?
Dude, you were in the NHL.
Yeah, yeah.
And, yeah, three years there.
And then the Memorial Cup year when there was the NHL lockout.
And we had Sidney Crosby, Rimouski, playing them in the finals.
Yeah, you guys were an absolute force.
Was that 0-4-0-5?
Yep, yep. So, 59 59 7 and 2 in the regular
season and the last two games we basically forfeited we sat everybody the last two games
we were we should have won what was it 59 7 we should have been 61 7 the last two games 5 and 2
you're saying you should have been yeah we should have had only five losses the last two games we
didn't play anybody we like called up our junior B team. Let's talk about some of these personalities.
I got a bunch of questions.
I mean, you played with Corey Perry in Junior.
Yeah.
What was he like in Junior?
Oh, I mean, Corey Perry is one of my best buddies.
So, I mean, you know, he's...
He's the worm, right?
We call him worm.
We call him worm.
That's exactly what he is, right?
Worm.
So, I mean, yeah, still one of my best buddies. And we've done lots of lots of golfing together lots of uh you know nights out
together and work i trained with cory so cory was sometimes he was so good at hockey like his
training didn't have to be like my training so we'd be in the middle of a workout every one time
we're doing hill sprints and after about four pairs just i'm i'm going home and he'd just walk off and meet a trader he'd be like well he's the best in the league go ahead go have some lunch
go go for now so you're someone you've seen it from 16 years old when he like went on that tear
that year for for years i guess but that one year he got mvp you weren't even surprised no no we we
knew it eventually happened and we all went to Vegas with him when he won the title.
What a night that must have been.
The worm must have been greasing, just greasing around the bar,
just like slithering around.
Yeah, we had a couple good nights in Vegas.
Yeah, it was fun.
What was our plan for Dale Hunter like?
I know he was a fiery guy.
He was well-known for taking a liberty of two in the ice,
but what was he like as a coach?
Yeah, he's actually more, he's pretty reserved and more quiet,
I think, as a coach, and just all about teaching.
You know, they teach these guys, you know, to become men, right?
They get boys, and they turn them into men.
They turn them into pros.
And I remember when I first started working with him,
Dylan and Rick were doing all all the most of the video dale
would do the odd video but you know power play penalty kill and i was like dale you don't you're
not doing video anyway because trusty they get tired of my voice they need a new voice and and
that's so true right how how fast do you get tired of your in the nhl like after a few years in the
nhl you're tired of your coach's voice so junior's good right the turnover and everything but dale
knows how every how everybody.
Yeah, I guess I never thought about it like that.
He's looking at it as a marathon, not a sprint.
Yeah, he just knows.
He wants to keep the boys happy, keep them on their toes.
Keep it fresh a little bit.
You hear that, you keep it fresh, yeah.
I will say, though, he does have that look and established,
because he is established.
Whereas I would imagine these younger kids coming in
don't want to push his buttons.
You're going to do as he says, and he will not be challenged.
So there's a barking order.
Yeah.
They know he has the respect.
Everybody comes in.
They know.
I mean, that's why guys go there.
They know that Dale's going to teach you how to be a pro, right?
And that's what they want.
He did the one year in D.C., and then he went right back to London.
Do you think he just missed the atmosphere, what he was doing doing and didn't want to bother with the egos yeah the grass
isn't always greener on the other side yeah you know he doesn't have to deal with the egos he's
dealing with kids that listen to him and he doesn't have to deal with someone controlling
him maybe management or something yeah i'm pretty sure that's that's kind of why he he's got a good
thing going on in london and uh he loves. That's his home, and everything's good.
When you were growing up, what was the vibe around the London Knights?
Now it's just this dominant, probably the most valuable junior hockey franchise in Canada.
Was it always a successful team, or were there times it was like,
oh, man, the Knights are kind of struggling?
Well, yeah, I grew up watching the Knights in the 90s,
and they had good teams.
Sorry, who were the players that made it to the NHL people would know that you watched?
Well, I was watching Louis Dabrowski, I remember,
was just a killer.
And I was watching Trevor Dam and Stajahar
and all those guys.
Rico Fata was a London Knight there.
So I played one game in the old barn.
Did you?
Yeah.
And it was against Rick Nash when he was playing for the London Knights.
He must have just lit.
It was very special.
It lit up the old.
It was cool.
And it was a different barn.
And then the next year, I think he was gone.
It might have been his last year.
That's when I made the team was because Rick made the NHL.
But then all of a sudden, for the first time,
you were really getting the feel of like, oh, my God,
I'm on the center stage of hockey tonight.
When you played Saturday night, the London Knights,
that's hockey night in Canada for Junior.
Yeah, what a feeling.
It was unreal.
And then I would go minus four, and I would get beat up,
and then I would get back on the bus and eat my soggy sub.
You beat me up the first fight in London,
and then I was kind of more prepared the second one.
And I actually watched the fight not too long ago,
and I just caught you with the first punch I threw,
caught you right in the schnoz,
and then the second one caught you right in the schnoz again.
I'm like, oh, he's got me in one of the schnoz and then the second one caught you right in the schnoz again i'm like i'm like oh he's got me in one of the schnoz there's no way he's gonna get you put it back in place another time too we fought in saginaw is i threw my gloves and
stick down and i was looking at the ice when doing it and this guy pounced on me and then
broke my fucking nose again. Really?
Yes.
I don't even remember that.
Yeah, yeah.
It happened in Saginaw.
You only remember the losses.
We fought three times, I believe.
We fought one in the NHL in Calgary.
Didn't we fight in Calgary when you were in Phoenix down by the net?
Yeah, that might have happened as well.
I'm pretty sure we fought in Calgary.
And you were with Phoenix.
Okay, well, now that we're in the NHL world,
let's talk about your experiences wherever you played.
I mean, New York must have been fucking nuts.
And you were single at the time, correct?
Yeah, I was.
That's all I need to hear. Yeah, well, that was a very, yeah, getting to New York.
Torts, right?
Pardon? Torts was there. Torts, right? Pardon?
Torts was there?
Torts, yeah.
So, yeah, I got traded there kind of halfway through the season.
And I got to New York, and it's just like I never, my eyes,
it just went from not knowing much to going, wow, this is a whole new world.
Right?
So we're at, even when you're going.
And you're a mover and shaker.
So you're exchanging numbers when you're going. And you're a mover and shaker. So you're exchanging numbers.
You're enjoying yourself.
What's the line they use in Dumb and Dumber?
You're getting involved in the social pipeline.
Yeah, I was.
Well, actually, it's funny.
The very first girl I met in New York was,
did you ever watch that movie, Molly's Game?
Yeah.
Molly Bloom.
That was the very first girl that I met in New York.
And I was with her for that season and lived through all that.
Oh, shit.
You were dating her?
Well, I wasn't dating her.
You were hanging out.
Oh, she had some illness?
No, she had the poker game.
No, she ran the biggest poker game in the world.
The biggest poker game.
They made a movie about it.
She had all the...
What's the name?
The redhead.
Leo was sitting at the tables.
You never saw that movie.
God, that one went right over me.
I think we're going to have to cut that one out.
No, it's a good movie.
It's a good movie.
You got to watch it.
Jessica Chastain.
Exactly, yeah.
So we go to this bar called Butter.
It's only open on Mondays.
And there's everybody, the who's who.
Like, Bill Murray's right next to you.
It's just total chaos. And I just get here. i'm there like a week and i see this girl she's sitting at
uh she's sitting at um you know her booth and she's got like four girls dancing around or five
girls and i'm like what is this girl's deal she's just chilling like a boss lady so i go over i
start chatting her up for like half hour and then the bill comes it's like four grand and she just
pays in cash and i'm like what is this girl's deal?
Who is this?
I'm like, dude, my fucking dick is hard.
Yo, give me the lotion, G.
Give me the lotion.
Yeah, so I took her out on a date like the next week,
and then I guess I still stay in touch with her,
but I lived through that whole movie with her.
I remember texting her and her being like, yeah, I just got beat up.
Some guy was waiting for me in my apartment.
How long were you waiting before she told you about like i'm involved with this world oh
he went to a game that night right away yeah i found out i think the first date i found out
what she was doing me and gabbert were thinking about going to she had a ten thousand dollar
buy-in game one night and she's like do you and a buddy want to come i'm like so i'm gonna text
gabby i'm like you want to go i'm like we got practice at 11 we're not gonna sleep i'm like and we ended up not going but we were like this
close i i think in the movie they the the celebrity was like toby mcguire this guy was just a prick
you guys see this movie biz you're pretty good that's crazy i like that i like that story she
was an olympic skier right left out of the the conversation. Her brother's a gold, I think he was a gold medalist.
And he was a wide receiver in the NFL.
Like a family, a freak of athletes.
So those games were, I mean,
people were exchanging millions, right?
You guys were dating?
No, we weren't dating.
They were just having fun.
She was in the rotation.
He's getting some at-bats.
But the thing is,
people are like,
oh, that's something we're going to say
It's like fuck you
They got a rotation too bitch
Yeah
Yeah
Fucking two way street
We all got rotations
Yeah so
Yeah it was
New York
That was New York
New York was awesome
What about hockey
Hockey wise
What was the team
What was the highest
Or the furthest you guys made it
When you were in New York
We made it to the conference in your new york uh we
made it to the conference finals we lost to uh jersey in the conference finals and then they
went on to play the kings kings right kings yes yeah yeah what was torts like we always i love
torts he was my favorite coach love me came in gave me the opportunity i went with it killing
penalties with yeah yeah i had five five or six shorties the one year.
You had your best years of your entire career.
You were at the top of your game with Torts
because you just felt that he knew that you would run through a wall for him,
and he reciprocated it by helping you grow your game
and giving you that confidence.
Yeah, yeah.
Torts is all passion as a coach.
He was my favorite coach.
He just wore his heart on his sleeve.
He was brutally honest.
He didn't care if you made 8 million or you made 1 million.
He's going to treat you all the same,
and all he wants is you to work hard for him
and run through a wall.
You are blocking shots.
That was the thing.
He's like, I don't care.
We are blocking shots.
Every one of you are blocking shots.
There was no question.
You wouldn't play.
This one would put it on video and be like, what the fuck?
Were you trying to block the shot or were you pretending to block the shot?
And the guy would be like, pretending.
Because the videos don't lie on those.
My flamingos on video were pink.
You still pulling that shit?
I hope so. I hope so so if people are getting soft i
know the new nobody likes to be yelled at anymore but i bet you he is i can hope so so you're you're
probably not surprised with the success he's had with this columbus team who is clearly over
achieving at this point i feel like he's probably at his best when he has a bunch of underdogs yeah
guys that are he's giving guys a chance they know chance. They know they're a gritty team.
Look what they did to Tampa in the playoffs last year.
He just said, boys, this team hasn't played along the walls all season.
We are going to push them to the walls, and we're going to beat them.
And that's what they did.
You mentioned Gabrick.
I've just heard some legendary stories about this guy.
And him and Torres had a love-hate.
You must remember times of him being just like, this's all over me oh fuck yeah him and they had a love hate uh
near the end it was more just hate so but i remember torts would go uh like gabby i remember
was in the in the medical room getting something done and torts went after him and and we could
hear from the dressing room which is you know 20 yards away
and we can hear them just fuck you and each other screaming just screaming at it but torch also
loves that too he like give a you know take it back he respects when when you're back right at
it in his face on most defending yourself defending yourself or yeah whatever so they definitely
butted heads a bit so but gab, like kind of an underrated superstar.
I mean, when he was on.
Oh, yeah.
When he was on, when he was flying,
when he had some injuries that were always kind of lingering.
Like groin stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
He was like a high-end Ferrari that just kept having to be tuned up all the time.
Yeah, yeah.
I remember when he's in, you know, those guys are just in,
you see them, they're just in the zone.
If he was in the zone, he was unstoppable.
It was crazy.
Yeah.
Because he was so much faster too.
Yeah, yeah.
He was, I mean, I don't think, I mean,
is McDavid a fair comparison when he was at the top top?
Because he was able to just go anywhere physically.
He was like Beret when he got to the top.
And he had the hands to match.
But they totally look different.
But they're both effortless.
I don't know.
It's hard to explain.
Gabby was so effortless.
He was just gone.
It didn't even look like he was digging in on the ice.
He was just gliding on top of it.
And he had that quick shot that he wouldn't even pull the puck back.
He'd just go like that.
And the goalie didn't even know it was coming.
I don't know if you remember the game. Edmonton new york it was a matinee you guys pounded us like
7-1 gabrick yes gabrick got a breakaway and jason strudwick was was chasing strutty's hilarious and
strutty's just bent over you know like he's at the end of his career and doesn't skate nearly
as well as gabby and gabrick is just bursting away
from him just gaining gaining distance with the puck and then he buried it it was six nothing that
stupid song and on the way on the way home strut he's like dude i could have skied i could have
been chasing him to china and there was zero chance i was ever going to catch him like it was
just the most obvious mismatch and i remember remember that team was good. That was hard to play against.
That's when Avery drilled
Ladislav Smeed, my boy.
He kind of quick hit him.
Did you jump him when he was going off the ice?
No, I kind of went after him, but Stortini pretty much
got in there.
Stortini came and grabbed me. I ended up going with
Stortini.
I was just pretending like, yeah, come on, Avery.
You play with apes.
I play with apes. He's come on the podcast he's just a very interesting individual
um i love i loved apes and um especially one on one on one apes was uh such a great guy yeah
apes had i remember one time when i first got there, and this is when I started learning about fashion, was when I kind of got to New York.
And I had a suit on, and Abe was like, it's a nice suit.
I was like, well, what is that?
And he opens it up, and it's, oh, my God, my mom got it for Christmas.
It's a Moors.
And he's like, what the fuck?
He's like, I tricked you, didn't I?
He's like, you're wearing a Moors suit.
He's like, your mom's not buying you any more suits. You're getting custom-made for the rest of your career. I'm like, I tricked you, didn't I? He's like, you're wearing a more suit. He's like, your mom's not buying you any more suits.
You're getting custom made for the rest of your career.
I'm like, okay, deal.
So I never ever bought another.
Yeah, he taught you.
How nice was it getting your first one?
Did he line you up with a suit?
Yeah, the team was Joseph Abood.
The team lined us up with Joseph Abood in New York,
and they made us some custom suits.
What's a nice custom suit cost at that time for our listeners?
I think at that, well, those were free.
The team got us a deal.
They were free.
Really?
That's the perk about being a Reigns.
You guys got so much.
You got whatever you wanted.
You go to the best restaurants,
or you try to make a reservation.
People are waiting. People go to New York restaurants and or you try to make a reservation you know people are waiting people go to new york there there's two month there's two month waiting list
so you just call your you know pr person and she calls restaurants as a new york ranger wants to
come in for dinner all right you're all set up like anywhere you want to go oh my parents are
coming to town cars picking them up at the airport right like it's just first class first class the
way they they treat you want tickets to a
next game you're front not really no thanks yeah yeah well yeah yeah no yours dialed in it's more
of a pussy flare all right they don't give a shit that the team stinks yeah exactly you got models
down a few instagram notches lebron instagram wasn't big back then i don't know if you'd even
i know i was just referring it to the 10. Dude, these freaking...
I wouldn't want to sit down near courtside right now
just for the simple fact of like...
I'm actually there to watch the game if I'm going.
It's more of a fashion.
You're there to watch the game?
What are you talking about?
You don't think you'd be in the mix?
You're going to have your best shoes on?
Because you know when you're courtside, you've got to have your best shoes on because you know when you're courtside you gotta have your good shoes on i mean i used to be involved like that or i
was fucking like trying to get the cheerleaders number and shit yeah getting those palms now
you're the silent one in the areas you're right it used to be way more loud wherever we went
that's what i'm saying uh i'm growing up prusty
is it nice to see you're growing up you know it is good to see it's good to see but i mean off air
i'm going to tell you to know but right now it's uh um so you you had the success in new york and
that's probably what led to getting your payday in montreal yeah yeah i had two my two three good
good years in in new york and then I was a free agent.
Fuck, dude, that's a nice deal, man.
Yeah, it was good.
Four years, ten, so it was pretty.
What was it like going from, sorry, Biz.
No, go ahead.
The world's most famous arena, MSG.
You go in there playing, fighting for the Rangers.
Now all of a sudden you're in fucking Montreal, the Mecca.
I know we're in Toronto, but I'm sure they're a better resume.
It was amazing.
One, I grew up a Leafs fan, so I had to ask my dad,
Dad, is it okay if I sign?
No shit.
The Habs came to my, at noon on July 1st,
the Habs were knocking on Michelle Terry,
and it was there.
Brought a bag, had a press jersey all made.
Gives it to my dad, and my dad just kind of held it up
like it was, you know.
I hadn't signed yet.
He just goes, you know, and he hung it over the chair.
He's like, he hasn't signed yet.
This is just a meeting.
So eventually, a couple hours later, after I took kind of all the calls and offers and stuff,
I asked my dad, I'm like, Dad, do you mind?
And he said, you do whatever you got to do.
What was the next best offer?
They were all around that.
I was going to ask about that day.
It was July 1st, your UFA.
And Torts was calling me, being like, please sign.
I'm like, just tell them to give me four years.
They were lowballing me, but I would have taken less.
You wanted the years.
I wanted four, and I wanted at least give me over two, two, three maybe.
So you would have took 800,000 less to stay in New York.
Yeah, I wanted to stay in New York, but I also wanted to.
I thought Montreal was pretty cool.
You're like, I still got a lot of models to fuck.
Come on, just get up to 2.3, man.
Come on.
I got to be able to afford to take them out.
Yeah, they're expensive.
Fuck.
Yeah.
So at the end of the day, it was tough leaving.
It was tough leaving New York because I loved it.
So that day, you're on the phone all day, I'm guessing.
And then at some point, your agent says, you got to pick right now.
Yeah.
And that's the moment when it probably just felt so real.
Yeah.
And then I had so much happiness that I signed,
but I had so much sadness that I was leaving New York.
I've never had that feeling before where I'm like,
I just signed the best contract in my life.
I'm going to Montreal.
But I was so sad.
It was hard.
So it was like half of me was just crying inside
and the other half was...
You probably had to talk to every single one of those guys.
Like, hey, man, it was nothing personal.
And they understand.
Yeah, guys understand. And Torts called me after when i signed he goes good luck buddy you know and i was like all right thanks torts thanks
well you started thinking well i'm not gonna say you did but i would think you'd start thinking man
like well what if this place i don't have the same role you start thinking oh my but they just
signed you such a big deal you had had to be confident in what they thought.
And Burrs even just told me, he said, do not change the way you play.
We signed you to play the way you play.
Don't think because we gave you this money you're a power play first liner, okay?
Yeah, exactly.
So it was straight up, hey, just keep playing that same style.
You're a Terrian style guy.
Yeah, and Terrian was a great coach too.
I loved him.
Well, I never said he was a bad coach. I said he tortured me, but he's a great coach too. I loved him. I've never said he was a bad coach.
I said he tortured me, but he's a good coach.
A guy like you would really
I'm the soft D-man.
I'm who he thrives to bury.
But a guy, you're physical, you're fighting.
He would love to coach you.
Yeah, we got along right away.
For sure, it's the same as Torts, right?
They want people that are going to go through the wall for them.
And if you're fighting and stuff, they love that.
It was easy for me to usually impress a coach
because you're just working your bag off, right?
Do you think that from the time that we had him
that Terrian had learned to ease off a bit
and maybe adapt a little bit more?
I think so, for sure.
I think coaches learn to adapt.
I think Torts has adapted too, right? In Vancouver, they couldn't take him yelling at him, right? a bit maybe adapt a little bit more for sure i think coaches learn to adapt i think torts is
adapted to right in vancouver they couldn't take him yelling at him right because they went from
kind of a softer coach and let him do their thing and then you got a military coach come in and
they're like no we're not cool with that so i think maybe he's changed a little bit but
he's definitely he's definitely still hard ass did you did you or at what point did you ever feel that maybe
because in because in new york they loved you you were that blue collar type guy right
was do you feel like there was ever any resentment from the montreal crowd that you
you were being overpaid like did you ever feel that type of pressure no not really because right
away i came in and started like really you know especially i was playing with Galchenyuk and Gallagher and protecting them.
Anybody touch them?
I was beating the shit out of the guy.
So these kids just had free reign.
Gally, I was getting fights all the time because he's just running into goalies.
I'm like, Gally, you know I'm the one fighting for you.
You're just a little rat.
Now I got to fight all the time.
And he's like, yeah, sorry, man.
Sorry.
He never changed, though.
And thank God because that's the way he's got to play, right? So, I mean, fans in Montreal, they love a hard worker, man. Sorry. He never changed, though. And thank God, because that's the way he's got to play, right?
So, I mean, fans in Montreal, they love a hard worker, too,
and someone that's going to stick up and wear the heart on your sleeve.
Well, the reason I ask is because recently there was that article
that came out about Lucic, and you got your payday, man.
You were one of those blue-collar type guys, and I'm not saying you were a scrub, but fuck, dude, you got your payday, man. Like, you were one of those blue-collar type guys.
And I'm not saying you were a scrub, but fuck, dude, you got a nice payday.
So I don't know if at any point you felt like you weren't living up to it
and maybe feeling the weight of the crowd on your shoulders.
But it's nice to hear that you didn't feel like that.
Yeah, I mean, sometimes you got to put the mask over your face
like you just robbed the bank.
Some games you run out of the rake.
Some days you run out of the rake. With an AK- like you just robbed the bank. Some games you run out of the rake. Some days you run out of the rake.
AK-47, you robbed the bank.
You've got to go in there with guns a-blazing.
That's what I did.
I want to ask about coaches who change or maybe don't change.
It wasn't a long time you were with them,
but you were under Iron Mike in Calgary.
What was that?
Did he like you?
Because the way you played, was he a head game on us?
You know what?
Iron was another coach that I think really changed from his younger days and he was more of a uh philosopher right he wasn't an x's and o's
guys he was like you know it was like you're in you're talking to your psychiatrist you know like
you just all kind of family and you know just making sure guys were feeling good and i don't
know i liked i liked iron mike and he liked me. It was my first year. I remember I fought Steve McIntyre.
Oh, you fought him?
That's a ballsy one.
Was that a square off?
No.
So we're in Edmonton.
That's a panic a little bit, right?
We're in Edmonton.
We're up 2-0.
This is basically my fourth game in the NHL, or full year, my first year.
So we're up 2-0.
So Goon lines out.
Stortini's trying to get me to fight.
I'm like, Stort's, we're up 2-0.
I can't fight.
You got to do something.
I can't just fight you right now.
So all of a sudden, I wish I did just fight.
It was now McIntyre's chasing down Dustin Boyd from the red line.
And we're all just like, oh, no.
Don't do it.
Boyder, just stop, man.
Just stop. And Boyder gets crushed. McIntyre is sideways on the board. line and we're all just like oh no don't do it boiter just fucking just stop man just stop and
boiter gets crushed mcintyre is sideways on the board like just clotheslines so i'm the first guy
in it's weird how everybody else saw it coming and just waited and waited waited back by the blue
lines i'm first one there gloves off and i have to fight the toughest killer in the league and uh
ended up doing doing really well like just made sure i
didn't get killed popped him with a couple and then uh but in the dressing room after the period
mike keaton came up and gave me a hug and then went back like he literally came and gave me a hug
and that's i was like that makes you feel pretty good yeah you deserve to feel after doing wow
that's a guy who doesn't show much emotion. No, I know. He usually makes other people want a psychiatrist.
Yeah, I know.
It was a pretty cool moment.
Steve McIntyre was the biggest killer.
I was with him in Edmonton.
If he would have been born in a prior era, he would have just beat everyone.
He's like the Moe Railroad from Game of Thrones.
Yeah, he was born like 200,000 years ago.
He would have been like, just fit right in.
He hit that Ivanis.
Are you chirping me, Prusty?
No, I'm just kidding.
He'd be throwing stones.
Yeah, well, he's just a monster, right?
William Wallace.
Yeah.
How old were you when you had your very first on-ice hockey fight?
Like, technically, when I first started with the knights i was crushing guys but i never fought
before so i i started uh fighting the tough guy and i realized i was gonna have to start sticking
up for myself because guys are gonna come after me and i started fighting chris bain was our tough
guy on the team and just started fighting him after practice just you know doing showing me
techniques and stuff then i just started fighting i think halfway
through the season my first year at the knights i just started fighting kind of middle middle
weights and i was just naturally good at fighting and you like you like you liked it too right huh
was it i'm somebody before the game you're panicking like biz had the anxiety yeah i did
but i was i i knew i was a smart enough fighter that I could protect myself.
I wasn't just standing in there chucking.
You know those fights where you see guys are just throwing back and forth?
They're like, oh, who won?
I'm like, they both lost.
They both lost.
My fights weren't like that.
I let the guy throw 30 punches, and maybe I'd throw seven,
but six of mine are going to connect, and they're going to miss.
You had long arms.
You were always able to.
I could never gauge how far I needed to keep him.
That's why he kept cranking me in the nose.
I was a fairly defensive fighter too.
But these guys who would go toe-to-toe,
I never understood it.
No, yeah, try and win the fight.
Who did you play with like that in London?
There was a guy who had, was it Thompson?
Oh, Kelly Thompson. Yeah, Kelly Thompson. He played, I played with him. He was kind of who had, was it Thompson? Oh, Kelly Thompson.
Yeah, Kelly Thompson.
He played, I played with him.
He was kind of like that, wasn't he?
Yeah, he was a brawler.
He was a brawler and, you know, back and forth, rights and lefts.
He didn't know where they were coming from.
You know, stocky, just pull guys around.
We kind of glanced over your old teammates too.
Like when you guys won the uh the memorial cup like danny
sivrat was on your team uh what other guys thought gerardi gerardi gerardi what was any
who controlled the locker room um i i think a little bit that's what made us so good everybody
we were just we were just one big happy family in there i mean dusting everyone you know it was yeah we had no we had no
they we could do really whatever we want every one time it was like a wednesday and we're all
lined up outside the bar but we're supposed to be home for curfew and the assistant coach calls
and he's like calls cory perry goes yeah and he's like uh cory what's up you're home in bed he's
like yep yeah everybody's home in bed he goes well i'm across the fucking street and you're home in bed he's like yep yeah everybody's home in bed he goes well i'm across the fucking street and you're on the line for the bar and he's like oh fucking and then he goes you guys just be
safe and he just hangs up the phone we were winning every game man we couldn't lose you
couldn't try to lose it was like i'm in bed and you're in the bathroom there's buses going by
oh my god that's just's just to be playing junior,
and that is just a full-blown dream season.
You were the Bulls.
Yeah, exactly.
The other crazy thing about Worm, as we didn't even talk about it,
is it'd probably be hard for you to decide
between the filthiest goal he scored
or the filthiest spear he had in the corner one game.
He would just pull it off both ways.
Was Robbie Schrempf on that team as well?
Yeah, Schrempf. Oh, my God. Was he ever fun to watch? Oh, yeah. Was both ways was robbie shrimp on that team oh yeah yeah oh my
god was he ever was a hunter on the team oh yeah was it what was a hunter on the team yeah dylan
dylan hunter yeah was was robbie shrimp the most skilled guy as far as hands were concerned you've
ever seen yeah and best like shy he could pick a corner like you he'd be this far from the goal
he'd be an inch from the goalie and still bar down. Yeah, he had just a crazy shot.
But the funny story, we had Dennis Weidman on the team,
and I remember one time coming in from intermission,
and Weidman and Schrempi getting a huge fight.
He's like, Schrempi, I know you can pass.
Pass it in my wheelhouse.
Schrempi on the power play was passing to Weidman in his feet
so that Weidman had to give it back to him
so he couldn't take
the fucking one timer
so Wides finally loses it
I know you can pass
in my wheelhouse
he's like yeah
we always miss the net
and then they're breaking out
that's smart
I'm going to get it back
from him
that's the petty games
the petty games
you're playing
on the power play
yeah
he always wanted
the puck back
I'm going to go back
to Montreal for a second.
You played with P.K. Subban for a few years.
Were you surprised that Montreal eventually traded him at all?
I mean, P.K. was loved in Montreal, and he was a great player.
And I love P.K.
I'd take him on my team any day.
So, I mean, I wasn't super  I wasn't sure if they were going to trade him or not.
It didn't really  something that you thought maybe  there was always rumors.
Well, that's true.
There was always something.
There was always rumors.
But, you know, when it happened, I think maybe I wasn't surprised.
But I do have a funny PK story you guys will like.
And like I said, love PK.
We take him on my team any day.
But he does stuff that would annoy people.
That's the only thing.
He does some dumb stuff.
So we're playing in Florida.
We're playing in Fort Lauderdale.
We're playing the Panthers.
We go Tampa and then the Panthers.
Then we're off for like
four days before our next game.
So we have a meeting in the dressing room.
PK comes in with
the other captain's assistants
and he sits down and goes, okay, boys, we just had a leadership
meeting. We're staying in Florida
two days after we play the
Panthers. We're going to team bonding.
This is so you have team
dinners and just just hang out we're
like awesome he's like nobody's going to miami we're not as we're not staying over to go to
miami all right we're staying together as a team in fort lauderdale all right awesome this is great
so the first night we're having dinner it's like the sunday night we played the monday
and we're having team dinner and i'm like where's pk you're like well take. And I'm like, where's PK? And they're like, well, take a guess. I'm like, no way. He went to Miami.
No, fine.
So whatever.
Just like, okay, he went to Miami tonight.
Not a big deal.
He's got friends in Miami.
Whatever.
So the next day, we go to the game.
We're sitting on the bus.
And I see PK's got a duffel bag.
I'm like, this motherfucker's got to change his clothes to go down to Miami.
I'm like, no.
I go, PK, what's in the bag?
It was all a couple bottles of wine from my friend. And I'm sure okay buddy so but we got a game to play so i don't
want to make a big deal about it we end up winning the game you know four one i think i scored a goal
so i was in a really good mood so right after you're in florida yeah yeah you're gonna fucking
crush her nice steak steak so uh i get undressed pretty quick and i go to the where the
our change room where you you know you hang your uh your suit and everything
and i go to subi's uh duffel bag sure enough he's got clothes to go to miami
after so i take his shoes and i throw him in a
cupboard like he's never gonna find these shoes again basically just saying
on behalf of me and the team we're just saying you fucked up we're throwing your shoes away and so sorry go ahead yeah so he doesn't he you know
he goes out that night and probably realizes he can't get his dress shoes off too it was a
barbados that i just threw out so uh for two weeks i hear him in the dressing room trying to find out
who took his shoes who took his shoes and nobody's telling him but i know one guy is a little shit
disturber on our team i'm not gonna say any names but i know he ratted on me
oh so last game of season in toronto i got my family there and everything we win and we win
in uh shootout we clinch first place in the conference everything's awesome what a season
i'm getting i'm getting changed and i i can't find my phone i'm like peak i go right to pk he's
down the hallway go to pk i'm checking patting him down he's like i don't have my phone. I'm like, PK. I go right to PK. He's down the hallway. Go to PK.
I'm checking, patting him down.
He's like, I don't have your phone.
I don't have your phone.
I'm like, Jesus.
So I look.
I'm looking around everywhere and can't find my phone.
My family's up there waiting for me.
And all of a sudden, the guy that works in the dressing room, the visiting team attendant, he goes, Presti.
He calls me over.
He goes, I saw PK put something in his sock.
I'm like, that mother.
So I run out, run to the stands stands and i pat him down to his sock and boom sure enough there's
my phone i'm like you mother you took my you took my phone he goes you took my shoes and we start
i'm like i didn't take your shoes and then our bus guy our team service guys like guys bus is
leaving i'm like waving see a family thanks for coming i'll you know talk to him i didn't even get to talk to my family i was looking for my phone so we're on
the way to the bus and uh and pk is chirping me and he's chirping our team service guy thinking
he told him and i'm like he didn't tell me i'm like the team uh the attendant guy told me so we
get on the bus and pk's still going at him like pk it's over i got my phone back you know i took
your shoes whatever it's over and he's like you weren't getting your phone back he was literally
going to take my phone and like throw it out like this is what hit was his he was so pissed that i
found my shoes and then he was no they were varvatos they're 500 shoes they're yeah so uh
but he wanted to take my phone and not not give it back basically and he's he's like you're lucky
you got your phone back he was gone i'm like if my phone wasn't back in my hands i would have knocked your head off yeah you're
and he goes oh yeah and he jumps out into the into the alleyway of the bus and i'm like oh my god pk's
coming to fight me so i stand up i stand up and he comes he's coming at me and i give him a shove
he goes back about three feet and then i'm cocked i'm like i'm gonna clock him we
just finished first in the call first he's a big guy though just finished first i'm not saying he
could beat you up guys just tell him like kind of give it a rest subhi you know he took your shoes
whatever he got his phone back he got his phone back so he caught you yeah yeah so i'm cocked
ready and all of a sudden everybody on the bus just jumps on us like i
remember our team service guy he's got my arm but i was literally the game was coming back
that's a phenomenal story but like now if you saw him you guys oh yeah that's just stuff that
happens enough yeah how many guys you know you fight and practice all the time like yeah like
you just drive each other nuts you just yeah eventually after and that was the our third
year together so eventually he's a chirpy guy too you like to chirp a lot but you
got your message across hey man you you told us we were staying here and you ended up going to
fucking miami so you said the message yeah that me throwing his shoes away was on behalf of me
and the team it wasn't just me you're the one who brought up no miami yeah you're the one talking
about ask him hey what what are we dealing with here who
are you going to see that's so special if i could see a photo i could maybe be like all right you
know i gotta know if it's if it's legit here and then i remember getting a call from my agent um
like two days later and he's he's like just you know just apologize and i was like i'm not
apologizing i'm not and we did we didn't talk the rest of the playoffs only when we was a face-off
play and we had to strategize we were talking oh wow i mean because i wasn't i didn't i just
didn't want i was my agents like just apologize i'm apologized for what he lied to our team i'm
not apologizing i'm not i chucked his shoes in the trash and then i and then i was traded that summer
maybe i should apologize what's the story when you broke your jaw oh um that was cam
jansen in st louis and this was my first year this is my first full year in the nhl so um i'm
dumping the puck into the blue line and going to change and janet comes right across and he would
have got 10 games today like it just blindsided me, all head.
My jaw is broken in half.
It's not connected.
I'm holding my face together.
It's not connected.
So I go straight into the back.
I get off the ice.
I just go straight to the back dressing room.
And the doctors are trying to come and look at me.
And I'm like, my jaw is broken.
Get away from me.
My jaw is broken. Get away from me. I can't speak. I'm like, my jaw is broken. Get away from me. My jaw is broken.
Get away from me.
Can't speak.
I'm like, I'm turning white.
Give me the hospital.
So yeah, I go to the hospital.
The team is going from St. Louis out east.
So I have to stay over in St. Louis.
They gave me like three Vicodin.
And I took that night.
So the next day, I'm flying home, commercial, connecting flight in Denver.
It's still broken.
I fly to Denver, then fly back to Calgary, holding my face together for 24 hours.
My face was swollen out to here.
I couldn't swallow.
I couldn't move.
Oh, my God.
Dude, did you have help getting through the airport?
Are you carrying a-
By myself.
Dude.
By myself.
Just holding my face together.
That makes it seem like the Stone Age.
Yeah.
That was going on when we were playing.
And you weren't sitting first class.
No.
Connecting flight. Connecting flight. And I'm just just sitting like did he get sussied for it or was not even
a penalty they didn't even have sense yeah yeah yeah he called me and apologized actually i got
a call a couple days later was it one of those when it was just a blind side i i haven't even
i saw the replay once like for nowadays if that happened now he'd be 10 for sure but i was gonna say it
was easily fucking raffy torres got 41 yeah was it pre-season yeah so just see did they have to
wire your jaw shot i had i had more elastics that i could take it out because it was down here so i
got a plate here and screws here and but just the worst day i'm having so much pain holding your
face together and it was swollen out to here people were just looking worst day i'm out of so much pain holding your face together and it
was swollen out to here people were just looking at me like what is wrong with this guy dude i mean
you're a guy who played a certain way we talk a lot about biz and it seems that you're doing great
mentally like you know you you how many you must have had years you fought 30 times yeah and i
never i had some concussions and stuff but i always had i always had doctors i never had a
oh you're fine go back in there it was like I never had a, oh, you're fine, go back in there.
It was like, if you had concussion symptoms, hey, you're going a week until you're concussion free.
Yeah, I remember that too.
I never had any bad advice.
I was always, so I have nothing to really complain about on the way I was taken care of by my medical staff.
The medical staffs that I always went through, I mean, I never had a complaint.
They were awesome.
Yeah, I mean, it's everyone's individual case and that's why i hate how
everyone everything keeps getting painted with the same brush where i'm like yeah i'm like what
like no not everyone else is doing that there might have been like one case of it yeah yeah
that i witnessed yeah like you just saw like i i had i've had concussions at different levels like
they always ask me are you okay like you don't have to go
yeah wait until you feel normal
ride the bike a day 20 minutes
see how that goes
there was time yeah exactly right
you have to go you start working out
again no symptoms once you're
a week symptom free
it goes without I mean saying
for some of us like there's
like a second twisted element to like us proving our manhood about it.
I had a choice to make.
It was a choice.
It was a choice.
And I said, you know what?
I don't feel 100 but I don't want to leave my fucking brothers out there to go fight the battle by themselves.
And that's how I felt about it, especially being the guy who was trying to protect them in many cases.
And you don't want to.
We were always in a spot where we didn't want anybody.
You come out, someone can take your job.
Right.
So I've had times where the trainer, they see I kind of got my bell rung and they come.
And I'm like, I'm fine.
No, no.
You just you were you saw wrong.
I'm fine.
But really in my head, I'm going, well, I got my bell rung there a little bit.
It was not coming out, but I'm not coming out.
Yeah.
And that was my decision.
Yeah. So to say that you didn't know the risks involved. It's like, wow, I got my bell rung there a little bit. I'm not coming out. But I'm not coming out. And that was my decision. Yeah, so to say you didn't know the risks involved,
it's like, no, man.
Sometimes you have to make some sacrifice if you
want to make more money. I would do it
the exact same way again.
Well, Prosti, thank you so
much, dude. We could do a couple more.
I think you've crushed it. How long have we gone here?
He's got to go soon.
Give us one more that you wanted to tell, or maybe two.
Oh, okay.
I was telling, I think I was telling Jonesy this last.
Okay, so, oh, rookie party.
Calgary rookie party.
My rookie party.
This is just kind of a joke one.
There's nothing too bad.
Were you with Nystrom?
I was with Nye.
Oh, so I take my hand out of my pants
yeah no it was like that it was that uh nice from dave moss and tommy mackie i think they were the
four rookies so so we're we're with calgary we're in phoenix having the rookie party in phoenix
what's the steakhouse that was going to ocean club ocean club so red ocean club we're in that
back room and uh it's joke time for the it's joke time for the rookies so uh i stand up and i go
hey dion what sexual positions make the ugliest babies he's like what i'm like ask your mom
and so the whole place just erupts and dion is doesn't even budge he's just staring at me
and everybody is dying are you older than dion too what are you than him? Yeah, I think we're around the same age.
He might be a year older.
He might be a year.
Dion's the type of guy at that point in time,
he took himself very seriously.
He did.
He did.
He didn't like to get,
he likes to chirp,
but he doesn't like to get chirped back.
So he calls the waiter over,
and he goes,
and he orders two bottles of wine
that are about 2,500 bucks, right?
And the rookies have to pay for rookie dinner,
so that joke cost me about five Gs.
What a veteran payback.
Dion just doesn't crack a smile.
Waiter.
Waiter.
Hey, were you on the team when he got his SUV stolen?
I don't know.
What year was that?
Dion Fadov.
So he'll catch wind that this conversation happened
because he does sometimes listen.
Will he come on?
Oh, he's going to come on.
But dude, he's going to hammer on me
when he hears me telling these stories.
I think he always used to like wheel up to this Tim Hortons
and like leave it out front running.
Oh, I do remember.
I was there.
Like, he owned the joint.
I think he even put his four-way son.
So he strolls in.
He'll touch it.
So, you know, he's doing this.
It's his pregame routine.
He does it one afternoon.
He comes out.
His fucking car is gone.
I was there.
It's on the way to a game?
It's on the way to a game? It's on the way to a game?
Yeah.
In a suit and tie.
In a suit?
You're standing there, star of the flames, holding your double-double.
You got nowhere to go.
This is before Uber.
This is before Uber.
Got a cold cab.
This is like.
Oh, that is so funny.
And I think the media was asking him about it.
How have you never told me that, dude?
And he was so worked up about it.
He looked bad in the media because he couldn't just laugh about it.
Oh, I mean.
Like, if that happened to me, I'd be like, fucking, like, that's just funny shit.
Yeah, you got to just laugh.
Yeah, you got to laugh.
You're just laughing.
My mom had her car stolen like that.
She left it running. She was just running inside the convenience store and she came out her car was gone i mean yeah but she
wasn't going she wasn't going to play 30 minutes exactly yeah we don't live it you know well i
won't even say anything uh give us one more just one more what about any lung quest stuff um another
good one i get when i got to new y to New York, our practice facility was the same.
We shared it with the Knicks.
So I kept going over to the Knicks courts whenever they're on the road,
and I was shooting hoops, right?
So I started bringing guys over.
I'm like, guys, we've got courts over here.
So we started playing two-on-two.
So it's just me and Del Zotto, Gilroy, and Brian Boyle,
all pretty good basketball players.
So we're playing two-on-two. About 10 games left in the season.
I'm defending Brian.
Boyler goes up to shoot, and he comes down.
He lands on my foot, and he twists his ankle.
And he's like high ankle sprain.
So I'm like, oh, my God.
We're just like, oh, my God.
He is limping out of the Knicks courts.
So I'm trying to convince him.
I'm like, go home. Come come back tomorrow squirt on the ice
and fall and be like oh my ankle you'll stay working i was trying to get him to i was trying
to get him just to go home and do the old like oh yeah i heard it on the ice the next day but he was
in a lot of pain he knew he had to tell the trainer so he goes and tells the trainer and i'm sitting
in the the medical room andch just pops his head around.
He goes, are you fucking kidding me?
What the fuck are you?
Are you stupid?
I'm just giving it to Boiler.
Boiler's just got his head down like this.
Boiler missed the rest of the season.
That's how I sprained my ankle. We never played basketball again in New York.
That's just your nature, though.
You guys probably got more and more intense.
Oh, yeah.
We were going after practice.
I was trying to...
I should have just let him take the jump shot,
but I tried to get up there with him
and defend him a bit.
I should have just let him take the jump shot.
Season over.
Yeah, season done.
And then Torts just giving it to him.
Are you stupid?
You got a sprained ankle and you got torts to be thrilled.
And he's just got his head buried in his hands just listening to torts.
What's his foundation story?
No, it's not a story.
Talk about a foundation.
This is Jonesy writing up fucking notes for you.
Oh, no.
Okay, so let's talk about the foundation.
Fuck, I'm an idiot. I thought it was like, what is he talking? You said it before, no. Okay, so let's talk about the foundation. Fuck, I'm an idiot.
I thought it was like...
You said it before, too.
I'm like, his foundation.
I know, but sometimes makeup on girls is foundation.
I've had some foundation...
I know you're a whacker.
That's a business thing.
I've had some foundation left on my pillows, yes.
That's what I thought it was. So let's talk about your foundation you're doing something good yeah well um uh i know
my buddy jonesy brought you some ferdy hats here so uh we had david ferdy at my uh my golf tournament
last year so my foundation brandon press foundation um it's in based around in london
ontario we raised we've raised over a million dollars for uh around my community and just
helping kids in need and stuff.
This year, we're working on Bill Burr coming
for the night before.
My favorite comedian.
Wow.
Nice.
Boston's alumni.
You guys are in, just so you know.
You guys are in.
When is the date?
End of July.
End of July.
Little applause piece.
We'll talk to Jonesy now that you're a client there.
That's awesome.
Absolutely.
That's pretty special.
Start a foundation from basically junior career.
Yeah, because I was always doing charity stuff
in golf tournaments and stuff.
And then my buddy and I, we started,
kind of came up with our own idea
and we've raised tons of money for just around London
and just kids in need.
We started programs like Kids Kicking Cancer programs.
So it's been awesome. Have you met Bill at all? I met him once in Montreal. He was doing a show. And just kids in need, we started programs like Kids Kicking Cancer programs.
So it's been awesome, yeah.
Have you met Bill at all?
I met him once in Montreal.
He was doing a show.
That was the first time I saw him.
And then I'm going to see him in Windsor, actually.
He's in April 29th, I think.
He's in Windsor.
He's my favorite comedian.
Nice.
Well, hopefully we can all make it up.
I'd love that.
Yeah, yeah.
Thank you very much, Frosty.
You're the man. I appreciate it.
Great interview.
I'm glad to see you doing well, man.
And we're going to have to have you on again because there's plenty more
stories than that.
Yeah, there's lots.
There's lots.
I'll tell you something once the camera's cut.
A big thanks to Brandon Prosford joining us when we were up in Toronto,
I don't know, it feels like three years ago,
but it was probably only a month ago.
No, it was.
It was three years ago.
We pre-banked it before the podcast even started.
That's how fucking long that feels like it was ago.
Speaking of old things, Biz, this ancient hockey stick story is pretty wild, man.
This couple in Vermont, they had a  like it looks like Yoda's cane.
That's what it actually looks like, but it turned out to be an ancient hockey stick.
It's valued at 3.5 million.
It was known as the Rutherford stick.
They actually got it carbon dated,
which,
you know,
this scientific process,
they could figure out how old things are.
And it's estimated at,
uh,
between 150 and 170 years old.
The stick,
they believe it's one of the first hockey sticks ever.
Basically this,
the people who own it now,
the wife's brother bought the grandmother's old house and the stick had just
been there for years.
So he gave it to the sister.
Uh, so they gave it to an auction house the minimum bid on it is 100 and k they
100 000 they don't have any bid yet uh they'll split the difference uh 50 50 each but have you
seen a picture of the stick with yeah who decides who decides if it's worth 3.2 if they started at
100 grand the bid is if really if nobody bids that high then i mean the auction house can say
hey this is what we're valuing that but if nobody is worthy of that then they don't have to pay it
you know we should chip in that's wild imagine paying like business career earnings for one
hockey stick we should get that as like the baton of the podcast and like whoever's you know on next
gets to have it for the week or whatever they snap it. Hey, they don't make them like they used to. It's 150
years old.
Imagine buying it and your
grandkid goes in your office. It's a Sherwood
400 flex.
Probably more durable than the frigging
what do you call them they got today? The ones
that snap every five. The one pieces
are? Yeah, I don't know. These sticks
break all the time. It did look like
a field hockey stick.
Yeah, or if you flip it upside down, a shillelagh.
I thought it looked like a shillelagh.
If I was as rich as Austin Matthews and these new contracts
where they get 50 million signing bonuses,
I'd just buy it and start a TikTok account
and do stick handling drills with it.
No, you mix drinks with it at home.
Do like Willy Wonka stunts with it.
Hey, boys.
How big are the fucking drinks
you're drinking, Whit? Monster drinks.
Quarantine drinks.
Hey, boys. Just want to let you know
our friends over at Dunk's want to remind
everybody we're all in this together, which is why
Dunkin' has delivered 40,000 gift
cards to medical workers at 157
hospitals across the country and counting.
Send a hero you know a little thanks with a Dunkin' E-Gift Card by visiting dunkincoffeebreak.com.
And for every gift card purchased,
Dunkin' will donate 1 up to 100,000
to the Dunkin' Joy and Childhood Foundation emergency funds
that go straight to nonprofits helping families affected by coronavirus.
So visit dunkincoeeBreak.com
and send your hero a Duncan E. gift card.
America runs on Duncan.
Boston runs on Duncan.
A lot of cool things going on.
There's that shirt that Hayley Wickenheiser
and Ryan Reynolds got together on going around Canada.
I believe all the proceeds to that
go towards the healthcare workers and stuff.
So shout out to Hayley Wickenheiser
getting it done on and off the ice.
She is like a Canadian icon, right?
She's, I mean, when you think of Canadian hockey,
you think of Haley Wickenheiser.
So very cool that her and Ryan Reynolds were able to get together on that.
Whit?
What?
Oh, I don't know why I threw it to you.
I just felt like throwing it over to you.
No, I.
You ready for the past. No, it was an amazing,'t know why I threw it to you. I just felt like throwing it over to you. No, I... Be ready for the past.
No, it was an amazing shirt.
I love it.
I just feel bad I wasn't exactly ready to...
That's like a Jovanoski when he's going up the ice
giving you the wrist curl movement
when he snapped it fucking 100 miles an hour, 10 feet away.
No, that...
No.
This one I wasn't even looking.
I was looking up in the stands.
That's an example if I was actually really, like,
had a comment to say when you threw it to me and I just butchered it, right?
That's a fair analogy.
Yeah, you fucked it up.
I fucked a duck.
I fucked a duck.
Well, what else was I thinking about?
Oh, shit.
I'll think of it by the end.
It was one of those stories you sent me, Grinnelli.
Well, boys, I know we said we weren't going to be announcing, I guess,
far ahead of time,
just so people don't get too amped up if we get a few interviews built up,
people hounding us for a month or two.
But we are going to mention we did interview the great Joe Buck last week,
one of my favorite interviews we've ever done.
I could have talked to him for an hour easily.
And one of the questions I asked him, if he was already sick of people sending him like the sex tapes for him to narrate.
And lo and behold,
the next day, it turns out
I Am Live
was one of those live cam companies
off of Joe Buckley.
Look at R.A. acting like he doesn't know what it is.
Come on. He has his username and password.
Bro, I got to send it to
his laptop.
Goodness. This guy's got a
water jug, but it's Vaseline fucking lotion
right next to his beat-off station.
Playboy for life.
And a fucking Kessel, one of those underground beat-off layers.
This live cam, they offered Joe Buck a million dollars
for six weeks of work commentating on the live cam shows,
and he's hilarious.
He replied, depending on the site,
they could just be handing me some of my money back, so I'll hold out for a better offer and try to hold on to my
day job but i have to say i'm flattered so it was just kind of funny we talked about it literally
literally 12 hours before that and then this story broke i'll i'll be honest boys i could be worth
a gazillion dollars and i'm still not paying for porn. What? Yeah, fuck that.
What?
God, no.
I'm in membership.
Besides your subscription to Playboy when you're seven, no.
Well, yeah, well, that's a great rebuttal.
Hey, boys, we got to give, well, I guess condolences.
I don't know how many of his family or friends will listen.
Brian Dennehy, one of the great
American actors of the last 40 years
passed away at 81, Natural
Causes. You probably most famously
remember him as the asshole sheriff
from First Blood who set Rambo off.
He was in Cocoon, FX, Silverado.
Of course, the young generation knows him as
Big Tom from Tommy Boy.
But the thing is, he was actually well
known for his stage work as well. He's one of the better stage
actors in America. And yeah, he died
the other day, and he was one of my favorite actors.
I figured it'd be nice to just give him a little bit of
tribute here. Whit, you obviously grew up watching him
as well. What was one of your favorite movies with him?
Quit playing with your dinghy!
Tommy Boy is the best.
I actually remember living with Eberle and Halsey,
and I was like, guys, let's watch Tommy Boy.
They're like, what?
I was like, it's hilarious.
They're like, I've never even heard of it.
I said, Chris Farley's in it.
They're like, who's that?
It was pathetic.
And they wouldn't watch it.
They wouldn't even give it a shot.
They're like, we're not watching that old garbage.
Come on and defend yourself, Halsey and Ebs.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
Paul Zienabs is a classic.
I actually, this is maybe a little embarrassing on my end.
If I was Chica, I wouldn't offer him a contract hearing that.
No, I'm fucking serious.
I haven't seen Rambo, though.
But not out of refusal to watch it.
I don't know why.
I've just never seen Rambo.
So when you just said that guy's one of the bad guys in Rambo,
makes me want to watch it even more now.
You mean First Blood, not just
to clarify, because a lot of people confuse it.
The very first Rambo was actually just First
Blood. That was the title of it.
And then the second was Rambo, First
Blood Part 2. So which one
was this guy in? He was in First
Blood. And honestly, it's not like, I know Rambo had
the reputation of the machine gun and everything bloody.
It's actually more of a, like,
it's not that type of movie. It's actually more of a, like, it's not that type of movie.
It's actually more of a PTSD movie.
This guy's a Vietnam vet.
He comes home.
Give it away.
Don't give it away.
I'm going to watch it.
No,
no.
It's like the first two minutes of the movie.
And he's,
it's,
it's actually a portrait of PTSD from Vietnam more than it is about some guy
just killing everyone with a machine gun.
That was in the,
the sequels,
but no,
definitely check out first blood.
If you haven't seen it,
he was in a bunch of movies before that,
but that was the movie that put him like in a lot of people's conscience in Hollywood,
and he started getting a shitload more roles.
So, again, condolences to any family, friends, and peers of Brian Dennehy
who might happen to listen.
He was one of the good ones.
And, boys, I think I know this is going to be dropping Monday,
but it feels like the entirety of North America is going to be watching ESPN
last night, Sunday night, for the Michael Jordan Chicago Bulls 98 season.
Give me the water jug of lotion.
I'll fucking take that.
Where's the Juergens?
Where's the Juergens?
Michael Jordan, just a notorious killer.
That's what we'll call him, right, Biz?
Killer.
He's a mental assassin.
Yeah, an absolute assassin.
And the stories that will probably be told about this guy,
and you'll finally hear from him.
Man, Jordan, I told the story on this podcast.
I saw him at a golf course.
He was playing with seven other guys, six other guys.
There were seven guys out there.
All of them had their own carts, and all of them, I was told,
had 5,000 in assholes with each other.
So everyone's got 35,000 in assholes with each other. So everyone's
got 35K on the line on each nine holes and another 35 for the overall. I mean, this guy
lives for the action. The other story we talked about on this podcast was when he was playing 36
holes of golf in Barcelona before the 1992 Olympic games, they went undefeated. They were the dream
team. He was coming off 36. And then, you know the story about jr and him lighting it up after having some beers and playing golf with him so that's all not
even basketball stuff and i think that since he's retired i don't know a ton about michael jordan i
remember just the bulls when they i was in well they they were great when i was like 12 to 16 or
whatever 10 to 16 they were they were the most dominant team of what I remember like basketball.
So I don't know that much about him.
And then hopefully we learn more about just how crazy and driven this guy was
because he's the best of all time in my opinion.
All right.
Weren't his comments that this documentary is going to make people hate him?
Really?
Out of his own words, I believe, right?
Yeah, he said he's afraid some people might think different or think less of him.
I mean, I think I've been aware of Jordan, obviously.
He's kind of known as a prick and might be a prick.
Yeah, he might just be known as more of an asshole than he's kind of already known,
and I've never had any interactions with him.
But there are stories out there where he's not always the nicest guy.
I mean, you hear stories about getting out of his car and handing the keys to Valley
and blowing cigar smoke in his face, and then there's a guy five feet behind him. Yeah, I've heard a know, you hear stories about getting out of his car and like handing the keys to Valley and like blowing cigar smoke in his face.
And then there's a guy five feet behind him.
I've heard a lot about it.
Sorry about that.
But anyways, the whole, the whole world, it feels like it's going to be
watching it not only anyways, but because of the current situation,
everybody's just horny for content and especially of the sporting variety.
So, uh, hopefully, uh, well, next episode, we can give a little bit of
review, review on it.
Speaking reviews.
I had a couple of flicks.
I mean, in the old lady watch the last couple of weeks,
I wanted to recommend.
Whit, have you seen the new one with Ben Affleck,
The Way Back, when he plays the alcohol?
I have not.
I actually thought it looked kind of brutal on the preview.
I don't know.
I'm not the biggest Ben Affleck fan as an actor,
but I have heard a couple of good things.
I'm guessing you're going to say the same.
I really enjoyed it. I thought he was excellent in it now obviously he's had you know issues with with
alcohol he's made public over the years so i think he can you know probably tacked into that type of
acting probably better than you know a person who hasn't had issues i guess but it's not strictly a
basketball movie it's about a guy struggling and it doesn't overdo it like with some corny basketball
last second shot type thing i really liked it man i thought it was a well-acted movie i don't know if he's going to get a nomination or anything out of out of it like that but corny basketball, last second shot type thing. I really liked it, man. I thought it was a well-acted movie.
I don't know if he's going to get a nomination or anything out of it like that.
But if you're looking for a movie to watch and you are an Affleck fan,
definitely recommend it.
And this is a second one me and the old lady watched.
It's called Good Boys.
I don't know who this movie was marketed to.
It's an R-rated movie that stars three 11-year-old kids.
I loved it.
Did you see it? Yes. Oh,old kids. I loved it. Did you see it?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
I saw it in the theater.
I couldn't believe it was
an R-rated movie, though.
Yeah, I mean, I just
I thought those kids
were so funny.
It was like younger
Superbad, basically.
I hated that movie.
I thought it was so bad.
Somebody else told me
they hated it.
At the end of the movie,
I remember calling someone being
like i think that was the worst movie i've ever seen somebody i recommended it to was like how
did that movie was terrible i haven't spoken to him since yeah i mean it's it's not i wouldn't
call it a classic like super bad it's kind of like anyone who's in the sixth grade had buddies
like that can relate to it but what i noticed is they did homages to other movies within that like
the scene when they went to the frat house to buy like the drugs and
like all the shootings going,
that was a direct rip off from boogie nights when they were able to try to
rob the drug dealer and boogie nights,
it was the same fucking same beats and everything.
So yeah,
I'm not saying it's,
it's an all time classic,
but if you're looking for something to watch,
there's a lot worse ways to kill an hour and a half than,
than throwing good boys on and having a true last,
especially if you have a little tote beforehand. uh what else you got biz anything else before we
uh wrap up you say that about everything what everything's a little better with a little toke
beforehand that's like a bugsy quote um no i didn't uh no just the the cereal plug that i
fucking butchered god you didn't butcher it dude dude. No, not at all. Mikey, how are you feeling,
buddy?
That's how to grind, Mikey. That's getting it
done in the face of adversity.
I do it for you guys.
I do it for the team.
Unless it was me
that time when I was too sick to get on.
Do it for the team, boys.
I couldn't move.
Great job. One more thing before we wrap things
up.
The YouTube drops this week.
Right now we have, I think, Chris Pronger coming out for Bud Light and then Glenn Healy for Budweiser, correct?
Correct, Biz.
Wow.
All right.
Tuesday and Friday.
Enjoy that.
And then Brendan Press, thank you very much for coming on,
and that's about it.
Well, everybody, have a great week out there,
and we'll check back with you Thursday.
Take care, all.
Peace.
As always, we want to send a round of thanks to our awesome sponsors.
Big thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Roman Swipes for helping out the boys in the bedroom.
And another big thanks to everybody at Simply Safe.
Hopefully you're taking advantage of them, keeping your castle protected.
And a big thanks to our longtime friends at Dunkin'. They've been taking care of me in New England
forever, and hopefully they've been taking care of you too. Have a great week, all.
Shortly after we recorded the show, we all went online as we do, and we found out about the
awful tragedy in Nova Scotia. Some asshole
went on a shooting rampage and killed at least 13 people.
Won't mention the idiot's name, but it's just an awful tragedy.
Nova Scotia, we've been blessed to get up there.
It's a beautiful place filled with wonderful people.
And, you know, in America, unfortunately,
we get used to these awful stories, as awful as that is to say,
but in Canada, you don't expect it.
So when it happens up there, it's even maybe worse, I guess.
But Biz, as the Canadian on the show, I just wanted to throw it to you.
And I know you're probably heartbroken as we are here in the States.
Yeah, including an RCMP officer, Heidi Stevenson.
So listen, we don't know all the details of what happened, guys.
We just caught wind of it after we finished recording.
And I mean, given last week with the Colby Cave stuff and now this
and given the times, it's just very emotional.
So my heart goes out to everyone in Nova Scotia.
Oh, fuck.
It's okay, Biz.
That's all I got.
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
My heart goes out to you guys.
I don't know.
I don't know what.
That's all you have to say, buddy.
We're brokenhearted.
You mentioned Constable Heidi Stevenson,
a mother of two, lost her life in this.
These things, they're senseless.
They're foolish.
It doesn't make sense anymore.
They never do.
They never will.
We just wanted to acknowledge it.
We had time to jump back on.
And it's, you know, Canada is as big a part of the show as anybody else.
And we want to just let everybody know how brokenhearted and sad we are.
And our hearts are with you.
And we'll talk more about it Thursday.
But just hang in there, Canada.
Yeah.
And we love you.
Thank you. Thanks for watching!
