Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 265 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family. Quarantine
week number 375 or something like that.
We're chugging along.
We don't care.
We're having fun.
Let's say hi to our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's going on, buddy?
Our backbone.
What's going on, guys?
A little disappointed.
Friday night, played David Parshinok in NHL 23 game series.
Had the game on my stick with about a minute left.
I won the second game. He had won
the first game. Up 3-2 in the third.
And I started talking shit.
Started running my mouth and next thing you know
Poshnok steals it. Pass to Bergeron.
Goal. Go to overtime. Goal.
So I lost. Lost the series.
I think he scored again
with Bergeron in overtime.
It was painful.
Seven power plays you had that game?
Yep.
Yeah, I was on the power play the whole time,
and I just couldn't net one.
So Pasternak will be back.
I'll say that.
When Smitty Barstool lost everything when he started playing video games,
I remember being like, this is the most embarrassing look.
This dude is the worst player.
That's kind of you
now i i did beat posture knock one game though so it's like it's not like i'm losing everything
you can get that guy on our twitch channel for an hour fucking i don't care if you get speed bag
like we're it's gonna be honest so so that's great mikey a lot of people tuning in are you
getting feedback so yeah i'm getting a ton of feedback ton of people are tuning in and when
posture not came on i mean our stream had like six times the numbers.
And there was just all these like women Pasternak fans that every time I'd score, they'd just type in the chat, boo.
They were just booing me.
Everything I said and did.
Oh, no.
They were fans of his.
I actually sent one of the girls a free gift.
I like that theory, though.
Maybe Pasta was paying bots to harass Grinnell here.
Well, if you watch the unboxing sometimes, the Portnoy does,
you see the same three girls commenting every five seconds.
I figure that has to be a bot, right?
I was going to say something.
Is a human sitting there typing every five seconds those idiots the same questions?
Yes.
Oh, those people. They stink people imagine i was gonna say something
in the comments i was gonna be how thirsty are these chicks for followers they can't they're
non-stop during the whole unboxing for like two hours long here's my thing i think that has to be
a computer program that you can put in i don't know man i think the only problem is you can't
click so you can't see you have to like type it in to go look. Anyway, what's up, Ari?
How the fuck are you doing?
I'm fine, man.
I think that Laffy Taffy Dave was on.
I think that had Angel Dustin or something that one night.
He ate the Laffy Taffy.
He was on cloud nine.
Holy shit.
He was feeling good that night.
He's smoking and eating stuff that random strangers are sending him.
He's a sicko.
Yeah.
I mean, it is crazy how much shit people are sending him. I mean, it looks sicko yeah it i mean it is crazy how much like
shit people are sending him i mean it looks like a ups outpost in his fucking living room
absolutely insane but obviously there's biz and with the other members of the crew i'm good biz
chugging along i've been uh sticking with my nightly program uh the midnight hour at ra i got
a huge chicklets bump from uh big cat the other night you know how he jumps into random Periscope feeds and sends all his followers there?
Well, I was chugging along the other night.
My numbers had been dwindling each night, and all of a sudden, I got a bunch of spiral ham comments
and a bunch of pardon my take lingo, and he texted me.
He's like, dude, I just sent them all over there.
So I ended up getting way more listeners than I had any other show.
I think I had close to 60,000 total.
Now, that could be people jumping on for 10 seconds or staying for the whole
duration. So now you are Johnny Carson.
Yeah, I feel like it.
That's the music I've been playing.
It actually gives me time because I have to post it on
all the different social media.
So while that song's playing, I'm actually getting
it all posted. What's up, G? Have you guys
seen what Big Cat's doing on Twitch with
Coach Duggs? It's like
captivating all of twitch
all of the internet it's it's he has he has the usc football team tweeting out pictures of him
in like jennifer aniston walking down the streets it's unbelievable i saw that i actually started
following it towards the end of last season i really want to get the beginning i'd love to chat
with him um and figure out the total beginning of it. For him, it's for sure organic. He probably just started playing and tweeting.
But I saw towards the end, and then recently he took the USC job,
offensive coordinator.
He's 400 pounds overweight.
And Big Cat tweeted, Notre Dame, Monday night, huge test ahead.
I don't know what he said after, just making it sound like we got a big one
coming up.
And then I didn't know people are watching him on the way he's streaming's streaming he's streaming the same way you're talking about with posh knock
yeah he's streaming it on twitch and how about the guy that came forward that looks exactly like
coach doug's and did the hat like pick when he when he chose usc so now he's got an actual guy
that wasn't no it wasn't set up so people don't know what we're talking about i know there's some of our audience isn't isn't uh always reading or up to date with barstool sports big
cats enormous personality pardon my take go read back and look back to how he began playing ncaa
football now it's not 2020 i think it's 2014 right so it's a game that's seven years old that he's
now of course made a phenomenon so everyone check that out that's seven years old that he's now, of course, made a phenomenon. So everyone check that out.
That's great to hear.
Gee, I heard you mention Columbus defenseman Zach Wierenski.
I believe you have something else you need to add.
It's another show.
I was going to put it at the end, but I love Zach Wierenski.
I love him.
Okay.
Love him a lot.
Didn't want to forget about it.
There was a little bit of sports activity since the last time we met.
It was the NFL draft, of course.
I watched everything via Bastl, whether it was the live feed,
all the gifts that come out.
I mean, like I said, the NFL, I have a love-hate thing with it,
but is there anything phonier than, like, Roger Goodell?
He's such, like, an awkward dork.
Like, oh, this is my chair that I totally sit and watch the NFL every day,
and this is the NFL chair, and I'm going to sit and watch the game.
And the fucking chair's not even facing his TVs.
He's got like his bobble heads out.
He's such a fucking fraud, man.
Very awkward.
I can't stand that, dude.
It was so awkward.
It's like, oh, I'm going down to my man cave.
It was so forced.
The worst part is saying like 17 times you're going to watch the NFL game.
He makes 30 million a year, right?
Something ungodly like that, yeah.
That's the worst man cave I've ever seen for someone making 30 sheets a year.
That place sucked.
Seriously.
My place up on Coburg dusted that place.
I had about fucking 50 square feet.
It looked like a frat room.
And he couldn't even read the cards correctly.
He is just a zero personality.
You wonder every day, how do you have the job that you have?
What did he ever do to make the owner?
I know he makes the owner's money, but how did he even begin where someone said,
this is our guy?
You see Roger today.
You see all the charisma he had this morning.
That's our guy.
He literally wrote a letter to the NFL when he was like 18 and 19,
how he wanted to be the commissioner of the NFLfl when he was like 18 and 19 how he wanted to be
the commissioner of the nfl someday like like it was his life goal legit like he it's all he
aimed for so i'm sure he knows where all the bodies are buried the nfl i mean think of the
scumbag things they've done that we're we know about like the ray rice tape pretending they
didn't see it when of course they had seen it the whole time you know they've done probably 17
fucking million other things like that that we have no clue about so yeah he knows where the bodies are buried so they pay him to keep his
mouth shut basically uh but that one clip there was actually a couple of jesus christ you guys
know a lot about the nfl like i didn't i didn't really know this guy's been coming at our team
for 15 years he's a scumbag and once you learn i didn't know that ray rice thing jesus christ i
wasn't that tuned in.
Oh, man.
The stuff that that leaks on.
They have no.
Who's going to go.
Who's like.
Who's their ball.
Who's going after them.
They have.
They could do whatever they want.
I think we could focus on the positives of the draft, though.
Everybody was acting like it was so boring.
Wait, wait.
No.
That's very true.
Having these webcam things of these households is fucking amazing. the one guy like he took the phone away like basically because i think it was like side chick was calling
and shit and then like somebody tweeted out that it was somebody's ex-girlfriend like the guy who
played for the atlanta hawks and like it was it was a fucking shit show online and then and then
the ra your favorite i'll toss it back over to you oh yeah that was the one guy get drafted I'm
much of his name and the girl was like not even hugging him she was like you couldn't even see
the guy's face she was like hovering over him hugging him and then it must have been the guy's
mother pick grabbed her and physically picked her up and removed her from the camera view I mean
fucking straight up Rob Gronkowski throwing her out of the club like he did to that guy years ago
just straight up tossed her out of there. Yeah, you mentioned the one biz.
The girl went to pick up his phone.
He's like, nah, he grabs it right back.
There was like six or seven of these things.
And it's funny because these girls, like, you're not going to see them in six, eight months.
Once these guys go pro, I mean, you think like Russell Wilson.
Oh, one of the girls was, she was finding out that he was going to Miami and she was on the couch.
Where are we going?
Where are we going?
And he's like, can't say it.
And the whole, where are we going? Miami? He said? He's like, can't say it. And the whole, where are we going?
Miami?
He said Miami.
I'm like, hey, he said, say goodbye.
He's going to Miami, baby.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He'll be dating a live cocktail server in no time, baby.
No time.
And the thing, too, is ESPN got a lot of heat.
You know, I know they're obviously trying to sell stories with these kids,
but they got a lot of heat for bringing up negative stories
about these kids.
One mother was battling
breast cancer, but the one thing, the
real bad one was so-and-so's mother had
a drug problem for 16 years.
It was like, okay, first off, that has nothing
to do with the kids. Second off, and me and Derek
Sanderson talked about this off-camera,
is how the media treats people
in recovery and addiction
like you're like oh she had a problem it's like no she always have a drug problem or drink a
problem you just contain it you work with it you're in recovery trying to fix it but they always like
the media likes to wrap these stories up in a bowl she fought drugs for years and now she's good and
clean it's like no anybody who has an addiction is fighting that every day and like they like to
call that like a drug problem for 16 years if like that's it i just hate the way they get all that shit talking about like what
oh one guy got arrested for sexual assault and then the next sentence is he got fucking acquitted
by a jury it's like then why the fuck have you been telling people that now anyone who sees that
guy is going to be like oh he got fucking arrested but yeah he also got fucking not guilty that and
bad that's a that's a great point i will say um though the some of them like you
mentioned there were just you don't have to bring them up right you kind of understand but some of
the things that you hear that that these guys went through and where like some of professional
athletes came from and grew up with and how much they've overcome and what they've battled through
i love hearing some of that so you hear some of the stories. I mean, I saw a story about one of the guys who got drafted,
his sister passed away.
Like that type of stuff, yeah, it's Debbie Downer-ish, I guess.
But, I mean, still, to see what that dude's been through
and still like where he's at now, I think that that's so inspiring.
So it's a tough balance in terms of so many of them seem to so many of these players that
are drafted seem to come from really hard upbringings yeah yeah so but you but you also
you can't bring up everything right do you know what i mean so it is a it is like a line and this
year it certainly seemed that there was uh plenty of different stories of of tough things going on
um i agree with the one mother kind of pigeon tossing the girlfriend.
Because, come on.
I mean, the mama raised them.
Like, she needs a little face time.
You got to get the mom in there.
And I think that the girlfriend was hogging the camera.
I saw more of her than the player.
Yeah.
It was fucking pretty bad.
Plus, they do, like you said, that's a good point.
You're trying to make inspirational stories. But some of them are just like, all right, enough ESPN. Like, they do, like you said, that's a good point. You know, you're trying to make inspirational stories,
but some of them are just like, all right, enough of you.
It's kind of like, this son grew up with hardship.
He had the middle name Myron his whole life.
I don't know how he's battled back from such adversity.
But anyways, listen, those boys, one thing about them,
they're going to be making some serious cabbage, which means, biz,
they're going to get a nice upgrade on their wardrobe.
And I can tell you right now that Mack Weldon is better than whatever
they're wearing right now. Mack Weldon is a premium men's essentials brand that believes in
smart design and premium fabrics. Mack Weldon does indeed offer industry-leading underwear,
but they're so much more than just an underwear company. They really are a one-stop shop for all
the men's basics of all kinds. Mack Weldon has socks, shirts, hoodies, underwear, and the new
adjustable Storm Chaser rain jacket
really are the longest lasting, highest quality items on the market. Mack Weldon really does
value its loyal customers. That's why they've created the Weldon Blue Loyalty Program.
Works pretty easy. You create an account that's totally free. For level one, you place an order
for any amount and you never pay for shipping again. For level two, once you purchase 200
worth of products from Mack Weldon,
not only will you continue to receive free shipping,
but you will also start saving 20 on every order you make for the next year.
Level two also grants you access to new products before they're released to anyone else,
as well as free gifts added to future orders.
The site's super easy to use, and the underwear is ridiculously comfortable,
as I can attest to because I'm wearing it right now.
And for 20 off your first order, visit macweldon.com slash chicklets
and enter the promo code chicklets when you're there.
Once again, that's macweldon, M-A-C-K-W-E-L-D-O-N dot com slash chicklets.
So check that stuff out.
Get some new duds.
One thing we didn't mention about the draft, though,
they did this fundraiser.
You can watch a game with Goodell and his man Cave.
And clearly some beef between Dave Portnoy and Goodell,
whether Goodell acknowledge it or not.
But Dave said he'll bid a million dollars to get that seat.
So I don't know how many people want to watch a game with Goodell
as bad as Dave Portnoy, who also have the bank account.
I think that  how would they not have thought about this prior to doing it?
Well, they did have a clause in the bottom.
And it did say there has to be a background check done first.
He's done.
So he probably ain't getting  I mean, didn't they have him kicked out of Super Bowl?
I wasn't really that dialed in yet.
Yeah, with a mustache on.
He is a masterful troll when it comes to the NFL, Dave.
He doesn't care.
Like money doesn't care.
Going to fucking city lockup for the night doesn't care.
I have no skin in the game.
I think it's hilarious because it's the internet and he treats it as a joke, right? He doesn't care going to fucking city lockup for the night. He doesn't care. I have no skin in the game.
I think it's hilarious because it's the internet,
and he treats it as a joke, right?
If you didn't like Dave Portnoy, it would probably ruin your life that this guy has popped up everywhere
on the internet.
You can't avoid him.
I would say 80 of the people who quote-unquote hate Bostel,
they really just don't like Dave,
but they associate Dave so much with Bostel
that they just kind of collectively hate everything.
He is such a polarizing figure, and it's just like this.
Oh, you can't.
The unboxing.
Have you seen the fucking trailer for the latest one?
There's a fucking trailer.
It's the greatest.
Sporty.
I got more fucking hype for that unboxing trailer than i did
for the one for the last dance uh it's it's insane but people know what though people do need to stop
sending animals that's like i'm not that i'm fucking johnny animal rights here but you know
sending the baby chicks through the through the fucking mail that was a little fucking extreme
he's somehow taking over tiger king he's dave exotic now he's gonna have his own that was a little fucking extreme Dave Exotic he's somehow taking over Tiger King he's Dave Exotic now
he's gonna have his own
that was all before this too I'm pretty sure
like if that happened and they were like
Portnoy is Dave whatever
is Joe Exotic and then he's turning
into him
fucking Taffy King
alright boys we do got a few other items we want to get to
oh first we haven't mentioned our interview yet
we've been sleeping at the switch here.
Anaheim Ducks captain Ryan Getzlaff is going to be joining us in a little bit.
Wed, we had fun talking to your old teammate, eh?
Oh, yeah, Getz, he's the man.
So I remember right away I could tell that he was just one of the alphas, right?
He's just very quick, dry sense of humor, quick wit.
He chirps, guys.
He's good at it and gamer on the ice.
So it was pretty cool to get him on, and we've been trying to do that for a while.
It took being stuck in his house before he'd finally come on with us.
Listen, I play with Getze too, and some people don't know that.
I play with them under 18 world championships,
and there's two when you do under 18.
There's the one in the summer before your second year of junior starts and then there's the one if you don't if you don't get
past i think the second round of the chl in the spring right and getsy had been cut from the first
one he didn't make he didn't make the summer one and he i think he i think that did him good because
i he went and fucking dominated uh with the hitmen that next
year and then we got him for the world championship I was very lucky to make that team dude he put our
team on his back he was a beast you talk about a type a alpha he was an alpha dog and I'm like this
guy is unbelievable this guy's going first round and to see the career that has has gone on from
from those moments is really cool.
And, you know, this was more of us just shooting the shit with the guy
because I hadn't caught up with him in a while.
So, you know, it wasn't really a traditional interview, you would say.
He has a presence about him, man.
I never met him before, but right away when you're talking to him,
you feel like you've known this guy for a while.
He's the man.
He's definitely hot shit, so we'll be bringing you that in a little bit.
First up, NHL All-Star
game MVP John Scott tweeted
the other day,
just got word that the NHL camps
will begin again June 1st. European
players are coming back soon. Hashtag
breaking. That was the end of the tweet.
We'll obviously wait and see
if this happens. It hasn't been reported anywhere
else. Hopefully, John Scott
is right. Like I said to you guys, though, when we were tweeting, I'm sorry, texting the other day,
this seems like something that maybe Bob McKenzie or Elliott or Darren or Pierre or Chris Johnson,
one of those guys maybe would have broken first, given that those guys are so wired in. But of
course, John played in the league and he knows people as well. So we're going to have the wait
and see approach here. I, for one, will be shocked if a month from Friday NHL camps are breaking,
but I'm not breaking starting, but we'll get to that soon enough.
We have a pretty big extension report too, Paul.
Elvis Merzlikens, the Columbus goalie, signed a two-year, 8 million extension
for a 4 million average annual value.
The 26-year-old Latvian rookie is tied for second in shutouts right now he's 15
goals against and in safe percentage he's been having an unreal year kid come out of nowhere
corpus salo got hurt this kid come in save the day columbus is still in a playoff spot right now
he's gonna make three million next year five million in the following year that's where the
aav of four million comes from uh he'll be an unrestricted free agent when the deal ends
uh he would have been restricted free agent with arbitration rights this summer,
but he signed for two years.
And a week ago, the Blue Jackets also signed goalie Jonas Corposalo
to a two-year deal with the reported A.A.V. of 2.8 million.
So you're talking about a team that, instead of paying 10 million to one guy,
now they've got two basically number one starters from what we've seen.
It's very early with Elvis, but he's looked great so far.
They're spending 6.8 million on two goalies and not too shabby, Biz.
Okay, so during the Merzlikas interview, I obviously read wrong on Twitter,
and I corrected R.A.
So first of all, you just dunked on me.
You posted me, and rightfully so.
I could have sworn I read on Twitter it was a two-year deal at four million a
year so my that would be eight million no total as in two million a year and that was the correction
i made so first of all i ain't math guy and my apologies are a fucking right you should have
dunked on me there i saw that little little attitude when you said it and i was like oh that
was a great smirk i actually when you said it was and I was like, oh, no. Oh, that was a great smirk. Actually, when you said it was 2 million per year, I was like, what?
What a bargain.
I didn't want to dunk on you when we were talking.
Obviously, we interviewed Elvis Merlikens.
That's what Biz just referenced.
We'll be dropping that a little later.
But I didn't want to confuse him because if I said that,
English wasn't his first language.
It would have been like Abbott and Gus.
What a classy move by you, R.A.
You're just a classy guy. What do.a you're just you know you're just
a classy guy i owe you what i owe you for that one i owe you a nice steak dinner and sorry to
the fans for uh for my i needed wit i needed wit to read the contract to me my fault that's all
right shit happens uh another note here from our pal chris johnston he said that swedish forward
linus sandin intends to sign with the Philadelphia Flyers.
He can't do it officially until the NHL finalizes the new international transfer agreements.
Sandin was one of the Swedish Hockey League's top scorers this year with 19 goals, playing for HV71.
He had multiple NHL offers, but he wants to go to Philly, and he's the older brother of Leafs defenseman Rasmus Sandin.
And the Flyers also announced that Eric Lindros has signed on as an official team ambassador.
He'll kick it off by taking part in the All-In Challenge. It's a digital fundraiser focused on
raising millions of dollars for COVID-19 hunger relief. You can go to the Flyers website if you're
interested in donating to that. A lot of teams do this, Biz.
They bring on legends to be ambassadors.
And number 88, he'll be going to community events, fan appearances,
doing the corporate partner engagements, all that type of stuff.
So I'm sure the Philly fans will love to see Big E bouncing around the stadium again.
Oh, yeah.
Came in and dominated.
And we kind of skipped over John Scott there already quickly,
about his report of June 1st.
I mean, he obviously heard something or he's just kind of trolling everyone and just throwing it out there. But for everyone who I'm not saying it's going to happen or players even want it to happen.
But I could I could see if there was like three or four cities that everything looked good and everyone was tested, if guys started skating together in six weeks.
I mean, does that sound that crazy to any of you?
Like some people are like, no chance.
It's over.
Fucking hockey's done.
Why couldn't that happen?
Well, if you saw pitches from Newport Beach, California on Sunday afternoon,
that's probably why a lot of people might think it might not happen.
I mean, because when I see pictures of people out en masse,
thousands of people in the same area, all I think is like,
okay, that's just another round of more people taking the disease.
I understand.
I understand that.
Those people look like fools right now.
But if you're bringing these guys into an isolated area and everyone's tested
and there's no fans around and they're in, like, that could happen.
Don't say it.
No, absolutely.
It certainly in theory could happen.
I just, like I said, wait and see.
And by the way, you did mention the NBA.
And Woj tweeted the other day that beginning on May 1st,
the NBA is allowing teams to open their practice facilities to players in cities and states where local governments have eased stay-at-home orders.
So this is where it gets convoluted, man.
You know, you've got 31, 32 NBA teams, and you've got different cities,
different states have different orders, so there's no consistency.
So one team in this state can practice, but another team can't in another state.
It's just, I don't know.
I don't know how it's all going to work.
And also, whatever the NBA does, the NHL is going to do.
I know we joke around sick league and the two leagues are rivals,
but really they're intertwined.
I mean, these two teams share arenas.
I'm sorry, two leagues share arenas,
and everything they do kind of works in cahoots with the other ones.
So, I mean, I think we're they going to get both of those leagues back?
We'll get neither one of them back.
That's my feeling.
I talked to a few players, and they were like,
no, we've got no word.
So unless he's talking like upper management
or people, you know, high up with the NHL,
I don't know how he would know that information.
But, hey, at least it's created a conversation for our podcast.
Thanks, John Amore.
If you're wrong on that, like, he might not even not even care he'll be like i don't give a shit yeah he's not like what is he
fairly credible source though i mean i wouldn't want to be tweeting that shit
you're like i was mvp of the nhl all-star game buddy although i think he chirped uh the pink
whitney i think i think he chirped our drink, boys. So maybe let's ease on stroking off John Scott.
Why don't you go and get your own drink, John?
Well, I got one other last note here, too.
This feels like a very long time away right now,
but the 2022 Men's Olympic Hockey Tournament will have Canada and the U.S.
in the same group and Finland and Sweden in the same group,
which means we're assured of hated rivals squaring off in those early preliminary games.
Also, Russia and the Czech Republic are in the same group.
That'll make for an awesome game.
And also, they're not in the same group,
but I think Finland-Russia is maybe one of the most underrated international rivalries.
Would you agree, Biz?
Yeah.
Finland-Russia?
Yeah, that's a pretty fair statement.
Because I think that I would say,
would you say Swedish guys have more of a chip on their shoulder than Finnish guys?
Would that be a fair statement?
No, I think Finnish guys are,
I think a Finnish guys is like a little tougher than Swedish guys.
Really?
Okay.
I don't know.
Why would you say it's a little bit more beeped up?
Do they share a border? Well, Finlandland they share a border finland yeah yeah they yeah they had a they had
a war back a couple wars back back in the day too now as a result of sharing said border so
yeah they just start two teams that like to fucking get nasty with each other and honestly
biz right now talking about olympic hockey feels like a fantasy but not the fun kind but that's what adam and eve is for adam and eve says the best part of staying at home is playing at home
and maybe even a little laying at home you use the code spit to take advantage of the downtime
and choose almost any one item at 50 off when you do you'll also get 10 free boredom busting gifts
including six spicy movies a three-piece bonus kit,
and best of all, free shipping delivered discreetly right to your door.
Just remember to use the code SPIT, that's S-P-I-T, at checkout, and Adam and Eve has
thousands of products to make you glad that you are staying at home.
Sex toys make being at home so much more enjoyable.
Hell, even shopping from home is more enjoyable
when you're shopping for sex toys. So go to adamandeve.com and use the code SPIT and get
all these fun items to help spice up the bedroom. Speaking of the bedroom and Pink Whitney, did you
notice we made a cameo in a video the other day? The old Hood Honeys video? I found the porno. I
watched a little bit of it.
Hey, I mean, that's when you make it big, when you're in the background of Hoodhundies pornos.
She had the Tyler the Creator wig on,
getting bent over next to the Pink Whitney bottle.
It was empty. They must have got a little
tipsy before they went off the top ropes.
Listen, I watched. It was a
fucking cage match.
They crushed it, then they crushed it.
Without any further ado i think
we should send it over to ducks captain ryan gets laugh like we said we enjoyed uh chat with him and
hopefully you'll enjoy the interview let's send it over to him very very pleased to be joined by
one of the all-time greats he's still playing but he's one of the all-time greats this guy has two
olympic gold medals he's got a world cup he's got a stanley cup he's got the the, but he's one of the all-time greats. This guy has two Olympic gold medals. He's got a World Cup.
He's got a Stanley Cup.
He's got the World Junior.
He's got the first-round status in the greatest draft of all time.
He's been with Anaheim forever.
He's Getzlaff.
Ryan Getzlaff.
We finally got him on.
He's back home.
He's in quarantine.
But what a pleasure it is to talk to my former teammate,
one of the best passers of the puck I've ever seen.
How you doing, buddy?
Well, thanks, buddy.
That's quite the intro.
You forgot to mention that we best played together back in the day, too.
I was going to say, we were teammates as well.
Where?
Well, I think that was our first one.
It was under 17, I believe.
Under 18.
Under 18.
We went to Yaroslav, Russia, and Ryan Getzloff put our team on his back.
Oh, yeah, something like that.
Well, you guys, you played for the Calgary Hitmen, correct?
I did, yes.
Now, you guys got beat out of, what, the first round that year
where we went there?
So he was able to come over, and he was a huge boost toss.
I'd never seen the Ryan Getzloff show until that point,
and you did it on the world stage.
And at that point, the world championships,
you saw the other country's best.
And you fucking put on a show, my friend.
Yeah, it was nice.
Did you have the frosted tips at the time?
I for sure had frosted tips then.
That was an unreal look in all your pictures.
The digression?
I slowly dissolved my hair during that time.
I was wondering if we were going to be able to talk about this shit.
This is awesome.
Well, I just remember the Frosted Tips.
I'm like, who's this young stud with the Frosted Tips toe-dragging people
and then cross-checking people too?
He's just a Marc Messier, young from Frosted Tips mess.
I went to mess his hairdo later in my career though
i didn't watch this i think you power cleaned that coffee table while we were there too didn't
you biz oh i was such a weirdo i was doing all that olympic lifting i was such a anything for
attention back then i was such a nerd yeah you don't do anything for attention now so that's
all fuck you it's a lot more hey you motherfucker you see if you see my do anything for attention now, so that's good. Oh, fuck you. It's a lot more. Hey, you motherfucker.
Did you see my Bieber impersonation?
I did not see that, no.
Oh, well, wait till you see that.
You might have to bring that back.
That's a cringe fest.
No, yeah, you won't think you wanted attention at all watching that one.
35 years old doing Justin Bieber impersonations.
Anything for a buck gets you.
It'd be nice to have 75 sheets in the bank like you, no wonder.
You're doing pretty good for yourself, my friend.
You guys are that awesome.
Let's talk about Calgary Hitmen, actually.
How was your experience in junior?
That's going way back.
That is going way back.
No, my memory only lasts about a week.
Were you a first-rounder in the dub, too?
No, no, no. I was a third-rounder in the dub, too? No, no, no.
I was a third-round pick in the WHL, yeah.
I got cut on the Midget Triple-A team that year.
It was a very humbling season, that one.
Wait, you got cut from Midget Triple-A?
So what is that, 15 years old or 16?
Yeah, so I played Bantam Double-A again before I went to Calgary.
Were you just big and slow?
No, you must have had the good hands.
As opposed to now.
It started there, it got really good,
and it's gone back to there.
I had a couple years where I could skate
not bad, and then it kind of went back down.
Oh, God, that's funny shit right there.
But yeah, no, Calgary was a great time.
Unbelievable city.
Great junior team.
Great junior atmosphere.
You get to see all the pro guys come through, so it was sweet.
Yeah, were you rubbing elbows with any of the guys who were playing for the Flames
knowing that you were one of these up-and-comers?
Yeah, I think, like, sometimes you run across those guys at the rink and that,
but, you know, they big-wheeled us a little bit.
Oh, did they? Iggy? Even Iggy?
I used to give it to Iggy about that all the time.
Oh, damn.
Hey, Gets, I want to ask, like, the last year you played juniors,
it was because of the lockout.
Were you pissed that they didn't let you maybe play in the AHL that year,
or were you fine going back for that last year in juniors?
Well, I mean, it was  the year in junior AHL that year or were you fine going back for that last year in juniors well I mean it was the year in junior was tough that year uh the league was good but you know I think we would have benefited a little bit more from playing the American League but we also did
get to go and play on that world junior team and that was pretty incredible so uh there was good
and bad in all of it I think what did they tell you like why they wanted to go back how come they
didn't want to give you a shot that year? You were obviously ready. We couldn't.
We weren't allowed to.
The way the leagues
worked. We'll get the research in, but
the way the leagues worked. We don't know the
rules around here. This is kind of a different
podcast. R.A.'s our journal
guy, and he still doesn't even know the fucking rules.
15 years ago, three lockouts.
Seriously. You guys don't play by
a lot of rules.
You had to be in the NHL the year before in order to play as a 19-year-old.
Well, let's talk about your time in Portland
because before you went to the NHL,
you did play in the American Hockey League for a bit.
That's a little bit of a pigeon toss by me too.
It's like all the really good ones, they never played in the American League.
No, the best story.
That's true.
No, what's the story though before you go into it when you were there?
Didn't you lose with Anaheim playoff game
and get shipped out for game seven in the AHL?
Oh, that was  well, no, that's fast forward a little bit.
But the first year we were up, me and Perez were up.
We started the year up, and we were in Anaheim until kind of early December.
Team lost eight in a row, and then they sent us down. down we were the answer so they sent us back to the minors
so we go all the way across the country to portland maine where it's minus 40 out and uh
staying at the holiday inn express across the street very nice establishment by the way
um we were there for a month and then we got called back up.
And then, so then that season, we stayed up the whole year.
Went to the conference finals.
The last game of the conference finals played 21 minutes.
And before I even got my skates off, Bob came in and told us
we were going to the minors to play in the playoffs.
Oh, my goodness.
That is like
Nothing gets your heart pumping like going back down to the jungle.
Right to the jungle.
Right to Portland.
Game seven, too.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah, you, Petter, and Worm, right?
You, Petter, and Perry?
Yeah.
Yeah, we all went.
We got there.
Did you guys win it?
We lost game seven in overtime.
Oh, my goodness.
Petter had gold and Perry had one, and we lost 4-3 in overtime.
Now, that wasn't to Wilkes.
That wasn't to Wilkes-Barre, was it?
Who was it?
That must have been a different year.
I thought maybe we'd cross paths there, but no, I'm too big of a pigeon.
No, no, that was to  we lost to Washington's team.
Oh, okay.
Hershey.
Hershey it was.
And then, I mean, eventually you carved out a somewhat decent NHL career
I guess what I guess I'll let you take no I actually wanted to so so it's like forever
linked you and Perry uh all the things you guys have done together so you did you did you know
him before World Juniors that year or when did when was the first time you got to meet him
uh the World Junior Camp I think was the first time we met he uh no yeah we never uh we never met before that world junior camp was the first time we'd met
um you know other than you know i think at the draft we kind of crossed paths quickly but it
wasn't really much like look at this slippery worm this guy's gonna be my guy the next 15 years
well at that time he was as skinny as a post. So, like, the wind blew the wrong way,
and he thought he was just going to fall over.
Hey, how about this, guys?
I tried to describe it, but I was there for just, I mean, a year, basically.
His pregame routine and how ridiculous.
Is it not by the second still with the bar?
He opens the bar.
Do I still have that right?
Oh, yeah.
You still have it right.
He wanders around the room.
He's added stuff since you left.
Oh, jeez. Everything's to the clock, yeah. You still have it, right? He wanders around the room. He's added stuff since you left. Oh, jeez.
Everything's to the clock, man.
You should have seen my first game when he wasn't
there. I didn't even know what to do because normally
I just look when he's doing things and then I'm like,
all right, well, it's time to go get dressed.
Oh, man. Yeah, he's touching
things and tapping them on the pads and
doing certain... But for how skinny he
is, he's pretty solid on his feet.
He's like one of those guys where... Boy, skinny back. Yeah, he's pretty solid on his feet. He's like one of those guys where it's
Boy, skinny packer.
Yeah, he's just solid.
Like you can't just move him.
Like, I mean, maybe now a little bit more so as he's getting older.
He's kind of getting over that hump too.
Yeah.
Oh, I got to ask you  well, you chirped yourself earlier for it.
Yeah, I know.
When you watch that outdoor game between Nashville and Dallas
and he ends up getting tossed, unfortunately. We won won't talk about the hit but that walk of shame
he had that was a that was one of the all-time greats that one for when you're talking about
outdoor games that's gonna go down in history that walk was are you guys watching that in the
locker room just all howling and just shaking your head. Because it would only happen to Perry, too.
Hey, were you guys sending the videos back and forth,
the one that had, like, the Kirby enthusiasm music?
Oh, yeah, when they did all the ISO cam, like, that walk.
It honestly felt like it took 35 minutes from the walk to the dressing room.
I talked to him after, too.
He said that the guy, the field guy, offered to give him a ride in the cart and said no.
And he regretted it every day.
I mean,
the,
the,
the memes that would have come out of him in the cart might've been
better than the ones that I'm just walking for 45 minutes.
They wouldn't have had time to get all the pictures.
Yeah.
They wouldn't, they wouldn't like somehow worked in the Marshawn Lynch one
When he's cruising around the UCL
You could hear the crowd
Booing as he's walking
Up the aisle
And it wasn't like our normal
Where you get booed and then you're gone
It was like 40 minutes
Of booing
I'll get there eventually boy hey uh like are there
any other situations off the top of your head you could think of like that's such a pairs story
that happened when you guys played together that that you can at least tell on the podcast
well that i could tell on the podcast it's very few but um i mean paris is every game you'd notice
when everything goes to bent,
you see him laying on top of the goalie at some point just like,
I don't know what I did.
Like, what, what, what?
And I'm like, Perez, you punched the goalie in the head and then fell on him.
That's what you did.
I watched it.
That's what you did.
I watched the whole thing.
I probably had to fight because of it or something.
So, he's just a little  so so is he not remembering how it all went down
in his head?
Yeah, I think that  honestly, I think he has an ability to, like,
to block that stuff out.
Because we had one time where I remember somebody
or Jared Boll asked him one time when he came to our team.
He's like, how do you do what you do?
Like, and then, like, get up the next morning.
And Perez was like, what? I didn't do anything. And it was then like get up the next morning and and pears was like what i didn't
do anything and it was just like he was dead serious and you were just like that's yep nailed
it yeah i think he believes it that's yeah that's a sociopath i love you pear that's an art
hey how about that team though when you got there and the brief stint when you guys go to the conference final,
but then the next year it's just you guys are scoring,
kicking the shit out of everyone.
I mean, your team was there.
You just must have such great memories of being on such a good team early.
You never really had to carry a team right from the start.
No, we were pretty fortunate to come in when we did in that situation.
We weren't relied on to be the guy right away
and got to learn from some guys that had been the guy for a long time.
So that team was stacked, and we enjoyed every minute of it.
It's like when you're winning and shit.
You learn so much, and you get to enjoy it.
We've had Berkey on here a couple times.
He's great.
He's got such a good memory in terms of like all the stories and things he's going through but he um he must stick
out to you that first year i mean did he ever come down and address the team or was it not really
like that you know what berkey actually like for his you know hard nose that everything that he is
he he really relies on his coach to do his job and kind of lets him do it.
Berkey's biggest thing, he put an office in our gym for him,
and that was more just so he could shoot the shit with the boys.
He comes down and just talks and wants to be a part of it.
He's not really giving any big, grand speeches.
Gets, I was going to say earlier, you were actually a mighty duck for one year then you've been a just
a regular duck now i know everybody loves the logo now but when it first came out people absolutely
hated it because it was a disney movie people thought it was a joke so when you guys switched
over the next year were they only were they any like all the guys like thank fucking christ we
can get this off oh you're putting them on the hot seat jesus i don't know i like the old like
the old old ones were really bad, but the little cartoon duck guy
or the little cartoon wild wing, those were awful.
Yeah.
When I first got there, those were kind of gone.
We wore them as a throwback last year.
I almost puked.
But now, no, I think at the time when the colors and everything changed,
it just gave the organization a new look that guys were in love with
because the orange colors and stuff were a lot better,
but it was also just a new beginning.
Yeah, the new owners had taken over, right?
The Samuelis?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was going to ask you about your relationship with Scott Dietermeyer.
We've had a lot of guys on talk about him, just how, like, cool as a cucumber,
just played his 30 minutes.
He'd come off, have two beads of sweat on his chest,
and it was just this guy was in neutral.
Oh, yeah.
He played the whole game in neutral,
but it was funny because he was a competitor, though.
It was such a weird makeup.
Like, he would go and compete and everything
and not shy away from anything, but it makeup like he would he would go and compete and everything and and not shy away
from anything but he like it was like he didn't care the whole time he was doing it I remember he
uh do you remember the series against Detroit when we lost in game seven he hammered Datsuk
two different times he ran over Jose he would get mad out there and you're like holy he had he had
that next level that he'd snap yeah it was so was so weird. And he didn't really expect it.
And even when he was done doing it,
it was like he wasn't all revved up like the rest of us
where he'd be like throwing that fucking fit.
If somebody did something, he would just be like,
and then come off and be like, all right, I'm ready.
What's the most you've ever seen him like fired up?
Has he ever fought?
He didn't fight here.
I saw the clips of him in Jersey.
I don't know if you guys saw the one where he was swinging the jersey
around and then kicked it.
That was one of my favorite Scotty moments in history.
A snap show.
It was awesome.
He could let the wires really cross.
Yeah, he did there.
I think that might be his only one.
He's got to be a crossword
guy in the locker room.
You guys probably had a few guys when you were there. Weren't you a crossword guy in the locker room. You guys probably had a few guys when you were there, like George Peros.
Weren't you a crossword guy, Getzey?
You just did that out face, got me?
I like that.
That was put on a lady's tease for me.
Guys are doing crosswords more now than ever before.
Marchant was always the paper guy.
Who else? Somebody. Is that shots always the paper guy. Who else?
Somebody. Is that shots
fired at these young bucks, man?
Is it hard to get anything out of them now?
No, I mean, they're doing
alright. I mean, the kids are
what they are. They're a different breed, that's for sure.
Do they say a fucking word to you?
No, they talk more than they're supposed to.
Oh, okay. Exactly. Okay okay all right they're talking a
little too much yes you were kept in check early i bet right and you like to give it back any of
those fucking rookies make fun of your hair i had a couple hair jokes today that didn't earn this
year they didn't go very well no oh you gotta play at least three years to get the hair joke. You've got to earn that. You've got to earn the hair joke.
Yeah.
Like Grinnelli?
Grinnelli ain't fucking using the hair joke.
I'll come at you for it because you've seen my ugly wrench,
so you can come back with that.
Hey, you use what you got, bud.
That's what I'm saying.
You know what that's about, Scubby.
Yeah.
Okay, let's talk about Witt's spray tan incident.
Do you remember that?
Your what?
Do you remember when I spray tanned and I told you guys I got all tan over the summer
and then you were like, you are tan.
What was the practice ring called?
It was terrible.
You bled all over your gear with the spray tan running on it.
That was the other part.
My shin pads were covered in bronze oil for the rest of the season.
That's the worst thing.
We used to play spray tan boy after practice.
You'd have to go get the darkest spray tan if you lost juice boy.
No way.
Oh, yeah.
You look like you lost recently.
No, no.
I'm from California, man.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, Getty. I remember the year I was there,
guys would buy lunch every day, and we were getting P.F. Changs.
There was another one, Arby's.
In-N-Out.
Has it moved up?
Is it a little more classy now?
Oh, yeah, we're classed up now.
We got a full kitchen, and the Ducks are buying lunch now
and serving everybody.
You know, that's the direction the whole game went, you know,
the nutrition, all that stuff.
But, yeah, we had some nice lunches back then, didn't we?
Oh.
And then you had the weigh-in the next day.
It was always devastating.
Where did the nickname Scummer come from?
I don't know if he's ever told us that story.
I don't even know.
It just developed, I think, when he came to our team, let's be honest.
These guys started calling me Scummer. We hung out with him for a couple of nights. I don't even know. It just developed I think when he came to our team, let's be honest.
We hung out with him for a couple of nights.
I think Eminger started. He's like, ah, scummer.
That's probably
true. I've never heard that.
Emer
and I just, we had a field
day with the cash for gold guy
driving into Newport Beach. I mean, this guy
would put
the effort he had,
and me and Emmer would go take pictures with him.
We were boys with him.
You were boys with him.
I think I tried, like, selling him a watch or something,
and Emmer called me scum or something crazy.
I thought you were researching future work.
Can we talk about Randy Carlisle?
We can.
What's that guy like?
He's got me in favor.
Oh, hey, Randy and Getty, like, Getty just give it back to him
like they're buddies, and then he'd laugh.
If I said something back to him, I'd get scratched.
It was just amazing.
I think, would you not agree with defenseman?
He just always had the card of how many Norrises you won.
Oh, yeah.
Every time. He used to say to me, too,
how many points
you got in this league? How many goals you got
in this league? So when I passed them, I text them.
That line is no longer usable.
What was his response?
Was he still a sore loser?
Oh, yeah. No, he was
funny with me. You know what? Randy was a different guy when he was one-on-one with you and? Oh, yeah. No, he was funny. You know what?
Randy was a different guy when he was one-on-one with you and stuff
in different situations.
Obviously, when I was young, he gave it to us hard.
I gave it back to him at some points, and we developed a respect for each other.
Yeah, you've had him for two-thirds of your career now,
and he left for Toronto for four years.
Was he the same coach when he came back to Anaheim?
After the first month, yeah.
What's the line?
All right, help me out here.
A tiger doesn't lose its stripes.
Yeah, a tiger can't change its stripes, yeah.
A tiger can't, but a tiger can't.
Have you watched that Tiger King while you've been sitting home?
I have.
How many kids do you have now? Four. Wow, Getzy. have you watched that tiger king while you've been sitting home that i'm talking about four wow getsy oh yeah buddy good morning just a crazy house right now yeah our household is uh
it's nuts right now mom's running all the schooling and uh dad's building a chicken
coop in the back yeah let's get into that what Yeah, let's get into that. What are you going to do? Are you going to make your own eggs and stuff?
Is that what the purpose is?
Or pets?
Well, the chickens take care of the making them,
but I try to stay out of that.
No, yeah, the chickens, we're going to get some fresh eggs, bud.
Did you grow up on a farm, or was it just something you decided to do
because the wife wanted more eggs?
Yeah, no, the wife  I didn't grow up on a farm my
my dad's whole family's farmers and stuff but um no we just my wife always wanted chickens and
we actually ran out of eggs one of the first days in quarantine here and one of our neighbors
has chickens and gave us eggs you just mentioned family let's talk about your brother he played in
the cfl or does he still play in the CFL uh no he retired now okay
yeah he's first name uh 12 years Chris Chris Gretzloff yes yeah so he was a pretty good
athlete as well didn't he win a great cup he did he won two actually and he uh yeah he had a great
career for himself he he worked hard he was kind of a late bloomer and was able to kind of come on late and got a couple Canadian MVP awards and stuff and offensive player
and had a great career.
Did he play college in Canada?
Yeah, he played in Regina.
So he always played the CFL rules, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You love those, Whit.
Hey, remember that first game you watched where they were punting back?
No, I remember the team got a point for a punt, and I went nuts.
I'm like, what?
It was literally the only game I'd ever seen somebody kick the ball
out of the end zone, and they kick it back in,
and you just happened to be the guy watching too.
Well, no, and I had been chirping, and you're like, oh, my God.
I can't believe this actually happened.
That never happens.
That never happens.
Literally, that's the only time I've ever seen it.
There's one insane
clip where they're just kicking it back and
forth. That was probably the same game
we watched with Scubby.
It was like a game of rugby.
We were watching it at the rink for some reason.
Who's your NFL team?
Packers.
Same here, bro.
You and Biz, a couple of bandwagon fans.
No, I like Favre.
I've been a Packers fan since Brett Favre, bud.
This is awesome, getting a current player
who's willing to joke around about shit
and not keep a tight-lipped organization going on.
Well, I'm pretty professional most of the time.
He's in quarantine.
I'm not going to shit get him.
Put that on hold.
Hey, is golf canceled in California?ia oh buddy yes it's depressing oh no
yeah it was that's the first thing i said when this all went down was at least my golf game
is gonna get good and you know shut her down the next week hey do you think do you actually
i i don't remember if this is a fact so i don'll ask you first. I'm pretty sure there was a point when the first time you put your wheels on
was the first day of training camp at one point in your pro career.
Yeah, that did happen.
Okay.
Do you think you're the last guy to ever have done that?
I'm guessing he is, boys.
You're the last guy in the history of hockey to put his wheels on.
Last game of the year, first day of camp.
It could be.
There was one year, I think it was,
I want to say it was either after we won the Cup
or after my first year.
I didn't take my equipment home.
Hey, just leave it right there.
Leave the tape on the stick, so I'll be fine for September.
Let's talk about that Stanley Cup 2007.
I think this gets forgotten in history.
Everybody talks about the Kings and how they steamrolled to a cup.
You guys fucking buried everyone that year.
16 games, you only lost only five games in four rounds.
No one got more than two wins off you.
I think that gets lost in the dustbin of history.
Why were you so dominant that year?
Well, that year was kind of a, you know,
I think after going to the conference final the year
before we kind of it was right set from the summer where what the goal was and where we
wanted to be so um it was one of those one of the only years where i think the expectation was
what the turnout was for us we we came in with the mentality that we were going to win or it was
or it wasn't good enough so we traded for pronger in the offseason and had two of the top three defensemen in the league
that were on the ice pretty much at all times throughout that whole playoff.
So, you know, amongst the other guys that we had,
but Jiggy and Tamo and Andy Mack and, you know,
I could go down the whole list.
But that year, it was incredible.
That whole run was so much fun.
And we got to win every series at home which
was really cool oh my god yeah very on top that's actually you mentioned andy mack because i think
when they think of that cup it's you and timu and pronger but he was filthy and he was just so
especially then and i know he had so many concussion issues but i'm sure you could tell
people what he was like as a player because i bet you a lot of people don't know or remember.
Yeah, he was incredible.
Watching him and Tamo play together was incredible.
They were able to read off each other, and Andy just got Tamo to puck
in the right spots.
His work ethic was incredible.
He was flying around like a maniac all the time,
and I had to play against him in practice every day.
So that wasn't that enjoyable.
And at that time, I wasn't able to use the giant cross-check on his back
when he started cutting back on me.
How long before Pronger got in the locker room
before he was kind of establishing his dominance?
Well, it took him a while.
I think when he first came in, like, it was probably about a week
before he cross-checked somebody and told them
that they were doing something wrong.
Couldn't believe we had the over-under at seven minutes,
and it turned out to be seven days.
He waited a whole week.
It was incredible.
You guys, I mean, no one pushed you around yet.
You know, May, Paros, Thornton.
I mean, you guys just bullied people.
We did.
We were able to.
I think we led the league in majors that year by 10 or 12 fights.
But, yeah, those guys, they took care of us.
They allowed us to do what we do.
And then, you know, as young players, we were obviously big enough
that we could get our nose in there and get dirty, too,
knowing that I was usually playing with Brad May, Paros, Thornton,
somebody like that. So I was pretty safe when it came to Peros, Thornton, somebody like that.
So I was pretty safe when it came to the big guy coming to grab me.
Well, talk about the difference in game back then,
because even regular season games back then were like playoff games
where if things were getting out of hand, it would get extremely physical.
There was a lot more stick work going on, and slowly it's gotten softer.
So just maybe if you could say it in your own words.
Well, the games just changed totally in that aspect.
And like you were saying, like, you know, our games against L.A.,
our games against Phoenix, our games against San Jose, all those things,
it used to be basically a bloodbath every time.
I remember the Kings weren't very good my first few years.
And, like, there wasn't a game that went by that A, wasn't a fight,
and B, if the end of the game the score was three or four goals,
there was definitely two or three fights.
You kind of had to fight your way out of the building some nights.
It was fun times.
I know.
Thinking back, it's so much different now.
You used to go up on a team four-0 late and be like, no.
Yeah.
Here we go.
It was an entertainment aspect.
It's like, okay, if we lost, as long as they saw three fights,
they feel like they got their money's worth.
Yeah.
So that's why it was a bloodbath.
I think also as players, too, it was like, you know,
even if you lost 3-0, if you made a few guys hurt
and you went out battling, at least you knew you put an effort in.
Sure.
Fair enough. What about Timo? effort in at the end of the night.
Fair enough.
What about Timo?
Was he not the king of the locker room when he was there?
The king of the locker room?
Timo was the king.
He was our enforcer, just to ask him.
I sat beside Timo for nine years in the locker room.
He was an incredible dude.
I had a blast with him.
He was the one who always kept everything light.
There isn't a guy that loved to be at the rink more than him.
How fast do you think he put his gear on?
I had it three minutes.
I think that's over.
He would just bomb in and throw it on a GoPro suit and be showing on the ice. He would be sitting there and he wouldn't be beside me forever.
Then all of a sudden he was there and he was dressed i was like are we going right now gets he's still doing doing his
laces up it's like oh shit trying to get my laces breathing heavy we haven't even talked about the
gold medals yet no that world junior team man yeah is that even fun that was awesome it was
it was uh that was an incredible, especially with a year like that
where the lockout kind of disappointed a little bit.
It was an opportunity to play with a lot of good players.
So, I don't know if you remember why, but Bergeron was in the AHL,
got to go play in that, back to the AHL.
Why couldn't you if you guys were both 85s?
Because he played in the NHL the year before.
So that was the... Alright, so if he...
By doing that... Yeah, there was a few guys.
Dustin Brown did it too, I think.
But yeah, if you played in the NHL
as an 18-year-old, you were allowed to go
play in the American League. That was such a tough
year for that to happen because there were
so many 85s that were
ready to play in the American Hockey League.
And that was obvious because they ended up just stepping into
the NHL the year after.
Yeah. It could have been
a good development year for all of us,
I'm sure. Yeah.
But I'm sure the juniors...
I went up and played in the playoffs that year. That American League
was incredible that year, too. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I think six or
five to seven guys from every American League team
were on the NHL teams the next season.
Yeah.
I went up in the playoffs, and we played the Chicago Wolves,
and they had basically a National Hockey League team.
Yeah.
Well, their owner was paying them all cash out the door, too.
Oh, buddy.
We were driving back and forth from Chicago on the bus,
and they were jumping on their jet and going to play.
They play in the KHL.
They just commute.
What do you got for them, R.A.?
When you were a rookie, did any
players take you under their wing? Did you have any sort of mentors
or did you, like Perry and Penner,
just kind of run wild together?
Well, the nice thing we had,
for as old or as veteran
as our team was, we had a good group
of young guys. I played with, it was me, Pears, Penner, Kunitz.
Lupo was there my first year.
Yeah, so we like  and we all  every one of us lived on the peninsula
in Newport, so we had a nice time.
The older guys kept us in check more than took us under their wing.
I think they made sure we knew how to be a pro and show up at work the next day.
And if we didn't, we heard about it.
We learned that aspect
of the game real early.
Are you and Cali year-round now?
I think when we played together, you were going
up to, was it Kelowna?
Do you have a stutter right now that's coming?
No, I'm trying to think of where you
used to go and spend the summers.
That's a stall tactic. You would know that if you were
in the industry. If you knew how to interview people,
you'd know how to work your tongues just to get a question out.
See, I'm not in the biz, boys.
Yeah, no, I did.
You're right.
I had a place up in Kelowna for five or six years, but I got rid of it.
Once I started having kids and everything down here,
the kids are involved in sports and school and everything else,
and it's a pain in the butt.
Get dialed into the social pipeline.
Woo!
Yeah.
California's not a bad place to be.
You and your wife should go on Real Housewives of Orange County.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
Oh, buddy, they tried so hard to get Paige to do it.
No fucking way.
Oh, they were tracking her for a year.
They needed the captain of the duck's wife she
went through the whole interview process everything and the whole time i was like there's no fucking
way we're doing this yeah they're gonna try to make you look like assholes they get control
creative control oh but there's no good that comes to that can you imagine me on that show
yeah i would just sit in those rooms and just tell people how stupid they sound on the TV all the time. People would be like,
what's wrong with this guy?
This guy hates
life.
You got a lot
of stress on your plate, Getsy.
Getsy, what kind of shows and shit
are you watching?
Well, I was a big
Suits guy.
I'm watching Ozark right now.
What else did I watch this year?
Billions.
Love Billions.
You a Breaking Bad fan?
Did you see that?
I wasn't a big fan.
I watched it, but I wasn't a huge fan.
Hey, I said Ozark had better acting, and I'm getting slaughtered for it.
Really?
I think the acting overall
is better. Thank you.
I'm in your corner, bud. Thank you.
I needed you. You were the wild card and you're
on my side. We should have had this call a while
ago. I'm on your side with that.
Hey, you thought that Housewives
is going to bring you some heat. Wait till you see all
the Twitter followers are going to come after you now.
You know what? The best thing is I don't
have Twitter. Oh, yeah? Okay. Well, nice. Nice.
I have nothing. Anybody,
anybody chirping me on Twitter is chirping somebody else.
Your brother's getting it.
Hey, I was going to ask you about your, your foundation, your charity.
You it's cure Dushane, right? Yeah. Cure Dushane. We've been,
we've been doing this for
a few years now i think this is coming up on our 10th year um me and my wife were trying to start
something here locally and we met paul and deborah miller whose son has uh duchenne muscular dystrophy
and uh it was incredible story how hard they've worked to to try and create something to try and
save their son along with other people and um so we've been putting this event on in September every year,
and hopefully we can do it this year.
We've been able to do some great things and raise a lot of money.
That's great.
That's a hell of a job by you.
What about right now at the kids' home?
Are you teaching?
Oh, buddy.
Homeschool?
No, no, no, no, no.
You don't want me teaching homeschool.
No, I was like, can you do math, Getsy?
Mom takes care of all that stuff.
They'd be working on their face-offs.
My poor wife is trying to do three kids in school right now
and getting a new appreciation for how hard the teachers work.
But she's doing a great job.
She's got them all dialed in every morning.
I'm out in the yard teaching them those kind of things.
We're working on the cross right now.
Oh, okay.
Ketzie, what did you do when you had the cup for a day?
What did you do with it?
What did we do?
We took it back to Regina, my hometown.
We started in the morning.
It was kind of an idea from my buddies uh from us playing street
hockey all the time but we had people uh put a team in and we had a street hockey tournament
nice um and the winner got to take pictures with the cup and whatever um so all my buddies i got
to play with them and then uh people around the city got to put teams in so we did that
for a little bit of charity work and took pictures and stuff and then we just had a big party at
night i remember at the end of it, it was like,
somebody take this cup out of here.
I couldn't even breathe anymore.
It was a long, long day.
Well, we got to go back to the gold medals for the Olympics.
I mean, we can't just glance over those, Ryan.
Those are a big deal.
And you mentioned playing with some pretty special players
for World Juniors.
I mean, those Olympic teams were just fucking loaded.
That's the last time they got to see those group of guys together.
Yeah, it was cool.
You know, especially I think the one in Vancouver especially was really cool.
Obviously, being at home and winning and the way it all happened,
I think you couldn't have really wrote a better script.
But it was also, you better, better script, but,
but it was also, you know, from that Olympic team, I think we,
we had close to 10 guys,
I think that were on our world junior team on that team.
So it was, it was cool that we got to do something else again together where,
where it was kind of, obviously that's where you build,
that's the ultimate goal in, in international hockey.
Russia was just a totally different experience. You know, Vancouver, we were at home, we were comfortable doing everything.
Then we go over to Russia where there was so many unknowns.
Like, you know, we didn't know if we were going to have running water
when we went over there.
So it was kind of  but it ended up the village was incredible.
We had a blast.
We were right on the water over there.
The whole venue was cool, and you got to spend a lot of time
within the village because we were overseas.
That's where I played in the KHL.
Beautiful Sochi.
Did you?
The San Diego of Russia, people say.
There it is.
Is it really?
Did you get up skiing when you were up there?
Yeah, I never went skiing.
I went up to the top of the mountain, though.
I didn't trust Renton Rush and skis but that area that area is actually
so beautiful i mean it's got these wasn't it class mountains then you're on the black sea it's
it's it's unreal i mean i there was nobody in the village that's where we live and we were the only
one so i make do they call it the black sea because it's so dark i have no idea i might even be saying the wrong c it's a body of water
we're not picking on facts on the sand and then there's water it's it's a nice body of water
but the the ski resort looked like whistler it was beautiful are the teammates olympic teammates
that you didn't play with before which ones like really surprised you the most that jumped out at
you didn't realize like maybe how talented they were perhaps.
How about Doughty when he hopped in Vancouver?
Do it.
That guy, he's a weapon.
Let's be honest.
Are you asking him about the story about how he slept in?
Oh, the one in Russia.
Oh, no.
I was actually talking about he was just so good in 2010.
He was like 19 years old.
Right, but remember Mike Richards on the team said that he slept in I was actually talking about he was just so good in 2010. He was like 19 years old. Right.
But remember Mike Richards on the team said that he slept in for the gold
medal game and like Dewey came in and he was kind of like,
oh, I guess he was a little flustered,
but not really considering it was a fucking gold medal game.
No, it wouldn't have been.
Mike Richards walked up and goes,
you slept in for the gold medal game.
For the gold medal game. We're here in Canada playing for the gold medal game. For the gold medal game.
We're here in Canada playing for the gold medal.
It was a 3 o'clock game.
Yeah.
He's like, that's pretty early to get up at 11.
No, he actually almost missed the bus coming home from Russia too.
It was like the weirdest thing because Cause you've, we finished in
Russia. I think the game finished at like four o'clock local. And then by the time we got out
of the rank, it was six. And then we had a bus that night at like three in the morning or something
to go to the airport because of the time change and everything they were trying to get us back.
And so we're obviously out partying and enjoying enjoying the the win and we're all sitting on
the bus waiting to go back to back to our home like we were flying back to new york and then
you go to your home but we're waiting for the private plane and dewey's not nowhere to be found
can't find him so then the bus is whatever in two minutes and he comes down like five minutes after
bus time and he jumps on the bus with nothing not a bag not a nothing and we're like dude what are you doing like where's your stuff
and he's like ah someone will get it he had no passport no nothing we're like dude you can't
get back to the country without a passport this is russia like we're not in canada right now
unbelievable a little piece you just won his second gold medal yeah
i mean the kid's incredible he's a he competes hard he plays hard and and loves the game but
he just he's got a different personality man you think is is it harder to go back to competing
against them the same way when you've seen when you've experienced a moment like that together?
Like, do you see them in a different way when you're facing off?
Because you guys see each other so much every year.
I know.
We do.
And I think the more you played  we played on, like,
three teams together or something, you add a different appreciation.
But you know how it is.
When the puck drops, I don't really care who's on the other side.
It's  I kind of talk to everybody on the ice as it is,
but that doesn't mean I'm not going to run you through the boards
if I get the chance.
So what's something you would say to Dewey
when you're getting a little pissed at him?
Does he play with a little bit of an edge
where he gets in there with the stick a little too much?
Oh, he gets in there with his stick, but then I just cross-check him,
and then he sticks me in the back of the legs.
So you guys  is that a riff you got going right now? No. stick but then i just cross check him and then he uh he sticks me in the back of the legs so you
guys you guys is that a riff you got going right now no i mean honestly like we said before man
that part of the game is so so far gone it's more about just competing and then and then it's usually
over after that it's incredible like it's uh so you have no ongoing riffs right now i don't not
at the moment no those happen very quick with you, though, Getz.
That's true.
Let's talk to him tomorrow.
One of the chickens in his coop might be
driving him insane.
That's very true.
My opinion of somebody could change really quickly.
But I don't hold grudges either, I think.
So that's the other thing.
When we're out on the ice, I compete and play
hard. It doesn't really matter who I'm against.
And then after the game, I could care less what happened out there.
You don't have to name names, but are there any guys in the league
that you always make sure to take a run at every game?
Not that you have a grudge, you just like buried them,
kind of like Tim Jackson or Whitney.
Hey, Jamie Benz plays with an edge, and he's a big fucker.
He's kind of a bully out there.
He is.
Benny, I love the way Benny plays.
He cracks me up because he's such a quiet dude.
Yeah.
And he won't even engage in a verbal conversation with you.
He just looks at you, and then he's like,
he just wants to rip your head off, and you know it.
He doesn't have to tell you.
He's taking crazy pills.
He's just crazy eyes, huh?
He loves it.
He feeds off the blood.
He's like, yeah.
Turns into a fucking zombie out there.
All right, what do you got for him?
You got one more?
Yeah, I was going to say, what are you doing during the day?
Do you got a gym at your house or something?
I mean, obviously, you got to stay in somewhat of shape.
What are you doing?
He's never worked out before.
Why would he start now?
I knew Scummy was jumping in on this one.
I had a script.
I had them both asked two different questions that I could team myself up for.
That's how you do it.
That's how you look like a Pilates guy.
Veteran veteran.
Yeah,
no,
my,
my routines change a lot.
Obviously over the years I'm getting older and,
and trying to stay in shape is a different kind of thing.
I'm not lifting near as much.
I kind of do body weight stuff and a lot more stretching and core.
I just started this.
I actually talked to Bodie Miller yesterday,
who's an ex-Olympic skier.
I don't know if you guys know him,
but he's done a few good things on the hills.
He kind of talked to me about this be strong thing it's this uh um it's called uh
blood flow restriction training so you wrap your legs with uh these blood flow restrictors that
basically make your body work and trick it into thinking that you're lifting heavy when you're not
really so it's kind of a new uh new thing I'm trying the next two weeks here
to see if I can get some good results.
And he's a big believer, and he used it a lot at the end of his career
through injury.
I was going to say this is probably the most mad I've ever been since retiring
is learning that you can now wrap your legs,
and it'll actually act like you're lifting heavy weight.
We still have to move around those scum.
Yeah, I'm a little pissed off too.
I think I could have squeaked in a few more years with this rap.
I think maybe there's a comeback in order here.
I think my buddy would see it coming a mile away.
Hey, Scobie.
Hey, Biz, can we talk just for a second about your lacrosse antics?
Oh, I know.
I never heard how that all went down.
Well, it was a whole spoof video to, like, you know,
advertise for the Vancouver Warriors and LL Lacrosse.
But didn't you go to camp or something?
Yeah, but it was all scripted.
It was all scripted.
But I will say, well, did you watch the fucking video?
No.
It was all about promotion, and both videos got over 400,000 views.
That's all.
Hey, baby. I love it. The analytics speak for themselves, Getzy. Come on, man. They do. no it was all about promotion and both videos got over 400 000 views that's all hey baby
the analytics speak for themselves getsy come on they do i just wanted to hear how it turned out
i should have watched it maybe i'll look it up i'll send it to you i mean hey i i thought i did
a pretty good job of acting when i snapshot on the on the coach oh yeah gm what do you think wet
uh i thought you did a great job biz can act man
have you seen our commercial i have seen your commercial did you those jerseys are incredible
they're just fire they're just i'm waiting for my bottle in the mail though yeah exactly i was
supposed to get your address and send you some i might even ask for it and just never either
that's all about right yes oh yeah now that now. Now that the time is perfect to basically drink because everyone's stuck inside,
we'll send you a nice little care package, Getzy.
We appreciate you coming on, buddy.
Yeah.
I'd appreciate that, boys.
Absolutely.
And at some point, maybe some golf together.
Where are you at?
Big Canyon?
Big Canyon and Kodo.
Oh, boy.
So I got to get out to Cali.
Yeah, you got to come back out, man.
I know. I know, I do.
So that's it, we're done here.
Huge thanks to Ryan Getzlaff
for joining us for a nice chat, man.
Like I said, great dude.
Makes you comfortable talking to him right away.
You guys obviously knew him, but I didn't.
But I enjoyed shooting the shit with him.
Felt like we could have done it for a little longer.
But we were talking about the draft a few minutes ago,
and a lot of people were starting to drag
halfway through the draft, but not if they were taking hydrant you want to kick
the coffee habit but you're worried about your energy levels to avoid the morning sluggishness
that midday slump you need to make sure you're hydrated and hydrant creates flavored electrolyte
packets that you mix directly into your water to make hydrating your body easy and delicious
each rapid hydration mix has the four essential electrolytes that your body needs.
Sodium, potassium, magnesium, and zinc.
They help you hydrate quickly and stay hydrated all day.
And Hydrant starts at just a buck a packet for a 30-day supply.
You can save even more with a monthly subscription.
And for 25 off your first order, go to drinkhydrant.com and enter the promo code CHICKLETS at checkout.
It's like drink hydrant, like a fire hydrant.
Promo code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Once more, that's drinkhydrant.com.
Enter the promo code CHICKLETS for 25 off your first order.
Drinkhydrant.com.
Promo code CHICKLETS.
All right, boys.
I'm not sure if you saw the birthday cake Saturday.
I got to bring one thing up.
So last episode when you said, oh, you threw one in the dirt,
I've never heard that term.
I was fucking howling.
And obviously I got a few texts about it,
and I've forgotten that a guy that I played with,
and I don't know if you play with him, but you know him,
and he has a throw inin-the-dirt move that's legendary when he's a quick comer, or was in his day.
He was a ladies' man, and he used to go down and eat the girl out first,
and he would jerk off on the end of the bed and throw one in the dirt underneath the mattress.
And he was able to stay hard, and then he would go to work.
And to me, that's a fucking awesome move if you can pull it off because then you never look like a fucking fool like me.
Well, you'd probably never get kicked out of a cougar's house in Wilkes-Barre, I guess.
I wish I would have known the move.
Yeah, Biz, I might have used that trick back in the day once or twice.
I can do what you got to do.
Oh, it's a throwback move.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, keep them distracted.
If you know the demon premature thing is going to happen,
then you got to get ahead of it.
So whatever.
I read about it on the internet.
Hey, I did write a blog.
It was Saturday.
Dude, Al Pacino, 80 years old.
His birthday was the other day.
I figured I'd give him a little tribute online.
I posted a poll.
What do you think his best role was?
Obviously, Michael Corleone was the favorite in the crew.
I put in Tony Montana for Scarface.
Sonny from Dog Day Afternoon, and the fourth one was Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade from Scent of a Woman,
which is the only movie that Al Pacino won his Oscar for.
Michael Corleone did win the voting with 50 of the vote.
But it was interesting.
I figured Sonny from Dog Day Afternoon wouldn't get a lot of the vote.
He didn't.
But if you never saw Art Biz, you ever see Dog Day Afternoon
when Al Pacino plays the bank robber in the 70s movie based on a true story?
I have not seen a lot of his early stuff.
It's tremendous.
He's so good in it.
He's just a dipshit in that bank robber, but it's like a comedy too.
It's based on a true story, and he plays the role to a hill.
It was four straight years in the 70s that Al Pacino was nominated
for an Academy Award from Godfather, well, both Godfathers, Serpico, and Dog the Afternoon.
He was nominated four years in a row.
What's up, Whit?
So I haven't seen Glenn Gary Glen Ross.
Is that what it's called?
Yeah, Glenn Gary Glen Ross.
And on the day of his birthday, well, what the hell?
I just tried saying the day of his birth.
So on his birthday, his birthday well what the hell i just tried saying the day of his birth so on his birthday they were they were showing clips and i saw the clip of him calling kevin
spacey a fucking cunt who he turned out he was way worse than that kevin spacey's a scumbag
but he was incredible in that scene and i i gotta check out that movie now what is that about
stock market no it's about salesmen.
Four guys that are selling.
I think they're real estate salesmen, and the gift, the bonus is like a set of knives.
Whoever sells the most, I'm pretty sure it's real estate.
But it's actually a play, David Mamet.
Oh, is it not a good movie?
No, the movie's good.
It's a very good movie, but it almost looks like a play because it all takes place sort of like in one office with you know jack lemon alec baldwin al pacino and uh spacey the four of them they all put on an acting clinic if you if you like to sit back and watch guys put a clinic
on it's definitely worth checking out but yeah al pacino man 80 years old so uh you know figure
give him a little nod on the old blog guy's got a hell of a resume i'm trying to find the other
all the other stuff but oh yeah oh, yeah, here it is.
Nine-time Oscar nominee, four supporting, five leading, only won once.
But what's interesting is the Godfather, the original, the first one,
he was nominated, but he was nominated for supporting actor,
and he refused to go to the Oscars because he felt he got screwed
that he should have been nominated for lead actor.
And he was correct because he was actually in The Godfather
more than Marlon Brando was,
and Marlon Brando won the award for best actor.
Here's what I'm going to say.
I think he looks like kind of a prick
because it's almost like you're still getting up for an award.
The guy's older than you.
He was in it maybe a little less, but close to half as much.
Your time will come.
He sits it out.
He pulled a big-time NBA move, I think.
He sat it out because he wasn't happy.
I mean, you were still up for a big-time award,
and a guy above you, a little seniority on you,
it was his turn from the same movie.
It was an honor.
Well, did you hear what Marlon Brando did when he won?
Did he say the other guy should have won?
No, he didn't go to the awards either.
He sent up a Native American, an Indian, whatever the proper fucking terminology.
I get yelled at no matter what I say.
He sent an Indian woman up to refuse the award on his behalf
because he was protesting the treatment of American Indians at the time.
So he sent up, I want to say her name was Sasha Littlefeather,
but don't quote me on that.
And she went up and politely refused the award
because Roger Moore, who plays James Bond, he was going to on that. And she went up and politely refused the award because Roger Moore,
who plays James Bond, he was going to give her the award,
and he very politely, like, you know, okay, backed off,
and she gave the little statement that Marlon Brando had given her to read.
So, yeah, he didn't take his award either.
There's always a story with the Academy Awards.
But, you know, he had a tough run too.
I mean, he lost to Jack Nicholson for Cuckoo's Nest in 75.
You know, every year he went up against someone. It seemed like there was a tough run, too. I mean, he lost to Jack Nicholson for Cuckoo's Nest in 75. Every year he went up against someone.
It seemed like there was a tough competition.
But either way, it's just an award.
We all know how good I am.
All right, what's the biggest robbery you've ever seen at the Oscars?
Dances with Wolves beat Goodfellas for Best Picture.
Disgusting.
What happened?
Dances with Wolves was the Kevin Costner, another Indian movie.
That beat out Goodfellas?
That beat Goodfellas, yep.
Way back in the day.
That's bullshit, but I actually don't mind Dances with Wolves as a movie.
I've watched it.
It's like three and a half hours long.
I didn't mind it.
No, it's a very good movie.
At the time, well, not at the time.
It had a message about the history of America
and how people were treated and shit like that,
but it just wasn't a better movie than Goodfellas.
It didn't really come close to Goodfellas, but it won the award,
and I think that also spoke to who's voting on the awards.
I think people forget that the Academy Awards,
they're not voted on like Joe Sixpack by any stretch.
It's a very exclusive group of people between
I think 5,000 and 7,000 people.
And at the time, certainly Goodfellas,
it was largely and overwhelmingly
old, white, and rich.
So they're probably maybe
not going to like a very violent
movie like Goodfellas. They might lean a certain
way. But yeah, that's probably the
biggest Oscar miscarriage I can
think of. And also Saving Private Ryan the fucking um shakespeare in love what another fucking oh
oh that is how do you not start with that well because i mean well he wanted to ease into it
he didn't want that reaction right off the hop i would have had a heart attack if that was first i
guess saving private ryan lost lost to Shakespeare in Love.
Shakespeare in Love.
Yeah.
What an absolute disgrace.
And that is probably a different reason.
And this guy, obviously, he's a scumbag in jail for rape right now.
But Harvey Weinstein was the producer behind Shakespeare in Love.
And he was well known for, like, muscling everybody back then,
especially when the awards came.
He put the full court press on.
They would pay tons of money for advertising.
I mean, if you look at Weinstein's track record when it comes to the Oscars,
a lot of his movies that he was behind production-wise, they had no business winning.
I should say no business.
A lot of them shouldn't have won.
Okay.
But he had so much power and sway in the industry, that's what happened.
People would vote for him.
But you're saying those 5,000 to 7,000 very important people,
those people are fools then too, then you're saying.
Obviously, Weinstein.
That means they can be bought.
Yeah.
So exclusive group of scumbags we can call these voters maybe.
Well, you know, I also with the thing with Shakespeare in Love too,
and this is probably another factor,
is the whole like writer production thing.
It's almost like a,
almost like a Hollywood inside Hollywood movie.
Cause it's about putting on a production from behind the scenes,
even though it was Shakespeare way back then,
it was also still about,
you know,
having a writer putting on a production.
So it could be like viewed as like a inside Hollywood movie as well too.
But yeah,
it beats saving private Ryan.
Another movie from that year though,
was really good.
Elizabeth with Cate Blanchett.
Fantastic movie, man.
I know it's like not everyone wants to see a movie about Queen Elizabeth in the 1800s,
but I watched it on a whim one night, and Cate Blanchett absolutely fucking killed it.
So if you're looking for a flick to watch, Cate Blanchett and Elizabeth can do a lot worse than that.
All right, boys, thanks for humoring me.
You know I could talk movies all day and all night,
so I appreciate the chatter back.
But that's going to wrap it up
for this episode.
Everybody have a fantastic
week out there.
We'll check back with you Thursday
and happy grinding.
Peace.
As always, we'd like to send
a big thanks to our fantastic sponsors.
A big hearty thanks to our good pals
over at New Amsterdam Vodka
and Pink Whitney.
A big thanks to our new sponsor, Mack Weldon, keeping us nice and and Pink Whitney. A big thanks to our new sponsor, Mack Weldon,
keeping us nice and comfy and cozy.
A big thanks to our friends at Adam and Eve,
keeping us comfy and cozy during quarantine in a different way.
And a big thanks to everybody at Hydra for keeping us nice and hydrated
during the quarantine as well.
Take care, everybody.
Have a great week.
Psychic Spice from China
Try to steal your mind's elation
And little girls from Sweden dream of silver screen quotations
And if you want these kind of dreams, it's California-cation
It's the edge of the world in all of Western civilization
The sun may rise in the east, at least it's settled in a fine location
It's understood that Hollywood sells Californication Hey, you're Sergeant Barry
Well, you break the spell of aging
Celebrity skin is disgusting
There isn't one you're waiting
First born unicorn
Hardcore softcore Firstborn unicorn Hot, cold, soft, cold
Dream of California, yeah
Dream of California, yeah you
