Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 266 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Let's check in with the gang, see how everyone's coping with the old Q-teen over here, our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
Let's get it out of the way.
What's going on, guys?
Very excited for today's interview.
Today, obviously, Barstool Chief and Tom Green.
I mean, that's an A-plus interview I think we got on hand,
so I'll let you guys talk about that, but that was a fun one to do.
Okay, I met Zach Wierenski, but that's fine.
We can get to that later, but yeah, Canadian comedy legend Tom Green.
As a guy who grew up watching him, I was so psyched to interview him
and Chief with some great insight on the Blackhawks,
but next up, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, guys?
I was very surprised, Mikey, that you mentioned to me
you had no clue who Tom Green was leading up to the interview
until you Google imaged him, and then you said,
oh, he's that guy.
So maybe that'll be the case for some of you young, dumb students out there
like Mikey Grinnelli, but he was, for me, that Tom Green show,
and we go into how he would torture his parents
and do the craziest stuff you could imagine in public.
I remember dying laughing at it.
And so I was fired up to interview him.
He did not disappoint, and I think everyone will enjoy it if you know who he is or not.
He's an OG.
He's an innovator.
No doubt about it.
And that's the voice of one Biz Nasty, Paul Bissonette.
How we doing,
buddy? How we coping? I'm doing good. I got to throw it back over to G though, because I don't
want you to forget to tell, say what you got to say. I do love Zach Aransky. I love him a lot.
Yeah. Cause if you forgot, that'd probably be like a two episode penalty. We have to drag that
on even longer. Um, boys, everything's been good. Uh, I was listening a bit to last episode with Ryan Getzloff and I want to throw it
back over to you guys.
Ari, were you, or mainly you, cause you're a fan and you never really played at the professional
level.
No offense.
Not a big deal.
Um, did you know what juice boy was?
And then of course led into tan boy, apparently on Getzloff's team.
I assume Juice Boy
I thought
for BX for a second but then I'm like
well he's Juice not Juice Boy so
I was confused but you guys are
flowing so good I don't want to be like
what's that mean and fuck it all up because I already
get enough shit for that
I need to learn some of that etiquette
yeah so I let it ride but
just on a personal level dude if this guy played in fucking New York,
Philly, Boston, Detroit, anywhere in Canada,
he'd be so much more of a legend right now because he has such a great
personality.
Like, he just fit like a fucking hand in a glove with us.
I mean, we were vibing.
Some guys come on and you just feel it right away.
And Getz Laff had that.
And, like, the fact he plays in Anaheim, I know,
people have, I think, missed out on this guy for the last 10, 15 years a lot. Well said, all right. feel it right away and gets laugh had that and like the fact he plays in anaheim i know people
have i think missed out on this guy for the last 10 15 years a lot well said all right and sometimes
when we're talking with the hockey boys and it gets more conversational we glance over some of
these silly things that happen at the pro level and i think they even do them in junior actually
well in junior it was juice boy and and and other leagues like that would start doing that.
And then, of course, it would evolve.
Like where even in junior, we started doing Porn Mag Boy,
where if you were the last guy to shoot in the shootout once a month,
at the end of the month, every guy would line up and the goalies would be in net
and the last guy to end up scoring a goal.
And, of course, if you're in round six and two guys miss those two
guys go again right so it's not it's it's it's last guy out and that guy would have to get everybody
juice well of course in junior you know when you're taking a dump in the stall before practice
you get the porn mags in there i mean probably not anymore but that was old school right and
if you lost that you had to get all the porn mags. And then some teams kept getting more and more excessive with it, of course,
and it turned into Mustache Boy, which, you know,
it sucked the wheel around for a month with a mustache on for some guys.
Oh, well.
Some guys started doing, like, 70s Suit Boy,
so they had to travel in this, like, god-awful 70s suit
for the next month on road trips.
And to hear that it got to to get soft saying they used
to play spray tan boy that is fuck so you had to walk around with a spray tan for three four days
i mean i've i've i've experienced how painfully embarrassing it can be to not do a spray tan
correctly or live the life that you're supposed to do after. But Juice Boy was a blast. We did a, you can't brush your teeth, boy.
For a month?
No, no.
It was like three days or something.
I actually don't even remember.
All I know is in all of those games you do,
no matter what you pick, you never wanted to lose.
Even Juice Boy, it was a nightmare getting everyone
because listen, guys, it's not  you're getting little cups of Gatorade.
Actually, nowadays, they for sure have the sick bottles, full bottles in there.
I think with me, I was in the minors.
I was still filling it up with like a soda machine.
But you never wanted to be the guy that's delivering everyone,
oh, unlace the skate boy.
You got to take everyone's skates off.
Oh, that's humiliating.
That's hell on earth, dude.
Wet laces ripping through your palms.
No thanks.
If you could think of one off the top of your head, R.A.,
which one would you do?
What would be the consequence?
I mean, I know which one I wouldn't want to do,
and that's rounding up the smut mags,
because you just don't know what people do with
those things. You know what I mean?
I mean, some guys...
They're in the locker room.
No one's cranking it in the room, I don't think.
Well, I was going to say, when Biz was like,
whoa, look at this one. I could see him totally going
to the stall. He's like, well, I'm going to be a health bar tonight.
I don't care about my legs anyway.
Okay, now this leads into a different discussion.
Listen to my lips, because I don't need this going viral.
All of a sudden they're figuring out guys are cranking it off before practice.
You go in there, you take a shit, and you look.
Oh, that girl.
Come on.
I think people say it gets your animal instinct to come out a little bit more.
It gets you like a savage before the game.
It's like a shot of testosterone.
In some deuce positions, too, it ends up getting a little more
blood there than you expect.
You got an OUI magazine in front of you.
Funny things can happen.
You're last in the bank, Steve.
We're not talking about your first day of kindergarten, dude.
We're talking about an NHL game.
Hey, you're last in the bank, Steve.
You're like, sorry, I got a boner before breakfast.
Got no blood in my legs.
Hey, I was an aspiring Playboy photographer at 10 years old,
so don't mess with me.
Come on, coach.
Did you see that fucking old thing I found from my school years, Biz?
No.
I had to write.
I had a teacher that used to make us write an autobiography.
We were fucking 10 years old, and I clipped a paragraph.
It was when I get older.
When I was younger, and I was 10 when I wrote it, when I was younger,
I used to want to be either a movie director,
an astronaut, or a Playboy photographer.
You wrote that down?
Yeah, it's in my sheet.
And, dude, people are like, imagine that. I go, dude, teach it, didn't raise an eyebrow.
Didn't call my mother for a conference or nothing.
I mean, assuming she even read the fucking thing.
So, yeah, and then I changed it.
Now I said I want to be a pro baseball player,
pro basketball player, or a pro wrestler.
There you go.
It's funny, man.
I was like, wow, I never remembered as a kid
wanting to be a movie director.
I was like, fuck, I wish I stuck with that ambition.
But anyways, let's talk about some sports.
And Sunday night, after we last met with the folks out there,
we got to watch the latest installments of The Last Dance,
the Michael Jordan Bulls documentary.
This one focused heavily on the scumbag Detroit Pistons.
Honestly, as a Boston guy, probably one of the most hated teams.
You hated them more than the Canadians would
because the Canadians weren't fucking dirty scumbags for the most part.
They played the game of class.
They just kicked your ass.
The fucking Pistons were fucking hellions.
Bill Van Buren, probably one of the most hated athletes in Boston and anywhere.
Rodman, Isaiah.
Isaiah was nasty, too.
I know people hate him, but he was nasty.
What was your take on parts three and four, Whit?
Very entertained.
This is like you don't want those to end.
I mean, I'm so into this right now.
And somebody said there's so many different stories that they tell
that I wish they could go
even more in depth with, but Rodman.
Oh my God.
Well, no, first I had no clue.
He was that good in Detroit.
Because I don't, because that was maybe, was that 88?
They won there too, 89 and 90.
Yeah.
So, I mean, I was, I was young, right.
But I do remember Rodman on the Spurs.
That's kind of where I thought he began.
And then he was on the Bulls, and that's what you think of.
But that guy was a gamer.
Absolute beast.
And his story, tell me if this is incorrect,
and if I'm getting this wrong, what's the saying?
Mea culpa?
Mea culpa, yeah.
Mea culpa.
I read his father had 43 kids
i hadn't read that but that's gonna be a record holy shit let's get a roman ad now let's get up
let's get a big time fact check but unless i'm unless i'm completely misreading something
but no seriously the like his life growing up, I mean,
he went through some shit.
And then when he said he needed those days off and just went to Vegas
and then they came back and the hours were continuing to roll past
when he was supposed to return to the team.
This is when he's on the Bulls.
That was one of the most entertaining TV segments I've ever seen.
Yeah, he was an incredible player.
He didn't care about scoring.
He was all focused on rebounding and defense, which is what you need.
I mean, he's a five-time NBA champion, dude.
Hall of Famer.
He had his quirks.
He definitely could be a challenge as a teammate,
but as far as watching a guy go balls out every game,
Dennis Robin did that, man.
So, obviously, you guys are not in agreement with Bill Simmons' tweet.
I've been blocked by him since fucking the Stone Age.
Oh, really? Okay.
Well, he just said, like, basically,
like, Rodman's really not that interesting.
And I'm like, holy Jesus, come on.
And then he kind of dialed it back in a following tweet.
But I didn't see episodes three and four,
but of course the whole Rodman stuff was going viral and oh my god carmen electra she is stunning oh yeah yeah i mean she
looks younger than she used to she still has her fastball i i went to post a wake up song uh monday
morning and there was like 17 common electric blogs already in the fucking mudroom in Boston.
I was like, Jesus, boys.
I mean, literally, I think.
Want to talk about cranking it out in the stall?
Seriously.
Now we can talk about that.
We can continue that conversation.
She is good for her, man.
Wow.
She looked great.
She looks like she's doing well.
All right.
You got to admit, too, back to that pace on the Celtics piston series.
The Celtics walked off.
There was video of them doing the same thing that Detroit did.
Yeah.
So I kind of bought Isaiah's like,
Hey,
that's what they did.
Like when,
when we beat a team,
they,
they just disappeared.
We just left.
Now it was a scumbag move,
but the fact Jordan still hates him is beautiful.
He still,
you can tell despises the guy.
Dude,
like bird hate.
They,
everybody hates the guy.
Like, I think they think he's a phony because he always has that big shit-eating grin.
And Isaiah, like, he acts like this friendly guy.
And behind the scenes, he's cutthroat.
But as a ballplayer, man, in my lifetime, top fucking probably six
or seven ballplayer that I watched in my era, no doubt about it.
A premier point guard.
Yeah, they all hate his guts.
And I'll say this.
Yeah, there's just something about him.
He's tough to like, Isaiah Thomas.
Now, once again, not watching episodes three and four.
I knew they were a very rough team, but what was going viral was the fact
that they basically said, we're going to try to hurt Michael Jordan
every time he goes near the basket.
The Jordan rules, yeah.
Yeah, that's what they gooned.
They were basically the Philadelphia Flyers of basketball.
They came along and really they gooned it up.
They won back-to-back titles.
And then the league instituted rules to lessen that type of basketball.
I mean, and it was, I mean, it was, I enjoyed it.
It was great to watch, but it was like getting,
it was like getting WWF out there.
I was like, so nowhere near the violence that hockey had, but that was their era of it.
Yeah.
They called them the bad boys for a very good reason.
I'm going to watch them on game tapes.
Yeah, you got to check it out.
Well, speaking of stalls, Biz, the other team that plays in the United Center
made some waves this week.
The Chicago Blackhawks fired team president and CEO John McDonough
out of the blue.
There was no hint this was on the horizon,
especially when a friend of the program, Rocky Wertz,
said a month ago there wouldn't be any front office changes.
But, you know, you take a look.
The Hawks haven't made the playoffs since 2017.
They haven't won a series since they won the Cup in 2015.
Rocky's statement said it will take a new mindset
to successfully transition the organization
to win both on and off the ice.
And, you know, to his credit, McDonough released a very nice statement himself,
thanking the team, how he's going to continually root for them.
My buddy Danny Wertz is going to serve as interim team president
while they search for new one.
He's currently the vice president.
And, you know, I know McDonough had his detractors,
and, you know, the franchise was in tough shape when he came in.
He helped change it around.
And, you know what, boys?
We're going to send it over to one of those detractors right now.
And right now, we're going to bring on one of those detractors
that I just mentioned.
He's my buddy.
He's been covering the Blackhawks for Boston for about seven years now,
and he's probably one of the best hockey guys we have at Boston.
Knows the game inside and out.
Love to welcome back to Spittin' Chicklets, my buddy, Boston Chief.
Well, all right.
Great intro. One of the best hockey guys. I guess you forgot what happened at the Pond Hockey Tournament. out love to welcome back to spit and chicklets my buddy bastu chief well all right great intro
one of the best hockey guys i guess you you forgot what happened at the pond hockey tournament i feel
like my reputation there took a bit of a hit i meant from a big j perspective not necessarily
on the ice but seeing as you brought it up well i i just think that you were known as an off-ice
guy and then people watch and they know why you're an off ice guy,
but still you're a big time locker room guy.
Yeah.
You're like the league and healthy scratches,
like all of that.
Like,
no,
you're just media.
That's what they say.
Oh,
it's media.
I literally was falling over the whole gate,
but no,
that was,
that was fun.
Couple of weekends.
I missed the new Hampshire,
but Toronto was a blast,
but getting into McDonough and his dismissal.
So I I'm going to have you talk to me like I'm a 10-year-old
because I guess on this subject I kind of am.
When I think of the Blackhawks and their struggles,
I would never think to blame that guy in any way.
So it's like explain to me why you and many other Hawks fans
were so fired up that a guy who at one point everyone loved
is now like you know
gone and everyone's banging chief is what Witt's asking I don't know if I can say that without
getting sued because there are answers to that but uh yeah it's it's one of those things where it's
it's a top-down thing and he is a meddler so if you ask around you talk to people in that
organization he sits in every single hockey ops meeting.
He has an opinion on everything.
And there's a guy in that organization whose only job is to tell John McDonough
that his hockey ideas are good.
So he's around.
If you think that he had nothing to do with that Panarin trade,
I mean, he was involved in that.
I heard that from an NHL agent, so take that for what it's worth. But he he was involved in that you know i heard that from an nhl agent so take that
for what it's worth but you know that he he does get involved i had a buddy who coaches for an ahl
team who would be like yeah john mcdonough's here by himself in scout seats so like he fancies
himself a little bit more uh on the hockey op side than people realize so again you know this
is all heck secondhand thing i wasn't at that american league game in milwaukee where this occurred um he's at a milwaukee admirals game against the wolves
not like he's scouting teams that the hawks don't even have players so he's like looking for trades
i don't know what he's doing so he's out there all over the place and honestly like it is a
cultural problem i think that they were going to have a lot of top people leave on the business
side uh if he had been retained i think people are kind of eager
like myself for changes to hockey ops that was never going to happen uh were you aware of this
beforehand or now that you've heard this are you going to be a little less hard on standard do you
think ultimately he should stand should be in fact falling on the sword because you'd set by the
sounds of it you seem to think that this guy had a lot and say some of the big moves that were going on yeah i think it was one of those
things where stan liked his job and part of the way to keep your job around the blackhawks is to
be tight with mcdonough so keep your mouth shut exactly or not throw him down the under the bus
he wasn't or even just or even kind of kiss ass a little bit like that's kind of been the rumor so
like he's a big ego guy you know name another team president around the league if they
weren't a former player like can you do it like a guy who's on the business side yeah and they
brought him over from the cubs right exactly yeah he's a big guy in florida's involved like sifu or
something but i you're right nothing like nothing like him i think part of it though coming over
from the cubs and what he did there it was all there's like this mystique around him you know what i
mean for sure yeah for sure and he you know he's a well-known guy around town a powerful guy around
town he's got a lot of friends in the media uh and they in they would write about how great john
mcdonough was and i think that's part of the reason why he has like this image it's kind of
one of the reasons why i went after him a little bit because i was like this is seems like all a bunch of bullshit and uh you know you're only as
good as the the checks that rocky wurtz allows you to write um and you know the whole one goal
thing got very stale like that was annoying and you know the fact that it seemed like he he had
the choice between uh the bowman's and quendle like that was a big power struggle he ultimately
went with the bowman's and that you know and it just hasn't worked out so I think you know what we
might see Bowman retained here for a while but I wouldn't be surprised if they either like promote
him out of the day-to-day like hey you're but you know you're SVP of hockey ops but we're bringing
in a new general manager or if they bring in somebody above him to kind of like hey like we're not
trading panarin for a guy who's a top 100 player we're not trading a top 10 player for a top 100
player we're not doing that so all right quickly before you go if if i was in in his like situation
and they actually said yeah you're gonna keep the same salary but you don't have to be gm anymore
you're going up top i'd be like unbelievable yeah i wonder if people would be happy about that because if you're
if you're still making the same it's like no more pressure that's a playbook in chicago too the white
socks have done that with kenny williams um you know the ryan's family who they share the united
with the bulls and the bulls did it too with john paxton they just kicked him upstairs uh and you
know gave him some different title but he's not involved in the day-to-day. So there is a history of that, not with the Hawks, but with this city.
I do feel like we should give him some props, though, Chief.
I know, obviously, you have your issues with him as a fan, rightfully so,
but he really did help modernize that franchise.
They didn't even have a receptionist when he joined the team.
The HR department was nonexistent.
Most of the majority of the employees wore skates and had sticks
because they were all players.
They just had no organizational structure.
And he did come in.
I mean, he was there almost, I think, 13, 14 years.
So there was a lot of good he did bring it to the Francis
because they certainly needed it.
You know, after the old man Wertz died and Rocky took over,
they got a whole new mindset in there.
But I did hear, read stories about, you know,
players would go running for a hat when they knew they had an interview
because they wanted to make sure they had that, the logo on a, you know,
he wanted to, if you didn't address him every day,
you'd get basically written up.
Do you think maybe the players maybe went to Rocky or Danny because they just
got so sick of the micromanaging? Like this guy's up by fucking ass, man.
He's not even GMs. Don't do this. Why is he here?
No, I think that's definitely a thing, and I do want to give him credit
for the things that he did do because he came in here, like you said,
the organization, ESPN.
I remember it like it was yesterday reading it.
They ranked all the North American professional sports franchises.
Blackhawks came in like dead last at 250.
No way.
253 or whatever it was.
They were getting like 6,000 people
one of my rookie year.
Best logo and then the worst organization.
That's a tough swing.
We would come down.
I went to college about an hour north.
You could get into the United Center
with a student ID for four bucks
and sit wherever you wanted.
So it was 8 to get in,
but student ID was 50.
Can't even get a chocolate bar in that place
for that down.
Exactly. It's cheap. It's cheap. Yeah. Did you go to Notre Dame? dollars to get in but student id was 50 can't get a chocolate bar in that place for that exactly
yeah did you go to notre dame no i went north buddy d3 hockey like okay yeah you're just a
huge notre dame football excuse me yeah go ahead yeah so um no i do love notre dame football too
but yeah that that was one of the uh you know he definitely changed things like getting the
winter classic that first year um you know, I guess one of the 17.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So that,
that was that Detroit one at Wrigley.
Like I was there for that.
That was so sweet.
He was,
you know,
calling Bettman allegedly every single day to get that done.
And that was before the Hawks were the Hawks,
you know,
it was Taves and Kane's second year.
So they went to the conference finals that year.
So yeah,
he was like,
he did some very good things,
but yeah,
the micromanaging thing is very real. I don't mind like wearing the logo and making sure you have the hat on the
locker room i think that's kind of like hey take pride and like this is our team all that whatever
but you know sending guys home on the business side for their tie being an inch too long or
their shirt being too bright or you know i love that shit a lot of weird get them out of there
that's how you win championships right a. A lot of weird dress code stuff.
Straighten up and fly right.
You bring up the point.
There was nothing better in those days because the Bruins
were in a similar trajectory, Chief. They
weren't driving for shit, too. And there's no
better feeling than walking up in front of the building and
cutting a scalper's throat and getting in the
bond for fucking 5. And
you weren't going to see your home team. You were going to see
you know, I mean, Gretzky might have been in town.
Fucking anyway, Theo Fleury, whatever great superstar was in town.
So that was all.
For me, it was Forsberg.
Anytime Forsberg was in, I was taking the trip.
I was happy R.A. hopped in there and told us about the good stuff
because, I mean, I thought you were going off the top ropes
like you used to do in the Seabrook hate articles.
Oh, I don't have Seabrook hate articles.
I love that. Well, you even get a little bit critical ofrook hate articles. Oh, I don't have Seabrook hate articles. I love that.
You even get a little bit critical of him and what he's making
and blah, blah, blah, just like the rest of them over there.
And then I didn't even know you played D3 hockey, by the way.
I see you at the pawn hockey tournament.
I don't think you stood up longer than 10 seconds while on a shirt.
I mean, you
You were blowing tires.
I couldn't believe it.
Every time I looked, this guy would be falling down.
I thought maybe they'd paid him to Zamboni,
or that's how he was covering his cost.
Your boy Kevin Miller sat in the locker room next to me at prep school, too.
So, yeah, Kevin Miller, Pat Cullity, you know,
played against Cam Atkinson and Quick and all those guys.
Were you playing with double blades back then or something?
Did you go Berkshire or something?
Yeah, Berkshire prep, yep.
No shit.
So, I mean, we didn't have a good year.
Doesn't Berkshire produce some nasty college basketball players
that go to Kentucky and stuff, right?
I remember it was the only time where hockey wasn't lined up
with the basketball scouts.
When we walked in, the first guy I saw was Jim Calhoun.
Yeah, big-time program. Yeah, we had about 12 guys who were there for basketball. basketball squad when we walked in the first guy i saw was jim calhoun like a 50 person program
yeah we had about like you know 12 guys who were there for basketball and and uh yeah but we always
have like big time college uh coaches from the big east making their way up there chief what do
you think the apparent change of heart with rocky was because about a month ago he said to the
athletic that he had no plans to uh change anything in the front office and you know rocky's a straight
shooter and he did say calm rocky so i will call I will call him when we met him in Chicago,
so I'll call him Rocky.
He was a great guy, but, you know, and all of a sudden,
this firing, I think it surprised the whole hockey world.
So where do you think the sudden change of heart came from?
So I was very surprised by the announcement,
but I was also surprised by that sound bite from Rocky,
because I had heard that there was momentum for change.
And when Rocky made that announcement, I assumed it was like, hey, we don't know when the draft is.
We don't know when the regular season is.
We don't know when we're starting back up.
It'd be better just to have some continuity and kick this can down the road than make big-time wholesale changes.
And I assumed that that's what that was about because I really thought that there would be you know plans for change in the summer um and then when that announcement happened i was like
holy shit like i can't believe they're not doing anything but ah maybe it makes sense when they
came back with this one it was like well maybe they just went with the original plan and the
only like report that i've heard um was this guy from a local media guy said it was about like
covid response and like rocky and and uh john m McDonough like disagreed about like what the proper
approach would be.
And like big picture stuff.
I've always heard that John McDonough was like kind of too big for his
britches.
Like we talked about the hockey ops thing.
Like what are you doing in there?
But he would walk around like it was his team.
So maybe he just like he's a habitual line stepper with the Wurtz family.
And maybe he just got up there and like gave a response to the league about what the Hawks want to do without clearing it.
Like I could see that happening, too, based upon like the other thing.
So if if that first tweet were true and that's a guy from like a local radio like WBBM, like I don't know like how accurate that is.
But sometimes those people know, though, you know, you're right.
And anyone can have a good
source a good story and it could be somebody you know from the family like that guy's old
health maybe he's been around the team for 35 years or something like that and they gave this
yeah exactly run with it nobody's gonna believe him anyways right exactly so that could be a thing
how significant do you think this move will be moving forward? Like, is this kind of like a, or are you excited as a fan for it?
I'm excited.
I mean, I don't know.
Did you guys spend any time at Danny Wirtz that night you were in town?
Yeah, we did.
Great guy.
Great guy.
Great guy.
Super bright.
He lives a block from me, so I bump into him around the neighborhood
from time to time.
And I think he's got new ideas and a different way to approach
how the team is marketed
and how the organization,
like the culture should be.
Because I think the culture
has gotten a little rotten
throughout the organization.
So I do think more changes are coming.
What that means for Stan,
if he moves up
or gets someone above him or below him,
I don't know.
But I don't think they're done
making assessments.
And I think they're going to hire
a new president as well.
Like this interim tag for Danny, you know, words is, is going to go.
I think he'll be more involved day to day,
but the other side of their family business,
that beverage distribution as you boys with the pink Whitney will know that
that's a, that's a, that's a bigger job.
That's why we're stroking them off on our podcast.
We know our bread's butter.
You mentioned the culture.
Like, did you just think around there ever since they won their three cups there was like a sense of entitlement where they
thought no more work needed to be done like i don't know like it that's a pretty big you know
to use the word culture and you don't think it's good there right now what do you mean by that
well it's like you you again it's like whispers and conjecture and speculation but the people
that were that i know that work in the organization will always be like, there's always been a rivalry
kind of between John McDonough and Danny Wertz,
where if you could have someone at a VP level,
if they had a private conversation with Danny,
there would be hell to pay from John McDonough.
So he was like, you wanted everything filtered through him.
He's like a big-time control guy.
So he was more jealous, I bet.
Like, yeah, this guy's coming for my job, the owner's son.
Granted,
we are just kind of speculating, but you
could see how something like this would play out.
I feel like this is like the Real Housewives.
Jesus Christ.
We don't really get this deep, man.
There's a quarantine. Notice how drama-
We just want to know who's got the biggest dick on the team.
Like, fuck.
Hey, 6ix9ine's going to be dick on the team. Like, fuck. Hey,
you guys are crushing it.
You guys are crushing it.
Crushing it out in Chicago. Staying up with the radio,
right? Yep.
Two to three central every day.
So three to four. We like doing that show.
That show is fun. Eddie just kind of, he's got such
a weird brain. Eddie's great, dude.
I love him. He's the best.
Dave's a crazy person. Carl's a crazy person. So it's a good brain. And he's great, dude. I love him. He's the best. Dave's a crazy person. Carl's a crazy person.
So it's a good time.
Wow. White Sox Dave and fucking
Carl. Barry Jokers and that deck boy,
I'll tell you. Carl is just...
He's on a different planet.
He's an animal.
Intentionally, yeah. Maybe he might
need some substances to get to the other planet, but
he gets there for sure.
Chief, I got one more
i know presidential duties change change from franchise to franchise some teams it's more of
a figurehead sometimes it's a guy like mcdonough he was on hockey operations and business operations
who do you personally think is up next for that job well i i do think it'll be i think danny will
be involved a lot more than uh he was in the past and more than Rocky was.
So what his exact title will be when this whole thing shakes out,
I don't know,
but I think he'll be at,
uh,
you know,
1901 West Madison,
a lot more.
Uh,
I,
if I,
my gut says that they'll promote them within,
it'll be this guy,
Pete Hassan.
I don't know if you guys have known him,
but he's been there since old four.
Great guy,
Buffalo guy worked for the Sabres for a bit as well.
Um, I, I think that that the Sabres for a bit as well.
I think that that's a natural progression.
He knows Danny pretty well from Blackhawks Foundation stuff.
And then I think they'll hire somebody in hockey ops. So you'll have somebody replace Pete in Pete's role.
He'll be the acting president, and then you'll have a president of hockey ops
maybe at Pete Hassan's level where they both report to Danny
or a hockey ops guy who reports to Pete.
I don't know.
You know more about the Blackhawks than I know about my own life.
Is this not crazy?
This is a bit eerie.
One of the best at the stool, man.
Damn, dude.
This is wild.
I hope Danny's listening and he doesn't forget who said he looked like
a young Warren Beatty when we were hanging on the box that day.
He's looking at how I sent him a text,
ask him to come on our podcast.
Redline radio drops tomorrow.
Thanks plug.
And I got the quickest and most polite.
No,
I've ever gotten him in my life.
It was like a,
like a three second reply being like,
can't do it.
Talk to talk to her and didn't even waste time on the O.
Nice.
Well,
listen,
chief,
I was an absolute pleasure to have you on to talk about the Blackhawks.
I wish things were better for the squad for you right now because you're my boy.
But thanks for joining us.
Next year.
Yeah, absolutely.
Next year.
Well, whenever it may be, when the Hawks are back, we'll certainly have Chief back.
So take care, my friend.
And again, thanks for joining us.
I just want to send a huge thanks to my buddy, Bastu Chief.
He was my original podcast partner, too, Biz.
Me and him did one many moons ago when Charlie Wisco used to produce us,
along with Jordy, in the pre-Grinelli days.
So I love having Chief on.
You'll definitely be hearing from him again next time the Blackhawks are playing.
I was flabbergasted at how much he knew about the Chicago Blackhawks.
So good for him.
And maybe I need to start diving into some subjects like that.
All right, boys, I want to talk to you for a second about String King.
String King is a sporting good and custom fit apparel brand based out in L.A.
Normally, they're one of the top companies making lacrosse sticks,
and they started making baseball bats and hockey sticks
in the last couple of years, too.
When the quarantine canceled sports for the year,
these guys converted their entire supply chain and production line
basically overnight.
Now they're making millions of face masks and protective gowns.
They're up to more than 6 million disposable masks,
3 million gowns, and 300,000 reusable fabric masks,
all from a sports company out in L.A., a small little company,
and now they're scaling up like crazy to keep up with demand.
They've hired more than 50 people to convert the in-house apparel operation.
And they've got another 10 factories in LA cranking out masks,
just some hardworking guys doing their best to get people back to work,
making masks in America with American made fabric.
On top of all that string King is currently donating over 25,000 worth of
masks each week. It's really
tough for places like nursing homes, hospice care, first responders, and all kinds of essential
workers to get protection right now. So we're teaming up to get even more people the masks
they need. Go to stringking.com and use the code CHICKLETS when you check out, and they will donate
a three-layer face mask for every mask sold. It couldn't be easier for you to help.
All you got to do is stay home, order a mask and enter the code.
That's Chicklets at checkout on stringking.com.
String like shoestring, king like queen.
S-T-R-I-N-G-K-I-N-G.com with the code Chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Good on String King for doing what they're doing right now.
And when you support them, you're helping others.
And there's no better feeling than that.
Oh, my goodness.
What a read.
Bravo.
Thank you, buddy.
Hey, show a little respect here, Whit.
Wake up, Whit.
I wear their socks.
And they sent me one of their lacrosse sticks for when I went to the Warriors tryout.
So great company, and bravo for doing that.
That's awesome.
Yeah, and it's great when you're supporting a company like that,
and it has a nice ripple effect as it currently does.
Bravo.
Bravo is very true.
Thank you.
Us guys here at Spit and Chicklets want to send out a huge congratulations
to Joel Wood, who officially retired on Monday after 726 NHL games,
despite never being drafted.
He had a real nice piece in the Players' Tribune announcing his retirement,
but he also got into his family and the support he received.
And his unlikely story, he played for four teams over 11 seasons.
I forgot he even broke in with Minnesota.
Then he did three in Nashville, four in Washington, three in San Jose.
He finished up in San Jose a couple seasons ago.
He referenced in the piece that he still wanted to play.
It just sounds like teams are going much younger and faster,
so it's not a big surprise a 36-year-old couldn't latch on.
But he was a member of that 2016 Sharks team that went all the way to the Cup.
But imagine what he played.
Four years of juniors at Owens Sound,
four years of college at the University of Prince Edward Island,
never drafted, didn't make his debut until he was 26 years old, man.
I would love to get him on.
A bunch of people have said hopefully we can figure that out
because I would love to ask him that if you go four years in the OHL,
and Biz knows this, for the most part,
if you're playing an overage year in the OHL,
there's a lot of cases where guys make it.
But for the most part, Biz, is it true that you're probably not going to play in the nhl if
you're playing as an overager i think you see the odd guy finally get maybe that you know respect
he deserves and he's able to develop in a good league for an extra year and normally they're
going the the path less traveled usually it's going to be an East Coast, but yes,
it's going to make your journey a lot harder.
Okay, that's the first point.
The second being, he then went to Canadian University,
which has some really good hockey and some really good players.
But I'd love to ask him if two years into that, after four years in the O,
if he even considered still playing in the NHL.
And maybe he did because he went in there and he was over a point per game guy.
Now, granted, it's Canadian University, but still, if you could see a guy can play,
I'm just curious his mindset because what a grind that was.
And I'm not saying it felt like a grind because he might have loved his time
in playing college hockey after junior.
But, man, to end up grinding it out and making it and making a career
and doing what he did,
it's just hats off to him because that's so impressive.
I never heard a bad word spoken about the guy.
Ultimate teammate, worked his balls off,
appreciated being at the National Hockey League level every day.
I mean, and it's those stories of those guys coming
from those types of places where they appreciate it.
And I couldn't be happier for the guy.
What an amazing career.
And, yeah, we'll get him on.
Joel Ward, way to go.
Absolutely.
And he's a hell of an inspiration of players when it comes to just sticking
with it, guys who don't get drafted.
And they can look up to a guy like him.
And not to mention a great role model to young black players out there,
two-biz, who might get discouraged in certain parts of the game.
There's still issues with the game, safe to say.
And they can look at a guy like him and, hey, he got through it,
and I can get through it, too.
So, again, big congrats to Joel on his retirement.
Hopefully he enjoys it.
And it does sound like he wants to get involved with the game later,
whether coaching, front office, or whatever.
So I'm sure we'll hear from him again.
I'm not sure.
Did you guys catch the new trailer for Rich Kloon's documentary?
Hi, my name is Dickie.
Dropped on Twitter.
It looks like it's pretty deep, man.
His tweet was, it says,
it's our wish that this story can be a message of hope and that no matter how
hard, I'm sorry, no matter how dark things may get, there's a way out.
I'm really looking forward to checking this out.
I'm assuming you must know Dick. Yeah. And I know he went through some hard times and, you know, there's a way out. I'm really looking forward to checking this out. Biz, I'm assuming you must know Dick.
Yeah, and I know he went through some hard times.
And, you know, it's good when some guys are vocal about it
because it tells a lot of people that they're not alone.
And, you know, he's got a strong audience,
and it's nice that a guy like that will speak from his experience
and hopefully help a lot of people.
So big on Clooney for coming forward and doing
that and you know having the you know having the strength to put yourself in front of the camera
in order to give your message out not only did he have the strength but you can tell at least I
thought in the trailer that I watched it looks like he kind of has some acting ability like it
looks like it wasn't it wasn't just him telling his story I mean he's getting involved in the
character in the filming and like screaming as he's lifting a weight.
So I think he's going to be all in.
And he still played this year for the Marlies.
So who knows when his career ends. But I think he'll be
all in in terms of content
and doing stuff in the media,
I guess, when he is finished.
Well, not to take a
quick shot at Avery, but he was
in the acting game before Avery
and he even got those acting teeth before Avery got his acting teeth he was he was in the acting game before avery and he even got those
acting teeth before avery got his acting has he been in stuff yeah he's done he's done a bunch
of acting yeah he's a talented kid yeah he's a handsome dude too so i imagine he's doing
imagine doing all right for himself off the ice um but uh the teeth remember when aves came in
and he got his new acting teeth? I needed sunglasses.
He legit said if you want to be in the film industry,
you got to get like... They look phenomenal.
Dude, and what's hilarious,
Biz, like I noticed, if you watch old movies
from like the 80s, that
wasn't a big thing at all. Like, you see
like hot actresses
back then, and they look like they just smoked
a cotton of Marlboros and drank a fifth of whiskey.
Like, you know... Oh, I said that the other night. People look like they brushed their teeth cotton of Marlboro's and drank a fifth of whiskey like you know I said that the other
night people look like they brushed their teeth with like
a butterfinger on old movies they're
yellow and gross because the HD
you can see it so much better where you
couldn't really notice it before now like I was
watching married to the mob a few months back
Michelle Pfeiffer was an absolute
knockout rocket and it's like
her teeth don't look like that anymore she
totally fixed them I mean because you know it's like her teeth don't look like that anymore she totally fixed them i mean
because you know you well it's like do you want to make fucking 15 movies and get paid two million
a whack get your teeth fucking done so oh hey all right let's get acting teeth all right you front
you front if i could get a sponsor would you get acting teeth with me do you think you would get
more roles you guys would have to you guys would have to please You guys would have to. Please, please, please do this.
All of a sudden, R.A. is the number one extra in the country.
I'll see if they'll throw in a nose job for me, too.
Oh, shit, man.
We got some more news to get to before we send it over to Tom Green.
You guys are going to love Tom Green.
Oh, my goodness.
It was a thrill talking to him.
The self-quarantine ordered by the NHL for its players is scheduled to end today,
Thursday. I assume they're going to probably extend it again for, I think, the fourth time.
Bettman said, you know, ultimately this decision comes from government and medical experts. It's
not the NHL who's going to decide when they play again. They need the government to let people go
places and they need, you know, doctors to say, here's where we're at. You know, one thing we've
been hearing, you know, I know these I know a lot of these are trial balloons
they throw out through the media to see what the reaction gets.
But the idea of playing into July, August, possibly September,
starting the season late, and then keeping that,
I think that's something I could get behind.
Because listen, boys, the only fucking thing that goes on in August, July,
is the dog days of baseball and there's
a few guys who like baseball and hockey
but the NHL could fucking
own those two months with playoffs
there's nothing on except reruns
whatever, baseball yeah you like
baseball it's still there but they're the boring games
you could put fucking hockey on the map
own those two months to it I think
you know it's unlikely that might happen, but
if that would be a repercussion
of all this shit, it could be pretty cool.
I think Bettman definitely
wants to change it to
starting around Thanksgiving and
awarding the cup around August and
September and October being the off months.
And now as a fan,
I'm retired. I don't care about the
players. I want them all to be rich. I've made that very clear. I would like every guy getting paid, but I don't care about the players. I want them all to be rich.
I've made that very clear.
I would like every guy getting paid,
but I don't care about you not having summers.
I think watching hockey all summer
would be the best thing in the world.
And then for those guys, their off time,
yeah, it's not middle of the, you know,
it's not really hot out, but September and October,
I love the fall and they can travel,
do whatever they want.
It's nice everywhere around in those two months.
Hell of a couple months to have off.
And if you don't make the playoffs, you're still done in June anyways.
So it's, man, I like thinking about the possibility
of the NHL yearly schedule changing.
I truly am behind it.
I'm okay with traditionalists hating it.
Why?
I'm okay with it, but from a strictly business standpoint
i would agree that it's a smart move now going back to lax podcast ra you said that nba and nhl
are hand in hand usually so apparently the nba would also do it correct well that's the thing i
i don't think this is where they might actually separate because not only with no nba playing
if they opt to continue the same schedule,
now the buildings are even more available because there's no NBA in there.
So you don't have to cram a seven-game series into 13 games.
You'll have the building all the time you need.
Obviously, there'll be concerts and shit going on.
But with no NBA bookings, you can fucking stretch the playoffs even more.
I completely agree because baseball and the dog days are so boring, but with no NBA bookings, you can fucking stretch the playoffs even more.
I completely agree because baseball and the dog days are so boring, and now you're competing even less with the NFL,
which is the biggest TV grab.
People don't leave their house.
They own a day of the week, okay?
So try to avoid the NFL as much as possible.
And then on top of that, you've got the college football.
So college football, like when does their season end?
Like beginning of December?
The national championship is always like January 6th.
Correct, but there's a big gap where there's not like any of the
Yes, December pretty much.
Early December.
So then you have  and like people are all getting back to school
around that time and they're a little bit more distracted.
I don't mind it from a strictly business standpoint.
It would suck if you're a player and you like your summers
and all of a sudden you're playing June, July.
Yeah, whatever, but I like the move.
And now, Biz, quickly, I got to defend baseball.
I love baseball and I really do miss it this time of year.
So you can suck on that saying baseball is so boring.
and I really do miss it this time of year.
So you can suck on that saying baseball is so boring.
Other thing here, tell me as the other side,
you said you're okay with traditionalists hating it.
So I want you to just be that traditionalist and give me your argument, like why you hate it.
Well, for the simple fact of people who love following these teams,
they also really enjoy their summer.
And it's just like
Oh, man.
Listen, I get it.
I don't have a very strong argument,
and that's why I'm siding with the business slash the fact
that I'd be willing to change it.
Keep in mind, I work for media for the Coyotes.
Not a fucking big deal.
How are you?
I got to work into the summer now too, bitch.
Oh, what do you think
that we're not going to be doing work for the podcast in the playoffs i got golf listen to me
i won't be traveling during that but i'll be watching hockey on a freaking july evening i go
out and play 18 come back grill up some steak tips have a couple beers and watch a playoff hockey
game oh yeah that gets my dick rock hard so what you can you can you can anyone out there, any single person out there that's like a known name that is a traditionalist that will hate the season starting at Thanksgiving and finishing in August.
You come on and argue me because you have no chance.
And I'm saying somebody that we know, not some random pigeon out there that sends me tweets chirping me.
And by the way, chicklets memes, you motherfucker.
You had an amazing post today with a four footfoot-long AirPod that you said were my AirPods.
Bravo, but you're kind of dead to me now.
You're going after my most embarrassing thing, my giant left ear, and I'll never forget it.
Biz, how'd my nuts taste, by the way?
Well, I was going to say, I got R.A. last episode dunking on me, putting his ball sack in my face.
Now I got Witt doing it.
I agree with you, Witt.
Now, mind you, I don't get to enjoy the golf course and the steak tips
or whatever the beef tips because I'll be with the Coyotes going all the way
to the fucking dance.
How are you, bitch?
Maybe a little dunk back, ball sack in your face.
But I completely agree with you, and I think it would be a big move.
And as a league that struggles to find maybe new fans
and maybe the revenue is not exactly where they want it to be
as far as the four major sports, I'm open to it, baby.
Let's go, Bettman.
Yeah, dude.
Own fucking two months of the sports calendar.
And I know the major concern would be the ice.
And, you know, hey, it's going to be hard.
I think we've played in enough Southern cities for Stanley Cup titles.
I'm sorry, Stanley Cup finals where, you know, it might be an issue.
But, you know, whatever.
I think the tradeoff will be well worth it.
So we do got some great news regarding Oscar Lindblom.
He's going through his last treatments for Ewing sarcoma.
He looks good. He looks good.
He feels good.
And his doc said it couldn't have gone any better for him.
So great news for Oscar.
Hopefully when we get hockey back, he'll be back out there.
A couple quick signings.
The Oilers signed Theodore Lennstrom to a one-year entry-level deal.
The 25-year-old undrafted Swedish defenseman played for Forlunda
in the Swedish Hockey League last year.
Put up three goals,
12 assists in 31 games.
And per Elliot Friedman,
it sounds like Swedish unrestricted free agent forward.
Matthias Brom has chosen Detroit for his NHL home.
What did you have something?
So that's great to hear.
Kevin Hayes was,
I was with him the other day. He was actually saying that they were playing as well as they were without
him,
who was leading the team in scoring at the time of his diagnosis and without uh nolan patrick so
if philly gets go if the hockey is getting going again philly philly could be really dangerous but
congrats to austria it's great to hear yeah some real positive news absolutely nice to share some
good news i just mentioned uh matthias brome chose Detroit for his NHL home. And speaking of homes,
you want to feel safe and secure in your home now more than ever with the uncertainty of the world right now,
feeling safe at home has never been more important.
That's why I want to talk to you about simply safe home security.
They're longtime friends of spit and chiclets. And for good reason,
simply safe has made it easy to finally get comprehensive protection for your
home.
There's no technician or salesperson that needs to come out and disrupt your
house.
You don't need to pay an outrageous monthly fees or sign a two-year contract.
You just order online, set it up yourself in under an hour,
and your home is protected 24-7 with emergency dispatch for break-ins,
fire, and more, all for just 50 cents a day.
And we're not the only fans of Simply Safe.
U.S. News and World Report named Simply Safe the best overall home security of 2020. I have one and it's super easy to set up
and the peace of mind you get for 50 cents a day is money well spent. And right now when you head
to simplysafe.com slash chicklets, our listeners will get free shipping and a 60-day risk-free trial. You can't beat that. That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E.com slash chicklets
to make sure they know that our show sent you.
From SimpliSafe and all of us here,
we're wishing you safety and good health.
And one last final note before we send it to our buddy Tom Green.
As expected, the NHL approved all player transfer agreements.
More of a formality than anything. Just wanted to pass along that it did happen.
So without further ado, let's send it over to Tom Green.
Well, our next guest is a guy who's been entertaining international audiences for about
25 years now. He started off doing public access TV in Ottawa and worked all the way up to
including starring and directing in
feature films such as Road Trip, Charlie's Angels, and the cult hit Freddy Got Fingered.
These days, well, not necessarily this week, but when things get back to normal,
you can check out his dates on TomGreen.com to see when he's coming to your neighborhood
to check out his latest set. It's a big pleasure for me to welcome to the Spit and Chickens podcast,
Tom Green. Hey, guys, how are you? Good to be here.
Thanks for having me on.
I'm excited to be here.
Congratulations, first of all, to all of you.
This is incredible.
I've been reading about the podcast all over the media,
in newspapers, actual newspapers are writing about it,
the Globe and Mail, the National Post, the new york times so that's amazing uh incredible stuff
you're doing we're not here to talk about us time we're here to talk about you and i'm surprised
that ra in the intro didn't mention the fact that you terrorized your parents growing up
oh yeah absolutely they were probably victim number one were they not in all that debacle on mtv
yeah i would say so yeah i mean they were kind. I mean, they were kind of stuck in the middle of a weird situation
because they saw that I was actually applying myself to something.
I was in school.
I was studying broadcasting at Algonquin College in Ottawa,
and they knew that I was actually trying to do something
that might turn into a job someday.
And then I was also waking them up in the middle of the night with, you know, bagpipers
and painting their house and painting their car. So they were kind of pissed off about that. But,
but no, my parents are doing good. They've forgiven me for everything. And, you know,
we are very close. They're up in Canada. And, you know, all is forgiven. We're having a
good time. You know, right now, we're a little worried, of course, about what's going on
with the worldwide global pandemic. And it's a really scary situation. But we're hoping we get
through it. And then we can get back to having some more fun. Yeah, to making people laugh. But
I feel like the jackass crew kind of
copied you in a little bit and going after the parents but wasn't your dad your so i watched the
show i remember a lot of them and he just seemed like he was so mad at you but he just because the
cameras in his face he didn't really do anything right i mean he was a he was a retired art captain
in the army no yeah he was uh actually yeah he was recently retired he still
worked he was still in the middle working for the military at that point uh but yeah he was a career
army uh he was a tank commander very serious authoritarian authoritative dad um and uh but
that was kind of what made the bits work you You know, he, he, he, he, my dad's really funny though. So you can sort of see like in the,
in the slut mobile. Okay. That's what it was called.
When I pulled it up to the bus stop. Yeah. And, and you can kind of,
that's when I painted the pornography.
I had the professionally painted pornography on the hood of my parents' car,
but you can see my dad sort of cracking a smile.
Like, even though he's pissed, he's cracking a smile.
And that's my favorite part of it because, you know.
But my dad was my hockey coach when I was in,
I guess it was probably Bantam or might have been Pee Wee.
My dad was my hockey coach for one year.
And that's the only year that we won the championship.
I can show you the trophy, if you don't believe me.
I've got my hockey trophies over here.
Yeah, let's see them.
Yeah, I've got to show you guys my hockey trophies.
So for those of you listening, he's on a Zoom call where we can see the video.
Wow.
Look at those monsters.
Got my hockey trophies right there.
That's a miniature heart trophy, I think.
And here's a picture here of me in my Cooperalls.
Oh, shit.
Oh, yeah.
Remember the damn Cooperalls, huh?
How were you, Tom?
Is that a Titan?
Like that neck guard I got on that I left it on for the fucking picture.
Why would I leave my neck guard on for the picture?
What kind of person does that?
But they were new at the time.
Neck guards were new at the time, so I was proud of my neck guard,
so I wanted to see it in the picture.
You never know when a wayward puck might come by.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
But when you're a young kid,
you're relying on the photographer to tell you what to do.
The photographer has to take some responsibility.
Guys, take your neck guards off.
You look foolish.
Yeah, exactly.
What kind of idiot was behind the camera that day?
I don't know.
Anyways, but, you know, I loved playing hockey growing up. And, you know, I was obviously never that good.
But I wasn't the worst hockey player either.
I sort of hovered
around a house league you know so there was like two layers of house league lower than me uh but I
my final year of hockey I played B competitive uh you know which was you know not very good
you know obviously comparative to what what we're dealing with here what we're talking about here
but for me I felt pretty good about that but that was the year that uh you know this obviously comparative to what we're dealing with here, what we're talking about here. But for me, I felt pretty good about that.
But that was the year that, you know, this was always my issue with it
was because, you know, when you play hockey as a kid
and you're in house league and you're a kid and there's no body contact
and it's, you know, it's interesting when the first year you're, you know,
17 years old and you make it to competitive level hockey where they have body checking.
And that was my last year because basically hockey went from diddling around
with the puck and, you know, trying to kind of like, you know, you know,
just skate.
With a neck guard.
With a neck guard being slammed against boards.
And I broke my arm that year.
Is that a long way of saying you were scared shitless all of a sudden?
I was so scared.
It was,
it became like,
wait,
I thought we were playing basketball and all of a sudden,
no,
no,
we're playing football now.
It's a completely different game.
So,
and I was a skinny kid.
I was so skinny.
Like I was,
I was,
I was the same height.
I am now six, four, but 50 pounds lighter. So it was a skinny kid. I was so skinny. Like, I was the same height I am now.
I was 6'4", but 50 pounds lighter.
So I was 145 pounds, 6'4", a twig, getting, you know, slammed into boards.
And it became less fun for me because I was a wuss.
But I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
Yeah.
What do you make of Mel Gibson and Melnick teaming up to take the Ottawa
Senators, excuse me, to the promised land?
I don't know if you caught wind,
but Mel Gibson's going to end up buying into that team.
Mel Gibson.
You know, I heard Mel Gibson was in Ottawa shooting a movie,
and he couldn't shoot a movie in Ottawa without buying the hockey team.
That's amazing.
I love that.
Great.
We should change our name to the Bravehearts, the Ottawa Bravehearts.
And, no, that's really cool.
I had not heard that.
You must be an Ottawa Senators fan.
I've seen you rocking jerseys before.
You grew up near there.
Yeah, I am.
I'm an Ottawa Senators fan.
When I was growing up, we didn't have the team, you know,
because they came in in, I guess it was 91, 92 season.
So when I was growing up, it was interesting living in Ottawa because you didn't really know who you
were supposed to be cheering for.
All the kids at school and in hockey had different teams that they were fans
of, which was kind of a unique experience. So, you know, when I was,
when I was a, when I was a little kid, you know,
it was the Montreal Canadians. It was, you know know Guy Lafleur uh you know was was was uh
you know the the the man and then all this but then other kids were like really into uh I guess
it was a couple years after that it switched to the Edmonton Oilers dynasty years I I love the
Oilers but other people really into you know the New York Islanders in Ottawa, because we're pretty close to New York state.
So you had a lot of Mike Bossy shirts,
Brian Trottier and Denny Potvin shirts
being rocked at the rink.
But when Ottawa got a team,
it was definitely a very exciting thing for Ottawa.
And I became a San Andreas fan right away after that.
So, yeah. Ottawa is also where your TV TV career started now you mentioned your parents were being torn because
you were annoying the shit out of them but at the same time you were kind of exercising your
creative muscles but it led to your first community access TV in Ottawa now you were what in your early
20s you must have felt like Johnny Carson doing that at that age you know I was trying to I was
more I was it was definitely inspired by Carson.
I love Carson, but David Letterman was the, was my hero.
And, you know, back when I was, you know, a kid,
David Letterman was the only person really doing weird shit
on television every night.
And I just loved every second of that show,
the late night with David Letterman show.
And, and so, so yeah we kind of uh
started this thing where we go down to uh community station rogers cable television and just uh
basically it was kind of like this you know it was my friends and i and we would go down and we
turn on the t the tv studio somehow they we we convinced the tv studio to let us use the TV studio and broadcast to the city of Ottawa.
That's how fucked up Ottawa is.
Yeah, but no, it was cool, and it was an exciting time.
It was interesting what's happened with podcasting.
I mean, like I was telling you off the air,
I just relaunched my new podcast this week because I'm actually on lockdown here in Los Angeles, in isolation in my home.
And I have my podcast studio, and I've been doing a daily podcast right now.
Andrew Dice Clay was on the show today.
right now. Andrew Dice Clay was on the show today. I just interviewed Chris Angel and Dr. Drew,
and I had Anthony Scaramucci on, Trump's former director of communications to talk about. So you're all over the place. You got a pretty big bag there.
Yeah, we're talking about all sorts of different stuff stuff but it's kind of the show's really focused on uh on this uh you know how everybody's dealing with this uh
situation where we're you know kind of in a scary situation right now in the world and
we're all trying to make sense of it so so we usually don't see the the serious side of tom
green you've been everywhere in media you started out as an og you didn't there was no social media back
then and it's gotten all the way to now podcasting is there's obviously a competitive nature to you
and you want to if you kind of are interested in something you're gonna go try and hammer it
because you've been successful in so many different things i mean i met you uh in nashville when you
were doing stand-up and i went and saw three three i went and saw you three times and you were
excellent so you really killed it in all these different sectors.
Oh, thanks, man.
Yeah, I started doing stand-up when I was a teenager,
but, you know, I kind of took a few years off to do the show.
But, you know, I'm loving it.
I love being on the road.
I think the first time we met was in Phoenix, wasn't it?
No, we met in Nashville when we were out at a bar,
and you and adrian a
coin who was from ottawa yeah ended up shooting the shit and then and then we get we i think we
got your tickets to the next game oh that's when we met in nashville and but then when i went to
phoenix uh you were you you came to the you brought the team out to the game and and no offense tom i
didn't know what my expected expectations were going in i was blown away that you were able to transition into comedy and kill it
that well.
I didn't know what to think of you when I met you either.
Is this guy going to try to fight me?
No, but I tell you though, I will say Paul,
and this is not even an exaggeration at all.
And I think you've proven it. But I remember when we went out and I,
I think it was Phoenix when we went out after my show and hung out that night.
And I remember thinking to myself,
this guy is the fucking funniest fucking guy I fucking have ever fucking seen
is why is this guy not a comedian? You know, I get it.
He's a good hockey player, but this guy is hilarious.
And we had so much fun that night. I really, I really,
and I really do mean that. And do you remember where we ended up?
Yeah, I do. We ended up going to, can I say it? We ended up, yeah,
we ended up going to Wayne Gretzky's house. His, we were,
we were partying with his, his kids, his kids went to asu and they lived with their buddy
joey super and it was the three of them in this mansion and all of a sudden like i became buddies
with them because they're good dudes and yeah and it was a i mean you brought your guitar you
were playing the guitar there we were singing along it was a great night we had a great night
we were drinking and having a good time uh you know we
had a lot to drink i know you had a game the next day but uh no i don't think you did but uh but uh
you know no seriously i it does not surprise me in the least that you have this incredible podcast
because i knew i knew that uh you were destined for greatness paul in the in the broadcasting
comedy funny business we're talking
about you i brought up all your accomplishments and you flipped it around we'll let r.a ask you
one yeah sure tom i want to bring up i know it's probably been beaten to death in your world but
you know the slim real slim real slim shady song by eminem now he obviously used some of your lyrics
from the famous i just want to go on tv I just want to go on TV and let loose,
but I can't,
but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose.
My bum is on your lips.
My bum is on your lips,
right?
You know what I'm saying?
That one right there.
It's my magnifying glass.
Okay.
Does it get annoying when everyone asks you to sing all your songs?
What's the other one?
The sausage.
Daddy, would you like some sausage?
That comes up a lot from my movie, Freddy Got Fingered.
No, it doesn't get annoying because, you know,
when I made that movie, Freddy Got Fingered,
it came out and the critics were not too kind, you know,
because it was a little bit too weird for them and a little too crazy.
And I kind of felt bad about it for a minute. I thought, you know,
oh my God, I kind of thought it was pretty funny, but I guess people didn't like the movie.
But then here we are, like it's almost, I guess it's 20 years later now. And every single day,
somebody, it doesn't matter where I am in the world, someone will come up to me and say,
Daddy, would you like some sausage? Which you would think would be annoying, but it's not
because it's just kind of cool to me that the movie's got a cult following now. It's kind of resonated with people around the world.
And it's nice when they come up and acknowledge it, you know?
Now, did Eminem have to get any sort of rights clearance?
Because technically he used some of the lyrics.
Or did he just do it to kind of say, fuck you, and dated, like, come at him legally?
No, no, because it was kind of a cool parody.
And I mean, you know, it's pretty cool.
Like, I mean, I love Eminem.
I'm like a huge fan of Eminem.
I don't know if you know, I was in a rap group myself.
I was going to bring that up.
Back in the day when I was a teenager in Canada.
Actually, if you watch the video on YouTube,
the video is called Check the OR.
It's for our group Organized Rhyme.
And I'm wearing an Ottawa Senator's hat in the video.
There you go.
Shout out, Senator.
That was 1992.
I was the first one rocking a Senator's hat in the media.
But a longtime fan.
But no, so, you know, I was kind of enjoyed rapping and making beats and stuff.
And then so when my show was on MTV that first year, that was when Eminem came out.
And I remember hearing it on the radio.
And I said, did he just say my name yeah and uh and because you know you don't you Eminem doesn't call you and ask permission
you know he doesn't call up and say hey uh you know I was just thinking I'm gonna is it all right
if I like make make a you know a line about you in your song you know in my song so it's cool you know i just heard it on the
radio but um you know it's it's it's a super cool thing super cool homage the my bum is on your lips
is a reference to my song the bum bum song so it actually goes a little further it's pretty cool
if you go look at the video for the bum bum song which is a really stupid goofy song that we did
that went to number one on total request live by the way in 1999 knock
britney spears off the countdown right um when you uh when you when you go look at the video for that
i'm running around in the superhero costume with a plastic butt uh you know glued to my my my bum
and then in the in the slim shady video that's the whole theme for that video he's running around in
the superhero costume doing the bum bum song with the plastic butt so it was super cool Eminem you know I met him very briefly once but that was
before that that happened before that song came out it was just kind of in a war and an award show
somewhere but then when I did Freddy Got Fingered he actually uh let me use uh the the Slim Shady
uh song in in the movie which was pretty cool because he doesn't usually let people use his
music in movies ever. So I'm down with Eminem. I love Eminem. He's an amazing legend.
This was all throughout my high school four years. So I remember all this. And I was just wondering,
it might be hard for you to answer, but you said you started stand-up when you're in your mid-teens.
Is that when you kind of realized mid-teens. Is that
when you kind of realized, or was it even before that you were funny? Like, you were just making
people laugh naturally. Do you know what I mean? By when did you kind of realize that you could do
this? I think it's because I was in, you know, my dad was, like I said, in the army. So, until I was
like seven years old, we moved to a different city every year. So every year until kindergarten, grade one,
grade two, we moved each year. So I remember each year being the new kid in class.
As the first grade, you show up, oh, kids, and this is the new kid, Tommy. And I'd walk in and
they'd all be looking at me. And I go, oh, shit, what am I going to do? So I trip over a garbage can or something. And they know,
spill my books everywhere. And, and everybody would laugh. They thought, you know, this is
ridiculous. And then I did go out to the into the schoolyard at recess. And all the kids would come
up and say, you know, that was funny when you tripped over the garbage can. And then I'd do it again.
And I would just keep tripping over shit every year until I made friends.
So it was kind of an early on realization that getting a laugh was kind of my only way
of kind of having some sort of social life.
And I just sort of became that.
I mean, that's tracing it back to where I think the root of it came from, you know.
Wow. But, you know, I started doing stand-up when I was about 16 at Yuck Yucks in Ottawa.
And I love it.
It's an amazing thing.
My favorite comedians were Harland Williams and Norm MacDonald,
who are, you know, the legendary comedians now.
But at the time, they were sort of just getting started.
And it was very inspiring.
Yeah, those are interesting answers,
because usually people say the obvious ones, Colin and Pryor and, you know,
Chris Rock and even for later generations.
But yeah, Holland Williams, he was the one that was in the summer of Baltimore.
He plays the serial killer in The Cow with Ben Stiller, right?
Yeah, yeah. And, and you know they're canadian and you know go it's it's just sort of you know carlin
and richard pryor of course are are a huge inspiration but you know this is sort of at
the time when i was 15 years old and just going down to watch comedy in the comedy club you know
we were seeing you know the canadian comics and those were the guys that really kind of amazed me.
It's fun because now I'm friends with them, and it's weird because I have this long history of memories with just watching them and being huge fans of theirs.
Your first time going up on stage, I think you said you were 15 years old.
Were you scared shitless, or were you too young to even be scared going up? I was too stupid to be scared. I think
I, uh, I just thought, Oh, a whole bunch of people and a microphone and I can get up there.
And, uh, no, I mean, I mean, uh, an honest answer. Yeah. I was nervous. I get nervous
before I get on stage. I think that's a good thing because,
but I wasn't nervous about the idea of being in front of a bunch of people.
I was nervous about forgetting what I was going to talk about, you know?
And that's, I think a standard thing that everybody goes through when they
start doing standup. But, but, you know, there's a lot of,
a lot of tricks to getting past that. And, you know, the first,
the first, the first thousand times you do stand up you know
you can you can definitely you're you're on a high wire act after that after you've done it about a
thousand times then maybe you start to get a little more comfortable and you can actually
you know have uh tricks and ways of getting out of tough situations on stage if you run into them
i got a couple questions about when you were starting out how did you assemble your crew in
order to help you film all this because obviously you had to find guys who were down with
with pushing the envelope and uh did you ever do anything that was like so crazy that it didn't
end up making air that you guys had to like bury the footage yeah yeah yeah um well I mean I so I
was taken I was I was I was in college when we started the TV show at Algonquin College selling television broadcasting was the course.
So a couple of guys from school and I, Darcy Detone and Trevor Cavanaugh and I kind of went down and volunteered at the station and did this show.
And so we would go out and just film stuff with
the camera and uh you know the early days you know we were just trying to figure out what we
wanted to do i remember the first bit which aired which was the very first bit we shot
which was pretty weird actually um i thought okay i want to go downtown Ottawa, and I want to duct tape, like, meat to my head, raw meat.
So there was, like, there was steaks and pork chops taped all around my head and to my face.
And then I just went around and sort of interviewed people politely with a microphone as if there was nothing wrong.
And, of course, you know, it was summer, and as the day got on, the stuff started to rot and it stunk.
And it was definitely very confusing and weird.
So that was the first bit.
That aired.
For some reason, they let that air.
And everything really aired.
You know, they never really didn't let anything not air
until there was one thing that didn't air.
I don't normally talk about this because it's a little bit crazy.
But oh, what the hell.
So the show got picked up like five
years later by the comedy network in uh maybe i shouldn't tell this story oh fuck off come on
hey worst case worst case scenario you tell it and we can cut it out no no no if i tell it uh
if i tell it you you'll have to use it so that's one i don't think i'm gonna tell it no i'll tell
it i'll tell it no it's not too bad it's not too bad uh so we just thought it was my friends and i were
making the show and we were actually the show was kind of taken off now it was on an actual network
this was before mtv but we thought wouldn't it be hilarious if during the show i got up from behind
the desk in front of the studio audience went to the the walked into
the bathroom into the toilet stall you know camera stayed on the outside took a dump okay all right
there we go i said it opened the stall camera comes comes in there's a fresh poo floating in the toilet i reach down pick it up with my bare hand walk back it into
the studio show it to everyone in the front audience delicately walk back to the desk
and then put it into a a plastic barbie doll bed tuck it tuck it bed, put two little googly eyes on it,
put two little googly eyes on it, and then throw to the commercial, right?
So this is what we did.
That is beautiful.
The fact that you didn't have to and you were able to tell the story
just tells you how far you were willing to bring it
in order to bring joy to people's lives.
Well, that's my next
I'm not sure if it's joy, but, yeah, I'm glad you guys liked it.
No, but I was
Yeah, they did not let us air that.
So we edited that together.
And, well, there's another part of the story that's actually
the weird so you actually did do it oh that wasn't the weird part yeah no well that's that's not the
weird part this is this is the weird part here um this is actually the weird part i don't know if i
should tell this part um so you know you got to remember like you know you guys are a bunch of
you know friends and you know when you're hanging out with your boys and everybody thinks everything's like ridiculous and you're young and you're you're goofy and doing goofy
shit um we kind of realized like probably you know like uh maybe i shouldn't tell this
fuck off what what happens you know when we're shooting the live show and you don't have to take a dump, right?
Like the bit's not going to work, right?
And so we realized the night before, like my friends and I, my friend Derek and my friend Phil and my friend Glenn,
we all realized, geez, you know, we need a fresh turd that'd be floating in the toilet bowl.
Everyone go home tonight take a nice
if you have to take a turd take it put it in a tupperware dish and put it in the freezer
okay and then bring it in tomorrow we'll compare turds and whoever has the best
sort of tv friendly who will use that one
so your buddies were tapped too yeah i can't remember if it was mine or not to be honest
with you but i remember you know and it sort of also made it a little better for television
because it was frozen a little bit so it kind of held together yeah if it was runny and you're like
running it out there
these are little behind the scenes stories that i don't think i've ever really gone into that
that much detail so a little a little bit of a behind the scenes story for you guys that's never
you have a podcast with a politician tomorrow on uh yeah absolutely yeah absolutely tomorrow yeah
well yeah no i'm so anyways you know it's funny though
when you're like in your 20s and uh you know like you mentioned jackass i mean there was definitely
a certain sort of element of us kind of what yeah we were skateboarders you know we like doing do
you feel you got the recognition you deserve from them yeah yeah, yeah, I do. I do. Absolutely. I love those guys. And
Steve-O is a friend and Steve-O's come up and done my podcasts and shows over the years and
Wee Man and Dave England and I did a movie together. And so absolutely. And I was inspired
by David Letterman, you know, so I kind of like looked at him, you know, yelling at people on
the street with a megaphone.
And then I thought, I want to do that.
And I did that.
So I appreciate all of it.
And, you know, those guys are all skaters.
And, you know, I often see Johnny Knoxville when I go hang out with my friend Tony Hawk.
So it's all kind of like one sort of group of goofballs that, you know,
that kind of, you know, i think celebrate each other and our
goofy shit you know what a circle of buddies that is i my memories of um the show and my favorite
skits or some of them were just people wanted to kill you like i could i was i basically i want to
know if you ever got punched out during it and And, Biz, two of the ones I remember that people wanted him dead was when you used to
he would be next to a house and a pizza man would come.
I'm pretty sure I'm getting this right.
Pizza delivery.
And he would sprint to the door and try to beat the pizza delivery guy
and then put toppings on the pizza before the person from the house could eat it.
It was a little different.
It was a little different than that.
What am I messing up?
Okay, very, very close.
Very close.
I'm not.
But the bit was called Undercutter's Pizza.
And so I had, we staked out a pizza place and we waited for the delivery guy to leave
and we'd follow him.
And I had my pizza delivery outfit on, you know, red hat, red shirt, you know, pizza
delivery outfit and in my in my car i had a plain
cheese pizza and i had my own plain cheese pizza and i had a fishing tackle box with all the
toppings for pizza and a fishing tackle box because i'm canadian so of course i know what
a fishing tackle box is uh i guess americans fish too what am i talking about but anyways i grew up
i grew up fishing in canada all the all the american bass fishermen watching are going to be real pissed we fish we fucking fish um but uh
but anyways uh so i then i thought that's all i think i follow the pizza guy up to the house as
he's making the delivery with my own pizza i quickly make the pizza the guy had ordered
and then i try to sell it to the guy for cheaper so if it's like he's got a you know a 20 pizza or 10 pizza I'm going to try to sell
it mine for like five bucks right undercutting the real pizza guy so it's the thing the thing
about that bit is because you're talking about people want to kick my ass on camera that was
definitely one where that happened the idea was it was supposed to be the pizza guy was supposed
to get mad, right? The pizza guy was supposed to get mad. That's the whole point of the joke.
You know, why is the guy that I'm delivering the cheaper pizza to supposed to get mad? He's not
supposed to get mad. I'm offering him a deal. But this is Long Island. And the guy we were
delivering it to was sort of a tough New York guy working on his car.
And he got pissed because we were on his property
and he pulled out a hammer
and he kicked the fishing tackle box.
All the cheese and mushrooms and green peppers
went fucking everywhere.
And then he wanted to kill me with a hammer.
And so we're starting to back away.
And the other detail to this story was,
this was one of the first bits we shot on mtv so i had a new camera guy so he didn't know that you were
supposed to run right like no one told him running's part of this buddy yeah no one told
him you're supposed to run when someone comes at you with a camp a hammer right so i've been doing
this for years with my guy well okay when they get mad we back up you know and we kind of keep needle them and needling them a bit but we back up we back up so they don't
actually hit us so he stood his ground camera guys comment you can hear me in the video it's
on youtube it's called undercutters pizza and uh and you can hear me saying Matt Matt this is the
line back up Matt back up this is the line he got a hammer. He's got a hammer. So,
you know, those were the days. Did Letterman ever end up having you on at some point? He must have,
no? He did. He was the very first talk show to have me on in the United States. And it was an
incredible experience for me. Probably one of my favorite things that i ever ever got to do in my life
uh in show business i guess real nervous before that one i was i was completely
and yeah and it was amazing and uh and i i you know i remember every moment of it uh it's like
sort of like you know you know when you go through something that is just completely you know
like you know you've been sort of anticipating or dreaming of it your whole life and then it happens.
And, you know, if it's something like that where there's a lot of adrenaline and you're in front of an audience, time really slowed down for me.
And I remember I remember I was standing the first time I actually saw David Letterman there in the studio.
I was backstage waiting to go on and I don't know how
much you watched the show back in the day but you know you had Biff Henderson was the studio
director and he was on the show all the time I remember Biff looked at me I go wow he's really
the studio director he's not just like yeah and he said you're getting ready to go on and I looked up
and Dave was standing by the desk and they're playing the music. And he looks up at me and I look at him and I, I wave at him, you know,
and then he waves at me. And I just thought I was going to,
I thought that was it. That was, that was, I had made it at that point.
David Letterman just waved at me.
How cool is that? How he, he,
he made basically all the people around him who were actually helping out famous?
Like they all kind of had their own little role.
Like he's so  is that the kind of guy he is behind the scenes?
He's such a loving guy?
You know, I don't know him off camera so much,
but I assume it's partly that.
From what I know about him, I know that he's very
cares very much about his staff
and his business because he did the show for a long time.
I think he even kept doing the show at the end for a few extra years
just because he cared about all of his staff.
But I think a lot of that comes from the
I think what you guys are doing right now on your podcast
with your friends and the camaraderie of that,
what I love about broadcasting is it all, and you mentioned Jackass and, you know, the similarities,
and I talked about how I was influenced by Letterman. Everything is influenced by something
that came before it. So, you know, David Letterman was a huge fan of Johnny Carson, right? His entire
dream in life was to go on Johnny Carson.
So he would watch Johnny Carson, and Johnny had Ed McMahon, his co-host.
Johnny had Doc Severinsen, who was the band leader, who played the trumpet.
And he had Freddy DeCordova, who was his producer, who'd stand behind the camera.
And they would do this talk show, and he would interview guests.
But the show wasn't just about, you know, interviewing the guest.
It was about the camaraderie between this group of people that are on television every night,
and then the home audience, you know, gets to know them and feels like they're part of a family.
And so, you know, I'm sure that inspired Dave.
You know, that was what inspired Dave, I would say for sure.
And it's what inspired me to have my friends on my show.
And I think it's really kind of naturally progressed down the line
to now we have podcasts and radio shows or we have lots of friends on
and really kind of sharing their experience as a family with their audience.
But I think it all ties back to that kind of stuff.
So I'm going to go back to Freddy Godfinger for a little bit.
That was your first time directing a feature film.
Now, you have some veteran actors there.
You know, Rip Torn, he'd been in the business, Christ, 50 years by then.
How intimidating was it for you to have to direct, you know,
somebody like Rip Torn or Julie Haggerty or Anthony Michael Hall,
who had all been in the business for quite some time?
I mean, it was definitely more intimidating to direct Rip Torn
than it was Julie Haggerty.
I don't get the joke.
Well, Rip Torn is a really rough and tumble and intimidating guy
where Julie Haggerty is the sweetest and nicest lady that
you've ever met so Julie Haggerty is uh in the movie Airplane and Rip Torn is you know he plays
my father and uh you know he's sort of a tough guy and an intimidating guy uh you know uh he was
you know an incredible legendary actor and he plays my dad in the in the movie and um and so he's also
the character is is kind of actually actually based off of my dad a little bit because my dad
was a tough guy in the army and and he was sort of confused by all these videos that i was making
and uh you know rip in freddie got fingered i play an animator and rip was my father who didn't know
what the hell i was doing with drawing all these little doodles, he called it.
You know, what the hell?
You got to get a job.
You got to get out of your room and get a real job, you know.
So, but, you know, behind the scenes, you know, he was definitely, you know, he was a tough guy, you know.
But he also was a very nice guy.
We shot the movie in Vancouver and on the weekends he'd go out and he'd go
fishing on the weekends. American who went fishing, right? See,
right there. Already I've proven myself wrong. But
Isn't that the guy, isn't he the father in Secession?
Or is that another actor I'm thinking of?
He is famous for his roles in the Larry Sanders show.
He is in Men in Black.
Oh, I mistake those guys.
That's my bad.
In Men in Black, he's in so many great movies.
Patches O'Houlihan in Dodgeball.
Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
He was also in Airplane, too.
You just mentioned airplanes
excuse me go ahead absolutely and he passed away last year and uh and uh rest in peace to rip torn
let's talk about your time on the apprentice yeah i was on that show uh the president of the united
states fired me uh because i went out drinking with dennis rodman on the night i was the project
manager um i have to tell you a story that you inspired me because
so growing up, I was really good friends with two guys, Steve Greeley, Jack Greeley.
Steve's now the assistant GM of the Buffalo Sabres,
so we were huge fans of your show and the skits you would have.
And then the one I loved like the most is this guy, Biz,
I don't know if you know this or R.A., he's walking around.
He's got like two casts on his leg, his elbows broken. He's on,
he's on crutches and he's falling over and on the sidewalk, people are running to help him.
They help him up and he falls over again. Just, just great stuff. So my buddy, Jack,
he got in a car accident. He was in the passenger seat, but it was bad. And he's like knocked out
cold, broke his jaw. He had to get wired shut so every couple months or
couple weeks i don't remember exactly you'd go in and they tighten up his screws right they'd like
tighten him up so it's really painful those days you had to go in so we're all going we're all in
there together one day with him and he comes out he's just like oh he's like don't make me laugh
don't make me laugh so we're on we get onto the elevator us three and there must have been like
15 people on this elevator.
And we kind of, I kind of just thought of you.
And I just got down on my knees and put my hands up at the door and started
saying,
and just people were looking at me like a complete psycho,
but Jack was,
I always say that you, you me the uh inspiration to be a
complete fool not to yeah hurt you but make to make somebody laugh yeah you know it's that's
that's the time you want to want to uh you know support your friends and be there when they're
sick or you know and and and that's what comedy's for. And, and, you know, and, you know, and,
and I think you probably enjoyed the fact that it was painful for him too.
Yeah. That's what made it really good.
Yeah. That's what made it really funny. But no, I, I, you know, it's a,
yeah, it's a, it's an interesting thing, you know you know,
another thing that's cool about podcasting, which I think is kind of,
you know, relates to what I was doing back in the 90s.
And I think you sort of described it right there.
You know, when we started filming with video cameras, that was sort of a time where people could see like, hey, I could do that, you know.
And like you said, you'd watch this and say, I could do that.
I could go do that with my friends, right?
And so you're doing that kind of comedy with your friends and uh that's what i think podcasting is kind of all about too you know you know it's uh the the listeners and the viewers
watch it and they say hey i could do that you know i i could i could get some cameras and stream
onto my youtube channel and and and maybe i could, you know, have a, have a, have a big show like these guys, you know?
And so it's, it's kind of an exciting new kind of, of entertainment, you know,
that we're, that we're all embarking on here.
And that's why I'm really enjoying doing my podcast again. I, you know,
I've got a little studio that I built here at the house and I take phone calls
and, and right now I'm talking a lot about what's going on specifically in our world.
I'm doing a little bit of a different podcast right now where it's really the theme every day is actually about this unprecedented and scary situation we're going through right now. weird three weeks before they told us to get inside and and before they this really took off
I kind of sort of semi-predicted this was going to happen unfortunately it did but and I went and I
I went down to the grocery store and I got like all this non-perishable food right because uh
you know I'm hunkered in here for the apocalypse, right?
So I've got canned collard greens here in case I can't get to the grocery store.
You're going to bust those out when?
Is that week three?
Well, I'm going to be honest with you,
and I'm not saying I've got to be honest with you and I'm not saying I gotta be honest
with you because everything
else before this has been a lie actually
no no I've been honest the whole time
I've been talking but
I've gotta be honest with you
I haven't left the house in a week
and I have no intention to leave the house until this
is over and I'm not saying
I'm not saying that to be flippant
or for a gag I'm not saying, uh, I'm not saying that to be flippant or for a
gag. I'm really not leaving the fucking house, man. Uh, you know, I don't even walk in your yard.
No, I'm not going outside. No, I'm going outside. I'm going outside, but I'm not going out in my
car. I'm not going, I'm not going to the grocery store. Uh, I'm not, you know, you know, so I got
like, you know, I got, I probably have food for like, you know,
a couple of months here.
Like I've got sardines, you know, because they say they're high in protein.
No, but it's good.
You need protein, right?
I've got chili.
I've got some chili in case, you know.
Tom, what's the name of the podcast?
I don't think you said it.
It's called the Tom Green Podcast.
Okay, simple enough.
It's on everywhere you get podcasts.
It's the Tom Green Podcast, like the Tom Green Show,
but it's the Tom Green Podcast.
And it's on iTunes and it's on Spotify
and all the spots,
Google and all that stuff.
Can you play a song for us?
Can I play a song? Don? Can I play a song?
Don't you have your piano there?
I could play Daddy Would You Like Some Sausage if you'd like.
Yeah, just a quick one because we've got to wrap this thing up going here
because we have a meeting in about five minutes.
Okay, yeah, cool, cool.
Yeah, I've got stuff to do too, man.
I've got a lot of stuff to do also.
Hey, Tom, did you see how the McKenzie brothers got a statue?
I'm pretty busy also
You know
I know you guys got a lot going on with the podcast
And everything but you know I gotta sit here in my house
And eat sardines
For the rest of the day so
Oh here we go
Daddy would you like some sausage?
Daddy would you like some sausage?
Daddy would you like some sausage? Daddy would you like some sausage? Daddy, would you like some sausage? Daddy, would you like some sausage?
Daddy, would you like some sausage?
Hey, you want me to play some music while you guys wrap up the show?
A nice little music for you while you wrap up the show?
Yeah, maybe sing a goodbye song for us.
Okay, all right.
All right, okay.
Thank you for having me on Spitting Chicklets.
Thank you. for having me on spitting chiclets thank you thank you bud that was awesome did you give give a quick shout out to the fans spitting chiclets fans hey spitting chiclets fans this is the best podcast going right now
mine is second best um so everybody uh congratulations on discovering uh this the number one podcast on
the internet spitting chiclets i love you guys love you paul man great to see you i'm so i'm
so happy and so proud that you're doing so good i i i tell you man i knew i love you the second i
met you man i love you too tom i'll talk to you on your podcast tomorrow, my friend. Amazing. Amazing. Thank you.
Love you. You're the man, buddy. You're a legend.
Thanks so much, Tom.
Giant thanks to Tom Green for joining us for as long as he did.
Man, like I said, I grew up watching this kid.
If you would have told me back in the 90s I was going to interview him someday,
I would have laughed in your face.
But he's such a unique character with his own brand of humor.
And hopefully it was a lot of nostalgia, a lot of fun nostalgia for some of our listeners um some popped up over the internet the last
couple days it has been out there for about a week with a video you popped up online titled
ryan whitney being an absolute clown for five minutes straight uh it was some of your career
highlights lowlights i'm not sure but one thing i never saw i didn't know you fucking
speared ov in the plums before did not mean to spear ov in the plums like that got fined 2500
bucks that's like that's like hold on well i just made it back so listen that was nothing but i did
not mean i did not mean to do that i promise you and right away i said oh my
god all i was trying to do was tie him up back in the old days biz you know what i'm saying i love
how we call our beginning of our career the old days you could just pitchfork a guy flip him around
with your stick no penalty and ob you know i had to tie my man up well i got i i didn't get suspended
but yeah that was uh that tape, man.
I can vouch.
Middle of a quarantine, I got some prick out there making a five-minute clip of me being a clown at the highest level in hockey, mind you.
So, you know what?
You got to take the wins with the losses, and a tape out there that's just
chirping me and carving me and showing me get beat up, I got to live with it.
I can have your back on this one
back in the day when i was a two-time ech all-star defenseman that's how you used to box guys out
they were going to the paint you got to get them right between the legs and then you can just ride
them off to where the post is let your goalie see the shot coming through nowadays you can't even
touch them it's hard to battle i mean right before that was when they they took away the can opener that's when i really got fucked the can opener got me can opener was part of your rep it was in your
scouting report the best can opener in the oh uh there was another video popping around i had seen
it a while back but for some reason i was getting tagged in it. No, I do not have any kids,
and that was not my son who crashed game
seven of the Slash Stanley Cup with a fake
media pass. Did you guys see this?
It tagged in chiclets a bunch.
This kid, he not only got in the game with a fake
media pass, he gets on the ice
after, and he fucking gets
the cup over his head, dude.
To have that on the ice is a guy who's done a lot.
Hey, listen, we covered it before,
but the fact that we get to relive it is awesome.
All right, we met him at the Pond Hockey Championship.
Biz was hanging out with the kid.
Okay, I don't know if I met him
because I probably would have took a picture with him.
I didn't meet him.
Yeah, okay.
I know I wasn't sure we mentioned it before.
I got tagged probably fucking five dozen times.
Oh, I thought we'd already mentioned
her on the podcast maybe we did we did too but you met you had met him i didn't meet him so that's
that's why but anyways it's not my son but that that fact that like i said to be to get the cup
over your head if you finesse it right but to be on the ice while they're celebrating and fucking
it just goes to show people assume if you're out there, then fucking you're supposed to be there. So he said he was Brian Elliott's brother is what he did.
All right.
Hey gang,
if you've been dealing with acne,
redness,
dark spots,
or wrinkles,
finding treatment that works can be complicated.
You need skincare that actually performs,
but getting started can be overwhelming.
Thankfully,
there's a solution.
Roman makes it convenient to get customized prescription skincare that really performs.
Just grab your phone or computer, complete a free online consultation,
and you'll hear back from a U.S. licensed physician within 24 hours.
If appropriate, a doctor will prescribe a custom blended treatment
based on your skin type and priorities.
You'll receive your custom skincare treatment with free two-day shipping.
You also get free unlimited follow-ups with your doctor if you need to make a change to your treatment or have any questions.
With Roman, there are no commitments and you can cancel anytime.
So go to GetRoman.com slash Barstool for a free online visit and start your new skincare routine today.
That's GetRoman.com slash Barstool.
Eligibility requirements and additional terms do
apply. Alright, boys, we got
actually a little bit more good news to share with folks.
Well, yeah, I guess loosely hockey
related, but NCAA players
are finally going to get compensated
for companies using their likeness,
using their names. You know, the NCAA
has fought kids on this for years.
Of all the scumbag organizations out there,
I think the NCAA might be the fucking worst.
They're just fucking awful at some of the shit they do.
So these kids, I guess, basically,
they were two elite basketball prospects who said,
fuck it, we're going to go play in the G League,
because the NBA kind of rigged the game, too.
They said you had to be NBA, I'm sorry,
had to be 19 to play in the NBA,
which is kind of like, fuck it.
Who cares? Like, you know, these kids are good enough,
or if they want to go pro, let them.
So they kind of were in collusion a little bit with the NCAA,
but either way,
these kids are finally going to get fucking some money for,
for companies exploiting them.
Yeah. I don't know how it's going to happen.
I don't know how it's going to work. And you see people out there,
say goodbye to college sports, like,
like the dramatic music playing,
like his daughter's squash game at Trinity is going to get affected by this.
All it matters is like football and basketball,
those guys, they generate so much money for these schools
that the big-time athletes, and now mind you,
it's not going to be the same for every app student athlete it shouldn't if there's a guy that sells 10 000 university kentucky
basketball shirts then why why doesn't he deserve to make some money so yeah i mean it's just a the
whole organization they they're like i said they have no i said this before i think we were talking
about the ncaa who is who is there to watch over them?
Who is it?
Who watches the Watchmen?
Yeah, exactly.
They're one of those organizations that literally does whatever they want.
They're like the Fuhrer.
My name is my name.
Hashtag Ask a Millennial, Whit.
Oh, I know this.
You should, too. I feel like you could speak more to the NCAA because you play college.
Yeah, but listen, college hockey, I got no complaints, right?
I mean, these guys, you get a full scholarship.
That's from the school.
And then you're allowed to have  you get free board,
and then they give you whatever, 1,200 a month or something, semester.
And, I mean, maybe if you look back, that wasn't enough,
but I was able to go get slices of pizza and steak tip subs.
We also had a nice little deal at a restaurant, T's.
You had a steak tip sponsorship or something?
That's twice this episode.
I'm about to cook them after, so they're in my head.
It's like, is it Pavlov's theory?
Pavlov's dog?
I don't know, dude.
I stopped eating meat, red meat and chicken, about, what, eight, nine days ago.
I'm going just fish, and I'm going to try to get away from the red meat and the chicken.
There you go.
No booze, no meat now.
Yeah, I feel good.
I'm fucking cranking.
I'm getting up in the morning going for workouts on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturdays.
I'm just going to
like a park and getting it done baby i'm fucking revving body weight stuff are you bringing like
some trx stuff and setting it up on the goalpost kettlebells and stuff about all those hip thrusts
you getting those hip thrusts baby i got the bands bands make them dance bands make them dance
that's what all those cocktail server that's what those cocktail
servers are doing now they do all those band and and squat workouts that's why they all got the
juicy bums now right g g will tell you can't confirm they have like specific leg they're
they're on sydney crosby leg workout programs now now g's gonna get turned on so quiet oh yeah
tory the tory krug special, man. These cocktail servers are evolving.
All right.
Well, boys, I think we're going to wrap it up right about now.
I'm going to go to you one more time to see if you remember the quote I gave.
Hashtag Ask a Millennial.
My name is my name.
Yeah, I don't know.
But I mean, is it a movie?
It's one of the 80s.
One of the best TV shows ever.
Oh, The Wire.
He is.
The Wire.
Oh, Marlo.
Oh, Marlo.
One out of two ain't bad. Again,
this is great. A lot of fun. A couple
great interviews. I enjoyed the chat with the
boys. Listen, everybody, have a great weekend.
I know these are challenging times, and some days
are more challenging than ever, so hopefully
we're getting you through all this shit a little bit.
As always, we want to send a huge thanks
to our tremendous sponsors. Let's
thank everybody over at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney
for the continued fantastic job.
Big thanks to everybody at String King.
You guys are doing a fantastic stuff.
Hopefully, our listeners will follow suit.
Big thanks to everybody at Simply Safe, keeping everybody safe at home.
And a big thanks to our friends at Roman.
If you're having the issues I mentioned, by all means,
check them out and take care of it.
Have a great weekend, everybody. My bum is on the rail. Bum is on the rail. Look at Roman. If you're having the issues I mentioned, by all means, check them out not very fun, if you fall down and hurt your bum.
I like to put my bum on things. It's fun for everyone. My bum is on the cheese. Bum is on
the cheese. If I get lucky, I'll get a disease. My bum is on the Swedish, Swedish, Swedish,
My bum is on the Swedish, Swedish, Swedish, Swedish My bum is on the gum, my bum is on the gum
I can blow a bubble with my bum bum bum
My bum is on the ship, the battleship
I hope they don't shoot the cannon in my bum
It's just poo all over the place, poo poo
Cause that is a very pun
When they shoot a cannon in your bum
I like to put my bum on things
It's fun for everyone
My bum is on the dog
My bum is on the cat
My bum is on the phone
My bum is all alone
