Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 268 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports podcast family.
What's up, gang?
We keep chugging along, going into the second, third round of the playoffs is where we would have been,
but of course we're not.
So let's check in, say hi to the boys.
Producer, Mike Igrinelli.
How we doing, bud?
What's going on, boys?
Night one of the Chicklets Cup, huge success.
Night two, I'm expecting an even bigger success.
We got Vincent Trocek and the infamous Nashor coming up.
So I'm excited.
Witt and Biz, you guys did a great job.
So let's keep chucking along.
Right.
Guys, the next Howard Cosell and what's his name out there?
Don Meredith.
Biz, you guys did all right last night.
Biz Nasty, Paul Bissonnette, welcome to the show.
I was a little nervous because, I mean, you've got to turn that filter on
because you're live on air.
I mean, you might not want to say the wrong thing getting canceled.
But I thought Witt did a good job of driving the bus.
We tried to ask him a few hockey questions.
What I wasn't prepared for was the fact that, you know,
they're doing two things at once if they're trying to answer questions
and concentrate on playing this game.
And I know I can't do both. So maybe a little bit more interaction between me and wit but we
had some awesome guests binnington destroyed colin blackwell and he's going to advance to the next
round and i'm excited to see what else we got coming up with uh you know we got nasher we got
the new jersey devils mascot coming on gotta get a little gritty action soon. And last but not least, our boy, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
How we doing, bud?
I'm doing great.
I'm doing just wonderful.
I don't know if people will appreciate or want the Chicklets Cup recaps,
but I don't know how many people are tuning in, right?
How many of you listeners checked this thing out?
So let me tell you, the first time we're doing it,
we don't really know what's going on.
Never in a million years would I guess that we'd get Colin Blackwell to play with the Nashville Predators.
And in the game, his own human himself gets a concussion, knocked out of the game.
That is the most guaranteed two-game sweep of a loss, which he ended up getting roasted.
I mean, one guy got injured in
six periods of hockey and it was him like what are the chances that's gonna happen i said it's like
getting a hole in one and as the ball goes in the cup you get struck by lightning because you're
clubbed up in the air celebrating so it's just an incredible first night because you were asking
like journal questions sometimes you were like you know i, like, journal questions sometimes. You were like, you know, I'm like,
I think we just got to try to chirp these guys to get them loose.
So they loosened up, and it was a dominating performance.
But both guys, really appreciated them coming on.
Good dudes.
And Binnington's little pregame commercials might have been the X factor
as well.
Yeah, he sold it good.
He had the thumb exercises going.
He put his pregame suit on, for Christ's sake, just for the internet,
for our enjoyment.
So a big thank you to Binnington and Colin Blackwell,
who's going to be recovering from his online injury.
And, R.A., we've got to have you pop by.
And another thing we're going to have you pop by for is actually
that Pink Whitney Power Hour.
After Friday's games, we play on Twitch from 8 to 9 for the Chicklets Cup.
Then Michael DelZotto will be joining us week one, friday's games we play on twitch from eight to nine for the chicklets cup then michael delzotto
will be joining us week one and and as these the the trick chicklets cup continues we're going to
do you know 45 minutes of him jumping on our ig live playing some awesome tunes and i'd love to
get some throwback tunes off your ra if you could jump on the twitch stream for that no absolutely
and when you hear this like fake concussion stuff it makes you think even more that the machines are listening to everything we say like colin blackwell just happens to get a
concussion on the night he's playing like you know when you look listening to something you see yes
pops up right away it's like these motherfuckers are listening to me i know wow the conspiracy
theories are going all the way into the online sports games now i love it i wouldn't i wouldn't
everyone knows your phone's in the corner. And I mentioned
in a whisper to my wife, I want to get a putting mat. And then three hours later, I opened my phone
and there's a putting mat ad on Instagram. So RA, I'm completely with you on that. They, they,
they're all listening. I hate it, but just to see the guy and the fact that we didn't really know
his number. He said, Blackwell is such a beauty. He said, I actually had to change my lineup because I was scratched.
He had to put himself in the game.
So if you really think about it, mid-quarantine,
think back to how your career's going.
It's like you're grinding the minors, and you're just giving it.
You're all eating soggy subs and riding on a bus.
You get your call up, and you get injured.
I mean, the poor kid.
So I just appreciated him coming on, and I did feel bad
because he was the one that first noticed it too, Grinnelli.
He was like, I think I'm dummied in the corner.
What did he say?
He's like, I think I'm unconscious in the corner over there.
So they were like, oh, that's Blackwell.
Shit.
But it was a fun night.
I'm looking forward to the next one.
Yeah, I was definitely entertaining.
And speaking of entertaining, it seems like a lot of listeners
were entertained by Elvis Merzlikens last episode.
A lot of people didn't know him.
I said, this guy might make you an instant fan,
and it seems like he did with a lot of our listeners.
Eh, Biz?
He was incredible.
You could tell how happy he is to be where he's at.
It was sad hearing the first game, though, because he'd built himself up
and he'd been dreaming it for that moment the entire time.
And, you know, he got shelled, but great to see him bounce back.
Great to see that he got paid more than what I thought originally.
And I hope he's a star in this league because what a bright personality.
And I think that's what we can all agree on, that this game needs more of.
Absolutely.
Hopefully we'll get some soon.
And on that note, we do got a little bit of an update.
I've been leery about giving updates on every single story that comes
because a lot of it's just columnist opinions, whatever,
stuff that gets leaked.
But we did want to say Pierre Lebrun did tweet the other day
that there was no decision regarding a draft yet.
It's either going to be this week, potentially dip into next week.
And then Bobby McKenzie tweeted on Monday,
at this point it's more likely than not the draft will be held in early June,
but no dates set yet.
Now other people, other sports, I wouldn't probably relay that info along,
but when it comes from those two guys, there's usually a lot of truth behind it.
You know, there was one memo that went around.
If the draft lottery proposed last week became a reality,
Detroit would be guaranteed a number one or number two overall.
Ottawa could do no worse than owning a number three and number four.
New Jersey, Buffalo, Montreal, and Chicago couldn't jump beyond two, three, four, five.
Again, it's just a report, but I thought it was interesting
because the team to benefit the most from that would be the Red Wings,
and Stevie Eisman had a quote.
Quote, my thought is, why would you do that?
Why would you need to do that? There's a lot of things that are affected obviously the draft position hasn't been
established we don't know who's in the playoffs who's out of the playoffs in some cases but at
this time my own opinion is i haven't heard a good reason why we should do it prior to the end of the
season if we do conclude the season over the course of the summer so the guy who would benefit the most isn't even down for it. Whit, I know you had some thoughts on this.
Yeah, so what else are you supposed to do right now? I mean, I'll say this, that everyone
who hates this idea and is so down on it, how many people watch the NFL draft? NHL's
obviously not where the NFL is. It hopes to be someday, popularity-wise. Probably never will
be. But people are just
jonesing for sports
right now. Anything. And I just
think that if you haven't figured
out if this season's over yet, I know
it sounds so crazy to have the draft,
but keep some sort of normality
and the only issue being
the conditional
picks. I don't know how you even begin
to approach that biz you told me the teams would maybe have to like work out a deal but
by no means does the team who got the first rounder they shouldn't get to keep that if the
player that they sent away that the contender wanted never even got to use the guy that's where
the confusion lies with and that's where i mean I mean, hey, listen, I work for the organizing.
Before you go, before you go.
Oh, no, for sure.
If they can get that figured out, are you still cool with the draft in June
or are you someone who hates it?
Yeah, but that's a lot of negotiating to be done.
And I'll tell you what, excuse me, Stevie Wise is the wrong guy to ask
because you know he wants it live because you know he wants to grill those kids
about whether they're smoking weed or not.
So you take him right out of the equation.
It's a Kirby Doc special all over again.
You're laughing, but are we in agreement here?
All right.
He wants number one, which is a for sure done deal.
I think he cares more about grilling guys about smoking weed
than he does about getting that first overall pick.
Now, that's just my opinion.
I'm some clown that hangs around on Twitter all day.
Maybe I'm getting my misinformation from other places, but whatever.
On the flip side of that, I work for an organization, not a big deal,
the Arizona Coyotes, and they did just that.
They gave up a first-rounder for Taylor Hall.
Now we don't get to see them win eight of their last 12 games on home ice,
make playoffs, and go on to win the Stanley Cup.
So I don't see why you would have it now.
You've still got to finish off the regular season.
There is absolutely no rush to have it.
I think maybe they're just trying to keep people's beaks wet
in order to delay for when the season comes back.
Yeah, I think that's a good idea.
I think it's a good idea.
Honest to to god the draft
like i think what did they do when crosby was was the pick and they gave it to pittsburgh well
yeah everyone knows that because they already had the wit dog they knew that crosby needed a perfect
tape to tape breakout pass like we got to give them to the guy with that defenseman so so listen
i think what they did was it was like the same type thing
where you couldn't jump up that much.
I don't know the exact rules.
I wish I was more educated on this.
If I had a hockey podcast, I probably would have been.
But I'm pretty sure it was similar then in terms of like Detroit deserves
first overall this year.
I don't know about you guys.
I watched them throw some pretty good efforts out there.
It wasn't like they completely tanked.
And they were bad.
They deserved the best player.
Well, I'll throw this over to R.A.
Wish made a comment about it on Twitter,
and there was a few replies that I'd agreed with.
I hadn't thought of this myself,
but talk about an organization that forever,
never even dreamed of tanking.
All they did is kept rebuilding rebuilding i think
that you can't use the excuse oh they they tanked to get this guy and therefore maybe they shouldn't
be handed it to them talk about an organization who has never took the easy way out and all they
did was rebuild so if anything they should be rewarded with that detroit yeah they gave max
effort i mean you could sit you know i mean i think when teams are quote-unquote tanking, it's more
about roster management and roster construction.
You can put guys out who are going to go balls
out every night, but just the talent level
just isn't there. So, you're not,
oh, we're not tanking. Look at our guys are leaving everything
out on the ice, but, you know, the talent
level just isn't maybe commensurate with the
playoff team. I don't know how you put, honestly,
how you put a draft before
the cup. I just, it just seems so out of order. I mean, I don't see what the rush is. Everything's out of
order. It's a gong show out there. It is. And you know, if you don't, if we don't get a cup,
okay, fine. But it just seems like that's just the wrong way to do it. I don't know. You should
have the cup, whatever. It's a draft. You can squeeze it in a weekend. I know there's a lot
of scout and a lot of paperwork involved, but most of that stuff's already done i just don't see why they can't wait until after
the cup for it okay so then i guess until the draft those kids just so eyes are gonna get his
bong rips with the boys there's gonna be no fucking draft boys it's a long time for those
guys i mean so they won't be like playing hockey what? November? The draft picks?
But nobody's playing anyways, though.
You know what I mean?
People would have been playing the playoffs.
That's what I'm saying.
If they don't finish...
All right, if June whatever comes, they don't do the draft,
and then they don't finish the season,
would you not then say, like, what the fuck?
Or will they know by the time the draft comes
if they're going to be playing that year?
I don't think anyone knows.
And like the league says, this isn't the league's decision.
This is up to the governments and scientists who's going to dictate.
I'll say this.
I don't mind them putting that little toy that cats play with in front of me
so I can still have hope that there's stuff that's going to be happening
with the NHL soon.
Maybe that argument I wasn't the winner of, but you make good points.
I just think that people need stuff to watch and enjoy.
It's more selfishly wanting something to get into.
That's why we started the Chicklets Cup.
Absolutely.
Exactly.
Blackwell can't even last 30 seconds.
Hey, boys, I know we're all cooped up,
but there is one thing we still need to do every night,
and that's strap on the feed bag.
And with DoorDash, you can keep supporting the restaurants that have been taking care of you for
years. DoorDash is the app that brings you food you're craving right now, right to your door.
Ordering is easy. You open the DoorDash app, choose what you want to eat, and your food will
be left safely outside your door with the new contactless delivery drop-off setting. Right now,
our listeners can get 5 off their first order of 15 or more and
zero delivery fees for their first month when you download the DoorDash app and enter the code
CHICKLETS. That's 5 off your first order and zero delivery fees for a month when you download
the DoorDash app in the app store and enter the code CHICKLETS. Once more, don't forget,
that's code CHICKLETS for  dollars off your first order with door dash just
got hungry reading that man i'm starving over here because you've been cooking a lot you've
been ordering out a lot what do you what do you oh my god my girlfriend is an incredible cook
it's insane and like most of the time she'll do the dishes too i'm i feel like i'm like hiding
behind the couch i but i get to take the dog out for a walk, but it's been a great setup. That's honeymoon phase.
That's going to change.
It is?
Yeah, dude.
I didn't do the dishes either, and then later on, it's like, hey,
we should just go downstairs, and then the dishes there,
you're like, oh, I guess I got to do these.
We'll see, though.
Maybe not.
He cooks.
You'll eventually be cleaning, because give it a little while.
Well, then you realize it's like
I do the vacuuming.
I like doing the  it's therapeutic to me i talked about liking to
do the dishes but like i mean if they can get done too that's like i agree and also it's the
mothership right there i'm i'm not trying to throw chirps or make what i do seem more important i'm
not that type of guy but i can't wait for this one. All right. Cleaning's way harder than cooking.
Oh,
I like cleaning,
but it's harder.
There's more work.
There's more,
there's more like,
uh,
it's meat,
it's meat and potatoes,
elbow grease.
Cooking's a mental game.
Cooking's a mental game.
That's why I don't do it.
You like throw one spice in the mix.
It just throws my world out of whack.
But when it says like one and a quarter tablespoon i'm like how do i figure out the quarter part man maybe not for
math guy over there but i'm just like here you can take care of it i'll go bring the dog for a walk
and go smoke a bowl uh what else do we have to talk about all right uh we will mention our guests
we're not bringing them on yet but in a little bit we do have Calgary Flame, Milan Lucic, coming back to the podcast.
It's been a little while since we had him on.
Really enjoyed our chat with him.
How bad did you want to say Boston Bruin, Milan Lucic?
You stuttered there for a quick second,
and I could see some of those memories glimpsed by.
Put a sad song on, single tear.
Actually, I was making sure I didn't say Edmonton or Milan Lucic.
Hey, random.
Sorry, I wasn't listening.
I'm sorry to interrupt, but I got a question randomly right now.
Bruins Classics is on 1999 Bruins Canadians.
Who do you think the coach of the Canadians is?
99.
Was it Michelle?
Was Terry in there that long ago?
Nope.
No.
I was shocked when this dude's picture just popped up
with a beautiful head of hair.
Jacques Damier?
Nope.
Keenan?
No.
Pat Burns?
Nope.
Fuck.
I'm bad at this game.
Alain Vigneault.
Oh, shit.
Wow.
Hey, and this dude's flow.
Mikey, I'm going to take you, send this picture.
Maybe we can get up on the account if it's worth it. But this dude's flow, Mikey, I'm going to take you, send this picture. Maybe we can get up on the account if it's worth it.
But this dude's flow was unreal.
Go ahead.
That's all right.
Some other bit of news here.
Pittsburgh GM Jim Rutherford told The Athletic he might have to trade a goalie.
Quote, I'll say this.
If we're going to keep both of them, we'd have to move a few things around on our team, Rutherford said.
There's a way to do things and to make that work yes there are some very very tough decisions again although the cap
for 2021 has yet to be determined Rutherford is planning that it won't go high once again
we know that much it's certainly not going to go up the Penguins have more than 68 million
committed to the roster next season Murray's contract has an average annual value of 3.75
million it's pretty cheap for number one.
Jerry, the backup, his is worth 675,000.
It doesn't seem like a lot of money to be spending on goaltenders.
You've got to worry about trading them.
But when you have a high-end talent like Sid and Gino, you've got to pay.
These are the other decisions you have to make.
Oh, I mean, Whit, just what we needed.
Another little nugget to talk about during this podcast about hockey.
A goalie controversy in Pittsburgh.
They dealt with us with flurry.
They thought they had their guy and Murray.
And now what,
what do you do?
What do you do?
Cause this,
there's still a little window here for the Pittsburgh penguins.
And if they make a wrong decision with who's between the pipes,
see you fucking later.
There,
there goes the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
the,
to get for like now now Sid's in like
hey I know we can go to the last dance in a little bit here but that's like that's MJ status no
yeah the fourth would be the fourth is so that's a big fuck you on the way out well it's like when
you get to these high level of championships everyone is just it makes it that much more
especially like again you know so I would say my opinion on this entire thing is you do whatever it takes to keep the two guys
you have now because murray was perfect proof of what can happen could you not easily see
the same thing happening with the pittsburgh penguins where jari comes in and could lead
them to a stanley cup i could he's shown me enough at certain times where it's like, whoa.
And especially also if it wasn't even per play, but maybe injury.
Murray, he's been brittle.
You know what I mean?
There's times that he's kind of battled injuries, staying healthy.
So you've got to try to keep two.
We've talked about the new goalie tandem thing
and how the league works with a two-goalie system.
I think you do whatever you can.
And, Ari, you mentioned the salaries.
Like,
well,
how is that the issue?
Yeah.
I mean,
obviously it's the other guys,
but it's,
they're getting a nice deal there.
Do you think the expansion draft plays into the part of that?
Cause they have to do an expansion draft with Seattle coming up and they
might have a goalie out of nowhere from the clouds.
The only thing is,
I don't know.
I don't know.
I didn't even know there was an expansive draft coming.
I know.
The Rain City bitch pigeons kind of fell off the radar with all this quarantine.
It's like people forgot.
It sucks for them, too. I mean, you know, a new exciting franchise and all this other shit we have to talk about instead.
Jeez, the bitch pigeons are definitely someone we need to worry about.
Well, the thing is with both goalies, though, real quick,
they are both scheduled to be RFA after the season.
So that obviously complicates matters is the word.
But, you know, it's something else, another factor that's involved.
So the Leafs, they had a big sign-in.
Finnish defenseman Mikko Lettinen, he was kind of a huge free agent.
A lot of teams were in on him.
Well, the Leafs signed him to a one-year entry-level deal
worth nine and a quarter mil.
26-year-old left shot defenseman, was the highest scoring defenseman
in the KHL this past season, 49 points in 60 games.
Played for Joe Carrot last year, but the team and the player
mutually agreed to part ways.
They terminated the contract.
Are you familiar with this kid at all,
other than what we've been reading about him?
No, I've read up on him, and I watched a pretty good highlight film
of some of his goals and points this year.
It looks like a stud.
It looks like he's going to be special.
And from being over there in that league,
I wouldn't be surprised at all if he came over and was awesome.
We've talked about Panarin.
He's a superstar that was over there
when I was that you could just tell was on a different level.
But there were players that I said to myself,
if this guy really got a chance in the NHL, he would be so good.
I really think that.
And this guy seems smart.
I mean, he's older too, right?
So it would probably be a little bit easier than an 18, 19-year-old kid,
especially playing defense.
That's why you don't hear about Darlene, but he's still so incredible.
Just playing in the NHL as an 18-year-old defenseman, 19, is wild.
But you got to think that it's a great, great signing for Toronto.
I mean, people were already chirping, like,
oh, undersized left-shot defenseman.
I mean, can you really have too many guys who can skate and move the puck?
We've talked about how Toronto needs to be more physical.
But, man, I don't know.
If you have a puck mover who can play 20 minutes, you'll take him all day.
Yeah, you just need the money to pay him.
What do you got, Biz?
I really want this team to win a Stanley Cup during this window of time
they have with these young guys starting to get older.
Yeah, just because you want to rip it up with them
in Toronto for the next year.
No, just because it'd be nice to see Toronto
win a Stanley Cup.
Those fans have suffered for so long.
And you constantly get these guys that are hyped up
that are coming over, and sometimes they don't pan out.
And with the fact that the cap's probably not going up,
given what's happened with all this,
they're probably not going to be able to re-sign Tyson Barry.
I would not necessarily say the Tyson Barry experiment
had worked out in Toronto if it ends at this.
And, you know, I've been very vocal about my love for him
and I know he's going to make 12, 13, 14 million in free agency a year.
We all know that.
But, you know, it'd be nice if they could win one of these guys coming over
that no one really knows much about, and all of a sudden he pops up
and he's on a fairly decent contract, well, at least for now anyway,
and they find a diamond in the rough because I think the one thing
that has been lacking there is the blue line.
And I know, like you said, people are constantly saying
they need more meat and potatoes, and I say that as well.
Elbow grease.
A little elbow grease.
But if they're going to try to stay consistent with the way they want to play
and they think that doing it with the new way it works
is going to eventually work for them, by all means.
They're basically going in kind of like Tampa.
Mind you, they don't have the headman, but I hope it works out for them.
You know what's going to be incredible, Biz? You know what's going to be incredible, Biz?
You know what's going to be wild?
What?
Is no matter what, however that ends in Toronto,
with what they've done paying those guys the big bucks,
whether they win a cup or they don't,
what a story it's going to be in a few years from now.
It'll be  imagine the drama of how that all goes down in TO.
So that's something to look forward to.
Also, I want to hop right in with something else
that I forgot to mention at the beginning.
Some incredible feedback on the McDavid interview.
And let me remind you,
R.A. asked him if he's bought any new CDs lately.
And Biz asked him, Biz called him Connor David.
That's his NASCAR name.
These are the guys I'm working with, folks.
Incredible people, but two of the best questions I've ever heard.
Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I meant a certificate of deposit.
It's a smart investment.
Wait a minute.
I'm going to drag you into this, too, right after you corrected me for saying
Connor David, which is his alter ego NASCAR name, like Ricky Bobby.
So thank you very much.
Print the T-shirts, G.
You messed up Dreisaitl's name.
What? Right after that. That's what I say. I think we're going to have to check the game
tapes. But anyway, going back to that interview, Witt's golf match. Is that how you say it?
Dreisaitl? I think when you said it in the interview, it might, whatever. Let's go back
to Connor. We were supposed to interview him Friday,
but then he'd started his trek cross-country,
so we had to get him when he was on the road,
and he was just outside Sault Ste. Marie,
so the call kept dropping.
So it kind of took us out of rhythm.
So I think, R.A., we're going to have to blame this one on Witt.
Yeah, you know, someone's got to take the hit once in a while.
I mean, taking it to make a play.
The Con of David was something special.
First one in your career, Whit.
Enjoy it.
No, I was.
Hey, hey, I'll tell you.
I took hits to one hand the thing D to D.
Terrian, Michelle Terrian said, if the puck gets dumped in your corner
and you don't get it D to D, like, that's it.
Do whatever it takes.
And I got ran over.
I always took the hit to make the play biz remember that cobra strike at it remember that um wait all right let's go back
to that mcdavid interview real quickly yeah absolutely errol baskin oh um and i think
edmonton's most wanted right now is his contractor.
I would change my address if I was that guy because I want to beat him up.
What a bozo that guy is.
Why didn't you just help out McDavid?
Do you not realize what that would have done for you?
Yeah.
These builders, dude, they try to pull these little schemes.
You know, it's always above the estimate.
There's always the little thing here and there.
You've got to keep your eye out. I think
contractors wipe themselves in Roman swipes
just to slow everything down before they
do a job.
Do we have one of their reads
today? Actually, no,
we don't. We don't have a Roman today.
No free ads, so bleep it out.
We're buzzing tonight.
We're snapping it around.
Even G's up.
Something else about the contractor.
Yeah, I think it was just more of my thoughts on,
oh, man, what was that guy thinking?
Yeah, exactly.
You have the biggest fucking name in town.
The biggest name in Canada.
Just be his guy forever now.
Use your brain, people.
They got to get that guy from HGTV who goes and fixes homes now.
The two brothers?
Those twin brothers?
They drive me crazy, those guys.
Good guys, just bad suits.
Something about their face, though.
And it's the same face.
Oh, you can't?
Come on, no.
Gee.
That's not bad.
I don't think it's bad.
That's like saying, oh, there's something about the way that guy looks.
You just want to punch him in the face.
That's the most normal.
What's the word, R.A.?
Not cliche.
Not cliche, like a term.
Well, then they're going to get tagged in our post about the podcast.
And you know what he's going to do?
And we're going to have the HGTV gang coming after us.
No, bitch.
You know what he's going to do?
He's going to say, who said it?
And then there's going to be a video of me, and he's going to be like, look at him.
He shouldn't say shit.
You know?
People who live in glass houses shouldn't
throw stones. I'm sure many people would love
to punch my face, but it's not
going to stop me from saying it about
guys that I just, I respect their
hustle. I respect the business they've built, but when I see
their face on TV, I'm just like, fuck, I'd change
the channel. I mean, I'm not taking that
out. Sorry. Yeah, I'd chime
in, but I don't watch HGTV, so I'm
not sure what I'm talking about. Are you not married? I am, but I mean, I don't watch HGTV, so I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
What are you, not married?
I am, but I mean, I don't know.
I'm fucking, like I told you, I'm not a Mr. Fix-It
handyman dude. I don't watch any of that
shit. Oh, wives love
watching HGTV. That and QVC.
Our kitchen's only three years old.
We need a new one.
QVC's like the
shopping, isn't it? Yeah. Girls don't
watch that. They watch like Bravo. They don't
buy like 8 diamond
rings on QVC.
Call 1-800 numbers.
Little chiclets figurines.
We need
chiclets. Do we have chiclets tree
ornaments for Christmas? Yeah.
Okay. Oh, yeah.
That just popped
right into my head. You're going to be going on QVC Okay. Oh, yeah. That just popped right into my head.
You're going to be going on QVC to sell them, bitch.
With shorts on and the suit coat that the guys from Fixer Upper sent me,
the two twins.
Yeah, I'm going to put a fucking rattlesnake on the box.
Oh, for Christ's sake.
Is a rattlesnake poisonous? Oh, fuck, for Christ's sake. Is a rattlesnake poisonous?
Oh, fuck yeah.
What's the most poisonous snake?
I think a pit viper.
So what's the snake that'll kill you that isn't poisonous?
The big dog.
Those are the constrictor family.
Boa constrictor.
Python.
Python.
The anaconda.
Those scare me more.
Those scare me more because the bite from the, what'd you say, python?
A python bite won't kill you. Those scare me more because the bite from the, what did you say, python?
A python bite won't kill you.
It's like a viper, rattlesnake, and asp.
Rattlesnake.
So that's quick, though.
That's quick.
Bing.
You got it.
And then you're like, oh, my God, panic time.
I got to get to the hospital.
I'm dead.
But the boas, dude, seeing them get around you and choke you, that's way scarier. Yeah.
One of your first viral videos was when you fought that snake in your garage there.
Oh, yeah.
I fought.
I went toe-to-toe with a rattlesnake.
Yeah, that was pretty ballsy, Biz.
I mean, a lot of people would have just picked up the phone and done the smart thing and got a handler out there.
The craziest part about it was it was clearly following me in the night before when I got home and I believe I was on a phone call so I was kind of walking in slow to the garage to not go in the
house because I think it was getting late and people might have been sleeping so the garage
when I closed it had closed on the rattlesnake so when I opened the garage in the morning and I went
around the car and I opened up the passenger side then I started walking back the other way I put
my head up and then I noticed it and And that's when I like, I jumped.
And I'm like, this thing's not moving.
And then I noticed that the marks were on it.
I'm like, oh my God, I think I might've killed it by closing the garage on it.
So I ended up going to do what I got to do.
I came back about an hour later and it hadn't moved yet.
But then when I brought out the poker and thank God I didn't go up to grab it to throw
it in the garbage.
Cause once I hit it with the poker, then boom, it was right back to life.
Like nothing had happened.
That garage door didn't phase it one bit.
Okay.
So the scariest part is you got lucky dude, because that thing gets in the garage.
It's then in there, you come out the next day and there's a rattlesnake who could have
bit you.
It could have been hiding in the trash.
If it would have already came in the garage by the time I'd closed it.
Yeah.
Like what if it would have been under the car and I go to like step out oh my god right yeah that is
petrifying so how much time do you have to get like help before you die after one of those bites
you um the antivenom you have to get i i think if with a rattlesnake if you as long as you get to a
hospital within in like an hour you you might okay so that's not much time if you're out in the desert.
Oh, you're fucked if you're like miles from civilization.
I used to live in Cave Creek too.
So yeah, it would have been at least a good 20, 30 minutes.
So that's the time you guys almost lost your co-host.
But it's also too like the size of the snake, how much venom they get in you.
There's a bunch of variables.
But I mean, rattlesnake, yeah, a lot of people survive rattlesnake bites it's like i said a pit viper nothing gets your heart going quite
like getting bit by a snake i got bit by a boa constrictor man and it scares the absolute shit
out of your heart just like does not stop beating like crazy for a while you think that's it man
did you squeak in a couple phone calls no no pike that was it was a boa constrictor they're not
poisonous but it's still you don't expect it. It just happens so fast.
It scares the shit out of you.
But it's definitely one you can check off the checklist, though, bit by a snake.
All right, boys.
A couple other notes here before we send it over to Looch.
Our buddy Sidney Crosby donated 100,000 meals to the Pittsburgh Food Bank.
He said, quote, I saw the people of Pittsburgh coming together to help one another,
and I wanted to be a part of that.
Said Crosby, we know he does tons of shit he doesn't like the recognition for, but this particular thing got out, so we want to give him props for that.
Also in Columbus, Pierre-Luc Dubois and Oliver Bjorkstrand, they bought 625 pizzas for workers at 29 Kroger grocery stores in and around Columbus.
And back in March, Dubois gave a couple thousand dollars worth of food
to residents of a senior center in Montreal where his parents live.
So, again, these guys are doing some nice things out there.
They don't do it for the recognition, but we do like to recognize them.
So, good job, gentlemen.
And, boys, I think we should send it over to Milan Lucic right about now.
What do you think?
Yeah.
This interview was brought to you by Bud Light Salsa.
The great taste in seltzer from
bud light that comes in four delicious flavors it's unquestionably good bud light seltzer is a
proud sponsor of spit and chiclets and also now a proud sponsor of the echl player relief programs
the league that is near and dear to our buddy biz from early in his career this support will help
go to players coaches and all the staff that help make this league a vital part of the hockey
community and a reminder to everybody to stay safe and all the staff that help make this league a vital part of the hockey community.
And a reminder to everybody to stay safe and stay indoors,
and luckily you can get Bud Light Delta delivered to your door with Drizzly.
First-time users can get 5 off with the code BudLight at checkout.
Some restrictions do apply.
And now without further ado, we're going to send it over to Milan Lucci.
Our next guest is making his return to the show.
He's currently in his 13th NHL season,
still one of the baddest mofos in the game.
Won the Stanley Cup back in 2011 with the Boston Bruins.
The last time we spoke with him,
he just finished his second season as an Edmonton Oiler.
But today he's on the other side of the Battle of Alberta.
It's a pleasure to welcome back to Spitting Chicklets,
Milan Lucic.
Thanks for having me back, guys.
Not a lot going on these days, but it's fun to be back on the show.
How are you coping with everything?
You got cabin fever yet?
I know you got kids.
They're probably driving you crazy by now, huh?
You know what?
They've surprisingly been pretty good. Obviously, there's the meltdown here and there on a daily basis.
My oldest daughter, Valentina, she's seven now.
Nikki's going to be five on May 20th.
Milan Jr. is going to be two on May 17th.
They're all still pretty young, pretty close in age.
My two daughters, they get along for an hour,
then they fight for an hour, and they get along for an hour,
then they fight for an hour.
And the little man, we got him mini sticks and stuff like that, so he just wants to play mini sticks all the time.
And then, you know, he gets tired for 20 minutes,
and then he wants to go on to the next thing and running around the house
and all that type of fun stuff.
So they're definitely keeping me and the wife busy, that's for sure.
I was going to ask for a breakdown of Milan Jr.,
but you gave it pretty good there.
Is he a truck?
Is he a big-sized kid?
Yeah, he is pretty big for his age, for sure.
Yeah.
I mean, my wife is 5'8 too so uh she's and her dad is like
6'4 so there's a height on her side as well i'm gonna i'm gonna guess that um milan jr to to
rider whitney would be very similar to milan the dad and ryan whitney So if we have kids' sons the same age, I would be interested to see them go at it.
You know what?
He's had a couple play dates,
and when he's played with a toy
and someone comes over and grabs it from him,
and I've seen him do it with his sister too,
he goes right back at him,
and he'll either push him over or smack him or something
to get his toy or whatever the hell he's playing with back.
So he definitely doesn't take any shit from anyone.
Yeah, it is in his blood, that's for sure.
What about the girl's side of it?
Are they playing dress-up with you?
Do they get to put the lipstick and the eye shadow?
Do they put the dress on dad?
No, none of that yet.
That's happened in the past. That's going to be day 14 of quarantine you're going to be you're going to be asking people what's what color you are gonna be twitzy
yeah here i am with the introduction of being one of the baddest mofos and i'm telling you guys that
i have uh seven and a five-year-old putting makeup on me and playing dress up but
but that's uh that's just the fun part about being a dad and so far it's been a lot of art
you know it's just been a lot of drawing um you know we do a good job of kind of giving them all
that so they can paint and color and and all that type of stuff so it's been a lot of art and all
that type of stuff and my oldest daughter she loves playing Mario Kart on Wii with me.
So every night we play Mario Kart, and we got the wheels and stuff,
so it's not like the old school way.
So you're actually driving.
And one of the times I did the old drinking and driving.
But, you know, I had to have a little fun with it on a personal standpoint.
The makeup comment made me think about the dye job
that you and Ronaldo had mid-season.
It seems like that relationship kind of was like right off the hop
when he got there, you guys kind of bonded.
And also just talk about how close that team is in general.
Yeah, it was, you know, him being in Philly and me being in Boston,
you know, we had our battles for a couple of years there.
And you know how it goes.
You know, it's usually the guys that you have the biggest battles with
and then your teammates with them.
Those are the guys that you usually uh
get along with the most and uh i think me and rhino uh you know we had a similar upbringing and
and all that uh type of stuff we we had to do it the the hard way to to get ourselves and
into the nhl and um we both definitely uh enjoy the physical side of the game.
And it was really funny because I remember that day.
It was New Year's, well, what, December 30th, if I can remember correctly.
And I was just like, I just sat in the dressing room.
I'm like, you know what, let's just change it up for 2020.
You know, let's turn this thing around and start the new year with a new look.
And I was like, I'm going to bleach my hair.
And then Rhino overheard me.
He's like, you know what, I'll do it too.
So I was like, okay.
So it was one of those things
where I think the guys kind of looked at me
and were kind of like, okay, you know,
he's just talking out of his ass.
He's not going to actually do it.
So anyways, so I went I went over to the shopper's drug mall down the street and,
and I had to actually go twice because the first one that I got didn't have the bleach in it.
So I put it in and then I looked like carrot top when I took it out. So I made my wife go back and get the one with the bleach in it. And then, uh,
and then, uh, you know, and then it ended up looking the way that it did. And then once,
once I showed Rhino that I was doing it, uh, he did it right away and, and, and two kind of
different looks. Um, you know, I, I had a little bit more hair than he did. So he kind of had like
the slim shady look going and I kind of had like the,
yeah.
And I kind of had like the,
the Billy,
Billy Idol kind of look going with the,
with that type of type of thing.
And,
you know,
at the start people kind of were like laughing at it and it looks silly,
but you know,
once,
once,
once it grew in and all that type of stuff,
I think it looked pretty good,
you know?
And,
and that's why i'm
kind of i'm kind of rattled that we're we're not playing right now i was gonna like retouch it up
and get it all ready for these last couple games and into the playoffs and stuff like that you know
i was i was ready to to get the blonde look going into the playoffs like uh like the old junior days. But it was pretty cool to have someone do it with you.
And honestly, he's re-dyed his hair, I think, like three or four times since.
But I haven't.
He's feeling it.
He's feeling it.
I was going to say, you could start doing makeup tutorials.
You could be like the new Marilyn Manson of the NHL when it all gets going again.
Coming in with the eyeliner like a rock star.
Bunch of glamor.
You also mentioned, Looch,
going against the guys you battle the hardest with
are usually the guys you end up being the best buddies with
when you finally end up meeting them.
There's a few issues this year.
We don't need to dive into them that happened between Edmonton
and even L.A. where I think a few people try to call you out,
not scrapping and getting involved
physically in those series and battles on the ice but I know personally it's very difficult when
you've spent time on the other side and you love those guys and you went to battle with them to
like just turn on that that fake hatred it's it's difficult to get you know involved physically like that. Was that difficult for you in the situations this year?
Well, it wasn't against LA.
It was with Edmonton because I did fight McDermott twice this year.
But, yeah, you know what?
It was one of those things.
I mean, I even said it in the media after.
It was like, what was I supposed to do, Jump off the bench and get involved in a scrum
and take a 10-game suspension?
Like, you know, it's not the 70s and 80s anymore
where you can do stuff like that, you know,
where it's a full team brawl and guys are squaring off
with sticks in each other's faces and jousting
and all that type of stuff.
And you know what?
It just seemed like, you know, every time I was on the ice,
nothing happened.
And, you know, I played with those guys.
Those guys played with me.
It's not like those guys were coming at me, challenging me,
trying to get me going.
I'm sure if you ask those guys, they were,
that's what they were trying to do is you know kind of just just keep the you know just pain the animal and and and not let him out and all that type of stuff luch i was i was just
saying it because when i saw some of the noise i was a little bit surprised where i'm like man
these people have no idea what it's like to have to, and I used, I used the Edmonton one more as an example, but there, there was that. And I felt
that after that situation, and there was a little noise that you responded where there was a stretch
of games where you were going at most nights and, and you, and you're, and you started playing some
fucking great hockey, man. Yeah, I agree with you. And, and like you said and like you said like I was I was teammates with those guys for
three years you know I was with them every day for three years and all of a sudden you you know
it's like to your point with what you were saying it's it's it's hard to turn on this different kind
of switch and just just punch a guy in the head that you've played games with
and were in the dressing room with
for three straight years.
But at the end of the day...
Looch, does it not...
I think it makes sense, though,
if you look at it the way of...
A guy on your team was throwing the hits
that they were pissed off about.
It wasn't even one of your guys
taking like dirty hits do you know what i mean like what it was such a different scenario and
what did they want you to do they wanted somebody else on your team dead you know what i mean
exactly and and you know what i they were the ones that were that were chirping and they were
the ones that were talking about, you know,
getting our guys back and all that type of stuff.
And like you said, it wasn't like, you know, they made a big hit
or they did something, you know, that needed to be dealt with and all that type of stuff.
So, yeah, that's actually a really good point that you brought up as well with.
So yeah, it's just, I was kind of taken back and a little bit surprised by it, but maybe
it was a bit of a spark that I needed because what Biz said, I started to play like myself
again after I got called out.
So maybe it was a good thing that I got called out because right after that, I think I got robbed out of a Gordie Howe hat trick in San Jose somehow,
where they gave me a roughing instead of a fighting.
And I had one or two that night.
I'll call the league.
I'll get it changed.
Yeah.
So I think I fought like three, four times after that.
And I had, I don't know, almost, I think I had eight or nine points after that.
So, yeah, so maybe it was kind of, personally, it was almost a good thing
because it did light a little spark in me,
and I kind of got the badass animal going again, you know?
There you go.
Looch, I want to ask you, does the negative shit ever get to you,
or is it much easier to put aside now that you've been in the league
for 13 years?
You know what?
I've always been the type that never really paid attention to what was said
on the outside, and that was something that was taught to me by my junior
coach, Don Hay
and he caught me reading an article about myself when I was with the Vancouver Giants and you know
I just wanted to read it because you know your name's in the paper you know in the province of
of in the Vancouver paper so you're just like oh that's pretty cool I'm in the paper look
my name is right beside in the article beside Nazlin and Bertuzzi. So that's pretty awesome.
That's cool shit.
Yeah.
And he asked me what it said, and I told him.
And he goes, well, would you read it if it was negative?
And I said, no.
He goes, okay.
So if you won't read it if it's negative, then don't read it if it's positive.
So I kind of thought about that for a little bit,
and I brought that into my pro career.
And to be honest, until now, I still don't really listen to negative stuff.
Even if I'm watching TSN or Sportsnet and they start talking about me on the TV,
I'll change the channel.
And I'm not just saying this.
I'm actually being truthful here.
So especially sometimes I don't really like to hear myself talk on TV,
to be perfectly honest.
Dude, I can't listen to myself talk.
I'll puke.
I can barely listen to this podcast.
I'm like, it's brutal.
I've got to take gravity if I want to listen. So I won't be listening to this podcast once I'm like, I got to take gravel.
So I won't be listening to this podcast once it's all said and done.
And here my daughters are,
they got all dressed up and makeup pop and they're here to show me what they look like.
Okay.
Thank you girls.
Okay.
Out of here.
We're going live stream dress up.
Let's do it.
Come on.
I need it.
The fans need it.
But to your question, Ari, I think sometimes it's good.
For me personally, sometimes it's good to hear it.
I mean, when coaches have been on me, I've always responded well.
I'm sure if you ask Claude or Don or Daryl, you know, they'll tell you that.
If, you know, the harder they got on me at times, they would, you know,
wake me up and I would play better.
So, yeah, so sometimes the negativity will
Just harder because they're so intimidated.
They don't want to yell at you and you're going to beat the shit out of them.
They're like, no, you pussy.
No, he sends his son after him.
Yeah, but I would let them coach.
You know, at the end of the day, I let the coaches coach.
And, you know, sometimes you got to just bite your lip and let them coach.
How did you like Daryl?
And take it. How did you like Daryll i love daryl i you know what i got one year with daryl
and i loved him i still have a relationship with him i texted my call him i've been out to his uh
his place in viking he's got a few he's got a few screws loose though eh like the way his coaching
style is like i don't know how he lives every day
like that during the season like he is he's on edge but it's but it's so funny because he is who
he is as a head coach and then you you meet the person Daryl and he is honestly one of the best
people you will ever meet in your entire life he will give you the shirt off his butt off his back for you and to be honest like that was that was that was the vibe that i got for him
he what what he did in a dressing room to motivate to to push and all this type of stuff yeah to your
to what you said he had some screws loose as far as that went but you know his human side was
you know he'd be the first guy to give you
a hug if you had a problem or anything like that. And for me going into LA that year after, you
know, my dad had died, you know, the way he took me in and, you know, built me back up again and made me feel, you know, he really, I guess, rejuvenated me as a person
to be at my best just because of how, you know, he dealt with me, not just him, Dean Lombardi as
well, you know, the way they were with me that year after coming off a tough summer, you know,
they made it so much fun for me to be there in L.A.
I think they took a lot of heat, like Dean Lombardi on his way out for the way the Voinov situation happened.
And then there was a player in the minors.
They had a two-hour meeting about all this domestic abuse
because it was a time in sports when all of a sudden it was happening a lot.
And it's like, holy shit here. And then there was the voinov case so they addressed it right away
they're like listen like guys listen to what's going on here like come on here like there's
difference between having an argument and like taking it to the next level well fucking sure
enough like three weeks later our our goalie in the american hockey league who was on a conditioning stint ends up doing the
same thing so it was just a lot at that period of time and i feel like they got like a bad name or
something but they like lombardi's a good person like he is a good human being that everyone in
that organization was exactly and and you know what like to add to your point dean would do anything he could possibly do
to help you you know whether you had alcohol drugs um you know relationship uh with your spouse
relationship with your parents family he he cared he he cared. He would do literally anything he could to try to help you out.
And it just seemed like, to what Biz was saying,
a bunch of things happened one right after another.
And I think that year, too, I'm not going to name the players,
but didn't one player kick another player in the chest?
Yeah, there was another issue down in the fucking minors
too man it was they were they were trying to dodge bullets it was like holy shit it was like
the perfect storm one of my teammates kicked my other teammate in the chest down the stairs
like i remember getting the text and i'm like you have to be kidding me right now here's to the other
length that dean lombardi went after that happened he had he hired brant myers in order to be kidding me right now here's to the other length that dean lombardi went after that
happened he had he hired brant myers in order to be that person or organization where if any of
these young guys were having any type of issues whether it was with their family maybe their
drugs he was there in place to talk to because he had been through it himself yeah we interviewed
him correct i we have an interview with brant
meyers i would go back and listen to it and he's very open about how he's he's he's turned the
corner and it's an unbelievable story so they even put him in place in order to deal with these type
of issues so they were taking the necessary precautions it was just like like i said it
was the perfect storm where it was like oh my god like three fucking things and they were getting
dragged through the mud and the organization maybe wasn't doing as well after the two cups so
i just felt like these are the types of things i like that the public know that happens behind
the scene that they don't fucking go into detail about and some of these people are getting their
name dragged through the mud and it's like god it's hard to see man they're not bad people
exactly especially because dean dean did everything right to build that organization man. They're not bad people. Exactly. Especially because Dean
did everything right
to build that organization into
a championship organization.
And they end up getting two
cups in three years out of it.
And all of a sudden,
two years later, they just get
kicked in the side of the head
with, like you said,
three different issues all at once.
It feels like it just spiraled out of control.
It sucks to see that it went down the way that it went down.
Again, with my experience with them,
I couldn't say anything more than how awesome it was
in dealing with them on the personal side and also on the sports side.
I was just going to add to the last thing too.
You've got to remember in some of these situations,
these guys haven't developed into men yet.
Unfortunately, they've done something that's going to alter the rest of their life.
And there's got to be like an explanation process as to like how far they've taken it
and how serious the measures.
You can't just go, all right, fuck off now.
Because then like, I mean, this is a human being and he's done something awful.
So I just think there needs to be more sympathy on maybe how long the process is
in order to handle it.
And like the whole situation of giving someone a second chance is a different conversation we don't need
to have but it's just it's it's it's not a good situation for anyone so we can move on from this
we can talk about something more positive i'm sorry to i got a good i got a good positive thing
to talk about um i've had nhl network and golf channel pretty much on all day every day and
they're replaying so many different things before i even knew you were coming on tonight the other
day they had um game seven of your stanley cup win in in vancouver and i i noticed i don't know
if you'll remember but after the second period ended i think you guys were up three to one
and it panned to you and Bergeron on the
bench.
And you guys like were eye to eye.
You didn't like give each other a hug,
but I could tell you,
I don't know what you guys said,
but you're like,
Holy fuck,
like 20 more.
Do you remember that moment?
I do actually.
It was,
it was three nothing.
And,
uh,
Oh shit.
My bad.
Four nothing final.
Well,
I imagined the goal. It's been a long quarantine.
Well, the only reason why I think we were so businesslike
and we were so, you know, you talk about,
I remember being beside Bergie in that instance
because I think we were so focused
and I think we were so businesslike
because the year prior, we were up 3-0 on Philly in Game 7.
So in our minds, we're going, okay, we just got to get through the rest of this period up 3-0.
And we got to know this is not over because we did blow a lead last year to Philly,
being up 3-0, not only in this game, but in the series.
So, and I mean, I actually just listened to BX's last one and, you know,
they had all the firepower in the world that year.
People forget, I think they were like almost plus 200 on goal differential.
I think they were like almost plus 200 on goal differential.
You know, they had a guy with 40, two guys with 35,
maybe 10 guys with 20 goals and all that fun stuff.
Yeah, like Vancouver was, everything went right for them that year.
They were almost like Tampa was last year, but, you know, they made it all the way to game seven of the final.
And, yeah, but it was really interesting because, you know,
you talk about that moment, and I heard BX say the other day
they were nervous.
That was one of the most nervous he's ever been going into a game.
And I remember, you know, for us, out of all the seven games,
I think that was the calmest we were going into
all the seven games and i remember you know even in that moment that you talked about with me and
bergie and then in that intermission you know there was it was it was there was so much confidence
that we were going to get this done you know it was it was great and and it was really funny was every time we had a lead
uh or we were tied going into the third period uh one of the uh superstitious things that was said
was tim thomas always said i guarantee if we win this period we'll win this game and we all kind
of would cheer as as as the playoff yeah it was just something you know was just something silly that we would say.
The guys would be like, yeah, fuck it, right,
Timmy, let's go.
That was Timmy's one-liner that he would always
say on that playoff run.
I remember when
he said it in that second
intermission going out for the third
period of Game 7 against Vancouver.
He pipes up and he says
that, you know, I guarantee if we win this period, we're going to win the game.
And all the boys are like, yeah, fuck it, right,
let's go win this fucking period.
And everyone was jacked up and all that.
Was that the loudest of the cheers?
Was everybody just waiting for him?
And then when he said it, it was like, fuck yeah, we got it.
You guys knew.
Oh, yeah.
You know, the anticipation of him saying that,
especially having a 3-0 lead to go win the Cup,
I think he might have even said, you know,
I guarantee if we win this period, we'll win the Stanley Cup.
I think he said that.
I think that's exactly how he said it.
A little French I thought you were going to say again.
That's a game changer.
I'm going to have to ask Boychuk on that because he would probably remember
that more than anyone.
But anyways, yeah, when he said that, you know,
our room was so fired up to go out there to play the last 20 minutes
and it all obviously was a dream come true after that.
Hey, Looch, I want to go back to earlier in the playoffs,
that game seven versus Montreal.
It was an unbelievable series.
You guys looking good, up a goal late.
PK scores, ties the game up.
How much did that deflate you guys, or did it deflate you at all at that point?
Because that series was so close.
Yeah, I mean, the series was so close because, you know,
you look at that Game 7 as a whole, you know,
we go up 2-0 kind of right away, and then, you know, we go up 2-0 kind of right away.
And then, you know, they make it 2-1.
Then all of a sudden it's 2-2.
Then Chris Kelly scores.
It's 3-2.
Then we take the high-sticking call.
I think it just, like, grazed Wisniewski's visor,
and he snaps his head back.
And we get a high sticking call.
And, you know, they get the puck over for the famous PK one-timer
and it goes in.
And in all of our minds, we're like, man, like these guys,
like we're literally better than any team in the Eastern Conference.
But these fucking Habs, they just won't go away.
They just won't go away.
Like, what the hell?
They just won't go away.
And then, you know, we kind of, I think it was, we had a face-off.
And McQuaid, you know what?
McQuaid doesn't get enough credit for the pinch that he made on the winning goal.
He made a pinch in the corner there to keep the puck in.
And he keeps the puck in.
He hits the puck.
It goes up in the air.
I catch it.
I move it over the Horty.
And Nathan Horton takes a slap shot.
I think it goes off Halpern and in.
And after that, it was just like, oh, my God, we actually
these guys can finally go away.
And it was one of those feelings like they just wouldn't go away.
They wouldn't go away.
And then they finally went away and then, you know,
we went into Philly and just crushed them after that.
I think that was a big part of it because, you know,
we finally made those guys go away because all season long,
if you look at the season series, the six games,
and then the seven games in the playoffs the playoffs it was just one of those things we we literally could beat any team in the eastern conference but for whatever reason those guys had our number and
we just couldn't get them to go away and you know like you said when pk scored that goal it was just
like okay really like these guys are really going to do it to us again and but
thankfully they didn't when i ask actually we had one of your teammates on a few weeks back
matthew kachuk i know it's your first year playing with them but you win the same division with him
the last couple years are you surprised at his career trajectory so far he's only 22 and he's
putting up the numbers he's putting up taking on a leadership role he's taking on
yeah you know what he He's been great.
It's been a lot of fun playing with him.
It's been a lot of fun getting to know him.
I've actually
How about his haircut?
Holy shit.
What's he doing?
That's a nightmare on Elm Street.
Whatever.
It's his style, man.
Everyone can do what they want. Oh, yeah. He's got a bleached mop. What's his style, man. Everyone can do what they want,
but yeah,
he's got a,
he's got a,
what's he going to say?
I would,
I would expect him to come back with 10 more about my ugly wrench,
my huge nose.
Like I,
I mean,
I'm just,
you know,
throwing a light jab.
Hey,
you know what?
You should never trip a guy with a big nose.
You know why?
Cause they,
they're used to having it bopped?
Yeah.
Anyways, but no, it's been great.
You know what?
I've actually, you know what?
When you get 70 points like he did the year before this one
and that team was so hot, you're kind of like, okay,
you know, you had some good line mates and all this type of stuff.
But getting to see him and play with him,
his hands are way better than I thought they were.
He's really, for a big man, he's really slippery down low,
especially when he gets the puck behind the net.
He's a great passer.
He's got great vision.
Obviously, he likes the physical side. He'll throw great passer. He's got great vision. Obviously, he likes the physical side.
He'll throw big hits.
He doesn't give a fuck.
He's a warrior.
But you know what? He's stepped up too this year.
He's fought, what, five times, which has been great to see. I mean, you know, when all that stuff was going down with Cass,
Cassian and all that type of stuff, you know,
one of the first things that Chucky came up and said to me was,
you know, I want to take care of my own business.
You know, he didn't want me to step in there for him.
He wanted to do it himself.
And I think, you know, that's where you earn your credit, you know?
I mean, that's where you earn respect in this league.
And, you know, when you play a certain way,
you're going to have to answer the bell at certain times.
And I think he's definitely shown that a lot this year.
And, you know, I think he does agitate.
He does like to chirp.
He does all those type of things, which is fine.
I mean, you know, that's, I wish.
Is he a good chirper?
Is he a good chirper?
Is he getting under guys' skin?
Or is he coming with the old cliche stuff?
A little bit of both.
He'll have some original stuff.
But he does have the original stuff but he he does have uh he does have the
cliche stuff as well but there are some original stuff that he's thrown out there what's something
original where you were like okay all right i might add that to my bag you know what to be
honest i i actually don't pay attention to too much to it when i'm when. I'm focused on my type of stuff.
At the end of the day,
like I said,
I think he's involved
in that by
stepping up for himself and all that
type of stuff.
It's been great to see.
He's a great player see and, um, you know what, it's, he's a great player and, um, you know, I was,
I was excited to have this playoff push with him. I mean,
I'm not counting the season out or the playoffs out at all,
because still completely up in the air with what's going to happen here moving
forward. But, you know,
I was excited to go into a playoff series with a guy like him for sure.
Can we talk about how Johnny Ham and Cheese Goudreau
has the palate of a fourth grader?
What does he order at dinner with you?
Chicken fingers?
You know, it's funny
I don't even know
I don't even know if I could
I don't even know if I could take a slap shot
with his stick I think I would just
go right through it
mini sticks
but it's impressive though
you know what he's got a hard
he's got a pretty quick, hard release, too.
I know.
He uses like a 60 flex, and the way he dances on the ice,
I mean, you know what?
I played against these guys for four years,
with one year in L.A. and three years with Edmonton,
against these guys in a division,
and I got to say, a lot of these players are better
than I thought they were playing against them
now that I'm playing with them.
So, yeah, and the one guy on our team that I think
doesn't get enough credit is Lindholm.
You know, if you ask me, he's probably been our best player this year
on both sides of the puck.
And here's a guy who was the fifth overall pick to Carolina,
you know, who's in the trade with Hannafin for Dougie Hamilton.
You know, he's 29 goals.
That was a ballsy trade to me by Carolina,
but I will say Dougie Hamilton has been great there.
And who did you say the other one was?
Excuse me?
Hannafin.
He's been okay too.
Carolina has made some ballsy moves.
Just like, whoa, that's a massive piece you just moved there.
But, I mean, it's good that he worked out.
It kind of worked out for both sides.
Yeah, 100.
And like I said, it's funny to me, especially for a guy that's playing in a Canadian market like Lindholm has been this year.
He, you know, I feel like he doesn't get enough credit like he should.
Looch, I know you like the nitty gritty details. You're a big hockey, well not hockey, I don't call you a nerd, but I know you like all the nitty-gritty stuff. And now the season obviously gets wiped out or reduced.
Other than the obvious stuff about records and points,
I'm really curious about the conditional draft stuff.
Because when you got traded from Edmonton, there was a condition on there,
a very unique condition.
It was basically if James Neal scores 21 goals and Milan Lucic scores 10 or fewer,
then Neal, then Edmonton gets the third-round pick.
Right now he's got 19 goals.
You have eight.
So is there something in the contract that says if there's a season stoppage
that the draft pick can't be moved?
Are you aware of that?
I know it's kind of a nitty-gritty detail, but if the season doesn't get completed,
I don't know how they would rule that.
I think it's hilarious that that's what that's come
down to right now.
I can't 100
answer your question.
It is a deep cut.
I know that.
I'm sure
if they said
all these conditions are thrown out the window
that maybe, I don't know
Edmonton would petition for it but if you ask
me right now I would say
so who would get the pick?
Edmonton would get the pick or Coyote would get the pick?
Yeah they get a third rounder
if he scores what more than 20 you said already?
He has to have 21 and Luch
has to be within 10 goals of him
basically but he doesn't have 21 yet so that
condition doesn't apply,
but of course they haven't played a full season.
That's why I'm,
I'm curious how something like this would get,
get hammered out.
You know,
I know it's like I said,
it's a deep cut kind of thing,
but it jumped out at me when I was prepping for the show.
Yeah,
that's a,
you know,
that's a great question that I can ask maybe the,
the PA or something who would have a better answer for you.
But if you ask me, I think, you know, the conditions should stand.
I don't know.
But I'm not the rulemaker.
I just think it's funny that here we are with what should have been 12 games left
and we're 11 goals apart.
And you know what?
Like, the shitty thing is, too, like,
I had one and one in my last game,
and, you know, I was starting to get...
You were buzzing.
I was starting to feel it again, and...
Yeah, starting to feel it again, and I...
And Neeler just came off a pretty big injury.
I don't know what it was, but you know,
he came off in a pretty big injury and, you know,
I felt like I was starting to feel it again.
So I think I probably would have closed that gap from,
from 11 goals. And I,
that's why I think it's funny that that that's where that's sitting at right
now.
I'm so interested to end up seeing what happens with teams who made deals,
you know, to know to give up high
picks for a guy to try to go on a run rental players to try to win a stanley cup and now
they never got the chance to that's kind of as a former player where i'm thinking what happens to
the team who gave up a lot for a guy that they never even got to use so i'm just i'm curious
to see how the league addresses that. You know what I mean?
Yeah, those are all great questions if you ask me because you look at Vancouver, they gave up a lot for Toffoli.
And it's actually worked out really well for Vancouver
because Toffoli's been lighting it up ever since he's gotten there.
But now, and they got him because when they traded for him,
they were first in the division, I believe.
So, you know, they got him for a playoff push,
and he had won a Stanley Cup,
and he's shown that he can perform in the playoffs
and all that type of stuff.
And now, you know, we don't know if he's ever going to play
for the Vancouver Canucks again.
And who else?
Tampa gives up, what, a first and foot for Coleman and, you know,
a bunch of other  I don't  there's a bunch of other trades where,
like you said, there's prospects and first-round picks
and second-round picks that are going certain ways.
And, yeah, I was  you what i was i was thinking that exact
same thing like you know some of these some of these gms are you know putting you know
their jobs on the line and and you know they're going all in yeah yeah they're going all in for
this season because they're going for a run and And, you know, even the Bruins, they give up, you know,
they give up what they give up for Richie and Kasha.
And, you know, because they feel like, you know,
that's their move for their playoff push and all that type of stuff.
And, you know, we give up picks for Gustafsson and Forbert
who have been, you know been really good for us.
And who knows?
Sometimes you give up a fourth-round pick,
and all of a sudden that fourth-round pick is Brendan Gallagher,
who was a fifth-round pick.
Who was a fourth-round pick?
Wasn't Jamie Benn a fourth-round pick?
I don't know.
One of those guys.
Marshy was a third-round pick.
So sometimes those third, fourth, fifth-round pick. I don't know. One of those guys. Marshy was a third-round pick. So sometimes those third, fourth, fifth-rounders,
they can end up being, you know, a big-time player on your team.
So, yeah, there's a lot of unanswered questions and uncertainties
and all that type of stuff.
And, yeah, so it's
Looch, Looch, you mentioned Derek Forbert.
Ask him about the mattress in the hallway story okay and i'm praying i am praying one day this guy comes on here and tells that story but
i don't think he's going to do so while playing but oh my god one of the craziest stories i've
ever heard so ask him about the mattress in the hallway story, okay? Tell him it was when I was in Hermosa and I went to visit him.
All right.
You know what?
When we're done this, I'm going to ask him right after.
Do it.
And I'm hoping that this saying it on here might give him a little kick in the ass
to come on and share a funny story with our fans.
And if not, I'll just have our fans shame him
and boo him at every arena in the nhl whenever
he visits on the road 100 i'm gonna get on him about it do you know my idea for you is uh i think
you'd be a great guy to write a book and now naturally you ain't gonna write a pro neither
would i but you can talk to someone and like all these athletes do. You ever think about doing that?
Well, I would have to get someone
to write it for me because
somebody's going to reach out to you after this interview.
I'll write it, Looch.
Because like I was
I think like 56
in English. I couldn't write an essay to save
my life or
for anything. What was your best subject?
I was 56
too. Let's just do it together. That's over
100 right there.
Boom, there you go.
But no,
actually my best subjects were math
and chemistry. I was actually good at math.
Fuck off. You were good
at fucking chemistry. Shut up.
Walter White.
I got 85 in Chem 11.
I actually did get 85 in Chem 11.
So there you go.
But anyways.
No, you know what?
We got to track your teacher down.
I want fucking proof.
I want to see some test results and shit.
I know, dude.
He was probably getting.
He wasn't even going to class.
They would just pass him because he was big bad.
So you know the periodic table of elements.
Like you know that shit.
Come on.
Okay, this is Chem 11 we're talking about.
We're not talking about the whole  we're not going into AP chemistry here.
We're talking about Chem 11, okay?
So let's just keep it at that.
I think that's when I was learning
the periodic table and all the
elements and the oxygen
and the O2 and carbon monoxide.
Yeah, and how they bond and all that type of stuff.
I still don't get it. I just know that there's a periodic
table.
What else do you guys want to ask him?
I want to ask,
one guy you've been in a division with for the last
couple years, and you guys had an incident about nine years ago,
and you probably didn't think you were going to see each other much
the next few years, but again, last three or four years,
you've been in the same division.
Ryan Miller, the Ducks goalie.
Have you guys had any interactions in the last three seasons?
Good question.
Never.
Never.
Never.
Never.
Next question.
Okay.
No problem.
I know you play with a shitload of future Hall of Famers.
Where does Conor McDavid slot in on that list?
Well, he'll definitely be a Hall of Famer, that's for sure.
I still talk to him.
We will message a bunch.
I still talk to him.
We will message a bunch.
You know, he was, he was, I was there his first three years of being a captain.
So obviously we had a lot of conversations on the hockey side. And then, you know, we, you know, we went out to dinner all the time when we were on the road and stuff like that.
And, you know, I kind of showed him all the good spots to go to
in certain cities showed him all the places i like to eat and all that type of stuff and how to how
to treat yourself and you know uh all that type of stuff and and you know how to dress how to look
presentable all that type of stuff i'll take credit i'll take some credit for that uh no but
you know what it's it's it's awesome you know i i obviously because i'm in alberta in the
same province when we're not playing they're playing you know whenever i get a chance and
i'm not watching a disney disney movie or or whatever i'll tune into the oilers just because
you know he's an exciting player to watch and you know even though I call him a good friend I I'm a fan of
the game and I'm a fan of his and I enjoy seeing him out there and because you know he can change
the game on a on a shift to shift basis you know because all of a sudden the game's going one way
for the other team and then he jumps on the ice and he gets the puck you know wheeling through his
own hash marks getting getting a D pass,
and all of a sudden, boom, he's going down the other way,
dancing, you know, three guys and then going around the goalie
and putting it in like he did kind of in Toronto there.
But, yeah, you know, he's definitely, I would say he's definitely
the best player that I've ever seen play hockey.
It was a pleasure that I got to play with him for three years.
He doesn't seem like a very vocal guy, just leads by example.
He probably doesn't snap very much in the locker room,
even when the boys are lagging a little bit.
Not much.
I think because maybe, like you said, he's more of a lead by example type
of guy and he's more of a you know he he does he does the right things he he he takes care of
himself really well you know he works out a lot he's he's into uh nutrition, when he practices, he practices hard, which is great to see.
But, yeah, he's not coming in.
Any weird superstitions?
Does he have any weird superstitions that he does?
What are you doing, you weirdo?
Oh, man, he's got so many.
I don't even know.
I think he's still wearing the same game socks that he wore in junior
because he's got like a hole in them.
So he's like superstitious about all that type of stuff.
Doesn't give a shit about his laces either, does he?
His laces are sloppy.
Hey, you know when you would get a hole right in the middle of your blade?
You know how that way you look at it and it would drive you crazy?
You'd have to either re-tape it on the bench or grab a new stick.
Drive me insane. I didn't give a shit. Yeah, because, biz, you never got to either re-tape it on the bench or grab a new stick. Drive me insane.
I'd immediately...
You never got any marks on your stick.
This guy
would have the biggest chunk taken
out of his blade
and he would literally just leave
it there and then he'd go score three goals.
I'd be looking at him going,
is this fucking guy kidding me?
I love that guy.
There's the prime example of a guy who it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter what sticky he is.
I'll tell you why.
It's probably a superstition.
I was the same way.
I didn't change my tape because I felt when I just left it,
I would play better.
And the team would usually win.
It was a superstitious thing.
So maybe that's one of his superstitions.
That's a good way to think about it as well.
I never thought about it that way.
Well, hey, Looch, we've taken enough of your time.
We hope you, you know, you stay safe.
Hey, can I add one more thing?
Yes, you may.
Can I add one more thing?
We would love that.
Do whatever you want, dude.
Just don't beat me up.
Before you guys kick me off here,
the last game we were supposed to play was last Thursday
against the Islanders, and I got to see my boy, Johnny Boychuck.
And just want to let everyone know, he came over for dinner,
and I saw him after his scary incident where he took the skate
in the eyebrow and got 90 stitches.
And I got to say, whatever surgeon did what he did to him,
he did an unbelievable job.
Johnny's doing great.
He can see.
You know, it was awesome.
And Johnny, as I'm sure a lot of Bruins fans know,
he's one of, if not my best friend, that I've ever played with.
And so, obviously, when I saw the incident, my heart dropped,
and I messaged him right away,
and I got a message back about a minute later saying Jack Sparrow.
So that's the type of guy Johnny is.
Like a guy just took a skate in the eyelid,
and he messaged me back, Jack Sparrow.
So I was just like, oh, fuck.
Johnny's doing okay.
But, no, he was good.
And he came over.
He hung out.
He had dinner.
We had some wine.
And we just shot the shit.
And you know what?
The surgeon that did the job truly did an unbelievable job.
And it's great to see my buddy, who is a true animal of the game,
be healthy from a scary incident from that.
So it was really great to see him.
And that was the last hockey guy I guess I got to see before all this stuff,
since we had been put into quarantine, I guess.
I'm so mad I forgot to ask about that
because I can't imagine how scared you would have been too
if you didn't get a response right away
because it looked that bad.
So thank God he got back to you right away
and didn't lose his sense of humor, obviously.
But thank you so much for joining the show too, Looch.
It was great catching up with you.
Hey, thanks for having me, guys.
And we're going to get through this
and I can't wait to get back
on the ice for the fans
and to see you right here in Calgary.
Love you, buddy. Absolutely, buddy.
Take care.
Huge thanks once again to our pal Milan
Loochich for jumping on and joining us for, I think,
second, third time. Either way, he's a
recurring car guest, so
big thanks to Looch. Always enjoy his company.
Hey, boys, I'm guessing many of you out there are looking for some new essentials
after being cooped up for a bit.
Well, you can look no further than Mack Weldon.
Mack Weldon believes in smart design, premium fabrics, and simple shopping.
They will be the most comfortable underwear, socks, shirts, undershirts,
hoodies, and sweatpants, and more that you will ever wear,
and they want you to be comfortable.
So if you don't like your first pair of underwear, you can keep it and they will still
refund you, no questions asked. Mack Weldon really does value its loyal customers. That's why they've
created the Weldon Blue Loyalty Program, and here's how it works. You create an account, it's
totally free. For level one, you place an order for any amount and never pay for shipping again.
For level two, once you purchase 200 worth of products from Mack Weldon,
not only will you continue to get free shipping,
but you will also start saving 20 on every order you make for the next year.
Level two also grants you access to new products before they are released to
anyone else, as well as free gifts added to future orders.
But you can start saving right away.
For 20 off your first order,
visit MackWeldon.com slash chicklets
and enter the promo code chicklets.
That's M-A-C-K-W-E-L-D-O-N dot com slash chicklets.
Enter the promo code chicklets.
Hey, Biz, I think you said you finally got caught up
on the last dance, right?
MJ, Jordan, Bulls, all that stuff?
Yeah, I did.
And I actually talked to Whit the other day on the phone about it just
because i was so fired up about it um i believe mj's comments where he thinks that after it's
all done that people are going to hate him more in fact i like him more after what i've seen i feel
like the media kind of portrayed him as is kind of a dickhead behind the scenes now the worst
things i've heard about him is the gambling thing
and maybe that he's a bad tipper, right?
Well, the other major thing was the political thing,
but I thought he explained it perfectly in there where he's like,
he didn't see himself as an advocate, and nor was he comfortable in that role,
so he didn't feel like he should be pressured into making a political decision
when he's speaking out of pocket. And to be quite frank, we've seen that recently with some basketball
stars and it hasn't worked out so fucking well for him now, has it? I don't know. I don't know
enough about politics to speak publicly about them. I talk to other people to see where I'm at.
I might have different views where I'm like, I'm trying to hedge out what's accurate and,
have different views where I'm like, I'm trying to hedge out what's accurate and, and think ultimately I end up on the right side of things. Now, the other aspect of it, and he would walk
out of his hotel room or wherever he was, and he couldn't just be himself. He had constantly
people begging and asking him for things nonstop. They wanted his attention. They wanted his
autograph. They wanted this. They wanted that. do you know how exhausting as a human being that would be when all you want to do is is put all
your time and energy into doing what your actual job is and that's bringing championships to the
sporting team that drafted you and now is paying you and he did that like to the best of his ability
and his one escape to get away from all that chaos was to go on the golf course
and gamble some money.
And then he had to hear about that for a full year.
And they basically tore the love of the game away from a guy who was its
greatest gift because he was going on playing golf and gambling like whoopty
fucking shit.
Think about the amount of responsibility and a human being of that magnitude in
the grand scheme of things. I think he hit it out of the park, man.
If that's the worst, you can come up with the guy.
And I'm glad that this whole thing came to light because I'm an even bigger fan now,
and I was a massive fan before.
Biz, the ability that he had to do all that, the clip you're talking about when he left
his room and every single second he's not on the corridor in his room. It's just like nonstop craziness.
The ability to continue to go out and be the best player.
I mean, Sid's hockey's version where every single place he goes, there's people waiting and asking to meet him in pictures.
And to continually perform and dealing with all that side stuff just shows how incredible these guys are.
Now, the gambling thing,
first, his interview with the sunglasses on
is just one of the most incredible things I've ever seen.
Iconic.
He literally, even his best friend, Ahmad Rashad,
shout out to Ahmad Rashad, by the way,
his best men in his wedding were Bill Cosby and OJ Simpson.
Talk about hanging out with a good crew.
Holy shit, Ahmad.
So he said, though, he's Jordan's good buddy.
And he's like, yeah, it didn't help.
He had sunglasses on.
But his point in that interview with the other one of like, hey,
I'm not losing any amount of money that i can't lose shut up it's my money
well relative who you chirping me to gamble if and he's and he's like uh nobody's starving in
my house and it's just like biz you're right they did drive him away the the not getting into
politics thing people people don't people say they don't like him for that some people don't
People say they don't like him for that.
Some people don't.
Why does everyone want to hear athletes' opinions on politics?
What makes them, unless they know what they're talking about,
why are you so interested in what random person that happens to be unbelievable at basketball or baseball or hockey care about politics?
Well, then you've got to go to the quote right that everyone got all
fuzzled about he said republicans buy buy sneakers too which was set on the bus as a joke okay maybe
it was an offensive joke if if i'm jordan i would have i probably would have spoke out on on the guy
running against uh who he ended up donating to but he didn't want to speak out. I'm not going to fucking hammer him for that.
And he donated to the other guy's campaign, correct, R.A.?
I don't know the gentleman's name.
I'm not sure.
It was a smaller race, so I forget off the top of my head.
But, yeah, the criticism of Jordan,
and I think it might have been more from the black community,
was that he wasn't taking advantage of the pulpit he had.
But it's not a requirement of the job. Ali did it. Other athletes did it. It just wasn't Jordan advantage of the pulpit he had you know but it's not a requirement of the
job you know Ali did it other athletes did it it just wasn't Jordan what he wanted to do his
social issues weren't his domain and yeah he you could you could say he well he could have did this
but it wasn't how he's wide it wasn't how he's built he didn't want to do it and he didn't do
it I don't think that makes him less of a man or it's a it's a character defect by any stretch
yeah to hate to hate him for that it just
seems so extreme because he doesn't owe anyone anything i know that sounds crazy but and there's
people who would take advantage of their role and he gave us enough hey but he doesn't he doesn't
owe and everything he has he's earned he built that he built his brand he He's deserving of everything he has.
So to really despise a guy like some people seem to,
for just deciding that he was going to be the best that he could
at what he did and not step into social issues seems a little crazy to me.
Then it goes to the side of was he a good teammate.
He was so intense.
Right.
There's still some time left here, and know the steve kerr fights coming when you put that much pressure on yourself to win and
you're that big of a sick puppy in order to win usually you hear some stories about guys who are
being assholes but ultimately it's on the business side of the fact that they're trying to win
and that comes and stems from all the pressure that they face in order to do so
kobe was not known as like the nicest guy either who are the other greats isaiah thomas is another
great he wasn't very well liked how about mary bird was a bitch to play against i i would say
that the the people who were able to do their job to the ability of what like MJ status
and like even Crosby and to live and have such a clean image,
it is fucking exhausting.
Take it as a blessing from God that you were given not only someone that is
gifted that well in their, in their sport,
but that gifted as being a good human.
And just I don't think everyone should be held to those types of standards
where some people, they're like, I'm not educating this.
I'm not going to speak on it.
I don't think it's part of the job requirement, as R.A. mentioned.
And if you were real quiet during the documentary, Biz, if you listened,
you could hear the screaming coming from the Adidas company when that part
where Jordan said he wanted to be an Adidas guy,
but they just didn't have, I don't know, the sneaker, the technology,
or whatever it was.
They couldn't put the package together for him.
Hey, I will say this, though.
The documentary is entertaining.
Every two hours, I really enjoy it all.
But the guy, Ken Burns, who's, I don't know,
some people seem to really not be able to stand this guy.
I've seen him getting chirped everywhere, but he came out and said,
it's Jordan's production team that's doing this whole thing.
That's not really a documentary.
Think about it, right?
There's some things that are not going to be put in,
whereas if an outside source was doing this independently,
that's when you're going to probably see some things that really change your opinion.
I wasn't aware of that before my comments.
Now, is there anything else that might have been left out that he's been hammered on for?
There's a few things that he's been hammered on for online that have been debunked,
one of which the fact that he was invested in private prisons,
which I don't believe to be true.
And there was one other thing.
Oh, the fact that his gambling debts is why his father was murdered, which is another one that was a fucking lie.
And that's pretty fucking gross.
I didn't want to go.
Sorry, go ahead, Biz.
I didn't mean to cut you.
Go ahead.
No, it's just like the fact that we have to even mention that.
And that is one of the, like, these are a few of the rumors that circulate about people of this magnitude,
that's pretty gross.
And no wonder he wants nothing to do with the outside world,
and all he wants to do is go golf and stay in his own lane.
Yeah, I don't even like to bring that up because it almost validates it in a way.
I think it's very simple.
Like I said before, the NBA, if they heard about his gambling they there's no logical scenario where oh jordan owes this money
to a casino or a bookie or whatever and the nba is going to come in and make him take the suspension
it just that defies logic but then like the his father died you know what his father was murdered
by two fucking trash bags in north carolina and he was in grief he was in mourning and i think he
needed to get away from the game and go on
and play baseball with something.
You probably always want to do that.
Unique set of circumstances gave him the opportunity to do that.
But people like to say,
fucking he owed money for gambling and there's no connection between those two
pieces of trash who killed his father and anything to do with gambling on the
world.
It was a stupid robbery gone wrong.
I hate even like feeding that fucking thing.
People might even be mad that we brought that up.
Not to mention, though,
it all sets up perfectly,
Ari, what you're saying, because he was so
sick of the league at that point.
That was when he was already saying, I'm getting
so sick and tired of this.
All those things led into it making
sense that there probably was a break.
Like you guys said,
people say that it's definitely true.
How do you know?
Oh, no, it is.
It is.
How do you know?
No, it definitely is, though.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, would that not have come out by now?
Yeah, there would have been some sort of connective tissue or something.
But like I said, it never made sense as far as the gambling perspective.
I just find it odd that sports fans think that they should be able to have a
say in how somebody acts in their personal life.
It's like, that is like,
you're way off side if you have that much saying and their job is to show up.
It's set a good example in the community and which I mean,
to a certain degree, obviously, certain degree obviously you can't have a
guy getting arrested all the time but that and to perform and that's that's all the job requirement
tells you you have to do that that's right we do have to mention um his cop buddy his name was john
michael wozniak the guy who had the robin young here through his personal security guy remember
he was playing quarters with them and the guy gives him the Jordan shrug.
He gives him, well, there was a great article.
That guy was his private security for like 20 years.
That guy was a Chicago narcotics cop
and he also worked at the United Center,
you know, helping out for security.
And he parked Jordan's car
when Jordan was like relatively new in the league.
And he backed up and he smashed his windshield by accident.
He didn't know there was a tire in the back.
And he's like, oh, man, I'm so sorry, Mike.
I backed up.
I got a new one at home.
I'm not thinking straight.
And Jordan was so appreciative of his honesty.
He's like, all right.
And he always called for that guy afterwards.
So he always used that guy going forward.
He ended up, he paid him until the day he died.
The guy died like a year ago.
No way.
I mean, and those are the stories you hear. Like this guy's an awesome guy. He takes up, he paid him till the day he died. The guy died like a year ago. No way. I mean, no. And those are the stories you hear like this guy's an awesome guy. He takes
care of his people. All right, boys. Well, moving right along. We just want to mention our friends
over at DHM Detox. They've launched an awesome COVID give back initiative. Right now they're
donating 50 of profits from your order to purchase meals for single parent families that have been
impacted by the pandemic. There are lots of parents who have lost their jobs and can't afford food for
their family. So they're teaming up with the community to help. Here's how it works. For every
10 pack box purchased, they will be donating up to three meals to families in need, depending on
the discount you choose. You can choose codes biz 30 for 30 off or biz 20 for 20 off or no discount
code to donate the most amount of meals. The full details are on the website, dhmdetox.com,
and everything will be documented on the Instagram, at dhmdetox.
For those of you that don't know,
DHM Detox is a vitamin for people who like to drink alcohol.
If you hate crippling hangovers or just like to enjoy a few drinks here and there,
DHM Detox is your go-to drinking buddy their company is built on the words no days wasted and the products help
the product helps boost your body's natural response to alcohol so you can be yourself the
next day just take a couple capsules while you're drinking and it goes to work it's time to start
taking care of your body when you enjoy alcohol so check it out if you're hitting the zoom happy
hour calls or having a few pops
at the end of the day, now is your chance to get the product at a discount
and also donate meals to those impacted by coronavirus.
It's a win-win.
Just go to dhmdetox.com to get up to 30 off your order
and help a great cause at the same time.
And what was it, G?
You still got, what was it, Chicklets Cup?
When's the next one coming up to remind our listeners?
It's Friday guys.
Friday's the next Chicklets Cup game two.
It will be Jordan.
It will be Vincent Trocek against Nasher,
who is probably the biggest streamer NHL stream on the planet.
So that should be a fun one.
We're going to do a little pink Whitney power hour after.
So be sure to tune in Michael Delzotto again on Friday.
We'll be on our Instagram live starting around 9 PM.
So tune into that.
And we're just going to keep pumping out that content.
All right, gang.
Well, as we know, we did announce last show.
This is going to be the last episode this week.
We're going down to one a week.
So we won't see you again until the following Thursday.
Thanks for your patience and understanding.
We, we do appreciate it very much.
Everybody's been pretty cool about it.
So we'll see you in a week.
Everybody have a great weekend.
And take care.
Peace.
As always, we'd like to give a big thanks to our Dynamite sponsors.
Big thanks to everyone at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thank you to everybody at DoorDash for feeding us while we're cooped up here.
Big thanks to Bud Light for taking care of the East Coast Hockey League players.
And a big thanks to everyone at Mack Weldon for the super comfortable underwear.
Thanks, everybody. Have a great weekend, and we'll see you next week.
It's such a sweet It's such a good
It's such a sweet
