Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Good golly, Miss... sports a little over two months but whatever we're grinding through and we're officially once a week right now so let's check in with the boys man it feels like one week it feels like a month I feel like I haven't talked to you guys forever producer Mikey Grinelli what's going on
guy yeah you're speaking of grinding through I was cleaning out my closet today and what do I find
boys Ryan Whitney game you stick what Ryan Whitney You gave it to me the second time we recorded together.
You came in and said, hey, Corneli, here's a stick.
Like, here you go, buddy.
Did I really?
So now I keep it right next to one of the first bottles of Pink Whitney ever created.
And my little Ryan Whitney shrine, I keep in my room.
Is it, was it a used one or a brand new uncut?
Oh, no.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
It's game used.
Okay.
It's got the Lindstrom sandpaper finish.
Oh, that sandpaper finish.
No lube, it says.
Next up is the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
How you been, brother?
It's been only a week, but it feels a hell of a lot longer, like I just said.
It really does.
It really does.
You know, time's flying by right now. right now. These days don't go by slow.
But it is nice to talk to you guys. It does feel like we have a lot of things to catch up on and
thrilled to be here. Excited to get going because I will say right now, once a week feels perfect.
Yeah.
It was like, yeah, we haven't caught up in a little bit, but we were reaching. So we said
that, but I'm looking forward to it.
How are you doing, Biz?
Nice little mental break.
I actually went up to Sedona this weekend, went on a nice hike with the old lady.
Just domesticated now, and it feels great.
Got that nice mental escape.
We're doing one of those things you put in the house, essential oils.
Boys, I am all grown up now.
You're probably as healthy as you've ever been right now.
Yeah.
Eating well, hydrating, off the sauce, still smoking a little bit of weed.
Not before the podcast, so the last couple episodes I've been laying off the dope.
Any microdosing?
A little bit, yeah.
Okay.
I like that.
I like that.
That a boy.
I haven't been drinking much.
I have a couple beers here and there.
Not by design, just the way it is now, but man, I got to lay off the fucking ice cream
because I'm not getting out for my box like I used to pre-quarantine.
I did.
I did.
You said this.
This is your second time, so I want to know.
That means you've stepped on a scale.
How many have you put on?
I haven't, dude.
I mean, you could...
Actually, my face, usually you can see.
Maybe the beer's hiding it because I get...
Usually, especially with the headphones, hat, and glasses,
then my face looks even fatter. Your face does not look fatter.
Alright, well, I'm feeling it a little bit.
Yeah. Going to the ice cream
subject, I'm like every
night at least half a tub of Talente.
And I know they say no free ads, but that
fucking ice cream. I think it's considered
maybe gelato Talente.
Is it healthy stuff? You get the no
dairy? I don't know if it's necessarily healthy, but I don't eat much dairy, if at all.
But the ice cream just gets me every time.
Now, speaking of sweets, very cool.
I didn't know this was happening.
We got surprised by it, at least on my end.
The Fudge Kid versus Ryan Whitney on Nantucket.
That story has been released on our YouTube channel
as part of this new animation thing.
Grinnell, I'll let you take it over from here,
but well done by anyone at Barstool who did do that
and, of course, the incredible story of Witt
against that 10-year-old who bent them over.
Now, Mikey, sorry to interrupt you here or speak ahead.
No, you're not.
You want to get right after Fudge Kid.
No, I'm not going after Fudge Kid.
Let bygones be bygones.
That's a term I've heard before,
but I'm more going to say I've seen comments
that have never been more true
that we need to get a list of things
we want to see as a cartoon.
And all right, I got a bunch.
I'm sorry.
Speak. I can tell you need to talk. So first off shout out to katherine mooney who created the whole thing she's unbelievably talented at
barstool sports but today i spent the entire day going through old episodes looking for clips
and holy shit do we have some stories that that you guys probably don't even remember and i want
them to be a surprise so i'm
not going to say them all now but first off brendan brendan walsh might be the best storyteller i've
ever heard in my entire we just might animate all of this podcast the whole entire thing so we'll
start dropping those once a month and it will come out like the first monday of every month
we'll have a tight schedule but they're going to be a ton of stories coming if we don't get a
brendan walsh story of story of Brophy throwing a cup of coffee
in the rink attendant's face, I'm going to be pissed.
Okay?
So that's probably at the top of my list right now.
But fans, any of you can chime in and shoot a Twitter DM
or an Instagram DM to Grinnell or even, I guess, on the mainframe
and let us know what you'd like to see animated.
We'd appreciate that.
Also, G, I've got to throw it over to you.
Who do we have coming up on the YouTube channel?
I know we just dropped Cam Jansen, Pat Maroon as part of the Bud Light Seltzer.
And who else we got?
And then we're recording here on Wednesday night where we dropped Adrian O'Coin.
And then on Saturday, we're dropping Brandon Yip.
So two really good interviews that were really fun to do.
And again, for the Chicklets Cup, which will also be on YouTube as well,
we have Pete Blackburn and John Carlson coming up this Friday.
So that's a big matchup as well.
Speaking quickly before we move on, Yipper mentioned to me, Biz,
there's like rumors.
Now granted, who knows how true it is that if they can't play in China,
Now, granted, who knows how true it is that if they can't play, you know, in China,
I think Kunlun Red Star, the cities they're throwing out are Milan, Prague, or London, I think.
It's like, oh, boy, that could turn out pretty, pretty good, as Larry David would say.
That would be incredible.
Josh Hennessy is another guy we dropped on YouTube as well. So that's growing, guys.
And I know we're down to one episode a week,
and I'll throw it over to you now, R.A.,
but if you guys are missing the content, head over there.
Maybe check out some old stuff,
and we'll have some different clips from the Chicklets Cup as well.
Maybe she can make a cartoon of me getting bit by a boa constrictor, Biz.
A lot of people are curious how that happened.
We kind of skimmed over that.
People are like, how did you just skim over that story? Well, let's get into it. Cause I had it in my notes. It was, uh,
it was, I told you, I had a weird affinity for snakes as a kid. I used to get books about them
and shit. And my cousin always had a boa growing up and it was pretty tame. So I was used to
handling them. I knew how to handle them and shit. Uh, one of my buddies graduated college,
fast forward. He had, he had a boa in his room. It was pretty feisty. It was, boas are usually
pretty chill. This one would snap at the cage and shit which was kind of rare but after my buddy
graduated i took him in because he had nowhere to go i brought him well i thought i was going to
bring him home for the summer my father's like you know where you're bringing that fucking thing
in this house so i brought him to my cousins with his boa so i put them together now when you feed
him you have to separate them because they're still like little dinosaur brains so i separated
them fed my snake and the motherfucker must have still been hungry.
I didn't know.
I went to go take him out, and he must have smelt something off my hand.
He bit my finger.
Now, I was hunched over, leaning on like a coffee table, and I looked like sat in my feet.
My arm shot up in the air, and he was latched onto his.
He didn't come off my finger until I was basically pointing skyward,
and then he went ass over teak hell
across through him. My cousin's dog
comes running in, a little, like, poodle.
It was like, I'm worried the snake's gonna get the poodle
now. I'm shitting my pants, man. It's like, what's going on?
I'm like, the fucking snake bit me. He's loose.
Then you're losing your mind, because you're fucking
it scares the shit out of you. Oh, for sure.
I grabbed the damp towel, and I threw the damp towel
on him. So then, you know, he wasn't really, like, four feet long.
It wasn't, like, a monster snake. But the damp towel, like threw the damp towel on him. So, you know, he was only like four feet long. It wasn't like a monster snake.
But the damp towel, like, immobilized him.
And I grabbed him up by the head, got him back in the cage.
I called, like, a local pet store.
I'm like, hi, I have a snake.
I can't use him anymore.
You guys want him?
They're like, sure, we'll take him.
I was like, get this fucking demon seed away from me.
Unbelievable.
And just a little fun fact.
I don't think that bull restrictors, usually strangle their their prey correct constrictors
yes they're from the constrictor family they do they strangle their prey then eat it like pythons
and anacondas and i was wrong i referred to pit vipers as a different species than a rattlesnake
but a rattlesnake actually is a pit viper as was pointed out to me on twitter which i don't mind
being corrected when i get things wrong like that so uh this're pretty poisonous, but apparently not anywhere near the most poisonous snake
on the planet, Biz Rattlesnake.
Well, and the fun fact I was going to say is I believe that they can process in their
brains that they won't strangle you if they know that they can't swallow you.
So if you're bigger than what they can consume, they probably ain't going to strangle you.
So looking forward to the people telling me I'm wrong on social media about that one.
But for now, it's a nice little fun fact.
Well, I'll tell you, get ready to see there's a famous picture from the Everglades
because everybody started dumping their pythons in the Everglades
and it threw off the ecosystem because snakes don't stop growing.
So when they get too big, you can't keep them.
So people let them go and they started eating all the animals in there.
And there's a famous picture of a snake who attacked an alligator,
but it was so big the alligator burst through the snake,
and someone finds them both dead.
The fucking snake wrapped around the alligator.
I mean, the alligator's shooting out of the snake's body.
It's fucking crazy shit, man.
Fucking nature, man.
You got any outdoor stories, Whit?
You getting attacked by gators on the golf course or no?
He got a mosquito bite in 87.
I hate the outdoors
actually i'll give you a quick outdoor story uh i think three years ago i might have told this on
the podcast i uh on the 13th hole at old sandwich golf club uh par five i hit that ball tried to go
for it and two i'm pin high to the right in a bunch of like flowers not a good spot but i murdered
the second shot let me tell you.
And I'm looking at like how I'm going to chip this over the bunker, out of like the woods area.
All of a sudden, dude, I'm like, oh, oh, oh.
I'm running.
I stepped on a wasp's nest.
Wasp's nest?
Dude, 19.
Bink.
19 times we counted.
On my head, my face, my neck, my hands.
It was fucking insane, dude.
I was like, oh, I was going into shock.
I had like 18 Benadryl.
I didn't know what was going on.
No joke.
My hands were numb.
My head was throbbing.
I was basically panicked.
And I played the last five holes in even par and won like i'll tell you it was insane
it was insane summer 2018 it was bizarro world but yeah that was that was my outdoor story that
might be the greatest athletic feat of all time that might surpass jordan's six championships
right there and that night i was i had ice all over me and I played the next day too. I played like shit,
but I was like, you know, you know, when you break, you break something or you block a shot,
it's killing you, but you get through that game because you got the adrenaline, you got the
passion and you got the fierce competitive nature, the Jordan-like competitive nature to help your
team win. But the next day you're done. That me the next day with with the wasps things but
we'll have the guys i played with on the podcast sometimes it was they'll tell you it was one of
the most incredible things they've ever seen very impressive with that's that's essentially your flu
game so so very impressive all right what else you got uh well there's the story i think everybody's
been waiting for uh this one broke just after we stopped recording last week's episode uh there
were whispers online but it wasn't really anything official until after we had recorded. So that's why we're getting to it
now. Brendan Leipzig, formerly of the Washington Capitals, and a group of his pals, I guess they're
from Winnipeg, they had a group of private messages on an Instagram chat that suddenly
appeared online. I don't know if they were leaked, hacked, whatever the situation was,
they ended up online.
They were very bad.
They were ugly.
Certainly not any shit that we condone here.
You know, guys are guys.
They talk about, you know, drinking and girls and partying.
But these were on a different level.
They were very insulting to the women they were talking about, especially players' wives.
That stuff, players' wives, girlfriends, even friends' wives and girlfriends is normally stuff off limits to just a normal guy. So it was pretty ugly. And the league had a pretty harsh statement quote,
there is no place in our league for such statements, attitudes, and behavior, no matter
the forum, we will address this inexcusable conduct with the clubs and the players involved.
Again, they said those words, no matter the forum. So this isn't something they're going to condone in
private conversations or wherever. If you say this this stuff the NHL doesn't want it the Capitals later placed him on waivers for the
purpose of terminating his contract which is a long way of saying they fired him it's his fifth
team in his last four NHL seasons it's ugly like I said this isn't anything we condone this is
a different level of just the boys being the boys nothing uh we certainly get
behind biz you know you played in the league i know you have a different perspective here than i
do well i just it's unfortunate that we have to open up an old wound given it happened a week ago
and there's victims involved um of course the the player spouses and wives are and and just the
nature of what was being said uh everyone's going to have
their thoughts on the fact that it was a private conversation um given the nature of some of the
things that were said in there that that's not going to be the focus of conversation um you know
as a league and as a society i think we're trying to improve and head in a different direction
and and make everything more inclusive and and be less hard on people and be more kind.
You know, this is, it's unfortunate because a lot of these kids' lives are probably,
you know, going to be ruined, at least for the foreseeable future. And they're going to learn
the hard way as to the consequences of saying these types of things. So, you know, it's very
unfortunate. You guys know me, I'm a firm
believer in second chances, but that's going to come with a lot of work and definitely some
apologies along the way. So as I said at the beginning, though, more of the focus should be
on the people who were the victims in this case and some of the things that were said in those
messages. So it sucks and it's just shame it's it sucks and and it's it's just
shame that we have to cover this um but let's just uh you know as as a whole let's just be better
well said by both you guys um all right i think you said like boys will be boys the saying where
you know you text with buddies and and and things are said and i think i met a lot of people out
there probably have said things they wouldn't want to be made public.
But, man, none of it.
Like, your teammate's wife just gives birth and you're talking about what she looks like?
Are you fucking kidding me?
That's beyond, you know, like chirping someone.
It was some shitty stuff.
And as terrible as I feel for these kids having their livelihoods taken from them,
I don't feel nearly as terrible for them as I do for the women
who had things said about them, the victims in this.
So these guys take a little bit of time away.
Biz, you said second chances are a real thing.
I believe in that.
Take a little bit of time and reflect on what all has happened here.
Well said, Whit.
And, you know, I know I'm not speaking from like an ivory tower here.
I was a young guy once too, and, you know,
it was before my time with texting came afterwards.
I'm not speaking from a place of moral authority.
It's just like I said, I read the stuff, and it was like, wow,
this stuff is on a different level.
One other note we should pass along, he is a restricted free agent this summer.
I know in the past GMs have brought in guys who've probably done worse things than this,
but that was then and this is now.
I'd be surprised if an NHL GM thinks the juice is worth the squeeze here.
I'd be shocked if we see this kid in the NHL whenever the season picks up.
Well, it won't be this season, but next season.
All right, and moving along, I know, Whit, you had a little video or something going on with kevin hayes you wanted to bring up to the to the
crew yep i i saw a tweet that we put out of kevin hayes dangling through an entire team as a nine
year old uh the only issue in that being he was wearing number 99 so i never played against anyone
who wore the the the great ones number uh so him, listen, you're coming on the podcast.
You're explaining yourself because there may be many people that agree with you
that it's cool to wear number 99, but I think it's bullshit.
So we're calling him now.
What a treat this is.
Unfortunately for him, it could get ugly.
But we have one of our best buddies, one of our reoccurring guests,
Kevin Hayes, Broadway's brother, excuse me, The Boat, the best of all time.
He's coming on because a video was released.
Mikey, give me the background of who dropped this tweet or released the video of the big 99 we'll get into.
So we have a fan account run.
It's called Chicklets Clips.
They tweet out a bunch of old clips of uh
you know stories told on the podcast and they do some good digging and they posted a clip a couple
weeks ago of uh well actually on kevin's birthday of kevin just wearing the number 99 jersey just
dangling up and down the ice and uh so i thought why not what better way to uh get this video out
there than share it on the chicklets account, the biggest hockey account out there. Okay, perfect.
So before I ask you to defend yourself, I know you were good.
I mean, people know Kevin Hayes.
He was playing two years off.
He's the best player.
Did anyone even think to tell you you can't wear that number?
Seriously, did anyone say that?
No, I totally disagree with you, honestly.
Every kid growing up wants to go to the NHL and wants to be Wayne Gretzky.
But they don't wear his number.
They get their own number.
I was 10 years old playing in this tournament.
Everyone was 11 and 12.
And at the time, I was really good.
And, like, it never even crossed my mind that
do you know how many  there's so many kids that used to wear 99.
No, there wasn't.
There wasn't a kid in the 83 Metro Boston Hockey League.
I'm telling you.
So Shore Kings, Pee Wee Chips, no one wore 99.
I promise you.
I have the most respect for Wayne Gretzky.
I think that number is  should be retired.
It already is retired.
But when you're younger and
I had no clue I was going to make it to the NHL,
I just wanted to be Wayne Gretzky.
So I did every book report on Wayne Gretzky,
everything I could write about in school
I did on Wayne Gretzky.
So I just figured, we're number 99.
You're fucking 10 years old. It's not a
big deal. Some of the shit being thrown
at me on the
internet is just god people are telling me my parents raised me wrong i never should be allowed
in candler again um i'm a piece of shit for doing skating try to have your skating stride
hasn't changed a bit not not one bit and then someone someone actually just saved my career. Some random guy tweeted at me, you won't be able to do that in the NHL.
And so now I can finally stop trying to do that in the NHL.
Maybe I'll have a breakout year or something because going end-to-end
against 10-year-olds doesn't correlate to the NHL.
And I thought it did.
So thank you to that person who tweeted at me.
This nonsense of a joke, number 99,
trying this in the NHL today would never work.
Thank you, you changed my career.
Okay, going back to the video,
you were playing two years up in that video specifically?
That video, I was one year up.
I was a 92 playing in the 91 brick tournament.
In the mall, right?
In the mall, right.
All those, everywhere.
And I might have even had 99 points on the tournament, to be honest.
I might have wore 81 the game before and then had 18 points the next night.
Would it be safe to say you were one of the best 10-year-olds on the planet
at that time, which would justify you putting on 99?
And a follow-up question to that is, did you at least have the stick to match?
So you might be able to agree, but growing up at that age,
like even the year before, I was nine playing with two years up.
For some reason, I was just really good at that age,
and then I went through, like, a downfall, like, five years later.
But at that time, I would  word got around town
that I was one of the best players on the planet.
I mean, you're older than your  I'm sorry, better than your older brother.
That's pretty rare to be better than your older brother, too.
Oh, suck on that one, Jimmy.
Hey, listen, though.
You  your dad's coming on here at one point.
He's already told me he will.
You were the kid.
You were the one in a billion because there was eight weekends in a summer
and you played in seven tournaments.
Montreal, Toronto, Edmonton, Texas, New Albuquerque, and Jacksonville,
R.A.'s second home.
People who do that 99.9 of the time are probably like hopefully healthy
and not in prison.
But there was even some tournaments where I would go.
So say if I was playing for the Boston Icemen,
I would play for the 91s and the 92s in a different division.
At the same tourney.
So you were just eating up tons of ice.
That's probably why you got so good right there.
Maybe.
Hey, you actually loved it, right?
My social life was not existed until I was like 20.
So did you love it or did you not?
No, I loved it.
11 years old, one summer, traveling around,
you actually not for one second didn't just enjoy it.
I loved it.
I completely loved it.
My dad loved it.
He loved going to the rink.
He was telling me a story when that clip came out and he called me.
And this is just to show the difference between me and my brother.
My brother's the nicest guy in the world.
Whit can attest to that.
Right?
brother my brother's the nicest guy in the world wit can attest to that right so my dad always stood at the end of the rink where our team was scoring so like even in college he bought eight seasons at
one end and then he bought a singular season at the other end so he could just go down by himself
for the second but even when we were younger like jimmy would score six goals and my dad would look at him and be like, hey, cut it out.
You're done.
And then  so then it gets to me.
I score six goals.
He goes, hey, I'm done.
I'm like, no, no, I love scoring goals.
I could have pronounced my Gs.
I love scoring goals.
And I would just  I would get like 10 goals a game.
It was like
How's the reading going?
Not great, but he had seven and three this weekend and
it was a it was a great pete papagino's on the way home yeah we were younger like it was it was
crazy i was playing for like one summer i remember i played for like boston iceman social kings
montreal ice storm new brunswick v reds like i was playing all these teams what happens when the
teams would play against each other?
Well, no, not in the same tournament, but
I would fly to Montreal and play for
the Montreal A's.
You double shift.
You double shift. You play one shift for one team
and then swap jerseys.
It was crazy.
I used to, my dad, I mean, I
loved it. I would play for so many
teams and all of a sudden,
like there was one team that I was on.
At the time, Brendan Gallagher was on the team.
This kid, Matthew Bissonnette, was on the team.
We killed it in the queue, I believe.
Yasan Sisi was on the team.
He was nasty.
Kevin Sunder was like a  was pretty good.
No one knows who any of these people are
no but at the time they were nasty
okay okay so
me and Gallagher played on the same team
I think it was either the Montreal
Ice Storm or
the New Brunswick V Reds
and we played in Boston
and we were having like sleepover parties
like a Hyatt gun basically
yeah I don't know if you were watching our stream and we were having sleepover parties. Like a Hyatt gun, basically.
Yeah, basically.
I don't know if you were watching our stream,
but Keith Yandel hopped on there when Marty Mush was playing the devil.
He told a little story.
Had he told it on the podcast, Mikey,
of when he reffed one of your games
and your father gave him 100?
Make sure he gets a ton of power plays.
You haven't told that story.
You should tell it.
I guess I just ruined it.
No, this is when...
Remember when we were younger, we would
play games at high school.
Some games you'd play at Noble, some games at Milton
County, but you weren't at school yet.
I think we were playing at Noble,
I want to say,
and Keith was reffing.
Keith was probably like six or seven years older than me.
And my dad, I guess, gave him some cash and was like,
hey, this is a potential school he might go to.
Give him some.
What a shady fuck.
And it all worked out.
Keith was like, yeah, no problem. Like, and it all worked out. He was like,
yeah,
no problem.
Like maybe a hundred bucks,
maybe.
Um,
yeah,
we went to,
we went to all ends.
RA can agree with that.
All ends to make sure that things worked out in our favor.
Yeah.
Man,
he got many a ticket off your old man.
He always,
he always took care of his guys.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
The best one is a story I told last time where he gave the Zamboni driver
Bruins tickets to fake like it was
the Zamboni died until I showed up to the game.
He's a fucking beauty.
What else are we going to talk about?
You've been working out like a
buddy, are you going to just keep
working out like this until
next season?
He actually decides working out in golf.
I don't really do too much.
Casey, have you read up on these rules that they might impose
if it does get back going, like full fishbowl, no scrums,
you got to stand 20 feet apart off face-offs, can't cross the red line?
I would love that, to be honest.
That would be right up my game. You don't cross the red line yeah i would love that to be honest i'll be right up my game you don't cross the red line the other way i don't get in scrubs on this on a serious note though you guys were starting
to ramp up play and you guys had some momentum going into the postseason i would imagine you
guys would have clinched a playoff spot do you think you'll be able to get back in the swing
of things with like a couple week training camp'll be able to get back in the swing of things
with like a couple-week training camp and be able to kick it in the high gear?
Yeah, I hope so.
Like, we have a great leadership group there.
I mean, guys that have been there for a while, like Coots, Jake, and G,
like they run a great locker room.
Obviously, new older guys came in this year like myself niskanen braun
uh stewie uh pitlick and like even moose is an older guy there and
like uh it's a fun ship to be honest like there's there's a lot of fun going on um
at the rink and away from the rink and we were really we were really really confident at the rink and away from the rink. And we were really confident at the time.
Like, I would argue we were, I don't know, besides the Bruins,
maybe the hottest team in the league.
And, I mean, I hope that we can  I think we have the right leadership
to be able to get back two-week training camp and kind of get the mojo back.
But the thing that's  I don't know if scary is the right word,
but the thing that sucks is playing in front of no fans is going to be
really, really weird to kind of grasp.
I think that those first few games, when and if it happens
I mean, let's agree on the fact that at some point you're going to play a game
with no fans, whether it's this year or next year it is going to be the most bizarre beginning to a
game because the intensity level i don't even think even if it's coaches may think and players
may think it isn't what what it what it normally is but it really could be but you can't tell
because without the noise and without the passion, it's going to be so bizarre
to actually figure out, like, who's controlling play.
I know it sounds crazy, but it's going to be
No, I agree.
Like, imagine going out for warm-ups.
Hey, how about this one?
They just pumped tunes from the Quebec tournament you played in in 94.
Hey, my first year with the Coyotes, I think we played Atlanta,
like, on a Monday night at home.
We might have had like 200 people in the crowd for warm-ups.
It was pretty gnarly to experience, but now we're a wagon
and one of the most dangerous teams in the West,
so times have changed.
But it's just very difficult to get up.
I mean, I think it's kind of separate the wheat from the chafe
on guys who are real competitive versus guys who aren't as competitive.
Guys will have to manufacture that fucking emotion.
I think the guys who are really good at it will be able to do it.
Look at the meatheads in men's league who get it going.
I think guys in the NHL might be able to.
Hazy, I know we've gone a little long with you,
but I do have to get your take on The Last Dance, this MJ documentary.
I've been floored by it. I think it's tremendous uh any opinion of your own on it i love it uh every
sunday like did you watch all of them the leaked out ones or no no no so you've seen it all no no
i didn't i didn't i i wanted to wait till every sunday watch it. I think it's been unbelievable. That guy was the biggest animal.
And I get people say he's an asshole, but I kind of disagree.
His way of motivating is just making people feel uncomfortable
and getting outside of their comfort zones.
And if he has to do it in a mean deme a mean demeanor then so be it that's how
he does it and like he wins so everyone's gonna respect him and i think a huge thing is even in
the nhl like you don't have to be i'm super tight with a lot of my teammates and i try to
be friends with everyone but like honestly it's it's a job you're not in college or in high school
like you don't have to like the person you're competing with but you have to respect on how
they do it and for him if you don't like what he how he is as a person you still have to respect
what he's done and he's the best player in the game if he's telling you to do something you're
gonna try your hardest to do it and i I think his motivation thing would work with me, I think.
But who knows?
Some people might not be able to handle it.
A couple things I want to bring up.
His comments is of, I wouldn't have asked any of my teammates
to do something I wasn't willing to do.
And I thought that that stuck out the most.
And, yeah, he was pretty ruthless in getting the job done.
But ultimately, if you look at his resume,
he did get the fucking thing done.
And there was one more thing I was going to mention, but I forgot it.
And one more thing about no fans.
I guarantee every guy in the league wears a helmet for warm-ups.
I don't know.
They're going to have 400 cameras on every square inch of the arena.
Oh, that's so true, actually.
There's going to be so many people watching.
Talk about thinking you're going to get away with a suspension with no fans.
You think you can get away with one now?
Say that goodbye.
They're going to have to have someone on the drop button too, man,
because all these swears are going to get picked up
because they're not going to get drowned out by the crowd noise.
I've been saying that for years.
They should do a pay-per-view version, so we might get a lot more swears.
That could be a little bonus as well.
But I think there'll be a lot.
I think every player will be mic'd up just for the experience
because this has never happened before, which is kind of cool.
So nothing new for you and Yans.
Yeah.
Who, by the way, I can squeeze this in now.
I'm working with the NHL because the NHL Fan Choice Awards came out.
And you and him, Ryan Reeves, and who's the other one for San Jose?
Tomas Hertel are up for funniest player.
So pitch yourself here.
Do you have maybe a joke off the top of your head
or anything you want to say to the fans to sway the voting?
What did the nut say to the other nut when he was chasing him?
What?
I'm going to catch you.
All right.
I liked it.
I liked it.
I never heard it either.
Me and the engine tie.
Me and tie.
Dude, can you imagine if you actually go on a run, though,
and win the cup and raise it in front of an empty barn
like me raising the Stanley Cone at Hockey Plus
and hang him over the arena.
Let's not get too far ahead of ourselves.
R.A. will find a way to get in there.
So it'll be R.A. and maybe a few others.
R.A. and Bill Daly.
I'm going to write the manual on social distancing.
Do you have a championship parade if you win?
Yeah, it's just down the hallway right before you know you get to the
ice from your locker room and like i'm also ride the gatorade carts there's it's a 2014 playoff i
heard um and like if we win the cup i'll be like oh yeah i think this is totally fair this is
exactly how it should have went. But like if a
team that's like 16 or below wins or 17 or below, I'm like, oh, this is totally unfair. They don't
deserve it. They shouldn't have won. Let me put it this way. If we get to 2040 and you're retired
and you win the cup this year and you find like, you know, some of these businesses where they'll
pay former athletes pretty good money to sign a bunch of autographs.
And you find out every autograph is 1,500 for a Stanley Cup winner.
You call him up and you want to do business.
And he's like, we're going to pay you 750 autograph.
You're like, I won the cup.
You're like, yeah, but it was the pandemic cup.
It ain't going to be the same dude.
It's,
it's not like,
it's not going to be the same media.
You know why it's not going to be the same hazy.
And I hate to jump in on you.
And probably the way why they're going to keep it the same here is nobody can
boo Bettman.
He's going to hand it over and nobody's going to be booing him.
It won't feel like a real Stanley cup.
It's true.
Zamboni drivers like always hated him.
He's like, well, booing him. It won't feel like a real Stanley Cup. It's true. Zamboni drivers always hated him. Anyway, Hazy,
thanks for jumping on me. I'll tell you,
regardless of how the Bruins do it,
I wouldn't want to play Philly in the first couple rounds.
You guys are stacked. What's his face?
Carter Hart's the real deal. He's got a little
baptism by fire, man. You guys, I wouldn't
want to play. You've got a fucking nice stacked team, but
I'd love to see you in the conference finals, doll.
Me too.
But in the meantime, thanks for joining us.
It's been a pleasure chatting with you.
And I will have to do this again.
Hopefully next time you're actually playing, though.
See you, buddy.
Perfect.
See you, boys.
And, Hazy, maybe we'll get you to hop on when Yanz is playing
Austin Matthews in the Chicklets Cup.
Yeah, I'll hop on.
Let me know.
All right.
We love you.
All right. love you all right
see you boys love you guys take care buddy stay safe as always big thanks to our buddy hazy always
a pleasure to have the kid from dorchester on the show such a nice lad and uh hey boys nascar is back
we're so happy that sports are back the engines are hot and our favorite drivers go clint are
ready to lead the pack back into sports you've seen big cat and spider putting in work on the Go Clint! care heroes 400 sunday may 17th at 3 30 eastern time on fox and be sure to download the nascar
finish line app a free-to-play nascar predictor game that gives fans the chance to win 25 000
every single race so be sure to check that out nice to have some sports back little nascar action
good stuff and we got some other news to tend to this isn't the best news either but the american
hockey league has officially canceled the rest of the 2019 2020 season uh it'll be the first time no call the
cup has been awarded since 1936 when it first started being awarded uh the gate is going to
be a huge concern for the ahl going forward because they do they do not have the tv money
uh coming in in just a few minutes ago greg washinsky my buddy over at espn he reported
quotes from ahl president david andrew, quote, we have a very strong league
in terms of our ownerships, but if their businesses aren't viable, if they have to
play in front of an empty building for six months, some of those teams will likely choose not to play.
So AHL has bigger problems right now than the NHL. He did also note it's a long time away.
Obviously, we want the ahl back
and strong it has gotten strong on his watch andrews whose 26 year tenure ends june 30th
uh believes about a dozen players will get called up to the their nhl team with most skating as
black aces uh reserves for the playoffs in other words the season is an open for everyone in the
ahl but that's a tough tough news you guys i mean sorry, yeah, both you guys played in the AHL. Biz, what's your reaction to Hannah on the season being canceled?
Well, like the same as the ECHL.
You mentioned the Gates, and these guys just don't have the TV money.
So an unbelievable development league.
So I hope they're able to figure things out in order to keep that league afloat
and keep developing these young studs and to star NHL players.
And also moving along, Per-Pierre Lebrun, the NHL had another one of their return to play
committee meetings on Tuesday. Nothing concrete to report, just like to keep people abreast,
let them know we are paying attention to this stuff. They're not even at phase two yet,
which is players meeting in small groups. Bill Dilley, he said he sees us, optimism,
that things are trending in the right direction. But, you know, right now there's nothing to report.
So we're just all kind of waiting for something to happen, but nothing yet.
Gary Bettman did reiterate his league's desire.
I'm sorry, his desire for the league to finish the season.
He said, I believe that if the right time comes in the right circumstances,
based on all the options that we're considering and our ability to execute them, we'll get this season done.
I don't want to sound Pollyannaanna but canceling is too easy a solution that means you stop working
hard to do all the things that we're doing and i ultimately believe that there will be an opportunity
states are reopening cities are reopening and if we do the right things i think we'll be able to
finish the season so i don't know if that's just optimism coming from he's usually not the most
optimistic guy so it is nice to hear that positivity coming out of him.
What do you make of the latest developments,
if you want to call them that?
I'm going to shoot everyone straight here.
Even as one of the co-hosts of this show,
talk to me when there's an official announcement.
Yeah, okay.
Talk to me when there's an official announcement.
We dangled the carrot a little bit last episode,
but I feel like we're
We're being slime balls if we keep doing it
Yeah no I mean I like to keep people
At least let people know we're checking in
And if there are developments that there really aren't
They're just you know these guys do have jobs to do
They have to write stories and
Black and blue balls
Nope get it
Get it
No
Yeah I'll be here all night Blue balls? Nope. Get it? Get it? No.
Yeah.
I'll be here all night.
We got a sign and let people know about Vegas signed a prospect, Jack Dugan.
He was a fifth rounder back in 2017.
This kid led the NCAA in scoring
this season as a sophomore.
10 goals, 42 assists in
34 games. Went in 75
college games. He had 20 goals and 71 assists for 34 games. Went in 75 college games.
He had 20 goals and 71 assists for 91 total points.
This past season, he led the NCAA in points, assists, points per game,
assists per game, power play points, and even strength points.
Damn, this kid sounds like something special, man.
I don't know much about him, but you, G, kid at Providence?
Providence kid plays for Nate Liam so I mean I love
that system they complete like
they're really he always they produce two way
players like a guys that are good on both sides
of the puck so I mean
fuck Scout Grinnell holy
shit Jesus Christ
coming from the clouds last week about
the expansion draft that we just found
out about now you're coming in with the scouting reports.
Fucking Pierre Lebrun, Bob McKenzie collab over here.
Holy fuck.
Tim Burke.
Either way, dude, sounds like he got some sick mitts.
I mean, over a point per game, college.
Although I do remember people around my age may remember the name Peter Sanya.
This dude lit up Colorado College. i believe he was a little older i think he won the hobie baker and and never really made
it so i know it's a different time but um still you got to think it's it's going to be an exciting
future there because i got a question for you guys what do you got biz um who would be considered
the greatest college hockey player of all time?
Paul Correa.
Okay.
But there's many arguments to that because you can go across the country
and you can talk to many different people in that.
Tony Herkus from North Dakota.
I think the guy, I don't know.
Somebody hockey DB him quick while I'm still talking.
Check up Tony Herkus' numbers at North Dakota.
Jim Montgomery, whose senior year at Maine was Korea's freshman year,
I think he had over, like, 300 points.
In one year?
No, just for a career, but four years, dude.
Like, crazy numbers.
I mean, Jack Eichel's freshman year at BU has to be up there.
It was just pure domination night in and night out.
Chris Drury was sick at BU. Brian Gionta was a sick joke made people just sweat with fear he was 5-5 dominating
at BC I mean there's been college hockey's never been better it's like now I know I bring up guys
who maybe like Peter Senya maybe didn't turn out as elite-level NHLers, but it seems like that's happening way less with college, Mikey.
Like, now it's the guys who light it up going to the NHL,
and right away they're playing big roles.
So I love it.
American, thank you.
USA Hockey, coming at you.
Well, most of them are coming out of college
and getting to pick which team they want to go to, for crying out loud.
Like, Jimmy Vesey's fucking holding the court.
Got four teams.
ESPN, SportsCenter, now down to three teams.
I'm like, who the fuck?
This guy hasn't set a foot in the National Hockey League.
He's pigeon-tossing teams.
He's like back to five teams in the mix.
Dude, his father was nasty.
Big Jim, when he played for Merrimack.
Merrimack wasn't even known at the time.
He can't put them on the map.
I mean, he scored 186 points in just over 100 games in college.
He was an absolute sniper.
He was on the Tavares program before he even got to pro where he was just getting PJ'd out, getting free meals at Nobu,
just pretending to be interested in going to all these teams
and, of course, picked the Rangers.
Shocker.
Yeah.
Hey, now he's in Buffalo.
What else we got, R.A.?
50th anniversary of Bobby O's goal was on Sunday.
There was obviously a huge part of league history.
There was a documentary on the NHL Network, 8 o'clock.
Were you able to check it out, Biz, as the non-mass hole on our show?
No.
No?
Okay.
It was good because not only just obviously talking about Bobby O,
but the history of that team, what it meant to the region, how basically every kid in that generation became a hockey player.
Rinks sprouted up all over the place.
It really had a huge factor in hockey history in New England.
I'm sure you saw it, Whit.
I loved it.
Because I didn't really know how much that team took over the city.
That was kind of news to me. Like I knew I'd learned some things that I hadn't been told before,
but the,
the passion that you could see and how much of a hockey town it was and
still is,
um,
those clips of Bobby or,
or it looks like he's,
he's,
they fast forwarded the tape and everyone else is stuck in the,
in the,
in the,
in the,
the normal lifetime because his ability to skate,
then it's just, he is the guy that no matter what error you can argue about, in the normal lifetime because his ability to skate then,
he is the guy that no matter what error,
you can argue about what guys would do in different errors.
But Bobby Orr, any error, dude, the best.
Sounds like you said error instead of era.
I don't know.
I mean, error.
Look at Grinnell.
He's agreeing with me.
I made a ton of errors at first base in Little League.
The ball went through my legs two times a game.
I was so scared of taking one in the chin.
That's what you got to do in baseball when you're fielding grounders.
But, yeah, you made me lose my train of thought, dude.
What was I talking about?
Errors.
Errors.
Bobby Orr, how he would dominate any error.
You dominate any error.
I'll leave it at that.
You guys are the biggest losers.
You interrupted me, Biz, and you caused me to look foolish.
Well, I mean, I think you said errors three times.
Now, since we're talking about grades.
Errors.
We're talking with Hazzy about the last dance and
there was one thing that i forgot to bring up at the on the second part of one of my questions
and it was the fact that what he put his teammates through in order to win and you could see when he
got asked about it and one of the to me one of the greatest sports sit downs ever when he got
emotional when talking about it and he basically said you know if
if you know that was my way of dealing with it and he started crying and i think that there is
maybe a little bit of guilt associated the fact that he was that hard on people and he treated
people the way he did in order to win but you know at least he's got a little bit of guilt about it
in six rings i don't necessarily agree that it's guilt i think i
think it's it's it's emotion coming out when trying to explain all you cared about on this
earth was winning and and it and and when people dog you it's i don't think it's guilt i think it's
trying to trying to let like let people or show people and understand how passionate and how much this
mattered to you because it mattered more to him than 99.9 of the people that have ever walked
this earth that's fair that's a great rebuttal i'm going to retract my statement of saying it
was it was maybe guilt associated to it but yeah there was uh there was some emotions there what
are you laughing about, G?
You're awfully influenced sometimes, Paul.
Well, yeah, I think that was a fair debate,
and he bent me over, sandpaper finish, with his reply.
It was a fantastic reply.
Let's drop.
Hey, boys, did you see the shout-out we got in the Germany magazine,
the German hockey magazine, and the headline was Danka Sid?
I did not see our shout-out in the German hockey magazine, and the headline was Danka Sid? I did not see her shout out in the German hockey magazine, R.A.
Oh, yeah.
I met an Austrian reporter, Thomas, and we keep in touch through our DMs,
and he sent me the link to it in the picture,
and the headline is Danka Sid, which is German for thanks, Sid.
And, you know, it goes in, but obviously I don't speak German,
but, you know, I got a translation.
I'm going to get one and see what it says.
But it was a positive story about us so and i think what to call it the biggest hockey podcast in the world or something in german so that was pretty cool man i i nice
nice to know we're having an impact impact around the planet was it over when the germans bomb pearl
harbor germans forget it he's rolling all. Well, we do have another guest.
I think we should probably send it over to Curtis Patrick right around now.
He was, like I said, a pretty interesting fellow to talk to.
I think you'll find that the same.
And now, without further ado, let's send it over to Curtis Patrick.
Well, our next guest comes from what is often referred to as the royal family of hockey,
with four members included in the Hockey Hall of Fame.
After playing at Penn State, he played in the coast for a few seasons,
had a couple stints in the AHL, finished up his pro career with a season split
between Wichita and Great Britain.
That's a mixed fire.
These days he's a web developer.
Welcome to the Spitting Chicklets podcast, Curtis Patrick.
Thanks, fellas.
That's quite a spin, huh, from fucking beating people up to a web developer.
That's quite a spin, huh?
From fucking beating people up to a web developer.
I used to have a website, actually, that was accidentalnerd.com because it was not the path that I planned on having my life go.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
Last time we were hanging out, we were making absolute banger songs,
dropping them on YouTube as well.
MySpace love ship.
MySpace love ship, for those of you heads
i've been taking a little bit of abuse online and wit was uh what was like i've tried to bring it
up many times and you keep dodging it i i feel like i looked like a cringy asshole on that one
was that was that kind of the role you were going for for me in that one i was i was looking for
pretty much just abs and you were the guy with the abs that's what we needed we needed some lens candy that's all he brought to nothing else it was just abs and those dance moves you saw the
dance moves just like i didn't choreograph those just like move your body and flex and please do
not open your mouth those are the directions of that day's video i did best do you remember
when we videotaped the part by the the water waterfront in Wheeling, it was like 15 degrees and windy.
It was absolutely freezing that day. And I don't remember,
it must've been in February or March.
I think the water levels were up where it was almost coming over the edge
here. I think they ended up having a flood one of those years by the West
Bank arena, arena, excuse me. But okay. A quick question.
You have two S's in your first name at the end of Curtis.
I do. Yeah.
Is that what's the reasoning behind that?
The story goes that my dad's mom, when they had my dad,
so my dad's middle name is Curtis, Glenn Curtis, Patrick.
And apparently he was so hopped up on painkillers or whatever it was at post
birth that she put two ends on Glenn
and two S's on Curtis. So it was supposed to be Glenn Curtis, one N one S, but she filled out the
birth certificate form in whatever state she was in. And now we have a couple extra consonants.
Definitely makes you stand out. That's for sure. I had to double check. That's how he spelled it.
Yeah. And there, there aren't many Curtis's in general.
And then I can't find any with two S's.
There's an airplane that's called the Curtis with two S's.
But that's about all I  I never run into a Curtis with two S's.
Well, let's get into this royal family of hockey.
I mean, let's go down the list.
Is it your great-grandfather or your grandfather who started everything out?
My great-grandfather and his brother started it all out.
And when you say started it all out, what do you
mean by that?
So,
it was Lester and Frank were brothers
and they were up in Canada
and they had a bunch of money from
logging. They were actually loggers with their dad.
So they had, I mean, I think they had
a million or more dollars. They had a ton of money
in those days, early 1900s.
And so they started an actual hockey league.
Lester had played and Frank had played and Lester was really good.
He was one of the best players in Canada.
So they started their own league out in the Pacific coast.
It was called the Pacific coast hockey association.
Yeah.
What part of Canada?
Western.
So they moved out to the Western Canada, start this league,
Vancouver area,
Victoria, Vancouver, Seattle. There was only three teams. And while they were there,
you know, hockey was, there were no forward passes. There was no changing on the fly.
There was no blue line. So they invented all those things. I mean, the things that I just said,
they put numbers on the back of jerseys. They invented the playoff system that other sports
picked up. It was, it's crazy to read their biography and the things that they did for hockey
and then sports in general.
So then how did you not play hockey until you were 11 years old?
That's the question I ask my dad every day.
I mean, I'm jumping ahead a couple generations.
So if they're your great-grandfather, then that's
is that Glenn and Craig's grandfather, correct?
Were they close with them?
That's correct.
Yeah, they were close.
And then my grandfather, so Glenn and Craig's dad, Lynn,
and his brother, Muzz, they were both NHLers.
They played in New York for a long time together,
actually with their dad, Lester, coaching them.
And they won the cup. You know, they won the cup in the, I think it was the late
forties. And then New York had that decade, five decade drought or something like that.
The 1940 ranges that they got teased off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it was my great grandfather
coaching and his two sons were on the team. One of them was a Hall of Fame forward, just a really good
player, and the other one was just an animal.
He was just a savage beast.
He was actually the heavyweight boxing champion of
Canada before he played hockey.
People are going to think you're fucking
with them right now.
You're like the Forrest Gump family of hockey.
Yeah, it sounds
like I'm name-dropping. I'm just trying to
give you a little bit of family tree. No, you you are not name dropping everyone needs to know that we wanted this
story to get out here i'm as interested as anyone because you might have told me before i forget the
whole thing how it went down so when they ever talked about why they invented like forward
passing what made them think of all these rules that still stand still today so from from what i understand and
this is just from kind of what you hear pass yeah you're playing telephone with relatives
right right i'm hearing stories that were told to their dad that was told to their dad
and uh a lot of salt and pepper on this yes could be a little bit of salt and pepper i might add
some too.
But the game wasn't as fun as they wanted it to be.
It wasn't as exciting as they wanted it to be.
So, you know, instead of blowing the whistle so that all these tired guys can get off the ice or, you know, instead of waiting until the puck goes
in the stands and people are playing three-minute shifts and dying out there,
why don't we have them just jump off and have a new guy jump on?
And then if you're only passing backwards, right,
then there's only so much you can do.
You're trying to go one- four and get by everybody so they made those two changes which i think i can't even
imagine playing hockey and not being able to change on the fly i was like a if i got to 40 seconds on
a shift you could tell oh yeah i was half speed you'd have all your crazy hair flying around out
there compared to everyone else yeah i i don't think there is a professional player
who liked getting his helmet knocked off more than Curtis Patrick
and then buzzing around there.
He looked like one of those, like, the dogs that are really hairy,
like Teddy Purcell has, but, like, with way longer hair,
and you're just letting it fly.
When you were growing up,
was it instilled to you to be a bit of a meathead?
Because when we played together, like, you were not not scared you might not win a lot of fights but you would if a big guy came at you
who was a fighter it was eject button yeah it it's funny because like what said earlier i didn't play
hockey till i was 11 but i was definitely brought up to not be scared to I actually have a funny story that I'll tell,
but I don't know if my dad will appreciate me telling it or not.
It's old school.
We don't give a shit around here.
Yeah.
So I was probably  this was pre-hockey.
I think I was 10 years old, and I played all baseball.
I was all baseball all the time.
I was down at the baseball field,
and I would be at the baseball field on a Saturday from 7 a.m. until they stopped playing games to  whether I had games or not, I was down at the baseball field and I would be at the baseball field on a Saturday from, you know, 7 a.m. until they stopped playing games to whether I had games or not, I was just there.
And so my dad was there watching my sister play, I believe. And he's sitting kind of in the
bleachers about 50 yards from where I am. And I'm over on the basketball court just playing kind of
a pickup game. And there are some guys, it's three on three. So I've got my two buddies that I play baseball with. And then these guys have come from, it's kind of a rough game and there are some guys it's three on three so i've got my two buddies that i play baseball with and then these guys have come from it's kind of a rough neighborhood
that i live in where you could be in a good part of town or a bad part of town and let's just it's
kind of from the bad part of town that we're just beating this up like every time someone would get
the ball they would tackle them or push them to the ground a lot of a lot of f-bombs being dropped
by these i mean just kind of not what you normally get at the Little League baseball field.
You weren't pushing back at all when you guys were taking it?
I mean, I was playing hard, but these guys were bigger and they were older,
and I wasn't getting cheap yet.
There wasn't much you could do.
You were getting bullied.
There wasn't a lot I could do.
We were just getting bullied.
And so I look up in the bleachers at my dad, just kind of like what in the world is going on with these guys, dad.
And when I look in the bleachers, he's staring right at me and he's just pounding his fist.
Like, buddy, you got to punch someone in the face right now. He didn't have to say anything. He's
just sitting on the bleachers, pounding his fist, looking right at me. And so the next time a guy
whacked me in the arm or whatever he did,
I just let him have it, dropped him to the ground,
and the three guys are immediately on me.
And then there's my dad pretending like he doesn't know who any of us are.
All right, boys, let's break it up.
Let's break it up.
No fights at the baseball field.
And he's saying it in the afterword?
Oh, he loved it.
And he told me, there are like these five or six stories in my life
that my dad talks about them now, you know, now that they're way past.
And he's like, I was so proud of you that day.
I couldn't tell you how proud I was of you that day,
but I was so proud of you that day.
That's so good.
And you know the fact that when he was punching his fist,
it was more like you're going to hit one of them or I'm going to hit you.
It's one or the other.
That's right. Well, you got to take me to when you're 11 to hit one of them or I'm going to hit you. It's one or the other. That's right.
That's right.
Well, you got to take me to when you're 11.
How old are you now?
Are you 33?
40.
What?
I'm older than you guys.
Yeah, 40.
I just turned 40 in October.
Are you shitting me?
So you got the same haircut as your old man now?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's not quite the shaggy dog flow that I once had.
How old were you when you got out
of you're like state you're like bobble it from nip tuck so i i did two years of junior and a
year of post-grad so i was i went to 30 years old even college i was yeah i was 24 yeah i was 30
years old all right well i've gone on top. You look great for 40. Congrats on that.
I want to go back to when you were 11 years old,
and you're not even playing hockey,
and you find a book about hockey royalty,
and I picture you going through it and being like,
wait a minute, that's my uncle.
That's my grandfather. What was the story there when you found this certain book?
Yeah, so I literally had been at
that time i'd been to two hockey games i think i went to one in washington where i have uh my dad's
cousin has been the president of the washington capitals for like 40 years so i had gone to a
game in washington because it was about three and a half hour drive for us and i've been to one in
new york city because my uncle craig was coaching the rangers at the time i think he was coach gm
and so in my mind when you went to a hockey game you York City because my uncle Craig was coaching the Rangers at the time. I think he was coach GM.
And so in my mind, when you went to a hockey game, you just had a relative that was working for the team.
You know, I mean, it didn't it didn't really sink in.
I didn't know. I loved baseball. I was collecting baseball cards all the time.
I just went to these hockey games. I was like, oh, that's cool.
They skate around a nice, pretty neat.
And then when I was 11, I find a book in the bookshelf and it says, The Patrick's Hockey's Royal Family.
And I was like, oh, that's interesting. That's our same last name.
And so I read this whole book. My dad's not even home. I just can't put this book down.
And then I start seeing all these names that I recognize, like Craig Patrick and Glenn Patrick.
I'm like, wait a minute. Is this about my family?
And so my dad gets home and I'm like, Dad, what's going on with this book?
And he's like, oh, yeah, we played hockey for a long time. And then I was like, Oh, so that's what that thing is in the closet, that stick. And he's like, yeah, hockey. I had never played roller hockey or
deck. I mean, I literally had not done anything with hockey at 11 years old and had that family
background. So like you were saying earlier, why, why is a good question. It's almost like it was a top secret, you know, the family background.
Yeah, CIA shit.
Well, I was wondering.
But some people, I mean, you could understand if like a true legend
like maybe doesn't want his son to play,
like how are you going to live up to that?
Like I don't know.
I could see an argument to both sides.
Do you think it was maybe like what are the chances, like there's so much going to be so much pressure on him
or like what made it that they didn't even do you ever even ask them i've i've talked to him about
it and at the time he had a restaurant a restaurant bar in virginia and it was really really uh taken
up a lot of time for him and my mom. My mom worked there too.
And that only rink in Virginia, there was one place you could play.
It was one hour away.
So for me to play, it was going to be a one-hour drive each way.
It was expensive.
You know, I already hadn't started, so I was going to be late to the game.
And I could see that.
And honestly, we live in Boise now, and the rink is 35 minutes away.
And people are always like, why don't you have your kids play hockey?
And I'm like, I'll have them play hockey if they ask me to play hockey,
but I'm not going to.
If we can play football and I can just go in the backyard and we can play
compared to gearing them up 35 minutes away and doing all that,
it doesn't matter to me if they play hockey or not.
I just want them to be active and do something.
So I think my dad was kind of the same way.
He loved hockey, don't get me wrong, but he didn't care if I played or not. I just want him to be active and do something. So I think my dad was kind of the same way. He loved hockey, don't get me wrong,
but he didn't care if I played or not.
So Curtis, after you started skating
at 11 years old, you ended up moving to
Massachusetts. Where in Massachusetts
did you live and where did you play here?
I went to, so I moved
to Massachusetts as a senior in high school
and I went to West Springfield
Mass and played for West Springfield
High School.
Were you good early?
Like right away, were you one of the better players?
No.
I wish.
I was, I mean, I was always, I was always struggling. Every team I was on, I felt like I was the worst player.
But as I, you know, as I kept working,
I would get a little better enough to be the worst player on a better team.
In Western Mass, I honestly was like the fourth line forward on their team when I came.
And I moved from Virginia, and my dad was a pro scout for the Penguins at the time.
And so everyone heard.
In West Springfield, it went around quick.
Oh, we got this Pittsburgh Penguins scout boy coming.
He's going to be so good.
He's going to be on the hockey team.
And then I got there, and I could hardly skate.
You didn't make the team.
I barely made the team.
I think I only made the team because my dad was who he was.
You ended up playing a few games in the American League too, right?
I did.
And I actually have you to thank for that.
Why is that?
Oh, because I got sent down because I was getting in trouble?
Well, this was the year, I think this was the year that you went straight from Pittsburgh,
and they said, you know what, you're not even coming to Wilkes-Barre's training camp,
you're just going right to Wheeling.
Was that 2005?
What happened, Bess?
I've heard little bits and pieces of this like it was maybe a fight
i don't want to steal your story but i will credit more to i was some young punk but i had a fucking
chip on my shoulder and i knew i was good enough and i didn't feel like i was getting a fair enough
shake and it was when they signed all those d like noel welch and lannan and i had a good
i had a decent camp and then i had a really good american league camp and they said see you later
and i think i'm i, I don't know.
I know you guys might have had a plan in your mind before training camp hit,
but the fact that it's me getting sent down there I think is bullshit.
And I was fucking pissed.
I had four goals to insist in a fucking training camp in the AHL.
Like, dude, I was fucking playing hard.
I was playing to win, and I got pigeon-taught.
But I would credit it more to me being a bit of a young punk.
And I don't know if that experience made me go down there
and be a little bit bitter and start boozing a little too much,
but a little too much partying, and they whipped me into shape.
Hey, Curtis, dude, he just muted his mic
and fired his fucking microphone across the room.
Why did you bring that up?
He's pissed.
Oh, shit.
What's up, guys?
Oh, was I getting a little heated there?
No, I'm very passionate when I speak.
That was a pivotal moment in my career, and I appreciate you asking about it.
But I will say, though, it introduced me to a lot of uh interesting people and at the
end of the day i really enjoyed my time in the echl and and i mean i got to meet unreal
personalities like you it was it was a fucking weird wacky time we just had virtue on the other
day oh man that guy i love that guy i and he was he wasing. He married someone from wheeling.
He was wheeling through and through.
Did he talk about that at all?
Well, you guys, we don't have to talk about what you were going to talk about on another show, but I do love that guy.
Yeah, dude.
Why are you killing our voice?
Why are you trying to produce fucking from Mikey?
Don't tell the same story twice.
Hey, so you played at Penn State when it was club hockey.
Now they're a wagon.
D1.
Now they're awesome.
Yeah.
You can kind of brag.
I played at Penn State.
No, it's amazing.
I tell people I'm actually in the Penn State Hockey Hall of Fame.
Are you really?
Now they're a D1.
I'm like, I'm really in the Penn State Hockey Hall of Fame.
Well, I mean, you're on the wall, right?
I'm not going to tell my kids where the line is where it stopped being clubbed.
The stick's on the wall.
So I'm going to take my kids there someday.
10 State's just going to be, you know, top five in the country,
a bunch of studs.
I'm going to be like, yeah, I play for 10 State.
There I am in the Hall of Fame.
There's my stick there, boys.
You know, not too bad.
I left that out on purpose.
I didn't want to throw you under the bus on the introduction,
so I left that part out.
I figured I'd fool people, like, thinking you played it when it was D1.
But I want to say five years, that's a long time to play on the coast.
Were you having a blast the whole time, or was it already like,
all right, man, I got to get out of here and go do my computer shit now?
It was  I loved  from the day that I found that book
and realized what hockey was
and started playing it.
I played it all the time on the street.
In Virginia, you didn't get to play much.
I played it any second I could on the street.
I played it any time I could on ponds when I moved to Massachusetts.
Any time there was free ice and juniors and pro, I always was on the ice.
I loved hockey.
And I honestly would have played hockey forever.
I think that I was trying to get to the NHL. That's obviously the goal of anyone who's playing
in the coast, because you're not going there for the money and you're not going there for the
awesome nightlife and wheeling West Virginia. But I wanted to do it. I felt like at some point,
you know, I kind of, I got married and I was going to have a kid and I
said, you know what? I'm 29 years old. I'm going to have a kid. I really don't want to be going on
two week road trips and then trying to take my kid over to generations for dinner, right. To get the
half off discount. So maybe I should just, maybe I should just go with this job. That'll make me,
you know, be, I'll be able to support my family no problem everything's going
to be way easier and uh I'll sadly sit behind a computer I never thought in my whole life that
I'd end up in inside for a job I thought it were construction or whatever something outside the
whole reason I was getting to that and asked if you'd played in the American League because I was
going to say I I would be hard-pressed to name another teammate who didn't come to the rink every day and appreciate where they were as much as you.
Like you were always happy.
You were like, this is awesome.
We're playing professional hockey.
And sometimes during the loom and gloom days of the season,
you need guys on your team who are going to really like come in and be like,
kind of like, be like, fuck, you know what?
Yeah, we are having a good time here.
This is  fuck, we are playing pro hockey.
So that's  you kind of deflected it into asking me why I got pigeon-tossed
by the Pittsburgh Penguins, but that's what I was going to get to
and say about you, whereas it's no wonder you at least got close.
I mean, you made it to the American League, dude.
And like you said, like, no offense to you,
you just found a way to get to that next level. It doesn't matter what your role was, you know, you made it to the American League, dude. And like you said, like, no offense to you, you just found a way to get to that next level.
It doesn't matter what your role was, you know, you squeaked in.
I did squeak in.
And I did love every second of playing in Wheeling
and I loved every second of playing in Wilkes-Barre.
And I appreciate what you're saying there, Bess.
Oh, yeah, short answer, though, before Witt asks you the next question.
The final straw was when at training
camp, and Witt, you might have even been in this
room when this happened. I know
Brooks Arquette was. I know what you're going to say.
They had me listed as
playing, and then they wait
until I'm fully dressed, like right before
the game, they come sticking a new line
up on the wall, and
I was taken out.
He just taped his stick. I looked over, and I was ready out and i said he just taped his stick i looked over and i was ready to
go and just come in and just yo take the name tag off the velcro and put another one on hit the
showers so so listen there could be no correlation to the fact that i don't have these issues but
then they said in the summertime hey coming in clean slate come to
fucking work i was ready i was ready to go and they do that first day of camp i look yosi yosi
i said you think you could fucking let me know before i put my gear on mike y'all wanted to
sock me right between the fucking eyes and i want to get him on to interview him in order to ask him
how bad he wanted to kill me but that was that then
literally the next day they're like go home and that's when I went yeah and my dad go ahead so
the story the story with me going to Wilkes-Barre my dad was coaching us in Wheeling and uh I had
a great I to my credit I had a great training camp at Wilkes-Barre I played awesome that whatever it
was two weeks in Wilkes-Barre.
And so we went down and we just got throttled in Charlotte.
I don't even remember our first two games in Charlotte that year.
Wheeling versus Charlotte, they probably won like 14 to 2.
It was when they changed all the rules.
We had like 45 penalties against us.
They were leading the league in power play goals for three months.
I don't think I've ever taken a spanking in back-to-back games like we did those
two games i remember them and and they just i think they just moved the team there and they
were like a fairly new team yeah they were brand new and that giant arena sold out arena yeah tons
of people and so after that weekend we get back to wheeling and i think it was todd richard i know
it's todd richards because he's in wilkes-barre he my dad, and Wilkes-Barre had already had an injury,
and he said, hey, we need a D-man who played well.
And my dad's like, well, Biss is the best defenseman in the league.
And he said, no, not Biss, someone else.
And my dad goes, well, let's go for Curtis.
Curtis can go.
And I go up to  I'm going to Wilkes-Barre,
and my dad knows that the trip is going to be  I think we're going to New York City to spend the night and then fly to Manitoba and play Manitoba.
And my dad goes, the only thing he told me before I went up to Wilkes-Barre is, hey, when you go to New York City, you're probably going to go out to dinner.
He said, when you go out to dinner, they're going to split the bill.
He said, no matter what you get, they're going to split the bill.
And sure enough, we went out to dinner,
and everybody's getting wine and steaks and lobster.
So I just went right along with it.
I was like, well, I'm going to spend 100 on this either way.
I'm going to eat some good food.
That's the best advice I ever got.
Yeah, that was good advice.
But going back to your old man,
and we'll get to plenty more stories about him before Witt hops in here,
the reason that we're doing this player relief fund for the echl it was that was the last league i
played in and i played for your man and he just let me go out there and play hockey i was having
fun man and that was the last level and then it got way more of a business and way more about
you're gonna meet be a meathead and you're gonna fight and play a limited role where that's why like I that's why I wanted you on in the first place and your old man is just
he's a fucking cartoon character and I honestly I played for my dad at a lot of different levels
and I watched him coach at a lot of different levels and I felt like he was like that everywhere
he was he loved hockey too and he liked creative players and he loved the guys that would stick up
for their teammates and guys that would show the work hard and if you were one of those guys it was very easy
to play for my dad and if you were if you're a guy that needed uh you know negative reinforcement or
you know you needed a ton of false positive encouragement he wasn't really that guy he was
he was pretty real and he was pretty genuine and and he worked hard, and he loved his guys.
And I loved  it's not just because he was my dad.
I loved him as a coach.
I really, really enjoyed playing for him as a coach.
Curtis, your very first pro game had some pretty unusual circumstances, did they not?
This is, I think, probably my best story.
So I'm at Penn State, and Penn State, like we were talking about before, is club.
And so you're not  I don't think  I think one guy had gone
and played one game in the ECHL before I had gotten there.
And at the end of my senior year, Johnstown and Wheeling were both just
really hurting for guys.
A lot of forwards  and, you know, the ECHL, some people on the phone won't know
or some people listening to this later won't know,
but the ECHL, there are times during the year
when your coach is literally in the back of the bus like,
hey, does anyone know someone who lives near New Jersey
that ever played hockey in their life?
Because we need to sign someone for tonight.
Like we have 4D and we need someone just in case something happens
or we need an emergency goaltender who is also our equipment guy, right? That kind of stuff happens all the time. So I get
a call, it's spring break at Penn State and everybody's going, people are going to Las Vegas,
they're going to Jamaica. And I get this call that wheeling is down so many guys that they want me to
come in and play some games.
And so right away, I don't even think about it.
I'm just like, I'm going, of course.
Of course I'm going.
So I pack my stuff up.
I drive to, I think I drive to Redding, Pennsylvania to meet the team.
And I get in with the coach and he takes me down to the locker room and he doesn't sign me and I don't play that night, which is fine.
We go to Atlantic City the next night. Doesn't sign me there. I don't play that night, which is fine. We go to Atlantic City the next night.
Doesn't sign me there.
I don't play that night.
I'm just kind of  and they're down.
They're down guys.
And I don't know if it was because I was club or what,
but we get back to Wheeling, and I'm practicing with the team there
for a couple days.
And he finally sits me down in the office, and he's like, look, look, look.
I know that you want to play hockey.
I want to get you paid, and I know you're enjoying the experience.
We're going to sign you.
We're going to sign you soon. I'm going to say, that's fine. That's fine.
Whatever. I'm just happy to be here. And then that night, Wheeling is getting back on the bus and
going to Johnstown, Pennsylvania to play a game. And the coach in Johnstown, Toby O'Brien,
was good friends with the coach at Penn State, Joe Batista. And so Toby O'Brien is calling Joe
Batista. He's like, look,
we got 3D. We have to have someone tonight. Can Curtis Patrick come play for us? And Joe Batista
is like, well, here's his number, but he's in Wheeling right now. And so Toby O'Brien calls me.
I'm standing in the parking lot of West Bank Arena in Wheeling, West Virginia. I'm just about to get
on the bus to drive up to
Johnstown. And here's Toby O'Brien calling me. He says, Curtis, we need a guy tonight.
You can play tonight. I'll sign you. I'll sign you. As soon as you get here, you play for us
tonight. And so in that moment, I'm like, well, let me just, let me just think about this for a
minute. So I call my dad, of course, which is like the first thing I always did call my dad.
And I said, dad, look, I'm in Wheeling.
I'm about to get on the bus.
I'm playing Johnstown tonight.
Johnstown wants me to play for them.
And my dad's like, did Wheeling sign you?
Did Wheeling sign you?
I said, no, Wheeling didn't sign me.
He said, go play for Johnstown.
And I'm in Wheeling, meanwhile, without a car.
So I forget how I got to Wheeling, but I somehow got  oh, no,
because I met him in Reading. So I met him in Reading, went on the bus with him. I'm to Wheeling, but I had somehow gotten  oh, no, because I met him in Redding.
So I met him in Redding, went on the bus with him.
I'm in Wheeling with no car.
So I go up to Wheeling's coach, Pat Bingham, and I said, hey, coach,
weird situation here, but Johnstown wants me to play for them tonight.
And I'm like, since I haven't signed here and it doesn't look like I'm going to play,
I would really love to just play in a game, right?
This is like my life's dream here. I don't know if it'm going to play, I would really love to just play in a game, right? This is like my life's dream here.
I don't know if it's going to be here tomorrow.
I got to do it.
Is there any way I can go play for Johnstown tonight?
And he's like, he just gives me, and Pat Bingham is a tough, tough man.
And I love him, but he looked at me like he wanted to kill me.
I thought he might sucker punch me when I asked him that question.
And he looked right at me and he said, you can play,
but you might feel more comfortable
riding with one of the boosters.
And so Wheeling had these boosters,
these superfans that would follow the bus
everywhere they went.
Oh, Jesus.
Especially Johnstown games.
No, don't say that.
Oh, yeah.
And the boosters are in the parking lot,
all lined up.
You know, they got all their cars.
And so he just picks a random car and says,
hey, can this guy ride with you?
No.
And they're like, excuse me? He's like,, can this guy ride with you? No. And they're like, excuse me?
He's like, yeah, can he ride with you?
They said yes.
He didn't tell them that I was going to play for Johnstown.
So I'm riding to Johnstown, three-hour drive with these guys.
And finally we stop at Subway for a meal.
And they're like, how come you're not on the bus, by the way?
And I was like, actually, it's a funny story.
I'm going to play for Johnstown tonight, not Wheeling.
And immediately
a guy reaches in the back
and stabs you in the throat because you're not
playing for the Nailers.
No, you're not.
So they take
me to Snowboy. We get my pregame meal to play
for the opposition.
They're arch rivals.
And then we pull up into johnstown and
wheeling has already been there and already unloaded the bus no lie we pull up to the front
of the arena and there's my bag and my two sticks sitting on the sidewalk nobody around just sitting
in the middle of the sidewalk right next to the main street in johnstown because they just took
them off the bus and threw them and put them right in front of the arena for me to find later.
I will say this.
That's a little bit slimy, isn't it?
That move there, that made me mad.
How'd you play?
I didn't mind riding with the boosters.
I didn't mind that.
Yeah, what happened in the game?
I was mad.
So in the game,
Wheeling was one of the best teams in the league that year
and had been on  they were on a 13-game unbeaten streak at the time.
And so I went in and played for Johnstown.
Actually, a buddy of mine from Penn State, Billy Downey, played with me.
We both got to play in that game.
We ended up beating them, and I think we beat them by
I think we took them down like 6-2 or something.
It was awful.
And I was punching guys in the face, and I'm all over, and I'm chirping guys.
And their coach, Pat Bingham, was just bright red, screaming at everyone,
you're getting beat by club hockey players, right in my face.
And I'm like, I was just there with you the other day,
and you told me how I was going to play for you, and it was going to be great.
He was so mad and i ended up playing uh good fuck him for treating you like an asshole
oh i felt it really did feel good to win that game and then we went to we went into wheeling
i played eight straight games because they were down so many d and we went into wheeling and beat
them in wheeling two two nights later something, and he was losing it again.
It was really  and then I went on the next year to play for Pat Bingham in Wheeling.
So it's kind of funny how it all went.
He had to bring you in.
You were owning him.
Hey, I have a memory of you.
It might have been camp in Wilkes-Barre when you you fought Naz you fought
Nazardine like the old veteran how did that one start well I have a good so that day that day in
Wilkes-Barre's camp that was my first uh AHL camp in Wilkes-Barre and um obviously I was super
excited and my dad had told me a long time ago, he's like, look,
if you ever try out for a hockey team,
after the first practice or the first scrimmage or whatever,
you need to make sure that when the coach and the assistant coach are talking
to each other that night, that they know what your name is.
And I was like, yeah, that seems, that seems smart.
And he's like, no, Curtis,
you need to make sure that they know what your name is.
And I was like, oh, okay.
He's like, Curtis, that might mean that you have to punch the people in the face,
but they need to know what your name is.
You need to make sure.
So I went to Lokesbury that year, and, I mean, it was like, I think it was,
well, I have actually a funny story leading up to this that I'll tell in a minute.
But I had a fight in that training camp and they sat down the first thing that we
did in training camp was i think was carrying and uh mike gillard's the assistant coach and
they sat us all down they said no fighting we're not going to fight this whole training camp we
just want to see you play no fighting and that first scrimmage i was probably on the ice for 20
minutes and in 20 minutes i'd already fought nazardine and drew fata and and i can follow the drew fata fight up
with a pretty good story too oh he's tough as nails yeah oh he's and that's why i got to play
for pat bingham because bingham had had drew fata and wheeling for a couple years and he knew how
tough drew fata was and i just completely lucked out and didn't get killed i couldn't chew for a
week but it didn't look like i lost the fight. He's got knockout power.
Bingham got right up after I fought Drew Fata and went over to my dad and said, can he come to Wheeling
and try out for Wheeling? And my dad's like, yeah,
he'll come to Wheeling. And so
it worked out pretty well. Just from that one
day, I just saw Drew Fata punching my
jaw. He fought McGrattan
at one point. He doesn't give a shit.
He was tough as shit.
What was the other Fatter story you said?
So, you know, I started hockey at 11.
I'm the worst guy.
I moved to Massachusetts.
I've only played in Virginia.
I had played like three months a year, two hours a week.
We hardly had any ice time.
It was an hour away.
I really hadn't played much.
So I was always, once I got to
Massachusetts, I was always working super, super hard. And so I went through juniors prep school
and got to Penn state. And in my mind, you know, I was playing for a club hockey team, but in my
mind, I was going to make the NHL. Like I had to do whatever I had to do to make the NHL.
And so I had this idea that I needed to beat out some Pittsburgh Penguins draft pick because my uncle was the GM in Pittsburgh,
and I loved Pittsburgh Penguins since I was a little kid.
And I was like, I have to beat out a Pittsburgh Penguins draft pick
if I want to make that team someday.
So I just flipped open a computer,
or I guess you don't flip open a computer in those days.
It was a desktop.
But I got on the computer, and I found the first draft pick I could find.
It was Drew Fata.
And I had remembered Drew Fata from when I was at Minnesota hockey camps.
I used to go there all the time and Drew Fata would be there with his brother
Rico.
And I remember everyone talking about the Fata brothers and how good they were.
And I was like, I'm going to beat Drew Fata to the NHL.
I was like, that's the guy.
So I wrote his name.
I wrote Drew Fata on a piece of tape and I taped it to the top of my TV.
And so anytime I was watching TV in college, I was doing pushups and squats thinking about beating Drew Fata on a piece of tape, and I taped it to the top of my TV. And so anytime I was watching TV in college, I was doing push-ups and squats,
thinking about beating Drew Fata.
And my buddies, you know, my buddies for four years,
they used to laugh hysterically at this Drew Fata tape that I had.
And I was always telling the story.
And then I got to Wilkes-Barre, and the first shift of that scrimmage,
Drew Fata's on the other team.
And I was like, poor Drew Fata.
I'm just following him around the ice, hacking him, just slashing him,
cross-checking him in the back, like punching him in the back of the head.
And he's like, what are you doing?
We're not fighting in the training.
I'm like, no, we're fighting, Drew.
We've got to fight, Drew.
I mean, he probably thought I was some kind of lunatic.
Well, listen, you are.
You had his name taped on your TV for five years.
You are a lunatic.
I've never told him that.
I played with him at Wheeling.
I never told him that story. So, Drew,
you're probably going to hear this at some point.
I would say it's a very weird way
to try to gain motivation with.
Yeah, well, I was going to say
you had to have been
the hardest working
player in club hockey
history.
I've talked to guys.
I know club hockey, there's some actually really competitive teams
that are then turning D1.
It's good.
But, I mean, you're doing squats and push-ups in your room?
Well, here's the thing.
Club hockey, I will agree, there are some club hockey teams
where you're paying to play and you're just kind of drinking and having fun.
Yeah, it's what Penn state was.
Penn state was super, super serious.
We had, we had a football strength and we were working out two hours a day.
We had a football.
That's why I went to Penn state, to be honest.
I love how they ran their program.
It was, we had a guy who would come in and he was the football guy.
So we would be doing these crazy workouts that I still, to this day, haven't seen done anywhere
else where he would max us out, where we would get on the bike and we would go a minute, you know,
full speed as fast as you could. So you just can't even breathe. And then he put you right
on the squat rack and you'd be squatting with weight when you can't breathe because he was like
in a hockey game, you're going to be at that point at the end of the shift where you need the strength
but you don't have any oxygen and we have to teach your muscles what to do in that situation
I mean it was Penn State our coach Joe Batista and I think I heard you have someone else on who
talked about this when they were at Maine but Joe Batista would have us run so I played defense in college and he would have us run four
different four checks one for each forward line so we'd run four lines and when the other team
got the puck we would have a different four check depending on what line was out so as a defenseman
you had to know who you're out with and then whether you would pinch or whether it was a left
whatever you were doing all depended on which guys you're out there with and this is in club hockey
I mean we're going into places where the guys were just taking it easy and relaxing and beating It was a left. Whatever you were doing all depended on which guys you were out there with. And this is in club hockey.
I mean, we were going into places where the guys were just taking it easy and relaxing and beating them 15 to nothing.
I mean, it was a joke how good our team was compared to what we were playing
against a lot of the time.
That's right.
Because we were treating it like a real program.
Yeah, there was nobody that could play with you.
That was the worst part is that you just dust everyone.
You probably just wanted some better games.
And there were a handful of teams. There were a handful of teams that treated it like a real program.
And we would have great battles.
No, Ferris State's been D1 for a while.
Well, but when they were a club hockey team.
Ohio University, I would say at that time,
and I think Ferris State was already D1 at that time.
Delaware was run really well, and Ohio University and Eastern Michigan.
Those were kind of the four teams where when we played each other,
those were awesome, awesome games.
Those were always big battles.
Did you guys get fans?
We got  so we had an old arena, and we would pack it every game
with probably 2,500, something like that.
And they were crazy.
I mean, they were great fans.
And the girls would come, and you had your sweatsuit that said
Penn State Hockey, and it looked just like the football sweatsuit. And we, they were great fans. And the girls would come, and you had your sweatsuit that said Penn State Hockey,
and it looked just like the football sweatsuit, and we got all kinds of gear.
I mean, you felt like you were playing Division I.
I thought you were going to say something else.
And I didn't tell anyone it was club.
Yeah, fuck that.
Were they treating you like D1?
They thought they were.
You were treated D1.
I mean, everything at the school that was D1 was run the same way that hockey was.
We were treated like we were D1.
We would fly to some of our games.
We would take the bus.
We never had to pay for anything.
I mean, it was really amazing how well that program was run.
And it was the coach, Joe Batista,
he came in there and ran the club like that for, I think, 15, 20 years.
And then he's the guy that talked Terry Pagula into giving the big donation
and getting the D1.
I mean, this guy pretty much single-handedly got Penn State from where they had
a chicken wire fence in the 80s.
And now they're a top Division I destination.
I mean, it's really where you want to be.
Penn State's such a great school anyway.
Curtis, did the on-ice scrapping come a little more natural to you?
Did you like doing that?
I actually liked it. I think back now though, and Bess, you can probably relate to this.
I felt like if I want to fight, my hands hurt. And if I lost a fight, something else hurt,
like my nose hurt or my mouth. I never felt good. So I hated the injuries that came with fighting,
but there was nothing like being in a game where it's a really close game.
I can't contribute any goals.
I can go out there and fight some monster.
And even if I get beat up, it gets my teammates all fired up.
I love that part of hockey.
I really love that.
And I got beat up a lot. Honestly, I got beat up more than I won for sure in my hockey career.
But I really liked when the crowd would just be a hush over the crowd
in an imposing stadium, and you're lining up, and it's going to happen.
It was a pretty exciting part of hockey.
I don't know if hockey needed it necessarily,
but I loved it while I was doing it.
It was a lot of fun.
So your uncle Craig, he was the one who drafted me in pittsburgh such a great guy and
everyone knows the assistant coach of the 80 olympic team and i knew your dad a little bit
just both great people and really helpful and your dad always he was great he loved his beers
after games i was beers on the ride home but i i was told i had to ask you about natty light
something about high school and your and your old man Well, my dad, since I was in high school, I mean, probably 19.
I don't know when Natty Light came out, early 90s maybe.
Whenever it came out, he thought it was the best beer that had ever been made.
He loved Natty Light, and he still does.
He still drinks Natty Light.
That's his beer.
And I have a great story about Natty Light from high school.
So I have my buddies over.
My dad's a scout.
He goes to Boston or somewhere to watch a game,
and he's going to be gone for the night pretty much.
He's going to come home at 2 a.m.
So I have my buddies from my hockey team over,
and we're going to have wings, a couple beers,
and shave mohawks because it's playoff time coming up.
And so my buddies all come over.
We have 20 guys.
And then, of course, as always happens in high school,
20 guys turns into
140 people in my house because, oh, Curtis, the dad's not home. Let's get everyone over there.
And so we end up with just cases and cases of beer in the backyard and all these coolers
and the police show up. And so the police show up, move everyone along and they go out in the
backyard and they flip open every single beer
in that cooler and dump a couple hundred beers in our yard. So they dump all of our beer, which is
fair. And my dad comes home at 2am and there's still a police officer sitting out at the end of
my driveway. You know, everything is, all the kids are gone. I'm still there. And my dad talks
to the police officer. The police officer's like, yeah, we had a dump,
you know, we had a dump, like 10 cases of beer in the backyard. And so my dad comes wheeling in the
house. He walks right in, closes the front door and goes to the refrigerator. He opens the
refrigerator, looks in it, turns around and says, things would have been a whole lot worse for you
if they dumped my natural light. Somehow somehow they dumped all this stuff in the
backyard but they left his 12 natural lights that he had in the refrigerator still sitting there
and so when he found out that they didn't dump his natural light everything was fine and that
was another one of those where 10 years later he's like i was so proud of you that night you
finally threw a party and you finally stuck it to me a little bit Oh, man.
He used to bring him those in his briefcase.
Remember you'd be filling up the cooler at the front of the bus with water?
And he'd be like, Garnas, stop that.
He's like, put these in.
Crack open his briefcase.
He had 12 Natty Light in his briefcase because he knew when we were leaving
Johnstown, that two-hour ride, that's how many he needed for that little part of the trip.
Yeah, and he didn't want the boosters to see him bringing a case of beer
onto the bus, so he stuck them in his briefcase with three crosswords.
He does something to do for the way there and the way home.
Oh, my goodness.
We also heard  this is a tough one.
I don't even know why I'd like to say it, but you fractured a testicle one time.
I'm not sure I even want to hear it.
This happened in college, and I hit a guy.
So the guy was skating down.
I hit him, and the way that I hit him, he flipped backwards so fast that his skate just shot right up.
It wasn't the blade of his skate, but it was the boot of his skate that just, you know,
it felt like I'd been kicked in the junk.
And so I immediately dropped to my knees and kind of crawled to the bench like, oh, wow,
that really, really hurts.
I mean, probably the worst pain to that point that I'd ever had.
I get on the bench and I just, I don't know whether I can move, whether I can play.
And we get a power play and my coach is like, Curtis, can you go out for the power play?
And of course, my limited power play time in my career, I'm like, of course, I. And we get a power play. And my coach is like, Curtis, can you go out for the power play? And of course my limited power play time in my career, I'm like, of course
I'll go out for the power play. So I go out, I try to skate around. I can hardly move. We ended
up scoring a goal on the power play that I had nothing to do with because I can't even get past
the red line. And I just looked at my coach and said, I got to go, I got to go to the shower.
Like, I think I'm hurt, hurt. I can't even move. I go to the shower and take off all my gear,
jump in the shower. It's honestly, my left nut looks like a grapefruit. It was gigantic. My dad
walked, my dad was at the game. He walked down and came to the shower to see if I was all right.
He looked at me and he's like, oh no, buddy. So we go right, we shower, go right to the hospital
and the doctor looks at it and he's like,
yeah, you've, you've fractured a testicle. He's like, this is, this is super rare. This doesn't
happen very often. He's like, there are two things we can do. We can either leave it for now. He took
some x-rays and stuff. He's like, we can leave it and see what happens. Or we can do this surgery
on it where we, we kind of go in there and cut it all open and fix it up. And I was like, well,
I don't, I don't want to do surgery, so let's just leave it.
I was like, we'll just leave it for now.
And they gave me some pain meds.
I went back to my apartment, and I got a call from the doctor like an hour later.
He's like, look, I'm sorry that I gave you the option.
He's like, we're looking at the x-rays again.
We have to get in there.
We have to do surgery.
He's like, so don't eat anything tonight.
Come on in tomorrow morning, and we'll do the surgery.
So I don't eat, and i go in and uh i i
get laid out on the table right they take all my clothes off because you obviously can't have any
clothes on when they're working on your junk and uh they give me the what's it called when they
put you to sleep anesthesia um anesthesia yeah anesthesia so they give me the anesthesia and
it's not quite it's not quite all the way done. Right. They had me counting backwards or something. And all of a
sudden I look up and I see like 45 college kids walking into the room where I am. And I'm just
laid out junkyard everywhere. And apparently this, the surgery is so rare. It almost never happens
that they needed to get, they wanted to get a bunch of classes in to watch them do it.
It was like when you see on Grey's Anatomy, everyone's in the bleachers cheering.
All these college kids are walking in, and I'm just spread eagle on the bed,
and the anesthesia hasn't kicked in yet.
And I'm like, please, please, up the dose.
And so
It's cold in here as you're passing out.
It's cold in here.
And then we get done.
I get done with the surgery.
And I think my favorite part about this story is when I wake up from surgery,
I have this, what I call a ball sling.
So if you can imagine a sling for your arm, when you hurt your shoulder,
there's this sling around my balls with a hole for my penis to go through.
And that's all I have on under my gown is this ball sling.
And they say you need to wear the ball sling. And they say,
you need to wear the ball sling for two weeks or something just to keep everything supported and it won't move around and get messed up. And so, of course, when I get done, everything's
feeling better. We hung the ball sling up and our house was like the hockey house, right?
Where everyone came and partied on the weekend, right in the middle of the area that everyone
would always hang out and dance and everything is this bloody little swing just hanging on the middle of
the wall with nothing in memory of my that has to be the weirdest injury i've ever heard of
and i had a cup on because i know bish you didn't wear a cup right yeah i got i there was a period
of time yeah there was a period of time for about 18 months of my career.
And I remember telling the story of the podcast,
Sergei Gonchar came down to me one-on-one and ended up dumping it in and it
went right into my ball sack. And you know,
there's that split second where you're like, it hasn't kicked in yet.
And you're like, Oh no, it just got me right in the bag. And then boom,
it hits. I had to go to the bench.
I think I sat the rest of the period out and
and yeah now i was hurting for weeks so after that i threw a cup back on and like when i had
when i told the trainer that i hadn't been wearing a cup like i think it word spread like they're
like this guy's an idiot like he's not like this guy's that stupid maybe that's why they sent me
down for good maybe that's why you didn't get called up yeah because your father like affluence i'm so proud of you finally broke your nuts son
yeah since he's so positive about everything else what's one story that you you had you had to tell
like one of your your crazier hockey stories one of my crazier hockey stories? Let me think about that.
One story that I had to tell.
It's always hard when you're drunk.
That is.
That's a hard story to tell.
Hey, did Craig have any stories
about the AD Olympic team
that maybe we haven't heard?
You know what?
He has never...
He's not talking about the AD Olympic team.
He's never given me anything that, you know,
I hadn't seen in a movie or seen. I've always,
I've always said that to my dad. I'm like, dad, I need to, you know,
I feel like somebody, it doesn't have to be me,
but somebody should sit down with my uncle and just ask him questions and
videotape it. Right.
Just so we have all of his memories because he has so many memories that I feel
like he doesn't really talk about. And I've honestly, when I talk to him about the 80 Olympics,
it seems like he wants to talk about it a little bit,
but he doesn't want to go too in-depth.
He almost tears up.
I mean, he loves that story.
He loves that team.
So it's pretty cool to have him be part of that.
All right, we've got to wrap up,
but I guess next time we'll save it for your Uncle Craig,
the one who drafted me.
Uncle Craig.
And then someday you've got to get someone on.
I have some good John Brophy stories.
He was a coach forever.
We didn't even talk about them.
Or somebody needs to tell us some John Brophy stories.
Okay, if you can run by him quick, let's rifle him off here.
I'll leave you with one.
I'm going to leave you with one John Brophy story.
Got to get him back on.
Because it involves me.
So I was in Virginia, and in Hampton, Virginia, I'm the water boy
because my dad's coaching with Brophy.
He's like the assistant coach, trying to get back into coaching.
Every period, my only job when the players were on the ice
was to fill up 25 Gatorades and 25 waters.
And you guys have heard some John Brophy
stories. And for the people on the radio, this guy was just an absolute wild man. He was always
bright red because he was always furious about whatever was going on. And he would yell and
scream and punch and throw things. And he was just such an intense guy. And I swear, I don't know
how many games they played at home,
40 games or so, let's say.
Out of those 40 games, probably 30 games, at least once during the game,
he would walk into that locker room after I just spent 15 minutes filling up 50 waters and Gatorades, and he would walk right over with a stick,
and he would just start golf swinging, baseball swinging,
every single water and Gatorade off of there, and then kick the table over.
And all the Gatorade would spill.
And the first time that he did it, I was like, oh, my.
And I would walk in to try to fix it, and the equipment manager was like,
hey, just stay here.
Just stay here.
And so that's my personal John Brophy story.
And then there, I mean, you could find a thousand John Brophy stories.
That guy is a legend.
Yeah, we had one from Walshie about the coffee on the guy.
15 seconds.
But, hey, thanks for coming on.
I think our fans are going to love your stories.
And we're going to have to get you back on for a part two about some other shit.
All right, Bess.
Thanks, buddy.
Thanks, Curtis.
Have a great one, buddy.
Thanks so much, bud.
And let's collab
for that Pink Whitney song.
Maybe we'll do
another MySpace love ship.
We'll get a little funky with it.
Oh, I'm ready.
All right.
All right.
He's got the abs.
See you, buddy.
Huge thanks to Curtis Patrick
for joining us
for a nice chat.
Hopefully, like I said,
you folks found it interesting as I did.
We did want to let you know that interview was brought to you by Dude Wipes.
Dude Wipes are the original flushable wipes for guys.
Everyone is stocking up on toilet paper with coronavirus,
and you need to be stocking up on Dude Wipes,
as Dude Wipes are better than toilet paper
and are multipurpose to use anywhere in your body.
Dude has many products to stay clean and hygienic during this interesting time, and all that time. If you are not using these yet while dropping a deuce,
do yourself a favor and check them out. You'll feel so much better and fresher rather than using
the only shitty toilet paper. They truly will change your life. Dude wipes are fragrance-free,
dude-sized at 49 square inches, and check out the brand new Dude Wipes Mint Chill,
made with mint, eucalyptus
and tea tree oils the dude brand has expanded into a whole line of awesome hygiene products now
they have dude shower body wipes dude powder for your balls dude deodorant spray and sticks and
new dude underwear performance box of briefs as seen on shark tank dude has something for everyone
with your everyday hygiene needs you can pick up this stuff at Amazon, Walmart, Mariano's, Juul, or Maya.
Or use the code Hockey20 for 20 off at DudeProducts.com.
Once again, it's 20 off with the code Hockey20 at DudeProducts.com.
Biz, I wish I had a promo code for leisure suits these days.
Do they still make them or what?
I couldn't even believe it.
And I thought that was your full head of hair for a second
when that picture was posted to Instagram the other day.
And folks, if you haven't seen it, please go to...
Did you guys post it on Twitter too?
Yeah, it's on both Chicklets Twitter and Instagram.
Ari, how old were you when that photo was taken?
That one, I was probably 19, 20, maybe.
Maybe early 20s.
I think you even looked more chiseled than that than you did in our animation,
which, I mean, you got some favors from the girl at Barstool
because you looked mighty fine in that one.
So I don't know, man.
Back then, you looked like you, not only with the gift of the gab,
you must have been quite the ladies' man.
Well, it's funny.
The story behind that suit was my uncle had a closet,
and he refused to
throw these old clothes out he had like four or five leisure suits from the 70s pink ones green
ones and he just there were such nice suits he never threw them out well one night i tried one
on and it fit like a t so i would wear it to like halloween parties costume parties i wore it to
spring break one year like with the afro on this is pre-9-11 so like you didn't even need a license
to fly so i would board the plane like strutting down the aisle with my Afro bob and leisure suit on just for shits.
We'd all be hammered just for shits and giggles.
And we went on one cruise, and I actually wore that suit with the Afro wig to the captain's dinner.
You know when everyone gets gussied up with a tuxedo?
I wore the leisure suit and the Afro wig to the captain's dinner.
R.A. going on a cruise and being in the same shape of his uncle
when he was 18 years old is the least surprising news of the night,
besides the fact that Mikey said he's been eating Twinkies
since fucking quarantine started, which is the most disgusting snack.
I'm amazed right now at you guys.
But that suit is perfection.
It was crazy.
It fit perfect.
I mean, it was just such a perfect fit.
I had the elevator shoes on.
You can kind of make them out in the pitch.
The collar's out to here.
Yeah, anybody in the Boston area from like the late 80s to early 90s
probably saw that suit at one point.
Why the term leisure suit?
Does that mean like not as business-like?
No, well, the style, yeah.
That style with the long collar and the bell bottoms,
that's the style of suit. It was called the leisure suit okay back on back on the day and
uh wait i was listening to the uh marty mush game the other night funnest is a word i knew
is it funnest is a word it is nice has that been recently added as a word to the english dictionary
because so many people say it said a million people say it per day. No, I retracted
and I said 100,000 people probably
say funnest, but it's probably
funner is not a word.
No, but it's fun, funner, funnest
because it's usually like most
or, you know, what is it?
It's usually like if you say it one way
you can't say it the other. Some people will say
most fun, but funnest is acceptable.
Alright. I was wrong acceptable. All right.
I was wrong again.
Shocker.
All right.
Hey, fellas, what do chintzy calls, missed empty netters,
and your car's check engine all have in common?
They're all things we hate to see.
We can't do much about refs and the bouncers, but with CarShield, you don't have to freak out over a check engine light.
CarShield makes the process of fixing a covered repair incredibly simple.
They have affordable protection plans that can save you thousands for a covered repair,
including computers, engines, air conditioning, and a lot more.
Carshield gives you options most people won't.
You get to pick your favorite mechanic or dealership to do the work,
and Carshield takes care of the rest.
Plus, Carshield offers complimentary 24-7 roadside service assistance
in a rental car while yours is being fixed.
CarShield has helped over 1 million customers, so drive with confidence knowing you've got coverage from America's number one auto protection company.
Blown calls and missed playoffs eventually fade.
That check engine light won't, so get coverage today.
Call 800-CAR-6000 and mention the code CHICKLETS or visit carshield.com and use the code CHICKLETS to save 10.
That's carshield.com, code CHICKLETS.
A deductible may apply.
Biz, I know since the last time we met, you ran a poll.
I believe the Chicklets account ran a poll, too, regarding Ozark and somewhat controversial takes with the show.
Oh, I was taking it off the chin when I watched season one of Ozark.
And then I said, I think this is on the trajectory to be just as good,
if not better than Breaking Bad.
Did I ever open up a can of fucking worms?
There are some hardcore Breaking Bad bag lickers out there.
And the funniest part about it is then i watched season three which now
i'm finally caught up to ozark and listen if even if you're a huge breaking bad fan ra would you not
admit the last half of season three of ozark is some of the best tv that you've ever seen
well i like i said i tapped out before season two even started i just didn't want to put the effort
in i i i didn't like it enough to continue moving with it so um yeah but at the same time it's it's it's all subjective man
you're not right you're not wrong it's just like you you think it's on this path that it might
surpass that and that doesn't you know it's just your opinion that's like that's twitter now you
get attacked for your opinion all the time yeah and you know i just like to go on there and stir
the pot i thought what was funny is when I said that, how much scrutiny I received.
So I put a Twitter poll up, and over 60,000 people voted,
and I said, after watching three seasons of Ozark
and being caught up, would you not say that it's as good,
if not better, on that path to be better than Breaking Bad?
I know I worded that fucking horribly.
And then, sure enough,
53 of people agree with me. So suck
it. Yeah, well then
notice your followers, your fans.
Sick Paul.
You think people would lie about
a show they liked? I think they're just
being optimistic at the fact that it
could be just as good, given that
three seasons of Ozark have been very
entertaining, and it could eventually be as good as Breaking three seasons of ozark have been very entertaining and it could
eventually be as good as breaking bad and there was the other poll that grinelli did with the
chiclets feed uh let's settle it better show uh we got a little over 19 000 votes breaking bad
got 60 ozark got 40 but of course ozark's not done yet so you can't give it a proper complete
grade at this time so i will say that in order to surpass Breaking Bad, it's got to keep on the trajectory of season three.
Because the way that Breaking Bad was able to tie it all into a beautiful bow at the end is what put it over the edge.
But I will say the overall acting in Ozark, I find it to be superior.
Overall acting in Ozark, I find it to be superior.
And other people said that the fact that it's on Netflix gives it a little bit more of leeway
than I think when Breaking Bad came out,
it was on television.
AMC.
Yeah, but it was on AMC, though.
And AMC, actually, it put AMC in the map.
I mean, AMC was this...
No, I thought Mad Men put them on the map.
Wasn't it?
Which was before?
It might have been a collective effort.
I think Mad Men was before Breaking Bad.
Well, either way, it was a one-two punch
because the both of them made AMC
something it hadn't been before.
But I don't think that had any quality with the acting.
But hey, boys, I did just mention Carshield a second ago.
They're based out in St. Louis,
and I also wanted to mention the hockey team
they're affiliated with.
It's www.stlouispprospectshockey.com.
If you're in the St. Louis area, like I said,
they've been running the youth hockey program out there for a while,
so check them out.
St. Louis, of course, as we know,
has been producing an unbelievable rate of hockey players in the NHL lately,
so wanted to mention that as well.
And we do have a couple of death notices we need to pass along.
In the last week, man, we lost two absolute legends.
First, Jerry Stiller died. Ben Stiller's's dad he had an over 60 year career most of you knew him as george costanza's father
frank on seinfeld or arthur on king of queens he was also in zoolander not to mention uh the
original taking of pelham 123 and a million other tv shows uh just an absolute character great
character actor and it was funny. At one point on
Twitter, Biz, I think half of the trending topics had something to do with either Seinfeld or King
of Queens or him, which is, I know it's not, you know, it's just Twitter, but it was actually a
nice tribute for a guy. I'm sure his family probably liked that. And also one of the icons,
we lost Little Richard, died at 87. I'm an old school rock and roll fan and he's one of the
fathers of rock and roll i mean if you saw the tweets from mick jagger and paul mccartney he's
like they both said he taught us everything he critiqued us he showed us how to be performers
uh ironically the stones we used to bring old black yeah bring old black blues guys on tour
with them because white audiences didn't know about
him and little richard used to go on tour with him man it's weird he quit in the fifth not quitting
the 50s he stopped making new music in the 50s became a minister but he was just had built up
such a legendary status in just a short time that he was still looked up to as the as a father of
rock and roll so little richard i i immediately think of and this will probably make some huge little richard fans sick that this is what i think of but if you haven't seen last action hero with
arnold schwarzenegger came out when i was 10 years old little richard i just he was a he was
he announces his presence with authority in that movie so just check that one out if you're looking
for a maybe a little back to the future action. Yeah, Jerry Stiller, I mean, one of my favorite characters in a show ever.
That guy is just an absolute lightning rod.
That's terrible.
And his son had some really nice things to say about him.
And this is, I don't know what the fuck I'm even saying right now.
Yeah, well, a couple of guys, you know, they were icons for different reasons.
And they had great lives. I mean, Little Rich was 87 when he passed on and i mean he was still getting
it done i was still touring up until a few years ago what's interesting he was an ordained minister
he married bruce willis and demi moore uh tom petty and his wife and little stevie van zant from uh
bruce springsteen he married them all of them he became like basically a priest to the stars more
or less and was the ordained ordained minister or whatever at all their weddings so again tough to see those uh
those guys go condolences to any family friends whatever anybody connected to those two uh one
other note friday night we got our buddy pete blackburn is going to be taking on washington
capital defenseman john carlson and the chicklets cup brought to you by our friends at devour
make sure you check that out.
Grinnelli, any other notes they need to know?
No, no, not really.
Pete's pretty good.
John Carlson, obviously, Norris Trophy finalist,
probably going to win it if they do hand it out this year.
It should be a good matchup.
Maybe we'll have a few more surprise guests popping in too.
And you can watch that live on our Twitter, on our Facebook,
on our YouTube, on our Twitch account, and, of course,
barcelsports.com.
Excellent.
Well, looking forward to it.
And, again, everybody, like sometimes on the show,
we have things we don't necessarily want to talk about.
We just want to talk about hockey.
So we just try to give you our take and how we feel about it.
Hopefully everybody's cool and we can, like Ben said, be a little nicer,
be a little better out there.
And, you know, especially now more than ever,
this world's kind of a fucked up place right now.
So if you can be a little nicer, be a little nicer out there and uh you know especially now more than ever this world's kind of a fucked up place right now so if you can be a little nicer be a little nicer yeah and last
thing i'll say is um that nhl fan choice awards you guys can go on and vote early and often there's
20 categories um it's just a way to keep the fans involved especially with what's going on and um
there's some some funny categories so go check that out. NHL Fan Choice Awards. And check out, even if you're not a Bruins fan,
that documentary about the 70 teams, fantastic.
And Ken Casey, the narrator, he said he'd come on.
Lead singer of the Dropkick Murphys in a money, silky smooth golf game.
So maybe we'll get him on someday.
But appreciate you all listening.
Have a great one.
As always, we want to send a big thanks to our awesome sponsors.
Big thanks to all our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
A big thanks to our new friends at NASCA.
We're going to be happy to be working with you guys.
A big thanks to our friends at DHM Detox.
Another big thanks to our new friends over at Carshield.
Nice working with you folks.
And a big thanks to our old friends over at Dude Vipes.
Have a great week, everyone.
We'll see you next week.
Dude food.
Old food. Dude food. Woo! Dude food. thanks to our old friends over at Dude Wipes. Have a great week, everyone. She knows just what to do. She brought me to the east, she brought me to the west, but she's the girl that I love best.
