Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 270 of Spittin' Chip.
Let's present to you by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
It is Memorial Day weekend, so hopefully everyone is fully stocked with the old Pink Whitney.
And, of course, you're going to enjoy it responsibly this weekend.
Hopefully you guys got something on tap.
Mikey Grinelli, producer, say hi to you first.
What do you got planned? Anything?
You should get Jersey beaches, right, say hi to you first. What do you got planned? Anything? You should get Jersey Beaches, right?
Yeah, not much planned.
I did join a Blade
gang this weekend. I got myself a pair of
rollerblades. Just been buzzing around
New York City. Got some street hockey balls.
Been stick handling. Keeping my head up the whole time.
Looking for traffic. I feel like I'm wet out there.
But guys, things are going
great right now. I'm fighting through some blisters.
But life could be worse going great right now. I'm fighting through some blisters, but life could be worse.
Stronger ankles.
That's fucking right, Mike.
It could always be worse.
Next up, the Wittop.
I want to bet.
What's up, guys?
Once again, said it last time, feels like forever since we chatted.
Biz, I saw you last night, which was Tuesday, with the Austinin matthews keith yano matchup we'll get
into that but it's a pleasure to be here golf is back the weather's been beautiful it's just it
it's just it's it's it's as good of a time right now as you can make out of a shitty time right
is that a good description perfect there we go perfect and last but not least paul biz nasty
bisonette how you doing buddy you You got anything planned for the weekend?
Well, I first want to acknowledge the pep in your step coming out of the gate there.
Hello, everybody.
And then, G, going over to you, you mentioned the Blade Gang.
If we mention Rollerblade and don't mention Chucky Slick,
for some of those of you who listen who aren't online
might not know who this guy is,
but this guy is basically the backpacker of hockey. And I know that when you mention you're part of this blade gang you got a
few tweets about him we'll eventually either get him on or do a piece on him because i think he's
a very very interesting unique individual so shout out chucky slick we are not forgetting about you
and to move it along to wit here of course you're in a great mood. You're back out there playing golf every fucking day.
Yeah, not every day, Biz, but yeah, a good amount.
Good amount.
I mean, have you been in the backyard practicing on your swing?
No, because I don't want to rip up the grass, lay down some beautiful sod.
The pool's finished also.
I should have mentioned that.
It came out incredible.
Got the TV set up outside, the grill, the chairs, the fire pit.
I mean, let me tell you, I'm dialed in this summer.
Dialed in.
I hope you guys come and check it out at some point.
Absolutely, man.
I'd love to.
The key to outdoor TV, you got to have no glare, man.
Nighttime is the best.
This is an outdoor TV.
Apparently, this thing is what you need.
So let's hope it goes well and it can stay out there all year.
I was thinking when I got a fall fire Patriots game,
that, I mean, does that not get you going after 18 holes?
Big time, big time.
We do have a pair of guests once again.
It's like we're back to one episode a week,
so if we can fatten it up a little bit for you, we can.
We have a two-and-a-half-time cup winner.
His own words, he'll explain it for you.
Colin Fraser, great guest. Had a lot of laughs with him that hour, flew by.
And we also have Tampa Bay forward Alex Colon to come by.
He's a quote-unquote influencer now,
so he's going to talk about being an influencer on Instagram now.
So that'll be pretty funny as well.
We've got some news.
I mean, I guess it's an update.
There's things kind of trickling out here and there.
Pierre Lebrun, who's been been on top everything from day one. He reported that the return to play committee has made progress on
a 24 team format. Now that's not a 24 team playoff. There's going to be a play in with
eight of those teams. So technically there will be 16 teams in the playoffs if they were to go
with this format. They're still talking about having the two hub cities with 12 teams in each
city. Again, everything is hypothetical possibility right now.
Nothing even close to set in stone.
You know, there's still issues about testing.
What if one guy tests positive?
Is that going to blow everything up?
And, you know, the players want to be cooped up in a hotel room for a month, two months,
three months at a time.
Well, maybe two months at a time.
No family.
There's all these other little things that pop up as well.
One of the no-two, the NHLPA's executive board has voted to further defer a decision on that last paycheck
i think it's obvious they're waiting to see what happens with the season before they probably wait
on that paycheck what what's your take on where we are right now baby steps yeah it's just a little
hope i think for people who really want to see hockey because you're at least seeing what it
could look like if it goes down there's a there's a blueprint that's starting to come about here
if there is hockey now i i i can't see guys just itching to get back and play if they got to wait
another another uh 50 60 days after what they've already been through since the season got canceled
so or delayed um i the other, too, is the border issue.
I don't know if you just mentioned that.
I was just reading an article today about Canada, you can't even get back in.
It's like only essential travel.
At least if it happens, you know how it's going to go down, and you can start arguing about that.
But it's still a long way from actually happening.
Let me ask you a question from a player perspective. perspective now the players have already been paid for the season you don't make any more additional money in the playoffs unless you
get like a cup bonus is that correct uh you make money per every round it goes up and then if you
if you win the cup i don't know do you know what the cup bonus is now, Biz? I don't, which I should. That's right up my fucking alley.
And going back to your comment, RA,
I believe at this point the players are deciding
on whether they're going to receive their last paychecks
because we all know what the escrow situation is going to be like
if, in fact, they don't come back and play
because at this point,
loss revenue might be 1.1 billion i think i read
okay and let's go back to you guys talking a couple debbie fucking downers over there all right
you're dangling the carrot from pierre lebrun by the way you're kind of dressed like a carrot today
so it kind of fits perfectly in here let me show the proper love though who is that oh bob marley
love love the fucking shirt all right guys i'm anist. I think that what they're doing right now is they're slowly planning on the return.
Let's hope another second wave does not come of whatever's going on out there, the coronavirus.
That's going to swoop by, and then they're going to be able to put these players in a facility,
whether they decide on Edmonton, I'm hearing that's popping up.
I've also heard Vegas, which to me seems like the perfect spot
given the fact that they have resorts everywhere.
Maybe on these guys' days off, they could take a page out of Whitney's book
and hit the links and make it a safe environment.
Of course, safety is the number one issue,
but I am very optimistic that they're going to do this 24-team rollout.
Some people are like, why 24 teams?
Guys, there's a business component to this okay more teams more money more fans engage yay sports more
gambling are we allowed to talk about gambling on this podcast we are thumbs up from g there you go
so everybody's happy national penn national gaming i am going to be the optimist of the podcast and i
believe that hockey does have a strong possibility of coming back,
and everyone's going to stay safe,
and the Arizona Coyotes are going to be crowned as Stanley Cup champions.
Yeah, I just don't know how I feel about watching playoff hockey
with no fans in the stands, Biz.
I see golfers coming out saying just move the Ryder Cup back
if there's no fans.
I don't know.
Maybe in the fall you can't have them even when you start next year.
So it's kind of a stupid point by me if it's going to be the case no matter what.
But I don't know.
I'm just not sold on the season coming back.
I think if it does, I'll be thrilled to get to throw some action on these games.
We'll have some things to talk about here on the Chicklets podcast the end maybe be a good thing but as of right now i'm on i'm on the arrow pointing
downside with as i'm doing with my pointer finger wit and and to touch on your comment how some of
these players not might be that excited to come back and and i can understand from a player
perspective because they're in limbo right now.
Maybe they're back home hanging out with their friends
and it's harder to stay in shape not knowing what's going on.
It's evident that some of these teams are in places
where players have stuck around.
I believe they have taken it more seriously.
Some teams also have a lot of guys coming back from injury,
Colorado being one of them.
So a lot of these guys were probably taking it a little bit more seriously
to recover from their injuries and get back to possible game shape,
given the fact that they probably had some rest, you know,
over the course of the time they were injured.
So to me, there are some teams,
and we're going to have one guy on coming up here, Alex Killorn,
where Tampa, you got to imagine all their fucking guys are still in Tampa,
all staying in shape, a good environment.
And those types of teams that are staying in shape and taking this break a little bit
more seriously than others are going to have the advantage if, in fact, this thing gets
kicked back up.
Who are some of the teams you would give the advantage to right now who probably remain
the most disciplined and also had a lot of the same, the core group of guys, if not the whole team, stay in one city.
Vegas, to me, we talked to Revo.
He said the whole team's still there.
Yeah, but what if they're all getting after it together every night?
Well, they ain't going to fucking day clubs because it ain't open.
Yeah, you don't think some of those dudes have backyards
that can throw a banger of a day club party?
Yeah, that's true.
I mentioned my new backyard.
We could have a day
party in Milton, Massachusetts, guys.
That's why I threw this out there.
Social distancing style.
But, Biz, I can't say
which team I think. I'm just going to say
the youngest team.
The youngest team that was in the hunt based on
this layoff. And the thing is,
if you're sitting around and
you had a date in if you had a date told to you all right this is when we get going you need to
be able to have a plan to have to have a schedule in terms of when you're ramping up the training
when you're going to relax when the couple days off before the season begins will be they don't
know anything so how the hell are these guys going to be staying in in shape in which like
it's got to be a little mentally exhausting every day going in there and not even knowing where you're going to
end up and when it's going to happen well i think it's going to come down to accountability and
leadership and you mentioned the fact that you give the the advantage to maybe the younger guys
okay fair enough i don't know are those the guys who would take the office as seriously given this
situation maybe there's some temptations that are sucking them in.
No, they're young thoroughbreds.
You throw them out there, and they skate 400 miles an hour,
and they all get multiple point games every week.
Those kids are fine.
But these younger guys, they're hockey nerds most of them anyways,
but they don't even drink.
Okay, so based off what you're saying if things get back going you probably give the
Leafs a pretty good chance they got a lot of young buzz we talked to Matthews the other day he's
seeing the ice through the video game okay well might as well drop jump right into that then all
right oh you watch it all right oh god yeah I mean Keith Yendel is must-see television he's like NBC
in the 80s absolutely tuned tuned in just for him.
I mean, you guys are obviously funny too, but we don't get Keith all the time.
And he was.
I put it on.
I tweeted to support the squad, and then I had it on for five minutes,
and I tweeted it again.
I'm like, you've got to put this on.
Yandel's not fucking funny.
He's just, you know, like everybody has a buddy like that.
He's the funniest guy on the crew, and I'm glad everybody got to enjoy him.
What's up, G?
And then this Friday we'll have Pat Connington from the Milwaukee Bucks
versus Frankie Borelli of the 4Play podcast and of All Right Frankie fame.
Wow.
Wow.
All right.
Interested to get your thoughts on that, Witt.
I know you and Borelli go at it a little bit with his Islanders love,
and I would say his naiveness.
Is that a word? it's naivete
naivete all right learn that journalism school at north adams state 1993 oh so you're not fucking
with me that's actually a word naivete yeah the the yeah the noun version of being naive is naivete
yeah r.a is still high stepping out of the gate right now. Yeah, you are. You're buzzing.
Good for you.
Like Maka Salen.
Fair Academy colors on, too.
Just orange and black.
Listen, I know some of you people listening aren't big video game people,
but we're having a good time jumping on these Twitch streams.
I mean, it's nice to see the boys.
Austin Matthews popped by as well.
Great catching up with him.
We joked around a little bit.
It's good seeing these guys guys personality outside the rink
because when they get around the rink
sometimes they're a little on edge
so stop by we're doing that Tuesdays and Fridays
at 8pm Eastern
Grinnelli's been organizing the whole thing
he's growing up before our eyes
and I don't know if you mentioned at the top of the episode
you guys ended up taking down
the Washington Capitals professional
esports team, correct?
You and me? I've come a long
way since losing 20 to nothing.
I'll tell you guys that much. We took down a
pro gaming team last night. We actually
had Ollie from On The Bench join
us. Those guys are hilarious. And
Daddy Padre as well. But
we had a squad and we took down a professional
gaming team.
Congratulations. Very impressive. Yeah, it's quite a world, man. took down a professional gaming team. Congratulations.
Very impressive.
Yeah, it's quite a world, man.
I'm amazed with these kids.
I mean, the cream of the crop, making millions of dollars playing video games.
I mean, some of these kids are clearing a million a month from YouTube and shit.
It's a long fucking time from the time. I believe the episode, or not the episode, when Blackburn played Carlson.
I think we talked about that.
But I said to biz that
i feel the exact same way like i have the same amount of fun doing that as when we're recording
here i think if you enjoy the podcast even if you're not necessarily going to care at all about
the video game we don't either really we're just we're just all shoot the shit like it's not i
would i would have you check it out i know it's hard for for some of you guys who just maybe still have the um am fm radio and your grandkid helps you
get to the podcast app on your iphone but you can figure it out it's on all our on our all our
channels um all right before i throw it over to you so during that pete blackburn and john carlson
one uh i think ovechkin had an empty net goal, and I was actually asking him.
I said, how many has he got?
How many pluses do you think you've gotten
because of the empty net goals?
And I thought Ovechkin might have ranked top ever.
He is currently sitting third
for most empty net goals ever at 39.
I did hear you ask him, yeah.
Oh, okay, so you did hear that.
I didn't hear who.
Gretzky?
Witt, you want to answer?
Who's in second and first?
He's third all the time?
He's third currently.
That's so hard.
I'm going to say, I'm just thinking of goal scorers that played a long time.
Iserman and Gretzky?
This one's off the board.
I don't think many people would have got it.
Marion Hossa with 40.
He's one ahead of Alex Ovechkin right now.
And it was funny because we were talking on it,
and coaches usually reward the guys who aren't cheating.
And think of a guy who's more responsible at both ends of the ice and a horse and who deserves those empty net goals, Marion Hossa.
And, of course, the great one at 56 career empty net goals.
So thank you to the fan who sent that over after we jumped off the stream.
Nice little stat.
I should have thought, yeah, I should have thought of a defensive great.
And actually, Biz, speaking of very responsible forwards who can also put the puck in the
opposing team's net, we're going to take a call right now from Alex Colon, Doc Talk
fame, Instagram influencer.
Right after RA, you got something about Roman for us, I believe.
Absolutely.
If you've been dealing with acne, redness, dark spots, or wrinkles,
finding treatment that works can be complicated.
You need skincare that actually performs,
but getting started can be overwhelming, especially for us fellas.
Thankfully, there's a solution.
Roman makes it convenient to get customized prescription skincare
that really performs. Just grab your phone or computer, complete a free online consultation,
and you'll hear back from a U.S. licensed physician within 24 hours. If appropriate,
a doctor will prescribe a custom blended treatment based on your skin type and priorities.
You'll receive your custom skincare treatment with free two-day shipping. You'll also get free
unlimited follow-ups with your doctor if you need to make a change to your treatment or you have any questions. With Roman,
there are no commitments and you can cancel anytime. So go to GetRoman.com slash Barstool
for a free online visit and start your new skincare routine today. That's GetRoman.com
slash Barstool. Eligibility requirements and additional terms do apply and now without further ado alex
cologne well our next guest is making his return to the show he's currently in his eighth season
with the tampa bay lightning in his first season of dog talk with killer he's a forward on the ice
and an influencer offer according to his instagram bio welcome back to spit and chick let's alex
cologne thanks for having me guys appreciate. Appreciate it. Absolutely, man.
So when did you add influence into the Instagram bio?
I got a kick out of that.
Yeah, it was just, I mean, it was something I decided to do during the quarantine,
kind of make the most of my time.
I was talking to Invisibility.
It all started with this Doc Talk, and how it came about really was our media guy,
Brian Breesman, continually kept asking me to do a video for
the fans, a quarantine video that I'd seen like, you know, 20 other players have done it, you know,
shout out to the fans and wishing they would get back soon. And I didn't want to do a video like
that for some reason. And I figured I would do a QA with the fans. And I was out on my dock. So
I thought it'd be funny if I did it on my jet ski.
Kind of picked up.
A lot of people started watching, so I decided to go see Stamco's
headman McDonough on the first episode, and fans have really enjoyed it.
So it's been a lot of fun, you know, even though we joke about it.
I've been raising money for a good cause.
Well, I want to get into that right away.
I want you to explain why you did it. I think it's awesome that've been raising money for a good cause so well i want to get into that right away i want you to explain why you did and i think it's awesome that you yeah you got outside your
box and thought of an innovative innovative way to incorporate the fans instead of just doing a
generic video and i tell you what man it's been popping off and i couldn't be happier for you
yeah i know you said like coming out of your box and um i know for myself it's not something i would typically do especially not
in season but i remember i i texted like stammer mcdonough and headman and like i think stammer
right away i was like no not doing it and i was like that's a good start you know i thought like
maybe one of them would be like oh this could be funny or whatever but uh no they didn't want to
do it at first and then uh he was kind of joking
and once they came around to it and once we actually did it and they saw how the fans loved
it and the money we were raising um they really got behind it actually i'm filming another video
tomorrow i don't want to give too much away but stan was going to be involved in it so
he's one guy that's tough to get vasilevsky's another guy in the media that's really tough to get an interview
out of. I was able
to do that.
It's been fun.
It's funny. I think everyone at home
should appreciate hearing that
sometimes you can't get guys.
People say, you should have so-and-so on.
I'm like, he doesn't want to come on.
Alex Hemsky is never coming on this podcast.
Just retired, by the way.
Once they start seeing how much fun you've had,
and by the way, the other part is you all live that close on this channel
or whatever?
Yeah, so that's another spot.
I know, yeah.
That's another funny part.
So I started this for it to be like a fun thing that I do with my teammates
and to raise money for charity.
But what's really come of it, it's like the ultimate free agent recruiting video.
I mean, I remember my GM called me.
He's like  I didn't know if he was calling me to tell me like,
okay, like cut it out, stop with the Instagram videos.
And he's like, man, thanks so much.
These videos are great.
The fans love them.
And it's like the ultimate free agent recruiter in the future.
So I think at some point some free agent is going to sign here because of that
video and I'm going to get traded because of it.
Biz actually wants to sell the, what are they called?
Jet skis with no state tax on the side to also remind the viewers of the,
on the recruiting video.
Yeah,
I know.
So no state tax.
We all live like when we have a team party,
like stamina or heady,
we'll usually have it.
And I'll just go on my jet ski over there and then come home.
It's pretty,
it's a good lifestyle,
man.
Yeah.
Like people are back home or like,
you know,
when you come back to Canada with the season and stuff,
I'm like, I'm not going anywhere.
I'm happy here.
So basically the Bucs should thank you for getting Tom Brady and Gronk.
Yeah, definitely.
That was to all you.
I have this knack of asking three questions at the same time.
It's kind of like a Goosebumps choose your own ending.
But one of the parts I asked you about in my first question
was the charity aspect.
I think that's very important.
I actually got a shirt here.
Okay, let's see it.
So these are the shirts.
Nice.
They're gorgeous.
I need one of those.
Yeah, I'll send you guys some.
Actually, I gave one to your buddy, Riggs, and he posted about it.
Doc Talk.
Yeah, Hillsborough education foundation is is where
the money's going to and we raised i haven't checked the numbers i think it's like 50 grand
just selling these t-shirts um so the people are really enjoying it but what it's for is basically
there's a lot of kids that live below the poverty line in like around tampa and because school has
been canceled they have no way to communicate with their teachers.
So like these fourth graders have no way to continue
and, you know, go to the fifth grade.
Sometimes they don't have Wi-Fi.
They don't have computers, laptops.
So all the proceeds are going to be going to them
to help them out to finish their school year.
That's incredible, man.
Good for you.
Yeah.
Did you ask Sergachev to do all the video he made with the yoga and everything?
Or was that all his kind of input?
That was a previous.
So that was kind of how this whole thing came about was Sergachev is an influencer.
I don't know if you guys knew that.
But him and his girlfriend are kind of influencers,
and they put out videos that are kind of funny.
And no, the guy who edits my videos just threw that that are kind of funny. And, uh, no, our, our,
the guy who edits my videos just threw that in there out of nowhere.
Oh, okay. Yeah.
Alex, have you ever done a full Florida summer yet?
Like been down there for the whole July, August?
I have not, I haven't done a full summer. I've been here until July. Um,
and then it gets, it gets pretty hot, you know, it gets a little hot.
And then my, my golf course is closed in June, so it's closing in 10 days.
So I got to join, like, another course.
Usually I'm not worried about playing at this time.
All right, you know where he goes?
Montreal.
And if you're a hockey player and you go back to Montreal in the summers,
that's as close to feeling like God as possible.
Am I wrong?
Especially during the Grand Prix weekend, top five weekends of my life.
Yeah, I mean, so there's  Montreal's a great city in the summertime.
Like the old port, that little area in Montreal is great.
But the Grand Prix is by far the biggest weekend.
You'll get buddies coming in and stuff.
I think I ran into you a long time ago before I was in the NHL
in a bathroom during the Grand Prix.
I never told you.
You think?
No chance.
But you big-dogged me.
What do you mean I fucking big-dogged you?
No, he was in one of those lock  you can't get in there.
I had more alcohol and drugs on me and in me, my system that weekend than ever before.
I don't even think I was in the NHL or anything at that point.
But I just think you walked by me and said, like, mix in a water bud.
And I was like, that fucking  that business.
I knew your business thing on Twitter.
Oh, God.
You're like, there's that fucking douchebag.
No, you were fine.
You were fine.
You were having a good time.
We went to that David Guetta one night
at New City Gas.
But hey, back to you.
26 fucking goals already this season.
You were on pace.
Well, you'd already surpassed your career high.
You were buzzing.
Obviously disappointing that things stopped.
But we were commenting earlier,
you guys are a team where I'm assuming
most of the team's still down there. You guys are probably keeping yourselves accountable given what's at stake for
this core group yeah if things kick back up do you think you guys still have a very good chance
at making a stab at this thing yeah it's funny i was actually golfing with uh stammer today
and and marty san luis name drop Rob. Is that good?
The reason I brought that up is that we were actually talking about that and we're like
you know what? A lot of people are talking
about like if somehow someone
won the cup would there be like an asterisk
around it if hockey came back this year
and we're like no man like you know what?
We're all put in this situation.
No one decided this. No one wanted
this and it's just the situation we're in
so guys are staying
in shape some guys have left um that live in the u.s that kind of drove home but uh like florida
state law like we're allowed to go we're allowed to do a lot of things that other states aren't
allowed to do um florida's basically open right uh so guys are staying in shape and we're excited for the prospect of playing again
I want to go back to the football
for a second, before the box squad
Brady and Gronk, who was your favorite team
in the NFL?
Oh the Pats, yeah
You were a Pats guy
I went to school, I went to high school in Massachusetts
I mean, I'm from Canada, right?
I was an Alouette fan growing up but I went to school in Massachusetts in high school in Massachusetts. I mean, I'm from Canada, right? I was an Alouettes fan growing up, but
I went to school in
Massachusetts in high school for two years,
and then I went to Harvard
for four years, so I just became
a Pats fan. They were so good when I was there.
Where were you in high school
here? I went to Deerfield.
Deerfield Academy.
What a school that is.
Yeah, it's a good prep school.
What about Milton? What do you think of Milton?
I drove by it by Witt's Place, cake eater.
Yeah, but Milton Academy,
you don't associate that with me.
That is not who I am.
That's a nice area.
Yeah, it's beautiful though.
We were talking a few days ago,
Killorn, and I know
there was rumblings that you might actually get Tom Brady on DocTalk.
I think we will.
Okay.
And what was funny, though, about you reaching out to him was his comment,
and I'll let you say it,
that you ended up reading a few days after throwing out the invite.
I was trying to get Tom Brady on.
And by me, when I say trying, I wasn't really trying. Just every single interview I did, I was like, yeah, well, I'm trying to get Tom Brady on. And by me, when I say trying, I wasn't really trying.
Just every single interview I did, I was like, yeah,
well, I'm trying to get Brady on.
And, like, I've done, like, ten interviews while they're, like
I'm just hoping that at some point it will get to him.
And he'll be like, okay.
Actually, another funny story is I thought I was going to play golf with him
last week because he joined a course nearby.
And one of my buddies  Henrik Stenson invited me to go play golf with him last week because he joined a course nearby and uh one of my buddies
Henrik Stenson invited me to go play golf and he's like I'm playing what a group he's like I'm going
to play with some of my buddies and I'm like and Stenson's like very low-key guy like if we were
playing with Brady he wouldn't mention it he'd be like hey you want to come out like we're just
going to play with some buddies like love guys like that and so in my head i like i think i made it up that i was
gonna be playing golf with tom brady so i actually sent him a dm the week before saying like hey you
want to come on my jet ski talk show like and i was like well what if i play golf with this guy
and you're the seeker dm on instagram and he looked at my DM, then he never talks to me ever again because I sent him a stupid DM.
Files a restraining order.
Then I show up to the golf course, and it's like three of Stenson's buds
from Lake Nona.
Whatever.
They're good guys.
Is that right?
The funniest part is that you imagine that Stenson's buddies,
just his regular old Joe Schmo buddies hanging down the basement,
was Tom Brady, and then it turns out to be his buddies.
It was his buddies.
Dude, I would have told you.
I actually was showing up, like, so excited.
Like, what am I going to say?
He's on the means.
Like, am I going to give him a fist bump, or am I going to shake his hand?
You know, like, should I bring Purell?
I don't know.
But, yeah, no, none of it happened.
How did you become buddies with Stenson?
So Stenson  Hedman knows Stenson because they're both Swedish.
We ended up playing around last year at his home course, Lake Nona.
And he is, like, the biggest hockey fan you've ever met and so when
we were playing golf with him i mean i'm a bigger golf fan than hockey fan so i was asking him
non-stop golf questions like how is it playing with tiger and he couldn't care less and all he
wanted to know was about hockey so it was funny because yeah we were asking questions about the
opposite things but he was a super nice guy brought brought us to his house, had a barbecue.
And ever since then, because he lives in Orlando,
he'll come down to games and we'll play golf with him once in a while.
It's great, man.
And for people who don't know, Henrik Stenson, British Open champion,
he flushes the fucking golf ball like no other.
So I can't imagine the noise it comes off because
club when you're playing with him he didn't disagree and the funny part was when we first
played with him he didn't know our handicaps right like we can kind of me and heady kind of play like
heady's uh a six i'm a i'm a one or two and but he's i'm sure he plays in all these events and
he like deals with all these you know amateurs and we're trying to get the back going with him and we're like hey like what
are we gonna play what's going on here like what kind of and he wouldn't give us anything he's like
oh let's just whatever because i think he thought we were like 15 20 handicaps and he'd have to give
us like 30 strokes yeah you're like no dude i could play give us give me five five so in the
back nine he he kind of figured
it out. He's like alright let's play a freaking match.
And I'm like hey let's get going.
We're getting it going.
He literally so we
played nine holes he had six birdies.
He's playing and you guys
have the course tipped out. It's just so easy
for him.
He was playing like it was
I don't even know how to compare it to hockey.
Like, us just, like, playing soccer before the game.
No practice swings.
Just kind of going up and hitting the ball.
Like, just  the greens were all punched.
Like, they weren't rolling well.
Just hitting every putt.
But, yeah, you can just tell, like, why these guys are so good.
I mean, when you're a
one or two, you think you're pretty good.
You're going around your club.
You're not even close.
These guys are not even close.
Sorry, Baze. Go ahead.
Stenson's not invited to the Sandbagger.
No, Stenson ain't coming
to the Sandbagger.
He's a reverse.
I don't know how free you guys are,
but me and Stan or me and Hedy would love to play you guys.
Oh, yeah.
This is a done deal in terms of a sandbag
or a rotational.
We'll think about it.
I know you're busy, Biz.
Hey, but the Tom Brady
situation that I was referring to,
I believe he was on Howard Stern and how much he loved
Tampa.
I'm over the moon about it.
Oh, yeah.
I remember that story.
Okay, I'll go.
I'll go.
I forget.
So I don't know how we got into Stenson.
I was just dropping names.
But either way.
It was me.
It was you.
Okay.
So Tom Brady, I was like, also, you're going to laugh at this.
In my mind, I was listening to Howard Stern's interview,
like trying to prepare for if I had Tom Brady on top.
I'm like, hey, what can I, like,
Howard Stern's pretty good at doing interviews. Let me, like, figure out how he gets some info out of Tom.
But either way, like the one, so he talks to Howard Stern.
He's like, I absolutely love Tampa.
It's the best place. Wait, he didn't say like, I absolutely love Tampa. It's the best place.
Well, he didn't say that, but he loves Tampa.
And he's like, the one thing I don't really like is that
my house is right on the water and everyone
knows where it is because it used to be Derek Jeter's
house. And boaters
and jet skiers just kind of roll up to my
dock. And I'm like, well,
I don't have a freaking chance now
because I'm going to roll up to his dock.
Cancel dock talk. Cancel doc talk.
Cancel doc talk.
But yeah, no, I don't have a chance, man.
I think Gronk, we could have a chance.
I know he used to live in the same community as Stammer,
and he'd have his own boat, and he had no idea how to work it.
So he was bumping into the doc and everything. It's when he had his arm cast on it so he was bumping into the like the dock and everything and
he had it's when he had like his arm cast on and he was like bumping the dock and
stan was like got to know him a little bit but he's a super nice guy the funniest part of that
is he's thinking that if you asked him a question or two from the stern interview he's like bro why
are you repeating the stern interview to me right now? Oh, the Stern interview?
I didn't listen to that.
Oh, I'm sorry, man.
Oh, what are you talking about, man?
Hey, so I mentioned your 26 goals career high.
You must be on the TB12 diet, right?
You fucking jock sniffer?
It's funny, man.
I was doing an interview, and the guys give me so much shit about this.
Like some guy, Joe Smith, did an interview, and he's like so much shit about this um like some guy joe smith did an
interview and he's like how did you score 20 26 goal like how have you been doing so well because
i hadn't ever hit 20 before and i told him a bunch of reasons but i told him i was meditating a lot
and the whole article was about me like changing my lifestyle and become like a meditation guy
and now in the room the guys will start meditating.
I don't know what that means, but the guys are giving me a hard time.
But honestly, what are you, you tripping?
No, when I go like, when I put my hand up, it means I want to go next question.
But sorry for interrupting you.
I was going to, all I was going to say is I picture you like in the Ace Ventura,
you know, when they have all like the Buddhists and shit.
Like you walk in, you have your own like ceremony.
Yeah, nothing like that, man.
I mean, I figure you'd be like a meditation kind of guy, no?
Oh, yeah.
I just, I mean.
This can't sit still that long.
No way.
Time out.
Time out.
I have started with my essential oils.
I'm like halfway there, if you could see behind me.
Yeah.
You rolled up on someone's dock in one of your shows, right?
Didn't you just, you would just stop to talk and you ended up like bumping on some guy's dock in one of your shows right didn't you just
you would just stop the talk and you ended up like bumping on some guy's dock you're like oh
sorry buddy i'm just yeah no i that was my so that was my first episode and it's really tough
to manage everything because you're on the jet ski it's bumpy you got to make sure there's a
good connection because it's live and it's not like if I do a couple of tapes, this will be good.
Like this is live.
People are watching this.
They're already, you know, watching it.
And I end up on some guy's dock and he's coming out thinking like my jet ski broke down.
So I was just like, no, buddy, I'm good.
Just I'm going to stay in myself.
Just don't ruin the live.
But I was, yeah.
You just wrote like cut asshole.
Yeah, no, he was, he was a good guy.
Kalorn, I didn't want you to think I was chirping you about the meditation aspect,
but I would like you to talk about that.
I thought you were going like this, like mental midget or something.
I don't know why you were doing that.
For those of you listening, when we're on these Zoom calls, it's hard.
The communication's not there, so we got to know who's up next,
and we don't want to undercut each other.
Zoom calls are tough.
Live is way better,
but let's get back to the meditation because I believe that is important.
Yeah.
So I remember reading this book and it was called,
I don't want to get too into it,
but it was called tools of Titans.
This guy,
Tim Ferriss.
And he basically interviewed,
I think it was like the most successful business people,
athletes,
everything in the world.
Like this guy,
um,
did a huge,
huge book.
And he said the most common thing they all had,
I think 80 of them meditated.
Oh shit.
So I,
I started doing it last year.
Um,
and it kind of just keeps you balanced,
man.
Like I remember when I used to score,
I used to get so happy.
And when I'd have three bad games, I'd get so down on myself.
And now I'm just kind of like I score whatever I don't.
Just play well, you know.
And guys will give you a hard time, but I think it helps.
I think that's ridiculous because I play with Jordan Wheel,
and he used to meditate before every single game.
And, you know, it's different, and we joke around about it.
I wouldn't lay into him because I'm like,
this guy's fucking lighting the lamp.
He ended up being Calder Cup MVP.
Whereas I talk to friends who do it, and I would like to get into it.
It just calms your mind down.
It's another great natural way in order to calm down anxiety as well.
Have you felt it help with that?
Yeah, I mean, I didn't have terrible anxiety but
like i had trouble sleeping a lot like especially night after games so before i would do it before
i go to sleep like and it just helps you i'd sleep a lot better interesting yeah i saw you
out when you're on the jet ski the arena is right near is that the canal you live on you that close
to the arena like could you jet ski?
We're not that close. I'm close enough.
It would take me about 10 minutes to get to the arena.
And I always have this, like, dream.
It's like this dream that basically the bridge gets stopped up on my
because we all live on an island.
It's called Davis Island.
And the bridge gets blocked, and there's no way off.
And we have a game.
And the only way to get to the game is in a jet ski.
And I always just think about that, me getting in a suit
and just ripping down the canal on a jet ski and rolling up to the game.
Because there's a dock literally right there.
So it could be done.
Chucking the jet ski keys to the valet guy, taking off your flippers.
Yeah, I'm making so much noise.
I'm just throwing it in.
I'll be back later.
Killer, do you find yourself judging shows or movies that have jet skis in them?
Like when Kenny Powers was out there ripping on his or even in that Tiger King documentary
when that whatever it was was buzzing around on his?
Are you like, oh, I know what model that is?
I don't know any of the models.
I just know I've been unseated to get me a deal.
They've sent me a bunch of stuff, but they haven't given me a jet ski yet.
No, part of the reason I started DocTalk was because I thought
Kenny Powers on the jet ski was the funniest thing ever.
And then when that guy came on on Tiger King,
it just made even more like that was a ridiculous scene
and i tried to i tried to mimic it when he's like slow motion riding with his like jet ski and his
like body his his life vest stuck like this but i mean i couldn't really do it um but yeah that was
that was kind of part of it you have to have a lot of food to be able to mimic how that guy looked on his jet seat.
But hey, Killer, thank you so much, man.
It's pretty cool to watch what you've done down there.
And I had no idea it really wasn't your personality,
and it kind of took you a little bit to get into it.
So you're a natural at it, and I appreciate you coming on, dude.
Thanks, guys.
I appreciate you.
And stay tuned because I told you guys I got a video.
Well, it's being filmed tomorrow, so I don't know when it's going to be released.
And Sandbagger.
And Killer,
don't forget I would never insult you for the
meditation thing. I would never call you a mental
measure for that. And you have 20 fucking
six goals in the show this year.
I'm not a math
guy, but that's like four or five times more
than I had in my fucking career. So congratulations.
I just wasn't sure.
And best of luck to you guys when you
face off against the Yotes in the finals.
Big thanks to Alex Colon for joining us
like that. Hopefully his show takes off. It's been
pretty funny so far. We do want to mention that
interview was brought to you by Bud Light Salsa.
The great taste in salsa from Bud Light
that comes in four delicious flavors.
It's unquestionably good.
Bud Light Seltzer is a proud sponsor of Spittin' Chicklets
and also now a proud sponsor of the East Coast Hockey League Player Relief Fund Programs,
a league that has ne'er and dear to biz from early in his career.
This support will help go to players, coaches, and all the staff
that help to make this league a vital part of the hockey community.
A reminder to everybody to stay safe and indoors,
and luckily you can get Bud Light Salsa
delivered to your door with Drizzly. First-time users can get 5 off with the code BudLight at
checkout. Some restrictions do apply. All right, boys, a couple other stories to get to. I wonder
if Alex Cohen started a trend biz amongst our players. Our pal Scotty Gomez looks like he's
getting into the content act on Instagram. He launched Scotty Gomez Learn to Be a Pro.
Looks like he's getting into the content act on Instagram.
He launched Scotty Gomez, learned to be a pro.
He built the fire Alaskan style, which is pretty entertaining in the least.
I thought it was hilarious.
He launched it on his unverified account instead of his verified account.
So you might want to give Scotty a heads up if you're talking to him.
He's got two accounts.
He might want to use the verified one.
But either way, he taught us how to light a fire.
It was pretty funny.
Did you check it out, Biz?
I did see that.
He's a gem.
I've been getting tons of DMs about getting him back on already.
Folks, we've got a lot of people to get to.
Biz, we got through one year of his career, didn't we?
Yeah.
One player.
Gomer played for like 17 years.
I don't even think we got past his rookie season.
No, no, we didn't. and we still have to talk uh talk to him
i would say it would be i would be confident in saying we at least get him once every nine months
would that be a fair assessment he's going to be in the rotation just like teddy purcell is
who by the way who by the fucking way messaged me yesterday and you know who said he might be able to get on here danny fucking heatley mr 50 and 07
himself might be coming on he go he go his quote was i want to make him beg a little bit more and
i said that's exactly what i'd expect from a 50 fucking goal scorer we gotta beg for him so fans
you think heater's gonna come flying us nope it's gonna
take a little bit it's gonna take a little bit of love from us to get heater on this pod and then
it'd be beautiful 50 and 07 himself and uh that would be such a treat to get him on one of the
nicest goal scorers he uh he actually asked me for a sign stick one time his thing was you know how normally it's the
plugs asking all the superstars around the league when they know their time's coming to an end
well heater did the he flipped the script he asked all the fourth line plug slash fighters to sign up
sticks for him and uh actually when i got when i got asked i thought our trainer was pranking me i
thought they were fucking with me nope but danny Heatley asked for one. Looking forward to getting him on because he's a beaut.
Nice.
Biz, we just obviously talked to Alex Cologne,
and he plays at Amelie Arena.
That's not the first time I crashed a cup party was that arena in 2004,
so I have very fond memories of that, Bon.
It's all coming together.
A lot of feng shui in this episode.
Yeah, okay.
Feng shui.
Hold on.
I'm going to move my fucking table uh let's see
we got some other some other news here the long-running minimum wage class action lawsuit
against the canadian hockey league was settled finally the official documents were filed in
court on friday it ended a six-year skirmish debating whether uh the whl ohl and the qmjhl
players are quote employees or quote or, quote, student athletes.
It sounds awful familiar to fans of the NCAA down here in the States.
But in an open letter, the CHL said the agreed upon settlement was for a total of 30 million
and several sources say each CHL team will be responsible for paying approximately 250,000
in damages.
Total team payouts will come to 15 million with the
league and insurance covering the rest. Basically, the plaintiffs said junior hockey contracts were
an actual employment contract entitling them to minimum wage and the benefits described.
The CHL's defense was that players were student-athletes and that its education package,
development, equipment, and off-ice programs exceeded what would be earned via minimum wage.
So it's, like I said, a pissing match similar to what we had down here.
And the players won.
So they haven't divvied up the money yet.
They don't know who's going to get what.
But we're talking about several hundred million dollars, man.
That's a lot of dough to get split up.
Several hundred million?
Hold on.
I'm sorry.
They were seeking 180 million in back wages,
so I take that back.
The settlement was for 30 million, not several hundred.
I meant to say several tens.
All right, that is so much information to give
in a few sentences.
That's why I try to get your heads up.
Good thing it wasn't me reading it.
People would be tweeting us all fucking day.
But I mean, I'm going to...
I'm going to shut it off.
I mean...
It's been, like, episode over.
That's it.
Yeah, yeah.
My brain would have exploded.
But I'll be looking for my check.
I'm excited.
Yeah.
You know, it's like a lot of times they have these suits, though.
You end up getting, like, a check in the mail for, like, 47 cents from, like...
I remember someone sued Blockbuster for, like, excessive late fees back in the day.
And everybody got, like, a voucher a voucher for two free rentals.
You sue based on class action, so you're suing on behalf of everybody.
So people who have nothing to do with it sometimes get awards.
What's your yearly check you get for being the cook in the back of the town?
Unfortunately, I wasn't that high up on the call sheet,
so I don't get residuals for that.
That would be nice, though.
Well, in other facets don't get residuals for that. That would be nice, though.
Well, in other facets, you got residuals.
But let's talk about silly lawsuits. Remember, there used to be the top 10 list that would come out every year.
And I mean, in the States, it's a lot more ridiculous than Canada.
And I believe number one was a guy won 1.7 million because he had a Winnebago.
And in the manual, you know, when you set it up where
it's cruise control, it didn't specifically say that you couldn't get up out of your seat. He
thought it was going to drive the car or the RV, excuse me. So he got up after he put it in
cruise control to go make a pot of coffee in the back of his Winnebago. Well, obviously the thing
crashed, but because that it didn't say that specifically in the manual,
I think he won a 1.7 million lawsuit.
Unless that was like some fake one,
but I mean, can you guys think of any other silly lawsuits
off the top of your head?
Well, it's funny you mentioned the hot coffee.
The McDonald's one is the original one.
The person who spilled the hot coffee on themselves
and then sued McDonald's because they weren't warned
that the hot coffee they just bought was going to be hot.
That's why it says hot coffee all over fucking hot coffee cups now because of that.
I got a dumb lawsuit.
What do you got?
Sophia Franklin versus Barstool.
Oh, gee.
Out of the fucking clouds.
From the clouds.
She sued Barstool?
No, I mean, people think she's going to.
Oh, yeah.
Are we talking about that whole situation?
Yes, we are.
Let's do it now.
It's out.
How stupid, how dumb are these two girls?
Have you ever in your life heard of a deal that Portnoy on his non-private roof deck gave to those girls?
Dude, what do you make a year on just the Instagram account
once they would have owned it all, Biz?
I don't know.
I mean, I want to say I called this one seven months ago,
and I think the video is still on fucking YouTube.
I'll let you finish with it.
But, yeah, that was uh that was
no i mean it's just i think everyone at this point knows the whole story if you don't check
out daddy speaks on caller daddy they tried to go behind the back of barstool and completely
screw over dave and erica who listen that podcast took off and shot like a rocket up the charts.
It would not have happened without Barstool.
The same way I openly always tell everyone that's the exact same thing that happened to us.
Okay?
So these girls to try to take and get rid of Barstool after what they did for them.
And mind you, they're crying poor the whole time.
They're making half a million.
What the fuck?
They work one day a week.
Dude, it takes them nine hours to record one of those episodes.
It's just incredible the way it all ended.
And Biz, I didn't know you called it in your whole discussion
when they tried to show you a rant.
Well, I mean, I called it in the fact that they weren't good human beings.
And listen, I'm not going to hammer on them because they're young and they made a very, very, very dumb decision.
What upset me the most about it all is the fact they were willing to drag Barstool's name through the mud in order to get what they want and got exposed for it.
That is unexcusable and the fact
that portnoy and a lot of people at barstool were probably upset at the fact that he gave
people who were being that ungrateful people who were being that shitty to the employees and the
people that had you know helped get that company to where it is who now eventually gave them their
following and i can side with portnoy on this
where a lot of people were like oh that's ridiculous that he would have given the ip
the reason he even said in that podcast we're in unsettling times right now and considering sports
aren't on and it's a sports you know network you know they might be leaking oil a little bit so
what he was prepared to do was offer that up so they could make them good money for the next year and maybe keep some employee
employees staffed so if anything he was going to eat that one in the end but he was doing so in
order to keep everyone on payroll which he's done since this whole fucking thing happened what's he
done all he's continued to do is pump out bangers. Now, I know you guys are probably done with me stroking him off.
Going back to the girls, it was really fucking shitty.
And then now Sophia, what Sophia is saying is, oh, well, she felt slighted because Alex had gone behind her back.
And what I think what she's referring to is the fact that Alex had went in and asked Dave for a raise behind her back.
When, in fact, I mean, we all know, based on the information that's out, was Alex was doing more of the work.
She was the one editing it.
She's the one who brought more money.
Why wouldn't she get more money?
Poopy pants.
Right.
So, listen, I hope in a perfect world, it gets reconciled.
They come back to Barstool.
They keep it going.
It doesn't look as if this is going to happen.
Now, the other funny aspect of it is the girl who went into Barstool to interview Dave.
And I believe she worked for HBO.
And he explained the whole engraving the Ace of Spades bottle because when his enemies lose, he likes to celebrate that.
Yeah, it's a little bit diabolical, as he said.
Yeah, it's a little bit diabolical, as he said. Well, this dude from HBO who was willing to basically drag Dave and his company through the mud to get his girlfriend what she wanted, but by no means was entitled to it. Fuck him too. That's some rubbish ass bullshit. play out your contract they'd already renegotiated it i believe a couple times
since they'd even started they had two years left on it play it out make your half a million and
then you can walk and go wherever you want and by the way biz you're not the the best part of all
of this is that their podcast was uh female dominance no guy does anything to us we stick together baloney's what took it down
some clown from hbo it looks like the dude from uh shrek like he looks like the uh lord
farquaad lord farquaad lord farquaad so incredibly enough a guy breaks it all up and you know what
take a hike i don't feel bad for those girls one bit. They had the deal of a lifetime given to them,
and they turned it down like morons.
And I think it shows how reasonable Dave is,
and that's exactly how he is.
If you want to go talk to him about something,
you can walk in his office, and he'll be straight up with you.
And as I said, I talk about it all the time.
I'm a second chances guy.
I hope they can reconcile.
I hope they get back together.
Everything gets patched up.
And even I would go over and say, hey, we've had our beef in the past.
I think what you did to try to do to the company is very shitty of you.
But, hey, I was young and dumb once, too.
Let's all laugh about it and go have a couple of pink Whitney's.
So I wish them nothing but the best.
But that was phony baloney bullshit.
What was the alcohol they're talking about?
No idea.
It wasn't Pink Whitney, so we ain't talking about it.
Daddy's jizz.
That was the creepiest thing you've ever said on this podcast.
If he hadn't said anything in a while, that was sickening.
I had the under.
Put it that way.
Me and Biz talked about it
before i mean i think they took uh really really really really bad advice they made some really
horrible decisions and and for anyone listening it's a prime example if you ever feel like you're
being slighted or not getting what you deserve at least have the sack to walk into your boss's
office or whoever may be involved and tell them what you think is fair
there might be some back and forth you might not even end up there but at least lay the cards on
the table be a straight up person look someone in the eye and tell them exactly what you think
you deserve the way the way they went about it is just that ain't that ain't being a responsible
adult that's being a fucking brat yeah i think anyone who listened to dave's take you know dave
doesn't lie dave calls
it like like it is and you could figure out what went on there i mean you know it's clear it's clear
what what went down and i i think there's not too many people on the other side rooting for them
folks but honestly biz when i thought for the first time during this whole quarantine time
that we might be in the matrix was in the official looney tunes account you know of bugs bunny fame
don't worry, Bastl.
I have this project.
I'm trying to get off the ground.
Let me know if you're interested.
Hashtag call her granny,
and it's the granny from the Bugs Bunny fucking episodes
from like 50 years ago.
I'm like, what fucking planet are we in?
Looney Tunes is tweeting at Bastl about a call her granny podcast.
It's like, what fucking world are we in right now? It's insanity her granny podcast it's like and fucking world are
we in right now it's insane yeah it's been it's been a pretty crazy week uh happy memorial day
weekend by the way i think already mentioned it earlier uh then what transpired is the fact that
you know dave's been hemorrhaging money in the stock market but he's trying to fuck every suit
uh known to man right now and sure enough the day he hits a million dollars in one day investing
was what, the next day after that podcast had come out?
So it was a good week for Dave, and unfortunately, he's lost a big podcast,
but he made it back up in the stock market.
Yeah, like he said, he's got more money than he can count.
A couple other notes before we get it over
to our buddy Colin Fraser.
Our pal Igor Aronko, our Russian
reporter friend biz, he got a new gig.
He tweeted out, now it's official.
I'm a new role assistant general
manager of KHL's
avant-garde. I think that's how you say it.
I'm a little older than John Chayka or
Kyle Dubas, but consider me a late bloomer. So congrats to our buddy Igor, who had a memorable appearance
or two on the show back in the day. Also, Boston defenseman Kevin Miller had yet another setback
and is basically trying to get back from being out for almost two years now. He had to get more
surgery on this knee issue he's had. Broke it twice, the kneecap. He's 32 years old, scheduled
to be unrestricted free agent this
summer. So even if hockey comes back, I'm not sure
we'll see Kevin Miller again.
But we just want to send best wishes to him. He's a great
kid. Absolute warrior out in the ice
for the bees. I've been a fan of his from
day one. So, Kev, feel better
out there, my man.
Going back to Igor, I mean,
I got to give that guy a hug. I still feel bad
about getting a little heated when he called my boy
Witt a liar, but I tell you what, he deserves the raise.
I would imagine he got one and the promotion.
And Igor, I wish you nothing but the best
and hopefully enjoying a nice glass of vodka celebrating your new job.
What's that Russian phrase before you do a shot?
Nestrovia? Is that what it is?
Yeah, I think that is it.
Nestrovia.
Before we get it over to Colin Fraser, we do want to send
congrats off to Alice Hemsky,
who officially retired
from hockey. He had 15 seasons
in the NHL, played 845
games. He was an oiler for 10 and a half seasons.
He last played in 2018.
Of course, he famously scored
on the Patrick Steffen miss-empty net goal that went back the other way. He's course he famously scored on the Patrick Stephan
miss empty net goal that went back the other way
he's the guy who scored on that goal what you were a teammate of his for a
few years what do you have to say oh man one of the most skilled players
in the league all the years he played and and what a
guy too what a teammate you talk to anyone who played with him
um a joy like to go to dinner with on the road. He loves having a couple beers.
And he didn't get enough credit for how hard he played. I know he battled some injuries,
but man, he would go to the hard areas. You'd see a lot of goals. He would burn a guy at
the blue line and then really beat that D wide, cut in front of the net, knowing he
was going to get hit. Just a super skilled player and somebody that unfortunately spent most of his
career on some on some bad edmonton teams but everyone who played with him knew how special
of a talent he was and he is uh one of my favorites hammer i uh i had the chance of
watching him quite a bit of course uh you know a divisional rival at that point because he used
to speed bag the oilers uh but unbelievable skilled player gordo says so many good things
about him off the ice likes to have a good time great teammate so congratulations on an amazing
career 15 years where did he go after edmonton do you go to dallas i think he went montreal maybe
first i don't know the exact route but he used he might have he might have used a junior stick
the stick was cut so short.
You could tell right away when you see him.
It could have been a junior.
Yeah, because he did three years in Dallas,
and then his last seven games with Montreal, the 2017-18 season.
I don't know if he got hurt or decided that was it.
And not to throw any shade on Edmonton Witt,
but I would have liked to have seen him during the peak of his career,
what he could have done on a team maybe with a little bit more because I think he went
underutilized. No offense, Oilers fans or Rick from Red Deer.
Hey, boys, our friends at DHM Detox have launched an awesome COVID give back initiative.
Right now, they're donating 50 of profits from Yacht Water to purchase meals for
single-parent families that have been impacted by the pandemic. There are lots of parents who have
lost their jobs and can't afford food for their families, so they're teaming up with the community
to help. Here's how it works. For every 10-pack box purchased, they will be donating up to three
meals to families in need, depending on the discount you choose. You can use codes for
Biz30 for 30 off, Biz20 for 20 off,
or no discount code to donate the most amount of meals.
All the details are on the website, dhmdetox.com,
and everything will be documented on the Instagram, at dhmdetox.
So far, they've raised funds for over 2,000 meals,
with the first donations having gone out yesterday in Vancouver.
For those of you that don't know,
DHM Detox is a vitamin for people who like to drink alcohol. If you hate crippling
hangovers or just like to enjoy a few drinks here and there, DHM Detox is your go-to drinking buddy.
Their company is built on the words, no days wasted, and the product helps boost your body's
natural response to alcohol so you can be yourself the next day. Just take a couple of capsules while
drinking and it goes to work.
It's time to start taking care of your body when you enjoy alcohol.
If you're hitting the virtual happy hour calls or having a few drinks at the end of the day,
now is your chance to get the product at a massive discount and also donate meals to
families that need our support.
It's a win-win.
Just go to dhmdetox.com to get up to 30 off your order and help a great cause.
Unbelievable read, R. read ra by the way uh my buddy nishal is the one who started that company uh originally used to work for tesla
started this thing love the product but what he's done since this has all happened is very cool how
he's been able to shift and help some people out so nishal very cool of you man and best of luck
and like i said i love the product guys and i mean you know what a better combo than that and pink whitney and we were talking about rick
from red deer ra and that kind of sparks up the the next guest here and what a special hour we
had with this guy yeah had a blast calling fraser love talking to him we were going into the interview
we weren't sure because he won definitely two cups but he was on a team that also won a cup.
So he tells the story.
It's actually a great, pretty cool story.
So I think we ought to send it over now, Biz.
Let's do it.
Folks, I feel a bit disrespectful at the fact that we haven't had this guy on already.
Right in my wheelhouse around that age group where I didn't even really need to study for this fucking episode.
A guy who, you know, he's a salt and pepper guy. He's a sandpaper finish guy. Ended up
winning, we're not sure, two or three Stanley Cups, depending on how you're going to answer
the question in the episode. We'll clear that up. We'll clear it up. But he has played for the LA
Kings organization, a modern day dynasty. Also the Chicago Blackhawks organization,
a modern day dynasty. Welcome to the Blackhawks organization, a modern day
dynasty. Welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast, Colin Frazier. Gentlemen, thanks for having me. I
got to say first off, what you've done here, unbelievable. I mean, you think about we're just
a bunch of dumb hockey players and I give you guys a lot of credit for guys that this takes a lot of work. Not that I'm a radio guy or a podcast guy, but it's a lot of work you guys do.
So I tip my hat to you guys.
Good job.
It's funny you mentioned that just a couple of dumb hockey guys all making something work
because my father actually said, he's like, can you stop saying on there that you're dumb
because I paid a lot of money to send you to school your whole life?
I'm like, oh, sorry.
I'm just being honest.
That's how the show runs.
Dad, figure it out.
That's how we roll, right?
Dumb hockey players.
But, yeah, I don't know.
You guys are smarter than you give yourselves credit for.
We got booze.
We got YouTube channels.
We got it all going on over here.
So, Frazel, you never got the answer.
Two or three times you've had your name on the cup.
Okay, so I'll clear it up.
On the cup, twice.
So I like to tell my son and his buddies that it's two and a half,
two and a half, because 2010, my name is on the cup.
2012, my name is on the cup.
2014, my name is not on the cup.
And as the story goes, you can only have so many, I don't know,
spaces, lettering, whatever.
I played 33 games.
I believe you have to play 41 and you're automatically on.
Or you have to play a game in the finals.
And I didn't either.
But round two.
Oh, man.
You were.
Let him finish.
So round two, we're playing Anaheim, and we call up Jeff Schultz.
Jeff Schultz played for Washington over 400 NHL games.
Really, really good defenseman.
Didn't play all year for us regular season,
but played like six, eight, ten games in the playoffs.
We don't win if we don't have Jeff Schultz fill the void
for the injuries we had.
And he got his name on the cup, and rightfully so, and I didn't.
So I say two and a half because I got a full playoff share.
I got a day with the cup.
I got everything else that comes along with it.
I just didn't get my name on the cup.
Well, here on the Spit and Chicklets podcast, we usually just hand those out.
So we're going to say three-time Stanley Cup champion.
We actually reward guys who don't get to 1,000 games around here
because we think it's selfish that they get the prize for the boys.
They get all chipped in for the watch.
So we reward the guys who stop short, like Markov at 990.
Well, I mean, I was lucky to get 300.
I said 1,000.
I didn't get 1,000 shifts in the league all along.
So I'm happy with where I got.
Three Stanley Cups, I rode a lot of coattails to get there,
and I'm happy these guys took me there.
Let's put it that way.
Hey, Fraz, man, us three combined I don't think have 1,000,
and look at all the friends we made, and you got three cups for us.
So great job. Well, pretending we have friends. I'm trying to still make new ones. I don't know. I don't think, have 1,000. And look at all the friends we made. And you got three cups for us. So great job.
Well, pretending we have friends.
I'm trying to still make new ones.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You guys let me on anyway.
Well, let's start all in the beginning.
I'll hand it over to R.A.
because I don't think he's actually asked anything yet.
No, I haven't, but that's quite all right.
First off, where are you holed up anyways?
I'm holed up in beautiful Sylvan Lake, Alberta.
It's just west of Red Deer, 20 minutes.
I played my junior hockey in Red Deer, met my wife, never left.
I'm originally from Surrey, BC.
It's right smack in the middle of Edmonton and Calgary.
So you got half Edmonton fans, half Calgary fans.
And if you've been to Canada, they have a great bar over it.
Say, have you ever met Rick, the infamous Rick from Red Deer?
He's a season ticket holder at the Red Deer Rebels, too.
I haven't met Rick.
I'm sure I have met Rick, actually.
Yeah, he drives some of the boosters to school and stuff.
It's crazy.
Rick is a guy that Witt describes as the guy in between, like you said,
Edmonton and Calgary, who is either rooting for both teams,
and every morning on the radio when they're talking about either team,
he's punching the steering wheel because he's that big of a hockey psychopath.
Yep, yep, that's what we say up here, right?
18,000 general managers sitting in the fans.
Okay.
When we played in Edmonton, it was trade Sheldon Surrey.
Well, you don't think they've tried to do that?
You don't think they've tried?
They don't want to pay him 5 million in Hershey's.
Hey, he's a fan of the show.
No, the best thing ever is it's listening to real-life callers.
And they, you know, they got to go get Sagan and get Hall with Sagan.
And what do you want to trade to the Bruins for Sagan?
I don't know, Fraser and Whitney?
It's like those deals don't work, guys. I know who you want to trade to the Bruins for Sagan? I don't know, Fraser and Whitney? It's like those deals don't work, guys.
I know who you want.
You can't get them in certain ways.
But are you still playing?
Are you done skating or what?
Oh, I'm done, man.
I finished in Nuremberg, Germany in 2015.
Long story short, I was only 31, but I lost my passion, man.
I played in the NHL.
Then I played, plugged away in the American League for a year.
And then I plugged away in Germany for three months and I didn't see Christmas.
And I hung them up and that was it.
It's not that I physically couldn't do it.
I just kind of just don't want to play anymore.
You guys know what kind of player I am.
I'm a full-on straight grinder.
And I thought I'd go to Germany and be some power play specialist.
And I was still a straight grinder and I thought I'd go to Germany and be some power play specialist and I
was still a straight grinder enough was enough of this I'll tell you Germany great country had
nothing to do with the league Prosty played and I heard I was listening to your guys episode the
other day with Prosty and same place like beautiful city guys like beautiful city love Germany just
didn't want to play hockey anymore that's okay
so i gotta ask you he was very hard on the refereeing what's your call it is i started
laughing when you when he's talking about it because it is the it is atrocious it's literally
atrocious it's our coach is a north american coach uh rob wilson coaches in peterborough now
great coach awesome coach and And he played hard.
He wanted us to play hard, but only for the first 40 minutes.
In the third period, it became this, nobody hit anybody.
You're not allowed to hit anybody anymore because you didn't want to take any penalty.
They'd call anything then.
Oh, it's crazy.
Oh, my goodness.
Clean hits.
It was crazy.
It's true.
100 true what he said.
You blow guys up, and they don't care.
They don't care.
They'll just, they'll call two penalties, five on three.
It doesn't matter.
Fraze, I want to go back to Red Deer for a second.
You had some characters on that squad.
Dion Phaneuf, Cam Ward, future, Conn Smythe winner,
but we got to ask about Colby Armstrong.
Was he as much of a character back then when you played with him
as he turned out to be when Biz and Whit played with him?
He was the best.
Absolute character.
He's exactly what he is on TV is who he is.
I mean, he's funny.
He's a jokester.
He's not a serious bone in his body.
You played with him, Whit?
No, in Wiltsburg?
Yeah, I played with him, and he rips on himself like nobody you've ever seen.
Well, that nose he's got there hey how can
you not rip on yourself you know beak you gotta get ahead of it yeah but he played hard you know
like he's uh he's a legendary red deer rebel for sure legendary well i'm glad ra brought it up i
guess we'll get into it right now like that would you describe red deer or at least at that time
the london knights of the west well yeah i mean they had they won the Mem Cup 2000 I wasn't there I came the year after
and we we lost in the finals to Kootenai who ended up winning they had Jared Stoll
uh Nigel Dawes must have been a rookie there right Nigel Dawes yeah yeah he would have won
as a 16 year old yeah uh. They had a really good team.
And then my second year we lost to Kelowna in the finals and they had Josh
Georges, Shea Weber, Duncan Keith.
I've heard of them.
Yeah. The list goes on. Like, and they picked up Duncan Keith.
He was at university of Michigan and they picked him up in like January.
And we were like, you fuckers. Here we go.
Perfect.
Neck and neck with these guys and they pick up Duncan Keith.
So we lost to them in the finals.
And then in my third year, we lost in the semifinals.
We had good teams.
It was a good run for four or five years there in Red Deer.
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, I looked at your first year there. I think seven guys from that team went on to play at least 100 games in the NHL.
Let's just like dive into it.
What made it such a winning environment?
You know, what was it ran like?
And just, I guess, dive into that.
Well, we had Brent Sutter was our coach who old school.
We all know the Sutter brothers.
We all know how they run.
And I personally, I like Brent.
I don't think I play in the NHL without Brent.
He runs a tight ship.
He, all business, but guys buy in.
But we had a lot of, guys just played hard.
And Dion Phaneuf, as a 16-year-old, was just smoking guys,
like putting them in the hospital, just drilling them.
And we had guys, we'd play like no mercy, like,
not your type of game with
i'm like cringing as you're describing this hockey like what are you talking about right now
we would we're like the number i don't know two three one ranked team all year and um we lost two
games back to back friday saturday both in overtime both at home and we were supposed to have a
rookie party saturday night and brent was just fuming so we had the rookie party anyway and
we had to come to the rink sunday morning for the 7 a.m bagger just hung over guys
um let's the number one ranked team in the country. No mercy, like you said. Dion Phaneuf, that underage year, I think he had close to 20 goals,
and he was fighting everyone.
I mean, he became probably the number one defensive prospect
for the draft for the next year.
Oh, he was so good.
When I say he'd kill people, like Scott Stevens guys,
like across the middle of the ice.
He was a 16-year-old player, but he was you know him biz like he doesn't man he gives
zero fucks man oh yeah anybody is and uh is that confidence and that arrogance is what made him
such a good player as a 16 year old he's running around like a 20 year old just chirping everybody
I thought at the beginning at least at the beginning like when i
first saw him playing the nhl his rookie year was incredible he his he had the quickest feet like he
would these quick quick crossovers and just light people up trying to cut to the middle you're like
this guy it's like he's 30 years old and he was 18 and 19 210 pounds as a 16-year-old. So does not lack confidence and didn't lack confidence as a 16-year-old.
Even then in junior, he's like that.
Oh, he's the same guy.
It has nothing to do with making 100 million.
He's like, he was the same guy from 15 years old right from through.
I don't expect that.
Hey, I played under 18 with him, and we went over to Europe,
and I don't think players there had ever seen someone hit that hard. And right i'm gonna throw over to you real quick after this when he hit him there
was this like thud where you could feel the person's soul leave their body like you could
just it's like a little ghost would go up to the and and some guys they were like never the same
you know they just got hit that hard and they got scared so sorry i rambled on there all right
that's all right i wanted to ask uh was college ever on the table for you?
Did you have any offers, or were you just going juniors the whole way?
You know what?
My dad always wanted me to go to college.
He kind of made a deal with me.
If I wasn't a first-round Bantam pick, he would have liked me to go to college.
But if it was  and I was.
I ended up going first-round to Red Deer, so it was kind of like
Not a big deal.
college was done.
But what's that?
Not a big deal.
No.
Yeah, right, right, right.
Well, there's a lot of guys drafted behind me that are still playing.
So there you go.
I was the early giant that was good at hockey because he was already six feet tall as a 12-year-old.
Everyone started catching up.
You're like, shit.
Literally, literally.
But I never really considered it.
No, I was from BC.
I was like a Camelot Blazers fan just from like the glory days in Camelot.
And I was like, I was hell bent on the Western League all day long.
No way fans of butts about it.
You were drafted by Philly.
What was it?
2003.
Is there a part of you that was bummed out you never actually got to play
for the Flyers given the history of the franchise and shit yeah it's kind of weird because um
i only went to one camp there i didn't really feel any ties there i didn't have any i didn't
set any roots down i didn't really know anybody um on draft day they picked uh mike richards uh
whatever it was 10th or 11th or 12th and then And then they picked Jeff Carter, 18th or 19th.
And then they didn't have a second rounder and they picked me, 69th.
And I said, fuck me.
Centerman, centerman, centerman.
I am hopefully the third line center someday.
There's no chance I'm playing on this team anytime soon
because these guys are unbelievable. I played,
I ended up playing like world juniors, whatever. I knew how good they were, but, um, I mean,
and their careers speak for themselves, but I, I was disappointed is the wrong word, but I,
I was new. I was going to have an uphill battle making that team. So, um, I got traded a year
later. I was riding the bus from Red Deer to Saskatoon and uh Brent Sutter's the only guy
with the cell phone it was like the big like Zach Morris like lip phone and it was Paul Omgram
called us uh called me on the bus on the way to Saskatoon and I traded uh to Chicago so it's kind
of like it wasn't a big deal it was just uh that's it moving on next yeah if you're if you're in the
minors or something it's so much different when you're playing junior like okay so tell me where to go when it's time
as long as my signing bonus is the same yeah i haven't signed yet i know you were on that world
junior team in north dakota i was of all time i was yeah yeah No shit. That team, we've talked to so many guys that have just said
they've never seen anything like that.
Well, we go back, summer camp.
Biz, did you go to the summer camp?
I don't know.
No chance.
No, for the World Junior Camp?
Yeah.
Yes, I did.
I went to that summer camp.
Me and Mike Egner almost fought, and then, I mean,
I don't think I should have been invited back for the Christmasmas one but i think that pretty much did me in because they
said no fighting and we almost square square off he was a tough fucker from the west wasn't he was
a tough fucker real i think he would have caved my face in to be honest i'm happy he had the
squirrely eyes where he'd like looked like he wanted to kill someone too yeah when the wires
cross like one of those where it's like oh it's like you're fighting a guy who's on coke at the
bar where you're like oh my god i could punch this guy square in the face
and nothing's gonna happen he's a machine he's the terminator at this point he was he was the
terminator he was uh he played in calgary right down the road but uh world juniors i don't know
if you remember this one biz but me me and dion fought at world juniors too and we were both
teammates red deer dion kept going after Sid and Sid was on,
on, uh, on my scrimmage team. So I went after Dion and I was on the bench and Dion like pulled me
like down the bench and out the gate, literally I'd be suspended 10, 10 games today. This is that
summer camp and me and him fought. This is the last scrimmage of the day. And, uh, Brent Sutter
was the coach. So he's our rebels coach. and he calls us up to the office after the game
and he's pretending to be mad.
You dumb bastards.
How does this look?
This is Red Deer Rebels and me and Dion start laughing.
And then Brent starts laughing.
He's like, you dumb Brits.
You know you can't fight at World Juniors.
You fuckers.
Cut the shit, you guys.
Yeah. So that's uh i don't know
we're stupid it goes to all the games changed like just stupid shit i don't know like just
kind of happened it wasn't planned it was just one of those dumb things that all kind of came
together dion's like why are you sticking up for your like fake teammate in this scrimmage
trying to be a hero in case i get in case i get traded pittsburgh he takes care of me like he did
the wit dog that's the mentality don't dion had though he wanted to go at the best and
and i respect him for it he made a lot of money because of it heck yeah he did you know what he
told me the other day he still thinks he can play and he says this is the perfect opportunity
because everybody's probably been boozing and hanging out so he's a little bit more old school
so he probably could just lace them up and bounce right in,
especially,
especially as he would say for playoff hockey,
he could throw those hits and maybe not get suspended 20 games.
Oh,
this guy's a legend.
Have you guys say,
God,
you got him on the show here.
No,
he says when he retired.
So I've been trying to rush him to retire and he's,
I think he's still hanging on.
That's why he might come back for,
for playoffs.
I mean,
there's 20, 24 teams that could swoop him up might have to be a double episode in honor of the double
dion legit yeah that's nice well biz remember at u18s when uh dion biz was the only guy still
sporting wood sticks at the time it was kind of in that wood stick changing over to Synergy, and everyone had Synergy except Biz.
Yeah.
So I could get the sword.
Biz sold his.
I have commitment issues in every other area of my life
except for my wood fucking twigs.
No, he sold his Synergy and bought some FUBU clothing,
and then he got some cheap wooden Sherwoods for free.
So Dion takes all his sticks
and this is at U18s.
There's 300 people in the stands and 250
of them are scouts and Dion cuts all his
sticks.
By the time we were in Europe
ready to play games, I had like three wood
sticks left.
And he cut them all.
So Fizz goes out for practice
and every stick breaks
because they've all been cut.
Fizz, how have you ever told us this story?
I told it about when we got over there in the first practice.
We were wheeling around, and it happened.
But here's the funniest part about it was I think when it all ended,
I had two sticks left, okay?
And he'd given one away to someone.
I'm like, now I only got one left.
And then as the bus was pulling away from the r rink in piersjani slovakia he's like hey biz is that your stick
and he'd given it away to another kid out out there and he was waving goodbye so i went back
with no fucking sticks because of double d on and i showed up with 12 fucking wood sticks for a two
week tournament that son of a bitch and for a big tournament like
we want to we want to make the nhl here not biz doesn't have any sticks dude i was the clown i
was getting clowned and like you said i appreciate you having my back on this one i should be more
upset at dion i should go after him for some of my signing bonus because maybe i lost a little
bit there yeah he's got enough doesn't he he is funny I know I know some
people just because of his time in Toronto but I felt that his time in Toronto you should respect
him even more because he was taking it on the chin there for the whole team at the time and and I love
him I think he's a guy who will a lot of people will change their opinions on him once we get him
on our podcast he's great he's great uh I spent four years with him in Red Deer. We laughed a lot.
He's married to Alicia Cuthbert, and he used to watch the movie.
What's the movie?
She was in The Neighborhood.
She's not in my league?
No.
No, no.
I know which one you're talking about.
Girl Next Door.
Girl Next Door, yeah.
This guy was in love with her before he even met her,
and then he meets her and he marries her. There go it was like meant to be iconic iconic figured it out
hey so when you got traded and then turned pro what a guy to go with in vandermeer huh
and he was wasn't he on the red deer rebels uh you i didn't play with him he's a little bit older
me but yeah okay they got all the brother i played with the younger brother ted uh there's five there's five of them they're calling can i hop in we got in we got
peed on recently oh he'd have some good stories oh yes he did he i bet you he didn't tell you the
story when i went when i fought him and beat the piss out of him in uh san antonio i'm just joking
i didn't beat him up i I was like, did you really?
He lives around me, so every time I see him, I say, Pete,
remember that time when I beat the shit out of you in San Antonio?
Well, Fraze, you're going after him, so you have last say.
You can say whatever the fuck you want.
Yeah, exactly.
He'll be knocking on my door here any minute just to redo it.
He was  Pete, he's tough as hell,
and I just wanted to pretend I was a hero and get my name out.
Did you square off with him?
No, fuck no, God.
No, no, God.
I was going to say, you're crazy.
No, no, no.
I didn't do that.
I just kind of went after him at the benches.
He kind of slapped me around and threw me in the bench.
And then he came in the locker room after.
He said, what the fuck are you doing?
I don't know.
I'm trying to be a hero.
Trying to get out of the minors?
Exactly.
Make it look good.
Fraze, before you did get called up to Chicago,
the couple guys you play with, a couple characters,
James Wisniewski and Dustin Buff,
what I want to ask about Buff,
obviously him and Winnipeg just potted ways.
Were you surprised by any of what went down,
knowing Buff and how he kind of marches to the beat of his own drummer?
He definitely marches to the beat.
Buff's like the happy-go-lucky, nicest human being you'll ever meet
in your entire life.
Like, he is the best prankster, jokester, no bad days,
one of the best guys you'll ever meet.
Never in a bad mood?
Never in a bad mood.
Like, the guy makes 7 million.
He's just hopping around.
Even in the minors, when he's making 50,'s making 50 grand he's hopping around like it doesn't matter he's just
happy guy he's happy to be there he just wants to hang out the guys he wants to drink beers he's
like old school throwback guy uh pulls up with a groin pull every summer camp in chicago somehow
randomly would get injured every camp so he wouldn't have to do the workouts but uh one of
those guys who can kind of get away with anything he wanted because he's so good um as far as the
situation winnipeg i don't i don't really know what happened but i mean clearly he he just doesn't
want to play anymore i think he just uh he's the kind of guy he leaves he made enough money what
more does he need ross i think i think that that's another guy who could probably lace him up
right after this break right now and just step right in.
I can't imagine his off-season training was ever that elusive.
He's licking his chops right now for a comeback.
He's like, now we're at an even playing field, bitches.
Let's go.
Yeah, yeah.
He's just an athletic guy.
I mean, he's just an athlete.
He's an athlete, bottom line.
So it doesn't surprise you at all that he just essentially walked away
from 14 million?
Yeah, I mean, no.
Well, it surprises me.
I mean, it's not something that I think he would  I knew he'd do,
but at the same time, he just didn't want to play.
So he's not the type of guy that's going to gut it out.
He doesn't need the 14 million.
So he can fire something my way if he'd like to, but.
Yeah, Bob, shoot it over to Sylvan Lake.
Right?
Hey, I'm wondering, it was three full years in the minors,
and then like your time came.
Going into that training camp, your fourth year pro,
was that like, I'm making this team, no doubt?
Or were you still like, I don't know, man man this tough roster crack uh a little bit of both and i say both because
now when you go to camps now salary cap yada yada they have their 13 forward 7d like it's hard to
crack that team like generally speaking they have the roster set uh we had three open spots it was just the hawks
if you remember were brutal and they were just starting around the curve it was i don't know
2007 taves and cane are there um patrick sharps there they got duncan keith they got brent seabrook
all like as rookies or maybe their second or third year and they're just starting around the curve. So I was, I was hell bent on making the team because I knew the spots were open.
I was not penciled in.
There's no way I was just a meat potatoes guy,
man.
And I,
I just went into camp with kind of this,
I don't give a fuck attitude and I'm going to leave it all out on the ice.
And I fought every single scrimmage.
I fought every game.
And if you guys have ever youtube me
i've never won a fight i've ever been in or the club join the club baby but the checks still cash
don't that you hit it on the head i always had this theory like when they're on the airplane
when i say they coach's management whoever they read my name even though i got my ass kicked they
read my name like this was my my ass kicked they read my name like
this was my theory like oh the fans are going through the score sheet better than having the
zero zero zero zero shots on net zero face-offs zero hits zero block shots at least there's a
five mixed in there so it kind of grabs your attention yeah you say a guy who played i don't
know 10 minutes didn't do anything you say oh you remember him and everyone says no and then you say a guy who played, I don't know, 10 minutes, didn't do anything. You say, oh, you remember him?
And everyone says no.
And then you say, oh, well, he was the guy who got in that fight.
And they're like, oh, yeah, yeah, I remember that.
That was crazy.
He got the shit kicked out of him, but that was awesome.
Right.
That was my theory.
I mean, so I don't know.
I fought Ian LePeriere, probably toughest guy I ever fought.
Oh, wow.
I wouldn't fight Biz, but I fought middleweight guys.
I don't know.
I was first game in Madison Square Garden but I fought middleweight guys. I don't know.
I was first game in Madison Square Garden.
I fought Ryan Callahan, who's not a fighter, but I mean, it was MSG. I thought I was living the good life here as a 23-year-old
in Madison Square Garden.
That's sick.
That's why I feel like people coming out of Red Deer around that time
and probably still do is even though you were probably at the time you left the first line center you were playing the full 200 foot
game so for you to go adapt to to play in that role wasn't necessarily the biggest shift you just
kind of had to add more the fight in your bag maybe a few more block shots in there and and
carve out the more meat and potato side well that's and we touched on the world juniors but
that's the only reason i made the team was filling a role so in my head i knew i wasn't a top six player
but i had these bottom six intangibles that could make me a player um fighting being one of them and
it wasn't about winning the fight or being tough it was more about just i guess adding it to my
game so um it's not something i scared to do It's not something that, I don't know,
it wasn't that big of a problem for me to do it.
I pick my spots and I try to choose wisely.
But, guys, I'm meat and potatoes, man.
Anything I do is full throttle.
So if we're having beers, we're having 100.
And if we're golfing, I'm all in.
And if we're playing hockey, I got one gear.
That's fucking hard.
That's it.
Just do it.
So that's all I know. Put on my fucking hard. That's it. Daughters do it. So that's all I know.
Put it on my tombstone.
That's it.
You had Joe Quenville in Chicago with the Blackhawks.
What kind of effect did he have not only on your career
but also on you as a person?
I've heard a lot.
You know, he has a very close with a lot of his players.
Yeah, Q is the  he's probably the best coach really ever and I say that because he
um he felt as a fourth line guy when you feel like you're just kind of taking up a roster spot
sometimes and just eating minutes to give the top guys a rest uh Q always he just I don't know he
had a good way of managing his bench and making everybody's role feel important.
The best thing he did is his bench management is outstanding.
It wasn't so much as line matching.
It was like as a fourth line guy, if you're having a night, he lets you run.
You play 15 minutes and it'll be two minutes left in the game.
It'll be a 2-1 game and he'll put you out there.
If you're not having a game, then you only play six minutes and that's it he doesn't say anything to you he doesn't need to
say anything to you you just know where you stand so um i respect him for that reason uh as a fourth
line guy just giving me the opportunity to play and when you're playing well you get rewarded
i love this stuff because i knew you'd be able to, like,
give us a deeper dive in all these personalities.
I mean, let's talk about the big boys.
Like, you're seeing Taves and Kane just bring it to a different level.
I mean, the one thing that these top players, Taves, Kane,
the L.A. guys that played with, you know, Dewey and Kopitar
and these guys, they're like, their competitiveness, like, is through the roof. You guys have played with you know dewey and kopitar and these guys they're like their competitiveness
like is through the roof you guys have played at these shane doan or crosby whoever like they want
to be the best every single day like watch patrick kane now he's 30 was he 33 or 32 years old and
he's still like every game like give me the puck give me the puck give me the puck i'm the best i'm
the best i'm the best and it's like you never lose this fire like there's
something in them that is like you can't teach that stuff they just have it and uh consider
myself lucky to have the front row seat to watch these guys i mean some of the goals they scored
quenville would be on the bench and taser would undress three guys and he'd be like nhl baby i swear to god that's awesome
like he loved it he loved it as much as anyone else loved it he'd be like oh baby in the middle
we were winning every game though so it's like pretty easy to be like that nobody loves winning
more than i do and he'd be down the hallway after we win. He'd be fist bumping all the boys. Hey, baby!
Everybody loves winning.
This sounds so fun.
You get back to the room and find out he hit a big horse
race he was listening to on the side the whole
time. We were
playing Vancouver in
round
two. It must have been 2010.
Kentucky Derby's going on, right?
April, right?
Maybe May?
I don't even know.
First Saturday of May.
Yeah.
So he's into horses.
I don't know.
I'm not into horses, so I can't explain it. But you can hear him in the back room because he hit whatever he bet.
Oh, run, you bastard, run.
And then he comes in for the pregame warm-up or the pregame speech.
Like nothing happened.
All right, watch PXO, watch Burroughs, make sure we have a good game here.
He was the best, man.
We loved him.
Love him.
Shit.
I want to go to game six of the cup that year.
Did you know Kane scored right away, or were you mystified like everybody else?
Mystified because I was the pigeon, so to speak, that wasn't in the game.
And I was putting my gear on in the dressing room.
I was a 14th forward.
I knew my role well, boys.
I knew my role well.
Wait, so you guys make sure you're not seen, though?
You're like, oh, I'm in a big dress.
Yeah, it was crazy.
So we're up.
I don't remember the score whatever it was
three two we're up a goal anyway and it's third period and there's me and uh burrish brian bickle
few of the black aces and we're like hey let's go put our gear on so we go in the room we start
getting our gear on we're half dressed and philly scores late to tie it like six minutes left in the
game to tie it and we're like mother fucker all the guys
we're gonna jinx it all the guys are gonna see us in our gear well the game goes to overtime
and we duck into like the little massage room in philly it's like a little closet across from the
training room and we had it set up as the massage room we're like hiding in there and then we're
like fuck what if they score in overtime and we got to take all our gear off and just feel like this complete loser.
And like we jinxed it for all the guys.
So we're watching on like a little tiny TV screen in the dressing room
and Kaner scores or we didn't know if it went in.
We ran out to the bench and we stop at the bench.
And same thing, we're like, do we go on the ice? Do we not go on the ice?
Cause if it's not a goal,
I don't want to be picking all my shit up and escape back into the dressing
room.
They get a penalty cause you're out there and you're not on the roster.
Exactly. So, so we went, we were like, fuck it.
And we just went out there and celebrated with the guys.
They're like, thank God it was in.
Cause I would have felt like a real big donkey
if I had to skate back off the ice and down the hallway and back into the room.
What do you remember about Chicago after that title?
Just the crowd, and that was when people really started learning
about how crazy the anthem was because they hadn't been good for such a long time.
It was just fun to watch the Blackhawks.
They had these young studs,
young team.
And then I remember your celebrations being crazy.
And maybe that's because like right when social media was getting big
Twitter and stuff,
but that must've been the craziest couple of weeks of your life.
It was,
it was crazy,
crazier for the single guys.
My wife was pregnant with our first,
so it wasn't that crazy
for me. They're like, loser. But you could literally do whatever you wanted. And it was
like, we didn't know how it was going to go either. So it was like, day one, it's let's go rocket bar and grill. And the cup shows up.
And it's instantly a sea of people.
It's like, I don't know, 1 o'clock in the afternoon on a Tuesday.
I don't know what day it was.
And it was slammed like it was Saturday night, 3 in the morning.
It was crazy.
And we had like a limo bus.
And the police would like police escort us.
And then they'd rope off like caution tape so we
could get in and out of the bar so we just went like bar to bar to bar well pretty soon this limo
bus had 500 000 fucking people in this thing people tase are sitting on the roof and people
are like god's Jonathan Taves and he's on the roof of the limo bus going from bar to bar it was just like we didn't pay for anything for
the whole time there's nothing it was like everything is free um we'd have jokes we go
to the rink in the morning like free starbucks today free uh whatever aw whatever you're fucking
eating for breakfast like everything was free you never paid for anything it was just like oh no
you're a hawk oh you're a hawk was anything you wanted to do i had this officer officer tom baker
on uh speed dot not speed dot but you text him at three in the morning where are you oh we're
at underground okay i'll be right there and he'll come into the bar and he'll find you and he'll
take you home and you're flipping the lights on you're chirping people through the the microphone
it was no holds barred, man.
Anything you wanted.
Help you bury a few bodies, you know, per usual.
Another Saturday night in Chicago.
Oh, my goodness.
Going back to Kane for a second,
is he the most skilled teammate you've ever had at any level?
Yeah, for sure.
For sure.
And I touched on it earlier, like competitiveness, like not,
you don't have to be a super competitive guy. You don't have to run people through the building and
you don't have to fight and you don't have to body check, but he just is competitive in the
sense he wants the pocket. He wants to be the guy and he's a big game player and he plays his best
games in big games, OT winners ot winners hat tricks clinching games
um skilled smart name it competitive i mean he's a special player one of the best really
i mean boys have we pretty much covered everything there is to cover about chicago because we still
have a lot to touch on with la is there anything that you want to talk about Chicago specifically?
Well, I don't know. I, I best city in a, if, if you guys, Oh yeah.
I'm on that train. Yeah. If there's, um, if you're a free agent and you,
you want to sign in a city, I mean,
the organization is they treat you so good.
They give you any resource possible, uh, to give yourself a chance to be a player.
I mean,
their American league team gets treated like the NHL.
So it's it's the best organization in sports,
the model organization.
And I feel lucky to have been a part of it.
Really.
Some people forget you spent a year in Edmonton.
Now we've talked to some guys from that area.
Well, I was going to say some guys essentially going back home.
It's not usually a good story.
There's more pressure added to it.
More people ringing up their phone for tickets all the time.
And, you know, they can't wait to get the fuck out.
Yeah.
I mean, it's just like I was excited at first, to be honest with you.
I was like, okay, Stanley Cup, didn't play a lot,
didn't play in the playoffs. I'm going to Edmonton, worst team in with you. I was like, okay, Stanley Cup, didn't play a lot, didn't play in the playoffs.
I'm going to Edmonton, worst team in the league.
I'm going to play more.
No, opposite.
Played less.
Could barely get on the ice, man.
It was unbelievable.
Right from the start, it was just such a long season.
Fourth and a half line from the first day of camp.
Literally.
Whatever.
I know my ability, and I know the type of player i am but
i'm like just begging for a chance really just give me an opportunity you know it's like me
fraz that you show up and you'd have a different color jersey than absolutely everyone and that's
not a good sign yep nope or or i don't know if this happened to you biz but i always knew if i
wasn't playing because the assistant coaches wouldn't say good morning to me so i'd always
be like oh i'm out tonight what do you mean i didn't get a good morning to me. So I'd always be like, oh, I'm out tonight. What do you mean?
I didn't get a good morning today.
He feels bad.
He feels bad or he just doesn't even want to look and deal with me.
You know, when they would come say hi to you though and good morning
was right before your bag skate once everyone left the ice.
Hey, where are you going, Fraz?
The after practice practice.
Oh boy, here we go again.
The only time those are good is black aces in the,
in the,
in the,
on the cup runs.
That's the only time it's fun.
Yeah,
that's fair.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The,
but what you,
we're the,
I mean,
we're a 30th,
30th place by a landslide.
Yeah.
That was tough sledding,
man.
Oh my God.
Any good player we had was hurt.
We were dressed in an american team by the end
there were some games and remember that was the wasn't that the season halls he got his face
stepped on too by potsy and it was just it was a disaster it was you guys did have linus omar
though that was the highlight of the season doing spin spin. Doing spin-o-ramas.
Remember when T. Rennie, Tom, came in and did the spin-o-rama
after he did that?
It was on oil change.
Go check out oil change, anyone.
Is that what it's called?
That'll sum it up for you.
Oh, oil change is some of the most incredible viewing.
I mean, you're following around a dead last place team in the league.
And it was Hall, Eberle, and then
Magnus by Harvey who
was kind of with them as the
three studs. Then right away you could tell he wasn't
the same player.
It was ugly.
I was lighting it up, mind you. I was
having the season of my life.
He was on fire early.
Heavy on fire.
On fire.
Then boom, ankle went out.
Never the same.
You know how it is.
Passion goes away after the body for me, Fraz.
There has to be some positives, though.
That was a young, fun team.
I'm sure you guys had some good times, at least off the ice.
Yeah, well, I mean, those guys would have stories all the time.
18 years old in Edmonton, Hall and Ebbs.
I mean, they were legendary.
They had more fun than me.
I thought it was such a great group of guys, though.
Like, I don't know.
I had a blast.
I love Hemsky.
He's so quiet but funny, dude.
Great to have beers with.
I mean, Penner cracked me up.
It was just you were with Pens later on.
It was a fun team that you just wish you could have been good with.
What about Laddie Smeed?
Have you had Laddie Smeed on the show yet?
No, he said he'd come on too.
How great would he be?
You're such pussy.
You're such pussy.
You are oldest young guy I know.
Oldest young guy I know.
That's what he said.
You won't have beers with us?
You fucking pussy, friends.
You're such pussy.
My wife gave birth to our first son.
I had this newborn baby.
He's like, why you not come for beers? You're such pussy. My wife gave birth to our first son. I had this newborn baby. He's like, why you not come for beers?
You're such pussy.
This is unbelievable.
You're like, I'm responsible for another human being now.
You do his voice perfectly.
That's hilarious.
Sat beside him all year.
Fucking bullshit.
You such pussy.
Fraser, I wanted to ask. You played for Brent early in your career. Well bullshit. You such pussy. Fraze, I wanted to ask, you played
for Brent early in your career.
Well, up in Red Deer. Then you played for
Daryl Sutter in LA. Did playing for Brent
prepare you for Daryl in any way or are they
completely different? No, they're very
similar. Very, very similar. Very
workmanlike.
The best thing about
them is it's black
or it's white. Here's where you stand,
whether you like it or not. This is our four check. This is our neutral zone. You're playing,
you're not playing, whatever it is. There's none of this, uh, well, in this situation,
you're going to do this, but in this situation, you got to do that. It's like, this is what we're
doing. And, um, the best thing about Daryl is he treated everyone equally. So it didn't matter
if he made 12 million bucks or 1200 bucks. It's everyone's treated the same. And if you're not
playing, he'll ride you and he'll let you know that you're not playing. So I guess, I mean,
I don't know if guys like that, but I give him credit because it didn't matter to him who you
were. Well, since we're on the subject, didn't he have an area of the bench
he called Millionaire's Row or something?
The best.
Hey, Colby, why don't you come take a seat down Millionaire's Row?
It's like Mike Richards, Jeff Carter, Dustin Brown.
Drew Downey.
Hey, Dewey, you want me to get Jerome's autograph?
I can get it after the game for you.
Shit like that.
I don't know. They would all
laugh too. We'd be all sitting there laughing
and then I'd laugh because I'd actually get to play
a little bit more. So he'd double
shift. Everyone's having a good time.
Oh, unbelievable. He'd be like
me, Jordan Nolan, and Kyle Clifford.
Go. Go.
It's a power play. Go. Go. Go. It's a power play. Go.
Go.
Okay.
Going on the power play here.
What do you think the most minutes you played an NHL game was?
If I had maybe 15.
If I had to guess, I don't even know.
I would have had a heart attack.
That wasn't very often.
I would have had a heart attack.
Yeah.
I played 11 in Edmonton one night, two assists, second star.
How are you?
I couldn't even get out of bed the next morning.
I don't know how guys were doing it at 20 minutes a night.
I don't understand it.
They weren't light at both ends after every game.
Yeah, that's true.
Or to bring it even further, I mean, since we're in LA talk, Drew Doughty.
What the fuck?
That guy's a farm animal.
Yeah.
Ultimate competitor, man. I don't know know he's just so good name it what does he do that's not good he does everything so good
um what do you what do you make of all this battle of alberta him and kachuk going at it and all that
isn't it nice to see this stuff yes i love it yeah we talk about how great it was when that
was all going down and
the lead up to the next game it's the best and it's so it's so rare now it's missing and it's
and is it really hatred i wouldn't even call it hatred it's just two guys that are
very very good players very very competitive guys both saying screw you i'm better than you
no fuck you i'm better than you so it's like it's
nice to see like I bet you if those guys met they'd go for a beer and they'd laugh their asses
off like it's not a big deal um I love the story I think uh Dewey's pretty funny right like he just
kind of chirps they both kind of chirp each other um I don't know Dewey's like such a good player I
mean what can you say about him? He's just does everything right.
And he's not even a guy that's like a super fitness freak or a guy that has to
be crazy. But when the game is on, he is on. That's all there is to it.
I got to ask you a quick story about him.
Did he, when Sutter came in the room one time and he was given a pregame speech,
didn't he just rip the biggest fart like bare ass?
Were you in the room for that one?
I don't remember, but I wouldn't put it past him.
In the middle of talking, and Dewey's bent over, bare ass.
And Sutter didn't say a fucking word, man.
Like MJ shit.
Dewey and Sutter had't say a fucking word, man. Like, MJ shit. Do whatever you want.
Do it, Sutter.
Had a good relationship.
That might have been a made-up story in my head, but we're sticking to it.
No, I like it.
We're going with it.
Yeah.
Well, we're in the finals, 2012.
And, you know, like, in our room, there's, like, all these cords,
and there's, like, headphones on the floor for, like, TV or radio or whatever. And you can hear the guy through the headphones, whoever's like all these cords and there's like headphones on the floor for like TV or radio or whatever.
And you can hear the guy through the headphones, whoever's in the truck, like check, check, check.
It's in our meeting.
And Daryl's fucking snapping and he goes over there and he rips all the cords out of the wall.
But you can still hear the Stanley Cup finals, guys.
You can still hear the guy through the headphones like,
check, check, check.
And then our assistant coach goes over and there's like a knob on it and he like turns the phone down.
The best.
We're all dying.
We're crying laughing.
It was awesome.
Oh, man.
Oh, my goodness.
That's the shit that makes this podcast so freaking awesome oh
who would have ever known that ripping walls out of wires out of wall it does absolutely nothing
but it got the boys going didn't it what's oh it was awesome man we were like oh that's funny
shit i would pay to watch that guy go turn the knob down right now and be there live in the room.
Just turns it right down.
We're all good.
Everything's good.
Hey, Fraz, I feel like you and Scud must have got along pretty well.
Yeah, Scud, he likes his beers.
Oh, he loves his beers.
He would  Scud, what did you have for pregame meal today?
Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, boys.
He's got four kids.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
I don't need peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for pregame meal.
Fraze, do you think Andrzej Kopitar might be one of the more
underappreciated players in the league?
Not so much underrated, but underappreciated.
What's he going to say here?
No.
This guy's like the fucking
I like the question, all right.
I like the
I mean, let's hear how he answers it.
I like how he emphasized underappreciated.
He already said he was one of the best players he ever played with.
He's every bit as good for me as  name your Selkies.
So name your Bergerons, your Tabes, your Kesslers,
whoever's up for the Selkie every year.
If Kopi's in Chicago, LA, or sorry, Chicago, New York,
name your market, Montreal, Toronto,
we talk about him for a Selkie every single year.
He's like the ultimate two-way centerman.
He could have 100 points a year,
but he only gets 70 because he doesn't cheat.
He's wholesome
down to earth normal nice good guy like that's it the best he's every bit as good as those guys for
me having played with him uh brings it every night um doesn't get enough uh recognition so that's me
thank you fucking rates all right i like that like that. I wanted to hear more.
I don't mind the stroke-off sessions.
Who else do you want to stroke off?
Who do we got, Tariq?
Ah, God, plenty of guys on that team.
I'll give you one more.
Jonathan Quick?
Oh, my goodness.
I don't know if he's ever  has he won a Vesna?
I'm not sure.
But for a big game goal  like if I've got money on the line
and it's a game seven, like he's my guy all day long
because he plays his best games in big games.
And we're like, if you have that guy in your net,
like he's the huge, maybe the biggest reason why LA was to be
as successful as we were.
Cause I mean, there's no worries with that guy in the net. No problem.
He's got it. Not a, not a worry in the world. He's so, so good.
Doesn't have bad days, bad games.
Yeah. He was on fire that year. You won the cup. Now does that,
does that have a ripple effect on the team?
Does the team get cocky when the goalie's that good?
Or do you try to keep that in check?
Well, I think it's just that confidence.
Like, you just feel like you can just play, and it doesn't matter.
You make your mistakes.
You know he's got your back.
Like, in the playoffs, 2012 playoffs, even 14,
he's just, like, through the roof good.
Like, 40 saves a night.
It didn't matter.
We're having a good night, bad game.
It doesn't matter.
We know Quickie's playing good.
And doing the pigeon skates, during the regular season,
when he had a day off, this guy would stay on for the pigeon skate.
And Billy Ramford, our goalie coach, would be like,
hey, Quickie, you can go.
And he'd be like, no.
And he'd take the shots for us because we'd always have to do it
on an empty net.
And it was like I always had so much respect for him
just because he does not have to be out there. empty net and it was like i always had so much respect for him just
because he does not have to be out there he plays 65 games a year and here he is taking shots from
the 13th forward and the 17th man just because he's a a nice guy really so um we touched on the
close-knit group in in chicago i mean it was to a different level especially during your excuse me
your first run
where rumor has it you guys were going out partying like you wanted
after every fucking round.
Yeah, Athletic did a story on the pony, the pony, the bar we'd go to.
It's true, 100 true.
Everything in there is true.
And how it came to be, Seabrook struck up a friendship with the manager,
and that was like our spot where it became the fans knew where we,
we went there,
but at the time they didn't.
And we'd go there regularly.
Yeah.
They just closed the curtains.
The police would stick their nose in there and,
yeah,
you guys are good.
We'd be grilling up grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup in the
kitchen.
Like,
and it was,
it wasn't just like party guys. It was wives. It was
girlfriends. It was the whole group and the single guys. And it was a big reason why we were as good
as we were because we were like, it sounds cliche, but we really were this tight knit group. We
really were. Like the single guys were friends with my wife who was friends with him. And it
was like, there's none of this clicky, like crazy bullshit.
It was just like, this is who we are.
And we all get to hang out and we're all still friends today.
Like really a lot of us are.
Well, dude, we can't thank you enough for coming on.
I think it's pretty clear when you, when you,
when you listen to this, why you were one of those glue guys and congrats
on all the success in your career, man.
This was long time coming.
So thank you.
Thank you.
We're actually about to talk to your boy, Boland.
Yeah, you guys played a shitload together, huh?
What do you got on him for us?
Bully's a rat, and his name is The Rat, and he is a rat.
It's true.
I don't know.
He's like, he didn't fight, but he played, I don't know,
outside the rules a little bit never
got caught for it kind of thing if that makes sense like cory perry yeah yeah yeah the worm i
heard you guys talking about him i always trip both london knights too what do you go figure
pairs just score 50 goals and make 10 million like why do you got to do the other bullshit
with it like just like i'm just out here trying to make because if we because if he didn't we'd have nothing to talk about yeah um
listen we got to get you back on at some point man you're a legend thank you so much this is
right up our alley um and we still got to talk about like justin williams we didn't talk about
richards and in la at all so you have an open invite to come back on pal we can uh we can keep going uh the uh
yeah we can keep going any day of the week really i love story time with the boys
okay we'll get you back on man you're the best all right boys thank you thanks so much phrase
big thanks to phrase for joining us man that like i said biz that hour flew by it was good stuff
hopefully you folks enjoyed it as well i got a note here from our buddy timmy stapleton this year the sandbagger
invitation was brought to you by boikies it's b-o-i-k-e-y-s boikies makes the most delicious
air-dried beef called biltong think of a healthier version of jerky with 30 percent more protein
boikies biltong is often compared to a tender and flavorful slice of
high-end prosciutto. With ingredients
that you can pronounce, like red wine vinegar,
toasted coriander, rosemary,
and salt and pepper, Boikies
Biltong is a snack you can count on
to fill you up and not bring you down.
Made in the U.S. with USDA
bottom-round beef, Boikies takes pride
in making the most portable,
high-prote protein power snack.
Think of each 2 ounce package as a perfectly
seasoned 5 ounce steak.
The only preservatives they use are vinegar and salt
and compared to most jerky, Biltong
contains half the sodium and zero sugar.
You can buy Boykis
Biltong on their site at
www.boikeys.com
That's Boyikeys.
And you can go to Amazon as well.
Use the code biz20 at checkout for 20 off your first order
and follow them on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter at eatboikeys.
I know you love the high-pitched Boikeys there.
Boikeys.
I did that voice in the ECHL Player Relief Fund videos,
which they sponsored as well.
So thank you to Timmy Stapleton.
I said, hey, send over a read.
He sends me the sandbagger one.
So he's getting a little lazy on us.
Amazing product.
We tried it when we were actually doing the first sandbagger
when we were in Texas there, Whit.
Very healthy.
I don't want to rip on beef jerky,
but I like this built tongue better.
And like I said, less consequences on the body.
Dude, we house about five boxes of it every time we get together on the road.
It's definitely good stuff.
And of course, you're helping out a buddy of ours.
Everybody knows Stage.
Probably the funniest show we've ever done.
So if you like Biltong, well, it's not jerky.
It's Biltong.
Check it out.
It's good stuff.
Since our last episode, we saw the last two parts of The Last Dance on ESPN,
the Michael Jordan last season documentary.
I thought it was pretty good overall.
I don't think it was the best documentary ever.
It was fun to watch.
I'd probably watch a couple more hours.
But at the end of the day, it was still an MJ production,
so they weren't going to make him look all that bad.
Horace Grant had already come out and said he called bullshit on some of it.
He said some of it was just fucking fake and outright lies but that's what happens when the guy who's
you know the the subject of it is making it but overall i give it probably a solid b probably a
b plus what do you got wet i i enjoyed it yeah i i do agree that uh would have been a little
different if it was a you know an unbiased party that that is is doing the entire
production like i bet you jordan was the one that went on and said horace grant told that reporter
everything in one of the uh in one of the episodes that's probably where he's like no i didn't and
jordan is so adamant that he's imagine trying to convince michael jordan that he's a stubborn guy
yeah like he's probably no horace Horace did it. So who knows?
The thing that I took away, I had two things.
I had no idea at the end of game six, you know, the game they won,
the last dance, I didn't realize he drove the net,
made it a one-point game.
They were down three.
And he steals it from Malone.
Then he goes up court and buries the winner.
What an insane, like, minute or however much time ran off the clock there.
And the other thing was Steve Kerr's father being murdered.
I had no idea.
Did you know that already?
Yeah, yeah, I knew that.
Holy shit.
That was just like some of the most intense viewing
and what he went through and how he didn't miss a game, I think, at college.
And just a crazy
story and it was it was I'm not gonna say funny but it was interesting because I think they asked
her if he ever talked if Michael and him ever talked about both their fathers being being
murdered and he said no so yeah I enjoyed it for sure especially right now and I don't think it was
like the best documentary of all time yeah he he had that sorry there's that preemptive statement oh you're gonna you're not gonna like me after you watch this I think it was like the best documentary of all time. Yeah, he had that, sorry, that preemptive statement,
you're not going to like me after you watch this.
I think he was saying that just so people would fucking think
it was going to be worse or something because, you know,
it was almost like house cleaning for him, a housekeeping for him.
It made him look better, I think, more so than worse.
Yeah, but I think that that was, none of that making him look better wasn't true.
I mean, it reminded everyone about what this guy did.
Grant, I've never been a basketball fan.
I didn't really understand the depths of how incredible he was
and how big they were.
That was like the Beatles type shit.
I mean, 6-0 in the finals?
Are you kidding me?
So, yeah, it reminded everyone that he is the GOAT.
What made him the GOAT was how confident he was in press conferences
after games, even when they'd lost.
He was so cool.
Going back to the Horace Grant thing, it's funny,
and I kind of believe Horace Grant because they talked aboutael making up the story of that guy he was playing against just so he could pretend to
hate his guts to beat him like he's like i never said that but in michael's mind he did because
he'd made it up so maybe that's what happened with the horace grant situation um fascinating uh with with how they played out the utah jazz situation and uh what
was what was like cool was how i mean even after games like like larry bird came over when they'd
beaten the pacers how he walked over carl malone when he'd gotten beat he walks onto the bus all
the way to the back to shake his hand and mike just had an aura about him and when when it came down to it
he could just execute it was he and uh the most fascinating takeaway from everything and what what
i think made him so great is his ability to stay in the moment and they emphasize that towards the
end where it was like you know he lived in the moment most of the time if not all the time and
and being that big that would be difficult it
seemed like he didn't get caught up in everything too too much given the size of what he was and
now you can understand why some of these athletes i mean we talked to colorn earlier like imagine
being tom brady and now you move to tampa and you're on that you're you're you're now on the
marina or whatever you call it and all these people are coming up invading your privacy.
I touched on it a few episodes ago.
That would be fucking hell.
It'd be hell.
But if you love dominating like these guys do,
it's totally, they're willing and it's worth it to them.
They don't care because all they're doing is winning.
They can live with all the other bullshit
because they're just the best at what they do. i think uh i think the trash talking is to a different level
when you get to the nba and i actually reached out to that richard jefferson who was fortunate
enough to win an nba championship with lebron james and he's a close friend of his he said
he's familiar with our podcast and he's willing to join us so it'd be nice to pick his brain on
his thoughts on it and and also uh you know another guy who's basically trying to chase jordan so you think
he'll sign my nba poster in my room sick the sick league poster yeah sick league should we get him
should we get him in on ripping on the nba he probably loves it didn't he make like 80 million
that guy richard jefferson made a lot of dough yeah he played for a long time
all right boys well before we wrap up we did have a couple notes i wanted to pass along
uh former nhl kyle quincy his young son axel was recently diagnosed with brain cancer so we here
spitting chiclets want to send along our best wishes to axel and uh as he goes and kicks cancer's
butt because we know he's going to do that so we're behind your buddy and uh in your family as
well uh monday is memorial day uh we want behind your buddy and your family as well. Monday is Memorial Day.
We want you folks to enjoy your long weekend here in the States.
Take a moment to recognize those who gave all for your country as well.
Just a moment or two.
I like to do that on that day, so you should do that as well.
And, boys, any other notes you wanted to add before we send people off for the week?
No.
Chicklets Cup Friday, Frankie Borelli versus Pat Connington of the Bucs tune in on
Twitch Twitter YouTube Facebook and barstoolsports.com and John Scott will be popping by and we may have
another special guest a few things that we didn't we weren't able to touch on but we can glance over
as uh apparently Megan Fox is dating Machine Gun Kelly now that was I think Megan Fox in her prime
was probably the,
you know when they say celebrity crush.
Her in the first Transformers was up there for me,
so that's why I felt the need to mention it.
And did you guys see that clip of people fucking in the subway in NYC?
Yes.
What is so disgusting?
Nothing surprises me with fucking New York City subway.
I've been walking down the street and seeing two people
fucking in between cars here in New York
City. And I was told to keep walking.
My computer's dying, guys.
I love you guys. I love you listeners.
I'll see you Friday night. Chicklets cup.
Peace. On that nut.
As always, we want to send big thanks to our awesome
sponsors. Big thanks to all our
friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
A big thank you to our friends over at Roman. Keep doing what you're doing. A huge thanks to all our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney. A big thank you to our friends
over at Roman. Keep doing what you're doing.
A huge thanks to all our friends over at
Bud Light. Big thank you to
everyone at DHM Detox for making
us feel good after those Bud Lights.
And a big thanks to our friends over at Boyce's.
Hopefully you check that stuff out. It's good stuff.
Have a great week, everybody. My parents live in the same small town My child, this is my town
And that little opportunity
