Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 271 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Hope everybody out there had a nice long weekend, at least down here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family. Hope everybody out there had a nice long
weekend, at least down here in the States. I know
there's quite a few people watching the
golf match on TV. We'll be getting to that in a little
bit. Let's check in with our boys first.
Mikey Grinelli, producer. You look like you're back
in New York. I am back in New York
just out here slinging some merch. That's what
I do, boys. As you guys know, I am the
merch guy on the pod, so I just want to let everyone
know we've dropped a ton of new merch,
NBD merch, some new active wear.
It's awesome.
And some Pink Whitney golf merch, and maybe I can let Whit talk more about that.
All right, let's swing it over to the Whit dog.
What's going on, golf man?
Why am I clapping?
Because we're back, and as we're once a week right now,
it feels like we don't talk to each other for a year
because for some reason that twice a week, you know,
it just seems like every other day we're chatting.
But no, Mikey, we did drop some great merch.
NBD, check it out.
It feels exactly like Lululemon, but it's our own stuff.
Complain about it being too expensive?
Shut the fuck up.
Don't buy it.
I don't care.
The Pink Whitney merchandise, awesome.
It came out so good. I think it's great golf clothing wear.
You can look great out there. You can enjoy the
drink while also rocking the shirt.
I appreciate everyone putting together what they
did, especially you, Mikey, for the merch stuff.
Let me tell you, the original clap that I started
as you introduced me, R.A., is because
hockey's back, boys. We don't
know when. We don't know how, but the
pandemic cup will roll on, and
we will see NHLers in front of
no fans, ripping it it up trying to kill
each other scoring goals celebrating who knows if they'll be hugging each other but hockey's back
and it excites me because now I'm with you guys and I'm ready to talk if you can't tell absolutely
we'll get to that shortly we got to say hi to biz as well Paul bears nasty bisonette what's going on
buddy phase two baby positive Paul last. I think I got the momentum
shifted in the right direction.
And all you negative Nancys
out there, hockey is
back. Hockey Twitter was lit.
Is that what the kids say, Grinnelli? Lit?
Hockey Twitter sucks, too.
So for that to be lit means something.
Well, you know what else happened?
Mike Milbury jumped on.
Oh, my God. with the shoe and let
let's shout out my friend the the woman who got me into my post-career career katherine tappan
for one of the best tweets i've seen saying mike who cut that who who gave you that haircut no no
no no she wrote she wrote are you holding that shoe up to the guy who cut your hair
so i butchered her line I butchered her line.
I butchered her line.
It was way better than what I said, but what a trip that was.
Yeah, it was unreal.
And if you did see his haircut, it is a nightmare.
Oh, it was done with a Flowbee.
For sure done with a Flowbee.
Nice to have one of the most polarizing figures in hockey,
at least in recent memory, on Twitter.
Very interested to see what type of antics he gets up to but on a serious note there's a lot to to break down as far as what phase two presented
from the nhl standpoint um there was a little bit of negativity surrounding it as there always is
but the fact that they've been able to at least get it to this point their efforts should be
applauded and and i mentioned it last episode of course that's within the fact that everybody will remain safe during this whole process but
applaud the efforts of the nhl do you want to get right into that now uh r.a or do you want to talk
about some other stuff first um i suppose we could jump right in one thing about milbury know who he
looked like in that picture leonard demoy the dude who played Spock in Star Trek.
He looked just like Spock.
Don't know him.
You don't know Leonard Nimoy, the original Spock?
Let me look up.
How do you spell Spock?
You may take this as an insult, all right.
I would have to say the Star Trek, the old school one that was on television,
there was nothing more boring.
I just couldn't get into it.
No, we agree.
I'm not a Trekkie.
I'm a Star Wars. I'm not a Trekkie. I'm a Star Wars.
I'm not a Trekkie or Trekker or whatever those nerds call themselves.
I never was a big Star Trek guy.
So you can bash Star Trek all you want.
I won't defend it.
I Googled Spock, and it came up the leader in clinical communication solutions,
which definitely isn't Milbury.
But I go with what you said.
I agree with you.
The funny thing also about Millberry was he said,
I'm here to defend myself against all the haters,
or I'm paraphrasing something like that.
Like, good luck.
Yeah.
Good luck on Twitter defending yourself with whatever there is,
120 characters, because it doesn't work.
Arguments on Twitter, as R.A. said many times,
there is no winner only two fools
so we'll keep that in mind as Milbury
moves forward on the Twittersphere
plus Spock never traded Captain Kirk
for a couple of tribbles either
that's a little Star Trek
yeah
okay Biz we'll jump right into it
first Monday the NHL did say
that they're going to be moving into phase 2
in June,
which is the step after self-quarantine.
It means teams can open training facilities.
Players can gather in group of six or fewer with the OK from local health officials.
It's strictly voluntary.
It's for on and off ice workouts.
And then on Tuesday, Commissioner Gary Bettman confirmed what we had already known,
that there's going to be a 2014, I guess you'd call it a play-in to the playoffs.
It's a plan that the union agreed to, 29-2.
They don't know when formal training camps are going to start.
It's not going to be at least until the second half of July.
They also announced the regular season is officially done,
so the postseason awards are official there.
Pasta and Ovechkin are going to split the
richard trophy for most goals with 48 each tukarask and yarrow halak are going to split the jennings
trophy for the fewest goals allowed uh the broens will win the president's trophy and we have the
first german to ever win the art rush trophy our pal leon dreisaitl with 100 and uh i believe 110
points he had 13 more than his teammate conor mc Connor McDavid. So three of the last four years, and Oiler has won that.
Ovechkin, his ninth time leading the league in goals,
extending his own record.
That's four times more than Wayne Gretzky did it.
Also, a couple of interesting quotes from Bettman.
He reiterates the start for next season.
It could start as late as December, if not January.
They're really not giving the two shits about pushing next season back.
Another couple quotes from Bettman,
there's no magic to starting in October.
If it has to slide more than let it slide.
I think this league is just committed to having playoffs in July
and August going forward.
Anyways, we got the matchups that should happen.
Let's go to you, Whit, your take for us now that everything
is officially official.
As Biz mentioned, there's going to be haters, right?
I mean, I've already said that the winner of this year,
maybe we'll have a little bit of an asterisk
and only get the top little bowl of the Stanley Cup.
I've made it clear.
But still, I love the fact that the NHL gets out and is the first league.
Well, maybe not the first. There's soccer in Europe, things like that,
but the NHL has made it clear.
They're going to play and the NBA, we haven't really heard from,
I'd be surprised if they don't,
you hear Walt Disney world being talked about as maybe their hub in Orlando,
but baseball's got their issues,
totally different animal with the fact none of the seasons been played,
but hockey, it did a great job of, listen, let's get out there.
Let's give some fans something to look forward to,
and let's make sure that there's going to be a winner this year.
Now, there are so many questions, and we can go over, actually,
I think a good player rep, Devin Dubnik, one of my buddies,
did a good job in explaining not what players are worried about,
but maybe the things that may not work in terms of this deal and what they're
talking about.
But still you could talk about teams getting screwed over and you talk about
the Carolina hurricanes and the Tampa Bay lightning being the only two teams
in a 29 to two vote voting in,
in favor of not doing this.
I think they were the ones who said,
no,
I don't want to do this.
I don't think it's fair,
but that shows,
I mean,
what is that? 29 out of 31. I'm going to do this. I don't think it's fair. But that shows. I mean, what is that?
29 out of 31.
I'm going to go out on a limb and say that's 96.
Check my math, please, guys.
Teams agreeing, all right, this is fair.
Let's get it going.
This is a crazy time.
Nothing like this has ever happened.
And we're going to try to figure out a way to make it somewhat fair.
I think if you take the top 12 based on points percentage in each conference,
that's as close and as well
as you're going to do this. Yeah, some teams
are going to get screwed, but look, Montreal's in this
thing. You kidding me?
The Coyotes, business
team, the Coyotes are
getting a shot here. And let
me remind you, for people wondering
why did Carolina vote against it? It's because
they have to play the Rangers who smack
them in the mouth
four times this year, 4-0 against the Hurricanes.
So I love it.
I think we have stuff to talk about.
We have a plan moving forward.
Granted, it's in pencil, not pen.
But still, it's time to at least discuss the game being played.
And maybe there are some players who aren't happy,
but I'm sure a lot of guys are ready to get going.
Wow, that was pretty good off the top. Thank'm gonna i'm gonna hop my head too uh i'm gonna
hop right into the hurricane situation of course i'm okay with them voting the way they did they
end up getting bent over given the rules in place but their comments were we voted no but if it
doesn't go in our favor we roll on It's not an excuse in more fashion.
Okay.
So I think everyone can, an RA, you can agree to this.
That's a fair assessment.
They, they, they should have voted no because it was bending them over,
but they're saying let's move on.
Okay.
So that's out of the way.
Uh, dry sidle.
Congratulations.
Uh, we're going to put the cologne on hold cause he's got bigger fish to fry.
Once he releases the restraining order, we're going to get that thing going you mentioned ovechkin this guy's still a freak of nature
we also have to mention he his wife gave birth to their second child so it's been a pretty busy
week for him getting the rocket richard trophy and a new kid named ilia and i'm curious to know
if it has anything to do with kovalchuk and maybe just kind of like a, you know.
They're very close friends, Biz.
They're very close friends, so maybe a little respect to his countrymen.
The Islanders, that would be back-to-back years
that they share that goaltending average title, correct?
The Jennings.
The Bruins, you mean?
Oh, did the Bruins win it last year?
No, the Bruins won it this year.
Oh, this year.
Okay, well, then I'm a fucking fucking idiot we can move on from that topic uh i had a question mark here since the league
wards are coming out who do we got for rookie of the year i mean this this is the city of
vancouver may burn down again if quinn hughes does it not least get a consideration for this thing yeah I mean he's
one of the third rookie to lead defenseman and score and the other two Bob Bjor and I think
Brian Leach so you know you just hear those names and numbers they jump out at you I know people in
Colorado are going to make the same case for Kiel McCarr but yeah I think you got to lean
Quinn Hughes here and we got to give a nod to our buddy Elvis, too,
who's had an unreal year, come out of nowhere,
literally nowhere, to save the Columbus season.
But it's going to be tough to beat Quinn Hughes for the caller, I think.
And then you start thinking about teams who are,
oh, maybe guys out for the year.
He's done.
Well, looks like the Pittsburgh Penguins probably have Jakeake genzel back yeah right and you start thinking now granted i will mention on the same breath as that it looks
like nick bugistad no matter what is going to be done for the year which sucks i think he had a
little bit of a setback in his recovery from injury but still it just this whole dynamic is
so interesting and i think back to when we talked to Killorn, Doc Talk, shout out Doc Talk I got his shirt I know
that there'll be people who are out there
dogging it like the wit dog, no pun
intended, but when
these guys get going, they will
be full bore and it will
feel exactly like a Stanley Cup
to them because when you're on the ice, even if there's
no fans, I mean, it's
there is no, what do you call it, Biz,
when guys are good friends before the game?
Tummy sticks.
There is no tummy sticks once this all begins
because, yeah, it'll be way different,
and the first few games will feel bizarre,
but in the end, guys will get used to it,
and they're going to figure out we're still competing for the Stanley Cup.
So I'm just excited to see competition begin again.
That's more my thing.
And then the issue in terms of like what teams will come back better from this,
who's been getting ready, who hasn't really been doing anything,
who planned on never playing again until next year.
I don't know, but I think you'll be able to tell pretty soon
after seeing the first few games being played on who's struggling
and who's maybe ready to go.
And Ari, how did you feel about this one?
Of course, there were some complaints about that this is even happening.
And one of the protocols they are taking is every person has to be tested at night, every single night.
So they're upset that throughout this whole process, there's probably going to be around 40,000 tests that are going to need to be used in order to put this on.
Given the fact that the NBA will probably do it, another 40,000 tests that are going to need to be used in order to put this on, given the fact that
the NBA will probably do it another 40,000. And one of the concerns is that will drive up the
market on what tests costs. So some of the general public, not too crazy about this. Of course,
of course, it's just like, you can't keep everyone happy. This seems like they're doing a good job
because if you don't test everyone every night, then there's going to be complaints on the fact they're not taking safety very seriously. So that was one of the issues. Next one, I would say the biggest issue of everything is fairness in the draft.
I guess what's crazy is a team that ends up getting in the 24 teams, the last team, if you look at the diagram,
they will have a 6 chance to get that first overall pick.
And they also get the chance to play in to win a Stanley Cup.
I think that that should be way lower,
and there should be more of a percentage for teams who aren't in that to of course get the
first overall pick if all goes according to plan we won't have to worry about it but it never does
but just imagine this and people are going over the scenario Edmonton if they lose out in the
first bit there I believe they're they have a chance to get the first overall pick if I'm wrong
on that I definitely know that Pittsburgh,
if they lost out to, who did you say they were going against?
Montreal?
Les Abatons.
Les Abatons.
If they lose to Montreal, they have a chance at getting
that first overall pick.
Could you imagine the uproar if the Pens pull the rabbit
out of their ass?
And Lafreniere's playing with Crosby next year.
Snapping it, taping it.
Gets 40 and 40 as a 19-year-old.
The pandemic draft.
So ultimately, some people will get screwed on this scenario, on the draft.
But, I mean, as far as getting the revenue back and making it open to 24 teams
and, of course, sneaking in the Blackhawks,
there's another team who's got a pretty fair shake at it.
They got some studs and I would imagine that they kept a tight ship
throughout the break.
So definitely a lot of question marks here and a lot of issues to discuss,
R.A.
I know I've rambled on quite a bit here,
but anything else that we didn't clean up?
Well, the draft lottery, it's very convoluted.
I could describe it to you and people are going to fall asleep within 30 seconds but you did bring up a couple of major points uh teams that lose the
playing round will still have a shot at the top pick uh but the format does ensure that none of
the 16 playoff teams can get a top three pick which was i think a big concern you don't want
to you know team run into the conference finals and still getting a top three pick unless of
course they own another team's pick. Like, Ottawa's looking good.
They're probably going to get two top five, six picks here.
Also, the other thing is the round robin.
Now, if I'm a top four team, and I'm not saying this because I'm a Bruins fan,
you can take the side from either conference,
but these guys are basically playing a best of three or a round robin
for the last line change.
You know, I wonder about intensity there.
You know, I know they're trying to get in game shape
and it's not the same as playing the playing thing,
but are you concerned with any intensity issues with these teams?
Like I said, they're basically playing for last change
because there's no real home ice where there's no crowds.
No, because I think that every person inside that locker room
wants to win a Stanley Cup, and I do truly believe that.
But from an organizational standpoint, you know, maybe some people who aren't inside that locker room and of course people
um you know fans of the teams yeah I've seen it going on a lot online where people are like I'd
much rather lose in on that playing round and have the potential at a top pick but it goes back to
that Elliott interview I don't think people understand the drop-off
after you get out of the top two picks.
And the fact that you have a chance to go for it and win it,
given that the playing field is pretty much even at this point,
especially if your team that didn't fare too well in the regular season
up until that point was able to not only get healthy,
but keep their heads on straight.
I think everyone realistically has a fair shake at this thing who's in.
Well, look at the Canadians.
They weren't getting in the playoffs.
Now they have Price.
And this is where fans and players will always differ in terms of opinion.
None of those players care about getting the first overall pick.
They don't give a shit.
But they're going to get into this series with Pittsburgh,
and they got Carey Price, who all of a sudden stands on his head,
and then they go on this little run.
The argument you make, R.A., and that people have brought up is valid
in terms of like, well, what do you point?
There's no home ice advantage.
It's just the competition.
It's what drives us athletes.
Yeah, I'm still an athlete. I was a former pro
athlete. Now I'm a golfer. But the competition is within all of these guys. They will fight,
and they will care, and they will have this drive to win when they're playing because that's exactly
what's brought them to where they are. That's what I'm saying. The first few games are going
to be weird. After that, you will see hatred on the ice. You will see intensity.
And there will be no difference in terms of the level of play
because there aren't fans in the crowd.
Because it's impossible once you get into competition
to not be all in, full bore, ready to go.
It's what drives these guys.
I know I'm repeating myself.
But in the end, these guys don't care about what care about what their team's going to pick in the draft lottery
because all that could do is knock their job out.
Oh, shit, we drafted defensemen.
I'm gone.
I don't care.
I don't care about the draft.
I hope we get the 30th pick so we have some scrub.
Not that the 30th pick's a scrub.
I just happen to be the fifth pick.
Sorry.
And I don't want to also overvalue the fact that, like,
some of these guys are used to playing in front of sold-out crowds, right,
where I'm not saying their motivation won't be there,
but maybe their ability to get up for games,
they're just like, oh, I can't do it.
So those teams that maybe were out of it,
and all of a sudden they're in it, and they're playing a lot looser,
and, like, maybe it even becomes a little bit silly.
And you mentioned Carey Price.
What if he goes on a 25-game run?
He's a world-class player.
That's why this throws a wrench in the whole mix
is that if you get three or four guys elevating a team
that are of world-class level and they just go on this crazy run
because of the given the circumstances,
it's anyone's game and I couldn't be more excited for it.
So, Biz, you disagree with me in saying that guys will be getting up,
not maybe the first game or two,
but you can't see the best players.
It doesn't matter.
Everyone's going.
I'm embarrassing myself not playing well.
It wouldn't shock me if they did,
but what I'm saying is given the fact that the St. Louis Blues
were used to playing in front of 18,000 crazy fans in their arena,
and then all of a sudden you go from just sucking that energy out,
I don't know how it's going to affect them.
I don't know.
Maybe they're inside their locker room after having a bad start being like,
man, I just can't get into it.
I don't know.
And it becomes a mental thing.
So it's something that we've never seen before.
So expect the unexpected, everybody.
Phase two, let's go.
And, R.A., I know you did mention that the Eastern Conference
and Western Conference will be in, you know, there'll be one city for each.
Can you list off the cities that are possibilities?
Do you have those on you?
Absolutely.
I can do that for you right now, my friend.
Ten hub cities under consideration are Vegas, Toronto, Chicago, Columbus,
Edmonton, Dallas, L.A.
Well, it says Minnesota, but I assume that means Minneapolis,
Vancouver, and Pittsburgh.
And they said that it's possible.
Two Eastern Conference cities right there.
Interesting.
Not that it matters.
No fans, but still.
They said that there might be,
both cities could potentially be in the Western Conference
depending on what the logistics
are. Also,
boys, the NHL is coming back and so
is your men's league, baby. Make sure
your return to the rink is fucking epic.
Outfit your squad with fresh
new unis for men's league sweaters.
Go check out their online jersey
builder. It's unreal.
You can get super creative, go wild, get weird,
design jerseys that are all right with you.
They're all over the website.
We got our own made last year, a couple years ago.
They were awesome.
These guys made the Boston Pond Hockey jerseys as well,
and they were so fucking sick.
Not to mention, like I said, individual jerseys.
So order yours now and get them in time for opening night.
Visit mensleaguesweaters.com slash chicklets or use the promo code
chicklets for a limited time. You will get free matching hockey socks,
free custom designed logo, and they'll expedite your order for free.
That's like 600 in free shit for your team.
So make your team the envy of the league.
Go to mensleaguesweaters.com slash chicklets.
Great read, R.A. And those are the ones who did the the grinnell apartment rats jersey the the uh the pigeons
jerseys for me i want to say they also did the jerseys for the uh barstool team that's right i
like to see a rear admiral 69 jersey with the rain city bitch pigeons on the front maybe they'll
they'll mock one up for you. So he's
stand-up 69-ing a pigeon? Yeah,
with two pigeons in a fucking yin-yang
position, so they're doing a 69.
Oh, Jesus. Alright, you know what's unreal
and now listeners at home, we're all
looking at each other. You guys know that. Today,
I just happen to know Biz
for the first time ever has a huge notepad
that he must be reading his stats off of
and still said the wrong team won the Jennings Trophy.
Yeah, that was stupid.
So, Biz, I love you.
You got your pad.
You were ready and prepared.
But that's why you're Biz, my best buddy.
They send me these phase two articles,
and I'm trying to comprehend what's going on.
I make it one paragraph, and then all of a sudden,
I'm eating my boogers, staring at the ceiling.
And I'm like, when did I take my eyes off that today today i said all right i'm sitting down at 11
o'clock because we're recording at noon i said i'm gonna do a bunch of research on what's gone
down these past three days and all of a sudden it was 11 50 and i was putting on my putting mat
living oh shit i never prepared okay well since you guys got all perverted with the Rain City Bitch Pigeon 69 jersey, right now, the Swiss sex workers are actually going to allow two sexual positions in an effort to combat COVID-19.
I don't know if you guys read this headline.
So I haven't dug too much into the article, but what do you think are the safest sex positions if they're going to open up the sex shops?
Okay, so they say it's like breathing or coughing in someone's face.
So you got to think doggy styles, one.
Your faces are staying the same way.
It's similar to now some stairs are one way and the rest of the stairs are the other way.
You can't go up and down the same stairwell.
So doggy style takes care of that.
And then the other one oh reverse cowgirl coming at you with the face action same way so there you go wit
not the sex guy in the podcast um i actually wanted to bring up before when you get the only
one with a kid now you'll you'll so last night on the chicklets feed that's yeah seriously no
wonder you're not having sex one for one one. So listen, last night on the
chicklets feed, we were discussing on the EA cup, the chicklets cup. We were discussing how
when you start thinking about something, like, does your mind ever go back and say,
how the hell did I just start thinking about this? Well, I do it all the time.
So I want to say where my brain just brought me in that sex discussion was back to the testing every single day in which we've seen how testing goes, right?
They stick that like six-inch thing up your nose to your brain, which is double the length of my hose.
I got about a three-inch wrench.
So are guys going to have to get that thing up towards their brain every night?
That's awful.
And that's how my brain works there
are i think yeah there are a couple different testing methods i don't know if that's the one
that the nhl is planning on using and again to go back to your point about the dubnik article i got
i got kind of dragged online yesterday because that dubnik article i thought was very good because
it said hey there's still a long ways to go and i wrote a blog like and i didn't finish it to like
10 minutes before betman's post went up.
So I was like, no, hockey's not back.
And then like 10 minutes later, his press conference was like,
hey, everybody, hockey's back.
But it was the same info we already had known
that it was going to be the 2014 thing.
Well, let's bring our medical expert on.
Grinnell, what's up with these tests?
Is that the only way they can test by shoving this Q-tip up people's brains?
As the medical expert, i would say yes all right that sucks because you can't tell me you're gonna go to patrick kane on tuesday night stick a q-tip up his brain and then wednesday
night when he feels even better than tuesday say hey i gotta stick this q-tip up to your brain
again he's gonna say no you don't i'm showtime get the fuck up when i score goals when there
are fans back in the building
and get that Q-tip away from my brain.
Thank you.
I think I'd rather get a finger in my ass.
That's pleasant.
Wouldn't like that.
What?
Oh, what?
Hey, we should probably mention our guest.
We're going to be bringing on, not right now, but a little later.
Pete Vandermeer might not be a name that rings a bell with a lot of you guys,
but a buddy of yours from the past, we him on very interesting discussion uh we'll be getting
to that a little later just want to give you a heads up uh larry landon and the people from the
echl put me in touch with them when we were going through the relief efforts for them which we were
still doing and still releasing those videos on youtube and uh this guy was a hidden gem i play
with his brother jim vandermeer uh pete a great career, ended up playing a few games in the NHL,
which we do get into.
All right.
There was one aspect we haven't gotten to yet, Biz,
the gambling aspect of things.
A little bit of an update here for you.
A lot of places, if you had regular season point totals,
they're going to be refunded, even if you were winning or losing,
because 82 games weren't played, not even 80 games were played.
So most places are going to refund your ticket if you paid up front,
which would be in Vegas, obviously.
If you still have Stanley Cup or conference action,
that should still be live.
Again, you always want to check with the shop where you put it in,
wherever it might be, whatever city you might have put it in,
because every place sort of has the same general rules,
but you never know with some of these places.
On the yes, no prop with a lot of teams, Caesars, it was tweeted out that they're going to pay out for 24 teams instead of 16.
That, to me, tells me they probably didn't have a shitload of action in the first place
because hockey is only 2 of the house take in Vegas.
So they probably said, fuck it.
It's almost like a PR thing to pay out instead of looking like shitheads for not paying for another eight teams. And what else? Oh, the Rashad trophy.
That's another thing. I would imagine where it was split. If you bet the Rashad trophy for past
the knock to win it, you should get paid out on that. Your shop should pay you out. However,
sometimes when trophies are split, they do reduce the odds if there's more than one winner, so that could be a
possibility. Same with the Art Ross
trophy. Again, always check what you
shop, wherever you put it in. The rules in
Vegas are generally the same out there,
but you never know, depending on what
state you might have got it in at.
Again, gambling, if you've got cup odds,
conference final odds,
you're still alive, so that's good.
Hopefully, I'm kind of debating whether I want the season to come back
because I could lose another five grand here with all the fucking futures I get.
You're the guy who has  you don't even remember half your futures.
No, no.
Actually, you know what, though?
The whole adding eight more teams helps me out because, like, Montreal,
I have, like, 40 to one on them.
I wrote that shit off.
So, you know, they said, you know, price.
We never know.
Hey, boys, with all the uncertainty in the world, feeling safe at home has never been
more important.
It's why I want to talk to you about SimpliSafe home security.
They're longtime friends of spit and shit, but Sam, for good reason.
SimpliSafe has made it easy to finally get comprehensive protection for your home.
You just order online, set it up yourself in under an hour,
and your home is protected 24-7 with emergency dispatch for break-ins, fire, and more. And it's
all for just 50 cents a day. We're not the only fans of SimpliSafe. U.S. News and World Report
named SimpliSafe the best overall home security of 2020. And right now, when you head to
simplisafe.com slash chicklets, our listeners will get free shipping and a 60-day risk-free trial.
That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets to make sure they know that our show sent you.
From SimpliSafe and all of us here at Chicklets,
we're wishing you safety and good health.
And, R.A., I think we should mention, I think we might have glanced over it,
that the four teams from each conference,
so eight total teams that are in this playoff hunt no matter what,
will be the Bruins, President's Trophies winners.
Congrats.
The Lightning, the Capitals, the Flyers in the East,
and we got the Blues, the Avs, the Golden Knights,
and the Dallas Stars in the West.
So those eight teams, no matter what, will be competing,
and after that you're going to have to see what happens in the round, Robin.
But out of those teams, off the top of my head, I see one, two, maybe just two.
Was it just two of those teams did get new coaches halfway through
with Dallas and Vegas.
So correct me if I'm wrong than any others.
But you'll see some nice action as this all gets going again.
But those eight cities, be happy that you're in.
Whit, I got to ask you about that Mike Tyson bare knuckle scenario.
Oh, yeah.
I told you to tune you up for it.
Yes.
So the Spittin' Chicklets group chat, I occasionally hop in there and say,
guys, can we mention this?
So Keith Yandel wrote to our friend group chat, hey, would you fight?
Apparently Tyson's being offered 20 million to bare knuckle fight someone,
something like that.
Would you guys fight him?
Now, I'd love to hear listeners' feedback, but 20 million,
whether it's before or after taxes, whether it's tax-free and you're getting 20 sheets
or you got to get taxed on it and you're getting 11,
I'm fighting Mike Tyson bare-knuckles because that's so much money.
And I'm thinking in my mind well worst case scenario is death
but real worst case scenarios maybe you know fractured skull or broken orbital or two i mean
you recover from that so all four of you guys you squaring off bare knuckles with tyson for 20 sheets
no question about it i wouldn't hesitate so foley says oh i think you're like my brother too calling
he's like i think it's's pretty certain you're going to die
if you fight him bare knuckles.
Now, I said, if there's a ref or somebody there to break it up, I disagree.
Would you all agree?
I mean, it would definitely have to depend on what the rules were.
And if there was an octagon involved or some.
I mean, if it's just like this rule, say this rule,
you're in an octagon
with him, bare knuckles, and
it's five minutes until somebody
comes in that ring to help you.
But Biz...
But Biz, think about
the money, Biz. Think about
the money. Okay, then you would
have to add the rule that he's incentivized
to kill you because that has to become
an option. Yeah, he's trying to kill you.
But, I mean, think about it.
You could run away from him in an octagon for what, like a minute kind of?
Yeah, but if you get knocked out, essentially you're dying because he's just going to keep attacking.
Shit.
I didn't think of that.
So I would say no, I'm not stepping in an octagon for five minutes.
So 90 seconds before anyone comes in.
Bare knuckle Mike Tyson for 20 mil. Oh, yeah. in her octagon for five minutes so 90 seconds before anyone comes in fair enough oh yeah 20
mil oh yeah then you could just like face hug her i'm like fucking alien and just try to like so
can i hit you a party how much how much would it suck if you if you sign the waiver pre you know
pre-fight that you could die blah blah blah but then you do die and then you didn't realize in
the waiver it said your family doesn't even get the 20 million so it's for nothing you're just
dead for nothing yeah well that's dead? Yeah, for nothing.
Yeah, well, that's just having a bad lawyer and agent.
That was my question.
I would say it's crazy how much he came around to where he was in shape.
He does look like he can still fight.
He punches with massive velocity.
So my answer is no, and Foley was right, and I'm sorry you're wrong, Whit.
What else we got to talk about, Ari?
Actually, we should probably give the other series matchups, too,
while we're talking about it, I think, instead of just mentioning the teams.
In the best of five in the East, it's going to be Pittsburgh versus Montreal,
Carolina versus the Rangers, the Islanders versus the Panthers,
Toronto versus Columbus.
A lot of intriguing matchups.
And out West, we have Edmonton versus Chicago.
Speaking of intriguing, Nashville versus Business Coyotes.
Vancouver versus Minnesota.
And Calgary versus the Winnipeg Jets.
So, you know, if we ideally get to these points, man,
I'm excited for these matchups.
You guys did just mention the Dallas Stars.
I'm not sure if you caught the piece that P.L. LeBrun wrote on Jim Montgomery. He also did
an interview with him. It was honestly nice to hear that Jim Montgomery's doing better.
He's been sober since he got fired. He's very committed to the regimen he's on.
He said his quote, I think I deserve to be let go, and I don't think I deserve to earn money
for my actions. Asking players to do the right thing, but I wasn't. He sounds like a guy who
really knows he had been fucking up,
and rock bottom needed to happen.
He says he still loves Jim Mill.
He's very thankful to the stars.
And, you know, just on a human level, my mother works in the recovery community,
and I know it's not easy to get up, you know, in front of an audience like that
and talk about those issues, especially where they're still relatively fresh.
So, you know, he hurt himself and he hurt his family,
but Jim Montgomery certainly deserves to coach again somewhere.
I don't know if he's going to have to do an assistant stint somewhere
or perhaps back to college, but I don't think his behavior was anything
where he shouldn't be behind an NHL bench in the future.
And again, he looks good. He sounds good.
It was nice to hear him.
He seemed like a guy who's genuinely remorseful for what he did,
and he's really made the things he's done,
done the things he's had to do to make his life better.
Did you have anything on that, Whit?
Yeah, very well said.
I think sensing from what people go through in rehab
that taking responsibility for what he did is one of the things
which he clearly has done.
And also, it does take a lot of balls to stand up and admit that you really messed up and also go
out and say, I don't deserve to be paid. I deserve to be fired. And how am I supposed to lead these
young men and tell them to do things when I'm not living the life I should have been living?
So congrats to him on probably for sure, feeling better, doing better. And like I said in our chat together earlier before this,
he deserves a second chance 100 because who doesn't?
And he realized he messed up and he's on the way to recovering
and getting back to where he was before, which was a hell of a coach.
Don't forget how good Dallas was doing
and how they had really started rolling when that all went down.
So happy for him to see that he's on the right path.
I couldn't agree more.
It's the accountability and the fact that he's willing to come out publicly with it
that's eventually going to help a lot of people.
So in this scenario, obviously what was going on beforehand
wasn't constructive to his life, and he's done a 180, man.
And I don't think we know what it's like to have that type of an addiction, man.
So for him to come out and talk about it and be open is tip of the cap.
So I wish him well.
I hope he gets another shake at it.
Absolutely.
All right, boys, what do you think?
Should we send it over to Pete Vandermeer now or what?
Yeah.
All-time beauty, Pete Vandermeer.
Check it out now.
Well, our next guest plied his pugilistic trade for 15 professional seasons.
He played over 600 games in the AHL and accumulated nearly 2,800 penalty
minutes while doing so in his overall career,
he broke the 300 penalty minute barrier six times in the 400 penalty mark
mark at the 400 penalty minute mark once with 457 penalty minutes in 58 East Coast games.
That same season, he added 31 goals to become the only member in East Coast Hockey League history
of the 3400 club. And of course, he made it to the show after 32 years old for a couple games
with the Phoenix Coyotes. He's currently playing in a senior league and is a firewood supplier in
Central Alberta. It's a pleasure to welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Pete Vandermeer.
Great to be here. Thanks, Ari.
Thanks for joining us. So do you know Rick from Red Deer?
No, I was going to ask you, who the fuck is this guy anyways?
Well, he's just, I'm going to describe him as just a diehard Calgary Flames slash Edmonton Oilers fan, make your pick,
who loves to just pick a soft
bigger defenseman to torture
and scream at while his kids are in the room.
And he also lives and dies
with wins and losses from his club.
So I've seen the passion up there, and I
assume you still have the passion when you watch
games. Oh, yeah, like everybody
here is half and half, right? Like everybody's
an Oer fan or
they're a flames fan and it's been that way since both teams came in the league but there's some
real fucking nut jobs up here that go way overboard so uh biz and myself both had the chance to play
with your younger brother jim defenseman hell of a player and tough as shit so i'm excited to
interview because i got the chance to play against you briefly in that lockout year in the Always Hungry League
when it was the Complete Iron League.
So I kind of want to go back to the beginning, though.
You are the oldest of six boys, correct?
Yeah, that's right.
And all six of you ended up playing at some form of professional league
or at least junior.
What am I missing there?
Yeah, we all played pro.
We all played junior, like Bill and Ted.
Bill played in the Coast a little bit in the Central League,
and Ted just played in the Central League, but
all the rest of us, East Coast League,
American League, and
Jimmy, the worst one of us all, plays 10 years
in the show. It's unbelievable.
Oh, he was the worst.
You chirp him. He was the worst when you were
all younger.
Everybody, since we were little kids,
he was the big, like we call him Milkman's kid, kid right he's so much bigger than all the rest of us and
there's two brothers between me and him joe and dan and they just made his life living hell growing
up and kind of worked though toughening him up he just got done last year how many bill and ted
jokes did they did they get in fights over over the years oh non-stop and they were born at
that time when those stupid movies came out so i don't know my parents must have thought it was
fucking funny because they're like they're 9 and 11 years younger than i am like i didn't really
know those kids till i kind of grew up and came back sort of deal but they're idiots they're
idiots growing up but mom and dad i think they just gave up on those two honkies. Everybody was tough in that household, though.
That was a fucking man's household.
You know what a crazy number?
Hey, Stack Guy Witt, how about this one?
Your last year in Red Deer, your top four scorers
had at least 144 penalty minutes.
Those are Western League minutes, so two bits.
Western League minutes, not old minutes, not 2 minutes.
Oh, what is the difference in the minutes, Vandy?
I don't think they did 10s, and those were all 5s, right?
Yeah, they don't count 10s in the Western League.
They still don't.
Buddy, these guys, you had 8 guys on that team with over 125 penalty minutes.
You guys must have been beating the fucking wheels off teams.
It was fun.
We were okay, but it didn't matter.
Like, our guys  we had guys that scored 45, 50 goals
that were fucking getting over 100 nets.
It was just everybody goes up by three or down by three,
send out the meat and fucking get her going.
Well, Biz, you want to talk about numbers and stats.
I wanted to go a little backwards.
I got a number for you.
I actually have a question for you, Vandy.
Three, the number's three, and how many fingers were lost
when a roast beef was put on the table with you six animals
reaching in and trying to grab all the food?
Like, what was that household like?
I can't imagine the brawls.
Yeah, you weren't late for a meal ever.
Like, there's fucking nothing left, right?
It was nuts.
The four oldest ones of us, there's fucking nothing left right it was it was not so the four oldest ones of
us there's like five years between me and jim and then the little ones came later but yeah every
night you went to bed somebody's bleeding somebody's crying we had a great big house a like
not nice or anything but the old man we had a sawmill so there's lots of wood built this giant
house and we got these rooms there that you just play hockey till forever, till you got yelled and screamed at and sent to bed.
But somebody was crying.
Somebody got shot in the nuts or got stuck in the face and bled.
All right, go to bed, you idiots.
It's 2 in the morning.
So, Pete, when you were a teenager, was college ever on the table for you?
Any office, or did it never get to that level?
Like, actually, I did send some tapes out to a couple of schools like i'm from butt
fuck nowhere right like we're from caroline alberta and it's an hour west of red deer so
fucking rick and red deer there he's down the trail but uh you know it's all western league
and junior a out here and actually there was no draft or anything when i was in bantam like the
western league the bantam draft deal right so there's no draft or anything when I was in Bantam, like the Western League, the Bantam draft deal, right?
So there was no draft back then, and I just got a letter in the mail,
like, hey, your property, the Victoria Cougars,
come to camp at this date and away you go.
So, yeah, I went out there.
I was a 16-year-old.
I wasn't big enough or strong enough, so I got sent home,
and it worked out that the Red Deer got expansion team you know that that next winter
and somehow managed to to wander in there and i played major triple a and red deer and had a really
good year and just uh they picked me up i got a letter in the mail like come and now you're part
of this team and away you go um was sutter there when they first started as an expansion and like
i mean were they were they brutal off the hop?
Cause they really turned that ship around if it was.
No,
like when the,
the,
the team was,
the franchise was awarded as Wayne and Terry Simpson.
Like Terry was,
you know,
with all over the place in the NHL as a coach and a scout forever.
Uh,
but his brother Wayne ran the team and they brought a whole bunch of guys
from Prince Albert that were with their,
their teams at one centennial cups and and stuff like that and in tier two and yeah they ran the
team until after I was done like the franchise started 92-93 and I was done four years after
that and I think two years after that that that Brent bought the team Brent Sutter bought the
team so so brother Jim played for him for
two years and then my littlest brother Ted
played for him for all four years of his junior year.
Well Jim was captain
there wasn't he?
Yeah he was captain when he won the Memorial Cup.
Oh not a big deal.
You know Army was on that team Biz.
No way.
Yep.
I'll tell go all day long
hey so when you i mean it was clear right away i mean you were gonna you were gonna be a real
prick to play against and you were gonna fight and you did it in junior and then you get into
the east coast league the ahl right at junior but that's in the heyday of big dudes fighting. I mean, you're, what are you, six feet to 215?
I mean, you had to have been outsized nine out of ten fights then, no?
Oh, yeah, for sure.
And that's, like, even in junior, I didn't grow until late.
Like, my first couple years junior, I was, you know, 5'9", 5'10",
and, you know, a buck 75.
And, fuck, there was a lot of meat in the Western League back in the day.
Holy shit, like, everywhere there was monsters trying to kill you.
Like, I fought Rocky and Jeremy Thompson every night in Medicine Hat.
Like, I'd fight Jeremy to start with and usually do pretty good against him.
But if I did really good, then Rocky would come and beat the fuck out of me.
Like, that was always fun.
And, like, Dale Pearington down in Westbridge.
Oh, my goodness.
I'd see them every every day what was he like
oh it's the same as he is now just he was a fucking animal like he was the size he is well
maybe not the size he is now he might have put on a couple pounds or something packed her in but
he was a full-grown man when he was 16 like a. Like, fuck, he'd be running around the rink and you could see his Puritan tattoo,
like name bar across his back.
And it was crazy, like, because we didn't have,
we couldn't warm up together, eh?
Because it was just always turned into a sideshow.
But the big tough guys would come and hang out
and watch during warm-up, you know,
because you were on for, if you're on the road,
you're on like 45 minutes before the game started.
And if you're at home, you're half an hour before,
but the guys that were watching,
they'd come and look down the tunnel and try to see who was playing with who.
So you take slap shots down the alley at them.
But if Big Dale came out there, he wouldn't take slap shots down the alley
because he might fucking, might hit him and he'll fucking kill you during the game.
Pete, when did you realize you had a knack for fighting?
Was it something like before you even played hockey?
Did you like fighting?
Did it come from a coach telling you you had to?
What did that part of your game come in?
No, like that started just where we grew up and how we grew up.
Like fighting was always, it came easy.
Like it was just always there.
And actually when I was playing minor hockey and stuff,
I was actually a skilled guy.
I was fucking scrawny and glasses and scored lots of goals.
And it wasn't really until I came into the Western League in Red Deer,
I'm like, fuck, they're...
It was an expansion team.
Like, kind of going back to your earlier question there, Biz, I think.
The expansion team, like, we got five 20-year-olds that first year.
So we were actually pretty good.
Like, the roster was kind of full and there was no room for me to you know midget triple a but i finished third behind jerome mcginley and
his line mate spencer bettinson and they were playing in saint albert i was playing in red
deer like i was a you know two points a game kind of guy and midget and i figured well i'm a goal
scorer but when i came to the western, there was no room for, you know,
the first three lines are full.
And like, kid, like the only way you can stick around is if you do something
that somebody else isn't willing to do.
So, well, fighting's easy.
I can sit on the bench and go out there and bite somebody's neck
and fucking roll around on the ball for a little while.
And I got to stick around for another day.
And then I wound up sticking around for four years.
And by the time I got done junior, that's kind of what i was known for being being tough but you know we could play on the
first line or second line or third line up and down the lineup and fucking give her so yeah it
just it just all came natural from us being kids and fighting all the time at home and shit too so
it was just it was easy and i liked it that's i was just going to ask you, some guys relish it,
and you just answered my question.
You did like it.
So I know Whit had a... Yeah, like...
Oh, sorry, go ahead.
Yeah, sorry, R.A.
Like, you know, I played for a long time and played with so many guys
that, you know, listen to your guys' podcasts and stop talking to guys
or just get real nervous about certain guys or be shit in the pants
like weeks out in advance because I knew they had a few tough guys,
but I loved it.
Like it was fun.
There was no lose situation for me.
Cause you know, playing pro is, you know, six feet, six, one and 200 pounds,
two 20 at the most.
And everybody that's fighting was way bigger than me.
So if they fucking beat me up, well, no shit.
They should, they're giants.
You said shit in the pants like it's a bad
thing no like fuck having being a little nervous or whatever that gives you nothing but energy but
i i loved it like fuck i couldn't lose john scott beats the fuck out of me well no shit he's six
eight i fucking hang in there and do okay like i'm a fucking superhero. So it was fun. It was no lose.
It was good.
Well, I had been told by you or your brother that people always said,
like, you were too slow.
You weren't going to be able to make it.
And so then you turned pro, and you turned your first year in the coast,
and you had a horrific, like, leg injury or something, right?
And as crazy as it sounds, there was a pretty funny part of it
as you were getting wheeled off.
Just tell everyone that one.
Oh, fuck, well, first of all, I was back checking.
I don't get you every time.
I was playing in Columbus, Ohio, in the coast.
I got tied up with a guy, and we come across our blue line
coming back into our zone.
Our D-man stepped up nailed the guy
carrying the puck and his shoulder hit me right in the knee and me and the guy i was tied up with
went the other way just fucking spun it around like a corkscrew and both bones sticking out of
my leg blood squirting and i was dragging my leg across the ice trying to get to the bench like
oh it was horrible right but anyways they finally the trainer comes out there and intercepts me.
Like, you got to fucking roll over.
Like, what are you doing?
I roll over, and my foot flopped over another, like, two seconds later.
I'm like, is that bad?
Like, Jesus Christ.
That didn't hurt.
So they get me fucking wrapped up on the stretcher.
I, you know, like an idiot, give the old thumbs up on the way out.
It's all good. And their dressing room, like an idiot, give the old thumbs up on the way out. It's all good.
And their dressing room, like it had a fucking corner in the hallway.
So the guys picked me up on the stretcher.
I'm all bolted down right with my hands on my sides.
And they fucking dropped a stretcher right on my face in the fucking laying in the hallway.
And wedged in this corner.
They can't get me out.
So like they're dragging my face.
Shit trying to get me in the medical room.
What a fucking sideshow.
Like Ted from Something About Mary.
Oh, it was fucking ridiculous.
The good thing there was
no phones and video there, because those poor
bastards would have got sued by somebody.
But yeah,
they bolted me back together, and fuck,
well, they originally said, like, you're done.
You'll never play again. Your leg's going to be an inch shorter than your other one, even if we get her together, right?
But the guys at Ohio State at the University Medical Center there, they, you know, did it at the time.
It was kind of a new procedure where they put, you know, a titanium rod inside my tibia, inside my shin bone,
and a bunch of bolts to keep her together.
my tibia inside my shin bone and a bunch of bolts to keep her together.
And I remember I was going to go, once I got out of the hospital and stuff,
they were going to send me home for a little while to kind of do some healing and come back and rehab.
But I told the trainer, like, I'm going to give you these crutches when I get back.
Like, I'm going to hand them to you.
And he's like, yeah, whatever, kid, like, fucking have a good life.
But I came back in, like, a a month and i handed him the crutches
i'm like fuck i'm good to go let's go let's get this thing going and started skating right away
and i played nine weeks after my fucking leg was detached so i was always been you know
what did the doctor say when you come when you came back with the crutches
and he's like what are you doing?
You need to be using those for, like, another three weeks.
I'm like, fuck, I've been skating for three weeks at home.
What are you talking about?
I'm good.
Leave me alone.
Smashing over his head.
As soon as I got home, like, I just started skating at home,
like, at our fucking, my hometown rink and shit, just on the side,
like, on one leg pretty much, you know, just kind of pushing around.
And they said, like, at any time, your your whole weight was my whole weight was being held up by
two screws that went through my ankle and if one of those would have snapped i would have been
you know more than fucked but but they held and it being on it all that much like it just it made
me heal quick and like i was 20 years old so and i'm in a lot better shape than i am now that's
for damn sure but yeah healed up and went back at her
and got in time for playoffs and had a little run there.
It was great.
I had a great year.
Wow.
That's a comeback story.
And another one, you spend 11 years in the minors
and then you finally get to play in the NHL.
You get two games with the Phoenix Coyotes
and at any point before that, had you thought you'd been close,
where you thought maybe you were going to be the next guy
and you didn't get the bounce and you heard, hey, here, listen,
I heard you might be the next guy up, and it just missed out?
I want to hear your thoughts on that.
Yeah, there's a few times here.
One was during that asshole walkout year when I played against you there.
I'd signed a deal with Detroit, and I had a guarantee, right?
I don't know.
I think I was making 70 in the minors and 90 or 100.
I had a guarantee, right?
So I got a guarantee I'm going to fucking play, right?
If they didn't call me up during that year,
they'd have to stroke me a check at the end of the year for 20, 30 grand,
which I know it's nothing to you guys and how you talk. But to me at the time,
it was, that's huge.
But the biggest part of it was like they have to spend that money on me.
They're not going to leave me in the minors.
They're going to call me up for a couple of weeks.
That's awesome. This is going to be great. Start the year like there's no NHL training camp.
That's whatever.
But we had on our team there like Nick Cronwall and Uri Hoodler,
Tommy Kopecky, like all these guys that are like the next year,
like they're destined to play in the show right away.
And we start the year and, you know,
the negotiations are going back and forth.
And then finally, I remember when they said Gary Bettman came on the TV,
we had a bar in our big apartment complex where we lived at,
which was really handy, right on the main floor, like a dance bar.
But anyways, we're sitting there at lunch, and they fucking say,
yeah, season's canceled, that's it.
I'm like, oh, for fuck's sakes.
And so we got bombed and went on a seven
game losing streak got our coach fired fuck that cool great guy but anyways that was god i was i
figured it was good i got a check at the end of the year just shut her down just shut it down in
the toilet fuck yuri hoodler and he's not getting fucking nhL money, you think he's fucking putting out? What was he like down there?
Just more than fun.
Too much fun.
He was on tilt.
Everyone loves that guy.
But he was awesome.
He was so fun and just funny,
like his stupid Czech accent
and just how he operated.
He had a gal there that was his personal secretary
that did his
laundry filled out his groceries fuck she just lived in the building and called her the chugger
like she'd i've never seen anybody in the world drink beer quicker than her it was unbelievable
like chugger 300 pound guys she just oh we should get her going against dana we should have a
let's get chugger against dana sell the pay-per-view during the quarantine.
So it'll sell this,
this girl blow your mind.
It's unbelievable.
Chugger could be 75 years old though.
Like how old is she?
Yeah,
she might be.
I don't know.
Could you get ahold of chugger?
Could you get ahold of her?
I'm sure I could in my network i'm sure you call hoods
hey you call hoods and i'll back her up and i'll make we'll make a bet and we'll get this chug
going could you imagine it's coming from like an old folks home and all our friends are in the
background with like like cheering with their cranes uh train what do you call them the canes
no r in that one um but anyway what the fuck were we just talking about What do you call them? Canes? Waka? A waka?
No R in that one.
But anyway, what the fuck were we just talking about?
I wanted to bring up.
Shuffleboard flip cup.
Pete, you played out with two of your brothers for pretty much a whole season in the coast, right?
That must have been pretty awesome, huh?
Oh, that was unbelievable.
That was great.
That was in richmond virginia and um i'd actually spent a few games there a couple years before i traded from columbus there
whatever that's another fucking story but yeah for the whole year got to play with dan and joe
fuck was that fun we had one of the toughest teams ever and a fucking good hawk team i got to play
with was ryan craft like crafty played in san
jose for a while and stuff like that just an awesome little centerman from minnesota and we
are fargo that's where he's from but anyways yeah we got to play there all year together and we wore
16 17 and 18 as numbers and they introduce us introduce us at the start of every game you know
spotlights and fucking you know crowd going nuts sort of deal we start every game, you know, spotlights and fucking, you know,
crowd going nuts sort of deal
and we'd start every game with three idiots.
And yeah, I think we had
Squirrelly and Brother Dan,
he had like a couple higher minutes. I had like
460 or something stupid that year.
But the very first game, we all got
thrown in the fucking penalty box together,
home game, and it was
we're not in the right order, so Dan
gets up and moves so that we're in the right order so dan gets up and moves
so that we're in the right order 16 17 18 the fans just they loved it they ate it up down there
like him and i fought all the time and brother joe he's a pussy but he's a good player so like
he he get fucking tons and tons of points on the power play like fuck i think i got 20 fucking
power play goals that you're him just shooting them man off my shin pads and off my neck in front of the net it was just fun and that that year i scored my 30th
goal like i got my gloves and stick like guys from the hockey hall of fame come and grabbed
them and took them like fuck guy like this is a coast i need that stick i need those gloves
yeah you're gonna send me new ones yeah you're going to send me new ones? Yeah, you're going to pay me?
Whit would have six fucking pairs of gloves in his stall when he was playing with the Penguins.
This guy was like, new pair of gloves,
had to touch his fingers every fucking period.
But hey, they snap around, though.
I think that new gloves that are broken and perfect
is the best feeling.
That was my go-to.
So yeah, I ran through gloves.
I wanted to ask you a quick one here.
So if you think we're going to glance over the fact I mentioned your first
two NHL games and the fact it was with the Coyotes, you're crazy.
Because if you listen to the podcast,
I would spend the rest of our time with you talking about them.
What was that experience like?
You get called up.
Wayne Gretzky's your head coach.
Talk about that entire experience.
Yeah, it's one of the highlights of my life for sure, right?
Other than my kids and getting married to my awesome new hot wife.
Other than that, that's pretty much it, right?
She's okay.
I sent you those pics and you didn't even check on the fucking thing.
Let's get into that right now quickly.
So I thought that was, like, an accident that you sent me a picture
of, like, a smoking hot chick, right?
So then when you sent that again, I was like, oh, like,
this must be his old lady.
So fucking A, man.
Congratulations.
Hey, take a look.
Well, I was trying to be respectful.
I didn't want to
open it up at first. I didn't know what you'd
accidentally sent me.
Well, no. I wasn't trying to be a
cocky dick or anything, but I just wanted to
layer some background. I've got
a wedding picture with
all my kids, and I explain
what I'm doing, what the fuck I'm up to,
and my kids, how old they are, what the fuck i'm up to and like my kids
like how old they are what the hell they're doing my rocket launcher in your face and then oh yeah
and then oh yeah then i'll just slide this one in too so yeah it was a little bit but but you
didn't even fucking figure it out you asked me today like i thought you're gonna send me some
shit to talk about like i did like three days ago yes it was my fault but let's get back to
the coyotes my bad i kind of got off the rails there sorry anyways yeah so fuck we're on the road this is this takes a little bit of setup here
i was playing in san antonio and um we had i know after that lockout year like they brought in rules
for you can only have so many veterans play on your teams in the american league and the veterans
like somebody's played over 250 games, right?
And you could have five or whatever the number was.
We had, like, three too many in San Antonio.
So I was sitting out, like, fucking pretty steady, pretty regular,
like, healthy scratch.
I'm like, this is fucking garbage.
So anyways, we're playing in Hamilton, which I played a few years before that.
I played in Hamilton when I was on a one-way with Montreal,
what do you say there, Biz, when you're on a one-way?
Not a big deal.
Is that good?
What were you thinking?
What was I supposed to say?
I don't know.
You put me on the spot, you asshole.
What did you think I was going to say?
That's what I thought you were going to say.
All right, perfect.
We can move on.
Thank you. I win. Anyway, okay, you've got an edit going to say. All right, perfect. We can move on. Thank you.
I win.
Anyway, okay, you've got an edit button in there somewhere, right, Mike?
Anyway, so we're playing on the road in Hamilton,
and I get called in after morning skating.
I'm like, what the fuck?
Like, Greg Ireland's our head coach.
Ray Edwards is a fucking beauty.
He's an assistant with Calgary now.
And I played roller hockey with fucking Ray Edwards. He's our head coach. Ray Edwards is a fucking beauty. He's an assistant with Calgary now. And I played roller hockey with fucking Ray Edwards.
He's a great guy.
He's our assistant coach.
And I look at him like, Eddie, what the fuck is going on?
Like, there's no way I'm not playing tonight.
This is complete fucking horseshit.
Like, I'm 32.
I know these guys really good.
And he's like, no, we got some great news for you.
I'm like, what?
You're trading me to fucking Hamilton?
I'm like, no, no, no.
You're getting called up. You're going to fucking hamilton like no no no you're getting
called up you're going to fucking play in phoenix i'm like that is not even close to funny that is
complete fucking dog shit like no we're so proud we're so happy like we're so pumped for you i'm
like you show me the fucking paperwork not a fucking chance and if you're lying i'm fucking
knocking both of you out right now and so i pull out the fucking transaction sheet no way
so i gotta fly like three fucking days it takes me to get i'm playing like four days in phoenix
against nashville so it takes me a day and a half to get across country finally get there my my ex
wife i had a my daughter danica was like fuck like three months old they drove from san antonio to
phoenix we're sitting there waiting my mom and dad fucking flew down from fucking caroline like
everybody is there my buddy like derrick morris is good buddy of ours growing up like his whole
family's down there visiting him and shit from here and so on like everybody's sitting there
waiting for me when i get there and then it practiced for two days in a row with everybody yet to do did all the media
like they're making a big deal that panger was running around doing interviews forever
but anyways we get all that done and but i i had to think about it for like three four days before
it happened i was i don't get nervous about fucking anything. I was so fucking frazzled, like, went through the whole range of emotions
until it finally happened, and then it was cool.
It was beyond cool.
In warm-up, like, Hord Chuck's skating around.
He's like, Pistol, if you need a fight, you need anything,
you don't want to fight, like, I'm here for you, whatever you want.
Chris Mason, the goalie, like I grew up with Chris.
He's from Red Deer here.
And we, you know, I'm stretching on the fucking red line,
trying to fucking act tough and be all fucking cool.
And Pistol, like everybody's so proud of you and we're happy.
Like whatever we can do to help you out.
I'm like, yeah, fucking let me score a couple in on you, you think?
Like Shea Weber's whipping around.
He's like, Pistol, great job. We're so happy for you oh that is so cool man like all the guys are just like it was
so fucking cool and and then i in the first shift i got stuck in the fucking face and drew a fucking
four minute penalty and fuck it was it was unbelievable and after that first shift i'm like
fuck this ain't so hard i can fucking do this this. I can keep up. I'm okay.
I'm not an embarrassment out here.
This is fucking easy.
You can fucking pass it, guys.
Pass it, guys.
Next, they knock them down.
They give you perfect passes all the time.
It's fucking easy.
You got blood on your jersey, huh?
That's good.
Yeah, my own, that's bullshit.
It's usually the other way around.
Hey, so I didn't know your
nickname's pistol i love that pistol so i took out of that you actually had to be shown physical
evidence of a transaction sheet saying you were called up to the nhl before you believed them
fucking right so i was gonna knock greg ireland out under those greasy stands and fucking hamilton
and their little coaches alcove.
Fuck, I was mad.
Like, I was so fucking mad.
Because I had heard before, like,
heard the story, like, Scroisey got fucking,
they did that to him in fucking Syracuse or whatever,
like, fake, you know, said they called him up but didn't.
Like, you know, or heard other stories like that.
Like, that, like, it's not funny.
You're pissing me off here.
Trying to make it better that I'm a healthy scratch. I'm like, no, for it's not funny. You're pissing me off here trying to make it better that I'm a healthy
scratch.
I'm like,
no,
for real.
So yeah,
I needed the fucking paperwork.
Otherwise I was going to fucking go right off the handle.
So I talked to Keith Yandel and he's telling me that when he was there,
when you were up,
I think that was the case.
And he mentioned that you said no one is going to have,
has had any more fun than I will have in this game tonight like i'm
going to enjoy this game more than anyone in the history of the nhl was was that kind of how you
remember it oh yeah like i was gonna go i was gonna fight anybody that wanted to fight i was
gonna fucking like what are they gonna do suspend me for fucking being an idiot or fucking kick me
out of the building like big deal i fucking worked my whole
life to get here i wanted to play and and be good but i knew i had room to do what i wanted to do
and like fuck it was it was unbelievable yeah yans is there like we were together in san antonio for
about half of that year and then he was up and you know having guys like him there just made it so
like so easy like he talks like such a jackass and stuff like that,
but got such a big heart on him.
You know, he made things easier.
Like, Mo, like Derek Morris made things so easy.
Shane Doan was fucking unbelievable.
Joe, I was the oldest guy on the fucking team when I got called up.
I was older than Joe Banoski by, like, two months or something like that.
So I get called up for my first game ever.
I'm the oldest guy on the fucking team.
It was just surreal, right?
Like, but it was fun.
It was a blast.
We're going to have to get into Derek Morris.
We'll go back to that.
But just how cool is that?
You know, we talk about the brotherhood and the code.
Horty asking you, and he's saying, yo, if you want one, I'll give you one.
But now saying that, you guys would have had a punch in the face match.
You guys would have fought like fucking men.
But the fact that he asked you, but also he's like, hey,
if you're a little nervous and you don't want it
and you want to play a little bit, I'm good with that too.
So that's like that.
I feel like the game might lack that now.
That's nonexistent. Yeah, it's, you know, we can talk for days feel like the game might lack that now. That's, that's non-existent.
Yeah.
It's, you know, we can talk for days about how the game is different, but it was, uh,
that, that was really cool how everybody on the other team actually like knew or gave
a shit enough just to say something to me or, you know, and, and treated me great on
the ice.
Everybody was good.
And, and even the reps, like, fuck, I've been done nothing but terrorize and make refs life fucking hell my whole life but the refs after the game came up to me and
like both refs and the linesmen they come up and said we don't know if you got one or not we're
fucking really fucking happy for you and we got a puck for you so you know it's not much but we
know how this shit this means a lot and we're proud of you i'm like holy fuck you're choking me up now too like it was it was so such an unbelievable
experience and and everybody made it better like nobody made it worse it was i don't know i can't
i can't say enough about how how neat that was i got wayne gretzky telling me to do a good job
like fuck say what you will. Good coach, bad coach,
whatever.
I grew up watching Wayne
and the best player ever,
you know,
and he's patting me on the back
like, Pistol, great job.
I'm like, oh, fuck.
Yeah, I can fucking follow.
I did it.
I'm good.
I fucking did it.
Yeah.
Lots of people telling me
along the way, you know,
you're too slow,
you're not big enough,
you're not good enough.
And, you know,
always took that as fuel, right? And just finally finally even though it was only for a couple games and
everybody say yeah fuck whatever but i did it so i can always say that too so speaking about the
best ever you actually got health bombs for one of the best ever did you not gordy how
yeah i can fucking scratch for gordy i tell like i tell i tell people that yeah you are fucking old
but we got uh i was in uh detroit like the vipers in the international league um my second year pro
so this is like 96 97 somewhere in there maybe 98 but uh yeah i'm sitting there pedaling away
in the bike in the middle training camp the door opens
and fucking gordie how walks in like what the fuck that's gordie how and he comes right over
to me and says hi you're pete vanamere right what yeah you're fucking red deer guy like fuck i love
red deer he told me a couple stories about red deer and then he walks off like did i just fucking
have a stroke or something riding the bike like i, I'm pretty sure Gordy just came in here and talked to me.
Like, yeah, he's coming.
He's playing a game.
So he came and played our opening game.
It was me and I think it was either Dan Kessler or Scotty Walker.
I don't remember who exactly, but there was two of us forwards
that had to sit out healthy scratch for the opening game of the year.
And fucking Gordy played the first shift, played like,
he was out there for like two minutes, comes off, sits on the bench,
watches the rest of the first period,
then he took his shit off and went home afterwards.
Like, he was an old man, but he was, fuck, it was something else.
I got scratched for Gordy.
Yeah, I mean, that's a feather in your cap that you'll always have.
I want to go back to, I mentioned you played with your brothers.
I'm assuming you probably played against one or two of them at a time.
Did you ever fight any of your brothers in any leagues?
No, you know what?
I never played against any one of them.
Oh, no shit.
I played with Jim in Philadelphia.
But Dan and Joe were mostly in the East Coast League.
And by the time I played, after I played with them that year,
I was in the American League the rest of the time,
and they came up, both of them, I think,
played a few games in the American League,
but weren't regulars in the American League.
We were regulars in the Coast and had great careers,
both of them, at that level,
but we never played against each other,
and then me and Jim never played against each other either,
so it was good. Otherwise, i would have fucking killed him i got to uh i got to ask
about derrick morris you mentioned him as one of the guys who made you feel welcome i mean did you
know him growing up at all and like he must have been over the top because i've never met a guy who
like wants everyone around them to have an unbelievable experience. He's so giving.
Yeah, he's a great dude.
Well, him and my brother Joe played like Phantom and Midget together,
like here in Sylvan Lake and Red Deer, like Midget AAA and shit like that.
And then, like I played against Eric when he was in Regina in the Western League.
And then actually his two brothers played with another two of my brothers too growing up right so the new mole forever the family all that shit day and
i come down there to training camp that year in august or whatever and like i i stayed at mo's
house and just made me feel awesome my my wife at the time she was like fucking eight months pregnant
too right and they you know totally looked after us. And, you know, how Mo is.
He's one of the best fucking humans ever.
Well, that tells you everything right there, that story.
Yeah, totally looked after us.
And like, fuck, you're not staying in a hotel.
You're staying here at our place.
And same time I'd call up, like, no, you're staying here.
You got the fucking east wing of this fucking place there, Greyhawk.
Oh, you got a nice house.
Yeah, as long as he, fuck, you don't trip on his ranch fucking walking there, Greyhawk. Oh, you got a nice house. Yeah, as long as
you don't trip on his wrench fucking walking
by him, holy shit.
He does have a weapon
on him.
Yeah, we haven't had a lot of wrench talk on our
podcast lately. I mean, we're walking the
fine line there, but I'm sure Mo will
appreciate the tire pump there. He's no
Jim McKenzie, though. Let's not get carried
away.
I've seen a lot of dicks, but I haven't seen Jim McKenzie's dick, so I'll take your word for
it. Well, I'm taking Shane Doan's word for it. He doesn't talk about dicks a lot because he's
got a rope on himself. Yeah, that's an urban legend at this point. The haters are going to
love this conversation. Pete, you mentioned in our text that you started and finished in the coast.
How much did the coast change in that 14, 15-year difference
from when you started to when you retired?
Oh, enough for me to get fucking suspended for life out of it by the end.
Oh, really?
Well, not for life.
I got a pretty good suspension.
Like I coach all the kids,
and they look up shit on YouTube all the time,
and the first thing that comes up is like my last game in the East Coast
where I lost my shit down in Vegas and chased a guy around to kill him.
But it changes like everything else, right?
The whole game changed, and everybody had to change along with it.
For a long time time I changed lots and
adapted and like I was never that good or fast to start with but I found ways to stay in the game for
a lot longer than my my skill set let me sort of deal and it just finally got to a point where I
couldn't change and adapt anymore and I'd gotten older and slower and there was just no room for
for old cranky guys that are yelling and swearing
at everybody's at everybody's coach and tough guy and skilled guy and the raps and everything else
like you're not allowed to fucking spear guys in the face anymore so i had to go home well you were
you looked insane out there when did you go to the full shaved head you were like an absolute
menace to society skating around trying to kill people with the bald,
the bald look.
Fuck.
That was early.
I was like,
when I was playing in Providence,
I played for Pete Labulette for a couple of years in,
in Providence there at the Bruins.
And fuck the old salad.
It was starting to get squeaked right off.
I had patches like a mangy kite.
So I had to shave her down and it worked like not,
it doesn't work. It doesn't work for everybody for everybody right like everybody's pumpkins are sheep different but
it kind of worked for me and you shaved heads throw a goatee on no teeth and fucking
fucking yell at everybody like you're gonna rip their face off like you scare half of them
three quarters of them off anyway so it helped vandy um the year in grand rapids you play with bootland okay so we've had
this guy on twice and i think he's like walking on eggshells he doesn't want to go too far this guy
was a maniac in the minors a fucking maniac man tell us about this guy in the minors because he
won't come on and let it fling i know like i've listened to him and like i think he yeah calm when he's fucking hammered or he's
fucking fucked up or not sleeping or something because he's he doesn't come off like him on
on your podcast hey like he was a blast like he scored goals he fought all the time he was
you know a little bit of a pretender like he'd he'd fight guys he knew he could beat up and then i played with him and lived with him but like he was a good player and did
lots of cool shit on the ice and drove everybody nuts that guy the tail that that guy drugged down
it was unbelievable he had a trap line eight miles long every town everywhere we went to this guy was
a fucking machine, man.
They had a cake for him when he was in Portland
that they brought on the bus for his
500th notch.
He was like fucking 23
years old.
This guy was a fucking... He would terrorize
every town he'd go to.
He was like
Mick Jagger that was going
every minor town.
He wasn't beautiful or was like Mick Jagger. Like it was going every minorly town.
And he wasn't beautiful or anything like that either.
He didn't have a great body. He was a wheel, man.
Okay.
But he would talk to anybody about anything, right?
Like it was, every day I'd come home at lunch and there'd be three broads on the couch.
I'm like, what are you doing?
Like, how is this even possible?
Like it was, it was every day, all day.
And, like, if he thought about hockey half as much as he did about
chasing tail, he'd be a Hall of Famer.
It was unbelievable.
Must have been some residuals, though.
Oh, man.
Well, I guess we probably just got him in trouble.
But, like, I don't really give a shit because the guy's a legend that he
should be talked about.
Like, he was such a caricature of the minors that, like you said, I mean,
yeah, if he dialed it in, he probably could have had a nice,
lengthy NHL career.
Yeah, like, he got some games in Detroit and stuff like that too,
but, like, he was a good player and he was tough and he was smart enough
not to fight guys that he'd get his ass
kicked but he had other guys around him and but you know not just chasing the brags or whatever
but he made the room go around a like he was a fine master and he fucking kept everybody loose
and happy and you know we're just let's talk about the fine master let's talk about the fine
master a little bit for people who are like what what's the fine master, the fine master,
put some crazy music on it. Like I'm shooting fucking fire and shit.
Fire master. Go ahead. Chasing people down for money.
Yeah. Oh, you guys were talking about this on one of your earlier podcasts there,
but yeah, you, it doesn't matter what league,
like I played in every league that there is. And they just,
you put zeros on the end of the fines,
right?
Like your tie looks like shit.
Okay.
That's 20 bucks or you're fucking late.
It's a hundred bucks.
So in the fine masters,
the guy's got to run around and collect everything.
Right.
And then he usually sits on the kangaroo court.
Oh yeah.
One of the prosecutors.
Right.
You guys didn't get into that.
Your last talk.
Oh,
very,
very, what's the craziest kangaroo court case you've ever seen?
Like, who's fucking whose girlfriend?
Like, what's going on?
Oh, there's been a few of those.
I'll keep her PG, but in Chile, we're playing there.
We were, but we fucking, there's a couple of us who went and got,
we were on a fucking skid, eh? We were on, like, a seven-game skid, and we, we fucking, there's a couple of us who went and got, we're on a fucking skid. They were on like a seven game skid and oh, fuck it.
It was hell.
The world was ending.
Right.
So we went down to this farmer and got a couple of chickens and we fucking stock them in the stalls, like underneath the stalls there, like where you fucking hide your bag and shit.
And so in the morning, fucking everybody just down and fucking shitty, whatever.
Anyway, these fucking chickens come flying out, fucking everywhere fucking scare everybody trainer had a fucking heart attack
anyways we fucking and what we fucking kept it quiet quiet and then it came to kangaroo core
fuck this has got to come out because like fucking bobby clark's gonna fucking fire us all paul
holmgren's fucking mad like animal rights fucking people were involved and like oh fuck it was
supposed to be funny.
But it was a big deal and we were guilty. Me and Mike Sickling
were fucking guilty. I don't know, it was
fucking funny at the time. I guess you kind of had to be
there, but it was a good deal.
Oh my goodness.
I don't think that was, I don't think
that counts as a had to be there.
I think that sounds pretty
effing funny to me.
Nah, man.
I was, uh, cheers.
Oh, God, that was funny.
Oh, man.
Oh.
Pete, I want to ask you, um, you're going back to your jersey.
Where do you keep your jersey?
Well, if you had one or two from the two games in the NHL,
where do you keep them?
I got them, I got that one and that big
crazy year I played with Dan and Joe in East Coast
League, I got to go to an All-Star game
so I've got both of them
just on my wall down
in my basement, like I've got that and I
got a couple other, you know, pretty
cool memorabilia things and then
I got my old lady
fitness fucking modeling trophy
shits and that kind of stuff.
And then my kids' medals and some trophies downstairs in our living room downstairs.
And, yeah, I have it there.
It just sat in the closet at my mom and dad's house for quite a while.
But, yeah, just on the wall.
It's pretty cool.
Go wander and buy it every once in a while.
I'm kind of like, oh, yeah, I did do that once upon a time.
Absolutely.
Now you had, you know, you had a few pit stops during your career.
What was your favorite pit stop that you played in?
Uh, yeah, I get asked that quite a bit actually,
because fuck, I played in enough towns,
but two places really stand out other than, you know,
getting in Phoenix and the sun and golfing and all that shit.
But that same year in San Antonio, the city was just awesome.
Like, weather's great, great golf.
People were really similar in Texas as they are here in Alberta.
You know, kind of laid back, you know, show me what you're all about.
You know, as long as you work hard, you're fine.
And I really loved it down there.
It was cool.
Had one of my daughters born there.
Always, you know, a pretty special place to me because of that.
The other places was Hershey, Pennsylvania.
They played for Washington and had their team there.
I don't know if they still are affiliated with Washington or not,
but Hershey was awesome.
It was like Buzzingville, right?
Everybody's got a job.
They either work with Hercule in the chocolate factory
or they work at the big university hospital.
Everybody's got a job.
The streets are fucking clean.
The streetlights are Hershey kisses.
And,
you know,
we work for,
you know,
the,
the building's at 12 and it was full every night. And we had a sick team.
Brucie Boudreau was coaching us and we kicked the shit out of everybody that
year.
And it was just fun.
And wherever you're,
you're winning,
right. It's, it's going to be a fun place.
But the quality of life and shit, those two places were great.
Well, I think all your pit stops made you this entertaining.
And I will say, minus the L, you can't spell pit stop without pistol.
So it makes total sense that you're buzzing around these leagues,
fighting anyone, doing anything it takes,
and then becoming everyone's favorite teammate. So it's like, when
you finally were out of the game,
was it really hard for you? Or did you
know at the time, alright,
this is it. I can't get a job anywhere.
Well, yeah.
I knew I was down. Like, I was...
Well, fuck, I retired about three times.
Fuck, I'm still playing senior hockey for Christ's sake.
You fighting there? No, nobody will fight three times. Fuck, I'm still playing senior hockey for Christ's sake. You fighting there?
No, nobody will fight me here.
I'll fucking push.
You're fucking crazy if you're still playing senior scrapping.
Like, tone it down, buddy.
Christ, we know you're tough.
You had a good run.
Have a gumby or something.
Enjoy it, man.
Take the edge off.
Have a pink Whitney.
We'll get you a massage.
Yeah, have you had any pink Whitney?
Have you had any Pink Whitney pistol?
Hey, if you get one fucking penny off of every bottle that's bought in Alberta,
you're fucking loaded.
No wonder you can fly all over the world golfing for Christ's sake.
You can't keep that shit in the stores.
I'm not on a private jet when I'm doing it.
There's always more.
Fuck me.
It's okay, and I enjoy it.
It'd be nice if the sun came out here. I'd drinking around the deck now but yeah it's good but vandy people go apeshit over that vandy
fucking hockey needed it's arnold palmer and they got it that's like fucking rights buddy that's the
lord's juice the hockey gods baby that's what we're doing over here we're keeping it live this
fuck this like let's fucking go underground with the stories.
Hey, the only difference is Arnold Palmer used to rip his chest hair out of his chest
and throw it up into the wind to see which way the wind was blowing,
and I would flamingo to get out of the way of a blocked shot,
and then it hit my other ankle.
So that's about what we have in common, Pistol.
Oh, that's awesome.
Fucking good on you guys.
That's cool as shit.
You guys have turned this into something awesome.
It's really neat to see.
We're going to end up being in your neck of the woods,
and then we can do a live show.
You can come on stage for that.
Then we really get her flowing.
Fuck, I'd love to.
You guys got to get up here for Sam.
That'd be the easiest money I ever made.
Hey, that'd be the easiest money I ever made. Hey, that'd be the easiest money I ever made.
I'd just hand you the mic and say, let her rip, bud.
Let her fucking rip.
Entertain these people for two hours, man.
We'll do two shows a day, too.
Yeah, you'll probably.
What's the cut there?
We'll get you good, buddy.
We'll get you good.
What did you say we should come up for?
Which event? Like Stampede or something. good, buddy. We'll get you good. What did you say we should come up for? Which event?
Like Stampede or something.
Oh, okay.
I've been up for that.
Listen, I am going to get these guys to Stampede.
Unfortunately, I think it's going to be canceled this year because of what's going on.
But Stampede is something that we have.
Alberta is probably our most hardcore fan base.
I put it on par with
anyone. I put them toe-to-toe
with Boston.
Like everybody here,
everybody here is all over you guys.
Like seriously, the housewives
to all the guys that work in the
oil patch and fucking farmers.
And everybody's played hockey, right?
So everybody's... You right hey so like everybody's you know you
guys appeal to a to a pretty wide range up here i don't know what that says about i know what it
would be this is what it would be this is what it would be all right it would be like johnny cash's
version of like going to prison and playing us going to do a live show at one of the rigs
that would be the comparison man like just get them r, man. They're up in the boonies
doing their thing, man.
Bring a show.
One more before we let you go. You played
in Providence for a bit. You played with
Kaka Bates, Sean Bates.
I know it wasn't long, but any wild
stories from that character?
Oh, that one-eyed bastard? No,
fuck you. He was fun.
He told me he'd come on, R.A.
Oh, we got to get him on.
Yeah, we're going to get Batesy on.
Holy shit.
Like, fuck.
Honestly, R.A., like, that was so fucking long ago.
Like, that was in, like, 2000.
Like, fuck, it's 20 years ago.
Like, I'm still 16 in my head, but I try reaching for memories, and holy shit.
That was a long time ago.
Like, we had, like, Joel Pur like Joel perfect and fucking was Birch there.
No,
Bobby beers was playing with us.
Like he was at the end of his run and like Eric necklace.
Perfect.
Uh,
Landon Wilson.
And yeah,
fucking Batesy.
You want it?
Jason Krog.
Fuck all these guys.
But yeah,
Batesy was just,
I didn't know people actually talk like you fuckers talk until I fucking went
there.
And then Batesy, how he talks, oh, my God.
We had fun.
We drank too much and fought too much.
We had fun.
Seven fucking goalies you went through that year, too.
Was there any particular story that you wanted to tell on the podcast?
Because, like, Larry Landon reached out because we're helping out
with the ECHL Player Relief Fund.
That's kind of how this interview all got connected.
Obviously, we're trying to help those guys out.
You know what some of those guys were making at that level.
But, man, you've been quite the treat.
Well, yeah, and Larry gave me a shout there too.
I was on the executive there for all those years and shit like that
and got to be good friends with him.
They keep giving me awards.
I think they just give me shit so I come down to Orlando
and get drunk and tell stories every fucking summer.
It horrifies the kids, right?
Give Pisco the Community Service Award for the fourth straight season.
He wrecked the kids that one day when he was hung over at uh eager elementary hey larry
landon's talking the city to give him the key the city and and like just to get him down there for
like one more run at this yeah yeah and that's what they just canceled the shit for this year
so i i guess they're planning to do it next year again hey but yeah you you guys know like they do
a lot of shit and whether you spent any time on the coast or not, like, you know,
guys aren't making a lot of dough.
And, yeah, it's fucking tough, not just for the guys,
but for the teams, right?
Like, I did three CBAs in the American League,
and the fucking margins there were nonexistent.
And it's even worse on the coast, right?
Like, I don't know how many of these teams are going to be able to bounce
back after this stuff.
The more, the merrier for sure, but they're going to need help too,
just like everybody.
Yep, no doubt about that.
Well said.
Well, Pete, congratulations.
You're the first annual winner of the Pete the Tree Award.
You can come down to Orlando and collect your prize.
Hey, Pistol, thank you so much, and congrats on a long great career it's awesome you got to play
those nhl games and we appreciate you coming on so we'll see you when we're in town at some point
as always a big thanks to pete vandermeer for joining chicklets today had a blast talking to
him hopefully you guys were entertained by it as well and we do want to mention that today's Spit and Chicklets episode is brought to you by Boikies. B-O-I-K-E-Y-S. Boikies makes the most delicious air-dried beef
called Biltong. Think of a healthier version of jerky with 30 more protein. Boikies Biltong is
often compared to a tender and flavorful slice of high-end prosciutto. With ingredients that you
can pronounce like red wine vinegar toasted coriander rosemary and salt
and pepper boikies built on is a snack you can count on to fill you up and not bring you down
made in the u.s with usda bottom round beef boikies takes pride in making the most portable
high protein power snack think of two ounce package think of each two ounce package is a
perfectly seasoned five ounce steak the only preservatives they use are vinegar and salt.
And compared to most jerky, Biltong contains half the sodium and zero sugar.
You can buy Boyke's Biltong on their website at www.boikeys.com.
That's Boyke's.
And you can go to Amazon as well.
Use the code biz20 at checkout for 20 off your first order.
And also follow them on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter at EatBoikies.
Again, that's B-O-I-K-E-Y-S.
All right, guys.
Earlier I did mention the big watch over the weekend was the Match 2
in which Phil Mickelson and Tom Brady took on Tiger Woods and Peyton Manning.
So we'll go to our golf expert for his take on this one. Whit? Phil Mickelson and Tom Brady took on Tiger Woods and Peyton Manning.
So we'll go to a golf expert for his take on this one.
Whit?
Yeah, I believe at one point there was over 6 million people watching it. And I want to say that might have broke a record for most people ever watching a golf event on cable TV.
I loved it.
I mean, I didn't really know what to expect.
I figured after watching the McElroy-Dustin Johnson vs. Fowler-Matt Wolf competition at Seminole. Yeah, I didn't really know what to expect. I figured after watching the McElroy, Dustin Johnson versus Fowler,
Matt Wolfe competition at Seminole.
Yeah, I've played there.
The week before, that was a little boring.
Guys carrying their own bags, a little different.
I knew this would be better just because of the Peyton Manning
and Brady aspect, but it really kind of exceeded expectations.
And, I mean, if you want to talk about the game of golf
and how insane the actual sport is, Tom Brady, how horrible was that guy?
I don't know if people caught it.
He was hitting dead shanks right into the hazard.
He didn't know where to drop the ball at one point.
And then what do you know? that happened to go 18 holes when he dunks a birdie from about 130 yards out,
splits his pants getting the ball out of the cup with his microphone
and console hanging from the back of his pants.
It's like every person who's ever played golf,
no matter if you're a one handicap or a 20 handicap,
you have a shot that brings you back.
It makes you play the next day.
It's like, oh, my God, that one shot, that's what has the bug inside me. I need to play again because that one shot was so good. I can do that again.
So you saw a great example out with Brady. Peyton Manning's got some nice game.
I just thought it was cool in terms of getting the microphones on the guys. They had the cameras on
the cart so you could hear kind of what they were maybe saying, a little things driving on their carts by themselves. And then there was an example of
Mickelson talking about how he was going to hit a chip shot and what was going to happen and the
grain on the green and all the things that a lot of people don't know about. And then he does it
to perfection after describing what he was going to do. So microphones on players in the future
and the PGA tour, especially when there's no fans at the events, maybe that's a possibility. I think that would be cool.
And now you're not going to hear guys like saying things that they,
that they don't want out there,
but in terms of as a golf nut,
you're going to hear about them describing to their caddy,
how they're going to play a shot,
what they're going to do.
I think that's interesting.
I think people enjoyed it.
And more than anything,
you just see that it's a hard game.
It doesn't matter how good you are at other sports.
Brady's the best of all time at football.
Manning's right up there.
And you saw moments when they both struggled, especially TB12.
But I had a blast watching it.
I think with no live sports action, it went off real well.
And I thought it was overall a huge success,
including battling through a horrible, horrible weather delay
where it's raining half the round.
It was tough for some
people to see tom brady look normal and i don't think anyone was enjoying it more at the time
especially early in that round than than chuck barkley was in his ear just chirping him and then
sure shit he gets up there and hits that shot and then tom brady just absolutely giving it to chuck
back which which that was kind of the highlight.
I ended up seeing that all over social media.
I didn't watch the whole event,
but it was obvious that people were craving sports,
and people got a lot of laughs,
and it created that social engagement.
So that was a little primer for the NHL reboot here.
Yeah, and also they had Justin Thomas
as one of the top players in the world.
He was walking around with a headset on and interviewing guys i think at one point he said i'd love to see
your fat ass try to dunk a basketball chuck to barkley who's just so good at his job because
they throw this basketball analyst on there who's just a straight-up comedian and he's making this
golf broadcast even better so tnt who doesn't even do golf, crushing
CBS and their shitbag
broadcast of all the tournaments
they show. So, I mean, I loved it.
I was blown away. I'm going to try to join
Medalist. How are you? What a course that
is in Hope Sound. Tiger Woods is home track.
Thank you. Yeah, that was the most
human Tom Brady has looked since his draft day
photo fucking 20-some-odd
years ago. Are you body shaming right now, R.A.?
Buddy, it's impossible for me to body shame.
I'm the guy who gets body shamed.
I know, just kidding.
No, I know, buddy.
But it was indicative, like you said, how fucking horny people are for sports.
It was the most watched golf event in cable TV history.
Now, that's obviously not network TV, ABC, CBS, NBC.
Still impressive nonetheless. I think people just want fucking TV, ABC, CBS, NBC. Still impressive nonetheless.
I think people just want fucking sports.
They want sports, man.
They want sports.
And it's crazy to think how much sports means to society.
Without getting too deep, you don't really think about it at the time.
You're gambling on it.
You've got diehard fans of teams, of individual athletes in tennis and golf,
blah, blah, blah, et cetera, et cetera.
But, man, does sports matter.
For the overall vibe of the entire world, sports matters.
You need it.
You need competition.
You need to be able to watch things to get you fired up,
to give you a reason to get to 7 o'clock.
You put the kids to bed.
You crack open a Pink Whitney and you watch some goddamn live sports.
Fucking Pandemic Cup cup here we come
a um i actually thought of this the other day uh to mark it down i've been talking to
dion for enough quite a bit lately because we're i can't wait to interview him we're both we're
both planning our comebacks to the game after this phase two process gets uh fully blown out
of proportion but remember when i told you guys a story about when he pulled up to
Starbucks or Tim Hortons with his brand new Jeep SR eight and left it
running,
goes in and get his coffee as he did before games.
So he calls me and he's like,
you left out part of the story.
So one,
I think one of the guys ended up seeing it drive by them on the way to
the rink.
It went blowing by them.
They thought it was Dion in there. Also at the time he had his gps set to the home settings so they were on a road trip
and the people who stole the car the whoever the perpetrator was they end up going to his address
to try to rob the place because he completely forgot that it was like, you know, dialed in there.
But David Moss was actually at the house because he didn't go on the road trip
because he was injured.
So he ended up coming, like, they ended up, like,
coming to try to break in the house, and David Moss was home.
He was shitting his pants.
So how crazy is that?
Crazy, and then that's even going to lead me into something else
because David Moss, I've been told by numerous people,
including Eric Nystrom, who I love, one of my favorite ex-teammates,
U.S. National Program, 2000, 2001, is one of the best guys going.
He's always told me, David Moss, one of my best buddies, what a guy.
Well, where does that lead us into?
That leads us into the 40th anniversary, I believe, R.A.,
of the New York Islanders winning their first of four straight Stanley Cups.
And you know what happened in that first one?
Bob Nystrom, Eric Nystrom's father, Eric Nystrom,
who's great friends with David Moss, who we just bring up,
talk about hockey being a small world.
Bob Nystrom scores the overtime winner in what would then be the first
of four straight Stanley Cups. Congrats to them. Congrats to Bob Nystrom, who overtime winner in what would then be the first of four straight Stanley Cups.
The honors.
Congrats to them.
Congrats to Bob Nystrom, who is, by the way, I'm telling you right now, if he's 5 body fat, I'd be shocked.
He's probably at 3.7.
The dude's straight up ripped.
He's got to be over 60 years old and he's a savage.
And so is his son, Eric.
And so is David Moss.
So thank you, Whit, for bringing that all together.
Yeah. his dad
scored the game six overtime
winner to bring him the first cup, he said.
But what's so impressive about that Islanders
squad, they won 19
fucking straight series. They won the four
cups in a row, then they won three more, and then
they lost the cup in 84 when
the Edmonton won
their first. That was for five straight,
huh? That was cool. They were going for five straight.
They won 19 series.
Is any team ever going to win 19 series?
No, no team will ever win nine in a row again.
Yeah.
Pittsburgh, what did Pittsburgh do?
They did eight, and then they lost in the first round to the Islanders,
I believe.
So that would have been nine.
I'm going to say no team ever wins 10 series in a row again.
That's what I'll say.
Because that means you've got to go two cups and then to the conference finals. That's it. nine i'm gonna say no team ever wins 10 series in a row again that's what i'll say because that
means you got to go two cups and then to the conference finals that's it nine may happen
10 will never happen again yes would you i would consider uh would you consider two cups in three
years a modern day dynasty in the nhl given the salary cap you have a dynasty the word dynasties... Three? Do you consider three?
If you win three
cups in a six to seven
year span from now moving to the rest
of time, you're a dynasty.
But two cups in like
seven years?
The kings of dynasty or just a really good fucking team?
No, I do not consider the kings of dynasty.
Okay, alright.
I know you want to call it a Cup with the organization, but sorry.
Well, wait.
Let's go.
Let's two Stanley Cups and then a Calder Cup in between.
That's a fucking dynasty.
That's two and a half.
We gave three to Colin Frazier.
Even Frazier said he has two and a half cups, I believe.
I think he just put three on the website.
He does lessons for him and stuff.
He's like, ah, three-time cup champion.
What an interview, by the way, he got was we got great feedback on frasel dazzle
i appreciate him coming on we've mentioned the stanley cup we've mentioned the call the cup i
think it's time we talk about the chiclets cup brought to you by our friends at devawa uh we
had our buddy frankie barelli uh play uh pat connorton uh like there was that last friday
night i can't keep track. And then Christian Fisher
played Freddie Anderson on Tuesday night.
Cronelli, give us an update. Where are we at, buddy?
Oof, the comeback of the
century this Tuesday. I mean, Freddie
Anderson, I mean, this game was unbelievable
and Biz just got up and left. He thought
the game was over. I went to take a piss.
Freddie Anderson pulls off the comeback of the century.
Well, for everyone who
hasn't seen it or won't seen it,
it's a two out of three series,
and Freddie Anderson, as the Maple Leafs, wins the first game.
So game two, he's trying to close them out.
Fisher goes up 3-1, and with one minute and 12 seconds to go,
he says, Biz, I got this one locked up.
Which, by the way, Biz isn't even there because he got up the hose.
I am a veteran
and a professional. I pee in empty
water bottles, so I don't get up ever.
I don't leave streams. Biz left
as Fisher is talking complete nonsense
that the game's over. What happens?
16 seconds later,
Freddie Anderson makes it 3-2.
There's now 56 seconds left.
And then with 5 seconds
to go, ties it up and wins in overtime.
I get my 300 back from Biz Nasty 2.0.
Fisher embarrasses himself like most of the Coyotes do on a regular basis.
Freddie Anderson continues his reign as one of the top goalies in the league
and maybe one of the best NHL 20 players in the NHL.
And it was a great night.
So I want to tell everyone, as I've said before,
it is a lot of fun doing these things i really think it's similar to a to one of the episodes you're listening to now
check it out watch the stream i think you'll enjoy it and and like listen i i was never a video game
guy well at least in the first little bit here especially with the streaming stuff but like
slowly i'm like getting drawn into it and it's a great way for us to connect with the younger players nowadays too because that's something that they're interested
in so we get to give our play-by-play have a little fun draw some personality out of them
and i thought fisher and anderson were not only the most entertaining to watch play
but uh you know they were telling some great stories and uh and freddie was getting into a
few of his uh what was it, the Hawaii trip?
What was the one story?
Yeah, Carl Gliano has some great, great Anderson stories in Hawaii
where, I mean, he's trying to hang with a full-blown.
What's the Italian neighborhood outside Toronto, Biz?
They're all Italian.
Woodbridge.
Woodbridge.
He's a Woodbridge Italian who gets completely, perfectly bronzed up after one day in the sun.
Freddie Anderson's a Dane who looks like Ed Sheeran, one of the top performers in the world.
I went to his concert. I said on the stream, 60,000. He played two and a half hours by himself.
He was wrapping up on stage. What a guy. Goalie looks like him.
Performs just as well on the net as Sheeran does on the stage.
Sheeran, I mean, excuseeran I mean excuse me Anderson's
trying to tan with Cogliano in Hawaii he's got he's got third degree burns on
his back trying to hang with a with an olive skinned Andrew Cogliano who
should still be the uh Ironman holder in the NHL if it wasn't
for George Parra's screwjob so check it all out we go into all this
check it out just you had nothing going on until hockey starts.
Give it a look. And Ari, you might
know this. We got into the Ed Sheeran
Halloween costume that Freddie Anderson
wore. One of the best look-alike
costumes. And he even said he grew out his own
hair to look like him. When
Ed Sheeran first came over,
was it not true that he was living on
Jamie Foxx's couch?
And how he kind of became popular and got discovered
was he would play guitar at his after-hours parties
and just jam session with all these A-listers,
and then all of a sudden he just became extremely famous
and more famous than most of the people that were at that party.
Honestly, I can't say I'm very familiar with his catalog
or his history, but Grinnelli seems to think it's true.
Yeah, he slept on his couch for six weeks.
How did he know Jamie Foxx?
Jamie Foxx discovered him.
I believe he discovered him at some type of  he was playing at a comedy club, I think.
Yeah, because Jamie  I mean, he went to college for music,
playing the piano and stuff, Jamie Foxx.
If you ask me, Jamie Foxx, I mean, that's a five-tool player.
Five-tool. the piano stuff jamie fox if you ask me jamie fox i mean that's a five tool player five tool funny musician great actor jamie fox does it all and he also was on in living color which is just
a fire show from back in the day when ra was still at north adams state studying sociology
no english guy i wasn't i uh and and i completely agree with that he He's a five-star.
And he went on Howard Stern.
I believe that's where I originally heard that Ed Sheeran thing,
if I'm not mistaken.
I would encourage anyone to go back and listen to that Howard Stern,
Jamie Foxx interview because it was tremendous, and it made me think even more highly of him afterward.
Whit, have you been able to watch Ray yet, by the way?
No, no.
Oh, my goodness.
I got into Vanderpump Rules the most recent season.
Jax Taylor, guys.
We got a big fan there.
I didn't realize this.
This dude loves chicklets.
He loves barstool.
Let's get him some gear.
ASAP.
Now, God knows when Vanderpump Rules will be recording again.
But what a show.
The wife was into it, and I i hopped in and it grabbed me it was like uh michael
corleone just when i thought i was out they pulled me back in how'd i do there all right
pretty good it's what's funny about that quote it's from godfather 3 which is like the movie
the worst movie gods but that that quote has managed to linger i'll tell you that
now speaking of movies we got a follow-up from last week. Biz brought up lawsuits, what so-called frivolous lawsuits.
And I mentioned the infamous McDonald's spilled coffee case.
And I instantly.
What a loser.
The one guy who's like, you're spreading false information.
Shut up.
Yeah.
Which I really didn't.
I just I went back and listened.
And all I did was mention the case, which, yeah, I didn't follow up on the second part, but I didn't really give out any wrong information.
I said that was a case people noted.
Well, then everyone's like, oh, you've got to watch this documentary, Hot Coffee.
And I'm like, geez, that sounds familiar.
So I did a Twitter search with my name and Hot Coffee.
Not only did I see this nine years ago, I tweeted fucking incessantly about it.
Like I told everyone, oh, you've got to watch this documentary.
You've got to watch this documentary.
Smoke more weed, Turtle. Smoke more weed, turtle.
Smoke more weed, turtle.
Exactly.
Well, I think too,
when you get older,
when your brain gets full
and like when you get new information,
it pushes old info out.
So I think I watched one documentary
and it pushed the hot coffee information
out of my brain.
Well, hey, I'm like you
where I don't remember anything,
but the good part about it is people retell me stories that I was there for.
But it's like I'm hearing it for the first time.
I enjoy my life like this.
I never remember.
They're like, oh, no, you're fucking wrong.
No, I don't remember.
Tell me.
And then I get to relive the whole thing, even though I was there the first time.
So shout out to Mush Brain Wit.
Shout out to Weed Brain RA.
Sometimes it's great to not remember what you actually lived through.
I think I tell the same 10 stories on this podcast just on repeat.
And I think every time I say it, I think I've told this before.
Hey, Mike, have you guys ever heard about the time I went spray tanning
before the Anaheim Ducks camp?
Did you know there's an Aldo at the West Edmonton Mall.
But anyways, Biz, I did go back.
I watched Hot Coffee again.
And what basically it does, it explains the whole myth of that story.
Now, the woman, she was awarded, I think it was over 3 million
for being severely burned.
Now, yes, she did put the cup of coffee between her knees,
which probably not recommended. However, McDonald's coffee was being, yes, she did put the cup of coffee between her knees, which probably not recommended.
However, McDonald's coffee was being like, it's not stored just in the, when you have it right
on the little coffee machine, it was being kept between 180 and 190 degrees Fahrenheit,
which is fucking ridiculously high, high, a number to keep it at. And she was found 20
responsible, but they found 80 responsibility for McDonald's.
And the reason being they had 700 complaints about hot coffee in the previous 10 years,
700 of them of people being burned, scalded, the coffee was being kept way too hot. So yeah,
the woman probably shouldn't have put it between her knees to, to put the cream and sugar in, but
it shouldn't have never been that hot. And what
happened was she got that money and then the award was reduced because of what they have,
these caps, these fucking, well, whatever, award caps. So she ended up settling out of court and
she can't talk about it when she's deceased now, but it was a non-disclosure agreement.
But what the documentary explains is how lawyers,ists insurance companies and media proceed to all team up and
rig the game and it's actually kind of disturbing how like that one judge in um mississippi how
basically they he was too friendly to plaintiffs that they wanted him off the fucking court so they
brought in their own judge they basically spend all this money on bad um bad advertising making
the guy look bad.
And they fucking,
they,
then when he won the fucking case,
they filed,
they filed the charges against them for bribery because of his buddy gave
him a loan.
It was,
it's so such corruption on such a level.
I'm surprised they actually forgot.
I watched it,
but anyways,
there's a lot more to the story.
The woman,
yeah,
she,
she spilled the coffee.
She didn't get all that money.
It's a shame that she became somewhat of a punchline because there's actually a whole other story about it.
And it gets you sick watching it because it's just a reminder
that things are rigged against the little man in this country a lot of the time.
Damn, that got deep, R.A., and you explained that awesome.
I got emotional there.
My whole takeaway from the thing is when you get a hot coffee
from McDonald's, Dunk duncan starbucks anywhere when you decide to put the
milk and cream in don't put it between your legs like let's use our brain here right yes put you
put it on maybe a flat hard surface because yeah it was stupid that they were serving the coffee
that hot but the woman to have it in between her legs, oh my God, what are you doing?
It's like taking a chicken parm
out of the oven and carrying it one-handed
to the table. What are you doing?
We used to have a recliner in our living room
and I made one of those cup of noodles
where you put the hot
steaming water and I put
it between my legs like that and I accidentally
leaned back too much and it poured all over
my lap and I had third-degree burns
on my groin.
Your covered wagging got burnt?
Well, that's...
Thank God I had my covered wagging.
Yeah, protecting your glands.
That's why I won't circumcise my kid in case
he spills a cup of noodle on his cock.
Okay. Oh, Biz, you made
the news this week. Oh, did I?
And it wasn't for your pecker, either.
The Boston Globe had a graphic in the Sunday paper,
the most Twitter followers for inactive players, and you were number one.
You would actually be tied for second among active players.
I looked for the wit dog. I didn't see him there.
He might have a claim for that.
That's because that loser, Kevin Ball DuPont, hates me.
He's a scumbag.
I don't like him either, but I don't think he compiled that list.
But I'll tell you what hurt you, Whit, is Zach Boychuk,
the guy who follows and unfollows half of Twitter.
A lot of people complained he was on there because he's one of those,
like, he follows, like, literally, like, hundreds of thousands of people.
What is his story on social media?
Does anyone know?
He explained it, and it was just like, I think he thought it was more of,
like, a, I don't know, marketing
type thing where he thought the more followers, the more
interaction was better for your Twitter. It's really
not, as we know. So he has
458,000
followers and he's
following 435,000.
Yeah, there's accounts online though.
There's accounts online with one
follower and that one follower will be
Zach Boychuk.
So he's a bot.
He's basically a bot.
If he's doing this...
We should get him on to talk about it.
I mean, maybe he's like,
no, maybe he's using it as an investment stamp,
from an investment standpoint.
And he's, I don't know.
Not the way I would do things,
but nor do I like...
I mean, it's an honor having that many
people who follow me. I think
half of them follow me to rip
on me, but hey, welcome to the fucking party.
Hey,
boys, this morning,
I'm going to ask you, is there anything worse?
This should be rules against using
your fucking garden equipment at 7.30
in the morning on a fucking weekday, no?
Oh, here we go. Let's hear it, R.A.
What's your neighbor doing? Dude,
one neighbor, 8.30 Sunday.
Okay, fucking Sunday. The one day everyone
sleeps, he's out there.
8.30, you're not going to get me.
7.30 is too early. 8.30 on a Sunday,
though. On a Sunday.
Adults don't sleep past
8.30, dude. On a Sunday,
dude. Not everyone has kids either.
Some people, it's their one day to sleep a little late.
I love this fucking debate.
7.30 on a fucking weekday.
7.30 is brutal.
7.30, fuck that.
Exactly, dude.
But 8.30?
On a Sunday.
All right, all right.
Monday through Saturday, no problem.
Sunday, I'll give you Sunday, the Lord's Day,
the day that football owns,
the day that Witt always plays good on the golf course.
Why do I play good on Sunday?
Let's ask our
That day, maybe wait until 9.
Let's ask our weather and gardening expert, Mike Grinnell,
what do you think the consensus is?
Because I don't have an opinion on this one.
What time is fair to start gardening on Sundays?
Grinnell is going to say like noon.
I was going to meet you halfway and say 745.
Oh my God, I cannot wait.
Here's the thing.
So I got the, I don't know if I told you guys,
I got a pool now.
Well, I put some speakers out at the pool
and I take Ryder, like I get him up at seven.
I give him breakfast 715.
I'm in the pool with him by 7.45, and I'm pumping tunes.
So maybe now it's making me think, like, turn the tunes down
or don't maybe necessarily get them going until 9.
This guy's giving it people about the weed whacker at 7.30,
and you got your kid doing aqua sports at 7.45.
Dude, the kid's 2 12, and he's swimming like a little fucking
what's that guy's name michael
phelps yeah max rider phelps rider phelps he could we could see him with a shaved body a
bissonette speedo and a couple gold medals hanging from his neck it's gonna get him on the russian
regime couple needles in the arse a little drago oh god yeah we'll get the hgh into a three-year-old
he'll be fucking jacked probably a pair of hockey skates.
No, no, just a vaccine.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, Bauer.
Shout out to Bauer.
Bauer Hockey.
What a company.
They sent Ryder some wheels.
He's walking around shooting pucks.
Hockey, hockey, hockey.
Goal.
Yep, that's it, bud.
Keep it up.
Maybe you'll make millions like your old man.
Hey, boys.
What a blown calls.
Missing the playoffs,
and your cars check engine light have in common?
The NHL?
They're all things we hate to see.
We can't do much about refs in the playoffs,
but with CarShield, you don't have to freak out over a check engine light.
And like Spittin' Chicklets, CarShield is also a big supporter of hockey
and has their own youth program in St. Louis.
CarShield AAA Hockey, which you can learn more about at stlprospectshockey.com.
Check it out if you're in the St. Louis area, by all means.
CarShield makes the process of fixing a covered repair incredibly simple.
They have affordable protection plans that can save you thousands for a covered repair,
including computers, engines, air conditioning, and a lot more.
Coverage isn't a one-size-fits-all.
That's why CarShield offers customized plans with rates as low as 99 a month.
Plans are flexible, too.
No long-term contracts or commitments.
CarShield gives you options most people won't.
You get to pick your favorite mechanic or dealership to do the work,
and CarShield takes care of the rest.
Plus, CarShield offers complimentary 24-7 roadside assistance and a
rental car while yours is being fixed. CarShield has helped over 1 million customers, so drive
with confidence knowing you've got coverage from America's number one auto protection company.
Blown calls and missed playoffs eventually fade. That check engine light won't. Get coverage today.
Call 800-CAR-6000 and mention the code CHICKLETS or visit carshield.com and use the code CHICKLETS to save 10.
That's carshield.com, code CHICKLETS. A deductible may apply.
There was a little bit more last dance fallout. I know the show ended last week, but we mentioned Horace Grant was complaining about it.
Now, Scotty pippen
uh has said that uh some of it was outright outright lies um the writer who wrote the
jordan rules book back in 92 he said basically he was calling bullshit on the whole uh flu game he
said he thinks jordan had altitude sickness well he said there was the idea that he got food poison
from a pizza it was just not believable so like like I said, when we talked about last, it was, it was basically housekeeping by MJ. You know, he didn't want to make the doc
until LeBron won his first title. So it seemed like there was an agenda with the whole thing.
And when a superstar is, you know, a producer of a documentary like that, you're not going to get
the full story. And I think the fact that Scotty Pippen, Horace Grant, and the guy who covered the
balls longer than anybody in history have all called bullshit on it.
It's an interesting thing to talk about.
What's up, Biz?
I would say I'm a pretty gullible guy, and obviously I was like,
oh, maybe a few things got twisted.
But you guys think that he's such a sick puppy and the fact that he's obsessed
with being the best that this was planned to come out now to kind of squash down
the whole LeBron might be better than MJ thing.
I don't know.
I just,
I also today there's audio that came out of him saying,
I'm not playing on the dream team.
If Isaiah is on the team in which documentary,
he said,
I didn't have any to do with picking the team.
So I think that the guy,
the guy's a competitive
competitive bastard right i mean is narcissistic a fair word oh yeah well well i'll say this
the one story that i for sure think is a lie is him saying horace grant told that reporter that
stuff horace grant horace grant was on part of my take.
He came on after.
He's like, I didn't say shit.
This is an MJ production, and he still is so adamant because he's so stubborn
that I told that reporter all those things about that team when, in fact, I didn't.
So I really actually believe Horace Grant in that one instance in terms of those.
So I feel the MJ is definitely one of those people
when he has something in his head, it doesn't matter if he's wrong.
He's just going to stay stubborn.
Yeah, I mean, who would ever do that?
Okay.
He's not a guy who sounds like he has a ton of character,
just the stories that have come trickling down over the years.
So I'm not surprised by any of it.
Damn.
Well, that's why you don't put athletes on pedestals, man,
except for you guys.
Hey, my father met his idol.
My father met his idol, Carl Yastrzemski.
And God, did he say it was disappointing.
The guy was a complete prick, apparently.
Miserable, right?
He just treated people like trash.
He rented the house next door to his down the Cape one summer.
It was just a piece of shit.
So sometimes your idol is not the person you want to meet just because
someone performs on the field in between the glass on the diamond doesn't
necessarily make them a great person.
Not saying that about MJ,
but I'm certain that there was parts of that documentary that I was
entertained by that probably aren't the truth.
Yeah,
it was entertaining.
Nonetheless,
hook,
line and sinker got me.
All right. I mentioned in the nhl as a joke beforehand i did want to say that uh the fan choice awards that i was helping
out with uh they've been going great tons of votes you can vote every day there's 20 categories
funniest player best dressed it's just a way to keep fans engaged until hockey does get back going
so if you guys want to check it out on the nhl website, you can go vote for Yans or Hazy for funniest guy.
Revo's in that as well.
And as I mentioned, 20 categories.
Go have a good time.
Actually, Biz, I want to go back to the Jordan thing for one sec.
You know, Vice, the TV channel Vice,
they did a documentary this week on Air Jordans, just the sneaker.
And this is definitely stuff you wouldn't see in a Michael Jordan produced documentary.
And it got into like, you know, the sneaker collecting thing that started with Air Jordans,
but also the violence that come with it.
And the first kid killed for his Air Jordans was in 1989.
And the last kid killed for his Air Jordans was in 2019, just last year.
So it's 30 years of kids getting killed for fucking sneakers that, you know,
Nike has held back like they, you know, they could make as many as people want,
but they don't make them all so they can create a demand for it.
And that demand, a lot of kids have gotten killed for 30 fucking years now.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
But let's not get it twisted here.
Like, Nike's not to be blamed for the fact that some psychopath
killed somebody for shoes.
No, it's not blaming them, but it's a system put in place where for 30,
but just saying for 30 years,
kids have been getting killed for sneakers where, you know, fuck.
I mean, use your brain and don't kill someone for a pair of shoes.
You fucks.
But I'm just pointing out that this is stuff you weren't,
you weren't going to see in a Michael Jordan.
Oh, Hey, I just got it.
That has nothing to do with him.
I don't know.
I mean, I do.
Oh, he already people killing each other for a fucking cell phone.
You don't blame Verizon,
but he's never.
But I think the point is he's never like,
I don't,
to my knowledge,
ever come out and was like,
Hey,
cut the shit.
Don't like,
he's never like come out and made a statement decrying the murder for his
sneakers.
I think that was the issue they were raising again.
Hey,
listen,
that's your opinion.
I,
I,
you know,
it's,
it's definitely a opinion. I'm interested to hear, uh, you know, opinion. It's definitely an opinion.
I'm interested to hear what people have to say about that.
But I just got a text from David Moss,
and he's confirming the story about the almost robbery.
He goes, I was home injured right after that,
living with Dion, and I ordered pizza.
When the pizza guy showed up, I opened the door,
and there was three cars parked on the street,
guys standing outside of them.
The pizza guy goes, those guys asked me what I was doing here.
I called our team security guy and they took off.
Yeah.
So these guys were lost to the rescue.
What a guy.
Yeah.
Nice.
All right, boys, before we close up here, first off,
we want to send our condolences to Craig and Christine Simpson on the loss
of their sister Janice.
They both work in hockey media.
So we want to extend our condolences to Craig and Christine Simpson on the loss of their sister Janice. They both work in hockey media, so we want to extend our condolences.
Also, I lost a family member since last episode, my Uncle Buttsy, Billy Boyle,
who's a longtime firefighter from Charlestown, Mass.
And I just found out recently he was a listener to the show.
I just assumed baby boomers don't know how to get on the Internet.
But I found out not only was he a listener to the show, he was a big fan.
And I found out he wasn't doing well.
And you guys, I can't thank you enough.
You guys each sent me an individual video that I passed on to his grandson.
And he showed it to my uncle.
And he got to have a last little laugh from the Chicklets boys before he, you know, kind of was no longer lucid.
And he appreciated it.
And I appreciate what you guys did for me.
So I'm going to maybe dedicate this episode to my uncle, Buttsy.
Billy Boyle from
Charleston was a beloved guy. But we'll end on a similar note, but with a little bit of a laugh
biz. I'm sorry, Whit. We got an obit you're going to read. I'm a big advocate. I think everybody
should, if they can't write their own obituary, perhaps have a family member write it. It's so
much better than what you get from the funeral home. I know Whit had one we saw that was viral
this week, and you're going to read it right now. Yeah, all right. Listen, we got your Uncle Butsy. Rest in peace. We got an Uncle
Bunky in what I'm about to read. And now granted, this is going to take a little bit of time. I'm
going to do my best to read it clearly. And I think R.A.'s right in terms of not having the
funeral home, right? The obituary, somebody from the family or even yourself, maybe. I think this
might have been his nephew. But what an obituary this is for Randall Jacobs.
Rest in peace, Randall.
I'm going to read this to you.
He died in Phoenix.
Randall Jacobs of Phoenix died at age 65,
having lived a life that would have sent a lesser man to his grave
decades earlier.
Right away, that hooks you in.
That hooks you into an obituary.
We now know what did this guy, what was his life?
Let's go.
His friends called him RJ, but to his family, he was Uncle Bunky,
a.k.a. the Bunkster.
He told his last joke, which cannot be printed here, which I love,
on May 4th, 2020.
Uncle Bunky burned the candle and whatever else was handy at both ends.
Sounds like R.A.O. to dinner when he were in L.A.
He spoke in a gravelly pat ends. Sounds like R.A.O. to dinner when he were in L.A. He spoke in a great
in a gravelly
patois. Sorry, boys. I don't know what
that meant. Oh, he spoke in a
gravelly patois of wisecracks,
mangled metaphors, and inspired
profanity that reflected the Arizona
dive bars, Colorado ski
slopes, and various dodgy
establishments where he spent his
days and nights. he was a living
breathing hang loose sign and a swaggering hybrid of zony desert rat socal hobo and telluride ski
bum what an absolute description for this legend randall bunkie a prolific purveyor of bunkieism
such as save it clown or zebo if he was in a mood he would mercilessly tease his
goombots nephews with nicknames such as mudflap and style master just days after his beloved cat
kidders passed away he too succumbed to the great gradu leaving behind a vapor trail of memories and
a piece of sage advice lingering in his loved one's ears.
Do what Bunky say, not what Bunky do.
That's when you know the guys at Beauty.
Listen to what I say.
Don't follow my lead, though.
For all his chaotic energy and hysterical charm, he had a gentle soul.
A night out with Bunky could result in a court summons or a world-class hangover, but his friends and family would drop whatever they were doing to make a trip out to see him his impish smile and irreverent sense of humor were enough
to quell whatever sensibilities he offended he didn't mean any harm that was just bunkie being
bunkie little little maybe need a little more of that in this world hey guys right yeah joke is a
joke when the end drew near he left us with a final bunkyism. I'm ready for the dirt nap, but you can't leave the party if you can't find the door.
Which really, I love that.
I mean, dude, if you can't find the exit, how are you supposed to leave you there all night?
What a guy, Bunky.
He found the door, but the party will never be the same without him.
And this is awesome.
In lieu of flowers, please pay someone's open bar tab,
smoke a bowl, and fearlessly carve out some fresh lines through the trees on the gnarliest side of the mountain.
So listen, 65 years old,
if you're able to live a life where people speak of you,
your family members speak you in that way,
every single person who I hope just heard what I read
or read this before I read it and saw it previously would want to hang out with this guy.
So RIP Randall Jacobs, shout out to you.
What a guy he seemed to be.
Yeah, I'm going to honor him with that bowl as soon as we finish recording this episode.
And listen, I might actually pick up a bar tab.
Yeah, and pay someone's bar tab.
Let's let's when when life gets back and you're in line at the coffee shop,
we've talked about this before.
Maybe you go up and your coffee's 3.50, and you give them 25,
and you say, hey, pay the rest of the tabs until it runs out.
And all of a sudden, the next two guys in line, you're told,
hey, a person in front of you you don't know paid for you.
Pay it forward.
So I love that.
And before we close out, I do a little off topic.
I want to thank Arrow Sports.
They sent me a street hockey net for Ryder Stoughton, Massachusetts.
Unbelievable place.
Check them out.
Arrow Sports.
I appreciate it.
And we appreciate all you listeners.
Guys, it was great catching up with all you.
Yeah, it was.
I think that was a fun episode.
I think I had a lot of fun getting to discuss hockey being back.
Us having something to talk about,
and some different playoff matchups that are going to get fans fuming mad
when it begins.
And you know that there is a team that would have been in the playoffs
had it ended 8-8 that will get bounced in that round robin.
So I look forward to all of it.
I love all you listeners.
I'm going to play golf.
I'm in the best mood ever.
Love you guys.
And Chicklets Cup Friday.
We got the Vegas Golden Knights, Nate Schmidt and Ryan Reeves.
Tune in.
On that note, have a great weekend.
As always, we'd like to thank our fantastic sponsors here at Spit and Chicklets.
Big thanks, as always, to our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends over at Simply Safe for keeping everybody safe during these times.
Big thanks to our pal Tim over at Boyke's.
Hopefully you're checking out that built on.
And a big thanks to our new friends over at CarShield.
Everybody, have a great weekend.
I won't let you down.
I will not give you up.
Gotta have some faith in the sound.
It's the one good thing that I've got.
I won't let you down. So please don't give me up. Thank you.
