Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 273 of Spittin' Chickas, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports podcast family.
We're coming back on a regular episode. We'll be talking about last week's in a minute,
but let's get reacquainted with the fellas, our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
First, you've been rollerblading all over Manhattan lately.
Yeah, just actually rollerblading all over the tri-state area
just trying to do my part in telling people
to get up off their ass and get out
on their blades and join a quick blade gang.
But this pod's not about me.
It's about you guys, Ryan. You look
handsome as hell. It looks like you got a haircut, so
I'll let you kick it over to him. Let's go all
G this episode. Let's shut off our mics, Whit.
I actually
I'm not
giving you the credit. I'm definitely
not thinking this was all you,
but I have seen an insane
amount of rollerbladers
lately. It is on
fire. And now I know
you're just getting into this thing and maybe
you do have a lot of followers and people who
listen to you, but it's making me
want to get a pair of blades,
but my ankles,
I couldn't do it.
You can't even get blades punched out.
That's why I wore those old skates.
We'll get into that,
that picture,
but all right.
It's nice to talk to you guys.
He should have,
he should have the ones with two,
two in front,
two in the back,
double blades.
No,
the,
the roller blades though.
What do you call those?
When I go roll a blade in my Dixie,
are you serious? Okay. Yeah. The rollerblades, though. What do you call those? When I go rollerblade, my Dixie comes to me.
Roller skates?
Are you serious right now?
Roller skates.
Okay.
What do you call those?
Just the things that they are.
Okay.
What do you call the rollerblades now?
Those are roller skates.
Now, roller skate, that was huge.
It was like a huge thing back in the 70s, man.
Everybody was roller skating.
That is how I played in the rocking chair.
In your leisure suit.
On that one try
that one track oh dude but it's what here's the craziest thing that leave that leisure suit right
i gave it to my friend david burns he was on the real world seattle went back when real world was
huge i text them here and there i watched that movie 10 things i hate about you it was on disney
plus a good it was huge in the 90s i just never saw it so, so I watched it. And lo and behold, the girl in the movie is
watching fucking the real world on the TV.
And my buddy, Bernsie, pops up. I was like, holy fuck.
I just never seen the movie. So I texted
him. I'm like, you son of a bitch. You were in this movie.
He's like, oh yeah, dude. I still get residuals for it
like 20 years later.
Funny enough, we ended up...
Checks? How old are you?
Checks or pussy?
No, Checks, dude.
Every time that movie plays he gets i mean it's
a fair question what made you randomly think you're gonna watch like 10 things i hate about
you because it was seemed it was a kind of a well-renowned teen movie from the 90s and it's
not heath ledger who's a tremendous actor rp and it's not julia styles it got a lot of raves and i
have disney disney plush it throwing on it was it was pretty good it was better than a lot of teen i watched that movie so i see my
buddy and lo and behold he connected me with another buddy and i got in touch with another
buddy who's uh so he's he's currently institutionalized you have a lot of buddies all
right dude it was great is this more about you bragging about all your buddies or no and knowing
someone on the real world biz he's's like, I got his autograph.
I have an autographed picture.
It's unreal.
Anyways, I lent him my leisure suit biz, and I never got it back.
So I love the kid, but he fucking beat me for a leisure suit, dude.
I don't even know how the fuck we got there.
We haven't even done the intros yet.
I actually was thinking the same thing.
You said leisure suit biz, and then R.A. just went.
Yeah. R.A., are you Shoot biz, and then R.A. just went. Yeah.
R.A., are you on blow right now?
No, dude.
Honestly, Death Wish Coffee.
I knew Sponsor, too.
Oh, my.
Oh, Jesus.
This is a great advertisement for them.
That is cocaine.
Yes.
It's cheaper.
What a job that this coffee can do after hearing what Leisure Shoot just went into.
I respect it all
right and then i don't i know you guys i couldn't watch you guys i'd like an intro all right and of
course our buddy down in the desert the dirty desert who just purchased himself a whole acre
of land palm is nasty guys yeah i purchased a lot today but there is a home on it i will be renting
it but uh i i couldn't be more happy.
It's in Paradise Valley,
beautiful view of the mountains.
So I love Arizona.
It's been really good to me.
They basically handed me five years in the NHL
because, you know, I didn't belong.
And just the post-career,
and, you know, I love the area.
I love the people involved with the organization.
And I know we were going to talk about it later, R.A.,
but if you're willing to skip to it right now, please.
Oh, I have something to say, though, Biz.
Yeah, go ahead.
Congratulations.
That's awesome.
Thank you.
You deserve all the success you have.
And let me tell you, I try to buy up as much property as I can
because they're not making more of that, Biz.
No, they're not making more land. no you know what i'm making more land
there isn't more dirt there's no more dirt being made on this planet so you're gonna rent that
thing out make money on pay the mortgage still make some money and then you're just growing the
biz empire i'm happy to see it i might do like a break in bad start making math out of it or
something just for some extra income so uh there's nothing worse than looking at your mortgage after like three years,
how much you paid and what you still owe.
It's like the fucking mafia doesn't even charge these rates,
but who else is going to give you a half a mil, you know?
I don't know.
You went into the drug talk and we're back to the death was coffee.
Holy shit, dude.
He's sniffing coffee lines off the table while we're recording right now.
Where's the grinder?
I know, but you mentioned Arizona and Coyotes. Xavier Gutierrez
became the first ever Latino
team president and CEO of an
NHL team. Congrats to him.
Alex Maruella was the
first Latino to own an NHL team.
He had a little meeting the other day with
Shorry's shit written on his t-shirt
and he said it on the little thing
he did. You don't usually hear that from
an owner, but if I'm a fan, I think that's awesome for my owner to come out and see oh he's
fired up he had a he had a tight shirt on to flexing his muscles on the rest of the league
love it going into this 2014 playoff but it's it's cool like we we need to expand the horizon here
you know i think that there's a a big demographic of fan that could still be tapped here and and
and i'm i'm very confident in the growth of this organization.
And I know some people will be swearing at the
Rick from Red Deer probably ain't listening right now.
He turned the volume down.
But I don't give a shit.
So a great hire.
Congratulations to him and a step in the right direction.
Also, two big news.
The Coyotes are bringing the Kachina jersey back for the playoffs.
That's big news, man.
It's kind of funny to me because people hated that when they dropped it.
And in the last 20 years, it's become wildly popular.
But that'll be cool to see.
We don't even need to play the playoff.
Just put their names on the cup now.
Kachina jersey, new president, owner flexing on the rest of the league.
Who do they have in the play-in?
Who do they have?
Nashville.
Oh, Nashville's going to whoop them.
Pardon?
Listen, there's a history there.
I'm going to hammer Nashville in that series.
There's a history there.
The year we went to the conference finals,
we ended up spanking them four games to one.
So I think history is going to repeat itself.
But I'm excited already.
Is there any more news on phase two?
There is.
But first is in this seemingly never-ending lockdown the world's going through,
it's hard to stay motivated, especially when you're supposed to be working from home.
But thanks to the people at Death Wish Coffee, makers of the world's strongest coffee,
as we're seeing right now, you can stay caffeinated to do whatever you do
while waiting for the NHL playoffs to return.
Boys, I know I just started drinking Java a year ago, and this stuff is fuel.
I love it.
Death Wish Coffee is a dark roast blend that has double the amount of caffeine
than your average cup of coffee with a smooth, bold taste.
Death Wish Coffee will wake you up and help you get ready for the day.
Death Wish Coffee is available in whole bean, ground, death cups, and cold brew.
Crack a can of cold brew with a smooth, strong taste.
That packs 300 milligrams of caffeine per can.
We want to help you get your coffee game because right now it's pretty weak.
When you go to deathwishcoffee.com slash barstool,
you can enter to win a bike, Death Wish coffee, cold brew,
barstool sports merchandise, or an entire year's worth of Death Wish coffee.
That's deathwishcoffee.com slash barstool and get wired like Rare Admiral.
And Biz, you mentioned the return to play phase two.
Didn't deed start players can work out a team facilities and small groups.
It's voluntary.
A lot of process involved testing and whatnot,
but you know,
it's,
it's another step towards playing.
I'll take this one first.
Okay.
So there was an article that just came out,
Anton Strahlman.
You know,
he was just talking about,
you know,
I don't know how many guys are exactly,
exactly thrilled
that this process is being taken in order to potentially have a season.
He talked about maybe some guys' feelings on safety,
some guys' feeling on the fact that it might be hard on their bodies
in order to get them back going on time
to produce the level of quality that fans are used to seeing,
the fact that European players have to come across,
and maybe after even doing a 14-day quarantine period,
that it won't even end up following through in this proceeding
into phase three.
But I think it's fair from a fan standpoint.
We've been very optimistic about this.
Well, at least I have.
But if the consensus is a lot of the players don't feel that
that the season should be played out and and maybe their health is at risk and or you know is it
really worth it to to to obtain the you know the 1.1 billion or whatever is lost revenue I mean I
gotta side with the players on this I mean I would imagine at some point if they haven't already had
it that majority rules as far as whether they're going to kick it back up.
Correct, R.A.?
Yeah, the players still have to, like, agree to everything.
I mean, you know, they still have to hammer out all the testing
and where they're staying.
And, you know, I'm sure they're working on that stuff every day.
But there's still a ways to go.
Do you remember what I said when all this began?
Oh, no, not all this began,
but when you started talking about hockey returning,
what I said was that if it went on long enough
and you're talking about end of July,
guys are not going to want to come back.
There's no, the season feels over.
It's just, it's so hard to get going again.
And, Biz, you could, you can't tell me you wouldn't be a little,
I'd have a little anxiety, like, all of a sudden,
you're going back to training camp, but you've had time off.
And, I mean, who knows how guys have been living.
I'm sure that, for the most part, guys have been continuing to work out
and really stay fit.
But it's just a weird, weird thought to all of a sudden pick it back up again
for, like, the playoffs and these weird playing positions.
I could see most players not really wanting
to play.
And I know you go into the money and what they could lose, but that's my opinion.
I would be like, holy shit, this season feels over.
And I'm not trying to be negative about it.
I'm just saying is that the consensus is between the players.
I was being negative from the fan standpoint, I can understand it
because a lot of people, you know,
watching hockey is part of their livelihood
and the fact that not only was that stripped from them,
but now given that the fact that there's nothing,
a lot going on socially, they want it now more than ever.
So I'd have to side with the fact that, you know,
if these guys aren't down to do it, then don't do it.
Because, I mean, I was talking to a few of them, you know,
six to eight of them showing up to the rink,
having to go through the whole process,
wearing a mask around during the workouts.
It just seems like, you remember when you talked about
coming back from injuries and just like the process
and how mentally draining it was?
I'd be curious to know, you know, how many of these guys,
after having to go through this routine for months on end,
would be like, ugh.
And you don't even know.
And you don't even know.
You still don't know when things would come back.
So the whole thought of doing stuff with the unknown,
when you're training for training camp in the summer into the fall,
you have a date in mind.
Right now, it's hard to picture it get going.
But let's hope it happens.
Yeah, we're not going to be negative Nancys.
Hey, I'm not apologizing for
giving my opinion on how I'd be feeling as a
player and how some players are definitely feeling.
That's not negative Nancy. That's real-life
witty. Yeah.
Negative real-life Larry.
RA's haircut right now
if we didn't have it.
Wise guy. I wrote the thing
when Brettman came out with the whole plan.
I'm like, you know, hockey ain't back yet yet I wasn't being a negative Nancy but like Dubnik said we're gonna find out
is what the how the players feel because he said it's probably gonna be an all-player vote and
that's kind of rare because usually the team reps talk to the team and then you know each team gets
a vote he said but this is this is bigger we're gonna we're probably gonna call for a player vote
so people listen are probably like dude make up your mind you're so positive the last two or how many podcasts before this but uh you're seeing the emotions of an nhl fan right now this
is what we're going through together and i'm willing to hold your hand and you're gonna come
through with it too that's not saying i don't want it back exactly you gotta be a realist in life
no no we can move on if you don't understand understand that, listeners, Biz is bringing up the listeners.
You're morons driving in your car right now.
You can't figure out what we're saying here.
Just a little bit more of a fun topic related to return to play.
The playoff format, all series are going to be best of seven
except the qualifying round, which will be a best of five.
They're going to be reseated after each round, so there's no brackets.
And like I said during our AMA the other night, Biz,
nobody puts an asterisk on the 95 Devils and certainly not 13 blackhawks so whoever wins this cup they're still gonna need to win 16
games it's gonna be good enough for me so the talk of an asterisk this season is foolish
we don't even know how to say that word i know i'm not who says it try to spell it try to spell
it yeah right no no just try seriously Seriously. Asterix? Yep.
Asterix.
Can you say it properly so I know how to at least try to spell it properly?
Yeah.
RA thinks that in no way, shape, or form will this year's Stanley Cup,
a.k.a. the Corona Cup winner,
have an asterix next to their team name in the hockey history books.
Asterix is a. Do you want me to say it correct?
No, no, I kind of got it.
I kind of got it.
Good enough for me.
How did I mess that up?
It's Asterisk, not Asterix.
Oh, thank you, all right.
Thank you.
I knew I might have been messing up the pronunciation.
Four and a half years now.
Asterix.
Asterix?
Asterisk.
Asterisk. Asterisk. Asterisk. Asterisk.
Oh.
Aster would be A-S-T-O-R-I-S-K.
Asterisk.
You're out of the scripts.
I would spell and be.
Asterisk.
Aster with an E, not an O.
But you were close because Aster is a confidence bubble.
Good enough for me.
I guess I was the most incorrect one in that whole scheme
after trying to tee you up.
So let him listen on that one.
That was a biznasty spelling bee brought to you by Bud Light.
Here, I actually got an ad right there.
How about that fucking transition?
Love it.
Spittin' Chicklets is proudly bought to you by Bud Light Seltzer.
Chicklets fans have heard about us before.
It's great-tasting hard seltzer from Bud Light Seltzer. Chicklets fans have heard about us before. It's great tasting hard seltzer from Bud Light with just 100 calories,
two carbs, and less than one gram of sugar.
With the NHL finally coming back, it seems there is plenty of time at home
to watch the games and make sure to get your Bud Light Seltzer delivered
to your home on Drizzly with promo code Hockey.
Bud Light Seltzer is also a proud supporter of Spittin' Chicklets Relief Fund
for the ECHL.
So a big thank you to Bud Light, and you're welcome for that transition.
Killer transition.
Killer stuff.
Thank you.
I'm sure Senators fans would probably love a Bud Light Seltzer or five right now
after what they've been reading about their owner once again.
Eugene Melnick, some weird shit going on with him and the Senator's Foundation money.
He started the organ project like a private nonprofit back in 2016,
the goal of helping organ transplant because he got a liver transplant.
It gained close to a million dollars, and they only contributed 5,000 of it
to the organ donation awareness, like a lot of this money.
I mean, there's a lot of charities out there.
So in the meantime, the Senators Foundation,
which handles all the money that they get from charities,
they're the team's charitable arm.
They're actually leaving.
They're announcing their severing ties with the club last week.
This is just such a bad luck because the Bruins Foundation,
they do great stuff.
They're part of the Bruins organization.
So for the charity wing to leave, something shady,
and then the fans went and actually raised and donated more money in one day
than he did in four years.
And it's too bad because this is a team with great coach, great players,
or great future, really, on the uprising.
They just own them, man.
It's just kind of fucking up a lot with this.
You want this one, Whit?
No, you can take that one, buddy.
Well, I just  the last thing i want to do is come on this podcast
and hammer on people but i just i can't this guy can't get out of his own way like and listen i
don't know the details exactly to what's going on maybe there's there's some type of of of reason
maybe the books were off or something i don't know maybe there's more to come out but
holy fuck, dude.
I think the most positive thing we've said about him in the last five years
is he was hanging out with Mel Gibson.
I don't even know if that's a positive thing.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Like, Jesus fucking Christ.
I feel so bad for those fans, and I've been hard on them before,
but where the rink is, I mean, no offense,
but it just makes it difficult.
It's right in the middle of nowhere.
Downtown ought to be great, whatever.
But then this owner, can you imagine rooting for a team
with this clown running the whole entire thing?
You see Mets fans complain.
Isn't that guy?
And Knicks fans.
What's that guy's name, R.A.?
John Dolan.
James Dolan.
Different people for the Mets and whatever.
Will Pons and the Mets.
Dolan.
You just, I mean, and to have that power and to own that team
and just bring down everyone constantly over and over.
How do you root for the team?
It must make so many fans sick to their stomach where there's probably a point where you just give up.
And you just hope and pray that this dude sells the team or somehow gets away from your entire favorite thing to do and root for.
It sucks.
from your entire favorite thing to do and root for.
It sucks.
And from like a psychological standpoint, you have to think at this point,
he's gotten so much backlash from fans
and even people inside the organization
that he's probably stubborn now,
where he's out to maybe prove to the media and everyone
that he can actually turn this thing around.
And I mean, the guy was worth what he was at a certain point.
So of course, you're going to have that chip and that chip on your shoulder and that ego because you've you've
proven yourself and done it once so i don't know i i don't know if this guy can turn things around
and make things right but like you said to the fans man this story isn't over though correct
or you got to think more info is coming out on this yeah that's it no i think people are going
to dig because that they raise money.
Where did it go?
Exactly.
A lot.
I mean,
when almost eight,
nine,
80,
90 of it is spent on overhead.
That's not good for charity.
I mean,
they get rated by charity for places that take a look at charity,
where they spend their money.
And they tell you these companies keep this much.
These companies need to keep this much.
And to spend that much and only give 5,000 in four years.
And then the fans give 18,000 in a day. that's a tough look. That's a tough look. But
everybody hates to see money go missing. And of course, you don't want nothing missing from your
home. What's the number one sign of a bad home security system? A home security system that's
so complicated, you never use it. This is exactly the type of security system SimpliSafe has spent
a decade fighting against. They believe that simple is safer, and that's exactly why SimpliSafe is the home security for right now,
when feeling safe at home has never been more important. Order online with a click of a button,
open the box, place the sensors, plug it in, boom. Your home is protected around the clock.
There's no technician or salesperson has to come to your house and disrupt your home.
You don't need to pay any outrageous monthly fees or even sign a two-year contract.
Their 24-7 professional monitoring and emergency dispatch
starts at just 50 cents a day.
So head to simplisafe.com slash checklists
and get free shipping and a 60-day money-back guarantee.
That's simplisafe.com slash checklists
to make sure they know you sent us.
We sent you.
That's all right.
Tough, tough dismal.
But, guys, we got to talk about some hockey.
And I think this is going to be a fun, positive conversation.
But some take it far more seriously.
The MVP race, I mentioned it on the Twitch stream the other night,
and the Norris race.
Because my personal opinion was John Carlson was running away with this thing.
And the second half of what was this season, Roman Yossi was a machine.
And getting it done all over the ice.
So to me, it seems as if though, at least online, Roman Yossi's got the edge right now.
We always know about the East Coast bias.
That's a thing.
And going to the MVP boat, I think a lot more people think Panarin's
in this chase than are giving credit for.
Where am I going here, you think, Biz?
Where would you rather hear my opinion on, the Norris or the MVP?
Well, I don't know.
I was giving you the smorgasbord of debate.
Oh, you were just kind of teeing it up.
Oh, baby, I just want to hear whatever you have to say about either of them.
I don't know how you don't give it to Yossi.
Now, this is more my argument on MVP and Norris.
I'll say that quickly.
I can't get heated or that into arguing over the MVP or the Norris. I'll say that quickly. I can't get heated or that into arguing
over the MVP or the Norris,
especially when examples like
this year's prove
there's no wrong
decision, dude.
If you give it to Yossi, it makes sense.
He was the most dominant player on Nashville
who was in an up and down season, no doubt.
But for a defensive to lead
a team that well defensively,
PK every aspect of the game to keep pucks out of his net
and then lead the team in scoring.
If he's not, is he, was he when the break came?
At one point he was this year.
I don't know if it finished up like that,
but he has just proven he's the best player on that team.
And he's done it so long that sometimes you talk about the,
it took Lidstrom a little while to win his first and then he wins a bunch, right? They make you wait it out. He's the best player on that team, and he's done it so long that sometimes you talk about the
it took Lidstrom a little while to win his first,
and then he wins a bunch, right?
They make you wait it out.
They make you prove yourself for that award.
It seems like over the years they don't give it out too early.
You've got to prove yourself.
I would agree with that.
You've got to
It's a real old-school type thing.
That's why I never got one.
My ankle went out before I could have gotten one.
I just think if you're a point-of-game defenseman,
which he's just under as far as Yossi's concerned,
and you're able to dominate the full ice surface,
you're in a different world.
And I thought that John Carlson came out of the gate so hot
that I thought it was kind of the example we talked about
with Ray Whitney on the QA the other night
is like Gretzky's first three strides were so quick,
and then he would just skate the same same uh same speed he'd get he'd get that distance on
you and then just go and I think that Yossi just kept clawing and clawing and it's I would have to
give Yossi slight edge and and I know John's come came on the podcast and I'm sure he'd be
disappointed by our comments but I just think that's I hope he did too. That's true. That's true.
And as far as the MVP race, people are just saying that the fact that Dreisaitl...
And this has no bearing on the fact that Dreisaitl won't do the call on me
because I would still pick Dreisaitl at this point over Panarin,
but people are saying his five-on-five numbers are far more impressive
given the fact that Dreisaitl played with the best player in the
world for half the season. Dreisaitl did do very good when McDavid went down, so he didn't
necessarily need him to succeed. But Panarin was playing with Ryan Strome, and nothing against
Ryan Strome, but he ain't the fucking best player in the world. And for him to not only have those
superior numbers five on five, and I know people are going to say, well, he was 15, 20 points ahead of him,
but man, he was, to me, I can exceed the argument in the fact
that he was potentially more valuable to his team.
So saying that, I would still give slight edge to Dreisaitl.
What do you think, R.A.?
On the Norris, I think in general general the media tends to vote the highest numbers.
We've talked about having an award for a defensive defenseman
and have the Norris for an offensive guy
because it just seems like whoever has the best numbers wins it.
And also the funny stats come into play.
So as a guy who was sort of  I wasn't a Bruins beat writer when I started,
but I was with the team a lot.
And it's hard to watch every player in every team.
It's impossible.
So you can't see every guy, so you have to rely on stats.
And people aren't getting the eye test, and biases come in.
That's why I don't get crazy about it, because there are a lot of people
voting on these things that don't see enough to make up.
Well, they're making a vote, but it's like you didn't see a lot of this guy play.
You're going on what you're reading more than what you're seeing.
But, yeah, Dreisaitl, I think he's going to win the heart because of the numbers.
I mean, was he the best player on the ice this year no I mean Panera was unreal and I'm not a huge fancy stats guy so
I'm not gonna you know you can say Bergeron was an MVP based on his play without his numbers just
based on his defensive play but I think it's just gonna be Dreisaitl because the media the voters
just take the numbers man I think someone asked the other day had a great question should the
referee vote on whatever award I said you know? The ref shouldn't vote on any awards, but they're probably
the most qualified to vote on the awards. Yeah, that's a fair answer. So, I don't know if you
guys saw, I probably got about a hundred tweets at me, legit, when I'm out lying. The Flyers alumni
was seeking the kid who finagled his way into the handshake line after the 74 cup. Everyone's like,
is that you, Ari? And this guy's got to be in his mid sixties.
If he's still with us at this point, I don't think they found them yet,
but yeah, kudos to that guy.
Plus I would have been on the other side, man.
I wouldn't shake my Bruins losing.
How old was he at the time?
13.
He had to be somewhere.
He could have been 13.
He could have been 18.
So, I mean, yeah, he's from Philly.
He's probably shit face.
Doesn't, doesn't even remember being there.
How are they going to find him?
Oh shit. A couple other notes to find him? Oh, shit.
A couple other notes here.
Play-by-play man, Chris Cuthbert, very popular announcer up in Canada.
He moved from TSN to Rogers SN, and he'll be back doing Hockey Night in Canada.
36 years as an announcer, also did CFL.
He's one of those guys in America you don't hear all the time.
You get him on a lot of the Western games.
He's a very good play caller.
I think he's one of the best,
R.A. Absolutely, man. He
can call a game. Absolutely.
Oh, we should also mention, we're not bringing on quite
yet, a few more notes to get to, but
we're bringing on Jordan Matanuk,
Matanuk of the Carolina Hurricanes
forward. Dude, he was awesome.
I can't wait to drop that in a little bit. Biz,
you enjoyed that one.
Yeah, I was just noticing that fucking Death Wish coffee was kicking in there.
You were like.
The DEA is going to have to start like a department for the Death Wish coffee.
Addicts.
Like Adderall, dude.
Super focused.
Yeah.
Vegas unveiled the name and logo for the minor league team,
the Henderson silver Knights.
Like we talked about in the AMA business clutch,
having an AHL team right down the street,
20 minutes away.
They'll be sold out all the time because the tickets started 10 bucks.
It's not on the strip.
It's all that fucking division in the AHL.
Those old school guys.
I mean,
even you wit the four and fours of albany and shit they got ontario
california which i think they're living in el segundo now so like they're right by the beach
uh you got san diego you got palm springs you got henderson which is just outside of vegas they'll
be hitting the strips for half off bottles um where else i mean stockton san jose and uh bakersfield i mean that is
spoiled brats i think we just it might have been chicklets cup but we did recently discuss this
it's no joke man i mean you're you're laughing and a travel song i bet you the travel's gonna
suck though you mean you gotta fly actually will they fly everywhere you know what i forgot to
mention tucson and i just think that given that the Golden Knights are selling out every game,
and there were a couple stories that came out about fans getting bumped out of their seats.
Did you remember reading that, R.A.?
Just because they'd locked in at cheaper ticket prices,
and all of a sudden it popped off.
I don't want to be starting rumors here, but anyway,
for the hockey fans that aren't able to get their hands on tickets another good ticket across the
street in Henderson no doubt about that man it's good quality hockey for a cheap price because hey
Vegas I mean you go there you got to pay strip prices to see that team play and I mean hey I'll
gladly do it when I'm out there but it's a nice cheap alternative to guys who are going to make
the big club eventually also Alabama Huntsville college team.
They saved their team via a fundraiser.
It's been a great program for years.
They've produced some NHL players in an unlikely location.
I remember the first time I heard it, I thought it was a misprint.
Whit, did you ever play against Alabama Huntsville when you were at BU?
Nope, never did.
But always, or the first time same here, I was like, what?
It's a team down there?
I thought this was pretty cool.
I mean, I saw it near the end.
It had been going on a little bit when I first saw Word
that they were trying to raise a ton.
I actually remember thinking, wow, I don't know if they're going to be able
to get that much.
I thought it was 500 grand that they had to raise.
Yeah, it was.
And I was like, holy shit.
Are they going to do it?
I know Bucciaross helped.
Mikey, I believe you sent
out a tweet from Chicklets
for the, did you, for that
Alabama Huntsville thing? Yes, we
did. Yeah, I blogged
about it too. Nice job.
Nice job. Sorry about that.
I missed that blog, but still, that
just shows that you
get a bunch of people together and you realize that there's
a program there that
kids it means so much to and they've got a little history like you said already i don't know if you
can list the the nhlers from there a couple but cam talbot helped out big time and that sheldon
walensky who was he lives in aspen now he's the one who threw 10 grand in for the echl player
relief fund out of nowhere he went there so he was helping them out too so this guy's got his uh he understands
what what it's like to have a time in need and and way to step up boys that was very cool yeah
it was good to see good to see um obviously want to talk about last week's episode we want to just
thank everybody for the tremendous support um you know we we were probably the first episode we were
all three of us were anxious for given the climate and you know what we were going to bring to everybody and the response was so overwhelmingly positive it was
actually made me hopeful a little bit um and then people who were idiots were getting shouted down
by our other listeners so uh we just want to thank everybody for for the support there and on that
note uh we you know we're going to keep tabs on this stuff because it's important and on monday
uh the hockey diversity alliance was started by seven current and former black nhlers it's important. And on Monday, the Hockey Diversity Alliance was started by seven current and former black NHLers. It's independent of the NHL. Their mission is to, quote, eradicate
racism and intolerance in hockey, end quote. The group appointed Evander Kane and Akeem Aliu as
the co-heads of the organization. The group's executive committee are going to be Trevor Daly,
Matt Dumba, Wayne Simmons, Chris Stewart, and former NHL forward Joe Wood.
And what's interesting is the alliance was announced just a few days after the Greater Toronto Hockey League,
which basically is all the youth hockey in Toronto.
They were roundly criticized for not disclosing data about the number of racist incidents that its players have been punished for.
TSN interviewed 16-year-old Miles Douglas.
He said that, you know, we played last year.
He probably heard racist insults in at least half the games.
But if the referee doesn't hear it, he can't call it.
The GTHL then said they don't want to publish stats because they, quote,
it may damage the reputation of the vast majority of the young players in our league whose good sportsmanship is beyond question, end quote.
Kane, Dumbaugh, Blake Wheeler, Anson Carter, and Joe Wood were all pretty pissed with that reply.
Kevin Weeks said he's not going to mention the organization on the air
until they fix this and do something better with the suspensions.
I mean, I don't even know how, when it's a penalty already,
it should be mentioned in the penalty.
Interestingly enough, Hockey Canada got the message loud and clear.
After the statement to TSN, Hockey Canada said they're establishing
an equity, diversity, and inclusion task team
that will develop an incident tracking system
that will allow it to begin tracking reported incidents of racism, bullying, and inclusion task team that will develop an incident tracking system that will allow it to begin tracking reported incidents
of racism, bullying, and harassment.
I want to give props to Rick Westhead
for his excellent work here, the reporter.
He's done tremendous work in this area.
So basically, these guys are pissed.
They know there's some momentum,
and they want change in this game.
And when kids are getting called shit
they shouldn't be called,
they want to be held fucking responsible for it.
You reap what you sow.
Well, the Hockey Diversity Alliance, diversity alliance like first of all it's unreal that it got done that fast and you set the precedent right at the top and all these younger players
are seeing that and and guys we talked about you know they're being changed and there's a process
to this and it's nice for those guys to step up and and hopefully the gthl does as well and they
figure out the right thing to do so um you know big ups on kevin weeks and those guys for speaking
out and let's let's hope they figure it out absolutely yeah to get like you said big props
to those guys to you know putting their name out there and trying to make real change and they're
and they're holding this organization accountable so that's how shit shit does get changed so
we commend them for that boys i think
we should send it over to jordan martinook right now what do you think let's do it let's fucking
do it without further ado jordan martinook i'd like to welcome my next guest to the show a second
round draft pick of the coyotes back in 2012 he's currently in his sixth nhl season it's his second
down in carolina and he helped the team make an unexpected run to
the Eastern Conference Finals in his first season with the team. Right now, he's currently slated to
face the New York Rangers in the play-in round when play does resume. Thanks for joining us on
Spittin' Chicklets, Jordan Matanuk. Thanks for having me. Our pleasure, brother. So, how's
everything going? Where you been holding up all this shit going on? I'm in Leduc, Alberta, so pretty much Edmonton.
I got a nice view of the airport right now, actually.
So, yeah, it's been just kind of doing the waiting game, the limbo NHL.
You get updates every four days, so you're just kind of hanging out
and trying to pass the time.
What's your shape like right now?
And be honest, this is a podcast where you can really be yourself.
How's the work ethic been?
Wait, I got to hop in here.
Are you next to a bird tree or something, Marty?
I can hear the birds chirping.
I'm sitting outside.
It's a beautiful day in Edmonton.
Holy shit, Chicklets memes.
Get Edmonton with the birds chirping and the Oilers fans booing.
It's kind of nice.
It's like you have the Masters.
I think it brings a little flavor to the show.
Okay, so to be serious, though, you have to go inside
because I think our fans are going to be very annoyed.
I'm about to stab myself with this pen
listening to those birds chirping my ears through my headphones.
Okay, fine. I'll go inside.
He just did 500 wings.
He's so nuts right now.
He was watching a replay of Augusta, the master.
Well, it's either the birds chirping or my kid crying,
so you take your pick.
We'll take the kid crying.
Take your poison.
Where were you, Witt?
My apologies.
No, what did I say?
I think I finished.
Have you been working out?
Have you been eating a little extra ice cream at night,
or has it actually been every day you're sticking to a big routine?
I'd say the snacking is definitely down.
I feel like during the season you're having room service dessert every night,
but I've stayed away from the snacks.
But, obviously, it's hard to motivate yourself to work out every day but i i try and get a a few in uh
a few in a week and i've been playing tennis and pickleball so uh yeah it's uh it's doing whatever
you can right now i'm actually heading out to col, so that'll be better for you guys, Terp and Edmonton.
I'm going to skate out there and work out with Joel Edmonton.
He's on our team, so I'm going to go enjoy a beautiful BC for a bit.
Joel Edmonton, I got two things.
Joel Edmonton first, what a guy.
I got to know him just in Biz and I's brief appearance as Krusty the Clowns at training camp,
you know, the tryout.
The thing about him is when he played such a big role,
and then to get traded, it had to be hard for him at the beginning,
I would think, or do you guys not even really talk about that?
Yeah, yeah, he definitely, he, on that St. Louis team was so close, so he had a hard time initially but um he fit in well with us and
he's uh he's got uh me him and brock mcginn are pretty pretty close and it's uh we have a lot of
fun together so um i'm excited to go out and uh be be roomies with them david there's a hype man
edmondson is a uh hear me up hear me out Marty this this for a storm surge they bring
out a chair they sit you down and they wax your unibrow in front of all of all of the Carolina
I knew this was coming I knew this was coming you were okay so Marty was mad because I brought up
his unibrow which I have a unibrow I it. Marty goes to the place where they get it waxed.
And I want to let all our fans know about this process that you go through.
Man, I've been through every single thing known to man for eyebrows.
I've done threading.
You guys probably don't even know what threading is.
I've done that.
I've done laser hair removal, which obviously it didn't work
because I'm still doing the waxing.
Doing waxing, I've done everything.
It's a curse.
These things are a nightmare.
Do you think you should play off the Anthony Davis stuff?
Is that the guy's name in the NBA?
Should you just not grow it out and accept it and maybe be the spokesperson?
Mine doesn't grow that bad in the middle it's just the tops of my the tops of my arches would end up touching my hairline so i guess i could develop a new
a new thing but yeah it's uh i it would be i would i would have i wouldn't have eyebrows it
would just be a continuation of my hair which i have a lot of that too so it definitely wouldn't
be a good look for anybody
so of all the processes you would recommend waxing now i don't know the the threading one
explain that one uh i've had it done a few times it hurts so so much way way more than waxing it's
supposed to be more more efficient but they end up holding a thread in their mouth,
and then it's almost like two in their hands,
and they're kind of like plucking it, but with the thread,
and they wrap it up in the thread, and then they pull them out,
and it is miserable.
It hurts so bad.
So it's worse than waxing.
Way worse than waxing.
I've had my eyebrows waxed probably 100 times,
so I don't really even feel it anymore.
So when you go in, is it like a package deal?
You get the eyebrow and the butt crack and maybe the taint area. Is it like where you get a car wash, you buy the nicer packages and shit?
Well, I'm sure everybody on every team I've played on,
they always encourage me.
I got a little fuzz on my lower back, and they always come at me for that.
So I'm thinking they probably wish I got that done.
But when I go on vacation, I get the narrow.
I get the narrow, and I narrow the lower back.
Wow.
I'm a hairy guy.
I don't know what to tell you.
You're a fucking funny guy too.
Actually, I got to tell you a story about the butt crack if we're getting into waxing here.
So I was like 16, 17 years old.
I was out at the lake and my brother-in-law, he's a drywaller.
So they got this heavy- heavy duty drywall adhesive tape and
we had obviously fell into a few beers that night and he tried to wax my asshole with this drywall
and uh obviously it didn't work but it was uh it was quite the process and i wish it was on video
because to see him get into there, it must've been,
it took balls for him to get down and dirty in there.
Oh, Kelly Clarkson.
Oh man, that's hilarious. Well, Biz mentioned the storm surge.
I wanted to ask like,
is it the same guys cooking up the ideas all the time?
Do they get different input to some guys take part or not take part?
How's that all play out?
time do they get different input do some guys take part or not take part how's that all play out uh it was last year was kind of we'd we always had pre-game meal at the rink and it'd be like
seven eight of us that would kind of think of them and then if one guy had one he'd throw it
out there but yeah it was mainly like seven eight guys that were thinking up thinking of them and
yeah it's uh it's it's kind of hard now because you're trying
to recycle and come up with new ones but it's there's only so much you can do so it's uh this
year it was pretty tough to try and keep up but i i don't know if you're it's possible to maintain
that for forever i don't think you can let's get your. Let's get your cousin with the tape back
out there. Let's really get shit
popping.
I like the eyebrow
one, though. We might have to get that.
That one we can throw in the mix.
You famously took a shot
from Evander Holyfield, correct, for one
of them? Yeah, no, that was
cool. I wish now
that I hit him once once just because i could have
said i hit holyfield but uh yeah yeah that one was cool so they definitely yeah we had a lot of fun
with them were you a big fan of his were you like familiar with his legacy at all when he when he
was in town uh well obviously you know who he, and especially when he's missing a little piece of his ear,
you definitely know who he is.
But I feel like I was  that's a little
I'm a little too young to know  like to see him fight
and kind of see him in his glory.
But you obviously know, like, you know Tyson, you know Holyfield,
you know, like, Lennox Lewis, you know all these guys.
But you don't really remember them as fighters.
But, yeah yeah it was really
cool the size of that guy's mitts though holy shit they were big oh yeah big part hey you come
in with the like hey how's the ear well you just had to talk to him on the one side oh he can't
hear out of it either no no i'm just i'm kidding i no clue. Well, hey, I'm fucking gullible, Marty. You know that.
I know.
I know.
Before we get into where you grew up, I played with you in Portland with the Pirates,
American affiliate of the Arizona Coyotes.
And you wanted to give it back to me a little bit because, and I'll let you take over.
Oh, yeah.
So Biz came to our team for, I think he ended up being with us for two months,
and then he ended up going to Manchester, winning a championship,
taking my knee out a week left in the season, if you remember that correctly.
Oh, you saw that, Biz.
But before we got to that point, he takes the reins on a rookie party,
and obviously Biz has been playing in the
in the national league for the past four or five years and uh he he remembered the nhl rookie
parties like i like you everybody knows them and uh he planned our american league one like an nhl
rookie party and obviously in the american league you don't have the funds. Guys aren't throwing a ton of money at them.
And we go to this nice restaurant in Boston.
The waiter comes around and he goes, tap water fine?
And Biz goes, no, we don't drink tap water.
We only drink Fiji.
So we spent 800 on Fiji water alone.
Hadn't even ate anything.
Spent 800 on beach view water alone.
Hadn't even ate anything.
And then he takes us to a bar that he was standing behind that bar,
and he said this is the best place in Boston, and ended up not being, I think, up to business standards or anybody else's,
but it was pretty great.
And then the next day I drove him home.
We're in the Chipotle line, and he's doing a Hulk Hogan down the the line in chipotle i think he was still in one a little bit it was hilarious
that was that was a fun one and speaking of a water situation you don't put 87 in a ferrari
and i think we can all agree on that correct wit talk to me yeah you think i'm drinking tap water
every time i say bring me the nicest nicest bottle of still water you have.
That's the one thing I'll splurge on.
I'm a water guy, so I'm sorry. And then there's people out there, Biz, Nookie, that say,
you know, tap water is the best water for you in New York City.
Like, get out of my face.
You need a Fiji or you need something.
What's the other good one?
Two pots hydrogen, one pot of oxygen, boys.
It's water.
Poland Springs. I crush Poland Springs.
R.A. drinks the water out of his fucking bong every night.
No, he lets the dogs have
half of it and then he crushes that in the morning.
Dude, Boston water is among
literally the best in the country, man.
There we go. This bullshit.
Give me a PG.
Your old man's a very interesting guy.
We saw that on the father's trips when you spent your time in Arizona.
Let's go back.
Born in Brendan, Manitoba, correct?
Yeah.
How much time did you spend up there growing up?
Never.
I was just born there.
I lived in Mooseman, Saskatchewan.
I just went there to be born.
I would imagine
a lot of pawn hockey being played where you lived growing up oh yeah yeah we i i lived in mooseman
until i was four and then moved to estevan and we had an outdoor rink across the street so i was
out there every night it was great my dad actually was the one who flooded it so it worked out good
so we always like to go back to early in the career,
but I actually want to go back to last season, 2019.
You guys had this wild run to the conference finals,
an epic double overtime game seven versus the defending champion,
your boy Brock McGinn with the series winner.
Like, you guys just never stopped coming.
What did Rod Brindamere tell you guys?
How did he keep you guys so motivated to not stop coming all playoffs?
Well, that first series, he kept telling us.
He's like, the first one's going to be the hardest.
The first one's going to be the hardest.
And obviously we knew.
We're playing Washington.
We played them four times all year.
We knew what they're all about.
And it was a war.
So it definitely was.
And for some, there was a lot of guys on our team that hadn't played
playoff hockey and for them to for me included to kind of just come out of nowhere not nobody
not knowing what to expect and then have that type of series it was uh it was a lot of fun and i think
everybody was just enjoying themselves um i think the the camaraderie and playoffs because you get the room that you get
to play poker you get to screw around with each other it's uh it's a lot like playing you have
that room that you get to do all the shit and it's pretty fun and everybody enjoyed it and we had a
lot of fun with it and it was kind of like took the underdog thing uh pretty seriously and to be
able to take take out washington was was was obviously a big win for the franchise,
not being in the playoffs for a while.
Did you get a sense of a real change in the region?
Because Carolina is one of those franchises, you know,
they had a nice run, obviously, when they won the Cup in 06.
And then it's been tough since then.
But just from an observer from New England,
it seemed like there was real change.
There were more season ticket holders. Did you get a sense of that as a player as well
yeah yeah for sure and especially in play playoff time last year to see the tailgate i don't know
if anybody else in the nhl tailgates but the tailgating was insane they'd open it up at 11 30
in the morning you'd be coming in uh at 4 30 for a seven o'clock game and they're
the parking lot's full everybody's gunned and then they get into the rink and they just scream
the entire time like it it is insanely loud in there when they get going and it was it definitely
helped i know for a fact it did so we're talking about you know that team and what you guys have kind of done there but Svechnikov's like a guy I'm curious about because he looks like such a
beast he's improved so much but you go back to when he fought Ovechkin and he got knocked out
like that was scary time but it had to show everyone I mean it showed me like this kid is
not afraid of anyone and he goes hard yeah yeah he's why he's the work ethic on that kid is insane and
um obviously we were nobody wanted to see that and i think even ovi said he didn't want to hurt
like want to hurt him like that but that's the the juices that get flowing in the playoffs and
i think spetch wanted it just as bad as ovi did. So obviously it was a tough situation.
And he luckily came back and it didn't affect him too bad.
But, yeah, he's nuts.
He's like got Drago in him, I think.
I think Drago might be his dad.
But, yeah, he shoots pucks.
He's kind of like Jager.
He'll stay at the rink and he shoots pucks until like 1 in the morning.
And he'll have two goals, but he thinks that he should have
had four, so he'll stay and he'll shoot pucks for
three hours.
Had you seen him try or pull off that
lacrosse goal? He's the first guy to ever do
it in the NHL in practice prior
days or no?
He'd do it daily
or try it daily, I guess.
Once he started, we do this drill before practice that you do.
You get like a puck beside the net, another one beside the net,
and then you go behind the net.
You have to like kind of wrap it around.
And for fourth liners, you just kind of puck it in like a wraparound.
And then for the guys like him, you try and pick it up and puck it in like he does.
But, yeah, he did it daily.
And then when he did it in the game, it was just nuts.
I couldn't believe it.
I had to double take to make sure that that's what he did.
Was he getting the do it in the game lines during practice when he was doing it?
No.
I think nobody really expected him to.
And then once he started, he was getting it like every day, every day.
And then I, like now that I watched the clip again,
it was like, it couldn't have worked out any better.
They gave him so much time and it kind of added insult to injury
because he slapped the puck off Riddick's head.
Like he could have, could have just tucked it in,
but he had to almost give him a concussion with how hard he hit him.
Well, one of the good reasons we want to get you on the podcast,
I don't think we've interviewed enough Carolina Hurricanes,
especially as of late.
And there's so many of these undercover guys you don't hear about.
Jacob Slavin on the back end.
He's a young stud.
Talk about this kid and what he means to the team.
He's just, like, does it all so good and he's obviously
he doesn't he doesn't get the recognition in carolina i feel like in playoffs last year people
started to notice him a little more but he he's one of those guys you can never you could never
beat him one-on-one uh good luck trying to like pass one through him or sauce one by him it's just he's always in
the right spot and he can skate like the wind and it's uh and then we obviously Dougie's done what
he has in Carolina he just scores at will and if he didn't get hurt he was probably in the running
for the Norris and then we got Brett Pesci who nobody really talks about either who's not he's
he's probably one of my undercover guys in the NHL.
He's kind of like Slavo, does everything good
and just so hard to get around.
It's frustrating in practice that you have to go up against these guys
when your confidence isn't that high to begin with,
and then you get shut down every practice.
It's not very fun.
Would it be fair to say that Hamilton has a shot
like Austin Matthews were so deceptive in the way he like pulls it and snaps it yeah yeah he's the
only guy that I think I could say I played with that takes a wrist shot from the blue line and
probably 90 percent of the time it has a chance to go in like that's how heavy and
hard it is and even that one he scored in Edmonton this year it was it was like a quarter
slap shot from the red line and went in and it was a rocket it's it comes off his stick so hard
what uh what uh flex is he using just just so I know. I shoot left. I don't know.
I don't study sticks like you.
I might be making a comeback.
I was just wondering.
If you don't shoot like these new kids, you're fucked.
You're making a comeback with a right-handed stick?
Dude, nobody's been.
No, I asked about the flex.
I wasn't curious.
I think he uses a pretty stiff.
Actually, I have no idea.
I'm the wrong guy to ask.
All right.
Terrible.
Sorry, bud.
Sorry.
I don't fuck myself.
It's cool.
Another teammate I wanted to mention, Sebastian Ajo.
He's a brilliant young talent.
He's not even 23 yet.
He clearly raised his game in the playoffs last year when the stakes were higher.
Listeners or fans who might
not be familiar with him, given he plays in Carolina,
which player of, say, the last 20
years would you most compare him to?
Holy shit.
On the spot.
That's an aggressive question.
Worse than mine.
I thought he made it easy with 20 years instead of 5.
I know. What's his stick flex?
I think he uses like a 78 or 77 maybe.
But he's got forearms like tree trunks.
I don't even know who I'd compare him to because he's such a smooth,
deceptive skater.
He doesn't look like he's going that fast, but he's flying.
And then he can shoot.
I kind of  I've thought of Pavel Bury,
but I don't think he's as fast as Pavel Bury.
But, yeah, that's a tough one.
We're actually going to keep waiting until you fully answer it.
So just take your time.
Okay, I'll go with Pavel Bury then.
There we go.
He had 38 goals, 28 assists at the break biz in 68 games.
That's a pretty good number.
Oh, he's a stud.
Who tried to offer sheet him, Montreal?
Yeah, not enough.
Did you take that personally?
Yeah, not enough.
Did I take it personally?
Why would I take it personally?
I think he lost out on some money. i think he should have took it personally listen they just
passed phase two we're trying to brew up a little bit of controversy and they somehow snuck into
this uh 58 team playoff so uh hey let's actually let's actually go to the to the voting i was very
cool with considering that you guys got the short end of the stick and voting that no,
you didn't like the format given that you will face off against the New
York Rangers who have had success against you guys this year,
but you guys have the mentality, whatever.
That's how we voted.
Now we move on.
Correct.
Yeah.
We set our piece on the call and obviously we got outvoted.
So it is what it is.
And we'll play whatever we have to play and whoever we have to play.
And it's,
yeah,
it's obviously it's on.
Nobody really was thinking this was going to happen.
So yeah,
it is what it is.
Set our piece and move on.
All right.
Uncle Bob McKenzie.
He said that some of those calls are one of the calls was described as
raucous
is that is that accurate to say what guys really screaming and swearing at each other
i don't think raucous would be the answer i'd say i'd say it got a little little aggressive at
some points but i nobody was really no there was nobody swearing at each other i feel like we're
all everybody's on the same team on the part of the players.
So it didn't get as heated as some of the media made it out to be.
There was some strong conversation, but nothing crazy.
Okay.
Well, I'm curious.
You get to Carolina.
I mean, North Carolina's college basketball and college football.
I saw a picture of you just looking like you were in one
at the NC State game versus Ball State.
What's it been like?
Have you been to a bunch of games, or was that just one?
No, I've been to four games.
I went once last year, and obviously last year was my first year,
so I was being a good boy at the beginning,
and I didn't want to really show off who I am and this year and then after being there for a
full year everybody kind of knows what I'm all about and who I am so at the football we went
tailgating we didn't play it was I think it was in training camp actually and we there's a bunch
of us that didn't play so four of us went tailgating and uh got to experience
tailgating for the first time and got pretty pretty intoxicated and started doing wolfpack
chants and i bought all the gear i bought a jersey i bought a like a old fisherman's hat
with everything on it and yeah it was uh it was a lot of fun we got field passes so I got to I was I was
having a good time well you you mentioned your personality and you guys you when you went over
to the team it wasn't too long after that you guys took off on social media given the rope you were
given by imagining their social media team do you see yourself in the future doing more and more
that type of stuff getting in front of the camera?
Yeah, I have a lot of fun with it.
I don't know, it's something fun that you can kind of show off.
I like to have fun.
I think obviously it's a job, but it's hockey,
and if you can add some extra fun to it, that's what I'm all about.
Yeah, they had me do a bunch of stuff in Carolina and I think it all worked out pretty good. And, um, yeah, I'm open to doing a lot of stuff.
I was, uh, I was a big drama buff in high school,
so I feel like I got a little upper edge on people.
Oh, a thespian. Yeah.
So do you think that you could jump into an acting role right now?
Uh, yeah, I think I could.
Have you ever auditioned for anything or gone out for anything?
No, no, I haven't.
I don't know the right people to talk to or I don't have an acting agent.
I got in a fucking movie.
You play in the NHL.
You could get in one.
I'd like to.
It'd be fun.
Like what roles did you play in high school were you like the lead and shit i could i could picture you being really good at improv the lead oh wow
yeah i actually they had to reschedule the the one show because i couldn't make it because of
hockey it was great they stay real wow they changed the date for your hockey game wow so you yeah yeah who are you playing no we didn't we didn't i can't even remember you guys are gonna carve me
because i don't even remember the name of it but we did a bunch of different stuff we did these
things called one act so you had two or three two people with you and it was just like a little
short play with two or three people and um did stuff like that i i was
uh my one my one co-host i remember her name and i actually had to remember her her lines because
she would forget them so i'd have to whisper them under my breath and she would say them back to me
i know i knew my lines and her line that's how good i was wow guys yeah that is i love the
confidence you know i wouldn't feel genuine
if I didn't tell you
I've long said that
actors were probably
just the biggest nerds
in high school,
you know,
so I got to call you
probably a little bit
of a geek.
Do you agree
or was that just your crew?
No,
I felt like it was
just easy,
easy credits,
but I was good at it
so I enjoyed it
and yeah, it was enjoyed it they actually made
a special
because you can only take it three years
and for my last semester of my
grade 12 year they made a special
thing called musical
theater just so I could be in it again
so I could get my five
free credits pretty much. So you were a bit
of a diva not only were they holding the show for you
the one year you went to the
principal and said,
I demand another year of drama.
Well,
I'd kind of what I felt like I fit in.
If you're a diva,
you're kind of an actor,
aren't you?
Yeah.
Did you have a,
did you have a writer list as well?
Oh yeah.
In my dressing room.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I had to have like a good host iced tea.
Good host iced tea. I iced tea i had uh you know a pack of marlboros
no i didn't keep going uh 12 pack of rubbers didn't use them though some Red Bull. Couple Cialis. My dad drinks a King Can of Red Bull a day,
so he came in and drank my Red Bull for me.
Let's talk about your old man.
He's out of his mind.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Like, give people a background of how obsessed your father was
with the fact that you get to play in the NHL
and he gets to tag along to all these games.
Yeah, yeah. Well, the dad's trips, he goes all world on, um,
it, uh, he pretends he's like a rock star for the weekend and parties,
his face off. And, um, yeah, it, uh, he does, he,
he always after every dad's trip, I hate him.
And I feel like I babysit him the entire dad's trip
because he just mangled the entire time.
But, yeah, he has a lot of fun with it, that's for sure.
Son, you were minus four on the two games on the dad's trip.
Yeah, dad, I was up to put you to bed.
Yeah, dad, you were.40, so I don't want to hear it.
Well, the one Dad's trip, I think, Biz, you were on it in L.A.
We lost, I think, 6-0 to L.A.
And I think what we got, he came down,
and he's, like, laughing in the dressing room.
And I was like, Dad, you need to cool it here.
We just got pumped.
And he goes, well, what are you mad about you were even oh I had my guy advanced stats
we got to talk about your coyotes days I mean you fit right in here that was when they were
kind of making their come up with all these young bucks. And I know you were disappointed to leave, but just talk about your time here.
Yeah, I loved it.
I loved everything about Arizona.
Obviously I wish we could have,
could have had more,
had more wins and made play and made the playoffs and got to experience
that. But I, I don't,
I don't know how you can not love living in Arizona, playing hockey.
We old town, everything about Arizona is just next level.
Obviously, you know, Biz, you live there.
I still have a house there.
I have quite a bit of buddies that are still on the team.
So, yeah, it was a lot of fun.
I'm so happy that that was my first team I got to play on
and definitely have friends for life from that team.
Jordan, actually, I wanted to bring that up
because you did get traded from Arizona to Carolina
back in the summer of 2018.
Were you pissed off when it happened?
Were you fine with it?
What was your reaction when it went down?
Well, yeah, I feel like you're always disappointed a little bit but
I uh I actually got traded during like the second round of playoffs I didn't even know you could get
traded at that time and um I got a call from Chica driving driving home I think I had just started
working out again and they're uh they're he's like yeah we trade uh he's like a good new I got
news for you it might be good it might be bad and I was like why is he calling me it's like, yeah, we trade. He's like, I got news for you. It might be good. It might be bad.
And I was like, why is he calling me?
It's like May.
I just talked to him a month ago.
He gave me my exit interview, and now he's calling.
And, yeah, he told me I got traded, and I, like, second-guessed it
because I was like, the playoffs are going on.
Isn't there a trade deadline?
I had no clue that you could get traded.
Yeah.
I don't have to play next week, do I?
Yeah.
Well, Carolina wasn't making the playoffs that year either, so we're good.
But, yeah, it was definitely  it caught me by surprise,
but I knew, like, Krauser was coming up and he was
we didn't really have room on the left side,
so I could kind of maybe see it coming, but it obviously worked out good.
I'm happy in Carolina.
We had a great season, got to play in the playoffs,
and it worked out great for me.
I was going to say, you were only there for a few months
before you signed your extension.
Did you just fall in love with the area right away?
Was it the coach, just the entire situation?
Or the guaranteed money?
Yeah.
Yeah, no, it was kind of everything.
I felt like I fit in well.
The team, it was like a really quiet team,
and I felt like I kind of  obviously, the first few weeks, you feel it out.
But then once I could kind of spread my wings,
I got people out of their shells, and we got to have some fun.
And then we started, we were winning and I just,
obviously the team's young, you can see that it's going to be good.
So I was, I was pumped that to be a part of it.
And yeah, it worked out, worked out.
And that was a crazy week.
I had a baby and then signed a contract within two days.
It was, it was. It was a lot.
And then I went to a Metallica concert the night I signed, too.
It was kind of a weird chain of events there.
That's awesome.
Before we wrap up, by the way, thank you for coming on.
This has been tremendous.
Two years you spent with the Vancouver Giants,
and there you play with Brendan Gallagher.
Could you see that this undersized player was eventually going to be making
an impact at the National Hockey League level?
Yeah, 100.
He just wanted to  he would do anything to score.
He'd be  obviously he's not the biggest guy,
but he'd be taking cross-checks to the face in front of the net
just to piss people off. And I think the thing that pisses people off the most about Gally is you'll
punch you could punch him in the face or you cross check him in the face you you'd knock his teeth
out and then he he smiles at you and there's just something about the the idea of like you trying to
hurt somebody and then he's not getting mad back he smiles at you
that just pisses you off even more and he would get under people's skin so bad and then he would
go and then he'd get a hat trick like it was it was it was fun to watch him that's for sure and
then i think he spent maybe a month in the minors and then he was uh then he was in the NHL. So, you know, you're a WHL guy.
This year coming up, you know, as long as the season goes,
as hopefully it will, the first time there'll be an underage player,
this kid Connor Bedard, I think his name is.
So you guys were able to say, hey, we've never had a 15-year-old
get exceptional status.
You no longer have those bragging rights.
Well, that kid's in the dub?
I don't really follow it that much anymore.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know if you were able to stay up with that stuff.
But I was surprised that never had happened in W.H. Allen.
Now it is.
Yeah.
No, good for him, though.
I skate with Matthew Savoy.
He applied for it, and they shut him down.
I don't know if you know that name.
He's a pretty good little player, and he applied for it too.
And I think he ended up playing  he played like 15 or 20 games
with the Winnipeg Ice this year at 15.
So he got kind of  he didn't get exceptional status,
but he got some  he got like granted more games or something
because you're only supposed to play six, I think.
Oh, okay.
I got one last one for you were in Portland for three seasons,
Portland, Maine. How underrated is that city?
I think people are sleeping on that place.
One, 100 that, well,
the restaurants are phenomenal part. Like it's, you get that,
obviously you're from Bostonoston you get that new
england feel um and it's the food the food is next i i gained a lot of weight actually living there
and uh uh we you could probably eat at a new restaurant every every night of the year that's
how many there is so it's such a hidden gem and just night it's it's yeah it was
a fun city other than your rookie party it was a good time yeah other than my rookie party it was
a good time that wasn't mine that wasn't mine my rookie party andy neely made me snort vodka
if you're in if you if you really want to feel shitty about yourself you flip the shot glass
over you pour a little bit of vodka in there, and then you put it up your nose.
It's not fun.
That'll wake you up.
You feel it in your spine.
It hurts so bad.
And last thing I will say as far as me quote-unquote kneeing you,
my legs were straight and outside your knee caught my leg.
Oh, God.
Here we go. Here we go.
Here we go.
I think you had a first-degree MCL sprain, fucking big whoop.
I played on those things all the time.
Okay.
Here we go.
I played with no knees in my last game.
I think it was a grade three.
I think it was a grade three.
Oh, was it?
Well, listen, if you seriously think I went for your knee,
I'm sorry about that.
I've gotten death threats from your old man in the hallway
when I was trying to just do my job with the Arizona Coyotes,
so I think we're even.
Yeah, fair enough, fair enough.
Anyway, but thanks for coming on, man.
You guys got a good thing going on in Carolina there,
and I think you should seriously consider the eyebrow wax
for the storm surge next time.
Or the asshole wax. the storm surge next time. Or the asshole wax or the,
or the butthole Phillips and the real goal.
One,
one blade.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thanks guys.
It was fun.
Thank you.
Thanks so much.
A big thanks to Jordan Martin for joining us,
man.
I look like hell lately biz.
I can't get any sleep.
So I'm wicked happy that Roman can help me out with these wrinkles. If you've been dealing with acne, redness,
dark spots, or wrinkles, finding a treatment that works can be complicated. You need skincare that
actually performs, but getting started can be overwhelming. Thankfully, there's a solution.
Roman makes it convenient to get customized prescription skincare that really performs.
Just grab your phone or computer, complete a free online consultation,
and you'll head back from a U.S. licensed physician
within 24 hours.
If appropriate, a doctor will prescribe
a custom blended treatment
based on your skin type and priorities.
You'll receive your custom skincare treatment
with free two-day shipping.
You'll also get free unlimited follow-ups with your doctor
if you need to make a change to your treatment
or have any questions.
With Roman, there are no commitments
and you can cancel anytime. Go to GetRoman.com slash BarstoolOffer
for a free online visit and start your new skincare routine today. That's GetRoman.com
slash BarstoolOffer. Eligibility requirements and additional terms apply.
Wow. You're only as good as your last shift, RA,
and I think my transition was better.
Yeah, you know.
Whit, talk to me.
Hey, what do you want me to talk to you about?
I think there's a new transition god in the house.
That, I mean, your segue was just right into Bud Light.
Bud Light is loving that action.
Well, then they heard the read, and they're like, fucking pull it.
They're like, damn.
Damn it.
Biz, our old team was in the news.
The Ontario Reign in California.
I thought it was.
Where he won a, what is it called?
A Calder Cup, Biz?
Jesus Christ, Whit.
That wasn't with Ontario.
That was the Manchester Monarchs.
Yeah, dude.
I kind of knew that halfway through my statement.
That sucks I messed that up.
Well, keep reading whatever you were going to read there, all right?
Yeah, the Kings announced that they will not renew the contract
of Ontario head coach Mike Stothers, which is set to expire on June 15th.
Stothers had spent six seasons with the Kings organization,
serving as AHL head coach for the Manchester Monarchs in the rain,
like we just said. And, of course, he won the AHL's Call to Cup back in as AHL head coach for the Manchester Monarchs in the rain, like we just said.
And of course he won the AHL's called the cup back in 2015 and was named
coach of the year.
May 11th,
the Kings announced they wouldn't be renewing the contract of assistant GM,
Michael Fuda,
who had been with the team for 13 years,
some sort of organizational shift is you think they just want some fresh
blood in there.
What's your perspective,
buddy?
Very sad day.
I will remember you about that that song
on the commercial the dogs that are getting killed the worst the worst come on wow down
buzz killington over there um guys six years it was a good run those guys did a lot for that
organization you mentioned fuda and stothers those guys are gonna land on their feet it's just like Guys, six years. It was a good run. Those guys did a lot for that organization. You mentioned FUTA and Stuthers.
Those guys are going to land on their feet.
It's just, like you said, sometimes there's a shift in the organization.
And, you know, ever since Blakey took over, you know,
they're trying to rebuild and go in a different direction.
And that organization treated me good, so I have nothing bad to say about them.
But those gentlemen also treated me well.
So, FUTA and Stuthers, you guys are going to be fine.
And it was a pleasure.
It was a pleasure putting that team on my back
and winning you a Calder Cup, baby.
What's up?
How about that goal that got tweeted out, Biz?
You just driving that going off your nose?
Mind you, I didn't have a point that whole Calder Cup run, by the way.
Didn't play third line in the final game, though, when we it my sean back by my line man state final speaking of backs this is probably
still sore but uh what was the question you asked that playoff goal that uh chicklets memes or
whatever posted yeah was that in the run to the calder cup i think that was my first and only ever
playoff goal in the american hockey league and i was playing with Chris Newberry, and he centered it,
and my stick was in the air.
I hadn't taken a stride since I entered the offensive zone,
and miraculously it just hit my foot and went in the net.
Kids, that's a lesson to you.
Go to the fucking blue paint, kids.
Coach Biz, all right?
Let's go.
I think coaches say 85 of goals are scored from in the blue paint.
I made that number up, but I think it's pretty accurate.
If you added all my goals together in my career, folks,
it wouldn't even get you the red line.
Go to the net.
Talking about coaches, let's send out congratulations to Mike McKenzie.
That's Uncle Bobby's son.
He was a Kitchener GM, and he got named head coach of the Kitchener Rangers.
He was, like I said, the GM.
They fired their coach earlier this year.
He took over.
The team was 7-10-4.
They went fucking 33-6-0-3 under McKenzie.
So he's no longer interim.
Congrats to him for the double gig.
He obviously knows what he's doing, 33-6-0-3.
That's a hell of a run, man.
It's too bad they couldn't finish their season.
Shifting gears, one of our buddies at here,
Portnoy, El Presidente,
he won a charity, or he thought he did.
He paid 250,000
to watch a football game with that
coward Roger Goodell. And the NFL
pulled some legalese shit and
did a background check and pussied out
on it. It's like, how much of a fucking fraud?
You can't sit there and watch a fucking game with the guy.
Well, I mean,
Goodell's worried about his safety, and i would be too hanging out with portnoy
forget the forget the the auction thing that he won obviously he was never going to go watch a
game with goodell let's talk about him and keith yandall doing a pizza review today and dave just
phantom it by the way dave legit. He's the color of this
orange
Julius I was having from Trios
Bruin right now. He's
going to look like he's 150 years
old. His shirt's
terrible and he's
5'9".
Keith Yandel is like
maybe 6 feet. He's
towering over him.
So this dude telling me,
telling,
telling people that I couldn't afford his place,
his shit box in the South end,
he's saying it was 4 million.
What plan,
what planet am I living on?
If he thinks he had an apartment for 4 million on the market,
they had a public roof deck.
Steve fucking clown trying to, that's a public roof deck. Steve, fucking clown trying to
That's a bad realtor. Now let me tell you something
Biz. There was one pizza review
that he did where he dropped the pizza
because he was so nervous and intimidated.
It was us, that pigeon.
He was intimidated.
He was probably nervous because he was negotiating
the new deal. Career fumbles.
One, and it was on us.
That was some funny shit. Hey boys boys, during this time of change,
we want you to know that ZipRecruiter's focus hasn't
changed. They're still doing what they've always
done, helping people find work and
helping businesses find the right people for their
open roles. If you're looking for a job,
ZipRecruiter is working with you to find
the right job faster. They're dedicated
to helping you get hired, from caretaking to
delivering food and goods to building medical
facilities, supplying protective equipment, and so much more. In fact, ZipRecruiter's app will
send you up-to-date job openings so you can see and be one of the first to apply. And if you're
actively hiring, ZipRecruiter will invite candidates to apply to your most urgent roles,
making it faster and easier to reach the people you need. By connecting people who need jobs and
companies that need people, ZipRecruiter is working with all of us so we can keep moving forward
let's work together zip recruited.com slash work together i work together with mike granelli mike
runs the chiclets cup here at basto let's get an update buddy uh big one last night we had uh
akil thomas versus daddy padre who is the St. Louis Blues backup goalie,
who also is one of the top streamers in the world.
He's not the backup goalie.
He's the e-bug.
Okay, meant to say the e-bug.
Oh, he tried to get you to slide that in, didn't he?
Got to get him a job.
Look him up.
Check there.
But, guys, the first round of the tournament is over.
We're going to be releasing a bracket.
All the teams, all the guys are coming out with who they're playing against.
But it's been a pain in the ass for me trying to book guys right now
because we play on Friday nights in the summer,
and asking a guy to take his Friday night off to play video games with you clowns
has been tough for me.
So hopefully going forward we can nail some of these down.
But the playoffs are coming, baby.
We're like the Lou Lamorello of podcasts. we're trying to get guys to check in at on friday night so
they're not boozing exactly i want to go to a lady gaga concert and see how good she is i will say
they could booze and play the game though i will say i've been having a blast doing those uh all
right we got to get you more involved in that although we we did do that fun QA the other night.
Yeah, the QA was fun.
I was going to say,
I think we established
a zero tolerance policy
now going forward
where if you can't make it
for you guys
when you guys are
scheduling the game,
then you're out of the tournament
because we have enough people.
Or we just wait on the NHLers
because that's who
the people want to see.
But other than that,
what was the same?
Thank them by sending them merch.
I've been having a blast doing those so
we're gonna keep keep that up i like getting on the stream it's like it's like my guy time now
yeah i usually watch you guys but i i did trivia with the lights camera boss two guys the other
night i'm self-reporting right now i'm so embarrassed the way we lost the game it was
the question was what two movies did raw uh tom cruise have in 1988 and i know cocktail right away
and i was just thinking of
some obscure movie he might have done.
And fucking the answer was Rain Man. I had
a Rain Man poster in my bedroom when I was
16 years old. You know when you just got a mental block
and you just fucking don't even think of the right answer?
You choked. I choked.
And then what happened to another question was
what year did Escape from New York
come out? And while
thinking out loud, you could think out loud,
then you give your final answer.
And I was like, oh, well, The Warriors came out in 79.
Literally, the next question was, what year did The Warriors come out?
So I gave these guys the answer to a question while thinking of the answer
to a different question.
You had a tough night.
Tough night.
Dude, this kid hit at the buzzer.
It was 3-2-1.
And he said, what two movies did Schwarzenegger have?
And he's like, Twins and Raw Deal.
Literally at the buzz.
It was like, what the fuck?
So it was a tough way.
They could have just watched the whole fucking stream by the time you explained that.
Yeah, they could have.
But it was tough, man.
Because we were 2-0.
Me and Jeff, he's like the millennial.
He gets all the recent shit.
I get the old shit.
It was tough.
We did win the Star Wars one.
All right.
Did you see the Marlin that MJ caught?
Yeah, what, 400 pounds?
I bet he ate the whole thing.
That pizza he said he ate the whole thing.
That guy's a sick puppy. Everything he does, he wants to be the best.
I think they ended up winning that Marlin tournament.
I think the winning
team got three million.
Wow.
Rich get richer.
He probably brought in just some sick fishermen.
He's fucking loaded, dude.
Hey, the Marlin was already on the boat when he got in. He probably brought in just some sick fishermen. He's fucking loaded, dude.
Hey, the Marlin was already on the boat when he got in.
And Pippen leaked the information.
Yeah.
As retaliation for the whole docuseries.
What else we got, R.A.? No, Horace Grant owes him.
Oh, yeah.
Horace Grant.
Yeah.
Like we said, a few people said he was full of shit.
Gee, we also dropping a couple of our videos, too.
Jamal Mayers on Friday and JV out on Sunday.
I like the people who asked for them.
We gave them some of the YouTube videos,
a different perspective of the interviews.
You can see how fidgety and how much I move my hands like an Italian.
And last week, we also dropped Austin Matthews and Duncan Keith.
So it's been a big week for the YouTube videos.
One other note, too, we weren't  well, we didn't do last week.
We didn't do anything of this type last week.
But we do want to send condolences to the family and friends of Rob Andringa,
who passed away at just 51 from colon cancer.
He was a well-loved guy who was a Wisconsin defenseman.
He scored the game-winning goal in the national championship in 1990.
Later went on to do University of Wisconsin hockey radio.
Also played and coached with the USHL's Madison Capitals.
So part of the hockey family, we want to acknowledge that
and send condolences, like I said, to his family and friends.
Biz, what other goofy stuff did you want to talk about?
Eichel.
He was a guy that was in the news recently, of course, frustrated
they didn't even make the 24-team playoff.
And I think we touched on this halfway through the season where for what he's brought to the organization I think he's held up his end of
the bargain up until this point and I think given what he's given the organization if not by the end
of next year I feel as a guy of with with his of his stature and his ability I think it's fair game for him
to ask for to be moved and if not at the end of next season if they haven't made playoffs and
made steps to improve as an organization and putting guys around him at least this halfway
through the season after that if he hasn't seen any type of of improvement like you know I love
the Buffalo Sabres fan base,
and I know that that's a major piece in order for you guys
to turn things around.
And if he ain't there, you might have to wait another fucking five,
ten years.
But you got to show him something.
And I'm not saying that because he's a fan of the show.
I'm just saying is I think he's been patient with what they've tried
to put around him.
I agree with you. Five years. It's a long time.
And he continues every single year. The numbers have gone up.
How often I we need to look back and try to figure out a player who five years,
the first five years in the league had more points in this year.
I don't know what they're going to do with the stats, but he would have easily smashed last year of 82. So the thing is too,
that he,
he makes 10 million.
He's got six more years after this.
Who wouldn't take this guy for 10 million?
That's a bargain.
This guy is,
can do it all.
And he's just sick and tired of losing.
And like you said,
biz,
it's a business, but he's, he's tired of losing. And like you said, Biz, it's a business, but he's covered his end.
He's had his guy.
So in the end, if you don't start winning games,
you can't understand if a guy was publicly like,
I don't want to be here anymore.
Fans will hate him for it in Buffalo, but in the end, if it mattered to him that much
that he wants to get out into a winning culture
in a different organization, then that could happen.
Who knows?
It's just really hard to go through the prime of your career.
And the prime now is way younger and the team just being shit.
It's disheartening to see your peers playing meaningful games and you're not.
Bingo.
And you just mentioned the fact that there's been a shift.
So in the first 10 years
that's when you got a strike I feel like now Sid ended up getting one early I mean Ovi was was the
exception where he ended up finally getting it later on but think about how many years Ovi got
to play with with teams where he was able to put up those points and it was fun the one having the
opinion that I have you always look for the counter argument. And some people said, oh, well, like, you know,
he loses steam late in the season and started fading at the end of this one.
And you're like, well, yeah.
I mean, he was fucking putting on a show for 50,
and then he's got to deal with the media every day as to why the team's still shit.
And they don't know the emotional drain that that takes on a guy.
Take a guy like that out of there,
put him with a team where they can snap it around,
and his life and job are a lot easier because not only are you winning games but we
all know when you're playing with better players that the points are coming in a little easier as
well so it's i can't even i can't even take that side of the argument with with any type of of
serious uh discretion so if that was even the word i was looking for so you know all the power to
buffalo and i hope they can turn things around quick because if I'm him,
I'm getting the fuck out.
Yeah, when you look at the roster, I mean, it's certainly not the coach.
They love Ralph Kruger.
You know, they don't have a bonafide number one goalie.
When you look at the cap of what they're spending,
they're not getting bang for their buck.
You know, like the guys that are getting paid,
they're not getting the play you expect for that salary.
And there's, yeah, man, I don't know if it's a culture.
They've changed things.
They're trying this.
And, fuck, man, you do wonder at a certain point
is he going to get out of there because it's just frustrating as hell.
So we feel for him.
And we want every team to be good.
And like you said, Buffalo has dynamite fans.
But at what point is he just going to get too fucking frustrated with this?
Well, you hit the other thing as a starting goaltending.
That's one thing that they haven't addressed
and one thing that they will have to,
but I think teams are now seeing the value
given what they know analytically about the rest side of things,
this two-goalie system.
And I think even given if this playoff format were to work out
with the 24 teams, having two guys and all of a sudden having to play all these games
after not playing for a while,
I think the teams that are running this two-goalie system
are going to be more beneficial, to be honest.
I don't know if you guys saw, actually, Carter Hutton,
who is the Sabres goalie, just came out,
and he hasn't been seeing the puck clearly for the past few years.
So maybe that helps.
Fucking right.
That'll do it.
That explains it.
Okay.
All right.
You know the story, eh?
I think we were getting bag skated.
Maybe it was just in a normal practice
and Sebastian Caron.
Do you remember him, Biz?
Oh, yeah.
Seabass.
He's getting lit up one day early in practice,
and Terry said, like, what's going on?
He's like, I'm seeing black dots.
He's like, they're fucking bucks.
You got to stop them.
I think they brought him out like a power bar.
Remember those power gels?
Okay, so let's rewind here.
So the reason he was seeing dots is because when you're playing
and you're younger, like sometimes you're
like I would go to the rink without eating breakfast,
and sometimes you get on the ice, you're like,
oh, I can make it through practice.
And all of a sudden you start balking, I believe the term is.
So, yeah, I've had a few trainers run out the power bars to the bench
so I could make it through and not pass out.
Yeah.
Well,
I don't know,
boys,
I think that should probably wrap it up here.
If you had any other shit,
throw it out now.
Otherwise everybody,
thanks again for the support.
We love you.
We appreciate it and have a great weekend.
Then we'll catch you next week.
As always,
we want to send a huge thanks to our sponsors.
First off, big thanks to Death Wish Coffee,
who fueled and sponsored tonight's show.
It's awesome stuff.
If you're a coffee guy, highly recommended.
Big thanks to Bud Light, our buddy biz.
Huge thanks to Simply Safe.
Hopefully you folks are taking advantage, keeping safe.
Big shout-out and a thanks to our friends over at Roman
for taking care of our nice facial features,
and a big shout-out and thanks to Zip Recruiter.
They've been with us for a while.
We appreciate it.
Utilize them.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
I was born in the rain on the bunch of train underneath the Louisiana moon.
I don't mind the strain of a hurricane that come around every June.
strain of a hurricane that come around
every June
the high black water
a devil's daughter
she's hot, she's cold and she's mean
but nobody
taught her
it takes a lot of water
to wash away New Orleans
a man came
down from Chicago
He gonna set that levee right
He said it needs to be at least three feet higher
It won't make it through the night
But the old man down in the corner
He said don't you listen to that boy
The water be down by the morning
And he'll be back to Illinois
I was born in the rain on a pocket train
Underneath the Louisiana moon
I don't mind the strain of a hurricane
That come around every June
The high black water
A devil's daughter
She's hot, she's cold and she's mean
But nobody taught her
It takes a lot of water
To wash away New Orleans
