Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 279 of Spit and Chick that's presented by Pink Whitney
from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports podcast family.
Well, gang, what is up, boys?
It's only been two weeks, but it feels like two months since we've seen each other.
We took some big steps toward getting our beloved sport back.
We'll get to that in due time, but we've got to catch up with the fellas first.
It's been a minute.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, what have you been up to, buddy?
How was your vacation week?
Vacation week wasn't much of a vacation for me, but, boys, I'm a new man.
I'm working out.
I'm eating healthy.
I'm just a complete  being away from you guys has just turned me into just no more stress.
I'm getting healthy.
I'm feeling right.
So I missed you guys, but I think it was much needed.
I wasn't calling him 20 times a day.
Exactly.
Wait, we're getting blamed for you eating like a sewer rat?
Yeah, yeah.
I would say it's the stress.
Get out of here, Grinnelly.
Good to see you, though.
Great to see you guys.
And that is the Whit Dog, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, brother?
Not much, guys.
Great to talk to you.
It is a bizarre feeling.
We say this every time after a little bit of a break of a break biz we haven't even chatted like look like buddy like i've seen you just on these amazing
trips and these hikes it's just you've been you've been just recharging your batteries in your soul i
can tell yeah boyfriend of the year over here i went to lake tahoe have you guys ever been to lake
tahoe i know i've always wanted to. I heard that place is legit.
My brother's been there.
I'm going to go play in that American Century
Classic sometime. It was going on when you were
there, I think. Yeah, it was.
No spectators, though. People were allowed to go out on the
boats. We ended up renting a boat
the one day. I think it's safe
to say that that might be the most beautiful
lake in the world.
There's going to be a couple Lake Como stands coming at you. Yeah, George say that that might be the most beautiful lake in the world i haven't been i haven't been over
a couple lake como um stands coming at you yeah george clinton's gonna be fucking hitting me up
in the dms telling me to go fuck myself but uh what did you say all right like titty caca remember
you used to hear that when you were in revere and everybody giggled no please elaborate on lake titicaca please no please please yeah it's just like
somewhere in south america i forget what country it is but when you hear it in grade school when
you have to have to at least to memorize all these places every kid in the class would giggle because
lake titicaca yeah so lake tahoe is separated it's got half of it is nevada half that's california and
i didn't realize how how expensive some of these homes were on this lake.
We ended up going across.
We were on the southern part.
We ended up going close to the northern tip over to,
I think it was called Summerside or something.
And I was just asking the guy where I parked the boat.
I was just like, hey, what's that place worth?
Like 6 million, 7 million?
He's like, no, 32 million.
And I was like, holy shit. He's like, no 32 and i was like holy shit he's like yeah
zuckerberg just bought a place down uh down the way there too so it is some of the nicest real
estate you'll see probably the united states uh like i said just a beautiful experience great
hikes uh and i had a wonderful time bit of a hike of a drive though it took us 14 hours on the way
there so uh no but all in all, a great, successful trip, boys.
Recharged the batteries and very excited because in the midst of our vacation,
a lot got done on the NHL side, and it looks as if, though,
they're going to get this thing off the ground.
And I know we've said it before, applaud the NHL's efforts
for where they've gotten it to.
And Canada, of course, has done a great job in getting the number of cases down as well.
If a person in Boston drove for 14 hours, they better expect to be in europe at that point
people in boston never drive that far with such assholes oh yeah definitely not that's a that's
a fucking country they don't drive up in a road rage incident in like virginia before you even
thought about getting that far i know i want actually once I got out of Boston, it kind of dissipates a little bit.
Yeah, there's lots of big doings since we last met.
The collective bargaining agreement, the return to play,
it was one whole kit and caboodle.
The union voted on it, 502 to 135 in favor of,
and as Bob McKenzie pointed out, that's 78.8 in favor.
The Board of Governors vote was unanimous. The games
are going to start August 1st, just two
weeks from Saturday. Labor peace has been
insured through 2026,
which to me is the biggest detail of
all of this. The salary cap will
remain flat at 81.5 million
for next season. Will grow as revenue
recovers. Biz, that's a big point
with you. I know you wanted to break down a bit.
Yeah, obviously with the cap not moving,
it's going to affect a couple teams.
A few in particular, of course, the Leafs,
and I wrote down here, their top eight players
make up for 77.5 of the cap.
They are going to have to find a way to work that out.
Tampa's in a very similar situation as well.
Their top eight players
are making 77.68
of the cap. And I found
this interesting too. Eight of Tampa's
top ten players have a no trade clause
and or a no move
clause. And what the
fuck are you laughing with?
Is that guy just starting
to show? Well, we had two fucking
weeks to warm up for this.
Can we just host that immediately?
Biz just came at you with the stats, boys.
I was just texting the group saying, stat guy Biz, baby.
Hey, let me tell you, when Biz, when he remembers something like that,
he's going to hammer it.
And the stats were phenomenal, but i love you coming at us with
those stats early yeah i mean i i just thought i'd do a little bit of digging of course the blues are
in a bit of a a situation as well having to sign alex petrangelo i know i butchered his name again
uh and then chicago of course they got a sign re-signed strom and kubelik who who was actually
just nominated for the calder. So congratulations to him.
But, yeah, I don't know.
I don't know.
There was over 100 guys who voted against it.
I would imagine that was probably on the escrow situation that they still were fed up with, Witt.
Yeah.
In the end, though, this  it had to happen.
The whole time, everyone knew with what's going on right now,
they had to have like labor peace.
And Elliot wrote an article going like
diving deep into the fact that Batman and Donald Fair, like Bill Daley,
they're going at a pace that's usually like way more.
They're way more chill, right?
So this time they had to figure out a way to get it done,
and they all knew it.
So you know what I mean?
I think that both sides leaned a little bit,
and there's some things that the players are really happy about.
But, man, you think of free agents, and you think of guys who are like this.
That's tough.
So just horrible timing for some guys.
And if I was more prepared, I can call myself out.
I would probably have some guys maybe off the top of my head that are free agents,
but I can't thank anyone right now.
So still, you know what I'm saying.
It's a fact that there's some guys that are just extremely disappointed.
But in the end, the group the majority was it was a
majority in the way that vote went down well and you mentioned bill daly and the projected cap that
he said before all this went down with the covet situation was going to be between 84 and 88.2
million i'm not exactly sure when the leaf signed muzzin but that's going to affect it even more
and the fact that they got so much invested in the top group of their guys there so I mean look to another situation like
it didn't happen this way when the Vegas Golden Knights took advantage of the expansion draft
but if you don't think Seattle's going to bend a few teams over the way that Vegas got Anaheim
and getting like a Theodore you're going to see a bunch of those situations happen.
And if anything, maybe a little bit of trickle effect to the teams
that have a ton of cap space available, like the New Jerseys, the Ottawa's,
the Detroit's, and maybe they could take advantage.
But that's one aspect of this hard cap league that does make it more,
what's the word I'm looking for, more competitive, right?
Because all of a sudden in a situation like this
where the cap gets capped at the same amount,
now all of a sudden a bunch of teams are in a bind
when they gave guys money expecting it to go up
where they're going to have to shed some assets.
So things are definitely going to be interesting
and you're going to see where the GMs really come into play
as far as their intelligence
and how they're able to maneuver these lineups.
Dubas has his hands full, as well as the guy in Tampa Bay.
But, Biz, also, it was super important to so many guys
that they had the ability to opt out without punishment.
And you've seen, we'll go into a list, I think, whatever, there's 10 guys so far,
maybe a couple more.
So I think that I'm not saying it was just uh that few that few of the players but there was a
lot of guys who made it clear that that that had to be you know part of it and there were so many
different things that you could look to that the players maybe liked and disliked and the tough
thing is that the um the minimum goes, but the cap stays the same.
So it's like you're hamstringing teams even more.
You know what I'm saying by that?
Yeah.
It ended up getting done.
It kind of had to, and it's for a long time.
And I just think it's like in a time like this,
you don't even know what's going to  these games are going to be like
you don't even know how this is going to go down,
although the excitement is rising.
I think it was so important that they just got it done and they did so we'll
see moving forward the effects are when the league the the escrow is going to go down but the league
the league has to have a point where they're making enough money again for this really to
like start benefiting the players again so it's important that they get back playing and they
start earning money and getting this league back is is is huge. So it's good news right now. It's all,
it's all good news. I think if you're an NHL fan and certainly for us, dude,
I want to start working again. I don't know. I'm losing my mind. Just golf.
I need something else.
Absolutely. And a big part of course is the gate to getting fans back in the
building. That's where the owners rely on so much of the money in order to pay
the players. So, you know, we hope things advance in that regard.
Also, too, I think this playoffs, guys,
is no better advertisement for the parity in the league right now.
As far as I'm concerned, every team's on level playing field.
Like, you can tell me any team could win this tournament,
and I wouldn't be shocked by anybody.
You know what I was going to say?
You wouldn't be shocked by anybody, R.A.?
Honestly, no.
I mean, I think in a best of You wouldn't be shocked by anybody, R.A.? Honestly, no.
I mean, I think in a best of five for the teams that are playing that,
you get a goalie who's hot as balls and just confidence can be.
This is going to be, and I mean this is the best way possible. If the Yotes won the cup, you wouldn't say I'm a little surprised.
Not at all.
They have one of the best goalies in the world.
I'm not talking to you.
No, honestly, I can't.
I mean, it would be like
maybe mildly surprising if but i'm just saying it's to me it's such a wide open tournament like
it's almost like and i don't mean this is an insult it's like with no crowd there it's like
a glorified men's league it's like a men's league with the best guys in the world because they're
just playing in a fucking empty arena i think that's just a whole different element that adds
like to the mystique of all this that's going on. Speaking of a men's league, we saw Chelios riding the bike in the sauna,
so he's ready to come back too.
So replacement players, hey, if he could come back, maybe I could.
And looking at this board here, and I would have said,
pick any team where you'd be shocked if they ended up winning it.
And I know we talked about Carey Price going on a run with the Canadians,
but they're facing off against the Penguins, right?
So I'm like, oh, well, the penguins are probably going to roll them in three but then there was news that
came out that what nine players from the penguins ended up getting well they voluntarily sidelined
nine plays because of potential secondary exposure so it sounds like it was more of out of an
abundance of precaution more than anything um like there wasn't that nine guys tested. It was the nine guys were exposed to potentially a secondary exposure.
So it was about like, just get these guys out of here,
just in case one of them has it.
And then they're not dragging them back in.
I'm sorry.
I may be, I may be dumb,
but are you saying that these are guys who were around somebody who had
Corona or were around somebody who was around somebody?
They were around someone who was around somebody.
They were around someone who might've had a potential secondary exposure.
That's why I said it's, it's done out of an abundance of precaution because you know,
you just like,
don't want to risk it.
I did probably,
maybe they were in a place where someone's cousin got it or something
like that.
Cause I know someone went away on a trip recently and one of the people
they were away with had it.
And then they probably got sick from that between the legs pass that Sid
put out in practice the other day.
I don't know if you guys saw that on Instagram.
Holy shit.
Bring out the fucking Juergens and the Kleenex.
It was dirty.
It was in slow motion immediately online, too.
I was like, whoa, hold on.
Pull the car over.
Take a knee, Sid.
He was probably in a different country with his own sheet of ice
just working on his skills during this whole fucking thing.
He probably had a rink built in his backyard and forced McKinnon to come over
and do one-on-one drills the whole time.
But I'm looking at this list, and by the way, guys,
we're going to break down the Eastern Conference
and then the Western Conference on the final two,
one episode a week before we kick back into two when all this gets going.
And, I mean, looking at this board here, Rangers versus Carolina,
Panthers versus Islanders, which I would probably say
is the least intriguing of the eight series.
Is that a fair assessment?
It could be a shootout, though.
Florida scores goals.
They give up goals.
That's true.
The Islanders play different.
But I need to see the first games.
I need to see these games with no fans before I can give a true judgment.
That's where I'm at now.
I've been all over the map, more negative that it won't happen.
The two weeks now, right now, if they get through these two weeks,
it's going to happen.
That's what everyone's told me, including  I can't even say who, actually.
I'll keep a source. Oh, your inside source? I'll't even say who actually. I'll keep a source.
I'll keep a source, actually.
I don't want to throw anyone under the bus.
I'll tell you the craziest thing about this
whole situation is the fact that
they have the Flames and Oilers playing
in an exhibition game against each other.
Isn't that
fucking crazy to you, Witt?
I didn't finish what I was saying before,
but it is crazy. It is crazy. Let't finish what i was saying before but yeah but it is crazy
it is crazy no i didn't know you were finishing i was saying my source these two weeks right
they're not bubble yet they're not in the bubble they ain't bubblicious yet they're just at home
they're going out to dinner so right now and then they're going to the arena so listen in these two
weeks he said if they get through this,
with them all being around each other and not in quarantine, and then they get to the bubble healthy, he goes, boom, it'll happen.
So there you go.
That's a fact, according to my source.
I want to address what you said.
I do think  and what was it again?
I can't remember.
Edmonton and Calgary going out in exhibition with Cassian growing up.
That's probably why Cassian grew the pork chops.
So are people already talking about how this is going to be
the most intense exhibition game?
Like why is that the case?
I'm reading this.
Like why is everyone already saying it?
Because they hate each other.
There's no tummy sticks, no nothing.
I forget who it was.
I think who's the defenseman who just signed that deal with Calgary?
Was it Anderson?
They were talking about  one of the media guys for Calgary asked him about,
you know, tummy sticks and James Neal, and he's like, yeah,
no friends out there.
Like, we're not  we don't go across the hall.
We don't say hi.
This is for keeps.
So, it was like, oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, Rasmus, Rasmus.
Rasmus Anderson.
He just got a nice ticket.
So it should be interesting, folks.
We got a lot of good matchups.
Blackhawks versus Oilers.
That's going to be a good one.
So anyway, R.A., I'll let you take it back over.
Yeah, Whit, you know, we both have, like,
I would call it guarded optimism, Whit,
but phase two, there were 4,934 player tests
and only 30 confirmed positives. There were 13
others who tested positive that were outside of phase two protocol, so presumably overseas,
but only 30 positives out of almost 5,000 tests. I don't, no pun intended, that's a positive,
I guess, you know, I mean, we're looking better and better, man. And like we said, Biz, full
marks to the NHL, the NHLPA,
Bettman, Fair, all the players who take so much of their time to do this.
For them to get it done and not dilly-dally like baseball did,
we've got to tip our cap to them for getting all this done
in such a short period of time.
Talking about the qualifying round, well, one of those teams,
we're going to be hearing from them later,
is the draft lottery part due is going to be on August 10th. So one of these teams that loses the to be hearing from them later is the draft lottery pot due is going
to be on august 10th so one of these teams that loses the first week is going to end up with the
number one pick so that adds a whole other little layer of drama to this playoff stuff i absolutely
love it a couple other dates here of note uh let's see september 22nd the stanley cup final starts
now these are tentative uh the last possible date of the Stanley Cup final, the last date I found was October 4th.
Then the draft will be on the 9th and the 10th free agency.
It was Chris Johnson said it will either open October 9th or seven days after
the cup final, but no later than October of 11th.
Either way,
there's a possibility of the draft and free agency kind of colliding there.
There's so much more information online.
We can't obviously go over every little morsel, but we are very happy.
We're excited.
We are getting hockey back soon, and training camp's open Monday.
Not a ton of stories, which is probably good
because they're usually only injuries in training camp.
We did just mention the Penns voluntarily sidelining guys.
Steven Stamkos, he's still dealing with a leg injury.
He got from phase two sessions.
He is expected to be ready for the postseason.
Marc-Andre Fleury,
we haven't seen him out in VidVegas, but Peter
DeBoer's not too worried. He says it's a long way to go
before we start up. And even
if he isn't ready to go, they did pick up Robert
and wait for the trade deadline.
So not a bad little thing to have
waiting for you. Absolutely.
Let's see. Actually, this is an interesting note too, Biz.
This is the first camp with their players for six coaches out there.
You got Keefe in Toronto, Everson in Minnesota, Hines in Nashville,
Ward in Calgary, Bonas in Dallas, and DeBoer in Vegas.
None of these guys had a training camp with their players to start the season
because they all replaced fired coaches.
So they're kind of getting their first look at them in this environment now.
So that's huge.
That puts some pressure on them too right like you you you had you're gonna have a
little time here that you would normally never have like never have see it's it's not as much
as a a difficult situation to hop in and just be in a playoff chase if that's when you fire a coach
but biz i was just thinking this training camp's the best training camp of all time they are
probably just flow drilling the shit out of every day.
Not Vancouver.
Are they getting real physical?
They're doing push-ups and sit-ups.
No, but I'm talking they ain't hitting each other and stuff.
This is just fun hockey, skating around, snapping it around.
Well, I don't know if you had it marked down,
and you mentioned Ward doing his first training camp with the Calgary Flames,
and there was a little bit of drama in Flamesland with the fact that
Johnny Hammond, she showed up a little out of shape.
Too many hands.
Yeah.
Geez.
Who said that?
The news.
Fucking turn your phone on.
This is this.
I mean, stop working on your golf swing.
Maybe check out the timeline.
This is true news.
He came in a little ham and cheese.
Yeah, I think they stuck him in the black ace group or something like that.
So he's been skating with the plugs.
I was going to say, that guy doesn't need to be in shape.
He hasn't been in shape his entire career.
What the fuck are you talking about?
He's better.
He's better if he's a little heavier on the pox by putting on a couple of LBs
during quarantine. He still has the same mitts.
Yeah.
Definitely lowered my center of gravity.
Games haven't even started
yet and we already have our first song of the year
from Yandel. A little
fake on a breakaway in practice. I wasn't sure
which goalie he fooled, but I'm not
sure if you guys caught that. Florida doesn't have
goalies.
Is that a little beef? Oh, no. Yeah. sure if you guys caught that. Florida doesn't have goalies. Ooh, it's not a little beef.
Oh, no, yeah, they picked up Bobrovsky, my bad.
And also, I don't know if you guys caught,
Sonk made the Urban Dictionary,
so Keith can put that in the back of his card, too,
along with everything else he's accomplished.
That's sick.
I respect being in the Urban Dictionary.
Isn't that where you usually get, like, the names, though,
of, like, what a sexual move is? Like, what is you know yeah definitely blue waffle you ever seen what a blue
waffle is no no it's a blue wait wait i want wit to google blue waffle right now and look at images
i don't want to see image no i'm not looking at images i'm not doing that right now i want to see
some disgusting image the last time you told me to this, you had balls coming out of a guy's butthole,
and I don't want to do this again.
Did you see that one, the Tom Segura tweet?
Oh, in the middle of recording.
You did that last time.
Did you look at it already?
I did. I can watch almost anything except for people puking,
but I was like, I've kind of seen this.
It was a clean arsehole, so I didn't mind.
I was more fascinated than anything.
I mean, of course, I don't want to see a dude's hoop and balls,
but the fact that he tucked them in his hoop and pooped them out,
it was fascinating.
Yeah, a little Buffalo Bill action.
Check out Blue Waffle, folks.
Thank me later.
Postseason schedule also came out.
That's also big news.
We're going to be starting off with games all day,
well into the evening to start.
Also came out.
That's also big news.
We're going to be starting off with games all day well into the evening to start.
The first day, August 1st, games at 12, 3, 4, 8, and 1030.
So we're going from 0 to 60 real quick here, boys.
The qualifiers will be considered postseason, and those stats will count.
I know that was a big question for a lot of folks.
And here's this.
This is actually only the NHL could pull this off. It's very unlikely, but there's actually a slight possibility
of no hockey on the first Friday of the return to play, August 7th.
It's, again, highly unlikely, but the league has six potential game fours
scheduled that day and no round robins.
So if, hypothetically, all six of those series ended in three games of fewer,
zoinks, they wouldn't have a fucking game not happening days in the playoffs
wait but going over the notes just for one day they couldn't put on games no it's it's not that
they couldn't they're scheduled they're if necessaries right now and again it's highly
unlikely but if if the six series scheduled to play on those days are already over then they
would actually have no games seven days into the playoffs, which would be fucking hilarious.
When it's not happening, so forget about it.
It's, again, highly unlikely.
But when I was going over show prep, I was like, wait a minute.
If this pans out this way, that would really be stuck.
I'm just trying to understand how many days they would have to go
without games if that were to happen.
Well, just that day because there's a round robin.
It just happens to be no round robin schedule that day.
Yes, who cares?
One night off.
Big deal.
It does happen.
Yeah, well, after six days, it'll be like,
what the fuck, a day off already?
They usually don't come until like the third round anyways.
What's up, Biz?
Well, I was going to say, I'm going to be calling the Coyotes games,
but I got to do so from the Gila River Arena press box.
So I'll be calling my first game, I believe, the 29th or 30th of July.
I think it's the 30th of July at 10 p.m. Eastern
because they're playing an exhibition game against the Vegas Golden Knights.
But then after that, boys, like coyotes are in it.
So I'll be calling games from Gila with Bob Heat House,
and I'm very excited.
I've never called a playoff game in my uh in my color days
we'll get you us like a silver stick for that or something
not yet i'm not chipping in so silver microphone uh well we talk what we talking about a civil
was that joke you made uh over the text biz the silver something i can't remember it
might have been dirty i don't know if we're gonna have to cut it oh silver swabs for the guys who
test positive oh yeah we shouldn't be joking about that though no but actually that's funny
well okay yeah it's great i can't wait to get canceled now because everybody else is
people are dropping like flies right now. We'll be
done forever and I'll give you millions
of dollars just if people
try to cancel us for silver swabs
for the people.
Should we talk about the people
getting canceled right now? We got Nick
Cannon said something stupid. He's done.
MTV took his show away.
A lot has happened.
Will Smith's twice getting crushed by rb
singers and then they're doing red tables about it like what is happening right now in this world
crazy time it's just getting crazy man i don't know people over here i don't i didn't watch the
whole video but i know it went viral i i mean you know i've been an unplugged human being boys i
got to admit that i know know about the Will Smith thing
because I was a huge Fresh Prince of Bel-Air fan.
Literally, maybe one of my favorite shows growing up,
Saved by the Bell, too.
Did he not know she was going to tell him that?
Is that true?
Did he go there not knowing any of that?
That was all when he really, truly found out?
Or is that fake?
I think there's a lot of theatrics in that marriage and i'll leave it at that like i think i think make it that way you
will i think it's open borders on that marriage where it's just like he's getting cucked all the
time and i think he's okay with it yeah i don't i don't even know i think i wouldn't even classify
as getting cucked but yeah i don't know it's this will smith this is a lot of hollywood marriages
of convenience and you know i i don't think i don't i think there's a lot of performance well
you're you're the movie guy you should be telling us about all this behind yeah give us some like
what are some what are some famous actor actresses that that had those type of marriages that you
know about as movie guys i mean here was another one that that happened over the last two weeks was more drama regarding the Amber Heard and Johnny Depp situation where people are calling her Amber Turd online because apparently she shit the bed on him, like as a prank.
Yeah, there was some photographic evidence there.
Shitty Cindy.
I'll tell you, man, the Australian media, like we always hear about the British tabloids and English, American tabloids, but Australia is right up there.
They're pretty crazy with their media.
They've been loving this stuff.
Every day there's some new salacious detail coming out.
One day she's shitting.
The other day is a table full of Coke to start the day.
And now today he pissed his name in her rug or something.
It's like absolute fucking insanity that this stuff is like,
sounds like my twenties public.
Oh shit. Hey, i know this biz i can't wait for non-stop puck on my tv and you know what i've actually become a big fan
of listening to my tv's audio via bluetooth and it's another great reason to pick up some raycon
wireless earbuds their newest model the everyday e25 earbuds are the best ones yet with six hours
of playtime,
seamless Bluetooth pairing, more bass,
and a more compact design that gives you a nice noise-isolating fit.
Whether it's a game or a movie, I can pick up sounds I might not.
Otherwise, Raycons are also great for working out, rocking out,
or listening to some knuckleheads on a podcast.
And the best part, they don't cost you an arm and a leg like other premium earbuds on the market.
Unlike some of your other options, Raycon earbuds are both stylish and discreet with no dangling wires or stems to distract anyone during video calls. So pick up a pair and see what the
hype is all about. Now's the time to get the latest and greatest from Raycon. Get 15 off your order at buyraycon.com slash chiclets. That's buyraycon.com slash chiclets for 15
off Raycon wireless earbuds. Buyraycon.com slash chiclets. Granted, you should send some of these
over to the boys. I think they're a lot better. They sent me a pair. They're awesome. I work on
them all the time. No wires. Fake fat on camera like these things though yeah oh i love them uh hey boys i know
you guys uh want to talk about the player hotels that got revealed obviously you have more experience
this than me and granelli uh the toronto hotels were hotel x in the royal york the edmonton hotels
were the jw marriott and sutton place so let's go to you Whitdog first. What's your take on any or all of these?
I don't want to get on anyone's
bad side, but when I got traded
from Anaheim to Edmonton, I was in the
Sutton Place for about
a month. How long is the deadline
before the playoffs ends?
Very awesome
people that work there.
Old classic
hotel, I guess you want to call it, but
it was terrible.
Terrible.
Do you care
to elaborate? The NHL?
Like,
I mean, this hotel was not, I mean,
you're going to Chicago, you're at the Peninsula.
Is that place? Remember we
stayed there? Oh, it's beautiful. You know, you're going to Chicago. You're at the Peninsula. Is that place? Remember we stayed there? Oh, it's beautiful.
You're all over the country.
You're all over the continent.
Staying in the best hotels in every city.
And then the Sutton Place.
But this was a long time ago.
This was 2010.
So they might have made some sick adjustments and some big-time,
let's call them upgrades because the casino's there now and downtown's popping so i'm going on 10 years ago
but that's all i got from i mean i'm such an i'm such an out of touch nhlo now like i'm so far
removed i feel like i've i played 45 years ago all right he sounds like jr smith
I played 45 years ago.
All right, he sounds like J.R. Smith.
Great people.
Classic hotel.
Did they kill buckwheat?
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
NBA guys are not having a good time at their situation going down in Orlando. A lot of them are complaining about the food, about the setup, about the rooms.
Yeah, and they're already like girls are getting invited in, right?
And it's  I mean the bubble is having a tough time right now with the NBA.
The bubble is be popping, be popping.
And I don't know how that's going to work,
but the one tweet that that girl went viral, that was just hilarious.
She's like, I already been invited in.
It's been a minute since they got in there.
Oh, she sent out a tweet about it?
Yeah, she tweeted that she'd been invited.
R.A., you take it over.
Do you know the full story?
Well, no.
Basically, Whit said it was just some groupie, whatever, fan.
She said she had already been invited inside, but I
suppose we're talking about we got to bring up the
snitching line. It's like they go to the
end of the bubble and he's just got his dick outside
the bubble and they're just slobbing on his
knob and the dick's outside
the bubble. Like a glory hole, a giant
glory hole, but it's a bubble. Somebody was saying
Chris Paul was the one ratting everybody
out and calling the hotline.
Well, because what happened in the game, he snitched to the ref about a player's jersey being untucked,
and it's kind of a weak move to get a technical, so it ended up winning him the game.
So he got the reputation there, so now so much so that when people said someone called the snitch line,
everyone blames it on him.
But, dude, just the whole idea of a snitch line,, Woj and Shims, those two guys leak every story.
They need to get these fucking calls leaked.
They have to be some of the funniest things.
Oh, my goodness.
It's all prank calls, right?
It has to all be pranks.
Imagine the pranks we could have.
We should make our own NBA.
Yeah, we should make our own bubble hotline call for the NHL guys.
Yeah, let's do the, yeah.
We'll get Rick.
You can call, guys. We won't release it. Don't worry. It'll just be forL guys. Yeah, let's do the, yeah. We'll get Rick. You can call guys.
We won't release it.
Don't worry.
It'll just be for us for.
Yeah.
Oh man.
So what you did mention the players who did opt out,
we'll just want to give, give them a rundown here for those curious.
Travis Hamannik, who did cite his daughter's some health issues with her.
Kyle, Kyle Alsner, Steve Campfer, Mike Green, Andrew Shaw, Sven Batschke from Vancouver,
Roman Polak, Zach Trotman.
And there were a pair of Russians who may not have made their respective teams,
Mikhail Vorobyov for Philly and Nikolai Goldobin for Vancouver.
They ended up signing the KHL.
And Max Domi, who does have type one diabetes.
Him and the Habs agreed to give him another seven to 10 days to decide on
what he wanted to do.
And Chicago goalie,
Corey Crawford has been declared unfit to play.
Now going into the post season here,
the league isn't clarifying what's injury and what's may or may not be
COVID.
So it could be anything,
but I know people bitching about it,
mostly media, but it's a medical issue either way. It's none of our business., so it could be anything. But I know people are bitching about it, mostly media,
but it's a medical issue either way.
It's none of our business.
So whatever it is, it is.
It doesn't really matter.
They're not playing, right?
Yeah.
You know, it doesn't  that's the whole point of not being punished
if you're not going to feel comfortable playing.
And so you hear a lot of things that are reasons that would, you know,
would have a guy not comfortable with being around that many people.
But like you said, it's really no one's business no matter what the reason.
Absolutely.
And the NHL, they also had that brief window to negotiate with unsigned picks.
And there were some signs of guys who cannot play, but they can skate with the team.
And more importantly, burn a year of that ELC entry-level
contract including a trio of highly touted Russians the wild sign forward Kirill Kaprizov
to a two-year entry-level deal he'll be an RFA after just one season kids been a KHL all-star
all five seasons over there he's put some insane numbers up they have signed a defenseman Alexander
Romanov to a three-year entry-level deal he was
a second round pick in 2018 and the aisles look alike yeah another grinnelly look alike uh the
islanders signed russian goalie uh ilia sorokin to a one-year deal which was basically a formality
that was just to burn the years and then he signed an extension it was technically an extension so
he signed for one year next year he, he'll make 2 million.
Then he'll be a restricted free agent after.
So interesting scenario there.
And the Canucks signed a local lad here, defenseman Jack Rathbone.
He was recently at Harvard.
Signed him to a three-year deal.
21-year-old was picked fourth round, 2017.
And, of course, his decision was made much easier when the Ivy League said they weren't going to be playing this year.
So it was probably a no-brainer for him to sign with Vancouver at that point.
Yeah, nice pickup for Vancouver.
Fourth-round draft pick.
That's a bit of a steal there.
Yeah.
Have you watched him play, Witt?
Goes to Harvard.
No, I haven't.
I haven't.
He was over a point a game at Harvard.
Silky defenseman just to match his boy Quinn Hughes over there.
So Vancouver, man, I tell you, that was a team, you know,
three years ago you're kind of like, eh, you know,
where are they going to be headed?
And all of a sudden, three years in a row,
they have a Calder finalist for rookie of the year,
and now they get this fourth-round stud coming out of Ivy League
to sign a little bit early basically to burn a year off his deal.
And you mentioned the scenario Ivy league. I said that the, the,
they said the beginning, the beginning of the season might start in early January.
You have to play, you have to play hockey, dude. You want to be a pro? Yeah.
Time to go. If you can't play for months, what do you do?
Now this, this, Oh, go ahead.
No, I had something to ask you, but I just lost my train of thought there.
Go ahead.
It'll come back to me.
Well, I was going to talk about that Kirill kid.
He ended up winning a gold medal at the Olympics in 2018.
And I want to see, did he score the tying goal or the winning goal of the Olympics?
And I think he was the youngest player on the team too.
So this guy of the three Russians has probably been the highest touted.
Is that the word I'm looking for?
Yeah, I would agree with that.
And Minnesota could use it.
Yeah, they need a guy like that.
And there was rumors before that he was going to be over there for longer.
They signed a longer deal.
So they probably are pretty thrilled that they got him over finally.
And, Biz, I remember what I was going to say.
Do you know the last time a team had three consecutive years
with Calder nominees?
Oh, man.
That's a fucking  can you give me like a minute?
Can you come back to me, please?
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, actually, now that you mentioned it,
we can talk about the Colby nominees,
called the trophy finalists.
Quinn Hughes, another Grinnelly twin,
Vancouver defenseman.
Kale McCaw, Colorado defenseman.
And a little bit of a surprise to some people,
Chicago's Dominic Kubelik snuck in for the third one there.
I think most people assume this to be a two-horse race
between Hughes and McCaw. I don't know
if you can really make a wrong decision there,
Whit. What's your take on that one?
Well, this is the most
I've never
seen. No disrespect
because Kubelik, that guy's a player.
He's put up. He's Rookie of the Month
January.
And
he had stretches where he was dominant.
But this is like the most obvious two-horse race you'll ever see, right?
It's the two D-men that are going head-to-head here.
But still, it makes total sense to get a forward from Chicago
who probably exceeded expectations.
I'm sure not many  you know, the people asked before the year for some pool players, right,
Cornelli?
You know how you give out all your picks for people?
I don't think that many people would have thought to have Kubelik
before this year started, and he was awesome.
So these two D-men, that's where we can get into a different discussion,
Biz, but I don't know where you lean on this.
I'd give slight edge to Kalmakar, and that's just we can get into a different discussion biz but i don't know where you lean on this i i'd give slight edge to cal macar and that's just my pick i'm not saying it's right it's it's a coin toss but i definitely think that given how how good he was out of the gate but i would say
if the season would have finished and given on the trajectory that quinn hughes was on that it
would have been way closer if not he would have maybe potentially surpassed Kael McCarr.
But I think it's McCarr all the way.
Did you have an answer for the call the trophy quiz, Biz?
I'm going to have to go with the Leafs.
It hadn't happened.
It has not happened since the 1967 expansion.
So I don't even know before then, but it doesn't even really count
because that's when the league really took off in my mind.
And who was it?
No clue.
Well, now I got to look it up, you asshole.
I think I saw it might have been Atlanta,
like when they were like the Flames.
I don't know, dude.
I don't even know if I saw who might have been Atlanta, like when they were like the Flames. I don't know, dude.
I don't even know if I saw who it was,
but I was just shocked because it was 67 with all these teams.
All right, would you not say that's when it became a way bigger league? That's when it kind of started taking off.
Yeah, you know, I compare it to around the same time,
the Super Bowl era in the NFL.
Like a lot of people totally disregard when it was just the NFL and AFL. It like they they you know since the Super Bowl they score at what 52 what are we on
53 now yeah the NHL doubled the number of teams in the 67 expansion and you know it became a
totally different league since then thank Christ guys we have an original six uh people are going
to be coming at the Lake Como people are coming for buzz. Biz. She called you Buzz. Buzz Lightyear.
Buzz, your girlfriend, woof.
What?
We haven't even mentioned our guest yet.
No, we haven't.
Oh, Boland, what a guy.
Stanley Cup champion David Boland joined us.
Suck it, R.A.
You can take it over.
Yeah, Dave Boland joined us.
No, we talked about it.
Hey, I'm over it.
It happened a long time ago.
He scored the cup-clinching goal.
Of course, he had a nice career.
We talked to him a little while back, and I think it might even have been during quarantine.
Honestly, I can't remember anything these days.
A couple other awards we want to mention, of course.
Jack Adams.
We got the Jack Adams finalist.
Bruce Cassidy here in Boston.
John Tortorella up for his fifth.
Of course, he's won it twice already. And Alain Vigneault, also his fifth nomination. He'sidy here in Boston. John Tortorella up for his fifth because he's won it
twice already. And Alain Vigneault, also his fifth nomination. He's won it once before.
I'm not being a homer here, but I'm being a homer. I mean, it looks like Cassidy's probably
the guy to beat with 44, 14, and 12 record in 70 games. I shouldn't say it. Tortorella
has done an unreal job. Nobody gave Colorado, I'm sorry, Columbus much of a shot. A lot of
people were disappointed.
Mike Sullivan wasn't a finalist.
Biz, do you have any guys you thought you might see there and didn't?
I just, no.
I mean, no one off the top of my head.
Maybe Tippett and Edmonton, but I think given the fact
that he's got the two best players in the world,
that you should make the playoffs, despite maybe what else is in the lineup.
But I think tor torts given how much
they lost is a fair shake and and going into the season they didn't even know what their
goaltending situation was going to be and and both their guys came to play so i would i would
probably pick torts if i had to pick one of the three and going back to the calder question there
in 1968 to 1971 the new york rangers had three consecutive calder nominees
and brad park bill fairbairn and gills vill villmer oh you just buried the second and third
guy yeah i know their family's gonna be just like what so that's that's the last time the rangers
original six i was right going to the original six.
Really reaching for it there.
One other award before we move on to some other.
Hold on.
I'm sorry.
One sec.
I think that I just got to piggyback.
That's a term that they use in media biz.
You piggyback on your co-host's point.
I'm going to talk about the fact that John Tortorella is a runaway winner
because Cassidy, as good of a coach as he is,
has the nastiest players in the league making like 4 an hour.
And so, look, they're just a sick team, right?
Yeah.
Billy, Vino, they went out and get hazy.
They spend a lot of money.
They had a solid core there.
They had a bunch of weapons. They're a solid core there. They had a bunch of weapons.
They're a wagon.
Hazy should have got the Adams trophy finalist.
I think he got named like man of the year, Flyers media,
like something like that.
Or maybe like the seventh player.
No.
What did he get?
He got something.
No, he got the award that shows the most heart.
The Gene Hart Memorial Award that shows the most heart.
Okay. So, you know, Vigneault, great team behind him.
Tortorella had a team that yours truly, amongst many others,
said was going to be trash,
and they've just been competitive as hell all year.
They're just a hard team to play against.
And he lost his two best players, his goalie and his superstar forward.
No, his two superstar forwards, Duchene too.
So it's a landslide for torts.
The man will never go away.
He's just too much of a dominant personality that when he's on
in the cities that he's in, the teams are good no matter what.
And then sometimes it runs out, but right now it's buzzing.
You just have to compliment him because he's reinvented himself
in the sense of he's continually walked that line
where he's moved to where the game's moved.
Not to say he's gotten softer, but just he kind of knows
where that line is and he treads it lightly.
And going back to your point, now I'm going to piggyback.
Your piggyback is
Oh, that's a double.
You can't do that.
We're not getting podcast rankings because you double piggybacked it.
We're going right to like AM radio.
But people probably would have picked them as a lottery team
before the season given what they'd lost.
So congratulations to them.
And who knows, they might still get it.
So let's move on.
Also, too, you know, when he went to Vancouver,
that wasn't too successful for anyone involved.
A lot of people thought he was done, that his style was done.
And then since then, he's only gone on to, what's it,
be nominated three more times for this award.
Since then?
Wait, was he in Vancouver again?
Because that was a disaster.
Either way, he got nominated with the Rangers,
nominated with Columbus twice.
So, again, I mean, he's looking at possibly his third win at it.
He's a hell of a coach, no doubt about it.
He actually came out and said that he thinks the Olympics should be
just for images too.
I heard a rumor about the Boston players taking team-friendly deals
because they were getting paid on the side with Bitcoin.
But that's another story for another day.
Another rumor that's been floating around is Brock Besser
getting traded away from the Canucks, which was bullshit.
People already debunked that one.
I tell you what, man, Canucks media, Canucks media,
some of them are great.
I would put them as top of the worst as far as the drama
and all the bullshit on the side.
Yeah, Burt hates them.
Actually, we had some transactions as well in the front office.
New Jersey finally removed the interim tag from Tommy Fitzgerald's title,
and he's the official full-time GM of the New Jersey Devils now.
One of his first moves was to go out and hire Lindy Ruff.
He became the 19th head coach in 38 years in New Jersey.
He was an assistant for the Rangers.
He got replaced by Gord Murphy.
Alan Nezrodina interviewed for the job.
He didn't get it.
New Jersey's missed playoffs the last seven to the last eight seasons.
This is Ruff's third head coaching gig.
We're around the campfire.
LaViolette wanted a little bit more money,
probably more commensurate with what his resume is.
Gerard Gallant wanted a little more say in player personnel.
And those guys, you know, they got the leverage and the luxury to sit around.
I mean, they're getting paid by other teams,
and they don't have to take a job at Jersey.
So if they couldn't get what they wanted, no sense taking the job.
Right, Biz?
Well, yeah.
If you're going to go into that type of situation,
you want a little bit more say and, of course, money
because if things don't go your way,
given the fact you don't have your say in personnel,
I mean, you might as well get paid financially for your suffering.
So I don't know.
I don't know what to think about this hire.
Whit, do you have any opinions on it?
Yeah, I mean, it seems, you know, you always hear,
because we've gone with piggyback as a term,
you always hear at the old boys club,
like Lindy Ruff's been around for a long time.
He's coached for a long time.
So, you know, you kind of sometimes,
I think fans can get excited for maybe a new hire.
I don't know. I think when fans can get excited for maybe a new hire. I don't know.
I think when you get a guy who's a little younger and maybe has a different outlook on, like, the league and stuff
as opposed to a guy who's been around for so long and done a really good job.
So you could make that argument, but I still think that he knows how to win,
and I think guys do love playing for him.
So it's just you didn't know which way they were going to go,
and when they made that decision, I was a little bit surprised.
And another interim tag was also removed, this time from Minnesota,
while Coach Dean Everson, he signed an extension through 2022.
General Manager Billy Guerin cited his, quote,
detailed communication skills and fire, end quote.
The Wild went 8-4 under the 55-year-old Everson
before the shit hit the fan.
So, obviously, Billy Guerin liked what he saw in the short time he did see him,
but I'm pretty sure they played either with or against each other
during their respective careers.
So, he probably likely knows him going way back.
So, let's see.
One other note.
Oh, yeah, Chris Pronger left the Florida Panthers.
He was working in their front office for the last few years.
He left to focus on the high-end travel agency he runs with his wife of
course he talked about it when we had him on as a guest a little while back so good luck to chris
seeing all these fancy pants places around the planet i'm sure it's tough work but nice if you
can get it and now we're going to shift it over to dave bald in a second but i did want to tell
you that this interview was brought to you by Dude Wipes. Dude Wipes are the original flushable wipes for guys.
Everyone is stocking up on toilet paper with coronavirus, so you need to be stocking up on Dude Wipes,
as Dude Wipes are better than toilet paper and are multipurpose to use wherever and whenever on your body,
especially in this hot New England heat.
They come in handy.
Dude has many products to stay clean and hygienic during this interesting time
and all the time.
If you're not using these yet while dropping a deuce,
do yourself a favor and check them out.
You feel so much better and fresher rather than only using shitty toilet paper.
They truly will change your life.
The Dude brand has also expanded into a whole new line of awesome products,
including the new Dude Wiper 1000 bidet attachment,
which is a lean,
mean, poop-destroying machine. And Dude Bombs. Dude Bombs, two-in-one bombs that you drop in
the toilet prior to deucing, they create an indestructible barrier that instantly neutralizes
stank in the ear, leaving no trace of the crime. As seen on Shark Tank, Dude has something for
everyone with your everyday hygiene needs
you can pick up this stuff at amazon or walmart we'll use the code hockey 10 for 10 off at
dudeproducts.com check that stuff out definitely handy in the summertime you get a little swass
going got to clean that stuff up all right boys i think uh it's about time for Dave Bowen. So now enjoy Dave Bowen.
Well, our next guest played in exactly 500 NHL games,
including regular season and playoffs.
He spent seven of his 10 NHL seasons in Chicago,
where he won a pair of Stanley Cups in 2010 and 2013.
And, of course, in 2013, he scored the Cup winning goal.
He also added a Memorial Cup with London in 2005 and a World
Junior Gold Medal in 2006.
I'd like to welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast
Dave Boland.
What's going on, fellas?
Hey, Bully, Jesus Christ, have
a career for just 500 games
combined. Oh, didn't need
much time to get all that done.
No, no, no, just the kick
running out, that's all. Hey, it's no, no. Just the quick one and out. That's all.
Hey, it's like I come in.
Make my money and leave.
Championship, championship, and money grab, and see you on the golf course.
That's all I needed.
In and out like a fiddler's elbow.
So you just said you're in London, Ontario.
What have you been up to?
What are you doing these days?
Yeah, I'm just back in London, Ontario. What have you been up to? What are you doing these days? Yeah, I'm just back in London, Ontario.
I was in Florida for the last five years.
I was on injury reserve for the last three.
I was living down in Florida
for most of it.
I was just hanging out, golfing all day.
Then my visa got...
My contract was done
and my visa was done, so I had to move back
to London, Ontario.
Not a bad city, but we just got back in.
We just got golf back, so we're all golfing here.
So it's nice.
What's with all you Knights guys all going back to London?
I don't know.
Like, we all  just something about it. I know London's just a  it's a good town.
It's a good college town.
You got Western here but
just something about we all come back here
and it's just a great area
to hang out
great golf courses and a good crew
of guys. Biz, it's because they
all won the Memorial Cup there, they don't have to pay
for meals and shit
it's like why are you going anywhere else
oh my god
you don't go back to Saginaw?
I actually was there this past year, so thank you very much.
Bulls, I want to know what you've been doing now that you're done playing hockey.
Yeah, well, basically I've just been hanging out right now,
but I'm thinking about kind of going through the motions,
but I'm going to go back to Chicago and start working with the Hawks.
I'm not sure what kind of position, but, uh,
Good for you, buddy. Awesome. Yeah. So, uh,
I think winning two cups kind of helps it, but, uh, it's a, uh,
I miss that city and so much went on and, uh,
it was just a great place to play and I want to go back there and get back.
Buddy, I know I was busting your balls.
You didn't play for a super long career, but, man, when you were out there,
just such a prick to play against.
That was how you did it.
You also were skilled, but in the NHL especially,
just that shutdown centerman to play against anyone was tough to play against.
Was that something that you were born with?
Like even when you were a younger kid, you were just always hard-nosed?
Or was that kind of developed as you got older?
I was always hard-nosed.
I got three other brothers that are bigger than me.
And I remember when Dale and Mark kind of went to go and draft me into the OHL.
They were like, oh, this kid's going to be big.
Look at the size of his brothers.
I was probably like 1.40, 1.50.
He didn't grow that much either.
But going in the NHL, mostly in the OHL,
it was about putting up points and putting up goals and that.
But once I got up to the NHL and I was there with Q, Q kind of threw me in that kind of
role of that third line center, and just playing like a pest, and I was putting up big points in
the OHL, and I kind of thought, hey, like, maybe I'll just roll in, put 50 up in the NHL, but that
didn't happen, but I knew if I wanted to stay up in the NHL and be a full-time
player, I had to do something
else. That was that third-line
role.
Were you disappointed in your draft position?
No, not really.
I was actually lucky. I was glad.
I know a lot of people get
disappointed because they don't
go in the first round and they want to go first.
I was actually glad I went to the Blackhawks
because things weren't going too well there.
They're on the downside.
And they were looking for some young players to come in.
Like, I think Dallas, Jersey,
I forget which other teams were in that 25 to 30 range.
But I was glad to go 32nd and go to the Hawks.
I mean, you mentioned how you were all about getting points in junior,
your last season, 130.
Is that good?
How hard was it for you to adapt to that third-line positional role?
Well, maybe you weren't being put in those opportunities.
And at first, were you stubborn about it with Q?
No, not at all.
I know I was coming up and Q kind of, he was like, hey,
I'm either going to be a second or a third line.
And I was kind of not producing as much, but producing a bit.
But I just kind of relished and kind of liked that third line role
and playing against all the top lines.
So playing against Joe, the Sadeen twins, the players,
all the Ovechkin and all these top line guys.
I thought it was always, I thought like for myself coming in
and I knew I had to be ready for those games.
If I wasn't ready, then they would have walked all over me
and it wouldn't have been fun.
But I kind of relished it.
I liked it and it kind of got you in the game more.
Yeah, I mean, I've brought up many times before, as Biz has,
that some guys aren't able to change their game.
They never figure it out, or they're stubborn.
And so you're just proof that if you get into it right away,
it becomes a little easier.
But that first-year pro, I'm just looking at numbers.
Like, you had a great first rookie year in the AHL.
I mean, those are awesome numbers.
Almost just fit about 50 points, 63 games, but only one game.
That year were you pissed off?
Only one game up, I meant.
Or were you just like, all right, I'll just chill down here and wait my time?
No, no, no, no.
I was still growing.
I was still pretty light.
And back then, then like when you guys
when we all came in it was a man's game like I remember going in and facing off against Marty
LaPointe in practice and Brian Smolenski and and Marty LaPointe used to just pick me up and like
just ragdoll me and throw me over the side and like it was I was still getting bigger I was
still getting stronger like my first game I i came in it was against uh it
was actually pretty funny it was against the sadeen twins and and first ship was against those two and
marcus naslin i think it was like minus two already but uh it it was it was still a man's
game and i was still learning a little bit and i think playing playing in the hl is great for guys
i think it's a great league to learn. I went down there.
I had Mike Havilland as my coach.
He was great with me, and he brought me up,
and there were still little things to learn.
It was just not about scoring goals.
Boy, when you joined the Hawks for good,
were there any veterans in the room who sort of maybe took you under the wing
or kind of showed you the ropes a little bit?
Yeah, when I came in there, like Marty LaPointe was there uh brian swalinski uh martin have a lot uh it was cool it was like
talking like marty lapointe he was one of those guys that that was great with me and he was another
guy that kept pushing me and pushing me uh we'd be doing drills and i'd be going in the corner with
him and he would just ragdoll me and it it of got me tougher and stronger, and I had to realize,
hey, this isn't going to be easy up here.
This is going to be a little tough.
So we did have some good veterans that year.
Did you live on your own your first year,
or did you live with an older veteran player?
No, I lived on my own.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
It was mostly at the Sutton place. That's where I stayed... Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Yeah. It was mostly at the Sutton place.
That's where I lived. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right down in the Viagra Triangle.
How many times did you eat at that Gibson's?
No, Tavern. Tavern. Tavern.
Oh, yeah.
Tavern. Tavern was the place to go.
Oh, yeah? Why was it the place to go, Dave?
I don't know. It was just a great
place. Great food. Their chicken
parm was unbelievable.
Nice TVs, too. Their TVs
were sick, man. They were like
50 inches.
You fuckers.
Who was your first goal scored against?
Florida.
Was it Vaucoune?
I think it was Vaucoune.
My first NHL goal was against  I'm pretty sure it was Vaucoune against Florida.
Jesus, going back too far now that I keep forgetting.
Let's go back to London.
We've had like 20 guys on recently from the London Knights,
and I'm sure people are sick about how dominant you were but we got
to talk about your development through that organization
because no one in the Ontario
Hockey League does it better
well you're joining the Booster Club now aren't you
yes yeah I know yeah I'm official
he's going to take you guys down
I'm telling you this is not good for
London I got my tinfoil hat on
I'm going to figure out all the conspiracies
that's awesome no I think like Dale and Mark London. I got my tinfoil hat on. I'm going to figure out all the conspiracies.
That's awesome.
Dale and Mark,
I came in there and their NHL
that they played, they went through the rankings.
They went through the NHL
and they knew
what it takes. My first year
I came in at Bantam.
I think I had the same thing i had like 150 or 60
points in in peewee or bantam and that and i came in and i was like i was just gonna come here and
score but it wasn't like that i still had to learn defense so i think i played how many games i had
17 points uh and then the uh the next year i came in i think i put up another 60 or 70 for my dropped
year uh but i think just the way mark and dale treat you they treat you like a pro uh they give
you all the tools they give you everything you need uh to to play and to to get to the next level
we were asking uh shrimpy about that radio show that him and Prusty were on.
Did you think it was nuts in the middle of playing
in a season that these guys were doing live radio
once a week?
Yeah, Prusty was loving it.
Prusty was great.
You know Prusty.
Prusty loves the center.
He likes the limelight, so he likes to get out there
and get himself in whatever he can.
Prusty was born to play in New York.
That was just perfect for him.
Oh, I remember going every time.
I think we were in, I forget who I went to New York with,
but I was flying to New York to meet Vince Vaughn and a few buddies.
And I never told Frosty I was coming.
And it was Vince, my buddy Steve, Peter Billingsley
and they were just hanging out
and they're like, hey, we're in New York.
Why don't you come hang out and get after it?
I was like, yeah, why not?
So flew in there.
They're like, hey, you guys want to go to a Rangers game?
I was like, I'm i'm like trusty's playing
but i didn't tell trusty so vince and i were sitting right behind the uh sitting right behind
the bench and trusty's skating around and me and vince are sitting there with these big tall boys
and trusty turns around and looks at me and goes what up he's, what are you doing here? And it was pretty funny just
when he turned around.
He's like, oh great, I was planning on calling
early night, now I'll be out until 3 in the morning.
Amy, where?
No, he's like, wait,
first he sees you, then he sees you next to
Vince Vaughn. He's like, what planet am I on?
Well, I mean, I think that's a way of of lightly putting that
you guys found quite a bit of antics throughout your time he actually teed me up for one when
you guys ended up winning your stanley cup how it ended up getting lodged in between two buildings
yeah so we're at uh so the start of the story was uh we at John McDonough and Stan Bowman.
They're all like, hey, don't take the cup to Wrigleyville.
So I think it was myself, eager, and boorish.
We kind of just said, ah, fuck it.
Let's take it.
So we take it over.
We're like, how are we not going to take it over there?
So we're like, let's take it.
So we went over to the bleachers.
So the bleachers, we were over in the buildings.
You can go in these buildings.
You can watch from the top of the bleachers.
So we went to the top, and the Cubs weren't doing that well that year.
So everybody was looking at us.
Next thing you know, people were swarmed out, came out to the bleachers.
We were all hanging out.
We had to get a police escort out.
So we go back to the bleachers. We were all hanging out. We had to get a police escort out.
So we go back to the house, my house.
And my Chicago house is like an old row house.
It goes up about how many feet.
And the houses are pretty tight and just enough that the Stanley Cup could get lodged in there.
So it was past the time that it should have went back.
But I forget who it was.
I'm not sure if it was myself or Eager, but someone went to walk and tripped
and threw the cup, and the cup got lodged between my house and my neighbor's house.
And we had the cup guy that was a friend of mine.
We had him hanging by his feet.
We're like, fuck, if we drop this guy, this guy's dead, but he better grab the cup.
He still dropped the cup.
He got it, but he
had to bring it up. We had the pliers. We were wrenching
it back, but there's some
pretty good stories with that cup.
I feel like we just glossed
over Vince Vaughn. Did you end up becoming
buddies with him before or after
the cup or during that whole run? How did
that all come about? No, during
the 0-9-10, during that cup run, I stayed that all come about? No, during the 0-9-10,
during that Cup run, I stayed in
Chicago, and they were filming the Dilemma.
Actually, Jennifer
Connelly, she wore my
jersey in it, so that was a pretty
cool thing. Oh, really?
Oh, R.A.'s getting the
can I brands out. He's fucking stroking
himself right now. He's getting on the movie talk.
You want to get on the movie talk, R.A.?
I mean, Vince Vaughn's a pretty big name.
I mean, to not just gloss over,
I figured it'd be worth asking.
I actually heard
that a buddy of mine went,
he was hanging with Vince Vaughn one night,
said that he couldn't have been the more
down-to-earth, normal dude. They drank
and played beer drinking games
until three in the morning. He was just a great guy.
He's a beauty. He's awesome.
Awesome. Guy's guy. We'd go
out. When I met him in
09, 10,
he didn't have a cell phone.
He used to call his wife and be like,
Hey, is Vince there? I was just wondering
can you come out?
He didn't know the cell phone.
So then he eventually got one.
But I met him during the 09-10,
the year after he won that Stanley Cup.
They were filming The Dilemma.
And he was around.
And I was like, hey.
So we started hanging out.
And then from there on in,
we would go back to his place,
play NHL 2000 or 2K or whatever,
and play cards.
But just like you said, he's the guy's guy.
Big beauty.
Just likes having drinks and having fun.
Tell me you got to meet Eddie Vedder as well.
No, I never met Eddie Vedder.
No.
I think Sharpie.
Sharpie, he was a big Pearl Jam guy.
I love Pearl Jam, but I think Sharpie's met him a few times.
How about Sharpie just hopping on to NBC Sports
and being the hottest sportscaster in America?
Are you fucking kidding me with that guy?
He's got the face for it.
Look at that guy.
The face and the hair.
Yeah.
He's got it all.
Did you see him getting into the media world after his career?
I saw that.
I could see it.
But he knows, like, he's the sharpest, and he knows the game so well.
Like, he can tell you one of  he can tell all of his goals.
Like, he can remember  like, there's stuff that he remembers
that I was like, fuck.
I was like, I can't remember half the shit that happened during 2010.
I remember half the shit that happened during 2010. Yeah.
But he's got a great mind and a great read on the game.
But Sharpie's a smart guy, and he knows the game really well,
and he takes good pride in it.
I was going to ask you about Burrish as well,
another guy who ended up hopping into media
and has transitioned really well.
Yeah, Burr's a good guy too.
He's great, and he transitioned really well. Yeah, Burr's a good guy too. He's great.
He's into that.
He's got that kind of spark and that fire with the Blackhawks.
I think he's doing it with the Blackhawks TV.
So good on him.
He's a great guy as well.
We interviewed Colin Frazier, and I play with Matt Edmondson.
You obviously won cup with him.
But he was telling us the funniest Quenville stories about him screaming
about a horse racer in the Derby and coming in and just being on the bench
and yelling, this is the NHL.
Do you just remember him the way he described him?
Oh yeah.
Q loved the horses, loved the horses.
But he, I think,
I'm pretty sure we were playing Vancouver in the, in the playoffs and you can,
and you know,
Vancouver how you got the one room right beside us that you can go in and take your clothes off and kind of stretch and all that.
And all you hear is Q yelling, come on, come on, come on.
And you can hear somebody yelling, and he's supposed to be coming in to do the meeting.
And I think some of the guys popped ahead, and I think it was the preakness that was on.
And he had one of the horses that was going for the trifecta.
Bulls, you went from the glory days in Chicago to going back home to play in Toronto.
I consider that home for you.
I asked Colin Frazier the same thing.
Sometimes it's not always what you thought it would be.
What was your experience like going to play for the Leafs for that year?
It was awesome. I loved it.
Toronto was great.
Like, you kind of, you think you're going to play
in one city for the rest of your life,
but just the way it goes.
But I was pretty grateful to have them send me back to Toronto.
And what a city and what goes on there during the season.
It was a blast.
I got to play with Loops and Silk Castle and Bozak and a few guys.
I met a lot of good guys on that team, and it was fun.
I had a blast.
Well, you and Whit have something in common.
You guys both got coached by Randy Carlisle.
Oh, Randy.
How about when he would call the face-off plays in the D-Zone
and he'd do symbols from the bench, like rub his nose and shit?
He had some weird, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But the best would be him and Phil.
Oh, my God.
Randy would be like, okay, boys, we're skating.
And you'd hear Phil, I'm not fucking skating, Randy.
I'm not skating, Randy.
They would bickericker it was just hilarious
were you there were you there around the time when that steve simmons guy came out with that
hit piece on how he wouldn't stop eating hot dogs in the press box or some shit
no about about phil about phil there was like a hit piece about him i thought i thought it was uh
i thought it was that that there was a hot dog guy right below his condo.
Yeah, that's what he claimed.
And it claimed to be completely full of shit.
Yeah, he was full of shit.
Yeah.
Kind of like how that photo of his basement wasn't true either,
about how it was his beat-off lab.
I don't know.
I'm just tying in the coincidences.
How many coincidences
until Phil Kessel's not a fucking...
Hey, Bull,
you know that he...
We went to the women's gold medal game
in Vancouver in 2010, day before
the men's, and it was at like 3 o'clock.
He had a large
nachos with cheese all over him he didn't
give a shit sitting in the stands oh hey like phil i love phil phil is a beauty i love him but
he used to come in every morning with a tall like these extra large ice cappuccinos that had like
5 000 calories like oh my god like a frappuccino, the Frappuccinos.
Yeah, but no, no, like a Tim Hortons.
I don't know, but he's picked their ice cappuccino.
Oh, no free ads.
What's that?
We're a Dunkin' Donuts podcast.
No free ads.
Oh, Dunkin' Donuts, okay.
Bully, I want to ask you about this.
So you play with Nazeem Qadri,
kind of playing that similar role
in Toronto like you did in Chicago
was he picking your brain quite a bit?
Yeah, Nazeem's great
I love Nazeem
he kind of, like you said, another
London guy that came up through London
and he kind of does play that
same role as me
he kind of relishes it
and for sure,
we're actually pretty tight
just from London in that,
but I like Nas.
He plays a hard-nosed game.
He sticks up for himself,
and he does what he needs to do.
I think he's one guy
that I'd love to see win a Stanley Cup
and see him hoist it.
Do you think that,
given what's happened
over the course
of maybe the Boston rivalry, he tends to lose his cool
just a little too much?
Yeah, Nassi, you can tell.
He gets into it.
Like any one of us, if I saw someone that jabbed me,
I'd take that extra lunge at them,
or I would probably do something stupid as well.
But I think Nassi, he plays a hard game, and he plays what he does.
But I think for Nas, sometimes he does lose his cool a little bit too much,
but he plays it hard.
Bully, I want to go back to the 2010 Cup run.
You had eight goals and eight assists in 22 games.
I know you had a couple of monster years in junior as well, but was that 10 Cup Run
when you were feeling it the most out there?
Yeah, that 2010 year, at the start of the season, I had back surgery.
I had an L5S1, and I was trying to do whatever I can to not have surgery,
and it just got to be too much, and I was like to do whatever I can to, uh, to not have surgery. And I, it just got to be too much. And, uh, I was like, fuck, I was like,
I need to get, I need to get this done.
And so I'm glad I got it done at the start of the season. Um,
I think that was Olympic year. Um, so I, uh,
I got back just before the Olympic break. Cause they're like, Hey,
if you don't get back, you don't get those two weeks off.
So I was like, I'm coming back, make don't get those two weeks off so I was like I'm coming back make sure I get those two weeks off but um I was uh I was well rested so
I was I was ready to go once uh once I came back I think I came back in February uh and I had a few
months to get into it and right when uh the playoffs came uh I was ready to go and I wanted
to uh to give it all you mentioned the the back surgery
um i believe you had a pretty bad foot or ankle injury as well that set you back do you think
that that was eventually the demise and the fact that even when you secure the bag in florida that
you were just never really a hundred percent yeah and the back wasn't much of it was mostly the
ankle so the uh the periodontal tendon that uh I had cut, it just didn't get strong.
I tried everything.
After that year in Toronto, I was done for the year.
I came back for one game.
I wanted to at least get one game in before that season was done.
And I was on a pretty good roll that season with scoring and points
and just with my play.
So it was something that did set me back.
And when I went to Florida, I was a Jack to get to Florida,
and it was to get back with Dale and to play.
And my first year there, it was just not too bad.
My ankle was still bothering me.
I was just a little slower.
The next year I came in, it just dragged me down, just mentally.
And there was some surgeries that they could do,
but nothing that was secure and that would say,
hey, like this is going to be back 100.
There was minor surgeries, like if I couldn't walk.
I can walk, I can do things, but just skating was one of the big ones.
I just felt like I was a step behind.
Like I said, mentally, it screwed with me a lot.
For those who don't know the backstory, what exactly happened?
It was cut while you were playing with the Leafs through your skate, correct?
Yeah, my perineal tendon. backstory what exactly happened it was cut while you were playing with the Leafs through your skate correct yeah my my parallel attendant yeah like uh I went in the corner with uh Zach Cassian and uh he kind of just came in and like right where your shin pad hits your your skate there's
like you you guys know there's like a half an inch or an inch there and it came through and
flipped my parallel attendantal tendon right off.
I was stuck in... Actually, we were supposed to have a rookie party that night in Vancouver
and I missed it.
That's just a real kick in the nuts
on top of the...
That sucks.
I asked the doctor, I was like, hey man, can you get me out of here
quick? We have a rookie party tonight.
He's like, bro, you're about
to go under the knife. You're like, oh, shit. Hey, you know what? We have rookie parties tonight. He's like, bro, you're about to go under the knife.
You're like, oh, shit.
Hey, you know what?
We have a lot in common in that at the end,
there were just so many dark days for me where you kind of know it's ending.
You think you're not sure.
Was it the same for you?
Because I just remember being really upset for a lot of time as my career ended and I knew it the same for you because I just remember being really upset for a lot of a lot of
time as the as my career ended and I knew it was happening yeah like that uh that second year in
Florida uh I went down to the minors and even when I went down there and and I remember guys asking
hey like what's wrong like is there a point you're okay and I'm just like hey like I'm a step behind
like my ankle it's just
not getting yeah like my ankle's just not strong enough i've tried a lot of things and there's just
nothing they say that would help it so uh like you said like just mentally just screwing around
like i was i was fit enough my lungs were great everything else was great uh everything was like
i felt great just my ankle wasn't strong
and the strength of that tendon
just wasn't holding up.
And that side was connected to my back.
And once my ankle would go,
my back would go.
Oh, it's like, well,
I mean, dude, I feel for you.
But on to better things,
because you actually broke
one of our co-hosts, R.A.'s heart
with just an incredible Stanley Cup winning goal in 2013.
And it's funny.
I figured when we were chatting tonight earlier today,
I just watched those final two minutes.
I want to know, take me through when it's tied up
and your line gets thrown up out there.
Like, what's your thought process at that point?
Because who would have thought 15 seconds later, dude,
you're banging one home.
Yeah.
I think Q sent this out.
I knew probably the top line was out there.
So Q sent this out being like, okay, let's just preserve this.
Hey, get the OT and we'll figure this out.
Let Kane figure it out.
Yeah.
Where's Kane or Taser, her host?
Here you go.
And even before that, we're like, okay, whatever.
Let's go back to Chicago.
We'll win it there.
We won in Philly, so we'll come back to Chicago,
and it'd be nice to win a Stanley Cup there.
But time just went so quick, and we won the draw.
I think we got on.
I think it was Krug's and Frohlich on my
line. It was me and Froh.
Froh was on my right side, Krug was on my left.
I got
the puck, drove the middle,
threw it out to Froh, I'm pretty sure.
It went all the way
around. I think he missed the net. It went around
to Johnny Oduya.
Johnny shot the puck.
I just snuck right behind Boy Chuck.
And I don't think he really saw me.
I thought I was there.
And the puck just bounced right there.
And right when I saw that, I was like, oh boy.
I better not miss this one.
Fucking put it in the open.
Sorry, you're leaving something out in that when you watch it,
to watch what you did is so smart because you're sitting there
and you could have easily waited there and you just see
it's like three quick first steps to get
to the front of the net. And of course
that's where you go. A puck finds you and you bang it
in. But when you celebrated,
was that glove throw like
I think we just won the cup or was that by accident?
What was the story on that?
No. So when Boyd Chuck,
like you said, most guys would probably stay back there
and just think about the puck coming back around.
But once I felt that with Johnny, I knew I had to get to that net.
And when I put the puck in the net, Boy Chuck came hard down on my hands.
And I was like, he wasn't letting go.
I wouldn't let go either.
Someone just scored the Stanley Cup winning goal on me.
And I kind of just said, fuck it.
Like, I'm out.
Like, this should be the winner, I hope.
But I just let everything go and celebrated.
Unreal.
You mentioned Hossa, and I don't think he's talked about enough on this podcast.
He was a machine.
He showed up every day to work, and he was a workhorse.
Talk about another guy whose career was cut short due to his illness.
Yeah, I think he should be the Hall of Fame pretty quick here
once everything starts going.
I think he has one more year left.
But ultimate teammate, great guy.
Great guy in the room.
Like I said, I was hurt that I was rehabbing my first year.
He came, I think it was 08 or 09 or sorry, 09 or 10 that first year.
And with my back and we would go to the rink together
and do things together. And I became pretty good friends with Host,
and he was just a great, like you said, he's a machine,
and he built like one, too.
Like, you just watch him.
I just remember watching him back check,
and I always kind of watched little things that Host would do,
and I always watched him back check and how hard he used to get back,
and I was like, oh, maybe I should try that.
But he was just a great guy.
Holy, back to that 2013 final again.
Will you ever part of a final at any level where the two organizations
and cities had such a mutual respect for each other,
like Boston and Chicago did that year?
Well, played against Vancouver.
But I think just the way us in Boston,
I think it was a great series, a great two teams that battled hard.
I know they had a great team that year.
And it was just a hard, hard finals.
I know guys were coming out of there beat up and playing against a guy like Lou Cheeks,
a killer, and a few other guys.
It was a tough series.
Yeah, because I remember after, I don't remember seeing it before,
each team took out an ad in the opposing city's newspaper to say,
basically, thanks for your classy fans and the way you treated our fans
when they were in town.
It's just something I hadn't seen before.
It was pretty different.
No, no, no, for sure, for sure.
We were in Philly. We played Philly something I hadn't seen before. It was pretty different. No, no, no. For sure. For sure. Like we, we were in Philly.
We played Philly. I remember doing a lot. I remember doing a lap.
I went around a lap. I saw this, this father and daughter,
they smiled for someone around. Second time I go around,
she's like must be seven years old. Next time I come around,
they're flipping the bird at me. I'm like seven year old kid.
Got to train him young you know
what i think god got that rivalry going was the the big dispute between chris pronger and and eegs
now you went you know head to head with prongs when he was essentially at his best what what
was that like and how fucking mean was that guy in front of the net oh he was a mean prick in front
of that like his stick and he would jab you and he'd always get you right around, like, the rib area,
and he'd get you pretty good.
But him and Buff and Eags, like, I remember him and Buff would go at it,
and those are two big boys, like, just throwing their bodies at each other.
It was crazy.
But Prongs, he was a massive man, and he he basically just ragged all of you.
I was more insinuating to when  was it Eags who went over
and stole his puck after the game?
Were you guys having a good chuckle in the locker room about that or what?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, I think Pronger used to take all the pucks,
and who knows where that last guy  I think he still has it probably.
But, yeah, I think Eags stole the think he grabbed the puck in one game.
It was almost a big tilt, but we had to take it.
After the second title in 2013,
did you know that that summer you were probably getting traded?
How did all that kind of come about?
It's true.
You say you think you're going to play for the one team your whole career,
especially if you're winning titles.
It's like you kind of must have been shocked in a sense.
Yeah.
I kind of knew it was coming.
I knew, like you said, the cap and everything going on.
I knew I wanted to make a little more money like everybody,
but I kind of heard some rumblings that I was going to be going.
It was just one of those things that you kind of deal with,
but I was glad that I got to go to Toronto and come back home.
I grew up watching the Leafs like anyone from Toronto,
so it was pretty cool to put that jersey on and skate out on the ACC
and play in front of my family and friends.
It was incredible.
I want to ask about Jonathan Taves.
We always hear about his stoic leadership.
Does he ever lose his shit in the room and just snap?
Taves never really snapped.
Sometimes he would, but he was pretty calm.
He was always serious, but there was sometimes he'd snap in the room
when things weren't going too well.
But he was calm.
Taser was a great leader.
He always was great with me, great with everybody.
But he'd lose his shit once in a while, but he would never go crazy.
I'm actually shocked at this point you mentioned all the Stanley Cups
and no mention of the cop car you guys stole.
Oh, I might have heard it today.
If we don't want to talk about it, we can just glance right over it.
No, no, no.
I'm cool with that.
I don't think after winning the 2010 Stanley Cup,
I don't think I paid for a cab ride in Chicago.
I always had a car.
I had most of the cops.
I became pretty good friends with the cops
and a few of the cops guys in Chicago.
But Dunks used to live down the street from me.
And I remember we'd hop in the cop car
and drive it down to Dunks' place.
It was pretty funny. we'd hop in the cop car and drive it down to uh drive it down to dunks's place this is pretty
funny but dunks dunks is a different guy he was telling us how he would put a mask on sometimes
and just walk into a like a cvs in chicago and just go buy something bring it to the counter
not say we're and walk out which is kind of risky when you think about it oh yeah and in chicago too
like you never know what goes on.
Oh, yeah.
Dunks is  oh, yeah.
Dunks has, like  we'd go over there, have a huge party,
and there'd be, like, guys, girlfriends over there,
and he'd come down in, like, a full, like, full mask, like,
and scare everybody.
I was like, whoa.
I'm like, where'd this guy come from?
But, yeah, Dunks is a beauty.
He gets after it.
Boy, you played in Florida, like we said,
for a couple years. They've been struggling
sometimes. They can't get a nice
attendance draw. What do you think they need to do
to get some stability
as far as fans coming consistently?
I think they need to get it out.
I don't think where they're located
isn't probably the best area.
I think there's fans.
There's people down there. Whenever we're there, there's people everywhere. I think there's fans. There's people down there.
Whenever we're there, there's people everywhere.
I think they need to either put that building down in Fort Lauderdale or in between Miami or something like that.
But there's fans there.
I know I lived down in Fort Lauderdale one season when I was done,
and there's hockey fans everywhere.
They're out there.
It's just so far to go out and to watch a game and have drinks have beers and they don't have much they don't have calves running around all the way out and uh and where it is so I think if
they relocate that that building and put it in a prime area I think it'll do well. Bully for
somebody who's going to get uh you know re-involved in the game and especially
on the player development side, there's been such a change in the way the games play at
the National Hockey League level.
Have you talked to a lot of guys in preparation for that in order to jump in that role?
Well, I don't know which role I will have or what kind of role I'll have, but the game
has changed.
You can see it's changing every day.
You can see that size doesn't matter anymore.
You can have a guy that goes out there that's 5'6", 5'7",
as long as he's fast, he's speed, he can play.
I know when I came into the league, I was 5'11", weighing 1.50,
playing against men that were 35. Most most other guys on teams were 35 and
older um but uh but the the league is changing uh it's a it's a young man's game uh these days
uh if so it's it's just a a change of of of but, uh, I'm not sure what kind of role I'll have in Chicago.
So I can't really go a little bit on about that, but.
Well, as somebody who played a, uh, you know, a rugged style of game and,
and Chippy, how do you feel about the game, the way it's played now?
Do you feel like it has maybe lost a bit of its passion or are you excited to
see what, what it holds with all this change?
Yeah, I think it has lost a little bit of that passion.
And, like, our games against Vancouver, we hated each other.
I remember speaking with O'Brien, Shane O'Brien, after those games,
like, when we were in Florida.
And he's like, we hated you guys.
Like, we hated you guys.
But those games were just great games to go
and you just be,
we were always ready for those games.
You don't see those kind of rivalries anymore,
that kind of hard-nosed game.
A lot of, you can see a lot of the fighting,
a lot of the other work,
a lot of the fighting isn't lot of the, a lot of the other work, like a lot of the fighting isn't kind of.
It's no longer relevant.
And the reason I, and the reason I ask you is cause you know,
of course we like it a little bit more old school style and people say,
Oh, you're a fucking dinosaur. We don't care.
But I just feel that the more and more people we talk to is like,
even as a fan now, I feel like those regular season games just there's not enough
juice in the squeeze like there's just no there's no passion out there there's nothing to be excited
about because most teams don't have three or four world-class players that are fucking spinning
around and and so like when you have those rivalries that are involved it just puts a
little bit more juice on a you know a regular ticket being bought and i mean maybe it's just
you know my experience but i see i came I came to keep hearing the same thing.
Excuse me.
No, no, I agree with that.
I do agree with that.
We all came in during the years when fighting was huge.
I like that.
I like the fighting.
I like the passion.
I like the scrums. I like all that stuff. I like the dirty, not like the passion. I like the scrums.
I like all that stuff.
I like the dirty, not the dirty, dirty stuff, but, hey,
I like getting in there and all that kind of.
I believe so, that passion.
You don't see the passion in there, but, hey,
that fight and that kind of desire and all that.
The hatred. I do believe that. A little bit of hatred and all that. The hatred.
I do believe that.
A little bit of hatred, right?
A little bit.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, since we're on the subject, let's talk about Kessler.
Oh, my God.
You must have had some good battles against that fucker.
You too.
Actually, me and Kessler didn't go at it.
We went a few times, but it was mostly me and the Sedins and either Burrows.
But those series and those games, they were great.
I loved playing against Vancouver.
It was fun.
We hated each other.
What was one little dirty thing that Kessler would do?
Did he have a dirty move off a face-off?
Or you guys were like, hey, watch for this.
I'm not really sure.
But I know he would always try to get Taser.
He'd always try and get Taser off his game.
And then he'd do something.
And then Eags would go nuts or Burrish would go nuts.
And then I think Laddy fought on one game.
I think Laddy took it to him.
Hey, we like asking everyone about Big Buff
and just memories of that guy.
We've heard just how good of a dude he is,
never has a bad day.
Were you kind of surprised to see what happened this year
with him just leaving money on the table like that?
Yeah, I don't know.
Some guys, Big Buff, he's a great guy.
I love Buff. I roomed Big Buff, he's a great guy. I love Buff.
I roomed with Buff when he was in Chicago,
and we kind of came up through.
A lot of room service tabs.
Let's get into it.
Yeah.
Jinx, man.
He was good.
He was good.
Buff was awesome.
Great teammate, great guy.
We used to have a lot of fun together.
But, hey, I think for some guys like
uh it's it's hey sometimes the game sometimes you have the heart for the game to keep it going and
some guys are kind of just like hey like hey i'm kind of fed up i don't want to play anymore and
he had enough so uh you got to respect if if he's done and he's had a great career and he's been great but uh but yeah i want to go
back to vince vaughn again one of the names you mentioned uh peter billingsley i think it went
over the heads of my my co-host here but uh for those you're listening you know you know who he
is absolutely it's ralphie from a christmas story who was also messi marvin from the old
messi marvin hershey's commercials. I love that guy. Yeah.
Yeah.
He became a movie director.
So him and Vince are tight.
So I met through Vince, Peter Billingsley, and Steve Byrne.
Steve Byrne's a comedian, funny guy, really funny guy.
But they were always hanging around.
And same thing, I was like, hey, Peter Billingsley.
Isn't that guy, isn't that Ralphie?
He got the eye shut out from the Christmas story.
But he's a great guy as well.
Great guy to hang out with.
They're always a blast to hang out with.
You must just be fired up just to be moving back to Chicago.
It's one of the best.
It's the best city.
It's hands down the best. It's the best city.
It's hands down the best city to live in.
Just the Cubs games and the Bears games.
During the summertime, they've got so much going on.
They've got festivals and tons of stuff going on.
But just the people and the fans there, the food.
Chicago is hands down one of the best cities to live and play in now.
Bully, we got to thank you for coming on, man,
and wish you the best moving forward, depending on, I guess,
whichever role you land with the Chicago Blackhawks.
I guess we'll leave it with this.
I mean, I know you're excited the golf courses are back open in London.
Maybe we can get you for a sandbagger.
Are you down?
Maybe you and Prusty.
Who would you pick as your partner?
I'd probably pick Witt.
Thanks, buddy. I appreciate that.
I appreciate that.
But I got to drag Biz around on my shoulder,
so you can't bring somebody that's too good.
Okay.
I'll bring Prusty.
Prusty, you go. Prusty and I
will take you guys to Redtail.
Hey, this summer, at some
point, Biz, we got nothing going on. Let's shoot
up there. Let's go.
Social distancing-wise.
Hey, Paul, you're the man. You're the man, dude.
Hey, what a career, buddy. Seriously.
So thanks for coming on, and hopefully we see you soon.
We got the sandbagger done deal.
Awesome.
Let's do it.
Thanks for having me, guys.
This is awesome what you guys are doing, and it's great for hockey.
It's a great thing to get out there.
Thank you, Bully.
Thanks so much, Bully.
Really appreciate it.
Big thanks to Dave Bowen for joining us for a nice chat.
Hopefully you folks enjoyed it.
We sure did.
Biz, what's going on, buddy?
I know you like to chat.
What do you got going on for us?
Well, I had a question for Witt, and this happened last week.
I didn't want to text him, given the fact that this Bryce DeChambeau,
he's a golfer, right?
So all golf information I go to Witt with.
And I was following it on Twitter,
and it seemed like a lot of people were being like negative towards this guy
when he won and I was I mean you'd think that most people would be happy for him this guy put on a
bunch of weight he's driving the ball like a maniac and wit I guess you could tell everybody
what's the deal why does everybody kind of hate this Bryce DeChambeau guy this guy is it while saying it's like one of the most impressive insane things i've ever seen in
sports what he's done i'm not kidding in a six month span or five months span whatever it is
he is the most hateable person the most he is such a clown and his talent is otherworldly he's a freak and he's like a dedicated athlete and all
he cares about and and all he cares about is winning and getting better and it's like incredible
to watch but he's so brain dead he's like he's like a buddy you have that's just like so dumb
but you love like you love him some people love Some people can't stand them. And what he did
that tournament, I think it was on Saturday,
the tournament, they got
no fans right now. And
guys didn't want to wear microphones, but
they have more microphones around
the players because it's better to listen to these guys
talk to their caddies. And it's more
entertaining than the actual
announcers are, unless you get
me in the CBS booth. That's who
you need to make this entertaining. So they got Cam, they're trying to make access better. And
this guy's turned into what he's done. I'll go into that if we want to, but he's put on 35,
40 pounds in five months and he's hitting the ball 400 yards. He's literally changing the game
of golf. He's just hitting driver as far as he can. And he gets so close to the hole.
He can just like pitch it on.
And it doesn't matter if he really hit it that straight,
but he still somehow hits it dead straight three 90.
So he's like happy Gilmore,
but he learned how to putt.
He learned how to putt.
So,
so I,
I digress into the fact that this fucking cameraman watches him hit a
bunker shot out of the,
out of the sand trap
right next to the green.
It's a bad bunker shot, not close enough to the pin for his liking.
And he's furious.
And he's like, I think he takes a chunk out of the sand,
and he's all bitching and moaning.
He's an emotional player.
And the cameraman is just, okay, I got the top story in golf right now.
Kind of having not a meltdown, but a little moment where he's pissed off,
which is fine. Everyone who plays golf understands this. You're're gonna get mad out there you gotta get over it but whatever he wasn't even bad and Bryson starts giving it to this
cameraman he's you know I'm paraphrasing I wasn't there I'm not the cameraman I'm not working in the
booth yet he starts giving it to these this guy he's telling him what are you doing get away from
me and a golf channel reporter did a great job.
And after the round, going into the fact that I want to get the story,
why was DeChambeau kind of like jawing at a cameraman?
What's going on out there, right?
It's a storyline.
Imagine Crosby and a cameraman going at it.
Like, what's the deal here?
So the guy does some reporting and interviews DeChambeau,
who's so dumb, so out to lunch.
He's like, this is what he says when asked about the incident.
Yeah, I just, you know, I don't think that they should be showing that footage.
And it's kind of ruining our brand.
Hey, dickhead, you're ruining your own brand by screaming at a cameraman that's doing his job.
They're trying to get some footage.
He's literally hired to video camera a golfer,
and especially when it's the best golfer, to really focus on him.
And this guy's complaining that the cameraman's ruining his brand.
So as much as he's done to like shock the golf world
and becoming this dominant Happy Gilmore human,
he's like just a brain dead.
He's a brain dead clown in certain aspects of his life.
It's all my,
this is my description for the guy right there.
So is he giving Patrick Reed a run for his money?
No,
Patrick Reed's way more hateable because Patrickrick reed like seems like an evil motherfucker
but bryson is more bryson is more just so like dumb goofy you're just like dude get a clue you
know what i mean like patrick reed's like cheating out there do they uh do they drug test in the pga
for performance enhancers like how did he put on 35 pounds so that's a good question because in the
pga tour they do this unreal job i don't
know if it's good or bad but they don't say anything about anyone like guys guys get get
guys take a couple months off well you know some certain guys might have been suspended actually
but the tour tour is willing to say the players just he's not playing for months you know what
i mean like that stuff happens they do not want the tour to have a bad image so i mean it just doesn't it just i don't know dude i can't even explain
who's who's the other guy i kind of lost my train of thought there brooks kepka is is probably
number one in the world right didn't he chirp him online about taking steroids yeah so that's what
that's what that's what it was it's like this steroid thing you you you ask a question now you're a prick it's like dude is that is that possible
to do that 35 pounds now you you gain the weight you're also it has to be straight up muscle
because he's so strong now to have these swing speeds. Dude, he's swinging the club 150 miles an hour.
What do you swing it?
I don't even know.
Like my club head speed is like 110, 112 miles per hour.
That's like not  actually, I don't even know what my
I might be fucking up the numbers right now.
I'm just fascinated by all this golf drama,
and since it's the only professional sport that's actually in the midst of playing,
I just feel like it's got this big magnifying glass on it,
and I'm just eating it all up with the golf drama.
Yeah, exactly.
We eat drama in our lives.
We got a little bit more golf.
We got a little bit more golf.
Yeah, this is a lot of golf talk.
I love it.
I feel like a natural.
But, Biz Biz going back
to the internet stuff we were just talking about
I thought the subtitle meme was played
out but then all of a sudden this
Spanish comedian
he's doing Edmonton in the bubble
I started about 10 times in my
feed I just thought oh this stuff's played out
I finally listened and then I sent it to you guys
legit one of the fucking biggest
laughs I've had all quarantine
the laugh was perfect everything was set up so perfect like whoever did that i actually really you pull
his name up for him i i haven't written down but i can't find it in front of me the guy laughing
the guy laughing like i i was dying laughing at that i sent it to everyone i was like this is
actually genuinely like his laugh you if you don't laugh at his laugh, you're
nuts.
Crazy. When you go to the original
version, it's not as funny.
It's still funny just because of that laugh.
Actually, Biz, do you not want to talk about it?
Because there was a ricochet shot. Well, I was going to
say it was funny up until the point he made in front of the
Coyotes. And then he
said that they're going to have the advantage
of playing in front of no fans and then
I turned it off so I was not happy with it although for those of you who aren't on Twitter
and Instagram or any type of social media maybe they put it on Facebook who knows
not knowing how many of you still on Facebook but maybe we could post it to one of our accounts so
those people can know what the fuck we're talking about but a very funny subtitle uh skit there with yeah what was the original skit well the comedian's name is uh
nor kid why i believe he's from canada absolutely crushed it and the original skit was actually an
interview with some spanish comedian he's telling a story about some dishwashing job he had i think
there might be a little loss in translation because i mean it certainly sounds funny if you
speak spanish but he's telling a story about his dishwashing job and how he put money somewhere and
it disappeared but it's just the whole interactions with that host like the guy just puts his head
down and shakes it and then that cackle and laugh it's all fun man speaking of funny things from
edmonton i know you just mentioned that zach cassian's pork chops it looks a little bit like
tom petty from live aid do you see all the Live Aid bouncing around?
I probably wasn't born yet.
Okay.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
Hey, I have to go back to when you mentioned Facebook.
Do you know Facebook, when it came out, it would have been my senior year at college,
and it was right around like BU, right, at Harvard.
Yeah.
year at college and it was right around like BU right at Harvard yeah but but I turned I turned pro so I could they take away your email and you could only get on Facebook at that time if you had
a college email no way and I couldn't get on I remember at that you know when Facebook came out
talk about a game changer I remember being so mad i'm like i can't even donate money they
wouldn't even i said donate money just give me a bu email get on facebook and now i don't know
anyone on it are you alluding to the fact that like it was tappans because you had it city
city tappan city all right what else do we got to talk about, boys?
Actually, I did just mention Live Aid Biz,
and I'm sure a lot of our listeners have had financial aid.
But do you still have student loans?
Refinancing them with earnest could save you money and lower your monthly payment,
and it only takes two minutes to check your rate online.
If you're still paying the same rate you were when you graduated, odds are you could reduce your monthly payment and save big,
even if you have refied in the past. With today's low rate environment, most people can save by refinancing again. Earnest is the easiest way to refinance your student loans, saving you
time and money. Checking your new rate is fast and easy. To start, complete a few questions online.
It only takes two minutes and you'll get a personalized rate estimate all without affecting your credit score.
If you qualify, Earnest offers customizable loan terms and no fees.
You can even combine private and federal loans.
Imagine having one single monthly payment with one low rate.
Already refinanced the loan? No problem.
You can still be eligible to lower your interest rate once again.
Plus, the internet loves Earnest customer service.
They've rated 9.4 out of 10 on Trustpilot,
so you're going to always get the support you need.
Start saving today because our listeners get a 100 cash bonus
when you refinance a student loan at earnest.com slash chicklets.
That is E-A-R-N-E-S-T dot com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Again, that's a 100 cash bonus when you refinance a student loan
at earnest.com slash chicklets.
Go to earnest.com slash chicklets today.
Terms and conditions apply.
A couple other notes here.
Paul Hendrick, a longtime Leafs reporter known as Henny,
an MLSE of Potted Ways.
This guy goes way back before MLSE owned the team.
He's covered the team for close to 40 years.
That's a hell of a run.
Best of luck to Henny and his future in adventures,
wherever they end up.
Paul, do you know him well?
Did you know him well?
I met him a few times, and you could see just the outpouring of support.
For him online, I don't know exactly where he's going to end up.
I don't know if there was maybe some drama behind the scenes
and they couldn't work out a new contract.
I don't know any details, but that's quite the run with one organization,
and congratulations to him if it's something that he wanted.
Yeah, certainly a long time to cover one team.
Good for him.
There was an article in The Athletic.
It was arena rankings.
Now, it was done by the sports writers, so a little different maybe taste
than what the fans would have.
So that's why maybe some of the results might surprise you.
Number one was Vegas.
Number two, Montreal.
Number three was the Rangers.
Number four was Winnipeg.
Number five was Pittsburgh.
To me, I was surprised.
The TD Garden was 11th.
I thought they would have been much lower.
Nashville was 18th. Obviously, like I said, it's probably the best fan experience in the league but if you're going
to cover it it's a little different i suppose but here's what was funny biz the island has had two
of the bottom three spots the mausoleum him back lease and insert that that laugh from that video
we just talked about.
Oh, shit.
I couldn't help but piss myself laughing when I saw that.
Winnipeg fans are going to slaughter me,
but they just aren't the same as that first year when they returned.
I thought it's been on a bit of a slow, steady decline.
The fact that Nashville is  That's personal biz.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
I'm going to have fucking Winnipeg fans thrown shade at me online well um
nashville should be higher up there i think that's that's a joke yeah like that is that was the worst
one for me the worst that place is sick and and i had no idea even when i got to the nhl remember
somebody's i was saying how's nashville's like, unreal to play in. Great city.
I was like, what? I thought it was empty.
I don't know.
When were you able to start
watching games
like all the games around the league, R.A.?
What year was that?
Could you do that in 2005, 2006?
Was the NHL
center ice around then? Yeah, you know what?
Because I had DirecTV while I was at the old place where we started the show.
Maybe I'm way off.
Shit, man.
I can't remember if the things were two years ago or ten years ago at this stage, man.
It's like not even pandemic, just getting close to fucking 50, man.
I get fucking old quick.
Just a couple other notes here.
DHM Detox stepped up and sponsored that last block of echl
player relief fund interviews that we'll be dropping on our youtube channel uh we just
dropped that cam neely interview uh we have derrick sanderson brendan walsh brian burke
the kachuks sean avery nick kiprios brian yandel and ty domey coming out uh as part of those videos
that'll be the end of it.
That's everything we have in the bank.
So for those of you who are looking for a little extra entertainment,
check those out on our Spit and Chicklets YouTube channel.
And once again, thank you to DHM Detox, the all-natural hangover cure,
for stepping up another 10,000 to the ECHL Player Relief Fund.
We've raised over 75,000 for those guys.
Thank you to all of our fans for also chipping in on the gofundme page so a pretty cool thing and once again it was all for a league that helped
me get my start in pro hockey and uh once again thank you to everyone for watching those videos
and of course all the sponsors that were involved in helping out well said biz uh there was one
other award we kind of basically skipped over,
the Ted Lindsey Award finalist, most outstanding player,
as voted on by their peers.
Some people think this carries more sway than the Hart Trophy.
And, of course, the three finalists were Leon Dreisaitl,
Temi Panarin, and Nathan McKinnon.
You know, this thing typically goes to the guy with the most points.
And, I mean, Dreisaitl, he's got 15 more points,
more than the next guy below him.
So I'd be surprised if anyone other than him walks away with this one.
Another note, John Forslund on the Hurricanes,
he's the longtime TV guy.
They've still yet to come to an agreement.
There's been one constant throughout Carolina the last 15, 20 years.
However long they've been there,
it's been John Forslund doing an outstanding job.
He's the, hey, hey, what do you say?
That guy.
He's great, man.
Everyone knows that guy.
If they let him walk, somebody will scoop him up damn quick,
no doubt about that.
And also, we saw some tough news since the last time we met.
So we want to send our best wishes to a friend of the program,
Eddie Schach. We saw on Twitter he's having some health issues, and we want to send our best wishes to a friend of the program, Eddie Schach.
We saw on Twitter he's having some health issues,
and we want to send all our love his way.
He was a great interview we had.
We had a lot of fun with him.
An old-timer, as old school as you can get.
So, like I said, we saw the tweet about him.
He's having some health issues.
So we just want to send our best regards his way.
That guy was  he was a pleasure to be around i remember remember we had no clue
what to think about that interview and then he walked out we're like that was incredible so
yeah we're taking him and all of his family absolutely all right well um with that all right
uh we gotta talk a little bit about golf golf talk hockey! Hockey Talk's over. And before I even get into a little golf
talk, Massachusetts Amateur Week. Yeah, my reaction, you can tell. But before I get into it,
I got to talk about Supreme Golf. I got to talk about them because everyone knows hockey guys,
they love playing. They love playing golf when they're not at the rink. When you're not playing
the hockey, you know, usually it's all summer, right? The hockey guys golf and they're not at the rink. When you're not playing hockey, usually it's all summer,
right? The hockey guys golf and they use Supreme Golf. You're crazy. You're an absolute clown if
you're not using Supreme Golf because it's totally redesigned website and mobile apps. I say mobile,
mobile apps, Jesus. But they make it incredibly easy to find the best tee times and great rates.
They have a brand newnew Supreme Golf rewards program
basically paying you to play golf.
Book your tee times using Supreme Golf
and earn reward points for every round booked
and turn those points into credit towards your next tee time.
Boom.
And, you know, like I said, hockey guys love golf,
and so hop on that.
Supreme Golf, check it out now.
Sign up at SupremeGolf.com slash barstool today you're a
clown if you're not using i could have read that better than you no chance you would have still
been on the first paragraph you would have then asked for take three four five six seven and i
was done in one take and hammered at home everyone knows that hockey guys love playing 18 when they're
not on the at the rink and if they're  fuck off. Never mind.
I butchered it.
Cut that out, G.
Fucking  the words were too close together on this text. All right.
So I'll go into golf talk.
Yup, it was a huge week.
Got into the mass and we talked about it a second year in a row.
It's all about reps at this point, right?
I've proven to myself that my game, when it's on, when I'm playing nice,
like I can play with really good players, right?
I'm going out.
I'm shooting even par a lot.
Shooting under par a decent amount.
Shooting two, three over a lot.
I'm playing good golf.
So to get back into the mass am was big.
And then I got the New England am.
That's next week.
But we got the mass am, so I'll talk. So I'm not going to go hole by hole. I'm not going to
bore you because it is 36 holes, but I'll try to really include the important parts.
I'll start off. I'm paired with my buddy, Kyle Tibbetts.
We'll go into what this did at the end of this quickly. And then another kid, Andy Luther, kid from Alabama, went to Auburn.
Now he lives up in Massachusetts.
Great dude.
So first round, obviously I got the nerves.
You got the nerves going.
You always will.
But I'm on the range.
I hit it nice.
Just like a couple six iron swings, a couple wedges, a couple drivers,
five wood to end it.
That was going to be my first shot of the day.
I hit a pretty good shot but ended up in the right in the right bunker so it actually wasn't that great there was plenty plenty of room left so i got an 85 yard bunker shot to start my day by the
way the putting green beforehand is practice putting it's lightning fastest greens i've ever
put it on no doubt rolling it probably a 13 and i'm like boy, I haven't putted greens like this in a long time or ever.
So I got this real tough shot. Who knows how firm they are as well. Coming out of a bunker,
you can chunk it, you can blade it. I hit like a really nice shot. Lands like seven,
eight feet from the pin, but the greens are so firm, rolls long, chip it up, make the putt par.
Nice start. Move on. Number two, driver pull it this time after pushing the five wood.
End up in another fairway bunker, 175.
Another testy shot, right?
I got to get this over the lip.
Not too high, but still, you're in a bunker this early.
Second shot.
First one was a feel shot.
Now you're full swing.
Dude, I hit a rocket seven iron that lands just short of the green,
runs up just a little bit long, 25 feet long.
Six shot.
I two-putted up there.
I actually had to make about a three-footer for par.
Boom, every hole.
I'm not trying to go every hole, but that's an important play right there.
Next hole is like 465 par four.
I bomb driver down the middle.
I'm like, that a boy.
There you go.
I stripe a seven iron.
The pin was 190.
They were so firm.
I got the front of the green was 164.
Huge greens at this place.
The Bay Club, Mattapoisette, enormous greens.
I hit my number just to the front of the green,
knowing it's going to release 15, 20 yards.
25, no, maybe 20 feet pin high.
Hole it.
One under through three.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Four is a par three. Now you i got a uh a dm
from graham dilette my buddy he's good buddies with commodore i can't say my buddy i've never
met him he's commodore's good friend and commie's always said this guy's a great big hockey fan i
think he listens to the show he said hey you mentioned on golf talk he listens he mentioned
you mentioned that your par three scoring is the worst part of your game.
Start hitting to the middle of the greens.
Don't even look at the pin.
Just hit to the middle of the green every single time.
I'm like, thanks, Graham.
You fucking legend.
This guy's been injured.
This guy's an unbelievable player, one of the best ball strikers in the world,
and he's healthy.
So I get to the fourth hole, par three.
The pin's tucked back left over bunker.
What do I do?
I hit it at the pin.
I pull it a little left. It ends up in this bunker. What are you doing? I hit it at the pin. I pull it a little left.
Ends up in this bunker.
Like, what are you doing?
Why didn't you just hit it out to the right?
It's mental shit.
But, dude, I get in this bunker.
I hit this beautiful bunker shot to two feet and tap it in.
Great save. So, I got two fairway bunker pars and now an up and down green side.
Still one under.
I got to go quickly to the green side. Still one under. I gotta
go quickly to the fifth hole.
Sorry, Biz.
No, I love this shit. What are you talking about?
Sorry. Keep it going. I'll do fucking two
18s, bitch. So then, it's a
long-ass walk over to five.
Now, I haven't gone into the fact. Massachusetts
decided you can't have caddies.
You were only allowed caddies if you got in a match play.
I think we all know that I didn't get in a match play the way
I'm talking. I'm sorry to break it to you,
but it'll be entertaining. Keep listening.
I promise you what happens, you won't
believe, or maybe you will.
So no caddies.
Dude, you used the long walk. Thank God
you get there, and they got shuttles for us.
I was so mad you couldn't have caddies.
It's still upsetting, but they got
shuttles for us. So you hop over, and I'm on this ride.
It probably took like a minute and a half, long-ass ride to the fifth hole at the tee.
And I'm thinking, great start, dude.
You're getting in some tough positions, but you're scoring,
and then your swing is going to come, and there we go.
Fifth hole, I hit a 5-wood.
It was like 390, kind of tightens up at like 270.
Hit a 5-wood, have 135, maybe 140 in.
Perfect 9-iron, just like a little 80 9-iron.
Land it so tight, releases like 15, 20 feet past the hole.
I just missed the putt, but another nice par tap,
and I got a par 5 coming up.
The par 5, it's like a 100-yard fairway,
dead center from the tee box, and it runs out at like 320 there's then a bunker a long ass corner bunker with long grass around it that is
a 265 or 267 carry it's dead downwind but don't even go near there hey ryan just hit it left
hit driver you might you'll be able to hit a five-wood or
a three-iron in if you hit a good drive. No, what do I do? I push it. It's going at this bunker,
but I murdered the thing. And I probably fly it. Like if I hit a good one, I could probably carry
the ball 260 maybe. It rolls out, you know, so I, unless I really launch one, I might be able to
get one downwind, maybe 270. But what does it do?
It doesn't carry it.
It hits the very top because I smoked it.
It's the very top of this bunker, long grass, and looks like it rolls in.
And I'm like, oh, whatever, though.
It's just a layup hole now.
No worries.
I love my fairway bunker game.
And I get up there, and I see a marshal, one of the four county marshals,
and he's searching through the long grass.
No.
Here we go.
Couldn't roll into the bunker.
He's searching through the long grass.
I'm like, oh, motherfucker.
But he's got it.
Hey, here it is.
I'm like, all right.
I see the lie.
It's trash.
And there's a big-ass cross bunker about 130 yards up.
So it's trash.
I don't know how this thing is going to come out,
but I have to swing hard enough to make sure it gets out because it's sitting down in this grass it's probably
three four inches long almost thin but long and wispy and i end up hitting a wedge that the grass
kind of turns that the the the club head over and the ball comes out and gets out but it rolls into
that cross bunker it came out hot holy shit oh shit. Oh, fuck. So now I got 140 into this green,
which is the bunker has a big-ass lip in front of it.
So I got to get something high over there.
So I'm hitting a wedge, but I'd have to hit it huge to get it there.
I leave it short.
I chip it long.
Now I got par putt, and I nestle it up there there and I miss it, but I nestled up there and I take
bogey at this point. I'm back to even, right? Seventh hole I go, stripe three iron down the
middle. It was like 380. I think I had maybe 120 in or 115 in and the pin looked tuck left. I hit
a good shot pin high, spun back a little, but a great two-par move on. Eight, I get there.
I hit a five-wood.
I push it a little bit.
It's a 400-yard hole, cross bunker.
It's longer as you go right to left.
So at a diagonal, like you can hit it longer and not go in there.
Well, I push it to like the 235 zone where the bunker starts.
My club goes 250, 255.
It's up in the fairway bunker.
The pin is on a shelf.
It's in the back left and the whole green.
There's one section that's left high and then the green goes down about eight feet.
There's another section.
You're down there with how fast these greens are.
I've been impossible to putt.
I'm in this fairway bunker.
It's been money all day.
I hit a nine iron that is directly at the pin and lands about two feet from the hole and releases
with spin to about five six feet just a money shot dude what a play bucket hassle off this
dude i missed the pot hassle off in the sand all day not good i missed the pot dude we're annoying
i go to the par three next hole i I hit it into the bunker. Stupid decision.
The bunker was a 165 or 168 carry, and the pin is at like 185.
Just hit your 6 iron that you know will go 175, 180, and then you're fine.
And I risked hitting a huge 7 iron because it's downwind.
Well, it ends up in the bunker.
I hit the bunker shot to 3 feet.
Another beautiful greenside bunker shot. I missed the pot. So I should be one under after birdie and eight. And then now I missed that putt. And now I missed this putt to stay even
on the front, whatever, one over. Stripe driver on 10. It's like a short dog leg left, heavy,
85 yards in, hit it to 20. Kind of a bad shot, two-pot par.
Go to 11.
I watched the drone footage of the 11th hole because you couldn't get practice rounds, so they released drone footage of each hole.
So I watched that to at least know because I'd never played the course.
Can I use it for my next mockumentary?
Yes, you can.
I'll even go out there and swing it around like you do with a short-ass bat
swing, and you can video me doing that.
And so I get up to this par five, I said, you're going to lay up because it's a dog
leg left. Then the greens raised up to the right. I hit a perfect drive right where I said on the
notes, right inside this tree, you could see it. I'm about two 35 out, but I am like at about 160
yards for me. There's high trees that you'd have to hit it over. That's right where the green is.
Or you just hit it to the left and lay up and be about 80 yards out, 100 yards out if you want.
I'm like, no, I can do this.
I hit a  actually, I pull it off.
I hit this huge four iron, enormous high cut that lands just short of the green.
I'm like, perfect.
Just up in the rough in front of the par five, chip it on, make birdie.
I get up there and I actually did it
because Tibbetts hit the same shot.
He hit a big cut, landed in this perfect spot.
And I'm like, I'm doing the same thing.
And I did it.
So I get up there, his lie is perfect.
I'm like 10 yards short of him buried in this horrible lie.
It was like, there was all little,
it was like rough area that was fine to chip out of.
And then this little six foot area of just clumpy ass grass at Whitson. So I'm like, oh
shit, I just got to make sure it gets on the green, get out of here with par. It rolls 20 feet past
the hole. I'm looking at this putt from all angles. I'm like, this putt is so fast. I tapped this
thing. I breathed on it. It rolls 10 feet past. I don't think I could have gotten it inside five
feet. I swear to God, it was just, I miss it.
So now I told myself to lay up on this par five.
Well, I ended up going for it and I bogey it.
So it's like, why don't you just lay up and hit a wedge on?
You wouldn't have the shit lie in the rough.
So I'm pissed off.
I go to the par three, 160, hit it 20 feet right of the hole, two putt.
It's kind of a tough two putt too.
It was like a big hill, lightning greens, as I mentioned, glass. The next hole after that is the 13th hole. It's a kind of a really hard, long par four,
dogleg right. And if you hit the ball straight off the tee, you're in these huge mounds with
tall grass everywhere. You want to hit it left and with a little bit of a cut. I pull my driver
left, like a dead pull, but it probably went like 260, and it's in the rough.
I get up there. It's a perfect lie. I hit a six iron, pin high, 30 feet, unreal shot. The other
two guys, Tibbetts is like 145 out, sitting middle of the fairway. The other guy hit it right,
but I was far away because I pulled it left. I'm like, dog, you got to hit the fade. I tell you
guys, you got to hit a fade when the shot, when the hole calls for it. So I do the opposite,
but I hit a great shot to putt park, get out of there. It actually ended up being the
hardest playing hole that day. So who gained a shot on the field there from a tough spot.
Now here we go, right? Okay. I am now two over par on the 14th tee. This is good golf. You're playing good golf right now, and you've got a par five coming up.
But 14 is a 225-yard par three, and it just looked long.
It looked like I was just like in my head.
I just got a bad thought on the tee.
I'm like, you've got to hit a good shot here.
Get out of this hole with a bogey.
That's what I was thinking, and I'll go into how much I learned.
I was thinking the wrong things.
I hit it in the bunker. My bunker game's been the best ever, right? I'm in the green side
bunker with the perfect uphill lie and plenty of green to work with. I'm hitting this thing to two
feet. I blade it over the green into another bunker. What the, are you kidding me? Well,
how does that pop up out of nowhere? You're as confident as all hell, and you've been doing it all day.
I guess you put yourself in shit situations that often.
You're not going to be able to pull it off every time.
I get over to the next bunker.
I got to take a drop because it's in a horrible lie,
and we're doing drops at Masked Golf in bunkers because there's no rakes allowed.
So you're allowed to pick it up if you don't like your lie,
but you almost don't want to have that problem because you have to drop it from your knee,
and they were just plugging.
So you didn't want to take a drop, but I drop it.
It's not too bad.
I hit on the green.
I missed the putt.
Double.
Fucking four over.
What an idiot.
Five next.
Stay positive.
I go, you're going to make birdie.
Said it to myself.
Make a birdie here.
I pipe driver.
I then lay up because it was like 255 out.
Green was tight.
I lay up to 100 yards.
I stick it to five feet. I make it. Great lay up to 100 yards. I stick it to five feet.
I make it.
Great bounce back.
Three over.
16th hole.
Par four.
I hit it up there right in the middle of the  no, a little bit in the rough,
but hit a night in the middle of the green.
Tough uphill putt.
Par.
Get out of there.
I go to 17, 490, par four, playing into the wind.
I stripe driver.
The kid Tibbetts stripes driver.
We're four feet from each other.
He goes first. He hits four iron to about 35 feet front of the green, but like a great shot.
I do the exact same thing. I end up literally right next to his ball, just a little in front,
just as my drive was like one foot enough where he's going to be putting first. He hits a putt
exactly where I'm going to be putting from. And I'm thinking he just left this thing like 15 feet short.
It goes and goes and goes.
It was like downhill.
He somehow saw it.
I would have hit this putt 20 feet past.
I was lucky enough to see it.
I nestled it up to like an inch.
It was a great two-putt after watching him.
18th hole, I'm like, let's birdie it.
I pipe driver down the middle, 430.
I have 140 in.
Should have hit a nine iron 80.
Like on five, I try hitting a pitching wedge.
It spins a little back to like 30 feet.
I should have been inside 15 feet on that shot.
Two putt, get out of there.
Three over 74.
Good round.
You're in the hunt.
Well, I get to Catanta the next day.
Now, you got to look at Catanta.
Now, Biz, do you have any questions?
I feel this is long right now.
So I don't know what you want me to say.
I'm just shocked at how many bunker shots you had to hit.
Like I would have quit by hole 10 if I had to hit that many bunker shots.
It was so stressful.
How many bunker shots?
10?
I didn't even count them.
But it makes sense that it was stressful enough that I kept pulling them off.
Like, dude, you can't keep putting yourself in these positions.
So the next day, Catanta.
Look up Catanta, guys.
Marion, Massachusetts, the Catanta Club.
You're going to see one of the most beautiful courses ever.
It's in Marion.
It's like a peninsula almost, and it's right on the ocean.
You're right across from Cape Cod.
You can see Falmouth, and it's just an awesome spot.
Check it out.
So a beautiful place to play golf, tough golf course.
The first five holes, first six holes are very tough.
Let's get through it, Whit.
We think at this point that like five or six overs are going to be match play.
So I've got to play one or two over golf today.
All the time, the whole round, the second round, I'm like, what's the cut at?
All right, I'm at the cut.
I'm at the cut.
What a stupid mentality.
Go out and try to play a low round. I'm learning, though, folks.out? All right, I'm at the cut. I'm at the cut. What a stupid mentality. Go out and try to play a low round. I'm learning though, folks. I'm
learning. And I learned, I witnessed, I witnessed something. So the first hole, I make the most
unbelievable bunker shot. I hit a nice drive. It's like 460 into the wind. I hit an awful second
shot. I'm a 30 yard bunker shot. I hit it to 10 feet. Unreal play. And I can it. Oh, what a start.
You got through one with a par, but this bunker game, keep testing it, dude.
But awesome.
Awesome par.
I get up.
You can't have spectators this year at the event because of COVID.
There's two guys or two kids or maybe a man and his son went great up and down.
They're actually on the public road.
They knew when I was teeing off and they went to watch me play the first
read and then the second hole, second tee ball.
Great people.
I stand over the second tee ball as confident as ever.
I'm going to pipe one.
The horn goes off, lightning.
No, I'm feeling good.
Come on.
I don't know.
It's beautiful out right now.
You look behind, the storms are coming, whatever.
We go in, three-hour delay, dude.
Three-hour delay.
You're sitting around. You're like, oh my god. I got
to go to 2T. 2 is a really tough hole.
I got to go back to 2T.
I go back there after this three-hour
delay with a little warm-up. Quick one.
Like 10 minutes we had.
I stripe driver. I then
hit an absolute bullet
six iron at this flag. It's 175. I think it was playing
185, six iron. Lands about a foot, rolls to 10 feet. What a shot on this hole. I miss it. Would
have been such a big fucking birdie if I'd birdied that hole. I would have gained like two shots on
the field. I get to three. You'll see the third hole on Catansec Google Images. It's a legit island green.
It's all sand around it, including the beach being the right side.
I hit this perfect shot.
It looks like it's going right into the green, taking the wind off the ocean.
It lands just short in the bunker.
I'm like, oh, my God.
Well, you know what?
You've been money out of the bunkers.
I hit this bunker shot to five feet and make it.
Unreal.
Let's go.
Get out of here.
Even through three.
Four, I make a stupid bogey. Bad approach shot. Tough hole. Bad approach shot bogey. Now one over for the day. Five, I pipe
driver. Pins front left. Tough hole. I got 150 in. I pull it short left. I leave myself short
sided. I have to chip up to six feet. I miss it. Stupid Ryan. Just hit it to the right
with all the old rumors. You know, two over for the day, five over for the attorney. The next
hole, I pull it left. Okay. I hit a nice shot though. And I got one 85 to this pin. It's in
the back. I gun the front. It's one 69 love. And I am like seven iron. That's probably going down
window. This could be a jumper. It could go 75.
Oh, that's fine.
It'll land and roll up.
Nope.
It lands pin high because I smoked this seven iron off a jumper lie.
Lands pin high and rolls long over the green.
Jail.
I'm like, God damn it, dude.
What are you doing?
Just hit an eight iron.
Be front of the green.
So dumb.
And I get up to this chip and I hit it perfect.
The only shot I had was hitting
it into the hill and then having it bounce over and release down the hill. And I did it to five
feet, five feet above the hole. Like doesn't sound great. And it was moving right to left,
but it was an unreal shot for the circumstances. I go to putt it horn again. No, I said, no,
I said to the rules official, I said right behind there, I said,
sir, can I finish playing the hole?
He said, no, if it's a darkness horn and play is done,
you can finish the hole you're playing,
but if it's a lightning horn, which that was,
you cannot make another shot.
I go in.
Please let this be a short delay.
My body, man, I take a lot for me to get going dude
i got so many injuries i'm fucking 100 years old so i go back dude hour and 40 minute delay
and i'm the whole time thinking i'm going back in my first shot to five foot downhill slider to save
par to not be three over with three bogeys in a row yep fucking 99 minutes later i go back
out there i missed the putt oh such a joke next hole par five pound driver hit five wood right
to front of the green easy little chip birdie leave the chip six feet short miss it actually
hit a decent chip maybe 10 feet short miss it awful awful miss again to not make birdie there
i get to the next hole par three. I hit an unreal 190
yard six iron, 25 feet pin high. I put it down there, tap and par. It would have been nice to
make it. I almost did make it. Ninth hole. Let's go around. You need a birdie here. Ninth hole,
I pound driver, tight little fairways. It gets to about 300 yards right to the end of the fairway.
I have 101 yards in from the dead middle of the end of the fairway. I hit it to 15 feet right of the pin.
Let's make this for a 37, two over on the front.
You're in this tournament.
All I wanted to be was in the hunt on the back nine of the Tuesday
to get in a match play, and I did that.
You know why?
Because I rolled the putt in.
Birdie.
Boom.
Big time.
Let's go to 10th hole.
10th hole.
Keep the momentum going.
I hit a drive.
It actually goes a little right.
Rolls what looks like into the hazard. There's a red line in there, but it's actually in the hazard,
but it's completely fine. Got lucky. Just like a foot off the rough, but fine. 105 yards. Hit it
to like 10 feet beneath the hole. Great shot. Miss it. Short. Dead center of the cup. Miss it.
Short. The next hole is a par four it's 225 yards i'm so mad i
just missed that putt i'm also like this is the hardest hole in the course the part it's a par
three you can't even see it there's a huge cross bunker and long you can't see the green i pull a
four iron left it's left of the bunker left of the green i chip it over i make sure you can make a
good bogey but god it's just like whatever it we go, guys. I'm now three over for the day, six over for the tournament. I think the number is five over. Okay.
I think the number is five, maybe six over. If I play even or one under golf and I'm in match
in my mind and it's, and it's, and I got seven holes left. Let's go. I'm so confident over this tee ball. It's a long par four dogleg left 440.
I hook it into the woods.
I hook it into the goddamn woods, Mikey.
I saw your face.
And I'm shocked.
I'm just like, what are you doing?
I get up there.
I have to drop.
It's actually a red hazard.
I probably hit it like 220 yards.
I'm 238 out. There's bunk it like 220 yards. I'm 238 out.
There's bunkers like 220 out.
What do I do?
Instead of hitting my third shot,
like 150 yards short and then hitting my fifth and try,
or then hitting my fourth onto the green and trying to make a bogey the
hard way.
I hit a three wood,
220 yards,
get into the right woods.
Like,
why didn't you like,
it was like,
I,
it was like, I panicked.
It was like I just lost the tournament.
Instead of thinking you have two par fives left,
why wouldn't you just try to get out of here with the best score possible? I'm like, no, I got to hit the miraculous shot.
So stupid.
I make triple, guys.
I chip it.
It chips out of the woods.
I then hit my fourth shot short of the green.
I chip the fifth shot short of the pin, seven feet.
I missed it for a six, seven.
That's a meltdown.
There's the tourney, boys.
It's a meltdown.
There's the tourney.
It's a meltdown.
And I learned a lot about myself because I said, you know what?
You're out of this tournament.
The next hole, I hit it to like 10 feet on a par three and i three putted it i was that like done i fucking three putted from 10 feet and you know
what i said then at least you didn't hit it in a bunker i said you asshole i said you asshole
you're nine over par now that's an 80 you're not you're you're 74 yes so you're gonna have a good
you're not you're breaking 80 today, you piece of shit.
I got a par 5.
I make a great par.
I'm now challenging myself.
You're breaking 80.
I got a par 4 after that 16.
I blow the drive right into the long grass.
I have to hack it out short of the green.
I chip it up.
I miss an 8-footer for par.
I'm now 10 over.
I'm going to shoot 81.
It's a par 71 after 74 in the hunt.
81, you pussy.
Make two
birdies. Well, I stripe a
317. I hit it to 10 feet,
and I fucking make it. There's one.
Birdie 18 and shoot 79, you
piece of shit. I do it.
I go out and I pound driver on the 18th
hole. I hit a 6 iron, a little short right.
I chip it up, and I make the putt.
I actually hit it out of a bunker. I hit it in the bunker in two, and I got up and down from a par 5, a little short right. I chip it up, and I make the putt. I actually hit it out of a bunker.
I hit it in the bunker in two, and I got up and down from a par five bunker
to make Burry shoot 79.
And so you know what?
It was a failure.
I didn't get into match play, but I was better than last year.
I'm already moving on and moving forward.
And I think that in a time when you're like, I'm disappointed
because I think my game's good enough to get there, I learned a lot.
I learned a lot. I learned a lot.
Because that kid Tibbetts I'm talking about, with seven holes left,
he was seven over.
He was one behind me.
And he goes, I'm going to birdie both par fives,
and I'm going to sprinkle two more birdies in.
I'm going to get in there.
And he went out, and he birdied the next hole,
and he birdied the hole after that.
And then he got up and down from a plug line, a bunker,
and then he hit the stick on the par three.
It literally hit the stick.
It should have been a hole and bounced in, and then he birdied 16,
and then he birdied 18.
What?
I watched him tell me, this kid, Kyle Tibbetts, an absolute display.
I got to respect the hell out of my buddy.
I got to witness it, and I learned what it takes.
He just took over this fucking tournament.
And then he got into match play, and he won his first match.
He lost his afternoon, but hell of a run.
And he goes, he said, I'm birdie in both par fives,
and I'm going to sprinkle in two more, and I'm getting in this fucking thing.
And I watched him do it, and then I saw that's what it takes, dude.
That's what I need to get.
That's the mentality.
I was sitting on six over.
Play even par.
You're going to get in.
No, go out and fucking take it.
And I witnessed it.
So there's golf talk.
And on to the New England M this week.
It's a four-round event, guys.
I got to make the cut after two.
But long day, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, next week.
And I learned more because I improved and I learned to see what it takes to get to the next level in this crazy sport that we all love, golf.
Supreme Golf.
Thank you very much for anyone who's still listening.
And actually, the amount of people that are talking to me, I think there's thousands of you out there still listening.
Because golf talk is just, it's like porn.
Well, you're a hell of a raconteur as well, Witt.
So you take a story that might not be good in someone else's hands and you spin a hell of a rack on tour as well, Witt. So you take a story that might not be good in someone else's hands
and you spin a hell of a young out of it.
You might have said bunker more than Jordan Tutu said fuck
in his interview with us.
My short game was pretty legit.
But I missed a lot of the putts I'm talking about,
these good bunker shots.
So it actually is just onward and upwards, boys, onward and upwards.
Well, you mentioned it.
To the fans that are still listening, we thank you.
Witt, unbelievable.
Very disappointed you didn't make it,
but the fact that you're learning and you're growing is everything I need to know.
And I've gotten the golf itch as well, so maybe I'll be telling golf for a reason.
I can't wait.
We've never been more ready for sandbaggers right now.
Well,
you have never been more ready.
All right.
All right.
Well,
everyone,
thank you so much.
We're back.
I mean,
we got,
we got the previews.
We got the previews coming up in these next two episodes.
And then we're back to two a week and we got action every single episode and
every single night to even be chatting about online.
So we appreciate all you listeners and we are finally going to get to talk
some hockey again and golf suck on that.
Absolutely.
Have a great weekend,
everybody.
And we'll see you next week.
As always,
we want to give a big thanks to our tremendous sponsors here on spitting
chiclets.
Big thanks as always to our friends at new Amsterdam and pink Whitney.
Big thanks to everybody over at Raycon loving those new wireless earbuds. Big thanks to everybody over at Raycon, loving those new wireless earbuds.
Big thanks to Supreme Golf.
So far, so good with Whit Dog and his stories.
Big thanks to Dude Wipes for taking us here up on the sticky northeast.
And a big thanks to Earnest.
Need to refinance those loans?
Check out earnest.com.
Have a great weekend, y'all.
Don't worry about a thing Have a great weekend, y'all. Cause every little thing's gonna be alright Rise up this morning
Smile with the rising sun
Three little birds
To be by my doorstep
Singing sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true
Singing Thank you.
