Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 280 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney
from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, gentlemen?
We are getting closer and closer.
I'm getting super excited.
My optimism is jumping up.
But let's say hi to the boys first, like we always do.
Producer Mikey Granelli got some serious flow going during this pandemic.
Yeah, guys, the hair's getting long.
But, you know, I know it's an old storyline.
Had a really bad run- in with some mice this weekend.
Said enough's enough on Monday.
Went out, just got myself a new apartment.
It's got a rooftop pool.
A rooftop pool's good.
Holy fuck.
What are we paying you?
Wow.
Buddy, where are you getting this dough from?
Is Blade Gang actually bringing in a bunch of money?
It's a global thing.
Hey, by the way, shout out Blade Gang.
What's up, guys?
How you guys doing?
Great to talk to you.
Whit here.
Mikey said he's going to get me rollerblades because I was going to join the Blade Gang.
And what came in the mail was a fresh pair of Bauer ice hockey skates.
I don't think Bauer knows.
I don't go on the ice anymore.
My ice days are done.
So I really appreciate the look.
And there's like a spit and chicklets
logo in the blade it's one of the sickest things i i think i i think we have to give them away to
somebody i mean because i'm not gonna wear them and you got these fresh they might even say witty
on them but i go on i i i ramble it's it's great to see you guys do pink whitney bottles they're
like the forrest gump of social media everywhere you looked is like a random bottle popping up everywhere yeah and let me tell you there's
been people i've had people like oh you're you're the guy like and the look on their face you know
it's like a a picture speaks what is it a picture says a thousand words a thousand words you know
they're like you're you're pink whitney kind of like oh man i was thinking it was some big
they look at you like fudge kid the way fudge kids they just look at you like oh man this dude
has his own drink it says like i think it might say like legend or something on there that's just
ridiculous maybe that's the lcbo website and then they see me it's just you know you could see a
sense of disappointment occasionally but you got to be honest.
I mean, it's a little shocking for sometimes, I think,
when people, you know, run into me and I'm the drink guy.
I got to admit it.
Speaking of legends, our boy, Paul, Biz Nasty, Biz Sanet.
How we doing, buddy?
How do you deal with that desert heat, man?
I don't know how people live in the southwest of Florida in the summer.
It's brutal.
I'm miserable right
now i mean the other night it was below 100 so i got to go for a walk and uh it's yeah it's not
good um it's a hundred degrees at like nighttime yeah it's like the pavement just radiates the heat
that it collects during the day it's 115 but hey but you said it. The positive train, choo-choo. Boys, we're headed towards the bubbles here.
These players are a week away.
By the time this drops, the Coyotes will be playing an exhibition game
against that other scumbag team from the desert, the Golden Knights,
in an exhibition game.
And then the week after that is when the real action kicks in.
Coyotes are playing the Preds.
We've got the Wilds against the Canucks, the Jets against the Flames,
the Hawks against the Oilers.
And speaking of the Hawks, R.A., I'll let you tee them up
for one of the interviews we got today.
We have a beauty on today, as the kids like to say.
Andrew Shaw joined us.
Awesome interview.
We haven't had one of these for a while.
All three of us were laughing our balls off.
And we also have Paul Rabel.
He's the founder of the Premier Lacrosse League.
Great guy, dude.
Him and his brother founded this league.
They weren't happy with the way Major League Lacrosse was run.
They have this sort of bondstorming thing they're doing.
He explains it.
We'll be bringing him on a little later.
So we've got a pretty good show for you today.
Shazi was awesome.
Of course, he will not be playing in the upcoming play-in against the Oilers.
That is not because of the COVID situation.
He sustained a concussion in, I believe, February,
and it's still kind of affecting him.
I mentioned the Western Conference teams.
Today we'll be breaking down the Eastern Conference matchups
for the play-in.
I'm very excited, and I'll throw it back over to you, R.A.
Can I say something?
Yeah, of course.
Sure, sure.
It's just a little  well, not off topic, but when I hear bubbles,
like you're going to the bubbles at NHL, NBA,
if you played hockey and you're born between the years 1976 and maybe 1989,
and you don't hear the word bubble and think of the jofa bubble cage you could
wear maybe it was just a boston thing but i don't think so because i think paul korea rocked one in
college the jofa bubble the all-time best mask ever to exist to wear with a hockey helmet so
that's what i think of when i think of bubble i had to get that off my chest i think of usa
versus russia uh from bubble hockey oh by the way that off my chest. I think of USA versus Russia from bubble hockey.
Oh, by the way, that I beat Bison down at Lower East Side.
Oh, fuck.
Dude, puck possession-wise, I don't think R.A. touched it the whole game,
and I scored a goal.
Who cares?
He beat you.
All right.
You sound like a fucking horsey nerd.
Like, ah, they had the puck all game.
Oh, yeah, they lost 2-0.
Well, there's potential that I am heading to Boston during the playoffs.
So I want to rematch against you,
and we'll be doing like our own little bubble house.
So I'm excited for that.
I'll be heading into my own little hub city.
Yeah.
Oh, nope.
Love the pun there, your own hub city.
It's going to be wild, man.
I absolutely can't wait to have Biz and Selby there in the playoffs.
We're going to have a lot of fun. of course we got some notes letters from camp as i
wrote in our email rogers uh rogers place in edmonton they had some damage they had a big
storm up there last week uh flooding coming through the wall uh floor the roof was damaged
but they said that's going to be fixed it's not going to affect anything everybody thought the
sky was falling quite little quite literally but uh everything's going to be fine the oilers
entertainment group said they do not foresee any significant delays
or barriers to hosting, so hopefully everything will be fine.
Shea Weber, did you guys catch that clip?
Oh, Jesus.
I mean, I don't think he  I mean, he looked like he held up a little.
I don't know if the guy, the goalie was crouched down, but he caught
I think he's like the number four goalie, Mike McNiven's mask.
He cut him.
He didn't get concussed.
He ended up taking 10 stitches.
But, boy, that's a tough one to take in practice, eh?
Weber ball, three-quarters of a clapper right there.
And I think he even decelerated on the way down.
And that  it got right through, snipped him up.
But some people were saying,
oh, you can't be shooting like that in practice.
He's getting ready for  he's getting ready for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
I don't think he's laying up at all.
So he's ready to win some hockey games.
Did you actually see somebody say that?
Or are you saying, like, you're just guessing people are saying that?
No, I was reading online.
They were saying, yeah, you should be shooting high in practice.
Shut the fuck up.
That's a Weber bomb.
That's a Weber bomb.
That's tough right there to That's a Weber bomb. That's tough right there
to even listen to those people. You're getting ready.
I mean, by the way,
you want to talk about
goalies at risk for a Weber bomb?
I've said it a million times.
Penn are standing in front of the net with
Surrey ripping one time. At least the goalies have
masks on. You know, these guys
standing in front of these shots, trying to tip it.
Some of the biggest balls in the history of hockey, Thomas Holstrom, you know what that
guy just stood there just eating pucks.
So I understand completely why it looks bad, but I mean, that's hockey right there.
And that guy has such a cannon and he probably did like lay off of it a little bit.
He's like, oh man, I could kill this guy.
And just at the last minute, maybe it takes like 6 off. Yeah. Definitely wasn't the full mustard on that one either, but still, still a little bit. He's like, oh, man, I could kill this guy. And just at the last minute, just maybe takes like 6 off.
Yeah, definitely wasn't the full mustard on that one either,
but still a hard shot.
Not like you're muffing whip.
Dude, let me tell you something.
I got pucks through, and it doesn't matter all the time how hard it is.
If you just get it maybe 21 inches off the ice with a little mustard those are typical
shots rebound shots and they occasionally find the lane with a good net front presence as i'm
talking about thomas holmstrom and they can find the back of that so you can fuck off talking about
my speed and you can look up a goal i scored in edmonton against the sharks I think it was four on four, three on three maybe. I came down the wing. Look at this goal.
Top right, rocket, bar down.
Grinnelli, you know what I'm talking about.
So you could talk about my muffin biz.
You couldn't even stick handle.
You couldn't flick the puck in the zone correctly.
Don't come at my speed.
All right.
All right.
Fair enough.
I want to see that clip, by the way, Grinnell.
Oh, Grinnelli, it's a rocket tuck. I think to see that clip, by the way, Grinnell. Oh, Grinnell, he hits a rocket tuck.
I think Chris Cuthbert's doing the game.
He's like, oh, he might have swore.
He might have swore.
R.A., I don't know if you've been watching other wit clips online,
but the one that's been popping up recently is the one when he got walked
by Yager coming out of the corner.
No shame in that, though.
Oh, my goodness.
Let's talk about that let's talk about
how many people how many rick from red deers yelling at you uh between intermission coming
off there that was ot oh you know what's really funny i wonder if any guys who've ever been
completely at fault in terms of losing a game in OT regulation, NHL hockey we're talking here.
I wonder if they would agree with me in that I really justified it
immediately to myself saying we still got a point.
That's such a wit.
And I'm not even kidding.
I'm like, hey, we grabbed a point.
It's not like we just lost a playoff game right there,
but people were not happy.
Hey, did you have an assist that night?
I don't know. I don't think so. That was in the middle
of the big time struggles. That's the
time I went in
and I sat next to Hork,
Sean Horkoff, the captain.
I said, Hork, how did
that look? Did it look as bad as
it felt? And he goes, it
looked so bad,
with a look on his face the look i'm talking about when
you see i'm the pink whitney creator so all right i mean it was a tough night it was a tough night
nice callback between fudge kid jogger and the people looking at you about the pink whitney it's
a tough go which greatest hits for us 10 minutes here uh some other big guys coming at me some
other big names involved with camp news too too. Crosby was out.
He left the Saturday scrimmage, and Emily Kaplan at ESPN said
it wasn't believed to be serious, and then he did return to the ice Wednesday
to skate before practice.
They don't seem overly concerned.
Tuka Rask, he broke a finger doing box jumps a few weeks back.
He's expected to be fine, and that's precisely why I avoid box jumps
because I don't want to break my finger.
So he should be fine. Obviously, if they have any issues they got Halak in the backup role
but doesn't seem like they're concerned also with the Bruins they've had an issue with David
Pasternak and uh Andre Kache uh both unfit Pasternak's agent said he tested negative but
they were seen in different ranks you know out running around whatever so they had possible
secondary exposure.
Cam Neely said today, Wednesday, his best guess is Pasta and Akankashe won't be practicing with the team until they get to Toronto.
And the quote, in the long run, I don't think it's really going to affect us.
I think once we get to Toronto, we'll be fine.
So, you know, I don't know if there'll be like some issues with the rust
with these guys.
I mean, Pasta seems like the type of guy who can just go out there
and kind of turn it on like riding a bike.
Another name, Carter Hart.
Who's he?
Carter Hart.
He left practice, but former player turned media member Colby Cohen said
it was just back spasm.
Shouldn't be a real problem.
He should be back any day.
Columbus, Josh Anderson has been cleared to join the Columbus.
Oh, wow.
A man roster.
Yeah.
That's a big boost.
That guy was done.
He was done.
We all heard.
Another one, shoulder surgery back in March.
He is still rehabbing.
They don't know if he's going to be in the qualifying round,
but he's on the roster.
So if Columbus makes a run, I think we'll see him after mulling it over.
Hold on.
All right, hold on.
Well, that's kind of a Tarasenko situation.
Didn't he hurt his shoulder as well, and he's going to be able to play?
Yep, he's coming back so yeah the thing is biz it's it you got to feel so confident and comfortable i don't know if
we're going to see him right away right maybe we will because at that point it's been long enough
but to hop right back into these games coming off major surgery you know you're you're thinking the
whole time you're rehabbing i'm gonna have to have the summer, I'm going to have training camp, I'm going to have a lot of ice time leading up.
And now they're hopping right into the fire.
So as much as a great addition both of them are,
it'll still be a little different, at least the beginning for them.
Yeah.
Unfit to participate is like the new term being used, right?
I see it in every other tweet now.
Unfit me.
They didn't have that term when we played.
Unfit me.
Unfit me to participate.
If we can get T-shirts unfit me to participate,
I think we could make a bunch of money.
Yeah, I'll buy one.
After mulling it over for about a week,
Max Domi decided he is going to play with the Canadians.
Of course, he has diabetes.
They gave him a little extra time to mull it over,
and he is going to play. That's obviously a big addition to the Canadians. Of course, he has diabetes. He was, you know, they gave him a little extra time to mull it over, and he is going to play. That's obviously
a big addition to
the Canadians, him coming back. And I saw a quote
from Don Fair. We're talking about all these injuries and
you know, people kind of whining about we don't know what
it is. And he said, quote, essentially
in this country, what we believe is that certain
medical things are private unless somebody chooses
to make them public. That's difficult
to maintain in an industry like ours,
but you do the best you can across the board.
Somebody's saying they have to know right now, legally,
they probably don't.
I thought that was a pretty good point to make.
Like, you know, basically it's none of your business.
It's a private industry.
If someone wants to tell you why they're out, they can.
We've talked about it before,
but I just thought it was a quote where it's sharing business.
Some fans are so horned up to figure out why guys aren't, aren't, aren't,
you know, practicing or in the lineup and going back to Max Domi, Some fans are so horned up to figure out why guys aren't practicing
or in the lineup.
And going back to Max Domi, that was their team's third highest point guy
for the Canadians.
And I know we're going to get to the breakdowns of the Eastern Conference,
but that's a big boost, and especially with what's going on with Penguin Land
with all these guys sitting out and secondary exposure, yada, yada, yada.
Hey, who knows?
All of a sudden we've got a series there on our hands. Absolutely. And, of course, theada, yada, yada. Hey, who knows? All of a sudden we got a series there on our hands.
Absolutely.
And of course the TV schedule finally dropped.
So we know what we're going to be watching where that's going to get us even
more excited before the season.
But before that,
we're going to get some sick lacrosse action thanks to the premier lacrosse
league championship series.
That starts this Saturday, July 25th at 4 PM on NBC.
When the Redwoods take on the champion Whipsnakes.
Cool name.
We're getting 20 total games in two weeks all on NBC and NBC Sports.
The PLL is also introducing gambling lines so they know the way to my heart.
Like I said, we talked to Paul Rabel.
We're going to be discussing all this stuff later.
Of course, the Waterdogs, partially owned by our pals Big Cat and PFT,
who helped name them.
That's their first game against the Atlas,
which is the team Paul plays for.
He's one of the titans of the sport.
He'll be, like I said, joining us in a bit.
He plays for the Atlas, has Bill Belichick among his friends,
and the championship game is going to air on August 9th on NBC at 4 p.m.
So, we've said it.
Sports are back.
Lacrosse is back.
Saturday, 4 p.m., NBC.
Check it out, the PLL Championship Series.
It's good stuff.
I'm looking forward to checking it out.
I've acknowledged I'm not a big lacrosse guy from growing up when I did,
but I'm definitely going to check this out.
And with my connection with the Vancouver Warriors
and how I've been gaining more interest in lacrosse,
I'll actually be hopping on that NBC feed a couple times
in the midst of that tournament.
So I'm excited.
They're going to be celebrating with pink whitney for the championship match the winner gets a big uh a couple cases in the
locker room they can they can celebrate with that so uh check it out it's a very interesting
interview guys he goes into depth about how him and his brother created this league and you know
there's a lot of work that went on went in behind the scenes and how to revamp a sport and give it the notoriety that it deserves.
One thing you guys don't know about me is I was actually recruited
to play college lacrosse.
Oh, I want to see a recruiting letter.
Show me a letter.
Time out.
Went to college to play lacrosse.
Went to Plymouth State.
That's why I went there.
Quit on the first day.
Quit on day one.
Then they saw his wrists and they're
like, uh, no, this
guy, this guy's unfit. Need to
play. They're like Bobby Boucher, dude.
Water boy. So wait a minute.
Why would you
quit the first day if you went there to
play? Because
so at the end of practice, first
off, it was a joke. Division three.
It was brutal. It was raining. All a joke. Division III, it was brutal.
It was raining.
All my friends were day drinking.
It was raining.
At the end of practice, everyone was stretching,
and at the end of the stretch, they count to 10 and they clap.
Well, I didn't clap at the end of my 10,
and I actually was wearing number 69.
They gave me number 69, and he goes, hey, 69, why didn't you clap?
I'm like, I don't know.
So they made me do a solo lap around the whole field.
Why didn't you do the clap, though?
The whole team's doing the clap.
Dude, I'm not clapping.
I'm not a cheerleader.
I was there to play lacrosse.
Oh, my God.
Grinnelli being a hard-o with the coach,
and then he's mad about doing one lap?
Yeah, Plymouth State.
Wow.
Man, Grinnell State. Wow. Dang. Jesus.
Tough story.
Tough story letting everyone know you're Twitter.
I don't know if that sounded different in your head than you said it, man.
I showed them.
I have no shame.
Apparently.
We got some  I don't know if this is probably more of a confirmation,
but John Shannon, media guy up in Canada,
he said there's going to be a five-second TV delay in the world feed
to monitor players' language.
And I think a lot of people are fucking upset about that.
I think one of the things we're looking forward to is hearing, you know,
all these swears that we're going to hear and shit talking.
But I don't know.
They're going to delay it.
I don't know who's going to be on that, how that's going to work.
But I don't know.
We've long said we prefer swears.
You were pissed, Witt, when you heard that there was that delay
because of the potential swearing.
I mean, I just
I actually wasn't pissed.
I just had an amazing play on words tweet.
Yeah.
Well, that  I just think it's getting so PC.
I guess that's where it's all
They have to.
They have to, though.
They have to have a delay, dude.
Okay.
I mean, I don't know.
You're going to hold guys to the current, today's standard,
in terms of what you can and can't say in the heat of battle?
I mean, that's not very fair.
Fuck.
I think it was.
Sorry, go ahead.
No, I'm just thinking get rid of some stuff that maybe sometimes is said.
I don't know.
I mean, I don't think anything's going to shock anyone. But but still i mean you you have a delay in there just to protect some people
i think this isn't the same as bryce and dechambeau wanting his represent his image
protected so speaking to him his caddy was cock blocking the camera in the last tournament because
he shot a 20 on one hole or something right did you see you see that wit? I know a lot about doing that.
I did see that.
Yeah.
I mean,
that's just protection of your player.
You can't hate the caddy.
All right.
Yeah.
I think it was Wyshynski who tweeted out saying that basically get ready
for three minutes of like a muted celebration when they,
when they won the cup.
Cause I,
I didn't actually,
cause I was at the game.
I didn't see the blues celebration.
I hear it until recently.
Like how many times you can actually hear them streaming.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Cause that's what they all say.
Fucking a, when they, and Because that's what they all say, fucking A!
And I didn't realize that NBC captured it. It was like 15 fucks they captured.
But I thought, you know, it's like, who cares?
Kids hear fucking everything nowadays. I think it
adds to it, you know, especially a point like that.
The peak of their career and you want to
fucking mute it? Fuck that.
After the longest review
ever, the New York
Ranger Brendan Lemieux got a two-game suspension
for late interference on colorado's uh yonas donsky so he's gonna miss the first two games
of the qualifier versus carolina of course we will be getting to that like you said
busy a little don skoy donkey i think they call him donkey that's a good nickname no i think you
said don ski right it's don skoy I thought I said Donskoy.
Maybe I don't know.
Oh, did you?
Yeah.
I like you correcting my language.
You asked the right boy.
Waxing ears.
We did mention, you know, our positivity.
They had just two positive tests out of 2,618,
given to more than 800 players.
Per Ryan Richard, he said NHL players need three negative tests
spaced 48 hours apart in the seven days prior to travel to Canada.
Any positive tests after Wednesday or Thursday this week,
which is when we're recording today and tomorrow we drop,
they won't hit that mark.
So that's good news.
I mean, that many tests you only have two positive.
It seems like these guys, for the most part,
did what they needed to do to make this happen.
So it's encouraging.
Also,
as you send me that story from Joe Smith,
the athletic NHL teams,
they're actually sending over audio and video to the bubble cities.
They're trying to capture some semblance of that whole mice advantage.
Nashville has anthems coming from like country singers.
They're going to replicate the cannon from Columbus.
Tampa is going to send their anthem singer.
Do you guys played?
I mean,
is that going to really have that much of an effect if you're not in the building, but it's on the jumbotron, what's that going to send their anthem singer. You guys played. I mean, is that going to really have that much of an effect
if you're not in the building, but it's on the jumbotron?
What's that going to be like?
Wynn, I'll let you go.
You spent more time looking at the jumbotron than I did.
I was in the action.
I'll say, who are some of the best game ops in the league?
I'll definitely say Washington.
And when we had Tom Green on, we actually didn't even talk about his
Unleash the Fury.
You remember playing in Washington when they would play that
on the Jumbotron wit?
Yeah, I remember Washington.
But I remember that goddamn horn when they score.
I hate that thing.
And so it kind of ruined the experience for me
because I always seem to be hearing it quite often when I played there.
I mean, I don't know.
It's a little familiar.
I don't think it makes a difference.
I will say I've seen the baseball, how they're pumping in the fake crowd noise.
It's so bad.
I think you need to just play the actual audio of the guys on the bench
or in the baseball's case, the dugout and the guy rounding the bases.
I don't know if they're wearing mics.
But they got to have mics where just play the reactions.
You got the five-second delays.
It's not all going to be swears.
I mean, the fake crowd noise.
Check out this baseball.
It's like you see zero fans, the ball going flying into the bleachers,
and then you just hear like faked in audio like it's a summer night.
It's bizarro world.
Yeah, Major League Baseball has been a fucking absolute disaster.
I mean, the NHL has probably been the best at handling this.
The NBA has done a good job, too.
The two leagues that are going to start up.
But baseball has just shoot themselves in the foot. foot they got so many shithead owners they
got a commissioner who doesn't seem to know what he's doing i mean i don't know these guys don't
seem too happy as well uh speaking of nba do you guys hear about this guy who broke the bubble
protocol to go out and get some chicken wings he broke the protocol From which place did it say? I think they were lemon pepper wings.
So, I mean, they did sound delicious.
And, you know, I'd consider breaking the bubble rules.
But, I mean, come on.
I don't know what the punishment's going to be or if they've laid one on him.
But, I mean, come on, dude.
Do you think that those NBA guys are
it must have changed those lunchbox
meals they were getting, right?
Are these guys eating like that
right now? No, that was just one
meal one guy had.
I think it might have been a lunch thing or whatever. They're
eating pretty good. They got some good contracts.
They got Lunchables.
Uncrustables, the best
snack in the world. Frozen or
room temp.
Dunkaroos.
I'll tell you, though, I had the exhibition game on earlier.
I actually looked for a live line on it when I was working earlier,
but I couldn't find one.
Degenerate.
It looked good, man.
Like, you know, considering they're playing in a fucking conference room in Disney World, the product looked pretty good.
I mean, all you need is the court.
You get the gym out there with a couple of vets.
I mean, you could play all basketball anyway.
So, so far, I mean, whatever.
First game, it was only training camp, but I'm
actually looking forward to the NBA, too.
They were going to get the pigs from the outdoor game
in Dallas to run around the concourse
during TV timeouts in
Edmonton, but they fucked up
the concourse with that big rain delay
or whatever the hell happened.
One thing we were excited about, Biz, is
they're going to let guys wear what they want. There's no
dress code.
I think it's great that players can have a little personality, show something.
A guy like Austin, a friend of the show, he wears some unique clothing.
I think a guy can go viral.
I hate saying that, but I think guys dressing up, it potentially can grow the game. I mean, if a guy wears something goofy and everyone posts on Instagram,
who is this guy?
It can create interest.
Well, Minnesota doesn't seem to be interested in that.
Our pal Mike Russo at The Athletic, he said that Wild veterans
pushed for some sort of dress code, so now the team is basically
going to dress like middle managers from fucking Home Depot
just because the veterans wanted it.
I'm curious, do you think that someone higher up,
one of the suits, went to the veterans and was like,
hey, we should rock and get a little uniform?
R.A. was so fired up about this online today like i couldn't have given two shits
i'd be rocking the weirdest thing to be outraged over ra hates golf shirts i think that's his sign
of of you telling you to shove the golf talk up your hoop no that's his way of doing it that's
it's like it's like a ricochet shot He was so mad at the fact that the Minnesota
Wild players would be wearing khakis and golf
shirts.
When you show up for a regular game,
it's 20 guys in 20 different suits.
There's no uniformity to that.
You could wear whatever suit you want.
I don't think there'll be a uniform
now. It's just like a dress code.
I'd be rocking the bull rat
fucking bikini.
Three boring college shirts and slacks. I don't know. now it's just like a dress code i'd be rocking the bull rat fucking bikini they're rotating
three boring college like college shirts and slacks like i don't know i just think it's just
like fucking who like the young guys on the team for you what the fuck dude i wanted to wear a
little zeppelin t-shirt and flip-flops for a 10-minute fucking bus ride that no one's gonna
see us now i gotta do fucking dry cleaning again that would be all right all right what would you
wear into the bubble what would you want to wear right now? What would be your fashion statement?
This 10-year-old T-shirt from the Winter Classic at Fenway
and these fucking gym shorts and flip flops.
That's not true.
You'd be wearing that stupid suit that you posted the picture about,
the leisure suit.
I wish that thing fucking fit me.
You could wear the new MBD merch we just shot.
Oh, for Christ's sake.
What would R.A. bring to the bubble biz?
He'd have three Rolling Stones
pairs of undies.
He'd have a Jimi Hendrix
and a
Kurt Cobain t-shirt
and then he'd have his Muppets toothbrush
that he all purchased
at Universal Studios or wherever.
That would be R.A.' or wherever. Oh, shit.
That would be R.A.'s bubble.
Yeah.
That's fair.
That's funny, man.
I tweeted one of the NBA players was talking about the Muppet movie
last night on Twitter.
The original movie.
They can't beat that.
Anyways, calling people a team classy because they're wearing khakis
and a collar, that's fucking hilarious.
That's in my comments when I tweet about it.
People are like, this ain't the NBA. Can you be classy? I'm like, it's fucking hilarious. That's like in my comments when I tweet about it. People are like, this ain't the NBA.
Can you be classy?
I'm like, it's fucking hilarious.
I will say this, though.
Parise playing under Lou Amarillo,
maybe considering they used to have a little bit of
I think they had to shave all the time, didn't they,
when they were in New Jersey, similar to the Yankees?
And they had to wear, I think, all black suits on the road with just a white shirt,
keep it nice and on the same page.
Maybe it's the leadership chiming in.
And keep in mind, Minnesota, they were elevated in their game.
I think they're all on the same page.
You look out for the khaki boys coming at you against the Canucks.
Khaki boys.
Might be their nickname.
Well, the players will be in the bubble soon,
but most of you are already in yours,
and everybody wants to be safe in their bubble,
and that's why SimpliSafe will help you do just that.
Here's the thing about home security companies.
Most trap you with high prices, tricky contracts,
and lousy customer support.
So while there are lots of options out there,
there's only one no-brainer, SimpliSafe.
SimpliSafe's got everything you need
to protect your home with none of the drawbacks of traditional home security. It's got an arsenal
of sensors and cameras to blanket every room, window, and door tailored specifically for your
home. Professional monitoring keeps watch day and night, ready to send police, fire, or medical
professionals if there's an emergency. You can set it up yourself in under an hour. Just peel
and stick the sensors exactly
where you need them. There's no technician required and there's no contract, no pushy
sales guys, no hidden fees, no fine print. All this starts at just 15 a month. I'm not the
only one who thinks Simply Safe is great. Grinnelli, you have it set up at your parents' house, right?
Yeah, my parents love it. They spy on my brothers. They do the whole nine yards. They love that
stuff. Thank God they didn't have one. I was a kid back in the day.
But U.S. News.
Well, you could have caught your neighbor whose dog was shitting on your lawn
if you had SimpliSafe.
Or stealing your packages if you live in the city.
But anyways, U.S. News and World Report
named it the best overall home security of 2020.
So try SimpliSafe today at simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E dot com slash chicklets.
You get free shipping and a 60-day risk-free trial.
There's nothing to lose.
That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
And, boys, before we send it over to Andrew Shaw,
Grinnelly just sent some big news coming over the wire.
Seattle team game coming Thursday at 9 a.m.
It's probably going to already drop by the time a lot of you listen to it.
Wow.
Wow.
We got to get our bets in on Sockeyes or something.
The bitch pigeons are being announced.
I cannot wait.
I'm buying a jersey.
Although there will be no name on the back because they don't have any
fucking players yet.
Yeah.
Seriously.
It's,
it's,
I don't know.
I can't wait to see the team they end up getting.
You've got to
think they're going to be competitive right away.
If they saw what Vegas got dealt, they're going
to say, hey, listen, we need to be set
up in a similar fashion. The only thing is
goaltending-wise. I don't know if you're going to be
able to get a Hall of Famer to start.
Boys, we already talked about this. The fact
that the cap is staying at the same number,
I think that they're going to clean house.
I think they're going to be just as good as the Golden Knights.
They'll be like a pigeon fucking picking off all the fucking French fries
from the other teams.
Bitch pigeons.
We just posted something about that pigeon lake in Ontario,
and everyone's fucking tagging me in it because they said tag someone
who swims here, those fuckers.
Anyway.
Twitter's been fucking like, hey, name four albums you listened to in high school.
It's like everyone's trying to go viral with the corny shit.
I'm like, oh, man, leave me alone.
Pandemics drive me crazy on fucking social media.
So you know what?
It's time for a break, Biz.
So I think we should send it over to the very entertaining Andrew Shaw right about now.
Love it.
I'd like to welcome our next guest.
He just finished up his ninth NHL
season, his sixth with the Blackhawks.
Known for his feisty playing style,
he's been a fan favorite in Chicago since
his debut in the 2012 season.
Oh, and he also won a pair of Stanley Cups
with the Blackhawks. Thank you for joining us.
Andrew Shaw, welcome to Spittin' Chicklets.
Thanks for having me, guys.
I'm excited. Awesome, awesome
having you. Hey, I know you had a shitty end to your season.
I know you had a concussion issue going on during the season.
How are you feeling these days, brother?
Feeling pretty good.
Doing what I need to do to get back to playing.
Eating well, taking my vitamins, and rehab whenever I can.
Missing it, though.
Missing the boys.
I feel bad not being there right now, but I've talked to them all.
They know I need to get better and be ready for next year,
so I'm excited for that.
When you say vitamins, that means something different for Biz.
So let's make sure that's vitamin D.
You know, it's a whole business.
Like, does someone say vitamins?
Well, the guy had a couple of cup celebrations.
I think he knows what all the vitamins are.
Yeah, we've had our fun over the years, that's for sure.
Oh, I love it.
Shazi, I was going to ask you.
So, obviously, the reason that you're not going to head to the bubble
with the Blackhawks to take on the Edmonton Oilers
is because of the concussion,
and it has nothing to do with the COVID situation? No, it's not only the concussion
that held me back. Doctors didn't think it was fair for me to have to rush back and in a few
weeks, you know, after being out so many months. So they said, stay at home, take these extra few
months to get some rest and keep doing what you're doing and be ready for next year.
So what's the process?
I mean, obviously it's a serious one.
Did you have to sit in the dark room for a little bit?
Because obviously severity can get pretty dark at some point.
Yeah, I think a lot of people are realizing the dark room is not the way to go.
I think it's rest, sleep, nutrition, and when you get certain symptoms,
you can do certain things to clear them up.
I had a lot of vestibular issues, so I saw a vestibular specialist,
and I worked on that and got my hand-eye you know that kind of stuff i mean it's weird stuff the stuff you
have to do but it makes you feel better and you know the headaches were gone after you know three
months of having them but you know sleep was another problem so getting on the melatonin and
making sure i'm getting enough magnesium in the system and it's all seemed to been helping and you know just I
think rest is key for sure I mean I had a lot of concussions in the past four years so I never
really gave my body the rest it needed I always kind of you know that that hockey player mentality
I rushed back to to play to be with the boys But I think it's time I took some me time
and made sure everything was where it needs to be.
That's good to hear, man.
And I know it's crazy.
Biz and I both said so many times on this podcast,
everyone's like, yeah, I'm going to wait until I'm healthy.
Nope, come back too soon.
So it makes a lot of sense, especially the way you play.
But we usually go back into the beginning and everything.
But at first, before we go into your junior career
and how you became an NHLer, how you won a Stanley Cup,
I need to ask, did you hear Kirby Doc's appearance on Spit and Chick?
Let's just drop an F-bomb.
He's not giving a flying fuck this fall.
How great was that kid?
The boys gave him a hard time for that.
He made sure he was keeping money on the board that night.
He was doing the interview, and right off the bat, I'm like,
this guy is awesome.
And his dad and his buddy are sitting in Biz's bedroom just like,
fucking right spot him.
This is unreal.
We still ride him about that.
I mean, he's a young kid.
He's excited.
His generation is way up watching, you know, the Spittin' Chicklets.
You know, you guys are newish.
I mean, he went around when I was a kid, that's for sure.
But, I mean, he was so excited.
He wanted all his buddies back home to see him.
You know, he's being a big dog, you know.
Hey, third overall. Third overall.
Third overall.
Like, fuck.
Do whatever he wants.
He's a great kid, though.
He is.
He's a lot of fun.
He's got good energy.
He is a big dog.
I think he's got the G-Wagon now.
He's doing bong rips with fucking Stevie Wyatt,
the player meetings at the draft.
I mean, this guy's a full-on veteran already.
But getting back to you, I mean, being undersized,
at least for the standards of when you were drafted
and you were coming into the league,
when did you gain that edge to your game and the way you played?
Did it have to be taught to you or told to you,
or was that just something that you'd always had growing up?
I mean, my old man's pretty old school.
He dragged me to work you know he worked construction
he dragged me every chance he could you know he made us earn our cape and i had two brothers um
that we used to just pound the shit out of each other like i'm telling you every day it was fights
over food or anything and we just bonded each other. I got, you know, we're three years,
there's three of us and we're three years apart.
So, I mean, it was hell growing up,
but it was a lot of fun.
I'm really close with them still.
You know, they're my best buddies.
But I mean, when it came to hockey,
it was just competitive, man.
I just always hated losing.
So I did what I could do to help the team win and yeah I was
trying to find my uh you know my feet when I was in junior and I ended up fighting like
like 13 times a year when I was 17 and the same thing when I was like 18 I was fighting guys
you know like it was Michael Evanic was like six five six seven I was like 5 it was Michael Evannik was like 6'5", 6'7".
I was like 5'10", 150 pounds.
And I did what I had to do to play because I was only getting like five minutes a night.
So I said, hey, our coach is a little bit of a meathead.
His name is Mero Shaquillo.
And he loved fighting.
He loved fighting.
So I just said, hey, I'm going to fight.
He's going to play me more.
So I just kind of started doing that.
Me and that coach really would have got along.
I'm wondering, so you're 17, 18.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
There was two drafts you got passed over on, right?
Yeah, I got drafted when I was 19.
I ended up getting traded from Niagara to Owen Sound in the OHL.
And this coach, Mark Reed, absolute beauty of a guy.
Just, he said, you go out there and you beat a rat,
you piss everybody off, I don't care.
Just play your game.
And I did, and we ended up winning the OHL.
I went to the Memorial Cup.
I led the tournament in points and got drafted like two weeks later.
And no one ever heard of me before that. So it was a pretty cool story, I guess. the turn on points and got drafted like two weeks later. No one
ever heard of him before that.
It was a pretty cool story, I guess.
That's what's so cool.
You get drafted after the sick playoff
run and the next year
you're playing NHL games.
I think just as many games
as in the A. Two years
prior, someone told you, hey man, just wait
until 11-12. Don't worry,
you'll be playing in the NHL. You'd have probably said
fuck off. There's no chance, right?
Or were you actually the whole time believing in yourself?
Oh, I mean
when I
last year in the NHL, I had a job lined
up to try and go and work
for Hydro One.
I had no idea what was going to
happen. I was like, alright, I'm going to be fucking working a blue-collar job the rest of my life. I had no idea what was going to happen. I was like, all right, I'm going to be fucking working
a blue-collar job the rest of my life.
I was okay with it.
I ended up just...
It was a crazy couple weeks,
getting drafted, going to camp,
fighting two guys at camp,
scoring a bunch of goals,
crossing a bunch of kids,
and then they offered me
an American League deal to start on
and I was like sure I'll take it that was a quick rise and I mean all of a sudden you played in
Rockford you had a great start to that year playing your game and next thing you know on a pretty deep
roster too because that was just after they'd won their first cup all of a sudden you're you're in a
locker room with all these legends like was it like a pinch-me situation?
Could you even believe it?
Oh, I'm smiling ear to ear, man.
My first game, I started the game, I was on the line with Paves and Sharp.
Oh, my God.
Suits and dunks are on the point.
I'm like, what the fuck is going on?
When you joined that team, like you said, there were a lot of characters in the club.
Who did you gravitate to?
What guys did you kind of get friendly or chummy with right away?
Oh, I jumped at the card table right away.
They needed, I mean.
Nice.
They needed your money, Shazi.
That's what they fucking needed.
They did.
They did.
Everyone.
I ended up taking money.
I was pretty good at cards.
I played cards taking money. I was pretty good at cards. I played cards growing up, so I walked in there, this young kid,
20 years old, for this game.
I think I probably put 500 bucks on the way to Philly,
and it was a good couple days there.
What's the game?
What do you play?
We were playing schnarps at that point,
and then we kind of switched over to Chinese poker.
I don't know.
It's not really skilled.
I think that's why I didn't go well, I guess.
Now I know why you got sent.
Hey, Shazi, now I know why you got sent down in your second season
after having such a good second half with the Hawks.
Those guys were fed up of you picking their fucking per diem.
They were broke.
They were both buying me dinner and I picking their fucking per diem. They were broke. They were both buying me dinner and taking their per diem.
One thing I want to ask you is that  so your first year,
then you guys go into playoffs,
and actually you guys faced off against the Coyotes when I was on the team,
and that was the incident that happened with Smitty and Nett.
What's your opinion on that whole thing?
I think you ended up getting suspended for a
few playoff games too correct yeah i got i got three games um my the whole i think i got a call
with the the whatever they're called there i've had a few talks with them but player safety yeah
the player safety called me telling me i meant to do it and i was like dude
listen i'm 20 years old you think i want to piss off a cute a coach like you you know i don't want
to take a five-minute penalty it was you know i i flew around the net he came around the other side
and i kind of ran out of real estate i tried to tuck up against the board and i hit him
and it was accident and then uh i kind of glad I did it though fuck that guy
me and him have had me and Smitty have had a few goes so I'm kind of glad I got him
I'm I'm going to be honest here and and after years later I would say there was a tiny tiny
bit of embellishment but at the time I didn't give a fuck because we needed a bounce because
that was the same series where Rafi Torres hit Marian Hossa
now this is your first ever playoff series in the NHL and it was chaotic what was your whole
interpretation of that situation I loved it I loved it I love I'm gonna kill someone myself
yeah I got I got I I love that I love the playoff hockey I miss it I've been in
playoffs in three years so I want to get back to it.
Speaking of playoffs, you played in two of the most incredible
playoff atmospheres of the NHL, Chicago and Montreal.
What's the biggest difference between the two that fans are unaware of?
I don't know if there's a big difference.
They're honestly very similar.
I mean, the big bones, crazy fans.
The absence is just  it's unbelievable.
I mean, come playoff time, both  not just the arena, the city,
the buzz around the city is always fun to be a part of.
I think it does help get you ready for it too.
I mean, in Montreal, does it feel just a little different?
I mean, they tortured Mike Rowans as a kid growing up,
but I always feel like when they put that jersey on,
it's almost like they're putting a Superman jersey on.
Did you have that effect in the locker room with all the atmosphere
and the history there?
Oh, for sure.
The oldest team, they've won so many Tuffs.
The history is unbelievable.
I just feel that Canadian feel where hockey's everything up there
and it's a city where they don't have any other sports really you know chicago has you know five
major sports so it was pretty cool atmosphere to be a part of i had a lot of fun in montreal
the guys there were a blast i mean i i always claim that like the music and the pregame and then right before the
anthems,
nothing's better.
You come out,
you're just flying around high,
stepping around the arena before I then sit on the bench.
But still it's more about the fan,
the fans being right on top of you in that building and just living and
dying is just makes it so special.
The thing that I find odd is that how hard they can be on French-Canadian guys.
Do you notice that?
Do guys chat about that at all?
They always want a French-Canadian to be their superstar.
It's a lot of pressure.
It's a lot to live up to.
I feel sorry for them.
Phil Deneau there, honestly, he's probably one of their best players, I find,
because he just does every little thing right.
I don't think he gets the credit he deserves,
but he's playing for his favorite team growing up.
He's an emotional guy for that reason.
He loves the Canadians.
He loves being a part of it.
He loves playing for his all-time favorite team that he grew up watching.
I was going to touch on that. I had it in my notes. Stan Bowman, not one of his
finest moments, gets rid of him. He didn't get a nod
for the Selke Award. Is he not one of the best
kept secrets in the NHL and one of the best 200-foot centermen in the league?
He is. That's what I mean. He doesn't get that  he doesn't get his tires pumped as much as he should.
I mean, the guy is unbelievable.
He's playing top minutes against other teams' top lines.
You know, he's putting up points himself.
It's in the default, and they're going to put him out there.
And, you know, I just find they better sign him long-term there for sure.
Andrew, going back to Chicago, when you broke in,
when you finally stuck with them for good, were you living solo?
Were you living with teammates, buddies from home?
I mean, that must have just been wild.
You're 21 years old in Chicago.
The city is loving everybody.
Was it just a party every night with that team?
Oh, it was a blast.
Gaynor made sure us young guys came out with him.
I lived with Nick Letty, so we had a lot of fun.
We had a good group of young guys with Brandon Saad, myself, Letty,
Jimmy Hayes, too.
That guy is
Broadway.
Broadway.
I loved it. He I love the biggest goofball
ever. I think we had
a lot of fun, man.
We were 21 years old. We won a cup.
We owned the city, man.
We were allowed to do whatever we wanted.
It was unbelievable.
Coming from Belleville, a small
town,
we don't even have a skyscraper.
Oh, God, it was the best time of my life.
So I joked around about it earlier.
What was the reason why in your second year pro you ended up going back to Rockford?
Was it a cap situation?
Why did you start the year there?
That was 2011, 2012.
I got sent down for a week and i think it was just
like a nine game meeting my ice time went way down when i got sent down we were in uh columbus
we landed there after a game and he calls me in he calls me at 2 in the morning in my hotel room and says,
come up to my room.
I was like, fuck.
What the hell is this?
I knew it wasn't.
I go up there.
We're going to send
you down to Rockford. I don't want you
to get upset over there.
I can tell you're tired. I want you to go
down there, rest up,
and, you know, we'll see how things go.
Nice job, Dylan.
All right, thanks, Kieran.
Thanks for the opportunity.
I'll see you in a few weeks.
And he kind of just, like, chuckled and said,
all right, get out of here.
So I left, and I got sent down.
Ended up flying to Toronto the next morning
to meet the Hogs,
and I ended up getting kicked out of next morning to meet the Hogs.
I ended up getting kicked out of the game because I was so pissed off.
I took three penalties and tried to fight some guy and just got tossed out of the game.
It was a fun time.
You mentioned Q, Joel Quenville, obviously the coach of those Blackhawk teams.
His players seemed to love him.
You never hear any bad talk about him.
How much was he relevant in your development as a professional? What did he mean to you playing for the Blackhawk teams. His players seem to love him. You never hear any bad talk about him. How much was he relevant in your development as a professional,
and what did he mean to you playing for the Blackhawks?
I think he's one of the reasons why I've been so successful.
He didn't keep me on a short leash.
He would pull me in and tell me, walk that line as well as you can,
piss people off, get get dirty fight once in a
while and then he said but but don't ever fuck me he said don't ever fuck me so I would you know
there would be times where I'd get penalties and I think you know all right I'm getting sat he would
just put me right out again so he gave me that short leash short leash. He didn't have me on a short leash. He let me be me.
And I think that's helped me develop as a player
and read situations a little bit better too.
Him never trying to reel you in is probably what's made you such a good NHL.
You know what I mean?
He's like, I know this kid's insane,
but I'm just basically going to have to deal with it.
Pretty much.
He said, you're going to take penalties as long as you don't fuck me,
then I'm okay with it.
He was awesome, man.
He was easy to talk to.
He was awesome.
Shaz, you went to Montreal.
You came back.
And I just find, even from a fan perspective,
I know Jonathan Taves has won three Stanley Cups now,
and that'd be reason to maybe not be as serious as he once was.
It seems like he's enjoying it more just overall.
Is that pretty accurate?
Yeah, I think so.
I think getting the leadership role so young,
I think he had to reel it in.
He had to be captain serious.
I think now he's just kind of realizing that you know you got to enjoy it well it lasts too but it's not going to be
there for rendering I think he's having more fun with it you know the boys like he's always been
great with the boys but I think more now he's he's having a little bit more fun playing hockey
and living a lifestyle as well and He's a lot of fun.
He's one of those guys that I ride him every day.
I'm all over him whenever I can.
About what?
What are you chirping him about? Anything.
He preaches.
He's a preacher.
I get him a milk crate to stand on so he can preach his words to everybody.
Yeah, but go into detail.
Is he big on the diet? I know he used to be
big on the ARP.
That was the training method?
Yeah, ARP,
nutrition,
press juices.
I'm telling you, man.
Meditation, whatever you can think.
This guy,
he's dialed into everything.
So we have the TB12. We're going to see the jt uh what's his number 19 19 baby yeah we're gonna see the jt19 soon i i always call him
peyton manning because he's got the big forehead like he does have a big noggin on him oh he's
five head eh how does he fit in that uh that Bauer 4000, for Christ's sake?
He must have all the foam shaved down on the inside.
It's an XXL.
Like John Wilson.
Stretcher.
Yeah, John Wilson had a big nugget on him, too.
Let's just start carving the guys.
Let's just tee off on Seabrook.
What do you got for Seabs?
Oh, my God.
Mr. Grilled Cheese?
Oh, is that a story too?
He loves his chicken tenders and grilled cheese.
Oh, he's a 10-year-old.
He's seven.
Hey, another coach we need to bring up.
We haven't talked about him for a while.
What's his favorite coach?
Michel Therrien.
You played under him in Montreal, right?
Therrien.
Oh, that guy was great.
His English was so good. You could understand everything he said. You're like, right? That guy was great. His English was so good, you could understand
everything he said.
Pardon?
Mike?
Every sentence had about five
F-bombs in it.
How many darts did he blow on your face?
Oh my god.
Every intermission, man.
You could see him sneak away and just go
underneath the bleachers and just light a dart and start pulling up.
I should have asked him for one when I was really playing bad.
Like, hey, can I grab a butt, bud?
Grab a neck.
Oh, yes.
Fuck you.
He got snipped that year as coach, and then Claude Gillian took over, correct?
Yep.
Yeah, it was a crazy time, man. He got snipped that year as coach, and then Claude Gillian took over, correct? Yep.
Yeah, it was a crazy time, man.
Oh, R.A.'s got his hand in his pants.
How was the playing for Claude?
Oh, it was good.
I didn't mind Claude.
The boys liked razzing him.
He liked razzing the boys, so it was a lot of fun. But lot of fun. I was hurt a lot when I was playing for him.
I didn't get too much.
He let me be me too.
He'd keep me on a little tighter relief.
I think he understood I would be better if he let me go out and be myself.
It was fun.
We had a good group of guys there.
He made it
for the guys that
X player.
We always give him a hard time because he always says
he's an ex-NHLer.
Hockey DBM, see how many games he played.
He had a great
look though. He had that duster on one of those pitches
in the old No Deeks jersey.
Okay. I got to tell you, there's a photo He had a great look, though. He had that duster on one of those pitches in the old Noah Deeks jersey. Oh, okay.
I got to tell you, there's a photo of him screaming on the bench.
If you Google him, he's got a KFC chicken bucket in his hand,
and he's got a drumstick in his hand, and his mouth wide open screaming.
The best pitcher of all time.
You got to look it up.
Okay.
Well, since we're teeing off on coaches,
you got any funny Q stories, like behind-the-scenes stuff?
We heard the gambling one with the horse race right before a playoff game,
but you got any other ones?
So I'm a big sauna guy.
I mean, we always have sauna car example practice going there in hot shows.
So he knew that because he would, like, hide in the corner of the sauna
so you couldn't see him when you'd walk in.
So you'd walk in.
You'd be the only guy.
You'd, like, make eye contact with him.
He'd just, like, turn around, walk out, and you'd just be like, pussy.
So you go in.
Then you're like, all right, I can't c't cower out now i gotta go in there so you
sit in there and he's got the bucket right there and he's just throwing water on the rocks and
it's getting hotter and hotter and like to the point where uh you're like about to faint
like light-headed so like holy crap like you go to get up, you walk up. The moment you stand up, he goes, pussy.
Anybody outlast him?
Oh, no, no.
He wouldn't let it happen.
He would faint before that would happen.
You'd come out two seconds after you just beat Red.
Chelio sitting up on the back step fucking doing his little pedal thing.
Are there any guys that stick out that Q just tortured?
Like any of his just
always grinding their gears that drove him
nuts?
He was pretty hard on
Versteeg
and it was fun to watch.
Steven was
a psychopath. He would take it to heart
and he would just, you know,
motherfuck him back.
But he always did a bad pickle, too, called Pickle Man.
And, you know, he was hard on him, too.
But he knew we all could take it.
I think he was really good at rating players that way,
who he could push, who he can't.
players that way.
Who he could push, who he can't.
But my all-time favorite was
Cain would walk around with a puck,
make it look super easy.
Cain would always be on the bench like,
look at this guy, look at this guy. Everything's
so easy for him. And he'd go out and try
stick handling and lose the puck.
Cain would yell,
Edward Scissorhands, quit stick handling!
To Jonathan Tabes.
Yeah, he'd always call him.
He'd be just like, oh, Edward.
It was pretty funny.
That's one.
Go ahead, Whit.
No, recently it was funny you said Steger
because the other day he had a clip on his Instagram story of
the movie For Love of the Game.
In that movie, Kevin Costner's a baseball
pitcher. Before he pitches,
he says, clear the
mechanism. He has the game
on. I write to him, clear the mechanism.
He goes, oh, fuck. I tried that
in hockey. Never worked once. All I heard
was Q calling me a fucking asshole
from the bench.
Q, in hockey never worked once. All I heard was Q calling me a fucking asshole from the bench. Q
got the best of his players.
I think that's why he's so successful.
To me, if it wasn't for him,
I don't think I would have had an NHL career.
I owe him so much.
I know a lot of players do. He made people
he made players better.
That's why we won so many championships.
I think if we had another coach there with those same teams,
I don't know if we would have came out with all those cups.
How nice was it to see Hossa win a cup?
I mean, I know he came over and he'd struck out.
How many times before that?
He lost it in Pittsburgh and Detroit
and then finally ended up winning it with you guys.
I know he just got announced to the Hockey Hall of Fame,
so it must have been pretty special playing with him.
He's another guy I watched.
I respected him.
He was the nicest guy.
Honestly, he was a better person than he was a hockey player.
This guy was so nice to everyone
and I just loved watching him.
It wasn't even his offense. It was
his defensive play that was
amazing. He'd lose a puck
and he would high
step it and steal the puck right back
and I see him do it so many times
that it was
fun to see and it helped me grow as a
player too.
Speaking of the championships, I'll do a little therapy session here for myself.
Let's go to Game 6, 2013, Stanley Cup in Boston.
Have you ever experienced a game like that where the stakes changed so much so quickly?
I can't even remember that game.
I took a slap shot in the face, split open.
That's right. Yeah, Sean Thornton, wasn't it?
Yeah, I
tried to make a backhand soft.
No skill
deal over here. Couldn't get it off the ice, so he
picked it off.
He took a clap or it hit me in the
face.
I just remember briefly
thinking, oh, man,
we got to go play game seven back home on the grass.
And then, holy fuck, we're going to overtime.
And we had our stuff jacked up.
And then 17 seconds later, we're like, holy fuck,
we just won the family cup.
I mean, then it was blackout central.
So for like two weeks for two weeks yeah
yeah well since we're talking about uh former teammates i was going to bring up panarin and
and i mean you saw him come in a league when the calder could you have ever have expected
like him to getting to this level that he is now. Yes, for sure. I mean, I think playing with Kane helped him develop,
helped people see what he's capable of.
But I always say he's a right-handed Patrick Kane.
I mean, those two guys going up the ice,
like playing cat and mouse, just passing it back and forth,
it was so fun to watch.
Frustrating at the same time because they make hockey look so easy.
I know.
Everyone was like, even me, you know,
I don't know if he can do it without Kane.
And little did you know, if you asked every guy in the Hawks that year,
they're like, I think he'll actually be fine.
He's that good.
So I saw it in Russia.
I'm just a kid.
And we heard he has a hammer.
Who told us yesterday he has an absolute tripod?
He's a tripod.
I couldn't believe hearing that.
Just an absolute cover.
Between him and Hank, there's enough cock for the whole team in NYC.
Oh, my God.
The old kickstand.
Yeah.
Good for him, eh?
Make us jealous about hockey and other things.
I had one written down for you, actually.
Sorry to jump in there, R.A.
Sorry.
Comparing playing in the Eastern Conference to the Western Conference,
did you notice a big difference at all?
Travel, man.
I was at home and I only bet way more playing in the East.
It was one-day road trip back home.
It was pretty nice, actually.
You're not getting in at 3 in the morning
like you do at West all the time.
Less physical?
Oh, that way, too.
Yeah. Oh, for sure. I mean, that's probably
why I had such a good year there.
I went to season there.
No one touches
anyone out there.
Tummy sticks. The tummy stick
conference.
Yeah. It was sticks, yeah.
It was fun, though.
I mean, it was fun not waking up being physically sore every day, I guess.
Is Duncan Keith the coolest cat in the room?
He just has kind of an aura or presence about him when you're in the room
with him.
It just kind of exudes cool.
Oh, he's the man.
He's the man.
It's funny watching him you know just being that guy you could you could have a tv show on him be something new every week
what he's into it's pretty hilarious he's uh he's a fun guy too so he's just he's whacked. That's what I always say. He's just whacked.
You mentioned fighting guys that are a lot bigger than you. I noticed even with your hockeyfights.com,
you've fought some pretty tough customers in the NHL.
Who would you consider to be your arch nemesis?
Is there still one guy you have a feud with
who every time you play against him,
you're like, I'm going to fucking run that guy?
Greg Patteron. I never fought him him but i got a feud with him so is there a story behind it oh no i just i don't really want to rip into the guy but i just don't like him as a person
all right that's all it takes i'm'm for the boys. He's not.
Oh, perfect.
Printed Grinnelli.
One other guy we haven't asked about.
If we watch what?
Go ahead.
If you type in Andrew Shaw hits Greg Patterson on YouTube,
I hurt myself.
I actually knocked myself out cold with another concussion,
and I blew my LCL in my knee and had surgeries out for nine months.
But to me, it was still worth it.
That's when you know you hate a man.
That's great.
I'm surprised we haven't asked you about Shea Weber, man.
He's such a quiet superstar
In Montreal, he's been doing it so good for so long
What was it like sharing the locker room with him
Playing on his team?
The Mountain Man?
Awesome, man, a lot of fun
Our backyards backed up to each other
So we had a lot of fun together
He's a good
He's a really good leader
He makes sure everyone feels at home and everyone feels a part of the team.
I think as a young guy coming in, that's huge.
You're trying to find yourself.
You don't want to step on anyone's toes.
For him being a leader, I can see why they chose him
and why he was a leader in Nashville as well.
I was just glad I got to play with him and not against him anymore.
He ended up in one of the playoff runs.
He broke two of my ribs with a cross check.
So I was just happy I didn't have to battle that problem anymore.
He's a machine.
What about, I mean, you had a nice year two years ago,
that last year in Montreal, but still,
I'm guessing you were pretty fired up when you got the call
you were going back to Chicago.
Do you remember where you were, how that all you got the call you were going back to Chicago like do you remember where you were how that all went down did you know it was coming um so when I got traded out of Chicago I only went back to Chicago when I played there
just the way you know life got busy I never got to visit and then that summer I was there
with uh with my wife my daughter visiting my brother who lives down
there now and we were there and i was literally on the runway about to take off and i got the
phone call from billy saying i was traded so i was like holy hell i gotta come back here
in two months this is gonna be awesome like i i was you know i had two hours in silence on the flight
and then i landed at home and obviously it was already posted that i got straight and so my phone
just blew up but i was pretty pumped man i love that city it's awesome it's the best city in
north america man chicago is you didn't freeze your nuts off in the winter? No, man.
We get through the winter, so I'm used to it.
I like the cold.
Shazzy, I don't really have much else to ask you, man.
I appreciate you coming on.
You've been very open with us.
I don't know if there's any other stories that you want to share before we hop off here, but this has been awesome.
We've had a lot of great experience with Hawks guys on here.
We all love the show, man we've had a lot of great experience with hawks guys on here oh we all love the show man it's a lot of fun you want to throw any more good you want to throw any more carves at any of your teammates right now we'd love i mean people are going to eat up the
the jonathan tave's forehead he's looking like uh yeah i can't think oh yeah peyton manning you
mentioned it peyton Manning.
I don't know.
Strong was probably the most sensitive guy I've ever met, let's just say that.
He's a sensitive, sensitive guy.
What a chirp that is.
I get called sensitive.
I'm like, no, I'm not. You angry?
No.
That's his reaction, too.
You all sensitive guys are all the same
Yeah exactly
Where did number 65 come from?
Was that like a training camp issue you decided to keep
Or is there some sentimental value with that?
I just rolled a pair of dice
And that's what I got
Tell me how many conkeys he had in junior
No it was just a number they gave me
At camp and I just said fuck fuck it, I'm keeping it.
There you go. Nice.
I love it.
You made your mark on this for sure.
Hey, buddy, what a career you've had.
Made a bunch of money.
Won the Stanley Cup twice.
Just been awesome to watch.
We really appreciate you coming on,
and hopefully the melon keeps feeling better and better
getting ready for next year.
All right. Thanks, boys. Appreciate it.
Big thanks to Andrew Shaw for joining us.
Great stuff. Very candid. That's
what we like here on Chicklets. He's a funny
guy as well.
Oh, yeah. He's phenomenal.
I just talked
to Garrett
Wilson. Do you know who that is, Biz?
Yeah.
He played with Shawzy.
I texted him. What do you got for me about him?
You know what I'm saying?
And you didn't hear back from him until
after the interview. And I didn't hear back from
him until after, so unfortunately, I didn't get
him to ask.
I didn't get a chance to ask him about the car
that he used to have in Junior.
Just this old-ass minivan, Willie says.
Speedometer didn't even work and he
had the fake balls hanging off the back of it after after get it after jumping all of them i
could totally see that because that was the first time i've ever actually had a conversation how
fast you go no clue yeah the wind says about 71 it was actually the the car that Brian Yandel's buddy sold them.
The one that had the squirrels in the back eating the
jolly ranches.
Oh, shit.
All right. Well, boys,
we do got some hockey coming pretty soon, man.
We got to get a little the rust off,
kick the rust off, check out rosters. We got
the East preview we're going to do this week.
We're not really going to
break down the round robin.
There's really nothing to break down.
It's four teams playing each other for seeding.
So, I mean, we could do game by game as we get closer,
but obviously the emphasis is on the qualifiers
because some of these teams aren't going to move on.
First series we're going to take a look at, New York Rangers playing Carolina Hurricanes.
Hurricanes are a minus 150150 favorite for the series.
In game one, they're minus-130, total of six.
Rangers won the season series, four to nothing.
Goalie for the Rangers, actually goalie for both teams is probably a question,
but it's probably bigger in New York.
People wondering if Hank's going to get in there, but Igor Shosturkin,
he's only a kid.
He had a small window this year, but he was unreal, 10-2 with the 9-3-2
save percentage, 2-5-2 goals against.
For the Carrick Canes, we don't know if we're going to get Peter Mrazek or Reimer.
That's probably up in the air.
I mean, Mrazek played last year.
He wasn't great.
Obviously, the big thing for the Carolina, no duh, slowing down Panarin.
And for the Canes, it's trying to recapture what they did last year.
Let's go to you first, Whit, for your take.
Yeah, that's why the Canes were  they were very open about how much they didn't maybe agree
with the playoff scenario we do have going.
And everyone immediately looked and saw, oh, well, the Rangers owned them all season.
They dummied them.
And I just  this series gets me as excited as  it's in my top three
that I'm looking forward to in terms of all the series
because I can't wait to see Panarin and Zibanejad.
And shout-out to Zibanejad, who led the league in goals per game.
I think it was like.72, more than Ovechkin and Poshinok,
more than the Rock of Rashard winners, and 41 goals in 57 games.
So you talk about Panarin and him deservingly being an MVP candidate and he
could win it.
Nobody would complain.
Well,
actually everyone,
people would complain.
Rick,
Rick would be complainers.
People love complaining.
I'm glad I'm someone who never complains.
It feels good being like that.
But I think,
I think that you got these two superstars on the Rangers
who are fun to watch play.
And Carolina, that first line, Svechnikov, Ajo, Terravine,
and they can play with any first line in the league.
Ajo, unreal player.
I always pump this guy's tires.
I love watching him.
And they had that run last year to the conference finals.
So I think Carolina's the favorite.
I think that's who I would believe is going to get this done.
The Rangers don't hold on to the puck a lot.
They're not a high-possession team.
They're not good in that aspect.
Playoffs, that usually wears thin when you're running around chasing the puck,
tiring yourself out playing defense.
I think, personally, Carolina's fucked.
I know I've doubted them in the past, and they've shoved it so far up my hoop,
sandpaper finish, no spit, no lube, but I'm betting against them,
and I'm going to tell you why.
In the last 17 games this season, the Rangers averaged 3.6 goals for.
They were 11-5-1 in their last 17.
All right, you mentioned that goaltending situation.
Let's go through it.
Alexander Georgiev, he had the biggest load, okay, of all three of them.
Played in 34.
You know.
He had the biggest load all season.
Oh.
The heaviest sack.
He played in 34 games this year.
And he put up, I guess, average numbers.
3.04 goals against with a 9-10 save percentage.
And then we move on to this, how do i say it shesterkin
this guy played in saint petersburg last season if you want to know his stats last year wit
i'm sure you've been to saint petersburg did you do a baza in saint petersburg what an incredible
city uh listen i know how good this guy is i don't know necessarily about how he lived his
life in russia the guy's filth is he's filth 1.11 goals against average last season with a 953 percentage save percentage
excuse me in the khl so he started the season off in hartford of course with henrik lundqvist being
there and georgiev didn't disappoint the minors and you mentioned the 10-2 record, R.A. He's only lost one game in his last nine. This guy is a fucking stud.
But last but certainly not least, excuse me, the King,
who I think should 100 be the starter in net for the Rangers.
And I know he didn't have a great year.
What do you mean what?
I know some of you are like Witten saying,
Biz, he's 38 years old, okay?
I haven't even said anything yet.
Well, I know what you're thinking, all right?
How do you know?
Don't try to get in my head.
You're saying with all due respect, he's played 15 seasons.
Maybe the body's breaking down.
The time is passing him by,
and it's time to dethrone him
and pass it off to someone else.
No.
I think that David Quinn needs to get off his analytical high horse,
and he needs to give Henrik Lundqvist the respect he deserves.
He's the career leader in playoff wins for the New York Rangers organization.
He has that experience, and I think in this scenario, you give him his last swan song.
You put him in there.
You see what he can do.
Okay.
In front of an underrated decor.
D'Angelo has been buzzing.
Trouba has been coming into his own.
And you mentioned the two studs up front.
And Zibanejad, who actually leads the league in goals since the All-Star break, too, by seven.
23 goals since the All-Star break, Whit, by seven, 23 goals since the All-Star break, Witt,
and, of course, the Breadman.
So I think you put the king in net,
and I think that they can go on a little bit of a run.
And worst case Ontario, little Trailer Park boy shout out there,
they lose, and they have a chance of getting that first pick.
So who cares, right?
So David Quinn, get off the analytical
hide horse and give the people what they want put the king in net for one last run of the cup
what what do you think i i totally i'm kind of buying what you're saying i just don't know
the way the season was playing out if that's going to go down you know what i'm saying can i say the
word saying again do you know what I mean, Miz?
You can say whatever you want to say.
Yeah, my podcast.
That Georgiev, oh my god.
He goes on runs. He looks
like he can't score on.
So I
totally can kind of figure out
whoever they start, I can kind of buy
into off the hop.
Now, if they don't play well, you have the chance to make a quick change.
But it's going to be a fun series.
We've got three more to chat about.
But we're looking forward to Kane's Rangers.
Or as R.A. calls them, the Rags, and people get mad at them.
No, it's like they think I'm making a bad nickname about them.
It's like, no, they've been calling them that forever.
One player  go ahead, Biz.
Well, I was going to say, do you think the lemieux suspension affects them at all because he adds a
completely different element and and he's got the first two games he's gonna be sitting up in the
press box i don't think it's an insurmountable issue for them i mean you know it's it's a loss
of a guy but it's one guy you know he's not irreplaceable he's a solid player like you say
he's a good irritant but you know i don't think it's going to be a huge deterrent.
But also, Biz, we were talking about guys whose season was over
when this stopped, but they're coming back.
A name we didn't mention, Dougie Hamilton.
Broke his leg.
His season was over.
Well, he's ready to play.
And that's, you know, that's not a bottom pair defenseman you're throwing.
And this guy's a top-caliber defenseman that's going to be huge for Carolina.
And like I said, the big question is, can they recapture what they did last year?
They have a lot of the cast.
They have the coach.
Williams is back.
They picked up Vinny Trochek at the deadline.
You know, I know he didn't mesh right away,
but he's a guy I'd be looking forward to producing.
Rangers in four.
All right, yeah, let's do a little prediction action.
Rangers in four.
They're going to best of five.
You're a beauty.
Rangers in four games.
Yeah, what do you mean?
Three to one.
Carry the one.
Suck on that one, R.A.
Yeah, math guy.
I'm the fucking math guy now.
Suck on that one.
I do suck at math.
What do you got, Ben?
I got canes in five.
Yeah, this isn't even based on the season series.
I don't put a lot of stock on that, but I don't know.
I think Canes got a big question mark on that.
I'm going to go Rangers in five.
I think Carolina's enough spunk elsewhere where they can offset poor goal,
mediocre goal, and if that's what they get.
All right, next series.
This is actually the highest odds in all of the series.
Montreal playing Pittsburgh.
Montreal's a minus 240 favorite.
That's the highest one on the board by far.
They're a minus 170 in game one.
The Pens won the season series two games to one.
Obviously in Montreal.
Wait, the Canadians are the favorites?
No, no, Pittsburgh's the favorite.
Oh, I spoke another one, buddy.
I'm sorry. Yeah. I thought you  Spoke another one, buddy. I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I thought you misspoke.
No, like by far the biggest favorite on the board too.
People like, you know, goaltending is always the big thing in the playoffs.
They don't know if they're going to go with Murray or Jarry yet.
Jarry had a much better season.
Of course, in Montreal, all eyes will be on Carey Price.
You know, he didn't have a great season.
I mean, he was by his standards, I guess, but I don't know what the playoffs.
I feel like we've hit the reset button on hockey right now.
So we, I don't know what we're going to get from people.
I think Montreal, like I mentioned with Andrew Shaw,
this is an X factor there was just by pulling that Jersey on come playoff
time, but let's go to business.
He's with the Hawks though now.
Right. No, I mean, I'm saying,
but I talked about him when he played for the Canadians,
how the aura of wearing that jersey in the playoffs.
I know he's with the Hawks, but what you're saying, my bad.
That's all right. Shit happens.
So what do you think of the series biz, Montreal, Pittsburgh?
No offense to the Canadians.
I don't think they stand a snowball's chance in hell against the Pens.
And I don't think that's a bad thing because I think the Canadians
could definitely use that first overall pick so they can cross their fingers
and hope that that works out for
them i just i think with that core group of the penguins getting a little bit older they're
probably going to take this a lot more seriously than other teams knowing that their time is is
dwindling down uh you mentioned the goaltending situation and yari had an unbelievable season we
know murray's been known to show up in playoffs, so they have two options there.
I think the only X factor in any way that the Canadians have a chance to win
is if Carey Price stands on his head,
which we've said this before in the last few podcasts, could happen.
I just don't see it happening.
So Penguins in four.
Yeah, the only way that the Canadians could win,
and it's not exactly me uh breaking
news here is if price stands on his head and the penguins get zero goaltending but
the the question being like it's it's it actually seems like you could see jari doing what murray
did to flurry to murray yeah because it's just been a it was a struggle for him and then you
read in camp so far since they all started skating together that
he's struggling too.
So Jari was great.
He made the all season all-star this year.
And so you,
you just wonder how that's going to end up,
but they have so much more talent,
top 10 power play team.
I think a top 10 offense.
I mean,
it's Crosby,
Malkin,
it's this core and they've done this. They've had such a sick year. I mean, they top-ten offense. I mean, it's Crosby, Malkin, it's this core.
And they've done this  they've had such a sick year.
I mean, they missed  they had time missing Crosby, Malkin, Gensel, LeTang.
It's just been kind of like guys pitching in and figuring it out.
So I think Penguins move on pretty easy here.
There's a question mark maybe with Pittsburgh.
It might be their defense.
I mean, they've won cups with less than stellar defensemen
because they have goaltending and obviously Crosby
and Malkin up front, but I think
that's always been a question mark for them.
Going against a Claude Julien coach
team, they're going to emphasize defense. I think
this one's going to be a little closer than people think.
Again, I kind of think a lot of these series
are more pick-ems. By the way, I want
to clarify, these aren't my official gambling picks.
I'll be doing those on the last episode before
we start. These are just kind of the picks we're
playing along with, so I'm not telling anybody to bet
these right now just to make that clear.
Pittsburgh probably has
a little too much offense, but I'll go
Pittsburgh in five. I think it's going to be
more of a battle than people think. So you're basically
going with the situation
of the Canadians trying to lock down the
Penguins similar to the way the Islanders did
to them last year. Not a sweep,
but yeah, just controlling
and slowing down that play
and just frustrating the Pens.
Yeah, Claude builds his structure around defense
and he's been pretty successful for it thus far.
Alright.
Next up on the slate, this is
a very intriguing matchup. The Florida
Panthers, boy Ian Dilley, versus the New York Islanders.
Islanders are a slight favorite, 120 to make 100.
Game one, same thing, minus 120, five and a half over.
The Islanders did win the season series, three nothing.
I know this might not look like the most appealing series to some folks out there,
but when it comes to the chess matches, man, you're going to have Quenville versus Trotz.
I mean, if you're looking at the game within the game, it's going to be some good shit right there, but when it comes to the chess matches, man, you're going to have Quenville versus Trotz. I mean, if you're looking at the game within
the game, it's going to be some good shit right
there, Whit.
Yeah, I think it could be
high scoring.
I don't...
The Islanders are so confusing. I mean, listen,
they started off, they were
incredible. I don't remember
their exact numbers. It was 16
and 4, 16 and 3. They had a 10-game win streak, and incredible. I don't remember their exact numbers. It was 16-4,
16-3. They had a 10-game win streak. And then
it just slowly kind of, not
fell apart, but became so inconsistent.
Like a 500 team, you know,
20-20 or something. Right around 19-20.
You know, leading up
in the end of the season.
And, you know, they got Pajot over
from Ottawa. It was a great deal. They signed
him. I don't think they've won since he got there.
So it's like talk about a team who needed  they needed a lightning delay in golf.
You know what I mean, boys?
What a fucking analogy.
Excuse my French.
They needed this.
Maybe they needed this.
In Florida, they have so much offensive talent.
They have so many different guys who can score.
And then Bobrovsky, that's the same question mark.
Is this guy going to be unbelievable?
You've seen him in Columbus stand on his head,
vezzing the guy like you can win playoff series with him,
or is he just going to be like he was for at least a lot of the beginning
of the year in Florida, which was just really inconsistent?
There's so many questions.
I feel like some of the series you do know how they'll go or you have a pretty good guess.
This one, I have no idea.
I got Panthers in five, and the reason I say so is a lot of those guys stayed in Florida.
So as soon as everybody got back to skating, they were right there.
They're back in great shape.
I think that the offense is going to be buzzing.
You mentioned how a few weapons they have up front.
I was a little surprised by that Trochek trade.
That one confused me a lot to Carolina,
and that's going to be a big loss for them.
But Bobrovsky, you've got to think things have got to turn around
for him at some point, and I think he's going to come back
and he's going to light the lamp for that team in that. yeah i just i don't think he wants to light the lamp well
maybe goalie unless it's cutting out an empty net goal for the goaltender maybe you know what the
fuck i meant you peckerheads i got panthers in five and i've been going against the islanders
forever here and and i i'm kind of in the same boat with them as Carolina where at one point I got to be right here.
Yeah, Panthers in three.
Whoa!
Fuck the Islanders.
Bob has a chance, Biz, to earn that 10 million contract
because he had a so-so regular season
23-19-6
.9008 percentage
3-2-3 goals against
one shutout after he had nine last year.
But I don't know, goalies, they're so mental, they can turn the switch on.
He was great in the playoffs last year.
Yeah, he's got some pride.
He's probably going to show up.
Like I said, this is a coin flip.
The Islanders are probably going to go at Valum off the net.
You know the Islanders, they're going to mock it up, play trots hockey.
But I like the Isles, man.
I think Quenville gets the job done with that offense.
I'm sorry, I like the Panthers, not the Isles.
Panthers in four.
All right.
One more series to break down.
And this one, oh, has there been more pressure on a group of individuals
than the Toronto Maple Leafs heading into this series?
Wow.
Well, at least they're probably happy they're not facing off
with the Bruins first off after the last few history.
This feels like a super tight series to me.
Toronto is actually a sizable favorite, minus 170,
minus 160 in game one over under a six.
Season series, the Leafs won 1-0 and won,
so basically only played two games.
We don't know if we're going to get Elvis in that.
Yunus Korpisalo was healthy.
Both guys are outstanding, so either one will be a factor,
but Leafs got tons of firepower.
Biz, let's go to you.
You're the Canadian guy.
Leafs have no business losing this series,
and they got the three-headed monster right now,
I think, of Marner, Matthews, and Tavares on the first line.
I like Anderson and Nett,
and I think that they picked up Jack Campbell just in case,
and I think he's a good safety valve.
I like the fact that they picked up Kyle Clifford to add that physical element.
I just  I can't  I think the Columbus Blue Jackets
what's the term?
The Cinderella story of the season, I would say, is going to come to
what?
No fucking catty show, Cinderella story.
I think it's coming to an end and and i'm hoping it does because the amount of firepower that those guys will be under in
toronto if they lose to the columbus blue jackets in a five game playing series given the salary cap
and the big boys they have up front they might as well move out of the city uh biz you said that
perfectly that's kind of what i thought and and
it's obvious that you can't lose with the the firepower difference here i mean the the talent
up front the the ability to score two different sick lines whereas you know columbus gets it done
but they kind of get it done by committee. Luke Dubois is awesome.
He's not an 80, 90 point guy.
The Maple Leafs have four of them, five of them.
It's just going to be
an issue of
Toronto being better defensively.
They're shit defensively.
I think they're six worse in the league
defensive team.
There's so many nights
they give up so many shots and maybe you
can win a track meet against some teams.
I don't think Columbus is one of them.
Because if Merzlik
is as good as he was through most of the year
and they get outworked
and all of a sudden they lose a quick game,
I don't know what could happen.
Muzzin did go down for a little bit there.
He's back healthy. I think that that's
going to help out big time.
I just can't see the Leafs losing this series.
I'm going to get Toronto in four.
Yeah, I'm with you on that.
Yeah, one thing we didn't mention either, guys, was the coaching factor.
I think that's huge.
John Tortorella, obviously, his record speaks for itself.
He's going against a rookie coach.
So you've got to think Columbus has a sizable advantage there.
No disrespect to Keefe, of course, but it is Torts.
You know, and that Toronto D, like Whit said, they can be exposed.
And if Columbus is playing like they did last year,
and there's no reason to think they won't,
I know the talent level isn't the same, but if the heart and the effort is,
they can beat this Toronto team.
So I'm going to go Columbus in five.
Wow. Holy shit.
Now, fast forwarding to gambling corner,
do you think you're going to place that bet?
I do. I do.
I like the plus 150, 100 to make 150 on Columbus for the series.
Like I said, I view most of these series as pick-ems
just from a gambling perspective because everything is reset.
Everyone's healthy.
This is something we've never done before. This is such a first time event.
So I don't think that teams really have that same advantage from the season
that people think I could be wrong. That's just kind of my theory.
I'm going to fucking work with.
Of course the teams in the round, Robin, Boston, Tampa, Washington, Philly,
like I said, they're all going to play each other.
It's not really worth breaking down game by game.
So we're not going to waste your time or ours.
Like we said, the Gamma Corner, we're going to make it to return next week.
We'll get our action.
And then in business, with all these puck lines going down to the wire,
folks are going to need some stress relief,
which means it's time to bust out the old Roman swipes.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
but naming every Stanley Cup champ from 67 to 2019 in your head
doesn't always work. Thankfully, the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex. Roman Swipes are
a clinically proven way to last longer in bed. They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting,
and they do not require a prescription. Roman can ship swipes due in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
Just take the swipes out of the packet, wipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to go.
That's it.
Go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets,
and you can get your first month of swipes for just 5
when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
And, boys, before we bring it over to Paul Rabel, we want to just mention the award finalists.
I dropped a bunch of them.
I'll read them through quick, and we can go over them after.
Lady Bing finalists, Nathan McKinnon, Austin Matthews, Ryan O'Reilly,
the Selkie, Patrice Bergeron, Sean Couturier, Ryan O'Reilly again.
The Masterton was Stephen Johns from Dallas, Oscar Lindbaum from Philly,
Bobby Ryan from Ottawa, the Norris, John Collison, Victor Hedman,
Roman Yossi, the Hot Trophy, Dreisaitl, McKinnon, and Panarin.
Boys, anything you want to pipe in on any of those?
Whit, we'll go to you first.
I've been pumping Dreisaitl all year.
I'm not giving up now.
I love Panarin.
If he got it, I wouldn't bitch.
But in my opinion, Dreutzel, what he did with McDavid gone after so many people kind of saying he was 1B,
he just carried that team on his own.
And his numbers speak for themselves.
And people bitch about the five-on-five numbers, blah, blah, blah.
I don't know.
I think he dominated more than anyone else in my eyes,
so I'm giving it the trade title.
What was the other one you mentioned?
Selke.
Selke, Mastodon, Bing, Morris.
Just the Bergeron.
Geez, that number.
Nine times.
Insane.
That's how many times he's been nominated?
That's how many times he's been nominated.
That's how many times I was a minus in the first period in my career.
No, that was probably like 90.
Way more than that.
Maybe 900.
All right.
Well, Selke, I can't not say Bergeron.
I mean, look, I'm a Boston guy.
All I do is pump his tires.
I don't know.
I'm just giving it to him.
Just rack him up.
Yeah, he's like a
I mean, there's a lot of good candidates there.
A couple people mentioned Selke Snubs,
and I'd have to agree that Dano was a guy who Shazi was talking about,
very underrated 200-foot player,
and that's Sorelli who plays with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
But I'd imagine moving forward,
those are two guys that are going to eventually get nominations.
Regarding this one, I see no reason why Bergeron shouldn't win it again.
It's just when you're lugging those type of minutes
and playing such a good 200-foot game against the top guys,
night in and night out, and you're able to put up that type
of offensive production, it's an anomaly.
It's fucking nuts.
I don't understand it.
There's a very select few of them.
Couturier will be nominated for years and years and years
as Bergeron kind of fades away here.
Kopitar is another name that comes to mind.
Of course, Ryan O'Reilly, but these guys are very special individuals,
and they play the game the right way,
but yet are able to produce at that offensive level.
And, yeah, I got to go with Bergey on this one.
I mentioned the couple guys that I thought should also get consideration,
but a great three nominees there.
And what was the other one that you mentioned, the Masterton?
The Masterton, yes.
You can't go wrong either way.
I mean, Bobby Ryan, everybody knows his story.
Incredible comeback in his first game back.
It's the hat trick.
Oscar Lindbaum, and he gets rewarded with a three-year contract
to at 3 million a year.
So happy to hear that.
I'd imagine that he's going to end up winning this thing
just given the fact that he beat cancer.
And then the other one in Dallas, John, Stephen Johns,
battling a lot with the mental health situation.
So some great stories for you people who haven't heard or read them.
Look into them.
Just battling a lot of adversity there.
So congratulations to all three of those gentlemen
on being nominated and uh as far as dry sidle i think give him it i think that bread man just
kind of ran into a beast this year and i don't think he's uh he's going to be able to pull away
yeah it was funny mckinnon had the quote about like basically like the media picks the heart but
you know the the players kind of go with the pearson more because you know they they obviously
are in the game.
They see it more.
Did I say the Pearson?
Yeah.
Well, it used to be the Pearson.
It's the Lindsey now.
Yeah, correct.
I'm sorry.
They're both right.
Yeah.
What was I going to say?
Yeah, that was a good point.
I had that written down about the Masterson guys.
I mean, usually some years you have one guy that's kind of a slam dunk.
He's going to win it.
But this year, any one of these guys could win given the circumstances.
And especially Bobby Ryan.
I mean, you know, when he's gone through substance abuse stuff,
it's tough when you have that issue to admit, you know, a problem
and then get help, but then have to do it in a public forum
like these guys have to do.
I don't think people understand the pressure that, you know,
puts you in an already tough situation.
And, you know, whoever wins this, I think they're, like you said,
they should all be commended for what they've battled through.
Has there ever been co-winners?
I don't believe so.
I don't believe so.
If there is, this would be the year to do it because they all deserve it.
All right.
Well, we're going to switch gears.
We mentioned the Premier Lacrosse League a little while ago.
We have Paul Rabel on.
He was the co-founder.
He co-founded the league with his brother.
We have him on for a nice little chat.
Again, I'm lacrosse illiterate, but it was great to kind of learn about a new sport and
hopefully you folks will tune in so we're going to send it over to paul rabel right now
well our next guest has often been called the sydney crosby of lacrosse he's currently a member
of the atlas lacrosse club of the premier lacrosse league a league that he co-founded with his brother
last year not a big deal he also won two natties at john hopkins a pair of mll titles an nll championship a boatload of mvp and player
of the year trophies and he was an all-star in the pll's debut season it's a pleasure to welcome to
the show paul rabel how are you doing pleasure to be here i'm excited and and i i gotta say you
know being an all-star in your own league in the inaugural season,
I may or may not have anything to do with that.
Jack, you know, no shit.
Oh, no shit.
You voted yourself in.
Shocker.
Now, I'll be up front.
I've said before what I know about the sport of lacrosse couldn't fill a thimble.
So I asked around some buddies and it seems like a lot of people are critical about the way the MLL handled things.
Is that what spurred you and your brother Mike to start your own league, the way they
handled things? Yeah, by and large, that was the impetus of building the PLL. I mean, there are a
couple of things. The first is that Mike and I, and I think him largely as an entrepreneur and
having worked in a number of different industries and built companies, that's what he does for a living. And he cares a lot about that process. He played football in
college and didn't have the path to the NFL. And then myself, my rookie wage in MLL 13 years ago
was 6,000. So I always had to figure out ways to supplement income. And so I got involved with
Mike on the business side,
because playing professional lacrosse was by and large part time. And then so that's part one. So
how can we take lacrosse to the next level? We saw during the last decade, a sport that has been
around for centuries, which is MMA, be commercialized when the Fertitta brothers and Dana White bought
the UFC for 2 million bucks,
they changed it because it was a lot of cock fighting at the time.
So they simplified the rules,
they found distribution for it and then they built their stars and we've seen
the UFC emerge. We feel like lacrosse, there's a native game.
The indigenous peoples have founded it. It's creators game. If, if, if,
if you subscribe to the Euro court Confederacy or the hood and the Shoney, they call it creator's game. If you subscribe to the EuroCorp Confederacy or the Haudenosaunee,
they call it the medicine game.
So it's been around far longer than any other sport in North America.
It became like a segregated elite white sport,
largely because of the college systems and then the expense to play the game.
But the pro game formerly, we thought it was missing the mark.
If it had been the nba
or major league baseball or the nhl or mls then we would have tried to buy a team and participate in
in the ownership capacities but it was there were so many problems that we went in originally to try
to fix it by uh you know offering our you know ourselves to come in hey can we go work for the
league and and basically bring our capital to the table they more or less closed the door on us on a couple of occasions so we went out and uh with
our investors and started the PLL and it was a huge task to take on and there's still a lot in
front of us to do well given with social oh go ahead with sorry no no no I didn't mean to go
well I was just gonna say well given with social media everything has really changed where you can
kind of start your own thing what were some things that you were going to focus on and doing things differently for your league in particular?
Yeah, so we have a huge production house and social media team.
So that's actually our biggest team that we have at the POL.
So we have like roughly 50 full-time employees and half of them are in our production house.
So we felt like, you know, pro sports are about entertainment and
distribution. If you don't have distribution, no one, in other words, no one sees the games,
no one's going to give a shit. So you have to get the live games distributed across network
television because network television largely still stands for, for what we believe validation
for pro sports. Everyone's on Facebook. Everyone's on Amazon. You know what I mean? So us walking
down the street and being like, Oh, I didn't know about the PLL, which is what most people say.
Well, where can we watch? You can watch us on Facebook. They're kind of like,
yeah, okay. I can watch anything on Facebook. Then we're all of a sudden like, you can watch
us on NBC. They're like, oh really? It's like that. So that was a big piece. But then beyond
that was let's create a ton of media around our players in the game because there's 3 billion people on social media.
And that's a world that's never existed before.
So that's where kind of the UFC saw their uptick.
They've seen a lot of pro sports now jump there.
And I know the NHL and MLB, which is like your traditional games that have a lot of locker room culture that's established,
a lot of locker room culture that's established that a lot of the players they see the the light they see the opportunity of building a brand on social like the lebron james but it's counter
culture to the sports that have been built and lacrosse is a lot like hockey in that regard
but we just fucking jammed it we're like you guys don't have a choice for this thing to work
we have to build media value around you and and lacrosse and hockey go hand in hand I mean
maybe not necessarily as much in the United States but Canada I mean Brendan Shanahan
John Tavares uncle like just incredible hockey hockey and lacrosse players and I'm wondering
like growing up in the states is it is it is it different I know I know Virginia it's huge
uh Jersey Philly it's getting bigger in Massachusetts.
But what was it like for you growing up?
And how did that all come about where you became such an elite player?
Yeah, well, Gretzky was a badass lacrosse player too.
Was he?
Yeah, New and Dyke as well.
Yeah, there you go.
It's hand-eye, dude.
You got sick mitts.
You can play both.
I mean, the indoor game, which biz went and had a quick stint
in uh with the style via the nll i mean what happened essentially is like you know hockey
is canada's game as we know but in the summer they just flipped the ranks into into box lacrosse and
so a lot of guys would continue to develop their skill and their hands the canadians and our league's hands are the best and it's not even close because they're essentially
doing with a with a stick and a puck on ice now all of a sudden they're given netting
and they're like fuck we didn't we didn't we didn't even need the netting to have soft hands
and hockey so their hands are so much better than americans that are like more brute force
and play lacrosse game differently but like the the inception of lacrosse, so Native Americans, but it was actually north of the border in Canada, the Iroquois Confederacy.
And then it became Canada's sport in Montreal.
They were first developed it lacrosse to what it is today, which is the field game.
And then it's Canada's sport of the summer.
So there's a lot of like rivalry between us and Canada lacrosse.
We've gone back and forth internationally over the last 16 years with the gold medal.
But the roots of the game are in Canada. And then we've seen lacrosse grow in the States. And it was largely with an East coast sport. I grew up in Maryland, but I didn't grow up in Baltimore
or Long Island, which are the two hotbeds. So I didn't start playing until my teenage years,
or just right before I was playing basketball soccer played hockey played football whatever i could get
my hands on from a from a rec standpoint and then like like all pros as you guys probably know your
path might be differently different than mine but i i fell in love with lacrosse because i was just
better at it than the other sports so when you find something that you're good at, it quickly becomes your favorite because that's just how we're wired as
humans.
Like in hindsight,
I wish I was better at basketball.
My life would be well paid.
Well,
I wouldn't be in Utah doing double sessions right now.
No,
no.
That's why I spend most of my time fucking chicks.
Well, what's unique about the league is the teams have no home city.
How did you come upon it and settle on like the whole bond storm idea?
That's a very old school thing.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's kind of old school, but it's also met with new school trends in fandom.
So the reason why we cut a deal with NBC is that just like all the major networks,
they're trying to figure out ways to get millennials and Gen Zs and Gen
Alphas to watch TV,
everyone's on a mobile device.
And they know that lacrosse is a very like young sport with like the
participation growing with millennials and Gen Zs.
So they're like investing in the future of lacrosse with us,
which was advantageous.
But if you look at,
you know,
for,
for what we think about,
like the game and the way that we're broadcasting and innovating is, is we try to get cameras real
tight on the field that we turn on audio. We have a lot of hot mics and our players, our players do
some really great stuff on the field. So like being able to, to figure out how you can build the company to embrace like the younger consumer is, I think, where we have an edge.
And then we steal a lot of stuff from other leagues that do stuff really well, whether it's storytelling, the UFC and the NBA or, you know, playoff hockey is like appointment watching television and all that stuff.
So we're constantly
learning and and doing different things and because we're like new and nimble we can take
on more risks than other leagues you mentioned UFC and I find that overall in sports the Phil's
physicality excuse me is kind of deteriorating I know fighting and hockey just given with with
the knowledge you guys allow fighting now do you think that you guys had the advantage in the fact that it's such a warrior
sport and now that of course it's going to be on mbc that maybe people will gravitate towards it
because you do have that advantage yeah i mean fighting is a part of and like conflict is a part
of pro sports and whether it's allowed in the game or not, we've all been in practices where you fight and it's allowed in the NHL.
It's allowed in the NLL, which is the indoor version of lacrosse. And, uh,
and, and we allow it in ours.
The tricky part is you have to develop code around it because fighting can get
pretty dangerous and code that's been in the NHL.
It goes back as far as the game has been incepted. And there's,
there's, you know, legality around it to being the first man in immediately ejected,
like, how do you prevent line bras? How do you protect the safety of the refs?
You know, once the thing hits the ice or the ground, in our case, like, where are you at?
The other thing is, in hockey is you have skates. So like, you're moving back and even the mean,
you at the other thing is in hockey is you have skates so like you're moving back and even the i mean the fucking toughest heavyweights no matter skates or not if they make contact you're running
risk but there is a little bit of give and go and and when you're talking about fighting uh on
ground with cleats bare knuckled it's pretty fucking dangerous so the rules that we put in
place around like natural fights that exist is helmet on and gloves
and then as soon as you start stripping equipment then we pull it because right now we still have
to as a new league figure out the right code around it and there's a lot of nuance there
you should do like the the gladiators when they had remember when they had those sticks
and they used to what was what was that match called american gladiators american gladiators
yeah everyone they had those uh that basically happens in the run of play biz like it's fucking
crazy these like the question i get is like why do you play lacrosse because you have guys with
six foot poles coming and just whacking you in your arm and it's legal and it's you know i mean
slashes in hockey you can tell when they happen because it's like you're not going at the puck and you're checking someone they usually lead the tilts and in lacrosse it's like
man the defenders use their sticks as weapons to basically stop you from shooting i was just
going to bring up how you're mentioning like the the fights in the it's basically a street fight
people think oh these hockey guys are nuts they're going toe to toe yeah dude you're on skates sliding around try being in cleats digging in and just legit having a it's basically a bar fight
exactly that's right dude like yeah like there's a chance of falling over in hockey like it's a
straight up street fight lacrosse so then you as you mentioned guys aren't making a ton it just
shows that the game is played like lacrosse is played with anger i mean this is a violent game and you bring up the slashing i had a buddy who's a real good hockey player i was
asking him about lacrosse we were like 13 years old he's like it's unbelievable he's like you can
just hack anyone anywhere you want there's no penalties yeah yeah i mean the other thing too
is jersey grabbing like you know the style of fighting in the nhL, I think because of the kits and the ability to just like kind of hold on and maneuver.
When I played in NLL, I got in one fight.
I definitely wasn't a fighter.
Well, you were a superstar.
I mean, you weren't biz.
Biz was fighting for you.
Biz is like taking the lacrosse ball.
All of a sudden, it's a square.
But like you watch enough fights and you figure out all right this
is this is where i can hold my ground i can sit in the hole and i can kind of evade punches and
counter uh but it's it's pretty safe but you're right like bar fights when when you're not taught
how to fight and all of a sudden you're just boxing it's like it's also like unattractive
to watch two people fight you don't know how to fight. They're throwing these haymakers and like, they're fucking, yeah, their elbows are like looking like pitchers.
Playing the drums.
Baseball.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So there's that component too.
Paul, another element to bring in our listeners is gambling.
You guys are very pro gambling, as I am myself.
Was there any resistance to that from people within, maybe with NBC?
How did that go down? Yeah, I think the benefit of being true single entity and building this
thing from scratch is like, we have the decision making power to do what we think is best for
sports. And so I mentioned distribution, like if you can't watch a game, no matter what sport it
is, you're not going to stand a chance as a league. So once we got distribution down, it became about sports betting and like, make no mistake,
sports over in Europe that have had, you know, centuries of sports betting tied to them.
Like they're so far ahead of where we are in the States and the magnitude and value that's
driven from sports betting. We're now seeing it in the States as it's been passed down from the
national level, the state level on regulation, 22 States allow sports betting for us.
Even if you look at the history of sport, you see like, you know,
perennial comedians being like, if you can't bet on it, it ain't a sport.
So like we needed, we needed sports. We knew it would capture new fans.
We we've basically been sprinting since we announced the league in 2018.
Cause it's really it's a very legal and extended process.
You have to meet with the state department of gaming and enforcement,
all the regulators basically be like, here's our league.
Here's the integrity tied to the league.
Because the biggest thing is if you're a smaller sport that doesn't have tens
of millions of dollars in wages,
then you run the risk of like players fixing games,
which the regulators like, nope,
we're out. Right. And then once you get that approval and you have to bring on an integrity
services partner. So we did it with Genius Sports. Then you go to the gaming operators. So the draft
kings, the fan duels, the bet MGMs, and they have to decide to set lines, what betting markets they
want to do. So it's like really nuanced. Everyone wants it at their
fingertips, but we were able to actually use this time during COVID where sports were shut off and
the draft Kings of the world were looking to bring on new properties that gave us a window to be like,
oh, by the way, this proposal we have in front of you guys, can you guys review it? And all of a
sudden we got it approved in May. And then we just announced a deal with draft Kings, but you'll have
the traditional betting markets and we're trying to work towards prop bets uh Bill Belichick's a known lacrosse
fan and you're pretty good pretty close with him aren't you yeah yeah what's what's he like behind
the scenes he's uh he's a good dude he's actually uh I'm convinced that that that Bill's demeanor with the media is his bit.
It's like a gimmick.
It's twofold.
One, he doesn't like doing media, but he's a good person,
and he's fucking funny, and he's smart, and he's curious.
And then number two, I think it's his way of, like,
taking all of distraction to him away from the team
because he's done that over time,
and he hates the idea that
press can throw off his team i mean the guy the way that the guy prepares for super bowls he's
been to nine of them is like he focuses in his staff on so much of everything not including
practice to get the players situated he makes sure two weeks in advance that the families and the
friends all have their tickets in their hotels book. He just knows like sports are distracting
for players. So I think part of his, his spiel in the media is to like absorb all of the press
and get everyone talking about him to distract from talking about the team. Cause they have a
lot of shit. They've had the triangle of the crafts, Brady, Bill Belichick for a long time.
But he's a guy who grew up in Annapolis, played lacrosse, loves the game,
supports us.
He's going to be on air during our first broadcast window, I think,
doing some color commentating, which should be good.
Oh, my goodness.
R.A.'s got his hand in his pants right now.
He's loving this.
By the way, Vince, how about you ask him about Belichick?
He immediately goes into Belichick mode.
He's like, yeah, I know him.
Like, holy fuck, this guy even teaches crossfit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's definitely a must-watch.
I mean, he's one of the greatest football minds ever,
and he has them eating out of his hand.
And he's like, get some English major who read Football for Dummies
like question about like decisions he made.
He's absolutely brilliant. I want to ask, too, like, question about, like, decisions he made. I know. He's absolutely brilliant.
I want to ask, too, like, you know, right now you have a rivalry,
I guess you'd say, with Major League Lacrosse.
Do you ever foresee some type of, like, AFL-NFL merger with them,
or are they enemies the whole way through?
I'm trying to think how to
Oh, wow.
This is going to be nice.
Let's get it brewing, baby.
PR test for the CEO.
Let's see if Belichick taught you how to answer this.
I'll give you a Belichick.
So we actually don't, we don't view ourselves as competitors of MLL.
We have all the best players. We have a network deal.
They don't have a network deal. They don't have the best players.
They don't have sponsors. We have sponsors.
You know, I think the difference, though, as I think about it,
is they have players who care about lacrosse, that love playing lacrosse,
and like getting paid to play lacrosse.
So anytime I'm like, whether on Twitter or on a network,
talking about or talking poorly about my experience with MLL,
and I tell them, I mean, look, MLL, we tried to work with,
and they have done everything that they've can to try to
stop us from lawsuit threats, to talking shit about us,
to players to calling networks and telling them that Mike and I weren't real.
And we were building it. Like all of this stuff has been on the record.
Yet in the end, like sports about the players, right?
People fucking hate Dan Snyder,
but Washington fans still watch Washington football
you know I mean and so you can have uh people who have threatened or withheld the growth of the
sport behind the scenes but in the end you have guys who've gone through college that want to
play pro ball and so I want to make it clear that like I don't hate the dudes who play in MLL
they're not on a PLL roster we're going to continue to get guys like we did this year from MLL who were there last year who come over to play in PLL.
But from my perspective, they play in the summer. I mean, we, I know we compete for
network attention and sponsorship with other summer sports. So MLS and major league baseball,
that doesn't mean we ignore MLL, you know, so we kind of spend, we call it like two to 5 of our
time just being aware of what they're doing. But in the end, like for, so we kind of spend, we call it like two to 5 of our time just being aware
of what they're doing. But in the end, like for us to build a good business, we've got to elevate
and pay attention to what the real leagues are doing and compete with them. I think women's
hockey is a big time untapped resource. And I'm just curious, have those leagues reached out
to you at all about thinking
outside the box in order to grow their leagues yeah there's a lot of collaboration between non
core five sports leagues and the core ones are nfl nhl nba mls mlb and uh because there's a lot
of opportunity because of the social media era like like you can build a league. Going even back to the tour based model question, which I kind of like went off on a tangent and forgot the question itself is like, we think that to have built a league on the traditional grounds of a home and away city based model, that would have cost tens of millions of dollars per team and then potentially 50 to 100
millions of dollars to spending on building venues like the mls has and that's a five-year build
and we needed to strike immediately so building a business model where it's more like
nascar the pga tour the ufc where it's tour base and you can bring all the best talent into one
market and still have your regular season and still have all the best players on television
made the business make more sense we think that as we grow and continue to expand there's a world
where we spin off and potentially go a city-based model but the other thing is that our first season
we had six teams so if we were in six markets, the sport has grown nationally. You're basically
turning the shoulder on 44 other states. So that was kind of the theory that we were looking at
at first. And if you look at other new sports that are emerging, a lot of them are knocking
on our door being like, how does this tour-based model work? Where are the operational efficiencies?
Where are you guys saving money? Where are you spending too much? How many of your employees are full-time? How many of them are contractors? How did you get an NBC deal? And look, I love women's hockey. I like Dani Ryland a lot and what she's doing. The tricky part for the women's hockey game is they have the NHL.
And so similar to the WNBA and the NBA, there's just a huge Delta right now.
So that creates animosity and challenges.
Like we don't have a version of the sport that is the NHL or the NBA.
So that's where I see most of the friction.
Awesome.
Good answer.
Buzzing there.
You're like a Jackie moon type.
Do you ever get a bunch of fucking caffeine right now?
You must be getting heat constantly for,
for league decisions. Cause I guess you have somewhat of say,
and you're also a player on a team.
So how do you,
how do you deal with that?
It's painful.
It's like,
I,
I it's,
it's the worst part about it.
You know,
it's like we,
we,
we were on the phone,
Mike and I with 200 guys from the end
of 2017 to 2018, basically telling them about the PLL and what we were building. And they had to
trust us despite how bad the conditions were in MLL. Guys on average were getting paid 8,000 bucks.
They were having to pick up their taxi and Uber receipts, bag receipts at the airport. It was,
it was difficult working conditions.
I remember playing down in Florida
and we didn't have access to the locker room
and it's the end of July, 120 degree heat index.
And we had an outdoor tent for our locker room.
It's like, hey, pro sports, get out of the business
if you're not willing to invest in it.
So we have these conversations,
we're building relationships with all these guys
and I've played with them in different leagues. And then everyone's excited and super happy about
it. And then all of a sudden, you start playing and every athlete just wants to win, they forget
about all the other shit. And so every little advantage that Atlas gets comes back to us and
it being like a Rebels rigging the league, Whether it was announcing rosters, whether it was, you know,
getting our meal first on a weekend's agenda to having a better bus
with a leather seat versus a cloth.
It's like, you know, the locker rooms.
But I think that's just natural in sports.
I mean, LeBron gets it in the NBA and he doesn't fucking know in the league.
But, you know, so I get it, but it's still I get it, but it still drives me nuts.
It's like being Greg Campbell and Colin Campbell in the NHL a few years back.
I wanted to ask, do you have any University of Albany guys in the league?
Those guys look like they do side work at Renaissance festivals.
Every time their roster picks come out, it goes viral.
Yeah, we've got a bunch of them, and they're good.
There's Connor Fields, who's an attack man.
He's probably one of the most skilled players in the game um and then there's troy ray plays defense there's blaze
reardon and uh and brett queener who are both goalies uh blaze reardon was was the best goalie
in the league last year so they produce a lot of lacrosse talent um scotty mar who's the coach
there he played at hopkins which was my alma mater. And he just lets those guys play.
You know, we have Miles Thompson, who played at Albany.
He was a Tourton winner, which is our version of the Heisman Trophy.
And so, you know, he's done a good job over there of bringing in a mixture of Canadians,
upstate New York players.
They play like a hockey indoor style of game.
He brings in a lot of natives to Albany.
They have one of the better players in the world right now is at the college rank in
Dehogan, Anatoke.
So they're a group that because of that style of play, they produce a ton of pro talent.
Tell us about what you got going here in the next couple of weeks.
I know you guys are inside the bubble in Utah.
You guys are going to be, of course, on NBC, as you guys mentioned.
We talked before we hopped on here about this little fighting rivalry
between a few guys.
What should we be looking forward to in the next couple weeks
coming out of your league?
Yeah.
So the interesting thing is when the World Health Organization
on March 12th called a global pandemic,
our season typically starts last year,
and it was going to be here beginning of June
through the middle of September.
So it was a 15-week season.
And we were like, all right, we should be fine.
And then as April hit, all the leagues pretty much agreed
that they would be fanless if we had a semblance of a season.
And then we were the first team sports league
to announce this quarantine model,
I think largely because we have fewer teams. So we were able to like build this system here in Utah
because our total participants from players and staff and such 300 versus 1000 in the NHL, the
NBA, for example. So, so we were able to get to this place. And now we're here. But the silver
lining is that because NBC as our partner postponed the Olympics, we originally went to them now we're here. But the silver lining is that because NBC as our partner postponed the
Olympics, we originally went to them and we're like, okay, if we make this move early, because
they were waiting on the NHL and the PGA Tour and English Premier League, if we make this move early,
can you give us those Olympic windows? And they were kind of like, not sure we're going to wait
for the NHL, because they get far more viewers than you guys do. And, and then as the NHL dragged on, they need to fill in inventory. So it was like
an opportunity amidst like really dark times for a sport like ours to get exposure. And then all
of a sudden you're in a place where we have 20 games in 16 days. And while it's not a traditional
season, it's going to feel more like a March Madness or a World Cup,
which could actually help our sport.
Like the NHL isn't going to lose fans.
The NBA weren't going to lose fans.
The NFL won't if they didn't have seasons.
But we have momentum and we have more to gain.
So it's actually, we think it's a better investment for us.
And so what you guys can expect, I mean,
everyone's kind of doing two-a-days right now and banging around.
It's super tiring.
My adductors feel like they're going to explode right now.
And then our games begin on Saturday.
Our first eight games are on TV, and the first two are on NBC.
So 118 million homes, and a lot of people are going to see lacrosse
for the first time.
And, Witt, I don't know if you know this,
but the celebration after the championship game will be done
with Pink Whitney inside the locker room,
and they will be pulling it on each other.
They probably won't be able to see once it gets in their eyes.
I think it stings a little bit more than beer,
but let's just make sure they have their goggles.
And I'll be tuning in.
I think I'm actually going to hop on one of the broadcasts,
given my lacrosse expertise when I got fucked by getting cut.
What happened?
What happened?
In all honesty, it was
obviously like a spoof and we were trying to
create that momentum in order to gain
more eyes on the cross, but I will
say from my short period of time with
the equipment on and just picking up
a racket for the first time, that's
what I called it, a racket.
The cross fans were not happy when I called
it a racket online were the cross fans were not happy when I called it a racket online but it is the racks yeah you would you would think shooting and passing is just so
basic and it would be easy but it wasn't it was a very difficult sport and we talked about it
earlier the physicality I think it's toughening people up and that's probably why all these hockey
players were playing in the summer so they grow some fucking stones to get to the to the crease
area and score some goals what would you do differently in a tilt without skates
and knowing that the jerseys were similar?
I'd probably kick somebody in the face with my cleats.
That's probably it.
I'd bring some brass knuckles.
But anyway, we want to thank you for coming on.
I think this will be great for people to get just a different perspective.
And I hope some other leagues maybe take some advice in order to grow some more sports and look at things a little bit differently.
Yeah, I appreciate you guys for having me on.
I know a lot of lacrosse players, especially in our locker rooms,
listen to you, and they were all stoked that I was getting on this afternoon.
Nice.
All right, well, thanks again.
We'll be sure to check it out.
We're on the warthogs
a lot of dogs there you go i can't read that's all right that's all right for you right there
but hey thank you so much one quick more question who who's the john daly of lacrosse like who's the
bad boy who's the one off the field crushing you? They're like, where is he tonight? Fuck, he's out again.
John, we've got a few of them, to be honest.
I would say Kevin Unterstein and then Matt Rambo.
I mean, our MVP last year, this guy Matt Rambo,
he'll go out and he'll throw a few back.
He likes his Saspies.
Do you know what Mikey Powell's up to now?
Mikey Powell is playing guitar somewhere in the mountains.
God, that guy was my favorite. He was so fucking skilled.
Wasn't that whole family sick?
Yeah.
Whole family is legendary.
They're like the Gates.
The Gates are Canadians and the OGs.
My first sponsor out of college was Red Bull. And I remember like they,
that it was like huge because I wasn't getting paid shit and I was working in real estate and
I was living in my parents' basement. And, uh, and I was like hopping on flights on weekends and
going and playing and like showing up with like, you know, fucking blood marks and stuff to work.
And then, uh, and then I had Red Bull come cause I had long hair and I was able to shoot the ball 100 miles an hour and i couldn't believe that red bull wanted to get into lacrosse
and they couldn't believe it either um but they but they were uh they were talking about they
were like how fast can you throw it and like what's your racket like and i remember at first
like people being like come on red bull you got to know and i'm like fuck that you have people
like red bull you have people like biz that are getting into the sport stop pushing back and i think that's the problem it's a lot
like the skate culture a lot of problems with with smaller niche sports actually come from within
oh yeah push their ego they have ego it's a big time i hate time egos and they're like
i know i don't have a problem with it.
That would piss people off.
They're like, it's called mesh.
I'm like, no, but I'm calling it.
It looks like a fucking net.
That's golf too.
Golf nerds.
Prime example of that, when we were talking about the women's game and maybe some things that they need to do differently than the original concept
of maybe even not do five-on-five, maybe go four-on-four,
maybe make smaller rinks.
They take it as an insult where it's like, no i i want to see the sport grow i'm just spitballing
of potential ideas in order to help that be the case sometimes you need to reinvent things and
and and that's that's not a knock i want to see it grow as i mentioned and the last last question i
had for you we talked about those two fighters on that call earlier today.
Who are those guys?
And you mentioned that they were potentially taking a ceremonial faceoff.
So the beef started last year.
This guy, Nick Osello, who plays for the Redwoods,
and then a guy on our team, Kyle Hartzell.
And Nick Osello was kind of a healthy scratch for the Woods
for most of the season.
And Hartzell and him had a little bit of beef talking back and forth and and then one of the Redwoods who played the championship game made this thousand
dollar bet against Hartzell that they would win and Hartzell took it they lost and then he paid
Hartzell out his buddy Nick Osello started chirping Hartzell and Hartzell chirped back like
I'll bet you a thousand bucks you don't make a fucking roster for next season. No shit.
And so Osello makes the roster,
brings that tweet up, and tells
them to pay up. And then there was a little
bit of beef around, was the
bet consummated and all this stuff.
Hartzell hasn't paid it, and Osello's
been up his ass.
Oh, wow.
It's got a bunch of momentum.
Why don't you guys just settle it?
Why don't you just double or nothing and settle it at the X
to start the game on NBC on 8-1?
Let's go.
Let's fucking go, baby.
That's what I was wondering.
And so those guys were like, you know,
we don't want to take away from the spirit of the game and stuff.
And you know that in hockey is you don't want it to be about you.
But, you know, it's going to be about, you know, five, seven seconds seven seconds you know we'll be fine and it's going to be about growing the game and there is a
nuance so there is a nuance so roster sizes are 18 uh traditionally and because of this uh this
pandemic and the tournament and we're playing six 20 games in 16 days we expanded rosters to 22
in case guys got injured and shit.
You can't like have weeks to recover.
So Ocelo made the extended roster and that's Hartzell's comment back is like,
Hey man,
I don't think you'd be on this team in a traditional schedule with 18 men,
but now it's 22.
So let's hold onto this bet.
And that's where I'm like,
let's just settle it.
Let's just get out there and settle it.
Wow.
All right.
Some drama coming out of the PLL.
Love it.
Yeah, yeah.
We'll see where it goes.
All right.
Thanks again, man.
This is great.
I appreciate it, you guys.
Thanks, Paul.
Good luck with everything, man.
Thank you.
We'll catch up.
Yeah, buddy.
Good seeing you.
Looking forward to it.
Huge thanks
to Paul Rabel for joining us, talking about
breaking a whole new league. And that's such a crazy
thing to start up when you think about it, because I know you're a very
business-oriented guy, but imagine just saying,
hey, I want to start a new league.
That's a huge venture, so good job
to him. And again, check it out this
Saturday, 4 o'clock, NBC, before
you're sure to watch.
Big-time grind. Big-time grind and a lot of conference calls in order to get that thing going.
So, congratulations to him and the whole league.
One award we did miss when we were just talking about him, the Vesna.
I'm surprised it's not like me.
I'm the goalie guy here.
We had Tuka Rask, Vasilevsky down in Tampa,
and Connor Hellebuck up in Columbus.
I mean, this is another case.
I don't know.
You can make probably more for Rasko Vasilevsky but
what do you got on this one biz oh Hellebuck all the way it ain't even close give it to Hellebuck
they'd be a lottery team if it wasn't for Hellebuck he's gonna win it I put my house on
Hellebuck winning it and I got a few numbers here 19.9 goals saved above above expected
no other goalie even got to nine jets defense gave up fourth most shot attempts
six most shots on goal second most high danger chances no one played more games faced more
shots made more saves connor hellebuck give it to him right now it ain't even close shout out
to michi filipovich correct correct yeah we mentioned that guy so much on this podcast,
and he always throws out the best stats that you can just rifle off.
He's a great follow on Twitter.
Follow him, Dmitry Filipovic.
Go get him right now.
All right.
I'll take Tuca because he's my buddy.
So whatever, Biz.
Yeah, good answer.
Good luck to all the nominees, guys.
He's a monster.
Take it home.
All right, Biz, actually, you just mentioned Oscar Lindblom.
Three-year, 3 million a year deal.
He had 17 goals last season.
He had 11 and 30 games this year until he got sick.
So this has the potential to be a real bargain deal for Philly in a couple years.
Let's see.
Haley Salvia in the athletic, she broke the story.
The Senators are going to, quote, unquote, rebrand before next season.
All they're doing is going back to their old logo,
and they changed one color on it.
I'm like, it's such a Senators thing.
It's such a boring thing.
Their logo is boring.
They changed the color.
It's like, why even bother?
I think they should probably rebrand, man, that team.
They should just get a whole new fucking look, new name.
New owner. Yeah, that too. Yeah, I think just like probably rebrand, man, that team. They should just get a whole new fucking look, new name. Like, start an owner.
Yeah, that too.
Yeah, I think, like, just like a reboot, basically.
I don't know.
The Senators was always a boring team.
I'm sorry, boring nickname.
It's like, who the fuck wants to, like, have a nickname of a bunch of fucking dudes making policy?
Boring as shit.
All right.
Just teeing off on the golf shirts and the logos.
We got to give our girl Mackenzie Lozano a shout out.
She made another lip sync video of us guys being idiots,
and she's a perfect man with her uniforms,
like all the stuff she does in the background.
Biz, I know you're a big fan of what she's been doing.
Yeah, she killed it again.
She's undefeated.
She's like memes.
Her and him are neck and neck.
Yeah, that's a definite internet meme romance there.
The Isles.
New Belmont Park Arena is going to be known as the UBS Arena,
thanks to the 350 million that the United Bank of Switzerland
is going to pay over 20 years.
We'll see how that works out.
I don't know.
It's a lot of money to pay to get a name.
Have you ever even heard of them, The United Bank of Switzerland, Whit?
No.
No.
People must hide so much money over there.
It's amazing.
Next to things like Cayman Island Banks
on the side of these fucking things.
Also, we want to send out a belated congrats
to Tommy Wingles.
He retired a few weeks back.
The Miami of Ohio product played eight NHL seasons,
a lot with San Jose.
Played a couple in Switzerland.
He was a very well-liked teammate.
And he was instrumental in getting You Can Play started
after Brian Berkson passed away in an accident.
So we want to give him a shout-out.
Now he's got all this time on his hands.
I wonder if he's a golfer.
He's going to have a lot of time for it.
Well, you know, the golf talk, the golf talk, the golf talk.
I got more disappointing news.
You know, I'm taking the silver lining and everything.
But before I get into it, and we also have a little golf movie talk, I got to disappointing news. You know, I'm taking the silver lining and everything, but before I get into it, and we
also have a little golf movie talk.
I got to talk to you about Supreme Golf.
All, all, everyone
knows that in the offseason, the
hockey guys, you just rip it around on the course.
You get a bottle of Pink Whitney, and
you're bombing around, and you're booking your tee times
through Supreme Golf.
It's a totally easy
to use, redesigned website. You hop on there, supremegolf.com. You're a totally easy-to-use, redesigned website.
You hop on there, supremegolf.com.
You're a clown if you don't use it.
It's easiest to find the best tee times on there.
You get the great rates, and they have the new Supreme Golf Rewards Program.
They're basically paying you to play golf.
That's nice.
You book your tee times using Supreme Golf,
and you earn reward points for every round booked
and turn those points into credit towards your next tee time.
So what else are you going to do besides a little spare time,
besides get into the game of golf?
It's a beautiful one.
It's a frustrating one, but it's an amazing one,
and Supreme Golf makes it super easy.
Just sign up now at SupremeGolf.com slash barstool.
All right, SupremeGolf.com slash barstool. All right. SupremeGolf.com slash barstool.
So 40th anniversary of the movie Caddyshack.
Is that when it was?
It came out 40 years ago this weekend?
40 years ago Saturday.
Yep.
July 25th, 1980.
I texted you guys.
I actually finished my book, The Making of Caddyshack.
First book I finished in ages.
Honestly, whether you're a fan of the movie
or not, it's a great read. It's not only about the history
of making the movie, but the dude
who wrote Chris
Nishawati, I'm not sure how you pronounce his name.
I can give him a tag on Twitter. He also
goes into the history of American comedy
in the 70s, how Saturday Night Live
and Second City in Chicago
and National Lampoon Magazine, all these
crazy comedic forces all sort of combined.
They came out with Animal House and then obviously Caddyshack, Ghostbusters,
all these like basically they shifted American comedy movies forever,
these guys.
But they go on all the stories about Rodney Dangerfield.
Like when he'd come on set, Harold Ramis, the director, would be like,
okay, action.
And Rodney would just stand there and they're like, you know,
go ahead, Rodney.
He's like, oh, what are you doing? He's like, oh, you mean I do my bit? And they're like, okay, action. And Rodney would just stand there, and they're like, you know, go ahead, Rodney. He's like, oh, what am I doing?
He's like, oh, you mean I do my bit?
And they're like, yeah, do your bit. So then, like, they're like,
all right, go ahead, Rodney, do your bit.
They wouldn't call action, and Rodney would just go
and fuck it all, fucking coked up, stoned, whatever,
and just do his whole fucking spiel.
Like, he didn't know what action meant. He never was
in a movie before, so they're like, all right, Rodney, do your bit.
And he would just, like, ad-lib all his fucking scenes
and stuff. And they said the people, like, would get their per dms in cash because this is
the late 70s when they were making it oh my goodness cocaine was still like a potty drug
people didn't know like it was that bad for it just kind of came on the scene they were making
the movie in south florida they said that it was just like a fucking two-month blizzard down in
florida but they made one of the greatest comedies ever. It's a classic. I mean,
how many times have you seen Caddyshack?
Oh, my God.
I've seen it a hundred times, and it just
gets better and better.
When Spalding
is listening, I want a milkshake,
I want a hot dog, I want a hamburger,
Judge Smalls, his grandfather
to his slob grandson's like,
you'll get nothing and like it.
It's just  it's nonstop.
I actually just could throw it on whenever it's on.
I'm watching it.
And it just makes the  the stereotypical country club loser,
it just makes them look as bad as ever.
And I always think that if Rodney Dangerfield,
like if any, nobody comes off funnier to me
like to have dinner with than Rodney Dangerfield.
Like I would have just loved to have spent time
just being around that guy
because he seemed like a blast.
So great movie.
Absolutely.
And I want to give credit,
the guy's been dead for fucking almost 40 years.
Doug Kenny, he actually wrote Animal House.
He wrote Caddyshack.
He was one of the forces behind National Lampoon.
He thought this was going to be a dud.
This dude went to Hawaii.
He was kind of abusing drugs.
And he fell off a fucking cliff and died in Kauai.
This guy was like 32 years old.
He was probably the best comedy writer at the time.
It's a fucking crazy story. Actually, Biz biz you know danny noonan from the movie you know that's six degrees
of separation with kevin bacon i'm actually one degree removed from danny noonan and fucking
caddyshack because i was in a tv show extra okay he was on back in like 1990 shocker there we go
hey you guys are you guys are gonna roast me for. I've actually never seen Caddyshack from front to back.
I've never watched.
I'm not roasting you for that, dude.
You're too busy, like, I don't know,
just, like, living your life being biz nasty as opposed to watching movies.
Doing my own woof.
All right, speaking of movies, uh tenant keeps getting backed up christopher
nolan he's set to release it and every movie he makes you you got to see it in theaters
that's what he makes movies for and given the fact that you know nobody's going to theaters
right now because they're closed down because of covid the release date keeps getting backed up
and this has probably been one of the most anticipated releases
in, what, the last five, six years given the budget.
Yeah, I mean, anytime he makes a movie, it's an event.
And like you said, his movies are made to be seen in the theater.
I think I saw Inception in IMAX.
The way he makes them, they're built to be on the big screen.
But I don't know, man.
Things are fucked up right now.
I know they're
pushing it back pushing it back i think eventually they're gonna have to probably put it on you know
streaming somewhere but i know no one wants to do nolan doesn't want to do that but i don't know
it does suck too and then you think of like you know something like i know this is insignificant
in the grand scheme but we're talking about movies is the Oscars now. All these movies that can't get released,
it kind of is going to lessen the field of what they want,
you know, what they're going to have for the Oscars next year.
There's so many movies that aren't going to come out.
It's just altering everything.
But, yeah, Tenet, man, I think I'd be confused as hell looking at it
because the previews are confusing.
Plus, I want to see our buddy Sean Avery, how much screen time he gets.
But I don't know, man.
Would you go to a movie theater, theater like in a week or a month?
Oh, I haven't.
Last time I went to a movie theater was Wolf of Wall Street.
That's been on IFC a lot lately.
Leo is fucking great.
The more I watch it, the more I appreciate his performance
because those guys are just such fucking assholes.
And he was such a good leader of making them assholes.
But I do got one record before we
close up i rented you know that you guys know danny trejo is he was the one of the robbers in
heat he's the mexican guy like rough face he's like been in a shitload of movies well they did
a documentary it's called inmate number one the rise of danny trejo i blogged it the other night
it was such a good movie basically he got out of jail like the late 60s he was i'm rob a criminal
he became a substance abuse counselor and he gets and got invited to like a warehouse something he
had no idea was a movie set he ends up getting picked to be an extra that he takes his shirt
off he's got all these prison tasks like oh dude we're gonna make you a boxing instructor he ends
up becoming a boxing instructor in the movie in the starting he had a role in it 10 years later
he's making fucking heat with robert de nararo but they go into his whole background it's really good man it's like a story of like
redemption you know a guy who was a fuck up and terrorized his own neighborhood but he cleaned up
his act and now he's like a pillar of the community it's uh it's a real good story if you don't know
who danny trejo is you'll see his face you'll be like oh yeah that guy spend the five dollars rent
it inmate number one the rise of dannyjo, gets my highest recommendation. Love it.
And, yeah, and last thing, people reaching out,
how the New England Am go quickly, not great, dude.
I'm hitting some amazing shots.
I'm also hitting some bad ones. I'll just quickly tell you, man, five double bogeys in two rounds,
that's not going to get it done ever.
That's without losing a ball.
Do you know how hard it is to make five doubles without losing a ball?
So 35 putts both rounds, 70 putts, 152 shots total, 75-77, not good.
So six birdies was nice.
Should have been a couple more, a couple vicious lip oats.
But I'm back.
I'm back next week.
And I'm looking to make a cut.
It's tough coming on here and just saying disappointment, disappointment.
But I'm just appreciating the improvement I've had.
And the game of golf is a fucking crazy one.
So hang in there if you're struggling right now because you never know.
The next day it can just flip right around.
And there's discussions of maybe a golf podcast someday.
I don't want to say anything right now,
but who knows, boys and
girls. Who knows?
Get me excited. A little tease
on the end here. Folks, thanks for listening.
I know it was a long one. Hopefully you enjoyed both
guests. Thank you to Shazi. Thank
you to Rabel. Boys, it was good chat
with you. We will see you next
week. Hey, everybody. We're all going to getel. Boys, it was good chat with you. We will see you next week.
Hey, everybody.
We're all going to get laid.
Peace.
As always, we want to send a big thanks to our awesome sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets.
Big thanks to our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
Keep pushing that pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our new friends, the Premier Lacrosse League
and Paul Rabel.
Enjoy talking with him.
Be sure to check it out this weekend on NBC.
Big thanks to SimpliSafe for keeping us safe in our bubbles these days.
Big thanks to Roman for helping out the fellas in the rack.
And a big thanks to Supreme Golf.
Get those tee times lined up for this weekend.
Make it a good one.
Take care, everybody.
Singing sweet home Alabama all summer long.
Singing sweet home Alabama, oh, summer long.
Singing sweet home Alabama, yeah.
Singing sweet home Alabama, oh. Thank you.
