Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 282 of Spit and Chick.
Let's present the by Pink Whitney for my friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the
Bastl Sports Podcast family.
We are back to two shows a week for the playoffs.
We've got a big guest lined up to kick it off.
The qualifier started.
We've already had fights, an OT penalty shot, a suspension, goalie questions,
a big controversy between Calgary and Winnipeg.
Lots to get to, but let's say hi to the boys first.
Something we totally skipped last week.
What was probably psyched.
Let's go to G first.
What's up, buddy?
What's up, guys?
As you know, playoff hockey has started,
which means tons of shirts are available in the Barstool Sports store.
Dropped a bunch last week, dropping a ton more this week.
So get on there, barstoolsports.com slash chicklets.
All right.
Biz, nasty.
Or is it bone nasty right now?
You must be feeling pretty good.
You're Yotes with a big W today.
We'll be talking about that shortly.
How you doing, pal?
I am rock hard right now after that performance by the Yotes.
Coming out blazing.
Already dumped a few in my belly button.
I know we were all horned up last episode.
We didn't really do the intros.
But I tell you what, man.
It is so nice having some hockey to talk about.
And we got a lot of it.
I don't think you could have asked for a more
dramatic opening day of
playoffs and
Witt. I'm excited to get your perspective
on a few things, so I'll throw it back over to
R.A. to tee you up.
Last but not least, the Witt dog, Ryan
Whitney, off hitting the link somewhere. How we doing,
brother? I'm doing
phenomenal, guys.
What a day, what a day and a half it's been.
It's 9 o'clock Eastern right now here on a Sunday night.
Just hockey galore. I mean, I had a tweet, very simple tweet.
I think I noticed the power of spitting chiclets when I sent this tweet.
I just said, it's August and we have five hockey games on a Saturday
or something like that. I might have just butchered what the exact tweet was like 20,000 likes.
See that shit. Is that technically viral?
I mean, that's full blown viral. And listen,
that's just because it's a fact what I said and everyone loves facts in this
world. And bitch, you talk about, you know, you're being, uh,
I'm rock hard watching this hockey. So have it's like a bulletproof a bulletproof covered wagon that's rolling around arizona
scottsdale right now just running around talking about a yotes game one win i i bet nashville in
that game and i'm so pissed off because it was it felt like it was three nothing within four minutes
of the game starting i was on the golf course, but yeah,
it's just great to talk to you guys.
And biz,
you sent out a text this morning that just mentioned guys,
we have so much to talk about and I am rock hard.
We've,
so we've heard this,
you know,
this is going on 12 hours.
That was nine in the morning.
We were chatting.
So it is true.
And it's,
we have so much to get into some of it.
Good.
Some of it kind of shitty to talk about,
but pleasure to be here.
You'd think we got like a Roman ad or something for how hard i am thanks for the introduction this
week though man absolutely and hey the real games are back honestly biz these games it's felt like
pent up hate fucking like these guys have been dying to play so much killing each other the
physicality's been great and like i said we got controversy off the hop calgary they beat winnipeg
four to one uh of course everybody's talking about mat about Matthew Kachuk's hit on Shifley.
Obviously he's got his reputation.
Paul Maurice come out.
We can run that clip of what he said.
Yeah.
Oh,
it was intentional.
Kind of as a filthy,
dirty kick to the back of the leg.
You can't see it on the program feed,
but take the blue line feed and you zoom in.
He went after the back of his leg.
Could have cut his tillies.
It could have ended the man's career.
It's an absolutely filthy, disgusting hit.
I mean, that's a coach not mincing any words whatsoever.
Absolutely filthy, disgusting hit.
You guys played the game.
You're doing a stop like that.
A guy's really even thinking to try to hurt somebody there.
Is that a situation where a guy does pick up his skate
and you just don't see it because guys typically don't get hurt?
Take us through what you saw.
I saw a million people respond and watch a slowed-down,
high-definition replay a hundred times,
where everything looks different than how it actually goes down
and how it actually happens at the speed the game's played at.
So I actually really enjoy Paul Maurice as  I shouldn't say enjoy, right? actually goes down and how it actually happens at this speed the game's played at so i actually
really enjoy paul maurice as um i shouldn't say enjoy right i never had him as a coach but he's
entertaining for what we do he's got usually he has very he's got some funny quotes um he said
some really good things that i have agreed with here i i know he's backing his guy but if he
played the game at any point you gotta, you're not trying to do that.
You can't even think  I know this sounds crazy to some people who think
Matt Cook did it to Eric Carlson on purpose,
and Matthew Kachuk did it to Mark Scheifele on purpose.
You can't even do that.
It's not going through your mind.
Things happen quick.
You're on your edges.
You're catching edges.
The speed of that play
watch it over and over at the exact same speed the game's played at and if you played the game
you know it is a unfortunate shitty incident but by no means on purpose i i i cannot be convinced
otherwise yeah i i you'd have to hook kachuk up to a lie detector test. How good would that be?
We could pay-per-view that.
Yeah.
He ever agreed to do that?
I mean, that's 1999 and a Pink Whitney mini.
That's the problem with social media now too.
And I just feel like you go on there to even watch him and like, it's just being slowed
down every time.
And you're like, watch that at real speed real speed like it's crazy how it all happens you probably couldn't even pinpoint what exactly
happened to his knee because even after watching the replay people couldn't and from now what I'm
hearing it's it's a puncture of the skate blade into his calf correct well that's this just
speculation nobody really knows I know Maurice referred to it as stabbing and I think one player
said he was cut but I mean would a guy even know he was cut that bad i mean the way he reacted looked like his knee
got caught up correct doesn't grimace until after so i don't know if that would be a cut all right
let me ask you a question yeah that's um um if that's uh who's on the flames johnny goudreau say
right and he's going into shifley is there anyone out there saying that it was on purpose?
No, and the same reason why Matt Cook was getting blamed for the Eric Carlson one
is just it's such a polarizing name.
Now, keep in mind, maybe Kachuk is as polarizing name in today's climate
as Matt Cook was back then, but I think that Matt Cook at that time
had earned that title based on other things I mean
you go to the Savard hit and a few other incidences where he definitely wasn't get benefited out
Kachuk plays on the edge but to accuse him of doing something on purpose like that is just
a little bit ridiculous going back to the comments by Paul Maurice you got to remember too you know
his bench was pretty fired up and upset
because they just lost their best player and what I think
is probably a top, what, 15
player in the world. And at
that point, given their back end, you're
pretty much watching your playoff hopes
dwindle right before your eyes.
And then he's probably
saying that he did post-game
in a way to maybe galvanize
his group and to order use this as fuel
to go back out there and compete the way I looked at it the rest of the game even despite you know
Wheeler trying to take matters into his own hands which I commend him that's great leadership you
know I know the fight maybe you know wasn't as as big a deal as maybe people made it out to be but
just the fact that he was willing to go stick up for his guy
just shows you what kind of leader he is.
The frustration for sure had mounted, given the exact same thoughts
I'm sure he was going through, as I described, with Maurice.
But, yeah, it seemed like the Calgary Flames kind of just bullied them
a little bit.
I mean, you saw Ronaldo and Lucic after fucking every shift.
There was a whistle when they were on the ice,
just continuing to just play that mucky style of game.
I just think at this point in time,
I just think Jets don't really have a snowball's chance in hell at this point now,
losing Shifley, and it sucks.
And Line A isn't playing either, correct?
He left the game in the third as well he
had some problems with left hand so he's a question mark too i mean two huge holes it's just crazy
that you you get into these situations where it's this competitive hockey and it kind of brings me
back to my initial reaction watching the rangers hurricanes was like holy shit i mean you you're
you're you're thinking you might you might see these guys ease into it i mean it was like, holy shit. I mean, you're, you're, you're thinking you might, you might see
these guys ease into it. I mean, it was like legit playoff hockey. There was a huge hit. There was a
fight early on. And you're like, all right, these guys are everything that I said leading up to this
shocker is incorrect. I mean, these guys are involved physically, emotionally right away.
No crowd must be weird weird but for viewers at home
i've noticed they've done a great job in terms of i don't know if there's exact fake noise i i've
heard there is i've heard some people say that there isn't but whatever they're doing it sounds
natural right it's like maybe a noise in the background i don't know if you've heard this
or you agree with me or not all right butA., but I think the broadcast has been great.
Some of these cameras and just right away you could tell from the first game
that this is going to be awesome to watch.
It's going to be a crazy couple months that I think the games are going to be
just as entertaining as you could have hoped for in the playoffs.
I mean, in the normal playoffs.
And not to just completely write off the Jets,
but it's going to be difficult especially without Laine. If
both him and Shifley are done,
they combine for 57 goals
and 136 points.
That guy!
With their back end,
and Morenci, is that how you say
his last name? Morenci?
Who? Well, this show, you just say
it however you want, and then you get crucified after.
Yeah, okay. Well, he's like the only real stud they have on the back end.
So unless Hellebuck's able to pull a rabbit out of his ass,
I think the Flames are going to go on.
Yeah, the sounds  I can't tell.
I keep hearing people talk about them.
I can't really notice them.
I liked how they play their respective teams' goal horns and stuff,
and that's pretty cool.
But the visuals are great.
They're able to do  because there's no crowd,
they're able to do this kind of overhead.
It almost reminds you of, like, Monday Night Football when, you know, they're able to do because there's no crowd they're able to do this kind of overhead it almost reminds you of like monday night football when you know they're behind
behind the quarterback you get a much better view of the game so yeah it's thumbs up definitely on
the production so far of course kachuk did fight wheeler as biz mentioned and did you like the
little panache he put on his glove throwing down his gloves like he was he was revved up for that
he did a little spin with his glove when he threw it down it Well, I think that was his attitude toward the fact that Wheeler
was basically accusing him of doing that on purpose.
And apparently on the way off the ice, Kachuk went up, tapped Shifley.
Wheeler at that point was having none of it,
basically like get the fuck away from him, you scumbag.
And to me, you could just tell by Kachuk's body language,
like, guys, it was a freak accident.
I went to finish
my hit he dodged me last second and that was the result and i can say from like at least a a quote
unquote physics standpoint i guess that in the body positioning as you're going into the wall
as he kind of tried to transfer his weight you could just see he was on the heel of his right
boot and then the toe is what went up and got him. And, you know, people make their own assumptions.
Oh, why was his blade even off the ice like that?
It's like, well, it happens a million times a game.
You just never have to slow it down and dissect it like that situation.
So for those type of people just trying to be fucking pissed off online,
which I can understand if you're a Jets fan, it wasn't intentional.
Tough night to be a Jets fan. It wasn't intentional. Tough night to be a Jets fan.
Tough night.
He did go over to Shifley when
they were taking him off the ice. He did go over and said something
to him, presumably, you know, sorry, whatever he
said. I mean, so I think that counts for something, too.
All right, moving along. Obviously,
Calgary won't lead in this series.
I want to mention we've got a huge guest coming in a little
while. We're going to bring him on. Chicago Blackhawk
Duncan Keith made his second appearance on the show.
He talked to him just before he left for the bubble,
so it's pretty good stuff.
He talks about what they're expecting going in,
kind of the mental approach with no fans, all that type of stuff.
So we'll be bringing that in a little while.
And making a few bucks out the young guys, bringing in some toys.
Yeah, yeah.
We'll get to that later, though.
Some funny stuff.
So speaking of the Blackhawks, well, they beat up on Edmonton six to four it was the only game on saturday to go over the total mcdavid scored quick for the
edmonton hawks rattled off four straight i was kind of surprised man with tippet biz smitty gave
up four in the first i mean he wasn't a couple of me probably should have had but then he gives up
that first goal in the second period and it's like man if they had pulled them earlier it might
have been a different result i i think he might have wanted that one back.
Either way, great debut for Kubelik.
Two goals, three assists in his first ever postseason game.
I don't know, man.
Now it's like so quick.
Edmonton down 1-0 already.
Did they hit the panic button or what, Biz?
I believe that's a record for most points by a rookie
in his debut in playoffs, five points.
Is that correct for Kubelik?
And just overall, Chicago dominated him.
They just looked well-prepared and experienced.
Going into a few of these series, there was definitely a coin toss
as far as who was going to be in net.
I wasn't surprised to see Tip go with Smitty,
just given the experience he has had, specifically beating
what year was it we went to the fucking conference final?
2012.
2012.
In six games, he beat Chicago.
So maybe Tip thought, hey, this guy's got experience against them.
Let's see what he can do.
Maybe that'll get inside Crawford's head.
Who knows?
Well, that wasn't the case.
You mentioned that 1-0 lead, and then Smitty,
who's great at playing the puck typically, ends up turning one over,
and then Strome banks one off him, and then that's kind of the rest of his history.
It kind of unraveled from there.
So even Tippett's comments today, a day after the game,
he said, I don't necessarily think that was a goaltending issue.
That was a more players-on-the-ice playing defense issue still imagine he's he's not going to go back with Smitty
and there'll be quite the response from the Edmonton Oilers because that that just was that
was pathetic like like that even that was on on McDavid like performance as well he had a few
turnovers one I think resulted to the goal the one behind the net and for an off night he still ended up having one and three so i'd imagine he responds well as well as the
rest of the group yeah but the the beginning of the game right mcdavid scores that goal
and i thought they were going to win five nothing you know i mean bar down and by the way people
are chirping me talking about my goal against San Jose
not being barred down.
I guess it wasn't barred down.
It still is a rocket over the goalie's glove.
Anthony, thanks for coming.
I didn't mean to get into myself there.
I'm going back to Edmonton.
It looked phenomenal.
The beginning, of course, the power play, the best power play in the last 40 years.
They get one early on his goal.
And then it's just the first goal, Smitty.
I mean, it's like he's
would you say that one of his biggest skills everyone knows is playing the puck?
He's so good at handling it.
It makes it easy on his defensemen, on the breakout.
But it's like, dude, something happens there on that first goal.
It's like you just wish he'd stay in and not even worry about it.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, live by the sword, die by the sword.
I bet you could put a highlight reel of times he's turned it over
and it's ended up in the back of his nap.
But you take the good with the bad, and once in a while,
it does come back to bite you.
Yeah, and then they give up a power play goal against.
It was sloppy after looking right off the bat like it was going to be
a typical offensive Edmonton just scoring a bunch of goals.
In the end, they ended up getting  what was the final score, 6-4? offensive Edmonton, just scoring a bunch of goals. And in the end, I mean, they ended up getting, what was it?
What was the final score? 6-4?
6-4, yep.
Yeah, 6-4.
So the offense isn't the issue.
It's kind of what we said leading up to the series is that defensively
they figure it out.
And I would agree.
I would guess Smith doesn't get the start next game, Biz.
I don't know if it's come out yet, but I would be surprised.
Another note, too, Drake Kajula.
He got the first suspension of the playoffs.
He got a one-gamer for an illegal check to the head of Tyler Ennis.
There was no penalty called in the play.
Ennis did finish the game, but they looked at it pretty quick
as they have to under these circumstances,
and he'll be missing the next game.
I agree with that one.
I don't know if we touched on it during the Duncan Keith interview,
but the fact that these older, experienced guys got this little break in order to get their energy back
before playoffs could be a huge help.
And I don't know, man.
Blackhawks have a good opportunity.
They have a solid squad.
They got some young guys contributing.
And I don't know, Crawford looked like Crawford
looked pretty good as well.
Yeah, and Duncan Keith, we're dropping him.
I mean, we keep saying his name.
Did he have two, three assists last night?
You know, Saturday night?
He really could be on to something when he said, yeah,
basically they finally started playing him more,
and that's when I caught fire.
Yeah, I think he had three total points.
But I just want to let you know that that segment at Game Breakdown
was brought to you by Dude Wipes. Dude Wipes are the original flushable wipes for guys.
Everyone is stocking up on toilet paper with coronavirus. You need to be stocking up on
Dude Wipes, as Dude Wipes are better than toilet paper and are multi-purpose to use anywhere on
your body. Dude has many products to stay clean and hygienic during this interesting time and all
the time. If you're not using these yet while dropping a deuce, do yourself a favor and check them out. You'll feel so much
better and you'll be fresher rather than using only shitty toilet paper. The Dude brand has also
expanded into a whole awesome product line with the new Dude Wiper 1000 bidet attachment, which
is a lean, mean, poop-destroying machine. And the Dude Bombs. Dude Bombs bombs two-in-one bombs that you drop out of
the toilet probably prior to deucing they create an indestructible barrier that instantly neutralizes
stank in the ear leaving no trace of the crime as seen on shock tank dude has something for
everyone with your everyday hygiene needs you can pick up this stuff at amazon or walmart
or use the code hockey 10 at for 10 off at dudeproducts.com.
Definitely need that stuff these days, boys. It's sticky, man. Sticky days.
All right, moving right along. Did you have mushroom poops after your weekend in Vermont?
All right. Not too bad. Yeah, shout out to the listeners of Vermont, man. They gave me a nice
little welcome package from a longtime listener of the show, a, man. They gave me a nice little welcome package from a long-time listener of the show,
a long-time follower. He gave me a little
welcome package to Vermont. So yeah, it's been
a nice time. I'm actually up here all week.
That's why I'm in an echoey room, because
I'm in a cabin. Did you make sure the internet was good
before you went up there? Was that one of the
house I had to have?
I've been doing the shows here for like the last four
or five years. No way. We've only been doing one a week.
Obviously, we're doing two a week this week. We're back to that. But yeah, I've been doing it from this place for the last four or five years. No way. We've only been doing one a week. You know, obviously we're doing two a week this week.
We're back to that.
But, yeah, I've been doing it from this place for the last few years.
So this is R.A.'s Vermont getaway.
Yeah, I have my annual junket with the family.
So it's been good stuff.
I saw a couple of your Instagram stories.
You were crippled.
Yeah.
Where'd you go?
Oh, you sounded so fucking terrible.
You were buckled, dude.
Yeah.
No, I haven't.
Honestly, I haven't been away since the
last time i was here i mean i know we traveled for work but i haven't been on like a like a
away with family type vacation so yeah i had a few i had a few when i landed what time you
roll out of bed on vacation are i like four in the afternoon up there did you flew up fly up there
no no drive get here in about just south of rutland it's about a three and a half hour drive
not a battle i thought you said when you landed.
No.
Well, yeah, maybe I was flying last night, so I can land it at some point.
That's for sure.
But, yeah, I love Omaha.
It's such a relaxing place.
So, nice little getaway.
All right.
Well, that's good.
All right, yeah.
Back to the ice.
The island is Florida.
This game played out like I think a lot of people did.
Simeon Volamov, Aldul's countryman.
Bobrovsky stopped 14 shots in the second, played a very good game.
J.G. Peugeot, Anthony Beauvillier scored for the Islanders.
The Islanders, man, they played trots, hockey.
They kept Florida just five shots in the third.
It was another big hit in that game, too.
Matheson hit on Boychuk.
He got two minutes of legal check to the head.
I think they originally threw him out of the game,
or were going to, weren't they, for legal check to the head. I don't think he's going to. I think they originally threw him out of the game, or were going to, weren't they, for a check to the head?
Or at least people were sending that out on the social network,
and then it didn't end up  it was a two-minute minor.
I don't know.
What did you think of that one, Witt?
Did you end up seeing it?
I thought  I agree with the one gamer.
For who did you just mention is getting the one gamer?
Jake Cajula.
Cajula.
Cajula, exactly.
Sorry.
I agree with that one.
This one, it was, he's coming across the blue line.
Like you got to kind of have your head up a little bit.
No, I mean, it was,
it certainly seemed not nearly as bad as the Cajula one.
Maybe that's just me just disagreeing with most people, but
I was surprised this one was
made to be that big of a deal at the time.
I thought it was a good hit.
I couldn't agree more.
Thank you, Biz.
No shocker.
The fact that Islanders
and the Carolina Hurricanes
both shoving it up my hoop.
How boring was that game?
Holy shit.
Well, that's the thing.
As they play Islanders hockey, I thought they were going to have a hard time
getting back in that defensive mode.
And, you know, when you first come back, it's kind of more that pawn hockey theme.
Well, that wasn't the case.
They just tightened up ship.
And, God, Trotz is just so good at that.
Did you guys see Tony X's tweet?
He said that game was equivalent to a Thursday night football game.
I thought it was perfect.
Yeah, that's a good way to describe it.
That is a great way to describe it.
And most Thursday night games leading in, you're just like, oh.
It's like Tennessee versus Jacksonville.
You're like, oh, I don't know.
I hate chirping the cats.
I mean, we love Keith.
We love the cats.
Fuck the Islanders.
But that game is just so boring.
If Florida has any chance, they can't be as timid.
They got to start slinging it around and try to play that high-flying offense.
I think it's hard to do that against the Islanders.
They don't let you.
They don't give up odd man rushes.
That's fair.
Ari, what do you think?
Like I said, this is playing out how I thought.
It's a chess match.
You've got Quenville versus Trotz.
And the Islanders don't care about winning pretty.
They just don't win ugly.
That's what Trotz is going to do with this lineup.
But Brodsky looked good.
I mean, he had a tough regular season.
He certainly played well enough to win 2-1.
That's a tough loss.
I mean, I don't know if Florida has to do much more different
other than, you know, obviously score a couple more goals but yeah i think it's incredible too that they didn't
um have a forward play 17 minutes but the islanders that's how even the lowest the lowest
amount of ice time given out in the first game matt martin had just about 12 minutes so it's just
it's just constantly energy coming at you you're not dealing with guys getting overplayed it's just constantly energy coming at you. You're not dealing with guys getting overplayed.
It's just we are going to wear you down,
and we're going to bore the shit out of Ryan Whitney on his couch
on a Saturday in August and basically make you just be miserable
watching us win games.
That's kind of what it comes down to with the Islanders.
No disrespect to them or their fans.
I'm guessing most people probably had on Chicago Edmonton
considering all the goal score and the star factor.
You know, most people, probably more fans watching that game.
What's up, Biz?
And another thing, too, as you notice about the Islanders
is they only took two penalties.
And in order to snap the ice time around and keep that energy high,
you have to stay out of the box.
So that just goes down to discipline.
And you start seeing other teams who aren't.
I mean, six, seven, eight minors in their first game and i mean just even going back to that winnipeg game and i
know they lost shifey so that's probably why they weren't able to capitalize but i think fucking
winnipeg had seven power plays so it's islanders just do a great job of playing that team game and
not even a you know a quarantine and shutdown could prevent them from
playing their style.
And we had a pretty big upset, man.
Montreal beat Pittsburgh 3-2
in OT. This is a wild one. Montreal had a
2-0 lead. They ended up blowing it.
But then we had two missed penalty shots
including one in overtime. It was the first
playoff game with two penalty shots since
1923.
Conashieri and Jonathan Drouin both missed,
but Jeff Petrie scored with 6-0-3,
left an OT to send the Habs with a 1-0 lead in the series.
I was such an asshole.
This is one of those teams I said, be careful.
They win that first one.
Who knows what could happen next year?
I didn't bet them for the series,
but that's a huge win for Montreal right now, Witt, eh?
Eh?
Yeah, it was Price.
We talked about Price having to do that, and he did
just kind of stand on his head.
To get out to that 2-0 lead
immediately makes it way tougher. Then you're thinking,
we've got to get three against this goalie to win.
And I just...
My favorite part of the game
was the Drouin penalty
shot and Biz going to Instagram Live.
Biz, that's incredible shit right there.
I loved watching you follow that, and what a tough play.
Oh, you try going backhand shelf, and you don't even get a shot on net.
Oh, talk about feeling like an asshole.
I've been there.
I missed the net in mini one-on-one at BC against Randolph
for the South Shore Seahawks once.
It's a horrible feeling.
I actually like the fact that Montreal got up to that 2-0 lead
because then I knew it was going to be close.
Sid ends up getting the team going.
Did you see that play, him just staying strong on a stick around the net?
Yeah, and just no one to just throw it over there
could easily hit him coming back in.
It was hockey IQ.
And before that point, Carey Price was standing on his head.
He did an incredible job for them.
And I don't know.
I don't know how much weight I put on that game.
I thought for the most part that Pittsburgh carried the play.
I thought their power play looked good.
You know, I'd still bet the house on them,
but that was the storyline coming in.
Could Carey Price stand on his head and steal a series off the Penguins?
And as of right now, kind of that's that storyline remains
yeah of course everyone's out there shitting their pants probably mostly in philly of
the prospect of pittsburgh getting that number one pick because of everything that's set up right now
again that's that's another element people will complain about but it's this little kind of
lingering thing but you gotta think montreal fans don't want them to win this series, right?
But for a 12 chance at a guy who... Yeah, but I mean, they're not going to win the cup.
I don't know, man.
If you use your brain as a Canadiens fan,
if you're going to think of what's best for the future of my fandom for this team,
you want them to lose and have a chance of getting the first overall.
Would you get a Carey Price neck tattoo if they ended up
pulling it off all the way and won the cup?
Me or Witt?
Witt.
No, but
I'll let you come up to me at a bar someday
when you're going to allow it back and I'm going to be like,
dude, you were wrong about the abs.
Fair enough.
That's not as exciting as getting a tattoo on your neck, but okay.
Yeah, I'm never getting a tattoo.
I don't want to look like you.
Neck tat.
Hey, boys, hockey is back,
which means you'll be enjoying a few beers or a few pink Whitney's
while watching your favorite team play.
And DHM detox is the vitamin for people who like to drink alcohol.
It's the smart, responsible way to drink,
and it's time to start taking care of your body
when you're having a few cold ones. There's a misconception out there that the awful
next day after drinking is caused by dehydration, but it's really caused by the buildup of toxins.
DHM Detox is a blend of natural ingredients, antioxidants, and vitamins that are designed
to help fight off the toxins while you're drinking. To get that next day nausea, brain fog,
headaches, and anxiety, the company is built on the words no days wasted,
and their mission is to help you feel your best the next day.
Biz, I know you've been having a couple lately after falling off the wagon.
I'm sure you've been utilizing the DHM Detox, eh?
Yeah, I guess you just broke the news.
I've been crushing some pints lately.
I was going to try to go a year, but I went on that Lake Tahoe trip
and just had some beers and enjoyed myself but dhm
detox is awesome um i like their product i give it out to all my friends when i'm at weddings or
any type of social event well not recently but they do a risk-free trial i recommend you try it
up i try it out i double up when before i booze and and i don't uh wake up with the consequences
i used to uh when i used to I used to drink when I was younger.
Yeah, it gets a little older as you get tougher. It gets a little tougher as you get older. Easy
for me to say, take a couple capsules when you're having a few. If you're going to be having a few
more, take a couple more capsules. Detox is 100 risk-free purchase on your first box. So if you
don't love it, they refund you on one box. It's a no-brainer. So at the very least, give it a shot
and if you don't like it, you get your money back. We're going to hit you guys with a promo code. Just
head over to dhmdetox.com. Use the promo code biz20 for 20 off. That's dhmdetox.com for no
days wasted after drinking with biz20. Hit them up on Instagram at dhm detox with any questions what's up g uh speaking of dhm detox we
just dropped the kachuk family video on sunday uh part of the dhm detox amazing timing right there
that's just being a producer on top of his game it was supposed to roll out on sunday anyway and
it just so happens kachuk ends up getting involved in that issue with the Jets. And speaking of DHM Detox, they also sponsored all the videos,
as G just mentioned, for the ECHL Player Relief Fund.
I believe there's about eight of them rolling out.
So a big thank you to them.
Another 10,000 for the ECHL players who lost their pay
due to the season getting canceled.
So a way to step up and shout out to the ECHL.
Well said. Well said, Biz.
All right, we had the first series that kicked everything off at 12 o'clock on Saturday.
Carolina and the Rangers.
This was a pretty good game.
Nice tense affair.
Carolina beat them 3-2 to take a one-nothing series lead.
What was great, Stroman Williams pretty much off the hop.
Everybody was like, oh, man, hockey's back.
Those guys were chucking nuts.
Carolina 7-7 on the penalty kill.
I mean, that's good stuff, but you're not going to do that every game.
Ranger, yes, but fast.
Left the game after a hit from Brady Shea.
He's out for game two.
Peter Mrazik was great.
Stopped 24-26.
Hank was great, too.
Stopped 34-37.
Just one less goal.
Biz, let's go to you to feel your take on this one.
Well, they listened to me and started Hank.
And like you said, he played well.
That was really cool to see Williams chucking him off the hop.
I mean, the game had barely just started, and you got that, you know,
the wily veteran going at it.
But, you know, ultimately, I just really liked the way that Carolina played
and controlled the puck.
I'm regretting my pick a little bit after drinking the Rangers Kool-Aid
coming into this one.
And I mentioned the Islanders and Carolina usually being able to shove it up
my hoop, and they did so in game one.
Now what I'm curious for is do they come back with Hank for game two?
So now you've got another goalie decision to make.
I would imagine they try one of the other guys out, but I don't know.
If I could do a flip-flop on one series, it would be this one.
I was pumped to see Lundqvist get the start.
I thought he, like, throughout all the year, throughout the season,
how things had gone, there was a time when he definitely kind of wasn't
looked at as their starter.
But after what's gone on this long and, you know, you come back from from camp you see what he has and how he'd been playing I like that he
got the start and by no means was that loss on him so to me it's I think you kind of got to go back
to him if you picked it for game one he did his job is it really the are you really going to look
at it like we didn't win he didn't do his job some people could i could listen to that argument but for me i think you go back with them and they can't win if their power play is over seven they
you know uh you have you have a unit there where it's like d'angelo's on the point fox is on the
point both those guys can move it they can get it through they can run the power play and then it's
just panarin and the holes of ben and jad show their power play needs to be clicking.
So they have no chance. You're 0 for 7.
But my thing for Carolina
and this game, I mentioned it earlier
just kind of getting ahead of myself
but this game was so good right off the hop
and Carolina, it's like, you want
to see a hockey player dominate?
Just Jacob Slavin.
He's nuts. This guy's nuts.
He's hopping into the play, buzzing by guys,
one of the fastest skaters on either team,
and then he's getting back when the offensive play isn't there.
It's one-on-one, 25 minutes.
Got a horse like that, I don't necessarily think the Rangers do.
I don't think that Tony D'Angelo's as good defensively as Slavin is.
So, offensively, yeah, maybe, but he's the whole package.
So you got a guy like that carrying the load,
and they don't even have Dougie Hamilton.
So if they can get him back, Carolina's nice.
Who did I pick in that series?
I really hope it was Carolina.
I'm going to be so disgusted if I pick the right guy.
I want to talk about Slavin a little bit.
People were upset he wasn't nominated for the Lady Big.
Now, I don't know how much weight people put on the Lady lady being trophy but the fact that this guy can take on other teams
top lines also produce offense but while going against other teams top lines not be taking
penalties while shutting them down i don't know what is i don't know what his season numbers on
minors were i think he might have had like five, maybe even less than that. So this guy, look out for this guy moving forward in the Norris conversation
because I know he's from Carolina, so he doesn't get that proper love.
There's that East Coast bias.
Well, it needs to go a little bit south and start noticing this guy.
He's the real deal.
Yeah, the early speculation was that Shusterkin was going to stop,
but apparently he sounds like he suffered an injury or something.
I know 6'10", our buddy at Bosco writes for the Rangers,
he kind of got a tip that he sounded like he was hurt
and that Hank was going to be getting a nod.
So if Shusterkin's not good to go, that's even more than likely we'll see Hank.
The other upset, I mean, I suppose a big upset for Biz,
Arizona beats Nashville 4-3, take a big one-nothing lead.
The Yotes came out thumping, Biz, man.
It looked like you were back in the lineup for a couple minutes.
They got a nice bounce early, got a one-nothing lead, sat on it.
Dossie Kemple was great.
UC Saros did get the start for Rene, as I suspected.
Rene had started 89 straight games for Nashville,
but John Hines decided to go with Saros.
I don't think Saros was the problem.
I mean, Nashville was flat-footed, took some undisciplined penalties,
and then boom, boom, boom, Carolina had a quick start.
Biz, you're the analyst for the Yotes.
Let's hear it from you, buddy.
Yeah, yeah, similar to the other goalie situation.
I don't know who they're going to go with in game two.
I would imagine Pecorine does get the start,
but Coyotes were on their heels a little early, and Darcy Kemper,
I know I've been stroking him off a
lot on this podcast but he stood tall ended up with 40 saves on the night as they almost let it
slip away in the third but you know when he weathered the storm early Oliver Ekman Larson
ended up getting a point shot through took a fortuitous bounce and I think right after that
it kind of just you know allowed them to relax, and they started playing their game. They were off to a 3-0 lead.
I was a little nervous when Forsberg ended up scoring on a late power play
in the first period to make it 3-1.
He scored with two and a half seconds left, and I'm like, oh, shit.
Here we go.
So even the next period, they came out.
They were playing a lot better.
They ended up taking a penalty, and I'm like, oh, geez.
This is a big kill for the Yotes.
And Grabner, a guy who suffered a really bad eye injury this year,
and I think that people weren't sure if he was going to be able to play hockey again.
It might have been a career ender.
And even going into the bubble, I don't know if the full story is his daughter
would be potentially more at risk if she contracted COVID.
So he was even questioning going,
given the fact he didn't know how much he was going to play
and with the eye injury.
While he decides to go, there was an injury to Schmaltzy
in the game against Vegas in the exhibition game
while they insert him in the lineup.
And he picks off a Forsberg pass cross ice on the penalty kill,
and he goes down and he buries it to make it 4-1 and i
couldn't be more happy for him he ends up getting the game winner because of course they almost
collapsed in the third but a great effort by the by the yotes halsey looked awesome phil the thrill
had two points as well devorak uh chipped in clayton keller in his first uh ever him devorak
and clayton keller in their first postseason game for the franchise ended up scoring.
So that was very cool.
So a lot of positive things on the Coyotes' end.
But at the end of the day, Nashville's got a very deep team.
Roman Yossi and the boys will look to respond.
So, you know, enjoy it.
And back-to-back coming Tuesday, Wednesday against the Preds.
How do you even come after that, Biss?
What a description of that hockey game.
You were there.
You were doing the color for the radio, correct?
Or were you doing the intermission reports?
I was doing some intermission reports.
Of course, pumping the boys' tires and then jumping on the radio broadcast
doing color.
It's a little bit more laid back.
So it was good doing just that firsthand,
and it was fun to call
a game that had meaning for the coyotes in quite some time that was good stuff it was nice seeing
grab and get the goal he's a veteran he's been around bouncing around a lot of teams always like
to see a guy score a goal in that spot he's an easy guy to root for i want to say he had six
shorthanded goals last year so finally uh you know that uh that tandem him and richardson end up
getting another one on the board for the boys
and a much-needed one because I mentioned that third period.
You said the undisciplined penalties.
I think that was just the physicality of the Coyotes that they brought out
that I think it annoyed Nashville a little bit.
Taylor Hall and Rock and Roman Yossi about 13 seconds into that game.
I'm sure that hit will pop up on some highlight reels
in the next couple days.
Yeah, some definitely good stuff.
We had a couple other qualifying series that have either started
or are going to be a little bit later.
Columbus and Toronto, that's currently in progress.
Scoreless in the second.
Corpozalo got the start for Columbus.
Torts said, quite simply, I'm not explaining it,
which is fucking great because he's Torts.
We got Minnesota-Vancouver.
That's the late Sunday game.
Obviously, we'll conclude before the episode drops.
I want to give you a round-robin update as well.
Philly played Boston.
They beat them 4-1.
Halak was in for Rask.
I don't know if he was ill or whatever.
It doesn't sound like he's hurt.
It just sounds like he might be sick or whatever.
And Cotterhot, we talk about Cotterhot on the show all the time.
He had a great game for Philly, gave up only one goal.
The other round, Robin, that got played today,
Colorado just beat St. Louis 2-1, I believe,
and that's them, Coddry, get the game winner.
So the round, Robin, obviously, we said before,
we're not going to have as much emphasis on them
because they're just, you know, those teams.
That's a quick glance by for the fact that Coddry
ended up scoring that winner on a buzzer beater,
and it even went to the review booth.
Did you see it?
We've been taping since it happened.
G texted us, but obviously I haven't been able to see it yet
since we started taping.
Two other series as well, Washington and Tampa Bay and Dallas-Vegas,
they kick off on Monday, so everything will be in full swing
probably by the time you hear this episode.
Also, too, we want to talk about the first nationally televised game on Sunday.
Minnesota defenseman Matt Dumba come out,
spoke incredibly passionate from the heart before the Edmonton-Chicago game
about eradicating racism from the game, a really simple message to get behind,
I think.
He wrote the speech.
He memorized it.
Because I can't imagine how hard it was for him to go out there and not only
do it like sort of off the cuff with no teleprompter,
but to have all the other players there and, you know, know the whole world's watching.
And you kind of make a statement. You know, he took a knee for the national anthem with Malcolm Subban on one side, Don Elnurst on the other.
It was a very powerful image for the sport of hockey. It's something obviously we've never seen anything like this before.
You know, members of the Hockey Diversity Alliance, they don't want kids to go through the same shit that they went through,
so that's why they're taking this initiative.
Biz, I'm guessing you caught this in real time.
Well, I mean, public speaking in general, heart rate 220.
When he went up there and nailed it like that,
I was shocked to hear that there was no teleprompter.
The fact that he memorized it and delivered it as well as he did,
I thought he did an incredible job.
Like you said, an easy message to get behind.
And it's great that the NHL ended up getting behind the Hockey Diversity Alliance.
And also, I believe that they're making a fairly significant financial commitment
or at least getting every team to moving forward.
So there's still some moving parts here,
but the NHL and its players have responded extremely well with the message
that they're putting forward.
And, you know, as you said, R.A., to double down on it,
it's an easy message to get behind.
Biz, you're on fire today.
That is perfectly said right there.
And also I wanted to know, too, Marcus Foligno,
he said all the teammates applauded Dumumba when he returned back to the team,
they all hugged him and you know,
everybody was widely supportive.
He said,
Dumba said he got texts from guys all across the league.
He didn't even know they had their number.
So it's nice to see,
obviously he's getting all kinds of support around the league.
So good stuff.
And kudos to Matt Dumba.
That was,
like I said,
not an easy thing to do.
And he did a great job with it.
All right,
boys want to let you know this interview was brought to you by Sports Research,
one of the most trusted health and fitness brands in the States, developed by athletes for athletes.
Established over 40 years ago, Sports Research is still family-owned and operated and dedicated
to providing the highest quality products that focus on a lifetime approach to living healthy
instead of a quick fix. From home workout essentials to certified athlete supplements,
sports research has a little something for everyone.
So whether you're trying to look more like Biz or give your immune system
a little boost on corona, they've got you covered.
This month, sports research is launching pre-sweat and post-sweat,
an advanced pre-workout and hydration formula, packed EAAs, sports certified,
and sure to give you a little bit of pep in your step during those brutal home workouts
you're trying to convince yourself not to do.
You can check out their entire catalog of certified bestsellers on Amazon
or head over to their website to get 20 off your first order using the code CHICKLETS20.
That's 20 off site-wide at sportsresearch.com with the code CHICKLETS20.
And as promised, we're going to be bringing you Duncan Keith in just a minute.
He did have two assists, by the way, in that Saturday game.
Boys, this is good stuff.
We've been dying to share this with everybody.
So without further ado, we're going to send it over to Duncan Keith.
Well, we're happy to welcome this Chicago Blackhawk back to the show.
Well, it feels like he was on a long time ago.
It's only been about nine months, but there's still plenty to catch up on.
He'll be heading into the Edmonton bubble pretty soon to prepare for the qualifying round against the Edmonton Oilers.
It's good to see you again, Duncan Keith.
Yeah, thanks for having me, guys, again.
It's always good to hear you guys' voices.
The last time I was on was my first time getting introduced to Spitting Chicklets,
and I've been a big fan ever since I got to speak with you guys.
It was a lot of fun, so let's do it again.
Yeah, and I also think you caught fire a little.
You went on a nice little run yourself after going on.
See, there was a little Chicklets bump action.
We've talked about it many times.
Yeah, they started putting me out there, firing again so when you get ice time yeah they probably they
probably uh also had to talk about um and listen we interviewed andrew shaw the other night we had
to chat about kirby doc and his appearance which i think was about five minutes before you came on
we're in chicago how about the guy not giving a flying fuck, the young buck, Kirby Doc?
Yeah, he's a good guy.
He's living with Seabrook, and I've got to know him pretty good over the last year
because we're always driving to the rink with Seabs when he wasn't injured.
But it's great.
I know us Western guys are biased because we're always talking about
he's a Western kid, but it has been great.
He's full of confidence, and he's been fun to be around.
Well, with that core group of guys you got right now,
the ones who have won a few cups, of course you need some guys
on entry levels making an impact.
Now going into this bubble, how confident are you guys at how you're going to do?
I know it wasn't necessarily the best start to the year,
but you guys have been catching steam as of late.
Before the three-month time.
Yeah, well, we did feel like we picked up our play there the last little bit.
I think it was probably around the middle of December
that we started to play a lot better.
And then I think after that bye week there, we came back
and we had a little bit of a letdown.
But we're only six points out,
and we've had for the first three months of the season,
we were a pretty bad hockey team.
We weren't doing very good.
We were pretty lucky to have Lehner and Crawford as our goalies.
They were the ones keeping us in a lot of games.
But after that, I thought we played really good
and we were as good as a lot of teams in the West.
But with this layoff, we'll see.
It kind of seems like it's been a bit odd.
We've had guys kind of filtering in and out of training camp here.
We don't have Crawford.
Obviously, we traded Leonard.
Crow hasn't been around yet, so I think that he's still supposed to show up,
but training camp's in three days.
It's over.
Who's in that right now? Tommy the Hawk? It's over. Who's in net right now?
Tommy the Hawk?
You guys got Tommy the Hawk in net right now?
Yeah.
Taking shots?
No, you know what?
But Malcolm Subban's been looking really good in camp.
I think he's been really looking good.
So, I mean, if he plays in net, I think we're going to be confident
with him in net.
So that's good.
But I think Crawford is still supposed to be coming from what I hear.
Duncan, obviously the bubble thing is new to everybody.
What are some of the necessities that you're going to bring inside with you
that you absolutely have to have with you?
Is it exercise bike?
Probably a foam roller.
No, probably definitely, you know, lots of little things just to keep keep loose uh
i don't really like going to the hotel gyms and stuff so i have a couple little things like
they're not like i guess they're called like pallets you know like those uh gymnastic things
like they're they're smaller but they fold up and you can do some good push-ups like that and keep your
strength even though um it's only for maximum i guess of a couple months but uh you know i get
those little exercises going in in the uh in the room i i actually do a lot of things but
i brought some of the young guys into into room, I think, a couple years ago.
And I had all this, all my stuff going out of my, I call it the tickle trunk or whatever.
I don't know.
The guys joke around.
I got some bullshit in them.
You're like carrot top.
You got your own trunk.
You're like, Doug, what stretch do you do with this huge dildo?
Yeah. like what do you do with this huge dildo yeah but uh no i like yeah i like to keep the air the air clean and uh get all this uh you know i got i got red light bulbs and stuff that make the lights uh you know different colors and stuff. It's kind of fucked up, but I like it.
The blacklight action?
No, it's  I don't know.
I don't know what else I'm going to take, though.
It's going to be kind of painful just sitting around, probably read a lot. You should take in some flashlights and sell them to the boys
because I'd imagine they're not thinking ahead of schedule here.
People would be cutting holes in their foam rollers.
Blow up the holes or what?
Yeah.
It'll be  imagine how horny some of these young guys are going to get
if they go on like a two-month run.
They're going to be like the NBA guys.
They're going to stick their dick outside the bubble
and they have to like  they literally get it wet on the other side.
Yeah, the quarantine cock.
Well, they're talking like they've been getting a few DMs there
from some Edmonton girls.
I don't know how they're going to haul them in.
That's how the arena got flooded.
They were getting all soaked up, ready for all the boys to come.
They're like, what are you guys studying?
Is that the playbook, our notebook?
They're like, no, this is a way to sneak a girl into the bubble.
We figured out some crazy little back exits they don't have covered with tests.
Ocean's 13 crew. They hired Clooney and the boys to get them in.
Yeah, I know. It should be a good experience. We'll see.
It's kind of like the Olympics, I guess, in a lot of ways.
You know, like the one in Russia.
It just seemed like it was, you know, they talk about a fence there, and that's what it was like in Russia.
And even in Vancouver, they had a big fence surrounding it.
So, I don't know.
We had, in Vancouver, we had to go through, like,
the metal detectors to get in.
And every time, they made me go through three times.
I'm like, I don't think they think I'm an athlete.
Everyone else on my team just had to go through once,
so I do remember all that.
But going back to the Hawks just quickly,
because I think we might have chatted about them,
but it was so early in the season, the first time you came on,
but this Kubelik, he ends up up for Rookie of the Year.
This guy comes out of the Swiss League.
What's going on there?
Just crazy speed, crazy skill level for him?
Well, I think he's got a great shot.
Like, his snapshot, his one-timer, his slap shot, and he's fast.
So, and he's in great shape.
Yeah, it was a great pickup for us.
I mean, I don't know.
What did he finish with, 30 goals?
Did he get 30?
I think he did.
Yeah, he's got 30, right?
He ended up with 3-0 yeah and you know he wasn't even he wasn't even on the power play the first half of the year i don't know what the exact things were but he got moved up to taser's line
but he was playing on the third line for for the first, 25, 30 games, you know,
and he was still doing really good.
Like, you know, he wasn't getting quite the amount of goals,
but he was consistent.
But obviously with less ice time,
you're not going to be able to produce quite as much.
So, I mean, he could have had even more.
But I think the biggest thing with him is just his skating, his speed.
He's a straight forward player up and down the ice
and just brings so much speed.
It's nice that he's got some size too, especially for our team.
Doug, as a defenseman, what do you do different, if anything,
when you're preparing for a guy like Connor McDavid?
Well, he's just so fast, right?
So, you know, I don't know.
Every time you see him go by a guy, it's kind of like it's when the guy's
not always flat-footed, but a lot of the time if you can, I feel like,
watch him gaining speed and watch him as the play's going on and keep an eye on him
out of the corner of your eye.
Sometimes that's not always easy to do,
but he likes to get that puck with speed,
whether that's coming out of the zone or in the neutral zone.
You see a few clips there, even on Instagram,
just in their scrimmages.
As soon as there's a turnover, he's winding up
and he wants that puck with speed.
He gets it and it's just like he's gone.
You can't catch him or you can't slow him down
if you're not mirroring him or have just as much
or anticipating that speed coming at you.
I will say he's the fastest guy by far that i've ever played against and
marion gabrick was pretty pretty fucking fast back in the day um there's lots of guys but
this is just like a whole nother level really when with his change of speed his his ability
to puck handle while he's skating and you know use his teammates and, you know, cut side to side,
lateral agility.
So I don't know.
For me, it's just trying to anticipate when he's going to get the puck
in certain areas of the ice.
Dunks, I don't know if we talked about this last time.
I don't know if we talked about this last time you were on
about you getting your teeth knocked out in playoffs.
Did we completely glance over that?
I don't know if we did.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I can't remember.
Talk to these fans and let them know what you're going through in a game when you're in the midst of it
and all of a sudden you get, I don't know how many teeth you ended up getting knocked out.
It looked like a whole row.
Yeah, it was, well, there was just shards everywhere. don't know how many teeth you ended up getting knocked out it looked like a whole row yeah it
was uh well there was just shards everywhere but it was i ended up getting the top four and the
bottoms is a six and in front all in front uh all fixed up yeah it was i mean it happened so fast
that my whole my whole mouth there just went numb and it was was like I couldn't even tell what my mouth looked like.
I knew it didn't.
I was thinking it probably isn't good.
But then I got back to the bench, and I looked at Soupy because I sat next to him.
And I asked him, I said, how does it look?
And he just looked.
I can still remember the look on his face.
You know, Brian Campbell, he just looked at me like he was going to fucking puke or something, you know.
And so I realized, okay.
And then Gapper, our trainer, tapped me on the shoulder and said, okay, we got to go down here.
And they took me down to the room, and the doctors were, you know,
pulling out different pieces, and they just injected a bunch of numbing,
whatever it is, numbed up my gums, and then I went back out there.
So it really wasn't that bad until later on when I had to deal with it,
everything with all the uh the
numbing stuff what do they call that stuff lidocaine lidocaine yeah yeah that started we
just use uh we just use roll we'd use roman swipes around here actually it's one of our sponsors
something that you use to none you can really use it anywhere but it's used for
specifically penises swipes just wanted to get a quick plug in there.
Sorry.
Yeah, no, that's good.
And then, but yeah, it's, it's, everything's good now.
I don't have any feeling in the front of my mouth on the front or the top
there, but there's no nerves.
So, but I got a nice new set of teeth.
So at least I just, I just can't feel i can't feel
them i'm used to it now but it's been a lot of times going back and forth to the dentist which
is annoying you know i still sometimes go back there because the teeth they get loose or they
fall out and they're they're not they're not like those teeth that you kind of you can pull out
right i don't know i'm sure you guys got some
of those you just pull the teeth out or whatever yeah called flippers well now you're an instagram
model so it's perfect you got the new ones yeah these are called breakaway teeth these are called
breakaway teeth so they uh they put the posts in and then they attach a piece of plastic to the post
and then the teeth attached to that piece of plastic so if they get hit hard enough it doesn't
doesn't wreck the the gums or anything by you know just they just smash away break away well
led to an amazing cup celebration picture i think it was you at the parade. Just no teeth, lifting it up, long hair, get the beard.
Just phenomenal, phenomenal camera work by whoever took that.
But I wanted to get into something else quickly,
and that's you.
Biz mentioned you're the Instagram model.
I more respect the fact that you are just going at people on Instagram.
At least one guy.
You check the stats, bud.
Grinnelli, what was the setup there for him?
So he said, check the stats last month of the season, kid.
Now ask yourself why.
When someone posted online, coming in at number six,
under a week left of training camp, we have Duncan Keith.
While Keith is no longer the Norris-level defenseman he once was,
and then that's when he commented.
Yeah. Well, I get irritated about was, and then that's when he commented. Yeah.
Well, I get irritated about that, and that's, you know,
whatever people are going to have their opinions,
and I probably didn't need to say anything.
But, you know, I just  you look at all the guys that are the top defensemen
in the league, and you have to have lots of points to be talked about like that,
and that's fine.
I've always prided my game on
being good defensively. It's tough to be good defensively on a team where you spend most
of the time on your own end. I've always kind of understood that. I remember talking to
P.K. Subban one year and he asked me, you know, I said, you get a lot of, a lot more recognition when you're on a
good team, your teammates, it's all about the team, right? You, you, you have the team and everybody
gets success individually, but, you know, I've always still believed in myself as a player and
what I can do. And, and there's been some times, you know, over the last couple of these seasons
where not necessarily the last couple, but there was a time there i think i
just turned 37 so there was probably three or three or four years ago where i guess a little
frustration set in i think it might have been q's last his last full year you know we were pretty
pretty bad team there we were we had a we had an accountant in net for for fuck's sakes, one of the games, you know.
He got pulled out of his job of doing that.
And it was just a bad year.
And so it's that time where the organization, where we were so good for so long, and then it's all of a sudden like, holy shit, like, you know, we're not the team we used to be, you know.
And so I think I let that affect my game for a few years,
but I feel like I got, I turned it around mentally
and just kind of accepted the fact that we're a younger team now
and I've enjoyed that role.
But I still feel that I can still be at my best.
I feel like I'm in great shape.
I feel like I'm training harder than I've ever trained.
I enjoy the training, so that's not an issue.
But I still feel good on the ice.
It's just, you know, it's frustrating, you know,
when I guess you get  you had different opportunities
with different coaches and, you know, every coach is going to have their guy or people that they believe in.
And, uh, and that's just the way it is, you know?
And so finally,
I think once that trade deadline came and we ended up trading Eric Gustafson,
I got, I got more ice time.
And so I felt like I could show what I could have been doing all along.
And Gus is a good player and he's good offensively.
And the coach wanted him to use him there on the power play.
And I think that, you know, those things are like that with every player
goes through certain things like that and the team too.
And so you've got to respect that and you still have to do your best
for whatever role you're in.
But I just know that if I'm in a role where I'm relied upon as the guy,
then I play better.
And I did that the last month of the regular season
and I got to carry it into the playoffs here.
So that's all I was getting at with, with the, the little comment there,
right?
Yeah. It's, it's easy to do. I mean,
we're on social media all the time and people, they, they trip,
you could get a thousand good compliments in the one little pissy one pisses
you off. I noticed you've been much more active on social media.
Was that just out of boredom with the pandemic or just,
did you take to a little bit more? What's the story behind that?
Well, I think it's a combination of a few different things.
I had the time.
The timing is right.
I just, you know, I'm just training and spending time with my son.
So I really didn't have much else going on.
And I have a I have a good friend of mine that I guess basically talked me into it and the importance of doing it.
I mean, you guys see the value in it, obviously.
You look at the opportunities that you've done for yourself through your hard work, but also just being able to market yourself and things like that.
You know, just being able to market yourself and things like that.
And it's not so much that I'm looking for opportunities, but it's just, I think, you know, a going to tell a story about how I'm doing and what's been going on.
There's lots. I've got time to do it and it's been fun.
It's nice to have your own voice too. I noticed that you seem like a uh a big outdoors guy really want to be in touch with nature all the time do you take specific trips in order to accommodate to that or you just pretty much hang around the cottage all the time
i i just like it around the cottage i do like camping and going around there um but just my
my property that i have it's nice for kind of entertaining and having lots of family
there so it's nice that um just being around family and friends and um obviously yeah i like
being in the water going in the water it's nice to get the animals like i walked uh i was walking
in the kitchen one morning and i colton my younger my son there he uh I said, look at the deer in the water because there was a deer
standing right there as we were walking
to the kitchen to get a coffee. And he goes, oh, look at the wolf.
And I said,
that's a deer.
And he goes, that's a wolf, Dad.
I'm like, what are you talking about? And I came back and looked
and I saw there was a
deer in the water and there's five other coyotes just kind of surrounding it staring at staring
it down so it's nice to it's cool it's different right when I'm in Chicago I don't get that you
know when I get back there it's like there's deer and coyotes we had we had a bear walking right on
our deck right outside my bedroom it was pretty cool you could see the the prince like you know looking right at it just laying in bed there's
only thing the only thing separating it is a is a pane of glass window right you get through that
pretty easy if you want it's like it's like the revenant hey it's like it's like the revenant
you think you think you could beat up a bear, Duncan, if push came to shove?
And it was straight survival mode.
Come on now.
Come on, if I had a stick in my hands, I don't know.
I wouldn't be able to bear it.
Dunks is like, hey, son, we're going to watch these coyotes kill this deer.
You're going to be a coyote in life.
We're going to see how it goes down now.
There's a little life lesson for you. You're going to watch these coyotes
rip that thing to shreds
meanwhile your fucking kid's three years
old, you sick fuck.
You guys want to shoot a hockey puck, please?
Yeah.
No, I helped
that deer out. I went out and started howling
out like I was a wolf, so they kind of
trotted away.
Oh, man.
That is cool to see that nature stuff up close. Bears, they can go like 35 miles
an hour. Bears, they can run that fast.
Oh, really? Yeah, they can
fly. I could outrun
a bear. 35 miles an hour
for a bear? Yeah.
Watch a video of a bear going up a tree
or running. It's very impressive.
I want that bear taking a piss test.
It must be on the juice if it's running 35.
What else did you have for him, R.A.?
I know you had a question.
Yeah, I want to ask you, Dungo, with the lack of a crowd,
I wonder if there are any concerns, not necessarily with you
or even your teammates, but just around the league,
of guys being able to reach that emotional level
without having the audience to sort of pick them up
at various parts of the game where you're used to?
Do you think some guys are going to struggle with that at all?
Yeah, I don't know.
That's a good question.
I think you definitely know that the crowd can  it definitely adds a lot to
getting to that deep emotional level that you need to get to.
But regardless of that, I mean, it is going to be what it is, right,
with no fans, and the games will be intense.
And I think they're only going to keep getting more and more intense
as they go along, and the players are just going to adjust,
and we're going to, you know, understand.
You're going to get used to it.
It's going to be just, it's going to be different, something that, that, uh, we're not used to,
uh, but they're still going to be intense and, you know, to, to gauge that level of
intensity.
I don't know how you do that, but, um, yeah, I, I think that, everything gets going and you get into a series,
you know, guys are going to find that and they're going to be competing.
And, you know, the guys that don't, I mean, you'll be able to see.
You'll be able to  the teams that I think compete the hardest
are going to have the best chance.
I'm interested to hear your thoughts on the new CBA,
or do you not pay attention to all that off-ice bullshit?
No, I've been listening to it a little bit.
I don't know the ins and outs of it,
and I probably don't know as much as I should.
Estro's at 50 now.
I don't know if you knew you heard that.
So you have to give up half of your money.
50? Yeah, and every time you come on. So you have to give up half of your money. 50?
Yeah, and every time you come on the podcast
you'll ask 5 of that too.
It's just part of the new CBA. Don't fucking ask me.
Talk to Gary.
I don't think we're at
50. That's cool.
Yeah, I'm teasing. I think it's like 35 or something
crazy.
Yeah, no, it's pretty
ridiculous though. I mean, that would have been something that
would have been nice to to get rid of but obviously with everything going on with the
pandemic i don't think we were going to be in a position to swipe off uh escrow from
from being there you know probably a group of owners like those fucking guys try getting rid of escrow we'll cancel this
whole league they have never given up that escrow i don't think it's just insurance for them it sucks
yeah no it's brutal i mean you get the taxes and i remember looking at like where stamkos was
gonna sign because remember he was a free agent gonna be a free he was a free agent for a couple
weeks but there was i read that article on TSN,
and it was like if he went to Toronto and made 11 million,
his take-home pay was going to be like 4.5 million.
Don't get me into state taxes.
You've opened a can of worms, bro.
State taxes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's  and then you  because you add on the state taxes,
but then also the escrow.
It's like, you know, he's not really making 11.
He's making four.
It's crazy.
It's still a lot of money.
Don't get me wrong, but come on.
Oh, I know.
Yeah, you'll have a couple of haters out there, Trev.
Not enough to see bears and watch deer get eaten by coyotes,
but, you know, you're up there.
No.
You don't need much for that.
No, that's very true.
And some people can name the capitals of every state in the country.
Biz can name the school districts in the no-state tax states.
He's just like this dude's mastered every single in and out of where you can live
and not pay a state tax.
Just like the new team that got announced today,
the Seattle Crankinets.
The Crankinets.
Yeah.
What do you think of the logo, the team name,
the whole situation of the fact that there's another expansion team?
Are you cool with that?
I like it.
I mean, I think it's going to be great.
I think it's a cool jersey.
I like the jersey.
I like the logo You know
You could always second guess it
And think they could have done this and that
But I like it, it's good
I don't know
The name is a little bit odd
The Kraken, but I kind of like that too
I don't know
I think it's going to be good
It's nice to have another team out in the
west being from bc so i'm sure they're gonna have a bit of a rivalry with vancouver now
uh which i think will be good um but you know i'm excited to see what this arena is like and
it's always cool to see how those teams and you hear about how what the players think of you know
the organization and how they get treated
and stuff like that.
You know, everybody I talked to about Vegas
said that they love it there.
And, you know, the organization is first class
and from everything I've heard anyway.
So those are kind of neat things, you know,
especially with new teams coming in
that you get teams that come in and they
do things the right way 100 and dunks you alluded to it earlier you said the training and how you
still like uh you know getting in the gym how much has your preparation for seasons changed
and the exercises you're doing given just you know how i mean like the game in general has
just changed and how guys are approaching it in the offseason.
Yeah, it's changed so much now.
Like, before I would work hard and, you know, I know I was training hard,
but now it's just kind of dialed in, like, you know,
almost military precision where I'm, you know, I got my workouts slotted in the morning with the fasted cardio,
and then I do hip mobility, which is also another about an hour long,
and then I have a two-hour strength session in the afternoon.
And that's pretty, you know, I feel like that is good enough for me.
I don't really skate a whole lot to be honest with you
in the summer but i like to do that cardio in the morning i do a lot of uh i did it to do a lot of
road biking i threw a couple on there on the instagram you guys might have taken note of that
but uh like i started i started getting into it and uh i really liked it and it's it's helped it's
your legs get so much stronger you're climbing up those mountains so i feel And it's helped. Your legs get so much stronger. You're climbing up those mountains.
So I feel like that's helped.
But I think that I hear a lot of guys that they're on the ice so much
and they're practicing their skills and their speed and stuff.
But I've always felt like to take on a long season,
if I'm going to play a lot of minutes,
I want to have that extra muscle to last
because I kind of end up losing a little bit of weight
if you're playing lots of minutes.
So I like to go into the season a little bit heavier,
and I don't want to be heavier but slower.
So, you know, it's kind of hard.
You've got to work hard to add muscle,
but a good muscle that, you know, you're still fast and quick and strong
and you have endurance.
So it's, you know, it's like a full-day thing now, you know,
and you hear about other guys too, and they're all doing it.
So if you're not doing it, then you're behind.
You can, you know, you see the skill level guys out there,
the way they can whether shoot the puck, their edges,
on the way they skate now, it's crazy.
Skilled coaches.
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
No, it's okay.
No, I'm done.
Talking about all his training in the offseason,
trying to get another 10-year contract.
I had a donut.
Dunks, let the kids play for fuck's sakes.
You're like a grandpa compared to these kids coming to the league now
I feel like that a little bit
to be honest with you like when I'm talking with
Kirby and Adam Boakvist
I'm just spouting all bullshit
and I can just tell that they're just
eating it up you know or they're just like
laughing at me I think a little bit now
like holy fuck
this guy's old
but whatever we get along good it's been good
old guys young guys i want to ask about something it's been it's been somewhat of my pet cause
lately between the show and twitter is when when the first deal come out we said all the nhl players
they're not gonna have a dress code they could show up at the arena wearing with it whatever
they want has there been any any discussion about the Blackhawks having a dress code
going to the arena, and what do you prefer?
Yeah, they've been talking to us about wearing khakis and Lululemon pants,
and I'm like, fuck, I don't even think I own a pair of khakis
or Lululemon pants.
But it's, I don't know, they's, they want us in collared shirts.
I think they're going to give us the Blackhawk logo.
And it's pretty casual for the most part,
but I don't think they want us wearing jeans or anything like that.
So you're going to be dressing like every suburban dad from Aurora
going to the game, basically.
Yeah, pretty much.
Hey, Dunks, you talked about the masks that sometimes you'll put on you'll go
into stores in chicago you should you should think of some good masks and bring them in and
walk into the games get the people get the social media popping you know i've been uh i haven't been
able to find those masks and those are like thousand dollar masks for each one so i gotta
i gotta find where they are because that's a great idea.
I'd love to bring those around the rink a little more.
I don't know if they're here or what happened to them.
I got them from a company called SPFX, I think, masks.
I read about this guy going around robbing banks.
And, you know, they thought he was an old man.
But it was just a mask.
They caught him in the parking lot sprinting.
So he wasn't a 70-year-old man.
Like, that old man's on some sick HGH.
Jesus.
I'm actually looking at your Instagram.
We were talking about that.
And you got some pretty cool pictures of you and Hossa.
Since we talked, Hossa went into the
Hall of Fame and have you chatted with
him at all lately, what he's been up to and
what life's like for him? I'd love to get him
on the show sometime if he can get us in with that
beast.
Yeah, I could message
him there.
I'm sure he would like to.
He's been firing off instagram he's
he's doing he's posting a lot too i think today he posted a story there he laid on his treadmill
watching the boxing fights while he was around 10 kilometers so but i talked to him the day he
got inducted into the hall of fame or or the day he got the call. And, you know, he's just such a great guy that you feel so happy for him,
him and his family.
Like, there's just the nicest guy, you know, never complained about anything,
was obviously an unbelievable player, you know, just offensively
but also defensively.
Like, so hard to take the puck away from, you know, just offensively, but also defensively, like so hard to take the puck away from, you know,
just guard you with one hand and keep the puck and then, you know,
flip the puck around in between his feet and kick it like he's playing soccer
while he's holding you off from the puck. And, but, you know, he's,
I think he was pretty excited. You know, it's pretty, I talked to him there.
I don't even know if he'd slept or whatever
but uh we were facetiming i left the message and then he called me you know so that's that's the
kind of guy he is you know just to say thanks and i left him a message and and then i got a call from
him so uh you know he just it was just you know it's unbelievable uh to see to to play with a guy like that.
I learned so much, and he's obviously a huge reason why
we were able to win the Cups.
Well, I think you're going to get that call one day, buddy,
and we can't thank you enough for joining us for the second time.
You're welcome back whenever.
Maybe we'll make it a yearly thing, and hopefully the next time we do it,
it's in person in Chicago again because we like to get back to normal life
just as much as I'm sure you guys would and get some fans back in the building.
Yeah, I hear you.
It would be great.
I had a lot of fun doing it in person.
It's been good here this time, but definitely we've got to do it again in person.
I'll take you guys.
We'll do some where I guess you've got to do it in your hotel there like'll take you guys. We'll do some where I guess you got to do it in your hotel there
like we did last time.
It was a good setup.
We'll come to your house.
We'll do a crib.
We'll do a crib.
It's a lot of fun.
Let's tell some ads for it.
We'll come to the cottage.
Get the jet skis going.
Get the Kenny Powers jet skis going.
Let's go.
Yeah, that would be good.
That would be good.
Come out to the lake.
And we'll get Grinelli to send over some Pink Whitney for you guys
inside the bubble so you guys can have a few cocktails
after celebrating a potential win against the Edmonton Oilers.
Good luck, dude.
Yeah, that would be great.
Thanks a lot, guys.
I appreciate it.
Huge thanks to Dr. Keith to join us, man.
Like I said before, he's just a cool cat, has a real cool vibe,
really enjoyed talking to him.
That was good stuff, huh?
That was awesome.
And I think this guy's Instagram game, it's off the charts.
He put that picture out there of him looking like the Undertaker
headed to the flight.
And I just feel like you're finally learning a little bit more
about Duncan Keith for so long.
He was very quiet, one of the best defensemen in the last 15 years.
And you didn't know much, and now you're kind of seeing.
He's got some swagger.
It was a great chat with him.
He knows how good he is.
He's confident, and I think guys love playing with him.
So we appreciate him coming on again.
And just the fact he's saying he's a fan, that's big time right there, Biz.
Oh, baby.
We got future Hall of Famers listening to our show.
Again.
Oh, shit.
Hey, listen, we feel bad for our Avalanche fans out there.
These guys, I know it's a convoluted TV contract thing.
There's fucking so many outlets.
I won't kind of bore you with the details.
All we know is it sucks for these Avalanche fans.
They're not doing anything wrong.
These people are having a money fight.
Once again, they got one channel on.
Now there's still a lot of fans who can't watch the playoffs.
It just sucks that after all they've gone through,
four months, we get hockey back.
And it's crazy to think that one of the contenders
and their fans still can't watch this fucking game.
Well, same with Columbus Blue Jackets fans.
Apparently, they're playing the Cincinnati Reds postgame,
and Blue Jackets fans can't watch them take on the Leafs,
at least right away.
So some of these TV networks, man, they got to figure it the fuck out.
This is unacceptable, not being able to watch playoff hockey
when your team's in it.
I said, Joe, we should pick it.
We'll just do the games ourselves.
Yeah, and the whole NHL blackout stuff,
like I can't watch the Toronto Columbus game right now
because it's on NHL Network.
I'm not staying at the house with that channel.
I can't get it.
I mean, unless I want to get it legally.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
That doesn't count.
That's because you don't have the package.
Well, I'm on vacation.
It's like I have it at home.
Yeah, I know.
But you can't say like that's not that does not count.
That's not the same argument.
Well, it's the same.
I.G., you get it blocked out in New York City, though.
The point is, it's it just sucks that they're still getting blacked out
when they should say, fuck it, just put it on wherever,
let people watch it on any platform.
But, I mean, yeah, I know it's on me, I guess,
because I'm on vacation at a house with no NHL network.
Well, I went on vacation.
I had to call.
I had to make sure they got HD.
They didn't have HD, these people, one time.
And there was a Patriots playoff game.
They actually lost this year.
Who'd they lose to?
Buffalo or some shit?
Tennessee.
Tennessee?
Yeah, are you kidding me?
And I had the owner.
I'm like, dude, you got to get HD.
You have a huge TV.
You don't have HD.
I still don't have HD yet.
That'd be one day.
That's pathetic, dude.
No, it's all right.
Hey, boys, if you're an employee.
Do you watch all these games with no HD?
I actually listen on the radio. i don't even have cable i just text the box scores that's why i never know what i'm talking about
for the phoenix the arizona um herald the next day read the box that's why i don't know how to
pronounce any of these guys names because i'm trying to read them on on the nhl. That's why I don't know how to pronounce any of these guys' names because I'm trying to read them on NHL.com
and I don't watch them.
Oh, shit.
Hey, boys, if you're an employer, you have a lot of them
on your plate, especially right now, but
ZipRecruited.com can make your hiring
process quick and painless.
Cafe Altura's COO,
Dylan Miskowitz, agrees. He needed to hire
a director of coffee for his organic coffee
company, but he was having trouble finding qualified applicants. So he switched to ziprecruiter.com
slash chicklets. ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you, it finds them for you.
Its technology identifies people with the right experience and invites them to apply to your job,
so you get qualified candidates fast. Dylan posted his job on ZipRecruiter and said he was
impressed by how quickly he had candidates apply. He also used ZipRecruiter's candidate rating feature to filter
his applicants so he could focus on the most relevant ones. And that's how Dylan found his
new director of coffee in just a few days. With results like that, it's no wonder four out of five
employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate through the site within the first day.
See why ZipRecruiter is effective for businesses of all sizes. Try ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate through the site within the first day. See why ZipRecruiter is effective for businesses of all sizes.
Try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter.com slash chiclets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chiclets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
That's where Death Wish Coffee found their CEO, Pablo Escobar's grandkid,
to put the fucking jam inside their coffee.
You still drinking that, R.A.?
Dude, I am.
I ran out of all the K-Cups, and I don't have a grinder,
but I had the cold brew they gave us, too.
Holy shit, that stuff was fuel.
I've had one of those, too.
Those get you going. Oh, my God. I was struggling one day, and I was like, I've had one of those, too. Those get you going.
Oh, my God.
I was struggling one day, and I was like, I whacked that down.
I was like off the wall.
I felt like fucking Roller Girl for fucking the rest of the show.
Holy shit.
All right.
All right, boys.
While the Bruins tweeted out pictures of the team heading to Sunday's game
wearing shirts, sporting various messages about equality.
It was certainly an interesting few days for the organization.
Prior to the last show, Tuka Rask had done the interview.
He had a Boston police hat.
He's friends with guys on the hockey team.
And a couple of media members, you know,
chirped on him or made a note of it, whatever.
It wasn't really a story because it's Twitter,
and people who cover hockey love to bitch about the guys they cover in hockey.
So we really whatever
didn't pay no mind. Marshawn tweeted at
one of the writers then deleted it
but then I think the Bruins kind of put a little
gas on the story afterwards
they photoshopped the
BPD, Boston Police Department off a
Charlie Coyle shirt in a post and people noticed
it because it was in one picture and it
wasn't in the other
all of a sudden it became a in the other. All of a sudden, it became a
thing. The hockey fans, I'm sorry, the Boston Public Hockey Squad was pretty pissed off. Again,
they're friends with Tuca. Their friends are a lot of guys in the team. There's a lot of history
there. The Bruins have been wearing this gear forever. I've been covering the team forever,
even before the marathon stuff. I know the bond was even strengthened more during that, but these
guys have always won this type of gear. Now, of a sudden, you know, media members are asking them
why they're wearing stuff they've been wearing all this time.
I don't know why the team would actually do that.
I, you know, the Bruins, I've had a good relationship over the years.
But from a strictly PR perspective, if that's your concern,
I don't know why you would even tweet that picture out
because you're altering a photo.
Like, you're only going to succeed in pissing people off.
You're not going to win anybody over by Photoshoppingping something out so they kind of damaged their relationship with i
think a lot of people that they probably didn't want to do this what media members had an issue
with with tuka wearing the hat uh matt porter who's the beat reporter at the boston globe he
tweeted like because the bruins tweeted this statement about how they were going to lock arms
with columbus tuka tuka's interview came out later that night when he had the hat on now people Boston Globe. He tweeted, like, because the Bruins tweeted their statement about how they were going to lock arms with Columbus.
Tuca's interview came out later
that night when he had the hat on. Now, people
added up two and two, but it wasn't four.
He'd done the interview way before the Bruins' statement.
So people, because
of whatever their preconceptions thought,
Tuca was wearing it in response.
You know what it is, R.A., to me?
In response to what?
To me, it's the media members that are  it's like the quote-unquote
read the room where it's like, no, what you're asking everyone to do
is read your exact thoughts in room at all times.
Exactly.
It's legitimately insane that that guy tried to correlate the two
and act as if he was trying to  I mean, what was, what was the insinuating that, that he, he was going against.
How about the message that took a rask began this by wearing a Boston police
hat. He has many friends on Boston police, Brendan Walsh, Brian Yen.
No, they're Boston police. They've been on our show.
These guys are great people.
And these guys are Bruins fans and a part of they've done on our show these guys are are great people and these guys are bruins fans
and a part of they've done many things with the bruins and he's getting shit from the reporter
that's one thing that reporter's a clown the team what are you doing you're you're gonna you're so
you're gonna take off a logo on charlie coyle so charlie coyle's proud to wear this shirt you're
gonna take the logo off his shirt and put an Instagram
picture out.
So what? People who
think that because these guys have police
hats on, they're scumbags?
Those people will be happy?
What?
I think it's crazy too, and I'm on your
side about this, but in the
other breath, it's like I don't necessarily
blame the Bostonoston bruins because
what they're trying to do is is protect a guy like charlie coyle and tuka rask from this fucking
outcry from a guy who has a voice at a newspaper but those guys are wearing that on their own those
guys are proud to wear it listen i don't have any issue with those guys wearing something supporting
police officers and that's where you
kind of lose me in the whole messaging if you're the other side of the argument like this guy from
the boston what is he from the boston herald no the boston globe boston globe it's just like you
gotta like like you can't reason with these people they're online stirring things up to
pander to their audience all day long and that's's why, like to me, to me the whole social media,
specifically Twitter, has been ruined.
You can't go on there and say anything nowadays
without them trying to correlate it to something
and attach it to whatever their narrative is.
I think it's absolute bullshit,
but I also think it's just the Bruins
trying to protect their young guys
at these fucking idiots online
trying to stir up whatever political issue
they're trying to stir up
and i guess in this case they would say well it's not politics it's human rights and i completely
agree but they're two different things well not i have a friend who's on the boston police department
it it's like oh you're standing for this it's like uh no dude he's my buddy i i'm very close
to them and i respect what he does so yeah we can
move on from this but
you want to talk about read the room
fuck off
go ahead
the two things aren't at odds
as the Bruins said they're anti-racist
they like to eradicate them in the game
but like I said you can still be friends
they've been wearing these things for years
they shouldn't have to
I'm not going to wear this hat anymore because the person in the media thinks I'm a bad person give them the game. But like I said, you can still be friends. They've been wearing these things for years. They shouldn't have to, you know,
I'm not going to wear this hat anymore because the person in the media thinks
I'm a bad person.
It's like, well, no.
You know what?
Ask me.
Ask Charlie Coyle.
Yeah, did you have this shirt?
Yeah, I did.
I have friends who are cops.
A friend of my family was killed in the line of duty last year.
And, yeah, if you don't like it, you don't have to like it.
But they shouldn't have to change the way they dress.
I just think that the Bruins,
it was the worst option was to treat out an altered photo.
They could have not used that photo
if that was their concern.
It was a fumble.
Any other thing, any other picture,
but to use that picture and take it out,
you can understand why
by the police hockey team
and by the guys who are friends
with these guys are pissed off.
I think anyone with a brain
can understand that these guys
are just strictly supporting police officers.
And if those other guys
want to kick up dust, let them kick up dust up dust yeah because this shit's just getting painful it
is and one other quick note to it and you know and this is specific i'm a boston guy uh boston
police aren't on trial for anything okay there's been a lot of stuff that's gone in the country
the last few months if there's one city who has really like minimal to no issues it's been the
boston police department i mean i'm obviously older than you guys.
The BPD nipped a lot of the stuff in the bud years ago.
There was a St. Clair Commission back after the Chuck Stewart.
It was major changes made 25 years ago.
The Boston Police Department was ahead of the curve on a lot of the stuff that other departments are dealing with.
I've said long before any of this, year for years,
that other cities would be wise to copy the Boston Police Department playbook. It works. It's progressive. It's the best, to my mind, the best department
in the city. I've always had a great relationship. The country. Country, yeah. And the country. And,
you know, like, you just look, the results are what they are. I mean, they don't have a lot of
the other issues. So, you know, the police, they've done nothing in Boston where they're
worthy of this score, and certainly in our opinion. So anyways.
I guess just the overall point that sucks is like a guy like Tuca Rask and Charlie Coyle for supporting their friends who put their lives on the line
from going to work are getting ridiculed in the media.
And as a player's podcast, dude, I'll take the focus off those guys
if that guy from the Globe wants to come at us.
I don't give a shit.
But those guys deserve a voice since having someone stick up for them,
and that's absolutely rubbish.
So say his name again, but none of our fans go attack this guy.
Let him fucking sleep.
Yeah, I mean, hey, that's his views.
So all the people have views you might not agree with too.
I'm a big live and let live guy.
I just think it's irresponsible that he's doing that.
What, Freddie?
What happened?
Freddie Anderson just made the sickest save with a minute to go in the second period.
This game has been so boring, Columbus-Toronto.
Excuse me, guys.
But I'm watching this game.
Just a sick left-pad save.
Keeps the game tied.
Thanks for coming, Whit.
I guess I'm a golf announcer, though.
I'll have to catch the gif. Hey, listen, Whit. I guess I'm a golf announcer, though. I'll have to catch the gif.
Hey, listen, boys.
Our long provincial nightmare is over.
The Milan Lucic James Neal trade conditions will finalize, biz.
I know this has been a story we've been pounded from the get-go.
The Oilers will transfer their third-round pick in either 2020 or 2021
to the Flames to complete the deal.
Edmonton has until the start of the third round in 2020 to decide which pick.
I know everybody's been waiting with baited.
Thank God that can end.
Every time we have a guest on, you can be like,
hey, do you know the conditions of the pick?
Like, finally.
I mean, what am I going to talk about?
We have the Seattle name.
We have the conditions and that.
I don't know what I'm going to talk about anymore.
How about Chris Versteeg on Instagram?
Just burying guys' fits.
Give him like 200 goals.
Oh, he's been so good.
He's been so good.
Just hammering guys' outfits, walking into games.
I think the teams that are doing the khaki golf shirts,
he's just burying daily.
It's been fun.
I mean, there have been a couple good feeds out there tweeting pics.
They're getting them off Instagram.
It's been pretty funny.
I'll tell you that.
Elias Pedersen, he has some sense of fashion.
Don't doubt about that.
Kind of like Austin Matthews, he likes a funky fit.
Hey, Biz.
I mean, I'm sorry, Biz.
We got one golf story we got to go to before we wrap things up here.
Your boy with the ants.
What the fuck was that?
Oh, yeah, Bryce DeChambeau just riling up the golf world.
Bryson DeChambeau, I think he was arguing for a drop in the fact that there was
an, was it red ants?
Fire ants.
Fire ants.
Fire ants near his ball.
And in that case, the rules official is like, well,
they'd have to be a danger to you, and they aren't.
And so Bryson's just sitting there arguing it.
And you're just like,
this guy can't get out of his own way.
I described him to a T a couple episodes ago,
and now he's afraid of a fucking,
a fire ant.
That's a centimeter big.
Get out of my face,
Bryson.
This guy just hitting the ball.
3 70 though on a string.
So amazing what he's done.
But if you're trying to get a drop
because there's a couple of fire ants right there,
maybe if your ball lands on the top
of like an ant farm, I think
there's some rule about like if you're
in a hole created
by an animal that you can get a drop
near a couple of fire ants
is not deserving of a drop.
So Bryce can kick
rocks.
When you up again with we had golf in the morning.
Yeah, I'm playing tomorrow.
Playing tomorrow.
So, yeah, I'm looking forward to that.
Thank you.
Any other final notes you wanted to add?
There was a lot going on, a lot of series to discuss, a lot of news.
I don't know if there were any final notes you wanted to toss off
before we take off.
No. Discussed a lot of news. I don't know if there are any final notes you want to toss off before we take off. Hmm.
No.
A good overall 48 hours of hockey.
We're excited to be back.
I know the energy was a tad low today.
We're recording at night and the Coyotes played today.
I don't know if you guys heard.
They fucking beat the wheels off the Nashville.
Hey, I don't think our energy's been low.
I don't think our energy's been low.
Just, you know, maybe yours.
Maybe just yours
fuck i've been buzzing you're sleeping you need a fucking different couch you want to talk about
energy how you're supposed to have energy when you're sitting in a fucking lazy boy that you're
sleeping that's my office betty yeah dude you can't you ever talk to people they don't get
work done when they're sitting all comfy in a fucking love seat. I get work done when I'm sitting comfy, you piece of shit.
I know.
Don't you come at me.
Anyway, we love you guys.
Hopefully you enjoyed today's episode.
We're back to two a week.
Hopefully you're happy.
Rick from Red Deer is buzzing.
See you Thursday.
Have a good week, everybody.
As always, we want to thank our great sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets.
Big thanks to our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Dude Wipes for keeping us nice and clean and fresh
this sticky summer.
Big thanks to our friends over at DHM Detox for helping us out during quarantine.
Big thanks to everyone over at Sweet Sweat.
Hopefully you're checking that out at Sports Research.
And a big thanks to our longtime buddies over at Zip Recruiter.
Please check out our sponsors and have a great week, everybody.
Just a bit It's like I'm down She beat that I don't understand. It's all right. It's all right. All right.
Keep moving in mysterious ways.
