Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. hello everybody welcome to episode 283 of spitting chicklets presented by pink whitney
for my friends at new amsterdam vodka here in the barstool sports podcast family well we're
knee deep in it now teams are already moving. Teams already on the brink. Teams already losing top seeds from the regular season.
But first, let's say hello to the fellas.
Producer Mikey Grinelli with the flow.
What's going on, brother?
The flow and the mustache.
Just slinging T-shirts and grilling me over mustache.
You look like Uncle Rico.
He does all the time.
You look like Uncle Rico,
but you couldn't throw the football over the mountain
no chance well despite the mean comments from you guys i'm doing great and uh i'm excited i'm
excited for the episode it's got his new view he got a new new place right g oh it's awesome
awesome shout out to big cat hooking me up with some great movers but we're all moved in and uh
ready to go why don't you tell everyone your address, Mikey? Look at that view, Whit. Look at that view. What are we
paying this guy? This guy's got
a penthouse. He's got a Rolex and that view
and that mustache. That could get him
just in the same prison cell
Epstein was in. 1980s, got the
static kid.
You're living next to Avery now.
Just don't park in the bike lane, buddy.
By the way, so Avery and what's up, guys?
Did you say hello to me?
I didn't, but hello, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on?
Hey, guys.
Thank you very much.
So I saw Avery on Instagram Live with his baby.
He's phenomenal on there.
The kid's so cute.
So just seeing him being a dad, you're like, whoa, times have changed.
Can I tell a story real quick?
I texted this to Biz the other day, but I was skating across New York the other day,
and I'm going down a street, and I see these kids.
These kids are coming down the street.
They've, like, taken over the road.
I'd say, like, 10 skateboarders.
Just they own the road at this point.
And I see this beautiful  I don't know.
I'm not going to say what type of car it is,
but this beautiful, beautiful car behind him.
And I'm like, oh, who is that? I'm not going to say what type of car it is but this beautiful beautiful car behind him and i'm like oh who was
the car i'm not gonna say i'm not gonna say what type of car it's avery's car but how did you
describe the car it was gorgeous fucking gorgeous and i so i skate by and i hear this yelling and
i'm like who who is yelling right now and as i skate towards this beautiful car it's sean avery
hanging his head out the window yelling at these skateboarders that
that are in the middle of the street you were there and i was there yeah we didn't see you
right he had no clue and the funny thing was was i decided to skate by avery's house and i sometimes
do this and i'm like maybe i'll bump into sean avery and like we can have a conversation and i
can get some content out of it but right as i I pulled my phone out, he pulled away, and I didn't get anything from it.
This guy is just terrorizing the streets.
He's unbelievable.
He's dying for tenets.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Last but not least, our buddy out in the desert, Paul Biznasty.
We'll be getting to your 48-hour erection shortly,
but how are we doing for us in the meantime?
Boys, we have like a million games to talk about.
My brain's going to explode.
It's like when getting ready for the show,
I'm like that always sunny gif with the guy playing ball.
Yeah.
You're just pre-warning everyone that, you know,
you may just be a little slow this episode.
You also work today.
I saw you behind the camera, and I get these pictures sent to me,
these still images of you on
tv looking as fucked up as i've ever seen you look like so focused yet maybe on shrooms okay no no no
no shrooms no nothing wow you're just you're just looking so like into it well okay because normally
we do it at the fox desk all together and it's so much easier because you're having the conversation,
you're looking at the guys, and you're chumming them up.
Now I've got to stare into the camera, but they've got these lights
because they have to have the lights on in order to get the call.
So I'm just looking in the headlights the whole time,
and it's fucking with my brain, and I'm trying to get my thought out.
I've been brutal on television so far.
You had the one good line today about um
i think you dropped an ass bomb yeah i dropped something and then you know you said well if we
get fined i'm not paying it so i thought that was entertaining like you were quick on your
jigglets rules on tv for this yeah but it's uh tv's hard ass on tv is difficult because you have to get out your thought boom if I skip over once I'm like
oh no
what was I even talking about
shut it off
and you're on live
and that's what's going on in your brain
and it sucks
and it's hell
but I'm trying to get through it
I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts
on all the games
the million games you talked about.
Oh, yo, it's up 2-1.
How are you?
We are.
Hey, but we have our first team to move on to the original 16
as Carolina grabbed the momentum from last year's Eastern Conference final run
and thoroughly outplayed the New York Rangers in a three-game sweep.
Peter Morazic and James Rima outplayed Hank and Chesterkin.
Svechan Aho absolutely abused the Rangers.
Those two are so fucking good.
These guys are absolute studs, absolute stars.
Rangers were made quick work of.
Whit, Doug, let's go to you first.
All right.
I hope what I'm about to say makes sense because I'm going to try to word it
and make you guys understand what I mean.
Oh, we'll let you know.
I'm actually going to say what Conor McDavid's doing is incredible.
What we've seen  and, yeah, I know.
Hold on.
We're not talking about the Edmonton Royals.
But listen, just hear me out, Biss.
I can see you're confused.
Conor McDavid right now is just dominating this game.
It seems like only he can at times,
right?
Like not many people can do what he does anymore or not anymore.
Just ever.
Why do I bring him up though?
Because he's actually the second best player in the playoff so far.
Sebastian Ajo.
Yeah.
What a hot take.
This guy is so nasty.
So fun to watch.
He's a little water bug out there that has jets, sick skills, amazing hands.
This guy's hands, he's knocking pucks out of midair.
He's just making plays that few others can make.
So this Carolina team has taken this next step.
And I know Shvetchnikov was sick, but I mean, the hat trick he had,
which was the first hat trick in Hurricanes playoff history.
I was shocked by that.
Franchise history going back to the Whalers, going back to 1979.
The Whalers didn't have one in the P-offs.
No.
That's the difference between franchise history and team history.
Franchises, the franchise, no matter what the name was,
team is only under that team.
So, I was surprised, too, with all those high-scoring 80s games
that Ray Ferraro or fucking Pat Verbeek never had one.
RA just dunked on you.
Sorry about that.
Keep going.
I mean, if you want to call just a flat-out interruption a dunked on,
then yeah, that's the award you'll win.
You guys win all year.
You two just interrupt me all the time.
I'd say RA gets it the worst of all of us.
Oh, please.
Not even close second.
I think I've interrupted R.A. 379,000 times.
Interruption Bukkake.
Okay, well, let me get to Ajo.
Let me get to Ajo because he flies around, right?
And it just seems like, all right, well, why don't you hit him?
You can't even touch the guy.
He was so dominant, and I know they got that top line,
but now whoever plays the Hurricanes, and Biz, I want to get your opinion,
but whoever plays the Hurricanes is in one next round.
They are in one, and it could be the Bruins, correct?
If Montreal beats Pittsburgh, it would be Carolina
that play the Bruins in the first round, if my math is correct.
Well, I mean, start with Ajo, and the guy hasn't even hit puberty yet.
If you've seen him, he looks like he's 16 years old,
and this guy's dominating the playoffs.
Anyway, my overall assessment,
and this is not meant as an insult to the Rangers,
although it may come off as one,
they were completely outclassed in that series.
Dummied.
They were not prepared for playoff hockey,
nor did they deserve to advance.
And I could not have been more wrong on my prediction.
And the reason I was...
You picked the Rangers?
I picked the Rangers.
And I'm going to tell you how I got there, though, Whit,
is I had this idea in my head, you know, maybe this is Hank's last season with the Rangers. And I'm going to tell you how I got there though, with is I had this idea in my head, you know,
maybe this is Hank's last season with the Rangers and maybe Quinn would decide
to play in that first game. It ended up happening.
And maybe he stood on his head and all of a sudden the Rangers team kind of got
this, you know, bout of confidence. And we're like, yeah, you know,
maybe we can go on a run with Hank.
And this idea took off my brain and it kind of dumbed me down
to decide that I'm going to pick the Rangers over the Carolina Hurricanes.
And as I said, I could not be more wrong.
Rod the Bod just stomped on my thought process
of how the Hank was going to lead him to the promised land.
And that is a coach that just had his team prepared to play.
They have not skipped one beat um and this
is without Dougie Hamilton you talked about Slavin last podcast and Pesci's out too Pesci's out
exactly and and the fact that they're just able to do it in game three with their backup goaltender
mind you I thought Reimer was tremendous in the first two periods and really kept them in that
game but they still end up taking care of business out in three, moving on.
And whoever's playing against them, look out because I could see them.
To me right now, they're a top eight team in the league
by watching them play.
Yeah, and maybe like the Rangers were the team that we saw earlier in the year
as opposed to when they kind of caught fire
and were playing better before everything, you know,
the season came to a halt.
So maybe they, you know, they really did have an edge,
like, matchups-wise.
But Panarin, if he's not kind of dominating,
like, how are the Rangers going to compete at a high level?
Like, and Zbigniew, he had a goal in the series,
but it wasn't like those two.
I mean, those games right before in March,
they were crushing it.
Zibanejad had a five-point game.
Panarin, everyone was basically saying this guy should win the MVP.
He's a legit candidate with Dreitzel.
Good pronunciation right there.
I just  the Canes are rod brindamore
as a team they're like he it's you can tell exactly that he coaches them the the the exact
way that he played which is just tenacious just hounding the puck they actually possess the puck
if you're talking analytics yeah i'm bringing analytics to the mix. They're a strong possession team, Biz Nasty.
They always hold on to the
puck, and that's because they get it back so quickly
for checking. They cause turnovers.
They get it back. They start cycling.
And, you know, like Jordan
Stahl's been in the league a long time. That guy's a horse.
He's just one of these bigger bodies
they have.
Excuse me. Not Teravine.
What's his name?
I'm drawing a blank.
You go.
Sveshnikov?
No.
No, another guy.
Not on the top line.
No, not Warren Fogle McLovin.
That was McLovin's name in the movie, right?
I don't know.
I think it was Fogle.
I don't know if it was Warren.
Fogle, hi.
What's up, gang?
What's up, gang?
Anyways, Carolina absolutely
Snuffed them out how about Ajo
Three goals five assists eight points in just three games
He's got 18
Career playoff games he's already got 20 points
I think a big storyline
Too is also Hank Lundquist
Did we see his last game in a Rangers uniform
Here's the deal he's got one more year
Left at 8.5 mil he's got a full no move
Cause so he doesn't go anywhere if he doesn't want to.
I don't think he wants to go anywhere, but I don't know if you've got a team
who might have his contract, change his scenery, whatever.
I said they should have traded him years ago, but either way,
the goaltending was a huge difference here, and hats off to Peter Morazic
because he did an unreal job there.
Yeah, he did.
Wait, can we talk about Brendan Lemieux?
So that was my first time ever getting to watch him
and really digest his play.
So the first sequence, obviously, I turn it on, he draws a penalty,
snaps his head back.
A bit of a dive.
You know when you snap your head back when you didn't really get punched
that hard, so he draws the two.
So then I'm like, man, I haven't really watched this guy play.
I've got to see what he's about.
So I start iso-camming him.
Next shift against McGinn was the guy across from him for the Hurricanes.
Right off the faceoff, cross check right to the hip.
Piece of shit.
He is a piece of shit out there.
Then they had that nice sequence where he almost scored,
and I tweeted out kind of getting the feelings uh from the rangers
fan on what they think of him and they seem to think that he brings that type of energy every
night so if this guy can learn how to put the puck in the back of that and give you 2020 and then be
as big of a piece of shit out there as he seemed to be at least in in the last game i just watched
that's a good fucking little player and and it seems like the type of guy who shows up in crunch
time i thought not having him for the first two games was a bit of a factor because he seemed to be
effective out there a lot of people think i'm crazy but uh maybe i'd head with the latter
oh okay okay so hold on we got to go into the rangers just a little bit and
you're seeing things out there that that possibly lungquistires. I think we all can say he's played his last game as a New York Ranger.
I just don't see how he's back there next year.
And what a run.
I mean, the Kings had there.
He's just  what was it, 2005 his rookie year, R.A.?
Do you know off the top of your head?
Was it my rookie year?
It also depends on what your plan is with their two goalies
that they have ahead of them right now are.
Like if you're going to hand the starting job over to Shusterk,
if that's how you pronounce it,
then maybe having Hank to groom him for one more year doesn't hurt.
And the other goalie is a valuable asset right now.
They can add a significant piece up front or on the back end
if somebody's in desperate need of a goaltender.
And I could think of a few teams off the top of my head.
He broke in 05-06.
And as far as next year, like I said, Hank's still under contract for 8.5.
Shuster can his sign next year.
George, you have Horgiev, however you say it.
He's restricted.
Horgiev.
I don't know.
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Back it up.
Back up that truck.
Beep, beep, beep.
Horgiev?
I mean, they put a little too much Ruski on it.
Yeah, Horgiev, I don't know.
That was Georgiev, Georgiev.
What was the other one you had,
one of your all-time fuck-up pronunciations of a player's name.
Biz, who was it?
I don't know.
I got Shvetstakov's right today, though.
Let's just clear one thing.
That guy's got to be on the gas.
Oh, no, R.A., it was Joe Carrot.
Joe Carrot, yeah, Joe Carrot.
Yeah, Joe Carrot.
Joe Carrot, the hockey team in Helsinki.
Whit mentioned Connor McDavid a few minutes ago,
and he scored one of the filthiest goals of the playoffs we've seen so far.
Breast in the zone, full stride,
while bouncing in, corraling the puck at the same time with the stick.
Beats Crawford with the filthiest roof shot.
Like, he had the puck on the string.
You know, I know the old proverb there.
Edmonton wins the game, ties the series.
The game three is actually tonight after we tape at 1030 on Wednesday.
Biz, what was your take on that goal?
I mean, that was just to do it at that speed and everything at once.
It's like watching a transformer turn into whatever the transformer turns into.
You just jar on the floor.
In their respective sport, based on that,
he's the most electrifying athlete in the world right now i say that
confidently the fact that a player has been gifted with i would say he's the fastest player on skates
we've ever seen there might be a couple copper bowls like like pavel beret but to be that
fucking fast but also have hands to match it is
it doesn't make sense.
You saw it in slow-mo.
The puck was everywhere.
It looked like a lacrosse ball out there,
and he is just like ticking, tacking it to put it exactly in front of him
where he needs it in order to make the moves.
And then as subtly as he went to the backhand and just tapped away at it
and it somehow like  it's like one of those ping pong shots
where it goes past the side of the net.
And it just finds that top right corner.
It's just like, and the fact that we get to see that on most nights,
a most electrifying athlete on the planet.
And he was obviously a little pissed off about his performance game one,
although he did put up one and three.
He did have a few blunders defensively.
He put the team on his back and won game two for the Oilers.
How awesome is it when you think you had an off game,
you're disappointing yourself, but you had one and three?
That's the ultimate I had my guy.
I kind of did have my guy, though.
Even though I didn't have my guy, I kind of did.
So what a life.
You get to be disappointed after that.
Oh, shucks.
What a tough game.
But you said it perfectly, Biz.
The goal that that goal was the fact that I think there was just enough room
to fit the puck in there when he went backhand bar down.
And he just did it so quickly.
Also, the crossovers he's pulling off as he's taking
these d-men wide and he's sticking his leg out and then the d-man you can tell so quickly knows
oh he's not like he's getting inside me and getting a chance in front of the net i have not
gotten to the post you know what i'm saying i have not cut this man off one bit i'm done and then he
just he just picks the corner it's the same thing that kucherov goal against
washington was filth he does that little stutter step he goes to the forehand and just rips one
back across holpe and just bar down in the one little area that that the puck could have gone
it so the skill the skill you're seeing i do think the camera works sick you're seeing some
different things especially on replay.
That's great.
But McDavid is, it's no joke, man.
It's every single night.
I mean, the funniest thing is Duncan Keith's telling us he's,
you can't even describe how fast this guy is.
And they're playing against each other and you're just witnessing it.
He just knew exactly what was going to happen.
He probably figured I might as well get ahead of this.
If he catches me on one of those taking me outside,
cutting across highlight reel McDavid goals,
I was out there saying I knew it could happen.
Kind of like right before you ran into Fleury
when you were doing those crossovers, like pistons, you described them.
Yeah, McDavid's pistons are a little like mine
when I was going back for that puck that Fleury was leaving for me.
Wronger ankles. What's up, R.A.? What do you got? What did you see? a little like mine when I was going back for that puck that Fleury was leaving for me.
Wronger ankles.
What's up, R.A.?
What do you got?
What did you see?
Mikko Koskinen got his first ever NHL playoff start.
He won, stopped 23 of 26 shots.
I mean, it was somewhat of a shootout, nine goals.
I thought he performed pretty well.
I mean, I think it's a no-brainer that Tippett will come back
with him next game, particularly after how Smitty played.
What also was pretty interesting, Christopher Stieg,
he's been all over Instagram lately now that he's retired.
He had a little video that went, I don't know what the viral rules are,
but he said, like, why is he not on at 8 o'clock?
This guy is a superstar.
He's the best player.
They should market him more.
So it's always fun when the former players, like, get away from the league
and start chirping the league a little bit.
Because I got to put the kids to the bed before he starts
breaking people's ankles.
That's why he's on at 10 p.m. for crying out loud.
I wouldn't want my kids watching those homicides.
Did you say he had to put the kegs to bed or the kids?
The kids.
Oh, you said the kids.
I'm sorry.
I misheard you.
I think that he has a great point, though.
Everyone wants to watch that game.
It's 1030.
I mean, I don't know.
Considering how this game spread out from like 630 a.m.
until you pass out on the couch at 11, you could have put them on.
You could have put them on earlier.
Yeah.
Although they did have to have a large death wish to watch the game tonight.
The first elbow, we should say the first NBC game definitely was McDavid,
so Sunday at 3 o'clock.
But, yeah, they should have him as much as they can get him on TV.
Absolutely, I agree there.
So, hey, boys, if you're an athlete,
you know how hard it is to find clothes that fit you well.
The truth is men's clothes are not designed for guys with big asses and legs,
especially when it comes to jeans.
Well, I have good news.
The answer to your problems is finally here.
Mugsy jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us.
Mugsy's was started by a stoolie who was tired of having his balls choked out in jeans.
His goal was simple.
Reinvent men's jeans to look good and feel outrageously comfortable.
He spent five years working with industry experts and athletes
like former player and Hobie Baker winner Blake Jeffon to perfect the fit and feel of his jeans the magic is in
mugsy's proprietary denim which is made from a bunch of high-tech materials that make these
jeans mind-blowingly soft and flexible when i say flexible i mean these jeans are so stretchy you
could hit the squat rack and no problem it's like you're wearing nothing at all it's so comfortable
they make both basic movements like sitting bending and kneeling feel like a dream. No exaggeration. You don't want
to sleep in these things. Even better, Mugsy's coming in a stylish fit that's not too baggy,
but not too tight, so you somehow look even better than you feel, and you look marvelous.
You want to look good on that all-important Zoom call you got later? Well, then you need to choose
Mugsy. Men's Health and Mugsy Jeans, I'm sorry, Men's Health said Mugsy Jeans are the best jeans for athletes for good reason.
Take our word for it. Give Mugsy Jeans a try and you won't be able to wear any other jeans again.
Mugsy is so confident you'll love their jeans. They do free shipping and returns,
so your comfort is 100 guaranteed. Do your legs a favor, head over to Muggsy.com. That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Muggsy's full lineup of jeans and safe
work chinos include new styles and sizes. Use the code spit for 10 off.
That's a bear on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made
by heading to Muggsy.com using the code spit.
Muggsy stretching out. Nino Niederreiter. Nino Niederreiter.com using the code SPIT. Muggsy stretching out his jeans.
Nino Niederreiter.
Nino Niederreiter.
That was who I was thinking of.
Niedermeyer.
Niedermeyer dead.
Big body.
You know what I'm saying, Biz?
These big fours, they possess the puck.
I think I just got interrupted on my whole point about Carolina
when I couldn't think of Niederreiter's name.
Still, maybe you'll get it next week.
Yeah, that was a tough trade for Minnesota.
I think they lost that one.
Fiala?
Was that the Fiala? That was
Granlin.
Stack guy wit. What else
we got, R.A.?
Calgary spanked Winnipeg
6-2 Tuesday night to take a
2-1 series lead. Of course, Winnipeg
made a nice little comeback after the Game 1 loss.
But Calgary, they got goals from six different forwards.
It was a pretty tough night for Connor Hellebuck, giving up that many goals.
He had a misplay behind the net, kind of made a mountain out of a molehill.
But I thought it was pretty cool.
Grinnell, maybe you can cue this clip up for us.
It was Paul Maurice talking about Jansen Hawkins,
working his way from the East Coast League all the way up to the NHL, how nobody gave him a shot.
But, gee, play a clip of Maurice.
I just want to make sure I get this right so I'm not over-exaggerating,
but I don't know that I've had a player that has been given less opportunity
and stayed in the fight and competed as hard as this guy has.
Like, he had no chance of making our team.
He had a good camp.
But he's not a first overall pick,
so he doesn't have 10 guys pound on the table for him
to give him that chance.
So he's been given nothing here.
But what he did was he forced an opportunity.
So with the Moose, like, there was no choice
but to call him up, right?
And then he gets in the lineup and he gets into practice.
He works so hard.
You just have to play him.
So all he does is no matter what the situation,
he just catches your eye, right?
He was,
he was clearly the first of the three in for us because of his training camp, that goal he scored.
He may have scored that 10 times in the last three weeks.
Really, he has.
He's just, it's off his stick before you think it should,
and it's barred out.
So I think what you got with Hark is a guy that's going to get
into the National Hockey League, and he's probably not going to come out
for about 14 years.
He's just, I think it was Kevin Dineen that said to me once early on,
young players don't understand the value of an opportunity.
But Jansen Harkins is the exception to that rule.
I mean, just good stuff.
I know it was getting passed around Twitter quite a bit the other day.
I'm sure you caught it, right?
R.A., I talked about it when we did the ECHL player relief fund.
Some of these guys are down there trying to find their games
just in order to get to that next level.
And then, of course, eventually make their way to the NHL.
And then you hear a story like this, and it's just awesome.
And it just shows this guy had no quit.
He wouldn't go away.
He wouldn't go unnoticed.
And, you know, I was really happy for him to score that goal the other night
and then not only that but get the accolades from his coach.
And now at
this point in time it's like you know he's he's probably a household name because of what paul
marie said about him and now another team if the jets don't end up resigning i would probably be
inclined to give him an opportunity so that just that just goes to show you all you guys out there
listening or girls even excuse me um you know never give up if it's truly what you want.
If you want to work for it, it might not be the easiest path
given you're not a high draft pick, but that's a prime example.
If you want it hard enough, you'll eventually find it.
And I remember back when I was playing, there was nothing better,
and it might have happened three times to me,
but there was nothing better than your coach publicly
pumping your tires
I don't know if you ever had it Biz I'm guessing no
we probably talked about how good you were in the locker room
with the DJing
yeah yeah that was it
so
he must have felt so good
he said he's going to play 14
years in the NHL the kid was probably like
holy shit.
Well, CBA says eight is the max, but if you guys want to cut me a check, sure.
Can you promise me that, coach?
Coach, please?
My agent hasn't gotten a call.
It was an awesome quote.
That's what I said when we were talking about the respect that we have for Maurice
and how we've always enjoyed his sound bites,
the ability to kind of have a good quote, have a good little story,
even though we were ripping him for thinking Kachuk
purposely injured Mark Shifley.
Which I've taken some heat for that.
I mean, people are like, everyone thinks he did it on purpose.
Jesus.
Let's talk about the Jets a little bit, though.
That was a gutsy win to come back.
And I don't know, man.
I really like that Blake Wheeler as a leader.
You can tell he loves playing for that organization,
and he genuinely cares about his teammates.
Apparently, the Shifley injury is also not as serious
as they initially thought.
So that's a massive positive, because when you're a top 20 player in the league.
Well, everyone saw that.
Biz, sorry.
Everyone thought that just because of how he was reacting on the ice,
you know what I mean?
Like it looked horrible.
It looked horrible initially, correct.
And I wasn't arguing that, but it was just good to hear
when you're a top 20 guy in the league as a hockey fan,
I want to see these guys in the ice.
But a gutsy performance in game two.
But Calgary, you know, they were like, hey, boys, we need a response here.
And they controlled much of that game the other night in game three.
Yeah, it should be interesting.
Like I said, game four Thursday at 1030.
So we'll have that result for our next show.
And going back to Hawkins for a minute, he's a second-generation NHLer. His father,
Todd, had a couple cups of coffee
back in the 80s, and of course his uncle, Brett
Hawkins, played for a few different organizations
not too long ago.
Again, a good story. That's a good
clip from Paul Maurice.
Vancouver won 4-3 Tuesday night.
They were kind of running away with it, but it got a little
close late. Minnesota got a couple late ones.
They tied up the series.
They added Jake Verton into the lineup.
Grinnelli's son double got his first playoff point ever.
Husey, nice little fucking assist there.
Roussel took a puck to the mug, man.
Hope he's okay.
We've seen a few pucks to the face.
It's been rough for some of these guys.
Next up, game three, Thursday at 2.30.
What do you got on this one, brother?
I got kind of exactly what everyone figured was going to happen off the start.
I mean, are you kind of that surprised that the games have gone this way?
When I watched Pettersson, how have we decided it is?
Is it Peterson?
I thought we said Elias Pettersson pedison but whatever it's chicklets you say
whatever you want okay so he's him and ajo very similar i've actually given him the dot zook
i've been throwing out all the comparisons since we started this show i'm a i'm a comparisons guy
but the wild the way we said that they look just older and they were just more ready to play in game one.
Well, Vancouver just had to bring that offense.
And then you all of a sudden get your top players involved.
And that's the only chance you have to win.
When you're a younger team like Vancouver coming up, and by no means are they where they probably think they can compete for the Stanley Cup.
They need to get deeper.
They need to get a little bit older.
I think you would agree with this, Biz.
for the Stanley Cup.
They need to get deeper.
They need to get a little bit older.
I think you would agree with this, Biz.
The only chance you have right now to win is to have your top players dominate the other team's top players.
That's it.
And so that was game two.
And I think that it's still going to be tough for Van to win this.
Who did I pick, Grinnelly?
Do you remember?
I believe you had the Canucks.
Yeah, so I'm kind of regretting that.
Even after game two.
Really?
Yes.
I'll say this.
I think the Minnesota Wild are taking the approach of that team
that's going to try to batter down these young guys.
Pedersen's been taking an absolute beating.
Koivu's been getting some pretty good whacks in.
And, you know, I know some people want to see more of the new rules in place
where they're calling absolutely everything.
We know once playoffs starts, they tend to let a little bit more go.
And I think if these Vancouver Canucks kids can get past, you know,
what they're being put in this defensive blender with the chippiness
and getting sucked into that type of game by the Minnesota Wild,
if they're able to learn and gain that experience and win the series,
I think it's going to be vital for those young guys moving forward.
Cause we all know through a Stanley cup playoff,
if you're a team that's going to eventually win,
you're going to run into another team.
That's going to try to bully you, bully you out of the arena.
That's always going to happen.
And we've seen it a few times in this play.
I felt that New York tried to take that approach once they realized
they couldn't play with Carolina a little bit.
They were playing a little bit more chippy.
I feel that Calgary right now is doing the same thing to Winnipeg.
So teams still are built like that and do take that approach.
And right now, man, I picked Vancouver to win this series,
and I'll be excited for these young guys if they're able to get over the hump.
You could tell Travis Green is into this too, man.
When they're scoring goals and shit, he's like fist pumping on the bench.
So this will be interesting to see how this all plays out,
but it's going to be a very close series.
After we taped Sunday night, we got a Dr. Hook, Tim McCracken
from Slapshot-like incident, Michael Furlan.
He speared Ryan Hartman on the bench.
Well, what happened was Luke Coonan or Cunning, I know I hear it both ways,
Luke Cunning had grabbed his stick.
And then I watched the clip like 10 times,
and I couldn't tell if Hartman grabbed it or not.
But either way, Furlan took exception.
He got him right in the fucking bread basket.
He got fined 5,000 for his troubles.
Cunning got fined 1,000 for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Yeah, unsportsmanlike conduct because he obviously grabbed the stick.
But I think basically if you don't grab a guy's stick,
you won't get your way to teammates' bid.
No, Biz?
Yeah, Hartman had a comment after the game.
He goes, yeah, we were holding the stick, so he gave it to us back.
Whatever.
All good.
See you later.
And I love that response from Hartman. I think that he's well aware of what their teams
and the way they're trying to play.
Vancouver doesn't necessarily have
many more responses to what
Minnesota has as far as big, burly
guys. Mind you, now Furland's
out of the series. They just announced, so that's
a difficult bounce for them.
You fucking hold a guy's stick on the bench,
you throw a spear. I used to do that shit all
the time.
I'm hoping,
thinking of
further and and he missed the most of the 1920 season with with post-concussion stuff and
concussion issues and i guess he's back home darren drager reported he's you know that he
that he went back home and he's dealing with kind of similar issues so let's hope that he's healthy
and all right and i mean yeah people screaming that it wasn't enough punishment.
Like, nobody got hurt.
Relax.
It's just, yeah.
And going back to Pedersen, respect the way he's battling through it.
He's taking his lumps right now.
It doesn't look as if, though, he's complaining at all.
And he's trying to find his game in the midst of having to deal with that
for the first time.
And fucking rights
kid keep going all right boys next up pittsburgh montreal man i think the penguins got their hands
full but crosby put him on their back the other night game two he led him to a nice victory he
scored a huge first goal because carrie price has been tough man that's huge when you're going
against the hot goalie which i think price is right now gotta get that first goal uh jay
kentzel come through with the puck line j Jesus, for anybody who played the game, game three,
being played as we speak Wednesday night at 8 o'clock.
So a hugely pivotal game.
What's been your take on this series thus far?
Well, I'm watching right now.
So, you know, the first period is just about ending.
Pittsburgh goes down 1-0.
And Terry Price makes an enormous save on Gensel. Crosby gave him
a sick pass through the seam. Gensel has a great chance. Price robs him, thinking like, they're up
1-0 already early. What if this guy stands on his head? This is actually, they only need to win
three games, not four out of seven. They could get it done. I refuse to believe that because the
Penguins just scored two goals in under a minute.
And I don't got the Penguins tonight.
So I'll basically say that it'll take a miracle for the Canadians
to win this series.
That's my thoughts.
That's my thoughts.
They won that first game because he was incredible.
And then Pittsburgh really played better in the second one.
And right now they just turned it on quick.
After dominating in the offensive zone price
can only do it for so long so it's it's it's setting up for uh pittsburgh to move on in in
four games i believe and they're doing so with uh with no malcolm basically he was a ghost in two
games although he does have an assist tonight uh biggest thing that stands out i really really
really like that z trade. He's
fitting in really nice there. He plays
hard, goes to the net.
A bit undersized, but his game
speaks bigger than he is.
The Sid show. He has been
tremendous, hasn't skipped a beat.
Very noticeably better than
everybody on the ice.
And yeah, I'm on
the same boat as Witt.
The fact that they won a game, I was very surprised they stuck around
and found a way.
But just puck possession-wise, quality scoring chances,
I'm going to have to go with Pittsburgh, and I'd bet the house on it.
That Petrie, though, I've said many times I played with him
at the beginning of his career in Edmonton.
You could tell, oh, this guy's legit.
Like, can skate like the wind, physical,
and he keeps getting better and better.
So Montreal has a legit defenseman besides Shea Weber,
and that's Petrie, Jeff Petrie,
whose father was a Major League Baseball player.
He might have won the World Series.
He might have won the World Series.
Maybe not, though.
A couple bright spots, though, and if we don't mention them,
we're going to get scalded.
Nick Suzuki, he's really, really turning into a player, 20 years old,
a bright spot in this young group of Montreal Canadiens.
R.A., do you have anything on him?
You got excited when I said that.
No, no, I just thought of another note.
I didn't have anything.
He's the kid they got from Vegas.
Yes, they got him from Vegas.
He was 17th overall, I believe, in the 2017 draft.
OHL guy too, right, Biz?
OHL guy.
He's from London, Ontario, and he's been playing very well,
rising to the occasion right now.
So look out for this Suzuki kid.
He's a stud.
Yep, and Petrie's dad did win the 1984 World Series
with the Detroit Tigers.
So shout out to me.
Stack guys back.
Willie Hernandez won the MVP that year.
Check that.
No, Alan Trammell did.
Good talk, though.
No, he didn't.
It was Willie Hernandez.
World Series MVP, 84.
Alan Trammell, no?
No, it was Willie Hernandez. We have a set 84. Alan Trammell, no? No, it was Willie Hernandez.
We have a set off.
Suck it, Witt.
Suck it, Witt.
I'm reading Wikipedia right now.
I mean, I don't know.
That's your problem right there, first off.
It says.
What did he say?
Oh, my God.
He's dunking on you all night.
That's your problem, first off.
Trust in Wikipedia, first off.
What am I supposed to do?
Take out an actual encyclopedia?
Like, you can even read this. You wouldn't even know how to look up what's up right now. All right. Chirp and read in Wikipedia for a second. What am I supposed to do? Take out an actual encyclopedia? You wouldn't even know how to look up what I'm looking up right now.
All right, chirp and read in Wikipedia.
I'm one of 900 million people who do it, you dumb fuck.
Right, but if you're going to come and say I'm reading Wikipedia,
I literally go, oh, Alan Trammell, because it says Alan Trammell,
World Series MVP.
And you go, no, Willie, Willie, Willie.
What do we got?
I see Alan Trammell. I looked it up, and, Willie, Willie, Willie. What do we got? I see Alan
Trammell. I looked it up and I see
Duncan on who you guys remember
that you're dealing with the wit dog, you peasants.
World
Series. I had no dog in the
fight. Fuck you. No dog in the
fight. All I heard was you yelling about Duncan.
I'll dunk on you and your scumbag.
I can't believe the list that 80s baseball
stats. Well,
Grinnelli, while you're on it, see what we'll do.
Who was right? Hold on. Who was right?
You were right, Whit. It was Alan Trammell.
You asshole, R.A.
I am an asshole.
Holy shit, you're trying to cloud me?
What did Willie Hernandez win?
Willie Hernandez didn't win shit.
Nice try.
Moving on, most dominant MVP candidate of the Stanley Cup playoffs,
Ryan Whitney, who just dunked on R.A. through Wikipedia
in that he chirped it.
Know what it was?
Oh, he was the AL MVP in the AL Cy Young Award winner in 84.
Nobody cares.
I was wrong.
I was wrong.
I was wrong.
Nobody cares.
R.A. takes a strong man to admit when he's wrong.
Yeah.
Try it sometime.
Learn from me, guys.
I do that every episode just about.
How you doing?
Hey, boys, there aren't many things better than Sid protecting the puck,
but SimpliSafe protecting your home is one of them.
There are many options, but there's only one no-brainer.
SimpliSafe's got everything you need to protect your home
with none of the drawbacks of traditional home security. It's got an arsenal of sensors and
cameras to blanket every room, window, and door tailored specifically for your home.
Professional monitoring keeps watch day and night, ready to send police, fire, or medical
professionals if there's an emergency. You can set it up yourself at just under an hour. Just
peel and stick the sensors exactly where you need them.
There's no technician required, and there's no contract, no pushy sales guys, no hidden fees, no fine print.
All this starts at just 15 a month.
I'm not the only one who thinks SimpliSafe is great.
U.S. News and World Report named it the best overall home security of 2020.
So try SimpliSafe today at simplisafe.com. That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E.com
slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. You get free shipping and a 60-day risk-free trial. There's
nothing to lose. That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets. Check that stuff out. Keep yourself
protected. And speaking of keeping yourself protected you've got to keep your goalie
in your defensive zone protected.
A guy like Cal Gill, he's our guest on Chicklets.
We're going to be bringing him on a little bit later.
Of course, he does a little radio work for the Nashville Predators,
and Predators are on the ropes thanks to Biz Nasty's Arizona Coyotes.
They beat them 4-1 on Wednesday's game three to take a 2-1 series lead.
Has a chance to end it Friday afternoon.
The Yotes got big goals from Connor Galland and Taylor Hall
at a stellar performance from Darcy Kemper, who stopped 39 of 40 shots.
Biz, we might not be getting you on Boston soon.
What's going on, buddy?
What'd I tell you?
What'd I tell you about Darcy Kemper?
Saskatchewan boy.
39 saves, 19 in the first period.
Kept the boys in it.
They were on the ropes for the first 10 minutes,
and then they ended up striking.
They got the 1-0 lead.
Guys, I don't know if you saw it.
Nashville scored to make it 2-1 in the third period.
Kyle Torres, beautiful little snapshot.
Gloveside beat Darcy.
Roman Yossi went from his D zone to the O zone.
Shocker.
That guy's a mutant.
Steve Peters, he's the video guy for the Arizona Coyotes.
On his toes.
On his toes.
He says, I think this was offside, and Matt Duchesne was on the
I mean, I guess if you're in the  for my standpoint, in the press box, he was closest to us. I didn't even realize he was in the, I mean, if, if I guess if you're in the, if for my, my standpoint in the press box,
he was closest to us. I didn't even realize he was in the play. He just got a little bit horny,
jumped early and fuck offside coyotes back in it still tied one, one. And then they ended up
getting a massive goal from your boy, Connor Garland, a nice setup from Derek step on who's
had an assistant every single game so far and has been playing great in the absence of Schmaltzy.
But Connor Garland, nice drag play to the middle and picks the far side glove corner,
I believe.
And Coyote's fucking right.
It's up 2-1.
Halsey had a big insurance goal on the PP, too, after Garland drew a penalty.
And just an overall great performance.
Darcy Camper, man, he's been their best player for sure.
The Yotes biz looking nice.
Halsey, I love seeing him get that big goal.
And Garland's toe drag.
That guy, not afraid to go to the dirt here.
And he also has the skill to pull that move off,
just bury it right after.
Who did he toe drag?
I think it was Ekholm.
It was a play where Derek Stepon ended up drawn in two defenders,
one of the back checkers and one of the D-men,
and just found Garland, who was buying time in the high slot area.
By that time, he'd backed off Ekholm.
Stepon did.
He had that lane, and by the time Garland got that separation,
he was able to pull off that move.
Connor Garland in the first two games was non-existent
because they took too many penalties and I think
he was on the third line to start.
So it was hard. He wasn't getting his reps. He wasn't
getting his touches. So they put him
with Derek Stepon and Clayton Keller, who's
been awesome as well. And they had some great
chemistry today. Halsey
and Kessel's line was awesome as well with Dvork uh devorek ended up having that uh that high tip goal
surgical tip in the slot so i will say that the few good bright spots for nashville to this point
uh arvidsson's awesome he's been fucking sniping like crazy um and who was the other one of course
yosi but that forsberg, he is awesome.
He is so fun to watch.
He creates on his own.
He's got silky hands.
He's just a player.
Yeah, he's huge too.
What's his name?
Jarmelson looked exactly like he did in all those Chicago Cups.
Jarmelson had a tough start.
In the first game, he had a couple giveaways on the PK
that ended up staying in and leading to goals.
But he was solid in game three.
I think the bigger the stakes, the bigger the player he is.
So, I mean, but he's been solid.
Oliver's been great.
It's really hard to miss Ellis, the trio of of ellis ekholm and and yosi although that
fabro is a young up-and-comer very good player for the nashville predator he kind of gets lost
in that shuffle i thought he was the perfect guy to kind of step in that top four to replace pk
and you're probably paying him way less right, Boston university, Boston university terrier. I would say it'd be hard to argue that, uh,
against Nashville for having the top best top four D coordinator league.
Yeah. They've been drafting D like, like insane for the last 15, 20 years.
And you know, these guys eventually price out and they move on. Cause you,
you know,
you can still get three quality years out of a young kid at under a million
dollars these days. And they're pretty good at that.
How crazy this is.
I would say they have the best top four in the league right now.
There might be a couple other teams you could argue against,
but they've traded away P.K. Subban, Shea Weber, and Seth Jones.
And they had Ryan Suter, too.
And Suter.
And Suter.
Christ, geez, there's another one.
So, yeah, they know how to pick them on the D side.
Nice.
All right, well, the Florida Panthers stayed alive
with a 3-2 win over the Islanders in Game 3 on Tuesday afternoon.
I'm sorry, Wednesday afternoon.
Check that.
Joe Quimble, he put five new guys in the lineup in Game 3,
and it worked for him.
Bobrovsky stopped 20 or 22 shots,
made some real nice ones in the third when they needed it the most.
And the South Shore boys were getting it done with Keith,
a little sonk pass before passing it over to Mike Hoffman for a big goal.
Then Brian Boyle got the eventual game winner.
Hey, I'm glad just to see a series get extended here.
Biz, what was your take on this one, brother?
Oh, well, yeah, I was happy to see Florida not embarrass me with my other pick.
I already went 0 for 3 on the Carolina.
Jordan Eberle, let's switch the combo to him.
Second or tied for second in most goals in his first 10 games
as a New York Islander.
So congratulations to Eberle.
He had two the other night when they won game two.
New York Islander. So congratulations to Eberle.
He had two the other night when they won game two.
And it was, I think there was a lot of pressure on Florida to at least get something done, given the fact they haven't had
any type of playoff success in the last little while.
And a great response. Yance has been playing well.
He's picking up points, moving the puck.
Surprise move on Florida's part.
I don't know if it's that he's kind of overpaid.
I think he's overpaid anyway.
He's Matheson.
He got the healthy scratch.
And they got him for, I think, six more years on his contract,
making, I think, just shy of 5 million.
And, you know, he's been struggling for the last little bit here.
So they take him out of the lineup and they end up winning a hockey game.
I don't know. I mean, he has all the last little bit here. So they take him out of the lineup and they end up winning a hockey game. I don't know.
I mean, he has all the skill in the world.
I think sometimes he's not the smartest player.
Makes some decisions out there where you're just like, but, I mean,
can skate like the wind, strong, has a great shot, like has all the tools.
So they, you know, they decided to go with the change there.
It was good to see Florida win.
Now Islanders fans are all over me.
I pick against the Islanders,
no matter what,
I can't stand you guys or,
or you fans.
So,
I mean,
naturally I'm going to pick,
not only are they,
is it a team playing against the Islanders,
but Yans is on the,
on,
on the cats.
We're going,
I'm going with the cats.
And let me tell you this.
Do you remember last year, the boogeymen?
They're out there.
Carolina's moving on.
So at some point, you probably have to face them,
and they'll dust you again.
You had your sweep celebration against the Penguins.
Then all of a sudden, the brooms came flying back,
hit you right in the face against the Canes.
So get out of my face, Islanders fans.
It's a trash team.
They're not a trash team.
They are an actual really good hockey team, well-coached.
They know exactly how they have to play to be successful.
When I said trash team, I meant just got no desire to watch them play.
I love Eberle, my former roommate.
What a guy, Ebi.
And his start, whew, just to hop in and score that quickly in the playoffs
with a team that's had years and years of dominance,
and a Stanley Cup, four in a row Stanley Cup winners.
And he's up there in terms of maybe, I think, quickest to get six or seven goals,
right, as an Islander?
Yeah, in second.
Second, sorry.
Not very fun to watch, although they do have one guy who's pretty impressive, Barzell.
And that was a pretty nasty look to be an injury
when he went flying into the wall.
That was hard to watch.
It looked like it was his neck that went.
But he ends up coming right back.
Didn't he make that play on that goal?
He was right back out there the next shift.
And honestly, I know it's
tough to tell from on TV, but he
didn't look no worse for the way. Usually when a guy
has got his bell rung or concocted, you could see
it in his face. He looked like he probably
knew the brunt of it was more of his back
than on his head because he looked fine on TV
when they showed him. Also, it was the Florida
Panthers' first playoff win
in 1,568 games
going back to 2016.
And Matheson has six years left at 4.875 mil.
So, yeah, he's got a nice chunk of change still coming his way.
But moving right along, Toronto finally got off the schneid
after four periods without a goal when Austin Matthews and John Tavares
each scored.
Freddie Anderson stopped 21 shots that he faced.
The Leafs won three nothing
to tie up the series with Columbus next game will be Thursday night at eight o'clock game three
of course the Leafs Leafs defenseman Jake Muzzin he's going to be out for the rest of the series
after a very awkward face first landing into all the Bjorkstrand's leg he took a cross check from
Pierre-Luc Dubois right before that and then looked like he was trying to I don't know fall
some way different or whatever.
And then he ended up falling into, like I said, Bjorkstrm's leg.
He was down for a bit.
He was sitting up right away.
He had the extremities moving.
So, you know, obviously the stretch is a big precaution.
Still a scary moment.
Where were you during this?
I was watching at home.
And, yeah, it was awful.
I mean, it felt, what was it, close to 20 minutes it felt like.
So you start really worrying. And I couldn't tell what he said to the trainer when he first
got out there you have to imagine it was his neck i i just couldn't believe with how innocent it
looked and i know it didn't look great right you kind of like cringe but in terms of seeing somebody
down the ice that long and needing to be stretched off, it was innocent. It wasn't as something like Barzell would have made more sense.
Right.
Having a stretcher out there.
So it was really almost confusing.
Like this has to be really serious.
Something's going on here with neck spine or.
Basically there was a time where you're kind of really worried for,
you're not even thinking about him,
like returning to play or being out for the playoffs if you're a Leafs fan.
You're like, holy shit, like I just need this guy to get off the ice
and be actually healthy.
So it was scary and it's a really tough loss.
It's a really tough loss for that Leafs team because he's just physical.
He's hard enough to play against every night that you're just thinking about
how difficult it is to deal with him in front of the net if you're a forward
that's going to be dealing with him a lot of the time.
Very similar to the Pavelski situation against the Golden Knights
where a cross-check in the midst of the play
ends up leading to a disastrous situation.
I don't think Dubois should get suspended
or I don't think there should be any type of discipline.
Should you be cross-checking a guy where he did?
No, it should be a two-minute minor like he got.
Not  you know, it was just a shitty result.
So, back off of him, but a very difficult loss for the Leafs,
and hopefully he's  it's nothing too serious
and he's able to come back soon.
Yeah, Biz, and continuing with the Toronto-Columbus talk,
Freddie just one goal against and two games started.
Korpisalo just two goals against.
Both goals have been absolutely fantastic.
Each guy has a shutout.
I don't know, man.
It's been a great series for me.
I know people expect a lot of scoring maybe with the Toronto lineup,
but when there's two goalies going head-to-head,
I enjoy that as much as anything.
And, of course, Tortorella's always interesting.
His one quote over and over, Tortorella, I'm sorry,
Toronto is really good, we sucked.
Toronto is really good, we sucked.
Toronto is really good, we sucked. He's really good. We sucked. Toronto was really good.
We sucked.
He's just an absolute beauty when he does that stuff.
So game three, like I said, Thursday, 8 o'clock.
What else do you have on this biz?
Anything?
Okay, first thing, I was happy to see Freddie have a bounce-back game.
Not to say he played bad in game one,
but I feel like that squeaker from Cam Atkinson was being used against him
a little bit, and I didn't want that to be the storyline because he's too good of a
goaltender and he doesn't deserve the shit.
He didn't get any offense in game one.
I don't want to say the big boys were non-existent.
I thought Matthews had a good game.
I think he had ironed twice.
He had that one save that Corpus Allo made on him.
That was 10 bell.
That was probably the nicest save of playoffs that I've seen so far.
Maybe not enough from Nylander.
Maybe not enough from Marner.
JT was a little nonexistent, but he did have that big goal in Game 2.
It was the Leafs' offense was the story in Game 2.
They just drastically outplayed and outshot and outchanced Columbus.
They responded really well under a pressure situation.
Let's go back to torts.
It's amazing these energy shifts.
You're on top of the World 1 game.
All of a sudden, you feel like you're losing out and your team's shit.
The next game, he ends up getting into it with Dubois on the bench a little bit.
There's the torts passion mixed with, you know, Dubois got a lot on his plate, man.
He's the number one center now
it's a lot of pressure and you know i don't know if if he was getting exposed in game two and they
have a little falling out on the bench there's a little bit of a fuck you match completely normal
though but you don't see it as often anymore definitely no shocker that torts was the guy
involved um but overall like i said just a great response from the Leafs
I'm still very very confident that Toronto is going to pull off this series
I agree I wouldn't say very very confident I could see it going either way I'm still
going to pick Toronto hold to my pick there it looked like Dubois was taking it from torts.
And then he kind of,
I think said something back.
I don't know if he was just sick of him in his ear.
And then he came back over again and you just see like everyone's sitting
straight forward looking like,
Oh my God,
I'm glad this isn't me.
He's going after right now.
Oh man.
I feel for,
I fear for, uh, Pierre over there, over there but fuck am i happy this isn't me
that guy could give it to you yeah oh shit so um marner has has to be way better though
i would say that it the first two games, you're thinking what he brings usually
throughout every season he's been
in the league, and it hasn't looked like that
in the first two games, but
I love Riley on D, man. That guy
just flies around. He can play
so many minutes.
He's a fifth overall pick. Maybe that's why
I like him, because I was, too.
Why were you? Yeah, I never
mentioned that, actually, but I was 2002.
So I love watching this hockey though because you could tell Columbus
is going to be really pissed off after that effort
and after what Tortorella said.
So I think that it's just going to force Toronto to really be even better
than they were in game two to be able to match that intensity
and be able to continue to produce offensively against that team.
This is where I wouldn't be a good coach.
So do you go back with Corpus Allo?
I think so.
Fuck yeah.
Yeah.
I think so.
He looked awesome.
It wasn't his fault.
He gave up two goals.
He gave an empty net.
He's been stellar.
The Tavares one was, the Tavares one was.
Okay.
I maybe could have had that
yeah I don't think that's a question
and hey I think my favorite
Toronto highlight of the
since the last time we met was Austin giving it to
that peck ahead Steve Simmons of the Toronto
Star he went to
answer this question and said you know like
basically told him how pissed he was that
Steve violated his medical privacy
and people say oh oh, other people's
injuries, not COVID injuries,
whatever you want to fucking call them, were disclosed. Well, you know what?
That gets done by the player, the agent.
I think Austin was the only player who
was exposed
without his prior permission, so he called
him out. And then, of course, he's a gentleman. He answers
his question afterwards, but it was good to just
see him dunk and drag his balls across Steve
Simmons' foot because he's a peck ahead. I know he probably knew who was the 84 world series mvp
so i had the two other mvps and got her home um yeah my comments on that are obviously i would
never in a million years do what steve simmons did um you know some of these guys you know that's
how they earn their living by you know getting the scoops on that type of stuff.
I completely agree with the way Austin handled it in calling him out.
So if you're going to do that type of stuff,
you've got to expect the back coming the other way.
It's a dog-eat-dog world.
So what else were we talking about?
He got his point across and he euphemistically told him to go F off,
but he still answers his question like a gentleman.
So it's a win-win PR thing for Austin.
Speaking of, Austin lit the lamp for the first time with the sweet redirect Tuesday night biz.
And if you have the Budweiser red light at your place, sets of Leafs goals,
then yours lit up too because the Budweiser red light is back.
Hockey is back and it's time to sellie.
The Budweiser red light is back, bringing the arena experience to your home.
Budweiser's replica gold light syncs to any NHL game
and instantly goes off when your favorite team lights the lamp,
whether you spell it with an O or an OU.
Sync, sellie, repeat.
The thing is awesome.
It's honestly the best thing to have when you can't go to games.
You can get yourself in one of these.
Boom.
Your team scores. The light goes off. It's that simple. So go have when you can't go to games. You can get yourself in one of these. Boom. Your team scores.
The light goes off.
It's that simple.
So go to Budweiser.com.
Code CHICKLETS10 to get 10 off a Budweiser red light.
Once again, code CHICKLETS10 to get your own Bud red light
when your team scores.
That's my red light.
Every time he goes to his top draw, that's a 1980s joke.
Going back to the Matthews thing, though,
fuck the balls and the kid to just go right at him, though.
I love that shit.
We were talking about goaltenders earlier.
We didn't mention Markstrom, who looked tremendous in game two as well,
and he's our boy, so I figured I'd give him a shout-out.
Okay. The shout was outed. All right, boys. he's our boy, so I figured I'd give him a shout-out. Okay.
The shout was outed.
All right, boys.
We had Hal Gill, like I mentioned earlier.
He's the actual Predators radio guy.
Obviously, he's a mass hole like me, Witt, and Grinnell.
He had a lot of fun talking to him.
He's a good guy, great personality.
So we're going to send it over to Hal Gill right about now.
Well, it's a pleasure to welcome back a fellow mass holder,
Spittin' Chick.
This defenseman played for 16 NHL seasons, Well, it's a pleasure to welcome back a fellow mass holder, Spittin' Chicklets.
This defenseman played for 16 NHL seasons,
winning the Stanley Cup with the 2009 Penguins, of course.
These days you can hear him analyzing Predators games on 102.5 FM,
the game down in Smashville.
It's good to see you again, Hal Gill.
How's it going?
It's going all right.
It's been a long time. You guys have blown up, and I'm just  I was way back in,
like, one of the first ones.
Episode 18.
Episode 18.
Wow.
That was a long time.
That's how good of a guy he is.
He would come on when we were  I was begging people to come on.
Yeah, no problem.
He's like, I'll come on and shit on you for 30 minutes.
It'd be great.
So what'd you take?
Two and a half days of nonstop pucks?
What'd you take so far?
It's been crazy. I was never a hockey junkie where I just sit and watch hockey,
but I'm finding it's hard not to right now. It's like 11 o'clock down here, it starts up, and I've been watching a ton of the games. It's actually pretty fun. It's, you know, after everything we've gone through,
the quarantine and all that crap,
it's nice to just sit there and take in some live action.
Yeah, it's almost a little overwhelming
because we used to like a couple games at night
maybe going against each other,
but to have one after the other after the other,
it's like, man, this is going to be like,
I'm doing this for two months.
But have you been talking to any of the guys in the bubble at all,
getting any feedback from the players?
Yeah, I've talked to a couple.
I actually talked to Scuderi, our boy Scuds,
and he's coaching with Nashville.
So he's in there, and he said there's not much to do.
He said it's like a  I think his
That's his dream.
His timing was a posh prison.
How many suits did he pack, you think?
One, that's all he needed.
How bad were  we always rip him on our pot about how bad his suits were.
Well, the best is  so his first game, he comes out, he has  as a coach,
His first game, he comes out.
He has  as a coach, he has one shirt, and he was shaving before and nicked his neck, and blood started dripping all over his shirt.
He's like, I don't have another shirt.
I was like, what are you talking about?
You're here for like four or five days.
Why wouldn't you have another shirt?
He's the best, man.
Oh, my God.
That was so funny.
You two guys just are so perfect together in Pitt.
The piece.
Bobby Scott, Bobby Scuderi, Bobby or Scuderi.
He was a lot of fun to play with.
No one's as dry and sarcastic as he is.
You guys were one of the storylines when you guys ended up winning that cup
against Detroit the year Witt got dealt for Kunitz, by the way,
just to remind everyone.
But that was such a cool story.
You guys were playing against other teams' top lines.
I remember you guys were killing penalties together,
and it kind of became its own little caricature of the team.
Yeah.
No, I think everyone had a role,, we joked about it because he
I can't remember how it happened, but someone said he's
are you one of the  they asked him, are you one of the pieces that
Yeah.
And he goes, yeah, if you want to call me the piece, I guess I am.
Yeah.
And so as soon as he walked in the locker room, we're like
The piece.
The piece.
You're the peace.
But, yeah, it was good.
I think, you know, any team that wants to do something
has to have the role players.
You have to have guys that stepped up.
We had the studs, you know, with Sid and Malcolm.
But you need other guys to step up.
So it was good.
But I will say, in 2008, I don't know if you remember this,
we were getting kind of pushed around by Detroit.
And I still remember, Witt goes on the bench.
He's, screw this.
I'm not backing up anymore.
And it was awesome.
Like, he goes out.
And I don't know if you remember the shift.
You just stood up on Datsuk or something stupid.
We're like, what is he doing?
Oh, and it worked.
And we're like, oh, my God.
All right.
I think he trucked me, but I, like, stopped his he doing? Oh, and it worked. And we're like, oh my God, all right. I think he trucked me,
but I stopped his forward progression,
so that's a win.
All right, Whit's got an
idea here. Let's roll with it. Hey,
Datsouk was one of those guys where sometimes you'd
go to hit him and you'd end up on your ass.
He could throw some reverse hits.
Just crazy freak strength
that you never
expected either.
I was going to ask, Skilzy, I think you were kind of one of the last guys I can remember that would get a six-pack after games in your stall.
Like, you would always have a six-pack ready to go.
And that was like, to me, that was the last sense of old-school hockey
that I consumed.
I think you were really G.
Yeah, well, I still think if you're going to go out there and work hard,
you deserve a treat after, you know?
You just worked your bag off for three hours.
Yeah, give me a freaking beer.
Yeah, no, I think that was one of my favorite things about being in the NHL
was we're going to go work hard here, and we're going to enjoy it after.
And now guys have protein shakes and like they wouldn't let us have pizza
my last year.
I'm going, what are you talking about?
That is who I am after a hockey game.
I've played 1,100 of them.
When I'm in Buffalo, I want Buffalo wings and beer.
When I'm in Philly, I want a Philly cheesesteak and beer.
That's the way it goes.
I couldn't agree more.
Game's changing.
They should have put it at the CBA, the last one.
Remember our negotiations that it's mandatory just to keep it an even playing field,
that you have to crush a six-pack and a Philly cheesesteak in Philly after the game.
You're just forcing the last beer down the rookies.
You're like, drink it like drink it drink it and then
you can have your protein and no watching video what's funny is what's talking about um having a
couple beers living the nhl lifestyle on the road i guess it used to be you you and chris mason who's
the uh call you know the color guy on tv down in nashville you formed the bag chuckers so yeah
kind of explain kind of explain the beginning of that because i think it's hilarious and it goes back to when
um or pick told me that when he was like first year you know they'd be like hey throw my bags
in this room and then meet me here yeah well that's the way right my first year uh i remember
i went to buffalo uh with boston we went up to buffalo and one of the guys goes, Hey,
we're going to, you know, check our bags and go. And I was like, all right,
where do we go? I like, so I went up to my room, like,
like kind of hung out for a little bit.
I go across the street to a Buffalo house or whatever.
I don't know some wing place. And I was the last guy there.
I was like 15 minutes. I was like, this is awesome.
And we just sat there
eight wings and crushed beers and it was night before a game everyone from what I you know is
like you go to bed at 10 or whatever but you crush beers from 4 to 10 and uh that was the way it was
everywhere we went so it was actually funny I was talking to Jeff O'Neill when we were up in Toronto
and he's he asked me he goes were you the last bag chucker
in the in the NHL and I'm like I don't know if there's any more bag checkers so we were kind of
laughing at it and Chris Mason who's goes he goes I've never heard that that term before and I was
like well he goes I know exactly what it is I just never heard it put in a phrase and so as soon as
we started talking about it we kind of took it and
ran with it and made some t-shirts had a good time with it but bugsy didn't get the memo that it
stopped at 10 he just yeah no but there's a couple guys that's like 10 a.m right 10 a.m the boss
leaves yeah okay sounds good what time's pre-game skate i'll be there. And he played better when he did.
So go figure.
Zach, how are you supposed to say something
to the guy who goes out, he fights and blocks four shots,
maybe falls over twice and scores?
Do you remember the shot that he ate?
That was me.
I blew up his face.
I'll never forget.
I think, I mean, you tell the story way better,
but just when he, after we're all crushing beers at that place,
we used to go for lunch on Carson Street.
What was the name of that spot?
I don't remember.
It was a great spot, though.
We'd have beers and lunch, and we're sitting there after the cup,
and you were so genuinely sorry, Bugsy.
I feel so bad.
Your face looks horrific.
You're fucked up.
He goes, I don't give a shit.
You're going to make me an extra million a year on my next deal.
I love it.
I love it.
So I have to tell you guys, you know, Biz, you know Witt.
Like he's, you know, temperamental, man.
If he has a bad day, he doesn't hide it, right?
No, no, no.
Not well at all.
Not well at all. And so if he had a bad game, bad practice, he doesn't hide it, right? No, no, no. And it's not well at all. Not well at all.
And so if he had a bad game, bad practice, whatever,
we'd go out for lunch after practice.
And every time we'd go, I'd see, damn, what's down a little bit?
I have to do something to cheer him up.
And for whatever reason, I decided that just guzzling a beer,
he always got a chuckle, the same chuckle he's doing right now.
So I'd just chug a beer quick, and he'd turn his mood around
and get them going again, the little smile.
It kind of benefited you both a little bit.
It was kind of a nice little give-give.
I'm a good guy like that.
This guy's easy to please.
This guy's super easy to please.
And I catch a quick little buzz.
This is awesome.
I remember that.
You're like, wait, wait.
One time you're like, wait, you've had three tough ones in a row,
but that doesn't mean the fourth one's going to be bad, buddy.
Chugga, chugga, Stella.
All right, all right.
To bring in here, the best way to describe Skill-Z
was probably the one teammate that I wouldn't be shocked
who would strike up a conversation with a stranger.
You could walk in any place and he'd be talking to a stranger.
So you've probably actually already had a conversation with him
before you met him on the podcast, all right?
Actually, I sat next to family members of his when I flew up to Montreal years ago
when we were heading up for a bachelor party.
And, yeah, it was actually a small world.
It was your wife, actually. I sat next to her on a flight up we were going yeah that's right yeah that's
funny don't get it to him too don't get it to how too hot this week i'm like i don't worry about it
we won't pretty funny she was very generous she offered out my root her roots card for a discount
at the at the shop oh my god that is so canadian the roots cards actually we got to talk about the
preds i mean by the time this drops uh thursday who knows where the series is going to be at but The roots cards. Actually, we got to talk about the Preds.
I mean, by the time this drops Thursday,
who knows where the series is going to be at,
but we do got to talk about them.
It looked like they weren't ready for Arizona's punch.
They come out, they kind of socked them in the mouth a little,
caught them off guard, caught an early bounce,
and then they were off and running.
Actually, the first five minutes, the Preds came out flying.
Korchak was going, they were banging.
Darcy Kemper, heard of him?
Yeah. No, he was good. But, yeah, I thought the Preds came out flying. Korchak was going. They were banging. Darcy Kemper, heard of him? Yeah.
No, he was good.
But, yeah, I thought the Preds were good.
And then they got a fluky goal.
The Yotes, you know, found a good bounce.
And then all of a sudden it was like, uh-oh.
And the Yotes started jumping, and the Preds couldn't handle it.
And it was like a 15-minute segment or something
where they just took over the game.
And that was pretty much it.
I thought the Preds came back in the end and made it and started pushing on it,
and Forsberg stood out and started making plays, and it just wasn't enough.
But I think that's Coyotes hockey, right?
They take advantage of something, then lock it down.
It's tough to play against.
And I feel like I don't care who the coach is or who's there.
They've always been that way. It's a tough tough to play against i i feel like i don't care who the coach is or who's there they've always been that way it's tough team to play against what do you see or notice in terms
of like everything that's changed since john heinz came in and granted all the everything went down
and nobody was around each other for three four months but even when he came in and then what he's
saying to guys now like how is it different than what they were dealing with before uh there's a
couple systems changes that they changed they changed around the d zone than what they were dealing with before? There's a couple systems changes that they changed.
They changed around the D zone.
D zone, they were playing man-to-man under Labiolette.
And it was when you have guys like Yossi and Ellis and Ekholm,
they could get a stop.
They could stop a guy and it would work.
But then once the guys started going, man-to-man fell apart
and they got picked apart.
And so they switched over to a zone and, you know,
the same hybrid that I feel like everyone does.
But they locked it up, and that changed a lot.
They started to  before the pause, they started to put it together.
I thought they were playing well defensively,
and they started to turn it around.
But, you know, I think the challenge for Hines is to get the stars to be stars
and to get Forsberg going the right way.
And he did it with Hall in New Jersey.
So, you know, I think they have it there.
They just got to get the top six to perform.
And that's what I think he's been trying to work on is having those individual conversations and and trying to get the most out of each of
those players um I want to ask about Labia let did you think they let him go too soon do you
think he could have solved it and figured it out in time uh what was weird to me is that he didn't
really change anything you know I I think as a coach you gotta have to
you change that but he's stuck with it and i played for labby and um you know he's coach
assistant in boston and then in philadelphia i had him as a head coach and he's a great motivator
and he don't he'll get you to run through a wall um sometimes he'd have a speech and morning skate
you'd be all jacked up you're like wait i need to go nap you know like this he'd have a speech on morning skate and you'd be all jacked up. You're like, wait, I need to go nap, you know, like this.
He'd give you too much, but he'd fire you up.
And I think after, you know, after a few years,
it kind of wore on guys and guys weren't responding to it.
And so whatever it was, and then he didn't change any of the systems.
And so I feel like they needed that change.
They needed to bring in a fresh look and switch some things up.
Well, you know that I'm the offensive D-man in the group.
Biz is the plug and R.A. is the drug dealer.
And I got to ask about Yossi watching this guy.
Every single game you get to see how good he is.
And I'm not going to go out on a limb and think he has your doors.
That's what he's asking.
How big is his cock?
How big?
No, that's Biz being a psycho.
How easy is the Norris vote for you?
I think it's a slam dunk, honestly.
I love Carlson.
I think he's a great player.
But Yossi is taking this team and throwing them on his shoulders.
And just watch him play.
No one can push through and break the puck out on their own
and then cruise through the neutral zone.
He has  like, if you go through his numbers, I hate analytics,
but the numbers don't lie.
He's  he  puck possession in the offensive zone, everything.
He's, like, one of the best skaters
i've ever seen i put him up there with mcdavid kind of just the way he can patrol the the
offensive zone carry the puck get through the neutral zone he he does everything he's playing
against the best lines he's physical he's tough um you know ask ask guys to play against him he'll
beat him down and and and he's physical he's as offensive. He'll beat them down, and he's physical.
He's as offensive a defenseman as you'll get,
and he's never out of position.
I don't know how he does it.
He's like the night crawler.
He just pops up somewhere else.
And so I think he's the Norris.
He's got to be.
I think the analytic you're talking about is, like,
stopping at the D zone and getting possession
and bringing it all the way to the other end, correct?
Yeah, yeah.
It's crazy.
He's far above the net.
Yeah, far above the rest.
Go ahead, R.A.
Sorry about that.
That's all right.
I want to mention Yussi Saros.
He took over for Pekka Rene.
He's obviously a franchise legend, 89 straight playoffs,
thoughts on the net.
What was their reaction down in Nashville when they finally pulled Rene?
I think, for the most part, everyone kind of sees it coming.
It's such a crazy dynamic that they have.
Like, Tex is probably the nicest guy you'll ever meet.
And he took Soros under his wing.
They live together.
He actually calls him son.
He's like, come on, son, let's go.
You know, like, they go out to dinner.
They have beers together.
They're best friends
and and you know Rene knew I'm I'm grooming this kid to take my spot I don't think Rene really
wanted to give up his spot and he'll still fight for it but uh Juice was playing well he played
well right before the pause he was playing fantastic he had 17 of 20 starts and he was and he was stealing the job so uh i i think it was
we saw it kind of coming but you know what tex has done for this city is insane i mean like he's
just been a rock here and i know it's hard for him to give up the crease but i think he'll do it
for juice that's a that's a beautiful handoff especially for poil to like give back to renee
because i believe he just signed a two-year extension at four a year uh yeah something
like yeah something like that yeah i mean like he i think he took a little less than he probably
could have but um yeah no he you know and you're gonna see that shift where he's basically like
you know we probably play half the games and then the year after that maybe play 30 games,
maybe 25 in that range, and then boom,
that's a pretty nice way to develop another goaltender.
Yeah, and you know what?
I talked to the guys in practice.
They're like, it's impossible to score on Saros.
He's a little guy, but he just like jumps out of nowhere to make saves.
So he's a special player.
I think we have two pretty good goalies.
So either way you put them,
it'll be interesting to see after the back-to-backs
if they do put another guy in, you know,
go juice and pecks or switch it up.
Stick with the goalie stuff for a minute, Hal.
To me, it seems like the goalies have been a lot sharper
than the skaters, you know, the forwards and defensemen.
Have you seen that as well, do you think?
Yeah, sometimes it looks like playoff hockey as usual.
Like, guys are just clicking.
And other times you're like, what just happened there?
You know, like there's some miscues that I don't expect to see.
But, yeah, the goalies have been pretty good.
I think the scoring is  well, you know, what's the what's the under it's it's like everyone's taking the under right now, right?
23 and two as a press time.
It's not acting like you haven't been gambling on a guilt, a game skillsy.
I know you can't tell the NHL, but come on, stop.
You don't got to run a radio guy ring around.
No, I just think that the
goalies have been good.
And I don't know
what that's all about.
I think the defense is a little shoddy.
It's hard getting that timing.
You know the deal, Witt, right?
If you
try to get a guy too early, he's going to shed you
off and find a way to get a stick on
the puck. So timing is so huge defensively uh i think that's probably the the biggest thing that i'm
seeing right now is little miscues defensively but goalies are bailing them out go ahead all right
uh actually i want to ask you about the players what do you think the biggest challenges for
these guys i mean you just compared one guy compared to a posh prison but what do you think
the mental approach is for these guys that they have, you just compared one guy compared to a posh prison, but what do you think the mental approach
is for these guys that they have to do
different than normal circumstances?
Well, you know, I was asking about this.
I don't think from what I've heard,
it really hasn't affected them too much.
But like when you're in the playoffs
and you're in meaningful games
and someone starts buzzing in your end
and all hell's
breaking loose and it's loud that is hard to play against and so there isn't that crowd that's right
on top of you you know like there's certain buildings that you go into that you're like whoa
i i i can't hear myself thinking and it becomes a distraction so So I think guys are seeing, you know, that's where momentum comes in,
where a team gets rolling and it's tough to stop them.
And you can do that back to them.
You know, you can quiet down a home crowd.
So I think it's different here in that respect to the momentum swings,
but I'm still seeing a ton of momentum swings
and a lot of games changing off of a hit or whatever it is.
So obviously they're they're responding to the bench and and that's what they're relying on.
So I'm interested. Was this all created at the beginning of your career in Nashville post post hockey while you were playing there?
Like at the time, did you meet people who ended up kind of getting hooked up for this radio job or how did that all go down?
there like at the time did you meet people we ended up kind of getting hooked up for this radio job or how did that all go down yeah um i don't know just you just you're being friendly and
talking everyone oh yeah just talking uh yeah you know what i had a good relationship with everyone
here and we loved living here and so i always kept in contact i came back for an alumni visit
you know just kind of you know they wheel you around and show you you know hey look at
the camera and wave that kind of thing and so that kind of started the conversation but when I retired
I tried to do everything you know restaurants and and like business stuff I just can't it's not me
I need to be in hockey and um so I kind of I crawled back into it, and I called Nashville, and they said, yeah, we got a spot if you want it.
So I came down, tried a period on TV, tried a period,
and the radio spot opened up, and here I am.
It's a good game, though, man.
It's good.
It's fun.
It's cool that you get to be on the road and just be around the guys.
I mean, I know it's obviously different, but it's still definitely so involved with the game that i feel like it just suits you
perfectly yeah and and and you don't have to you know if you're coaching there's a ton of pressure
you have to watch a bunch of video you can be you can be wiped out and um as fun as coaching is
you know you're away from your family for this you, you know, I'm just  I'm around for my family
and I just show up and go on the road, which I do miss.
I will tell you that.
I would love to be on the road in the playoffs right now.
But, yeah, the road is a great part.
That's what my wife says.
The best thing about our marriage and what's been great about it is the road.
Get out of the house, Hal.
Just please leave me.
And that was the conversation.
I'm like, do you think I should get back into hockey?
She's like, yes, you should.
I said, just so I can go on the road?
And she said, yes, please.
Yes, yes, leave.
So do you get to do the same thing Biz does?
Do you have to go to the arena to call the game,
or do they have to go to a studio?
What's that process like?
We're going into the arena, yeah.
Yeah, where are you going, Biz?
You're going just to
Yeah, we're at Gila River Arena right now,
so we call it like a normal broadcast.
We're just all in different booths and social distancing,
and it's a lot harder on the color commentators
or not the color commentators, the play-by-play guys.
Yeah.
Because you can't really see the  Yeah, you can't track the players as well so uh heater's been doing a great
job i'm sure you guys are doing a great job but uh i wanted to talk a little bit more about your
playing days and like where your funnest places to play were you put i mean you played in like
unreal cities you had montreal toronto boston pittsburgh and and we're out of nashville Toronto, Boston, Pittsburgh, and where else? Nashville.
You know, it's funny.
I was talking to  who was it?
Oh, Brendan Shanahan said that.
He's like, if you're lucky enough to play in your hometown and a big market team and then win the cup, that's all you can ask for.
So I was pretty fortunate, you know, between Boston, my hometown,
and Montreal, Toronto, won the cup in Pittsburgh.
You know, cool to play in a small market in Nashville.
But when I played, I guess it was a small market,
kind of blown up a little bit.
But, yeah, and then Philly, rounded out.
Yeah, I had a pretty good run.
I'm not complaining.
But I will say there's
certain buildings that you just remember playing like i remember playoffs in montreal it was like
that's the loudest building it's crazy um that was a ton of fun toronto is a great market but
such a huge city and it's it's it's there. How well they take care of you. It's like, you know, it was showtime.
Was the media too much for you?
I don't really care about the media. Like, you know, like it didn't bother me.
I'll get up there and say whatever. And, and they'll, you know,
they can say whatever they want about me.
Toronto actually abused me pretty good, but.
Who don't they abuse?
I know it's, it's, it's a tough place to play but
uh organization wise you just it's next level you know you play in those big markets and
you go into a restaurant in montreal and it's it's a gong show it's say pittsburgh was similar
to that because it was that's all we anyone talked about when we were there is the pens and following wit into i have to tell
that story oh let's go baby let's go right when i get into uh pittsburgh you know we're we're i
don't know right when i got traded we won like every game it seemed like and so what was like
run we're just like steamrolling teams and what was like come He went on a run. Just the steamrolling teams.
And Witt was like, come on out with me after.
And so we go out.
We go  like, you know, people are high-fiving Witt on the way in.
It was like  you know, it's like Kingpin when he grabs the pizza from the lady.
You know, he was that guy.
I think I used that analogy last episode, skillsy.
It's something else.
It's exactly you, Ron.
And the best part is I was like, I'm new to Pittsburgh, and I hear, like, we go to his little private booth upstairs on the balcony
at Diesel.
Is that what it was with, Diesel?
Oh, yeah, dude.
It was unbelievable.
Talbot was there with me every single night.
Scud just wasn't allowed in there because he had one pair of jeans.
And the best is, like, there's just a line of girls waiting to talk to Whit.
Oh, my God.
I don't believe it.
How much did he pay you to say that on the podcast?
No, that's how good it was in Pittsburghittsburgh that girls were lined up for wit
hey i'll tell you right now as you can see if you got a little money and you can talk your way out
of a phone out of out of a phone booth you can you can end up meeting some women and if you're
good at hockey so there you go there's this there's the uh the formula for success for all
you young listeners out there learn how to talk and have money and be
good at sports it doesn't matter what you look like yeah no so the best part is so we go up to
the booth and i'm like i hear uh coolio in the background like what what is it one two three
gangster paradise gangster paradise whatever it was.
Like, he's jamming.
I was like, what?
So I stand up, I go look over the balcony.
It's actually Julio playing at this club.
And Witt is rolling through. Like, this is the most bizarre thing I've ever seen.
That was a big night in the bird.
Julio was in town.
Big night.
Like, we got to hurry up out of the rink after the game.
We had some good times there that was yeah so pittsburgh was that story to just to show you like pittsburgh was a good town to play and it was a lot of fun
you were a mario's guy across the street all right i'll give it back no no that's good you
just said that actually i'm glad you mentioned it because remember when hosa was like struggling in
the first round and me and you took him to mario's and we got wrecked and then he was like the fucking best player in the history of
hockey hit the reset button hey hit the reset that was the turning point that was the turning point
yeah absolutely i remember we're driving back and i'm like hey bud don't worry about it you're
fine we're gonna win this don't worry about it and he's like yeah i don't know and i'm like well
let's go have a beer and he's like no i don't feel like i'm like no i'd let you're gonna come
and yeah we went and tore up mario's pretty good and then he tore up the playoffs and then he was
he was so nasty oh my god yeah just retired i mean he hall of fame i guess not just retired
just got inducted so that's gonna be pretty cool yeah now i know your time in Boston, it was a dream come true playing here,
but did the fans ever get to you?
Because, you know, I know they tended to be tough.
If you're basically over six feet in a Bruins uniform,
you don't fight every game.
They give you shit.
Yeah.
No, that was  you know, it was  and I wasn't a high draft pick.
I was just the guy that wasn't supposed to make it.
And so it was tough.
I remember my first training
camp I was you know every paper would read well how Gil is still there I don't get it you know
why is why hasn't he been sent down and so um I think that kind of taught me what it was all about
right from the beginning it was like hey don't you can't listen to all that you can't go but
yeah I mean if you're in Boston you're a big bad bruin you're supposed to go and you know i remember i went out to a bar after one of the
games and one of the guys comes up some little guy comes up to me and he goes why didn't you
beat the shit out of that little guy out there i go who's the little guy he's like that ty domey
i was why didn't i beat why didn't i kill him he's like you're way bigger than he is why didn't I beat, why didn't I kill him? He's like, you're way bigger than he is.
Why didn't you kill him?
I'm like, well, are you serious?
And he goes, he's not that.
So, yeah, I got that a lot.
And, you know, I remember going to Southie and guys trying to fight me.
Now Southie is, you know, it isn't what it used to be.
But you go to Southie and guys would be like, why don't like, yeah, now it's girls lined up for Hannafin.
Let's do a shot of pink limit, pink Whitney, bro. That's what it is now.
Yeah, no, it's no, but it, it was, it was different to play there.
It was, it was a lot of fun. I had a great time there, but it was, you know,
they expect that they expect it. And I don't blame them. You know,
if I was a fan there watching me I'd say go beat someone up but it's it's not that easy to go beat people up
yeah I think people just didn't maybe appreciate your style of game I mean obviously you had a
huge career you know an eighth round pick you made it you had the odds against you and you are
a stay-at-home defensive defenseman. Obviously, you know, you did what you did. Yeah, you know what the best is?
I lived in the North End, and, you know,
I kept my house there for most of my career.
And I'd walk down the street in the summer,
and people would be like, hey,
are you a guy who used to play for the Bruins?
And I was like, yeah, yeah.
So what are you doing now?
And I'm like, I'm still in the NHL.
No shit, no way really that's
you don't say that's awesome and i was like well we i just played for montreal we we just played
you in a series oh no way really i watched all those games i'm like you didn't you didn't just
happen to glance past and that's why i always think it's funny about you know boston if you
don't play for the bruins, you're dead.
No one cares. You're gone.
Just fall off the planet.
They're rooting for laundry,
not human souls.
You ended up playing with the Leafs with some
interesting characters. Kyle
Wellwood was on the team one year. He kind of
had a cup of coffee in the NHL, but
when he did, he had a pretty big impact. Matt Sundin was on the team one year. He kind of just had a cup of coffee in the NHL, but when he did, he had a pretty big impact.
Matt Sundin was on your team who was very kind enough
to set us up for that little shindig we had in Sweden.
That's right.
Oh, my goodness.
I tell that story all the time.
That was my introduction to the NHL.
That was Matt Sundin and you setting up that party upstairs
at that bar that we were at.
I called him him and i'm
like matt's this place is dead you know he set up this up in this cool club upstairs and i'm like
this place is dead man what what are we doing here and he goes don't worry about it buds
and then he hung up and i was like what are we doing then all of a sudden the place was bumping
it was awesome.
It was a good spot.
You know what?
The best thing about like playing with Nats, so I got signed in Toronto.
I go up there.
We had like a couple road games and we land and we're like,
let's go for a couple beers.
I'd show up and there'd always be a bottle of vodka and a case of beer on our table.
And I was like, this is so showtime.
And we go, they'd rush us back at these cool lounges.
And so one day it's like, we did this like five times.
And one day I get up and I'm getting out and ready to leave.
And the guy comes over to me and goes, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Someone's got to pay.
And I was like, what do you mean?
You guys always set us up and he goes
what are you talking about matt's always pays for it and i was like what this what a showtime move
the whole time i thought it was just here take it boys you're the you're the leafs you get whatever
you want and it was all matt's like he was just class act all the way through. Just a beauty. And Wellwood, by the way, was nasty.
He was so silky.
His mitts were sick.
And just
one of the funniest people I've ever played with.
He could
tear you down. Really super smart.
He used to read a book a day.
Crazy.
I read a book once.
Biz has one holding up like
his not a big deal poster behind him.
That's what I deal with.
Hey, so Wellwood, just
the natural. He didn't train much.
He would just show up to camp.
He had those two-piece sticks where he had the wood
blade.
Special player. In practice, you try to go
I mean, you try to manhandle him
and you just do a little silky sauce right over your stick
and it was frustrating.
He was good.
We had a lot of good  we had a good cast up there.
Like Brian McCabe, Darcy Tucker, we had  it was fun.
You got to play with Alex Steen.
Were you shocked that they just threw him in that trade the way they did and and obviously not surprised to see the career he ended up going to have
he was so good uh both ends of the ice um i don't i yeah i didn't understand why he would ever be
moved like i talk about a glue guy i mean if you want a guy on your team he's the guy i actually have a funny story paul maurice goes uh he pulls me
aside and he says hey you know like in practice today i'm gonna have you jump off early and i was
like why and he goes because you're playing too many minutes in the games and and just too it's
too much watching you try to skate in practice and i was like what do you mean he goes no offense you're
just you're not a good skater you know like alex dean can skate all day i could bag him all day
and he'll never stop and you will try to keep up but you will die you're not a good skater i was
like okay you know i'll take that as a you know as a as a sign that i'm not a good skater i get
coach but um but he did he said alex Dean was a guy who could practice all day.
Sure enough, Mo pulls me over, taps me on the shin pads,
and says, get off the ice.
I'm like, I can't leave in the middle of practice.
It's embarrassing.
They're like, this just looks painful.
Are you injured?
Does your back hurt?
What's wrong with you?
Are you carrying a piano hey you
surprised um with don sweeney and what he's done in boston because when i started working out with
like the pro guys in the boston area you kind of i don't say took me under your wing but you're
really nice to the young guys and he was kind of the older guy when you started wasn't it wasn't
that yeah he was an animal i remember taking a 45 pound play from him once. He gave me a look like you wanted to stab me in the throat. He was crazy.
Well, he's always been pretty cutthroat. He was, uh, you know, pretty,
you know, rigid, I would say.
So it kind of, it kind of falls in line that he would be a GM. You know,
he was, I mean, if, if there was ever Harvard, that was him. I mean,
like he's through and through, right?
Like, he's a smart guy, but, yeah, he worked out hard.
Like, I still think he crushes himself now, doesn't he?
Like, he doesn't stop.
But, yeah, he was pretty serious, you know, when we were playing.
You know, I remember matching up.
We were playing with Boston. We were playing against Pittsburgh. We were playing with Boston.
We were playing against Pittsburgh.
We were playing against Mario and Jager, and it was like those guys are so nasty.
And I was matching up with them, and Sweens got stuck out there with them,
and they started zipping it around on him.
He came back to the bench.
He's like, don't ever let me out there.
You've got to stay on the ice.
I'm like, I can't do a two-minute shift.
I'm going to die.
And so he was furious with me that I didn't take my shift
and let them go out and abuse him.
But, yeah, he was a good guy.
I'm not doing that.
I'm not dealing with that on the highlights.
He's like, that's not my job.
That's you, buddy.
Skilzy, are you shocked that Joe Thornton is still playing
and producing at a pretty good level out there?
No.
All these years later?
Not really.
Not really.
He was just a freak.
Yeah, he loves the game.
I don't think he would ever stop.
You know, it's funny.
You watch him, and he's lost his step, but he still shows up.
Good luck trying to get the puck from him behind the net
it's it's absurd the way he protects the puck the strength he has on his stick uh i never thought he
would be the pat the passer that he is like i i thought he could have probably scored more goals
i as you know but as a rookie coming in with him, you know, he had every aspect of the game.
You know, he was tough as nails.
And if you pissed him off, he'd cross-check you in the teeth.
He didn't care.
But, yeah, it doesn't surprise me that he'll keep playing.
We had Clooney on recently.
I was telling the story about when we were playing,
and he chirped Shane Doan at the red line in warm-ups.
And I remember, I think during warm-ups,
you were the guy to go over and be like,
what the fuck are you doing?
What are you doing?
And then we ended up skunking you guys 7-1.
I think we had four in the first.
Yeah, no, yeah.
That's not a guy you want to...
And the best was, I think Mike Fisher and him had a i think they're friends
but they had a a an fu match but it was like you flipping loser you know but
ever swear you freaking loser you frig you man
but yeah you yeah i remember clooney i go what what I go, what are you trying to do?
And I have to match up against Donor.
And Donor, I think one time he put his shoulder right through my chest.
Is there anyone stronger than that guy?
He was a bull.
He was a bull on the ice.
It was crazy how strong he was.
If he caught you coming to hit him and he got planted,
you know that when you get your elbow caught and you win and you got to keel over and go to the bench
like once a game to guys he used to teach me these little things off the draw that he does
to guys it's just like to get under their skin like with it with his butt end and he was a
he's a lot dirtier than he would let you know. Yeah. No, well, you know what?
If you let him sleep, he was pretty  he'd play hard.
He'd play the right way.
But he was never  he would never get chippy.
The second you start chirping him, thanks.
Thanks, Dickie.
Thanks for doing that.
And he  yeah, then he'll go out and just abuse you.
All right, Skillzy.
Well, we appreciate having you on.
Boys, did you need to ask him anything else?
I mean, I could ask him about
Bruins all day, but I think everybody will get one
if we do that.
Hold on. Let me record this.
Who do you
think is going to start next game?
I would guess
they go back with Juice. Who do you
think? I thought Juice was good. I don't think there's a reason with juice. Who do you think? You know, I thought juice was good.
I don't think there's a reason to change.
And honestly, I think that game was pretty even.
You know, obviously the score wasn't,
but I think this could be a good series.
We'll see.
I think so for sure.
I just wasn't sure given, you know, Pecorine,
he's been on a run before.
You know, if he gets hot, he's still got it. They just had a big break. So I don't know. I'd been on a run before you know if he gets hot he still got
it they just had a big break so i don't know i'd go back with renee see if it gets the boys going
yeah i don't know we'll find out um all right i have to tell you this one of my favorite stories
if you want to hold brewing stories uh ray bork used to have a christmas party that was legendary
like it was and if anyone who knows him, he wants to sing,
he gets karaoke and he starts, and it gets out of hand.
And so I'm there, I'm a rookie, and I'm like, this is amazing.
I'm from Boston.
I had this guy's poster on my wall and I'm at his party.
This is banana lands.
I was like just crazy.
And so I look over there. he's got his norris trophies
just on a table in the corner like not even cased or anything just sitting there and so i go over
there and uh you know my wife is is with me my girlfriend at the time and she's she's like
trying to get get a picture and take a photo of like. Like, we'll sneak it in the corner. And so I got a Norris trophy.
And he looks over at me and he goes, what are you doing?
And I was like, oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to  I'm so sorry.
And I was like, put it down.
And, you know, we're already into it.
We already had a few drinks.
He goes, no, no, man, you got to get a picture with all of them.
And so he starts stacking them up.
And he's like oh my god you just
said we had like the little stupid disposable camera you know we didn't have like a click one
yeah you gotta crank the wheel yeah and so uh he goes no no i'll go get my good camera hold on a
second so he runs upstairs and i'm like oh my god They're like  one is leaning and teetering. And so it's  no kidding.
One of them falls off and lands on the ground.
He comes over.
He comes running down.
He's like, what are you doing?
I'm like, sorry.
I'm sorry.
He picks it up off the ground, and it's warped,
and he, like, squeezes it back into place and puts it back
and takes a picture.
I never did get the picture because I think we were all too drunk
and didn't know what we were doing.
But probably, you know, as a young kid coming into the league
and having that happen with Ray Borg, that was probably the best thing
that ever happened.
Looking like you cleaned up at the Grammys.
Hey, a picture of you with all those Norris trophies is like my rookie card
that's signed by Crosby.
Something doesn't fucking sit right.
It's like, what's going on?
The picture is probably just burnt up in flames.
The hockey gods took care of that one, buddy.
The hockey gods wouldn't allow it.
Zapped it.
Like a vampire when he can't see his reflection in the mirror.
Yeah,
exactly.
All skills.
Thanks so much.
That's awesome,
man.
We appreciate it.
Where can,
where can people catch you on the radio?
What's the station?
One Oh two five,
the game.
I'll be doing some hits with the TV as well.
And Fox sports,
Tennessee.
So.
All right.
Well,
you appreciate,
and I know you're still a Pats fan.
I know you're not rooting for the Titans.
I would hope not.
But we'll hopefully see you soon, and we thank you for coming on, dude.
It was nice catching up.
Pats always.
Pats always.
I do like the  you know, Vrabel's down here, so I can take him.
He seems like the man.
Oh, he's awesome.
He's my favorite player, so, you know, I have to root for him too.
Sidepiece.
Yeah.
Well, thank you very much, guys. I appreciate you having me. No, thank you, buddy. Thank you for him, too. Side piece. Yeah. Well, thank you very much, guys.
I appreciate you having me.
No, thank you, buddy.
Thank you, Al, man.
All right.
Big thanks to Hal Gill for joining us.
The old skillsy, the old mass hole, fellow mass hole.
Great guy.
Great stories.
Like I said, I could have talked to him about old Bruin stories from back in the day.
I'm sure you, too, Grinnelli, that was the era you grew up with, right?
Oh, yeah.
Every big guy on my hockey team growing up's favorite player was Hal Gill,
so that was a fun one.
Yeah, it was good stuff.
So, obviously, we've said before the round-robin stuff,
we're going to probably pay a little less emphasis to that
because it's just staggered out games for seeding.
It's not as relevant as the other ones.
I'm sorry, as relevant.
But the Bruins, they will not get the one seed after all.
The two seed has pretty much gone two as well. They lost
both of their games. I'm
pretty sure who's the next game.
They're definitely locked in for the fourth seed.
Tampa Bay is leading the East right now with four
points. Colorado leading the West.
They beat up on Dallas today. They have four
points. We still got a few more
round robins to go. Again, this is all
for seeding. We're not giving this as much
shine as the other games because they're not elimination
games, but the Bruins' bottom line,
no more one seed. Biz,
Whit, we'll go to one of you guys.
Is this a big deal or no? Whit, go to you first.
In terms
of the seeding, no, but in terms
of how they look, yes. I mean,
they just haven't looked like they've
matched the intensity levels of teams they've
played against, where it's almost maybe a little harder for them to get up.
Maybe certain teams are having a little tougher time
to get into this than others.
So that could totally be a thing,
but I'm not panicking if I'm a Bruins fan.
I mean, in the end, what does the seed really matter?
They're all  there's nobody there.
They're in the same barn.
So it's just getting all there's nobody there they're in the same barn so i mean it's just getting in this
thing and i guess you'd have you know in game seven more more the the ability to have last
change being the home team but i just think that they gotta get going in terms of intensity level
and figuring out that like i love wags wags wags um he can't lead this team in scoring. Come on, Wags. I love you, buddy.
I mean, I can't even take credit for saying that.
Somebody else did, but I love you, Wags.
You can't lead the team in scoring if you guys are going to win the cup.
I really don't have much other than, yeah,
Boston's probably looked the worst of those top-tier teams
that you'd expect to come in and business as usual.
Colorado, no surprise. colorado no surprise tampa
no surprise i think tampa is well aware that this is uh their window is closing with this core group
and those guys they got so this is this is do or die and for colorado man if that if that group can
they can get to the promised land with that with that younger crew man there's there might be
many more that might be like a dynasty-type situation, like a modern day at least.
And Rask had missed a practice or a game,
and I guess he had a cough and he self-reported to that app the players have.
And, like, I guess it sent alarms off,
and they started testing him right away for the COVID.
That's why he actually had to go on quarantine for, like, two days,
but he was able to produce the amount of negative tests
to get back into the bubble.
So pretty little weird side story stuff that these guys are still dealing with.
Steve Stamkos is still out.
Again, like Tampa Bay, they're probably not doing these games as must-wins
because they're really not, so not a big deal to them.
David Pagnotta of the fourth period is hearing that, quote,
Josh Hosang is heading to the KHL next season.
He was scheduled to be RFA with the Islanders this season.
Obviously, there's been a history of him wanting to get called up,
and I don't know what his skill level is.
I'm not here to attest to that, but basically,
I think he's fed up with the Islanders,
so he looks to be heading to the KHL next year.
What else do we have for you?
Oh, how about this?
I mean, I'm a big 50-50 guy.
You go to the game, you support a charity, you might win a few bucks.
I go to the Bruins games all the time.
The Edmonton 50-50, this was a couple games ago.
It was over 3 million Canadian.
I tried to buy it.
I went on the site.
And if you're not in Alberta, you can't buy them.
So then, you know, there's a game tonight, obviously, Wednesday.
They were back on sale.
I tried to log on, and someone said, no, you've got to be in Alberta.
I reached out to a guy in Alberta.
Dude, the Edmonton Foundation, the Oilers Foundation had to cap it.
It's due to historic record-setting sales.
Today's draw has reached the maximum number of tickets sold,
and therefore the event is closed.
We apologize for the inconvenience,
and thanks to all of our amazing fans for their support.
5.4 million Canadian dollars of 5.50 was capped at.
That's insane.
I have 200 tickets at it, and I would get, well, 50-50, then 50 of that.
I'd end up with about a million U.S. dollars.
So, boys, this could be my last show on Spittin' Check.
I was just letting you know.
That's how much it would take?
He would be the guy. They's like, I got a million.
You are raised the lottery winner from Daytona Beach who wins 10 million,
spends 10 million, and then is broke.
So the million bucks, all right, you better keep your chicklets gig.
I mean, the fact that it's that big, how much is each ticket?
Well, it's 5.4 million, so then 50-50, so the winner would get 2.7,
and obviously me and the president splitting it.
No, how much is it to buy a ticket, though?
Well, the more you buy, the cheaper.
Yeah, I went in halfsies.
We spent 50 combined.
We got 200 chances for 50.
All right.
And also, the next 50-50, for those who did get shut out,
goes on sale 9 o'clock Mountain Time on Friday.
So hit up Red Deer Rickno and whatnot, so if you want to get in on that.
Dude, imagine hitting a million dollars in a 50-50.
There's probably players buying them.
I think I know of a couple guys who've been involved in the 50-50 tickets.
How was your bubble experience?
Oh, sick. Yeah, I won the 50-50. We won a Stanley Cup, and I won a million bucks. guys who've come to the college and getting 50 50 tickets how was your bubble experience oh sick
yeah one that we won a stanley cup and i won a million bucks paid for four years at stanford
50 50 uh all right boys went to a little gambling corner checking uh there are no new series just
to bet on um and i'm kind of doing things on a day-to-day thing right now so follow the
spitting chicklets twitter feed follow myself if i'm betting something worthy of passing along i'm gonna blog it i'm not gonna pass along every little play i do
uh i gave out two winners on monday as whit knows i gave another one tuesday night
uh the under in the ranges game there was a huge thank you for that you're welcome there's a huge
run on unders i mean basically it was 24 and 4 including the exhibition then all of a sudden
a bunch of puck lines came in.
There were eight straight puck line covers.
There would have been nine, but Kevin Fiala scored nine seconds.
Had a couple more today.
So you just got to find out which, you know,
we got to pick which team you think is going to win by two,
but there's a lot of money to be made right there.
A lot of payoffs.
No new series, like I said, starting.
So just follow me day to day.
I don't blog and tweet every play because every play, because if I did use,
you know, it'll be bankrupt. So make sure you're following along on that note.
Also another note is Boston pizza is making national league moves.
The pink Whitney fish, pink Whitney fish bowls. How are you?
And now shots of pink Whitney. Cool. Yeah. Like times a hundred.
They're now available coast to coast at all boston pizza locations
during the playoffs puck drops and patios the playoffs at boston pizza and listen hey much
love to the boston pizza at lake muskoka they were awesome hosts for our party out there it was
supposed to be a pond hugging tournament but it was a party masquerading as a pond hugging tournament
we had such a great time out there we turned that hotel in the delta talcai for the weekend good stuff so if you're in a boston pizza check it
out get those pink whitney fish bowls whitney how many of those before you're buckled one
one yeah a sip yeah i mean oh pittsburgh three one three one um speaking of gambling corner how
about the coyotes game the other day
they were down 4-0 and then they got 2 in the last
90 seconds
within 9 seconds of each other
and then that game ended up going from under
over in that time frame
correct? Yes absolutely
a lot of people got frosted with some
late goals
what do you got burnt?
I got burnt on that one?
Oh, I got burnt.
I had the under on that one.
Gross.
That's a gross loss.
Boys, is that it for today?
No, actually, speaking of gaming activities,
we got the PGA Championship this weekend.
Do we not?
Yes, yes, yes.
Well, you're the expert.
Okay, okay.
Yeah, you're right.
PGA, we're back to major golf which is weird no fans uh in all
the tournaments i mean i actually think it's been fine completely fine to watch um i don't love how
the the sports broadcasted well that's a different argument for a different day but majors you're
really going to notice the pga championship you think of the enormous crowds every year and
it's in san franc, Harding Park.
Public golf course. Anyone
can go play it. San Francisco's
some of the best golf in the world.
That whole area.
Northern California. Wow.
There's a couple guys that hop out to me.
Patrick
Cantlay is one of them.
I have him to top 10 at plus 230. I'm going to put him but Patrick Cantlay is one of them. And I don't, I, I,
I haven't,
I haven't the top 10 at plus two 30.
I'm going to put a bet on him to win.
I mean,
Justin Thomas is the favorite.
That guy could easily win,
just run away with it.
But I'm just looking forward to watching some championship golf.
So I've been playing some golf as well.
What did I have this?
Oh,
it's Wednesday night,
Monday,
Tuesday.
The,
the historic
hornblower
invitational at Plymouth Country Club
the hornblower
goes back a long time
and a lot of great players have won
this event so I played in that
it's two rounds
it's two rounds
I'm just going to say
the first round I shot 75 it's a par 69 No, I won't even  I'm just going to say  bring up something. The first round I shot 75.
It's a par 69.
It's a six over.
It wasn't good.
Nice.
Bogeyed the last hole.
It actually hit it good with horrible putting, but I made the cut.
But here's the thing.
I left, and they said, oh, the cut's plus four.
You missed the cut by two.
Okay.
Stay hot, Whit.
Nice job.
And I'm driving home all pissed.
Then I went home, and I said, let's go out to dinner. You know, Ry, Whit. Nice job. And I'm driving home all pissed. Then I went home and I
said, let's go out to dinner. You know, Ryder was down the beach. Just let's go out to dinner.
It's awesome, right? Well, I started just crushing drinks because I'm like, I didn't make the cut.
I'm just going to get crushed. And there's hockey on tonight. This is great. I'm dummying,
dummying Pink Whitney and having a great dinner, some fried clam strips. Well, I get a text at about 9.30, you made the cut.
The cut's been moved.
It actually ended up moving because the wind in the first round,
it was blowing 25 miles an hour steady.
I'm playing golf in that.
That's tough.
And this course was burnt out.
Beautiful golf course, Plymouth Country Club.
What a spot.
Crazy green.
It was hard in the wind.
So the cut went up. The cut went down. Excuse me, you're in. You're in. Oh, shit. What time spot. Crazy green. It was hard in the wind. The cut went up. The cut
went down. Excuse me. You're in. You're in. Oh, shit.
What time is my tee time? Well, you made the cut
on the number, so you're the second group
off at 6.30.
Pardon? Golf
should be illegal at 6.30.
I'm fine with a 7.10
and even then, it's like, whoa.
6.30, balls
in the air, dude.
I woke up at, um, I woke up at like four 45 just to like, no, no, listen, just to move
like five.
I actually woke up the place is 45 minutes away too.
And I just kind of like walking around.
I'm like, so I just poured a monster drink.
It's like, I gotta like  I'm so hungover.
So I got to at least try to level myself off.
Did that work?
Because I got down there and fired.
I shot 70.
I parred the first seven  no, I parred the first six holes.
Seventh hole is this crazy green.
If you ever played the course
you won't understand it should almost be illegal and i make a bogey there but it's fine because i
come back out and i i par eight i par nine and then i just hit an absolute beautiful six iron
to about 20 feet on 10 and roll it in for birdie even Even. Go par 11, par 12.
And these are nice pars,
just ripping driver down the middle of the fairway
and hitting like beautiful irons to 20 feet.
Just like feeling great.
Even par.
I get to 13, the easiest hole in the golf course, I'd say.
You just hit it up there.
It's like a 330-yard hole.
I was like 40 yards short.
I kind of hit a bad chip shot, but the pin's in the back.
The greens are firm.
I don't want to be long.
I hit a bad shot.
I got 30 feet.
I three-putt it.
One over.
I'm like, dude, come on.
What the fuck?
It's the easiest hole.
It's planting birdie in my mind on that hole.
And then the next hole, I rip driver down the middle.
I have 85 yards, and it's an uphill par
four. This course is short, but it's difficult. I wish you could play it to understand. Par 69,
as I mentioned. So I hit it to six feet. I'm like, boom, get it right back. Missed the pot.
I'm like, come on, wit. I bogey 15. I hit it in the bunker on a par three. I hit a five iron,
just landed short in the bunker. I hit a beautiful bunker shot to about five feet come on let's get this thing back get this thing back up and down
miss the pot stay hot two over fuck you fuck off ryan but there's a par 5 16 i hit a beautiful
drive down the middle i hit a five iron and it just misses short right but i chip it up to five
feet knock it in not ata boy, birdie.
I rip a beautiful  actually, I don't even need to talk about the next two holes because they were perfect tee balls, dead middle of the fairway,
and then beautiful iron shots, and then missed putts to shoot even.
But a one over 70 ended up finishing, I don't know, I want to say like maybe 18th place
in a strong field of about 180 golfers.
So it was a good second round.
Wait, so you get clam, you don't get clam bellies, you get clam strips.
No, I actually will get clam.
I like strips more, but I'll get the bellies.
But it was at Sullivan's and they just had strips.
Strips are way better.
Strips are better.
Dude, it's not a clam if you don't have the belly.
I mean, get out. Oh, really? not a clam if you don't have the belly. I mean, you're not a year.
Oh, really?
And is it the guy, the World Series winner, or is he not?
Because if the fucking clam is a strip, it's a clam.
Well, he won the World Series.
He didn't win the World Series MVP.
It's a clam in the strip.
What do you mean it's not a clam?
Well, the clam belly is where the flavor,
like that's where everyone wants the fatty flavor.
R.A. sat on that question for five minutes of your golf talk.
I didn't hear one thing he said about golf.
I just heard him say clam strips, and I zoned in on that.
No, he started like
Hey, boys, I'm in Vermont, as we know we talked about.
Dude, the beer up here, like you get a better beer selection at the supermarket
than you do at any liquor store in Massachusetts.
Like there's so many awesome fucking breweries here.
And I'm not like johnny
beer but i kind of am i guess like i'm all set with the bud already gonna come back from vermont
a hipster oh no he's gonna have that haircut he's gonna have the hipster haircut like kevin bx
i'm not a beer guy as i talk about uh discreet vermont brewery i never thought i was but you
come up here and it's like you you take a whirl. You're like, oh, I'll try that shit.
And it's like, the beer is just so fucking good up here.
It's like, it's a huge cottage industry in Vermont.
I love this.
You're going to buy a Subaru.
He's going to grow his ball sack hair.
Plus, like I said, the chicken skins are awesome.
He's going to start braiding his armpit hair.
No deodorant.
His Birkenstocks are going to be
he's going to be wearing his Birkenstocks around your apartment.
Jesus.
Oh, my goodness.
What else we got?
Oh, Patagonia.
Hey, just head to toe in Patagonia.
Hey, so Billy Ryan, who we've talked about,
who drove the Kosovo mobile, you know, Keith Yando's best friend,
Florida Panther Scout.
He wears  he's wearing Birkenstocks now.
This kid is one of the most well-dressed kids I've ever seen.
He's wearing Birkenstocks.
He says he's got bad feet.
I wear Birkenstocks.
What are you?
You wear Birkenstocks?
They're the worst, dude.
Oh, my.
Yeah, Jesus.
The comfiest.
That's what he said. No, my. Yeah, Jesus. The comfiest. That's what he said.
No, they're not.
And they look horrific.
I wore Tevas.
Tevas are the same thing, basically.
I wore those.
Did you have the backs on the Tevas, R.A.?
Did you have the back on your ankle?
I mean, I look like I could be the savior of Christianity.
All right.
Good night, guys.
Great episode.
Oh, my.
You had Jesus flops?
I'm done.
Seriously.
I'm passing out.
I'm out.
I'm dead.
Love you. Is the fudge unreal, bud? I'm done seriously I'm out I'm dead love you
is the fudge
unreal bud
alright love you guys
as always we'd like to give a quick thanks to our
awesome sponsors especially over at
New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney
you guys are the best big thanks to
our friends at Mugsy Jeans for the long time
relationship you guys are the best and the jeans
are super comfy big thanks to
everyone over at Simply Safe for keeping us safe,
keeping you safe.
Check out Simply Safe.
Keep everyone safe.
And big thanks to our friends at Bud Canada.
I miss Canada.
Can't wait for all this stuff to get over to get back up there
and have some Bud Canada.
And a big thanks to our friends at Boston Pizza.
You guys took such good care of us at Lake Muskoka.
You take care of Canada.
Everybody, when you're in Canada support Boston Pizza
they're the best everybody have a great week
see you Monday
you
you will be
queen
though nothing You will be queen Though nothing
Will nothing
Will drop in the way
We can be heroes
Just for one day
We can be us
Just one thing
I
I remember
Standing by the wall
