Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 286 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is going on, guys? We're about two weeks deep in the old postseason here.
Chugging along, chugging along. Let's say hi to the boys for us before we get cracking.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, how we doing, brother?
I am doing great. I hope you guys had a fantastic weekend like myself.
Dropped some new Blade Gang merch, probably the best Blade Gang merch we've ever dropped.
So I'm happy, producer.
There you go. There you go. What's up, Ryan Whitney, the wit dog? How we doing, buddy?
I'm doing great. I was doing a little bit better, though, before I just signed on and started chatting with all you guys.
And you let me know that I'm apparently a pee popper.
And so this, what is this thing called?
Like this felt cover from my mic just showed up.
Mikey, let me know.
Foam mic cover.
So I apologize.
I don't listen, so I don't know.
So if my pee's popping, I've driven you up a wall the past, I don't know,
what, three, four years you've been doing this thing, I apologize.
But this new beginning of tonight technology, it was like,
it was a game changer for me just to hear that I was really struggling
in a certain aspect of my game.
Another guy known to pop a P on occasion, Paul Biznasty.
Biznasty, how are you doing there, buddy?
Yeah, quick, quick humble brag here.
I actually pop my peas more than Ryan,
so I actually got two foam covers for my mic.
Double wrap.
I'm double wrapping it as usual.
Yeah, that's pretty much it, guys.
Just a very chill weekend, watching a lot of hockey.
Some very impressive teams that have,
I don't want to say came out of nowhere, but definitely surprising a lot of hockey. Some very impressive teams that have, I don't want to say came out of nowhere,
but definitely surprising a lot of people,
and I'm looking forward to breaking them down and talking about them.
This is a weird year, man, I tell you.
No doubt.
Anybody who has allergies, you can request a special foam rubber pillow.
Just a heads up.
That's a deep cut from a movie quote.
You must have seen Revenge of the Nerds, right, Whit?
Yeah, I wasn't even listening to what you were saying.
Continuing with the theme.
Anyways, let's get into the hockey, all right?
Bruins, they lead Carolina 2-1 in the series after a 3-1 win on Game 3.
But the big news, of course, is that goalie Tuka Rask
decided to leave the bubble and return home to his family.
Obviously, a big story here in Boston.
It was, I think, the first indication we got was after game two and his comments
were, you know, basically I've been off for four months. I'm not in shape.
I really don't care if we win or lose like his,
I thought his comments were kind of, I don't know if alarming is the word,
but I did tweet. I says,
I wonder if like Cassidy would go to a Halak next game,
just because if you're a coach and you hear your players saying that I'm not in
the right mental space. Well,
lo and behold before the game on Saturday statement come out from Tuca, I want to be
with my team competing, but at this moment, there are things more important than hockey
in my life, and that is being with my family.
I want to thank the Bruins and my teammates for their support and wish them the best.
Don Sweeney said, we understand completely where Tuca's coming from.
I don't think it's any big surprise to us, to be honest with you.
We're privy to info that maybe the rest of the public doesn't have, and it has been a difficult decision for Tuca, but the Bruins are in full support of
why he made the decision. Of course, he has three young kids at home, including a four-month-old,
the newborn. Let's go to you first on this for your take. Well, to me, it's almost amazing that
these Tuca haters, their takes are even hotter now with this news.
And right off the hop, I'll say it looks, it doesn't look great.
I mean, it looks in a way to the naked eye,
like he's like quitting on his team and he did it after this thing already
began when you could have opted out before.
But if you are going to try to combine your dislike of two Tukaca from you don't think he's a good goalie,
you don't think he can win the Stanley Cup for the Bruins, you think he's overrated, blah, blah,
what all the people think who don't appreciate his play.
If you're going to try to combine that and make that a reason that you hate him for this,
because this is a straight up personal reason
i mean like who who is anyone out there to judge when he's come he it's out there that he has young
kids at home and he's got something going on and he had to go home the optic the optics of it aren't
great but if you take a look from the other side the bruins have you seen what they've been saying
they're very supportive do you think if
this was one of those completely I just quit like I there isn't something else there in in in and
make it matter of fact that's why I'm doing this do you think that the Bruins would be so supportive
with all these these these statements and stuff because I think it looks like you can't judge a
man for leaving something
going with when there's something going on with his family and young kids.
Who, who is to hop in there with two,
like guys are usually not playing right now.
So he would be planning on enjoying his off season with the newborn.
Right.
So this kind of threw, threw a wrench into a lot of guys plans.
Bull Horvat just had a kid and, and other guys.
And then some people would probably
throw in your face well he's in the bubble but it's just like well this someone just had a gave
birth to a child during a pandemic and i and regardless of anyone's feelings about the pandemic
or and how it's going down it's it's been affecting a lot of people in their mental state
and that's just numero uno without having to be forced to be away from your child for months potentially yeah and
and if you think about um what is going on and it's just a different time and already the quotes
they didn't look great i mean that that was something where as a teammate you'd probably
be a little disappointed and i think brad marchand actually said um something to the extent of when
he heard the quotes oh he was probably talking about the first few games and it was pretty
obvious he was talking about after the game against Carolina.
So that was odd, but that kind of showed, like you mentioned,
maybe there was something up.
Maybe he's not all there.
Maybe he's thinking of what's going on at home.
I don't know.
How do you take it from hating him as a goalie and not thinking he's the guy
and your love for Tim Thomas,
and combining that with hating him for leaving when you have no clue what's going on in this guy's life.
So that's fans, and I understand,
but I heard a lot of people say that they don't think
he'll ever play a game for the Bruins again.
I mean, right now, with his contract and what's going on
and what they've said since this happened, I would be surprised if he was gone. I mean, right now, with his contract and what's going on and what they've said since this happened,
I would be surprised if he was gone.
I mean, it doesn't seem like it was something that wasn't
kind of necessary for him in his life.
I'm rambling on, but I'm trying to get my point across here.
Well, I wanted to start at the press conference too.
When I heard it, I was like, not great.
But also, maybe with Tuca, I don't listen to enough
of his post-game comments to maybe where it was
a language barrier thing.
And maybe he just spouted it off and he was frustrated.
And yeah, it didn't look good.
I did see the Marchand quote after that.
Of course, him being taken aback by it probably after he found out it was true.
But given the headspace where he is, it's probably the right thing for him to say,
I'm going to hand over the reins here to Halak and a guy who's clearly
in the right state of mind to be playing goaltender under all this scrutiny
and pressure for the Bees organization in this particular moment.
So if anything, stepping away was probably the smartest thing for the team.
No wonder they're being supportive given everything that in the reasoning why he left and and like you said it gets a little bit nutty and
i understand the sports fans do have some hot takes regarding you know play on ice and maybe
not living up to expectations but to me this is a completely different scenario given that throw a
pandemic into the mix and you just had you know a, a kid, I can't hold this against them at all.
And I think that if anyone does, they're a little,
they're being a little bit ridiculous or a lot ridiculous.
It's just, it's just like Whit said,
it just fits into the whole narrative here in Boston. That's perfect.
You know, he got sick in a game years ago and then he got sick in another game.
And it's just like people who love the, I don't want to say conspiracy theory,
but just that line of thinking here. And of course course sports radio feeds right into it um i'm not
saying the guy deserves a medal biz but i think he does deserve credit to know that he wasn't in
the right mental space and i always say on the show goalies goaltending such a mental aspect
and he's aware enough to know that yeah i'm not where i need to be so if he stays there he's not
helping the team if by leaving maybe he's helping those guys again i'm sure not everybody in the room was crazy about it but and everybody everybody all right who's judging
them on it is uh like given the given the fact that they probably have gone through something
in their life that has been difficult they might have to show up to their job and do the same thing
they did the day before and not with any eyes on them.
He's, this is like Boston Bruins spotlights on you.
And that's got to wear on you over time. And when you're not in the right state of mind to be a net for them,
and maybe you had a couple of bad games,
it could feel like the world's crumbling down.
So he's probably trying to get his feet underneath them.
And also true.
I think we should note,
he's probably not the only guy in the bubble with these types of feelings.
I doubt out of what,
six,
700 players.
He's the only guy who's having these sort of doubts or thoughts or
whatever,
especially with his family at home.
And like,
we don't know what we don't know.
So we're not going to sit here and crucify a guy,
whether he just wanted to be with his family or if there was an illness or
something,
it's like,
I'm not going to sit there and shit on a guy for putting his family above
anything else.
And I know you guys aren't either,
but.
No, just quickly. It's, it's, it's what you said is true.
And I do want to mention it. It's fair for people to say, yeah,
it sucks and it's bizarre what these guys are doing,
like where they're living and what's going on,
but everyone's dealing with it. Yeah, I know that. But when it's,
when some guy can't handle it and he's like, all right, I'm out right now.
It's all right, man. Who are you to judge?
Everyone's talking about mental health these days.
Yeah, absolutely. And you know, people have kind of hypocritical about it.
All right. If we were going to be like Patrick Berglund,
when he left and he went to figure out his shit, I full, full support.
If anybody wants to hang up their skates right now,
I would never criticize them ever again. I don't care. go worry about your your personal life your family that's what's important
not somebody who fucking bought a jersey and maybe has season tickets who thinks that
tuka rask owes them more than he owes them he's he's he's paid his dues for this organization
he stood in there year after year and taking his lickings and he still does even though he carried
them and maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration to the stanley cup finals he was was he not their mvp
last year during their run he probably would have won the car and smith had they won the cup last
year or back in 2013 he definitely would have so yeah i mean you know i'm not gonna you don't have
to tell me about his resume and i tell you what if they win that game seven i bet you nobody's
bitching and moaning about this whole situation. So to me, that makes them a little bit hypocritical
on the fact that they can't just let him go live his life.
And of course, that wasn't the only part of the story.
The takes, there were many takes.
Mike Milbury said that he wouldn't have done it back in his day
as if he played through a pandemic back in his day.
And then, of course, Jack Edwards took the creme de la creme
of tweets for the weekend.
Jack Edwards tweeted,
What NBC hasn't shown yet regarding the unfortunate injury to Svechnikov,
the Carolina Wing playing hobby horse,
riding shower on the back apron of the goal.
You poke the bear, you take your chances.
No one wanted to see Svechnikov hurt, but he bit off more than he could chew.
Now, I retweeted that because I often retweet things without comment
just to let them stand for themselves it's pretty fucking
obvious how I felt about it because Twitter's
Twitter and a lot of dummies on there thought I was endorsing
his mention just by retweeting it
I know you
retweeted it with comment you weren't too crazy
about what he said you added a little spice to it
it never ends at this guy
but alright you retweeting it
without comment definitely
would make people think that
you possibly like enjoyed the tweet i think you're i think you do it so you can have people like from
both sides i i've been retweeting shit wit for 10 years without comment like i mean some things
that pass along a new story something i can't make what you want of it i think in that situation i
mean first off it was as we should even mention zdeno Csar and Svechnikov
were battling our friends.
Svechnikov looked like he toe-picked,
wrenched his knee or his ankle or whatever.
And that's what Edwards was tweeting about.
But, I mean, obviously, I don't want to see any guy hurt.
I think my track record on this show,
my writing for 13 years stands for itself.
I don't root for injuries,
except for maybe two guys in the history of the league.
And Svechnikov's not one of them.
Name them.
Name them. Ulf and Matt. Ulf name them and matt off and matt there you go there you go but no all jokes aside like yeah i mean i i
i've tweeted retweeted enough stuff without comment and if anyone thinks i was fucking
rooting for his injury and cited myself a check like i literally didn't offer a fucking opinion
and say anything i don't know how people could i would never i would never take a retweet as an
endorsement um yeah i i don't know if i've i don't know if i've ever done one that i don't know how people could i would never i would never take a retweet as an endorsement
um yeah i don't know if i've i don't know if i've ever done one that i don't agree with but i
wouldn't i wouldn't uh take it as that you did mention because i was thinking about what i was
going to say about it you did mention the fact when jack edwards posted that it was the wrong
photo of the incident correct well he had the player wrong he was saying that svechnikov ran
him into the apron but i believe it was actually Ajo who did.
It was Ajo in the picture.
I think it was a completely different play.
So anyway, going back to Jack Edwards,
I try not to rip on any of these media guys and their hot takes
just because I might bump into them,
and I've been wrong before about stuff too.
No, no, no, it's not the same.
Right, right.
And I want to like this guy,
but is this the worst that he's ever done
personally because he's known as a homer he's known as a bit of a bozo he i know he likes the
kush so maybe he was smoking a little too much when he sent that out he gets i heard a rumor
doesn't he i heard he i heard a rumor they got him at the end of the other end of the hotel
when when the team's on the road because he smokes so much dope. They don't want the players around him. You can tell he gets
crazy, crazy
waffled on that, Kush. He's
a bizarre human being.
Think about tweeting
that out.
The funniest part
is that it wasn't even correct.
To actually
bring up bit off more than you can
chew is this kid looked like he snapped his ankle in half,
and you hear Brynden Moore saying it looks like he's gone for the playoffs.
And that's what you're tweeting?
It's the guy's a clown.
I think now he  I think he's aware.
I think he's into it.
I think he's full-blown into villain mode.
I think he's always been homer mode.
I think now he's like, everyone already hates me.
I'm terrible.
So I'm just just gonna go all in
on being the bad guy um okay so he hasn't tweeted out anything he never tweeted out like an apology
probably got ratioed to death how'd my d pop there not to mention always good buzzer the complete
lack of maliciousness from zidane ochara as well I mean it was a net front battle
Z didn't do anything where he messed with the bail like he didn't do anything with like he
talks like Z did something like in defense and Z was just playing fucking net front D
so we mentioned that I think this is a perfect transition there's been question marks around
the officiating of that series I was just personally stirring it up on Twitter like
here comes another calls for the bees when it was blatant goaltender interference,
and that goal should have been called back.
I would say overall it seems as if, though,
Carolina has felt victim to more of the tougher calls.
Now, saying that, I feel like the Bees have outplayed them.
Carolina still looks good.
This is a devastating loss for them in Sheveshnikov.
This young stud is, like, he's good enough to drive a line,
and now you're taking that out going against the Bs.
I don't see any chance of them winning this series.
But overall, the Bs look like the Bs.
They look pretty good, and they're doing so without Posta,
who I believe is a  I'll say conservatively top 10 player in the world
he's so sick and i don't know if you guys have i don't know if you have marshy's uh somebody
posted marshy's numbers in in in recent memory he's he's just in a different he's world class
and and he's still there and he's the biggest rat and some people maybe don't put him there because of the the intangibles that come with it but this guy he was born for big moments
he never shies away he is he's talk about another top 10 player in the world i mean he's he's
probably top 20 but they uh they got a lot of good things going halak is best backup in the league?
Definitely top three.
I don't know.
I think Hugh Dobin's so sick with Bishop being considered the starter.
He let in a bunch today, but they won.
I don't know.
I love  I agree, though.
Halak is a great replacement.
And the fact that the Bruins, they they looked not only did they look good but halak was perfect besides the one mistake he made throwing him the puck so they take the lead there
and no shvetshnikov jack edwards loving it is uh is that's killer that's tough for the canes but but
the whole the whole the the series has been wild obviously now Tuca leaving just made it even crazier,
but I still think it's going seven.
I believe I said Bruins in seven.
Yeah, they shut them down in that third period of the last game.
But one guy we do got to mention, I texted you guys, Charlie Coyle, man.
This kid in his two playoff seasons in Boston, he's just an absolute monster.
I think he gets a goal and three assists right now,
but just his two-way play, burying people left and right, making things happen up and down the ice. David Creechie, I mean, he's a goal and three assists right now, but just as two way play burying people left and right,
making things happen up and down the ice, David Creechie.
I mean, he's a playoff savant.
He was second in the cons might back in 2011.
The two other years they went to cups.
The guy just raises his game to a different level come playoff time.
It's a, it's some good shit to watch.
Absolutely.
And RA thank you for G for sending over that tweet I was referring to,
and I'll read it out here.
So don't mind this 30 minutes.
Marshawn has 348 points in his last 285 regular season
slash postseason games.
That's 1.31 points per game.
To give you an idea of what kind of insane production that is,
here's the all-time regular season points per game leaderboard.
All these guys average fewer
in the playoffs Wayne Gretzky's one Lemieux bossy where he would land here is a number six above
Sidney Crosby who's at 1.284 and above him at fifth is Marcel Dion at 1.314 so over the last
little while this guy is is so you'd have to say he's the best bargain
in the national hockey league yeah that's tucker boynton for that tweet oh yeah tucker boynton who's
great on twitter he's got a lot of insane stuff so sorry about not uh referring who sent it out
but that's just an idea of what you're dealing with here in marshawn and the fact that they
have such a stacked lineup and uh i don't, I don't think Carolina survives this one guys.
One other note too,
before we move on to the next series,
I we,
I'm not sure if check,
let's tweet it out,
but I did as a clip of Jordan Martin looks pregame ritual.
Well,
unfortunately it was Svechnikov,
but he gets up in his face between every game and he screams like,
like a witch from like an old Disney movie.
He's like,
Mr.
Svechnikov.
Oh,
Ari's doing it. Yes.
We can compare that. Memes get
on it. You just walk right into that one.
Everybody hasn't even been able to think
about trying to do it, but it's annoying
and shit. Now you gotta try it.
Oh,
Mr. Shvetsnikov!
Bad?
That was better than me. I don't want to be
too loud and freak out.
So bad.
So bad.
I tried.
He does.
He sounds like a horror movie.
One of the clips they show, he's like, he gets real deep.
Even his fucking teammates are looking.
But anyways, check that out.
Try it, pussy.
I ain't trying that shit, dude.
Next up.
I don't do shit I'm not good at.
The Vancouver Canucks lead the St. Louis Blues two games to none.
Game three is going to be played later tonight, Sunday,
but we weren't able to talk about this one last episode,
so we're going to talk about it now.
Vancouver won game two, four to three in OT.
Bo Horvat, absolute machine right now.
Grinnelly's twin, Quinn Hughes, absolute machine right now.
Jacob Markstrom playing out of his mind.
Biz, we're going to go to you first on this series for your take.
I mean, I picked St. Louis to win this. mine biz we're gonna go to you first on this uh series for your take i mean i didn't i picked
st louis to win this i didn't think that uh vancouver is going to be able to get over the
hump but i mean i go back to what antoine roussel said before they were even going up against the
wild and he said at every position every important position that is you know we have the best players
and he made a few other comments about how ready this team was for playoffs.
They dismantled the Wild, and now they're doing so against the Stanley Cup champions,
at least the defending ones.
And Quinn Hughes, before the Dallas game, he was leading all NHL defensemen in playoff points
with eight goal and seven assists.
Also, Mike Kelly, I've sent this one to the group chat.
Quinn Hughes appreciation tweet, 10 for 10 on outlet passes,
including one from his stomach.
That was the game winner in OT.
21 for 22 on passes in the offensive zone.
Bank stretch pass to set up Horvat in OT.
He posted all the clips of every single one.
So if you want to try and go debunk it and put on your tinfoil hat, do so.
This kid has been unbelievable in the first two games against St. Louis.
Bo Horvat got the C at the beginning of the year in their 50th anniversary.
He has been incredible and elevated his game.
I mentioned the fact that he had a kid going into the bubble.
He's now got that dad strength or something.
This guy is just on a different planet.
He must be on the gas.
So who else has been standing on their  Markstrom's been awesome.
Who was the other guy that I want to talk about?
I'm going to say something then because I always say it before playoffs,
and I think I said it again this year.
It's probably one of my top six go-to lines
it it's special teams come on so because O'Reilly has completely shut down the Pedersen line so
you're able to do that five on five that line at Miller and Brock Besser they dominate play
and O'Reilly is just taking it to them but they're not scoring five on five, and then they go down a man,
and those three guys, along with Quinn Hughes, along with a few others,
dominate on the power play.
St. Louis' PK is so bad, and partly that goes into goaltending.
And, you know, Benner's our boy,
but I don't think he's necessarily had his best stuff, right?
I mean, you've got to realize that when Markstrom's
out playing Binnington,
it's not going to be easy for St. Louis
to win. We thought them being
the defending champs
and older and a little smarter would really
kind of take over and dominate this series.
Well, these young guys, yeah, five
on five, they're not doing anything, but you get them on the power
play and it doesn't matter. They're still going to score.
So it's an awesome series to watch i can't wait for the next
game but i still think that if st louis king if jake allen's in there it doesn't matter who's in
goal they just need to shore up pk they have to get better goaltending and if the five on five
play is slanted in their favor they'll end up scoring some goals so they just can't really
take penalties.
But it sucks because when you're getting outskated
and Vancouver's flying around, it's tough to not take these little
ticky-tack penalties, holding, hooking, because you're getting outskated.
Thank you.
Explanation of the series.
The reason I double-clutched on the Horvat, because I got to go back to him,
the two end-to-end rushes.
He put Vince Dunn on the rollerblades, and then he put Schwartzy,
and that was  was that one shorthanded, the one where he dangled Schwartzy?
I don't know what he was doing back there.
But I guess that kind of sums up the first two games.
St. Louis doesn't look like themselves.
They're giving up far too many high-quality scoring chances.
They're getting
Breakaways.
Breakaways. They're getting beat one-on-oneone that's just not the St. Louis Blues that we know and
I mean say what you want about Bing Bennington obviously he's not stopping the puck at the at
the pace he was last year but way too many chances given up to Vancouver right now that's not
not good five-on-five team defense did you guys see the tweet from Pierre Lebrun? It was actually really interesting where he compared this year's
or basically the franchise of the Canucks to the 2010 Blackhawks team
where he said Patrick Kane's like Elias Peterson,
Bo Horvath's like a Jonathan Tays,
Quinn Hughes is like Duncan Keith,
and he kept making all the comparisons where you're like,
holy shit, this is like very comparable.
Yeah, which is fair because all three of them were up for the Calder, right?
You got Quinn Hughes, Pettersson, and who was the other one?
Besser.
Besser.
It was Besser.
Besser finished second to Barzell.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, it's a fair comparison until they lift some hardware,
but this is a great young core,
and they just need a few more pieces around them.
I mean, it's still very early.
They're only up 2-0 to the champs.
So we'll see how this one plays out.
Going back to the last game where they tied it in the last minute,
which has been happening like crazy, St. Louis, that is, on that point shot,
ended up getting tipped by Perron.
Now, I think it hit Schwartz on the way in,
but Perron, he just continues to impress as well.
And he's probably been their their best
overall player maybe other than o'reilly and uh you mentioned you know them getting them back and
signing them to 10 fucking contracts and it just fine it's finally really clicking for that guy
i'm curious to see um who st louis ends up starting in game three because bennington uh he's he's been
struggling a bit you know jake allen played one game in the round robin.
He was pretty good.
So I'm interested to see what St. Louis does in that regard.
We do want to mention for Canucks fans, we do have a lotto line T-shirt.
Check it out at the Barstool Sports Store.
It's a good little shirt.
And also we do want to mention defenseman Troy Stetcher.
He scored a goal in game one, which was the eventual game winner.
And he had lost his dad in June.
And after he scored, he kind of pointed skyward and said, let's go.
A very emotional moment.
I mean, you know, just lost his dad a couple months ago
and a score a big goal like that.
I can't imagine the emotion a person goes through in a situation like that.
Yeah, I think we posted on the Spit and Chicklets account.
I retweeted as well, just his post-game comments.
And, you know, clearly it was an emotional moment for him.
And very, very cool.
A lot of emotional moments so far in these playoffs.
Yep.
We're not even 25 through yet.
Hey, gang, while you're watching these games at home,
you're going to need to stay fueled up.
And this week you can get 20 off any Jimmy John's order of 10 or more.
Just use the promo code biz20 at jimmyjohns.com
or with the Jimmy John's app through September 6th of 2020. See restrictions at jimmyjohns.com or with the Jimmy John's app through September 6th of 2020.
See restrictions at jimmyjohns.com.
You must order online or with the Jimmy John's app.
You can order for contactless delivery or pickup.
With 20 off an order of 10 or more, you can get a couple sandwiches, chips, drinks, and 20 mustard packets for biz.
You can get four sandwiches and four drinks.
You can get a giant gargantuan. You can get a dozen cookies. Basically, you get combos for biz. You can get four sandwiches and four drinks. You get a giant gargantuan. You get a dozen cookies.
Basically you get combos for days.
And of course Jimmy John's sandwiches are freaky fast and freshy fresh.
They got fresh cut veggies, meats that are hand sliced daily, fresh bed,
fresh bread baked all day. And in the mustard category, again,
biz they have Dijon or Jimmy mustard to put on your sandwiches.
A good old plain yellow mustard available in packets.
Once again, the promo code is biz20 at jimmyjohns.com
or the Jimmy Johns app through September 6, 2020.
Feed yourself while you're watching the games.
G, what's up? You've got a note too.
Tuesday and Friday, baby.
Jimmy Johns has sponsored our Twitch streams
and they're coming through again.
They feed me sandwiches while I'm playing.
And it's been great. Jimmy Johns,'s the best try their cookies biz 20 promo code
oh hey another quinn hughes appreciation tweet quinn hughes of the canucks is the eighth
defenseman in nhl history and the fourth rookie among the cohort which is the guys listed with
seven plus points through his first five career postseason games. And he's obviously, well, he's got eight now,
but Joe Micheletti's at the top of the list with nine.
And Sergei Zubov is just underneath him.
That's Joe Micheletti, the announcer, correct?
Yes, the one with the Rangers.
I had no idea Joe Micheletti was a really good hockey player.
I swear to God.
And I believe Mike McDonald married his daughter.
The guy's the man. The guy's the man.
I didn't even understand he was that good.
Now he's got a Hall of Famer son-in-law
too. Jeez.
Just keep on winning.
Next up, another series. We weren't able to get
to much last episode. Montreal and Philadelphia.
They're currently tied at one game apiece.
They're actually playing right now as we speak.
Philadelphia's up 1-0 in the first period.
Cotter Hot. Maybe that was my birthday soliloquy
that I sent to Hazy that he posted on Instagram,
but the next day he gave up four goals and he was pulled.
You mushed him.
I mushed him. I mushed Carter Hart.
Montreal's all over Philly in game two.
I mean, they just suffocated them.
Philly looked like the opposite team from game one.
Alain Vigneigno he was pissed
off that kirk muller uh had the first power play unit out with the five-none lead of course kirk
muller is coaching for claude julian who had to leave to get a stent put in we wish him all the
best health i love claude i'm a big claude guy from his time in boston so we were sad to see he
had to leave the bubble but we're happy to see he's doing well and kirk muller did a fantastic
job in his steed whit i know you wanted to lead off on this
one what do you got buddy I wanted to lead off with at the NHL level you can't cry and whine
that a team is showing you up and and has their first power play unit out there especially not
in a time where the team's power play hasn't exactly been great for a long time and they're trying to
get it going and it actually was pretty freaking good in game two and they they're working on it
they've been off four months i mean who knows like why it's the nhl don't let them score if you don't
want their first power play on the ice jesus guys and i think that if you're doing that when kids
are like 10 years old you're a complete loser
and maybe then you you put out the kids who aren't as good but in the nhl get the big guns out there
if you want to get and by the way those guys want to get points points who what point guy doesn't
want to be on the power but doesn't care if it's 10 nothing or one nothing you can get more points
that's the smartest thing you've said on this podcast today wit was the fact that they're
working on their power play they went 0 for 12 in the first series against pittsburgh
we're playing in the fucking nhl that's like an nfl coach mad that like they scored a touchdown
at the end of the game to to go up by 21 or 28 like which happens which which happens belichick
he stepped on your throat you're working on shit you're you you're using you're you that's the best
possible practice time right there is in a game where teams are actually going to lay out in front of shots
and guys are going to try and stop you so elaine i have nothing against you absolutely ridiculous
post-game comments and given the fact that montreal is heading into that game with a little
bit more pep in their step given their play they're trying to win their coach. Now, I didn't give them a snowball's chance in hell
coming into this series,
and I think I may have underestimated their abilities
because they looked really good in game two.
They completely outplayed Philly.
Now, I mentioned emotional moments in the playoffs too,
and now Philly going into game three has one of their own
where Oscar Lindbaum ended up skating with them
in their last practice, correct?
Yeah, Biz, that was a great tweet we saw Sunday morning the Flyers tweeted out Oscar Lindbaum leading the morning stretch Sunday's practice I'm not sure when he's going to get back in the
lineup I think they said he wouldn't be playing in the first round but either way that's a great
sign for a kid you know going through all the Ewing's sarcoma treatment cancer treatment and
here he is looking to play hockey again so I don't care who your team is that's always a great sight
to see. Absolutely.
So right now, of course, you mentioned Philly off to that 1-0 lead.
But going back to game two, something that Montreal hadn't really had
up until this point.
They'd been surviving with their great defense of Shea Weber and Petrie,
the savior.
I know we got the T-shirt out of Carey Price, the savior.
Tatar and dolmy showed up
started producing a little offense and that's big news for montreal because that's one thing
they didn't have in round one on top of their power play was that secondary scoring so now
that's rolling a little bit so some positives for the montreal canadians going into game three where
all of a sudden i go from the snowball chance in hell comment to where i'm betting the house and
now i've lost the Pittsburgh house.
Now I might lose the fucking Philadelphia house.
Good thing I got three, not a big deal.
But very promising.
1-1 series here.
I'm very interested once we get off to watch the rest of this game.
Same here.
A couple things to say.
Montreal is making me look like a fool.
That's no surprise.
That happens quite often.
There's also another team in the East that is doing that.
They have terrible uniforms and had a couple games in Brooklyn the past few
years.
But I digress.
They are in your face and quick.
And also, Kirk Muller taking over.
I mean, that guy's been a head coach.
He was a head coach in Carolina like 2012, 13, 14,
and he knows what he's doing.
I'm sure guys enjoy playing for him.
They might change up a few things, but probably not,
but they just have this incredible goaltender,
and it's like R.A. made the point.
Maybe who knows what can happen in this in this crazy uh summer hockey uh cup run we have
going but they could maybe just continue to go on this run here's the thing though philly needs
their top guys to score their their five their five leading goal scorers in the regular season
don't have a goal so um i mean i don't really want really want to  Konechny, Couturier, Giroux, Hazy, and Van Riemsdyk.
A bunch of guys who've been on the show.
So we're going to tickle a little bump here.
They've got to get going.
They're not playing bad at all, but they haven't scored.
So, I just think with Price, it's crazy.
And the other guy I want to talk about, and what a trade getting Philip to know he is,
that guy's good.
He,
he plays on the right side of the puck all over the ice.
He's never out of position.
He's a smart player.
He's got way more skill than I think a lot of people realize.
And they got him,
they got him and a draft pick,
I believe for Dale Weississ and Thomas Fleischman.
So what a trade that was because he's a guy that, first of all,
Chicago would love to have him still.
And Montreal is just reaping the benefits of having this smart two-way centerman
who's playing big minutes and all guys up front.
I mean, they have four checks relentless.
So Philly needs to figure that out, and their big guns got to score.
But it's not at all over this series.
1-1.
Another mulligan for Pussy Crusher 6969 on the no trade?
Yeah, come on, Bomi.
What an AOL name he had.
One other Montreal guy we got to mention is Jesperi Kokonemi.
Jesperi Kokonemi. Fucking Jesperi Kotkaniemi.
Fucking Christ.
That might have been the worst one.
He had a rough regular season, and at one point,
I think they sent him down to the American Hockey League.
So he was maybe regressing a little bit.
But ever since he's gotten in that bubble, it seems like he's finding his step.
Four goals now in six games for the Habs,
not including the one currently going on.
So that's a bright spot if he can get going for that Montreal team He's got four goals now in six games for the Habs, not including the one currently going on.
So that's a bright spot if he can get going for that Montreal team because he's a third overall pick.
And we talked about the drop-off after second overall
where you don't want to get hooped with that third overall pick
and then have a guy not pan out.
That can really set your organization back.
So good to see him.
He's from Finland, correct?
Yes. Yeah, he was on TV the other day. My wife says, how old is that frigging kid? That can really set your organization back. So good to see him. He's from Finland, correct?
Yes.
Yeah, he was on TV the other day.
My wife says, how old is that freaking kid?
He's only 20.
He's already got two years in the league.
But I love watching that kid play.
I don't care what color jersey he wears.
He's a treat.
And it goes back to the pressure we put on these kids.
As soon as they come in the league, especially if they're a high draft pick,
it's like, where's the points?
Where's the production?
Trade Quinn Hughes.
Or not Quinn Hughes. Who's the other one jack hughes get rid of them all you know it's it's just kind of the
way it goes i do want to see if jack hughes can end up quinn hughes has that more of a fast twitch
fast twitch muscle kind of like good roll do you know what i'm saying like yes i feel like
jack's maybe he's more fluid and, but in terms of that quick burst,
I think Quinn has it.
Now, Jack easily might get it over an offseason or two, but that kid,
whew, yeah, we keep going back to him.
American defenseman, lighting it up.
Lastly, one other guy I want to mention,
how awesome it is to have Shea Weber playing in the playoffs again
and at this level, man.
He's a guy, you know, you haven't seen him a lot in the playoffs lately.
He's such a fucking force out there.
Absolute bomb.
He's caught a 200-foot empty netter.
I think it was in the round robin, but he's just an absolute joy to watch.
He's a Game of Thrones character.
He really is, man.
He's the mountain man.
And there was one other tweet.
Wyshynski tweeted out, since Gritty's syrup video,
there was a video of Gritty.
He poured, like, maple syrup all over some Canadian's fucking shirt
or contraption or whatever. Ever since since that video not including tonight's game montreal scored five
goals zero for philly hot got pulled and connect me got hurt so i don't know gritty porn you're
calling gritty the mush you're the guy who's the mush and you're calling gritty the mush
deflecting the mushness all right right, moving right along here.
Saturday night, Tampa held off Columbus in yet another nail-biter.
One game three, three to two, and they lead the series two games to one.
Victor Hedman is certainly looking fine out there playing unreal hockey.
Braden Point has a six-game point streak.
Yunus Karpasalo, man, that guy is on fire still.
He's got a 9-5-6-8 percentage, 1-5-1 goals against.
This is a great series, man.
I don't see how this doesn't go seven.
What's your take on this one, brother?
I think that it's exactly what we kind of figured
and that this Columbus team is just  they're not stopping.
It's not going to be easy.
It feels like seven games, and it feels like the team has
they've picked up  they've almost taken it as like, we can be just as good.
We can go even farther even without having those guys.
Like they did not at all make us who we were last year in our little run, right?
I mean, they had a nice little experience in the playoffs last year.
And then all everyone talked about, like me, is that it was going to be hard for them to win hockey games and now in this style where it's just outwork similar to
the canadians but they're even better the tampas yeah they got the lead in the series but it's not
easy so i just think headman that was the difference headman headman wasn't wasn't himself
last year was even playing i know he played the couple of the games, if not all of them.
He was not healthy and couldn't do anything.
And now you're seeing a full-strength, number-one D-man in the NHL dominate.
And it's still, though, it's difficult.
And I think that this series is just going to continue to be back and forth
because this game and that series and Vancouver and St. Louis
are the two best to watch right now, I think.
From the bit I've watched of this series,
I've noticed that Tampa, of course, playing at the pace that they play with
and playing with the puck the majority of the time.
Game three outshot Columbus 2-1.
It was 34-17 in shots.
But they're out hitting them too.
They have a chip on their shoulder.
I don't know if you've been following it up but it's clear that they had to pick up a little bit of meat
in the offseason pat maroon one of the guys that i'm referring to uh i think it was a great signing
i think he had five hits last game i iso cam him every shift you ever look at this guy
he is a fucking i saw your tweet he's a Sequoia on skates, man.
You can't move him.
The minute he gets it along the wall and he starts protecting it,
it's kind of funny to see D try to knock him off the puck.
And then he goes to the net front and same thing there.
But just overall, a lot of guys that are underappreciated around the league
that you start noticing when you watch them more, like Palat.
That guy is  you never even hear his name because he's surrounded by guys like Braden Point, Kucherov, Stamkos, Hedman.
So these guys like Killorn and him go unnoticed.
So they are so deep right now.
They're definitely in my top three teams in the league.
I don't know how close Stamkos is to coming back.
That might bump them down to four.
But I agree with you in the sense that Columbus just won't go away.
They play on the right side of the puck constantly. but I agree with you in the sense that Columbus just won't go away.
They play on the right side of the puck constantly, but I think that this is going to be a year where we see Tampa make a run,
and I just think that they seem a lot more determined
and less intimidated by the physicality than last year, in my opinion.
They were my cup pick. Sorry.
That's all right. Go ahead, Ira.
A couple of the Blue Jacks who stood out to me
was this kid, Alexander
Texier. He's the center.
Kid, I mean, I don't even know
if he played any games with them this season. They called him up
I think for the return to play.
The kid's been unbelievable. No, no. He was
playing this year. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. I take that
back. He was playing this year. I think I mentioned
him last time, but he's from France.
He's just a freak.
Probably gets after it, too.
Frenchman.
Yeah, 36 games he played this year.
But, yeah, he's jumped out at me.
And also, too, the defenseman on Columbus, David Savad.
He's not flashy.
He's not, you know, he's not a Quinn Hughes or anything,
but he just plays great two-way hockey.
He seems to be all over the ice, involved with lots of stuff.
So a couple guys I've been enjoying watching play the way.
We talk about this all the time.
And I know that we underestimated Columbus,
given the fact that they'd lost all those guys, the free agency.
And I thought they were going to be a bottom feeder this year,
but they have drafted and developed so well that that will continue to keep
you relevant. And you don't even need to spend to the cap.
I mean, it's similar to Colorado, their fifth lowest cap team,
and look at them fucking buzzing around, and not to shift conversations,
but it's a great job by their brass in rebooting this team
and doing so so quickly.
You mentioned Corpus Allo.
That guy's the real deal.
And then they got Elvis, too.
Two young studs in net.
No doubt about that.
All right, Biz, you're up this time.
On Saturday afternoon, Arizona got right back into the series
with a 4-2 win in Game 3 over the Avalanche.
I mean, Darcy Kemper, we've been talking about him ad nauseum here,
stopped 49 of 51 shots.
It was absolutely unreal.
Single-handedly led them to a victory.
Biz, that's your team.
Tell us what you saw.
Well, Game 2, they were awesome.
And even Bednar would tell you that he thought the Coyotes outplayed them
and deserved to win that hockey game.
But, you know, that's just the type of depth and the team that Colorado is.
They end up pulling through 2-0.
But Darcy Kemper stole game three.
He was first, second, and third star for the Yotes.
Colorado, last game.
Oh, my goodness. And I know i've been stroking quinn hughes off and
people are probably like oh like are you done slobbing fucking kel mccarr's knob now because
you're on quinn hughes no this guy can fucking motor and i think he like pivots around people
it's crazy watch the new age it's the new age. It's the new age.
He's another example of a video game player.
I'll put him as far as a defenseman in the McDavid class of how he can just move around.
He's 10 and two with his blades and shit buzzing around in the ozone.
It's like a fucking swarm of bees and shit.
Every time, it seems like every time McKinnon's on the ice, he is too.
Just in the fact that McKinnon probably wants him snapping on the passes.
But they looked really good.
I know their power play hasn't been good so far as far as results,
but they sustained pressure in the O zone.
They're just working it around.
So for the Coyotes' sake, man, they just got to play like they did in game two
and drag them into that dogfight, no pun intended,
and try not to play that track meet style because they they played a little bit of it well a lot of it in game one that was a a ridiculous game but more in game two or game three excuse me it wasn't
as bad but the minute they get moving around man it's it's to me to me top three them vegas and and the bees are are in that top realm
for me how about mckinnon truck how about mckinnon trucking that off today oh dude that was the most
vicious reverse hit he looked like a tank when he just like exploded into him in the slow motion
one i saw just i still though darcy camper, remember you mentioned, like, top Canadian goalie in the world
or one of them, and I was like, oh, you think he'd be on the Olympic team?
This guy's filthy.
Every game, you know, he's getting 40 saves.
I mean, the team's getting outplayed, but this guy, it's similar to Price.
I mean, who knows what could happen?
They definitely can't go down 3-1.
They'd have to tie it up.
Here's a stat for you.
He set the franchise record last series for most saves in a period at 19 in the first period against the the preds
he just beat his own record uh in game three against colorado 20 saves in the first period so
um he absolutely ridiculous playing out of his mind talking about mckinnon um i don't want to
pump these guys tires too hard because we're still in the midst of battle here. But
overall package, I
think I'm taking him second under
McDavid.
And just
that drive and that fierce
competitiveness is something you can't
teach. And you could tell he
feels like the time is now
for him to start catching Sid. And he's
got to win one when he's young.
And we know that he follows Sid in everything he does,
and I feel that he thinks he has the team right now where he can taste it,
and nothing is going to hold him back.
And watching him play shift to shift, he does not take one shift off.
He is a maniac out there.
He's a pit bull.
You saw that reverse hit on Osterle.
He is a man amongst boys out there he's a pit bull you saw that reverse hit on osterly he is he is a man amongst
boys out there you put you posted that clip that gif is that what you call it the gifs no it's gif
yeah this is team gif yeah we're gifers i've learned that over it took me a long time but it's
gif and and you you saw him come off the half wall i don't know if was a power play, but he ends up dangling the guy with one hand.
I don't want to mention names for the Coyotes.
I don't want to hurt any feelings here,
but he is just a one-man wrecking crew.
And then they put him, Lannis, Scog, and Rantan together,
and then you got a three-headed monster.
So a lot of weapons on that Avs team.
It's going to take a lot for these Yotes to beat him,
so Yotes and six.
And go listen to McKinnon's interview
if you haven't ever that we had with him
because that's when you'll see how focused and driven this guy is.
It's Sid.
It's very similar where right now he's, I need one.
I need to get one early.
He probably feels like he's been in the league forever.
He's been in the league like five years, hasn't he?
I feel like he's fucking 10 years old.
But, yeah, time is now for the abs for the abs and they are, they're, they're flying.
They're just, they have everything.
After game two,
it was going to be a back to back between games two and three.
And they asked them about, you know,
how do you think he's going to feel? And he's like,
there's a reason I win fitness testing every year.
When I go into training camp, he goes, I'll be buzzing tomorrow.
And he was, they ended up losing, but he, he is so fun to watch great quote that was a
great quote i'll be buzzing tomorrow there's a reason i win fitness testing everywhere just
shitting on his teammates not a big deal uh hey boys it's summer the weather is warming up sports
are back in full swing with the nhl playoffs going on right now and that means you need to stay
hydrated with our favorite sports drink body armor i've been slugging this stuff all summer.
Huge fan of the strawberry banana and the watermelon strawberry.
Super refreshing stuff.
Gets all that important stuff back in your body as well.
Bodyama has no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes.
It's potassium-packed and full of electrolytes
with all the things you need to keep you hydrated during the summer months,
and it tastes great.
That's the most important part for me.
You can learn more at bodyarmor.com or order any of their flavors
from Amazon right now.
Again, check out that strawberry banana, watermelon, strawberry.
Those are my favorites.
Go give them a whirl.
Drinkbodyarmor.com or go grab some on Amazon.
It's good stuff.
Well, speaking of good stuff, now we're going to bring on a good pal of mine.
He's probably the best hockey mind at Bastille.
Didn't play in the NHL, I guess I'll say.
Bastille Chief.
Guy knows his stuff.
He loves the Hawks.
So without further ado, let's bring him on.
Well, talking about the Chicago Blackhawks,
who else would we bring on other than Bastille Chief?
Probably the best hockey blogger at Bastille for my money.
Guy's an absolute expert when it comes to the Chicago Blackhawks.
Welcome.
Thanks for joining us, Chief.
You guys always give me, like, the biggest tire pump when I come on,
so I appreciate that intro.
I don't know if I'm the best hockey player, but I'm fired up right now.
Your peas are popping, dude.
We've been talking a lot this episode about the popping of the peas,
and yours are ripping.
So we appreciate you coming on, and we know you were getting ready.
You were getting ready for an embarrassing sweep.
I think the second in a row it would have been for the Blackhawks,
and they get a big W.
So tell us what kind of changed in game four.
I won't lie to you guys.
We have the wonton Don, Donnie Does, in Chicago right now.
So we had a boat day.
Oh, so you're wrecked right now.
I love it.
You're in my shape right now.
day oh so you're right now i love it you're a mice you're a mice shape right now so i filmed like a pre-video of like this is what's going to happen when they get swept because i was very like
mentally prepared for them to get swept and i've liked the way that they've played or competed
games two three and now four and uh yeah so not it's weird today was a cropper day so i
fuck everybody that was just talking shit about him after game one.
And he's been a little bit leaky.
But, you know, it's like when the chips are down, like, he's the guy.
Like, he's just the man.
He always comes through.
And it was great to see.
It was a great day for Crawford.
40-something stops.
Absolutely spectacular tonight.
Well, I mean, who else are they going to put in that?
A pushy crusher traded away a letter.
Well, that's the part that's kind of, well, I mean,
I get pissed about people for criticizing that trade too.
Like, I think you guys probably know how I feel about Stan at this point,
but they're a 12th place team.
They're absolutely sellers.
You can't, like, retroactively blame Stan for trading Leonard at the deadline.
Like, that was the most obvious move of all time because
he said he wasn't going to resign
a long-term deal.
I thought the trade was fine then
and I've always been more of a Crawford guy
anyway, so to see him be able to rub
Leonard's nose and shit
a little bit tonight, the weird header goal by
Leonard on his own net and then Crawford
just standing on his head.
They're going to need him to steal games
if they were going to be able to compete with Vegas
and make this a longer series, and he definitely did that tonight.
So I'm like, as a fan of a guy who just loves Corey Crawford,
I was thrilled with how tonight went.
I never thought this would happen, but the Chicklets podcast
has bridged the gap between you and Stan Bowman, and I like this.
Can you believe it? Can you believe it?
I mean, I'm still firm on my position.
I'm watching, you know, Philip Deneau kill it for Montreal and Paravine and for Carolina.
So I'm still, you know, driving that fire Stan wagon.
But yeah, this is good therapy.
On that issue alone, I'm with him.
So this is therapy.
So let's let the Deneau trade go, considering he was a seller of Leonard at the deadline.
We can swap those two out, right?
That, and I got to say, hand up.
I was wrong about Kirby Doc.
That guy is a killer.
He's unbelievable.
You were already dogging him that early?
Oh, my goodness.
Well, I wanted Byram on draft night.
I thought that kid looked like the real deal.
And it was just that pick was, like, kind of criticized.
And we had Button on from TSN to break down the draft.
And he got in my head big time being like,
Hawks don't take Bowen Byram.
Like, they're morons.
And then when they passed and took Doc, I i was not thrilled there's no chance bowen
byron would have dropped as many f-bombs on spitting chicklets had they picked him so don't
even try they heard they heard about his vo2 when he was ripping the bong with stevie y that's why
they got him i listened to that interview i'm like put a c on his chest like he'll be he'll
be the next one after case because that interview like, this guy's got the right stuff.
Typical Western leaguer too.
Like plays a little bit of jam, some sandpaper.
And like, he's the type of guy he's always going to be a top six.
Won't need to fight a lot,
but I could imagine him being one of those guys when the wires cross,
look out, he's hitting, he's fucking driving.
He's driving in with the G wagon with the fucking belt on.
I feel like they've been, they've been kind of taking liberties with him a little bit and he's hitting he's fucking driving he's driving in with the g-wagon with the fucking belt on well i just i feel like they've been they've been kind of taking liberties with him a little bit and he's a big boy so he just takes it and like he's i think if he were a vet he would have been
drawing penalties left and right in this series they're straight up assaulting that kid he's
gonna one punch revo next game yeah i wouldn't be surprised well revo ran him over pretty good
in game one but he he's like Kirby Doc.
He looks like the real deal.
So credit to Stan on that one, too.
So I can be objective and honest about it.
Credit to me.
Yeah, I don't think we're going to see the C on his chest.
Maybe an F.
Oh, the fucking F bombs he dropped.
Chief, Chicago's a huge dog this series.
But they've been in pretty much every game but the first one.
Three three-goal games.
I'm sorry, three one-goal games.
An overtime game.
What's Chicago doing to be able to stay in these games
with a team that's much more talented than them?
Yeah, I think you really saw a lot of adjustments after game one, too.
So they were kind of playing a little bit of a defensive shell in game one.
Tonight, I think Vegas was going for the kill,
and they tightened the screws,
and that's why the game was a little bit upside down Vegas is a better team like no one no one denies that but I've
liked the Hawks you know they yeah when you got the Han and Murphy out there as a second pair like
you can always trust them they play a safe and simple game they move the puck into good areas
they give their guys a chance and then you know the Hawks top six and keep it tight so they they
adjusted after game one they played a little bit bit more, I would say, aggressive.
We've seen Duncan Keith kind of jumping up into play quite a bit,
giving guys an extra outlet on the rush.
And they're creating a little bit, and they're being aggressive.
They're not sitting back, and they're basically like, hey, Vegas,
you guys are awesome, but we're not going to roll over and give it to you.
So I've actually loved the way that they play this set after after game three that, you know, it's conceivable somehow,
some way that this series could be 2-1 Hawks.
You know, Kane had, you know, the two off the post in game three,
overtime game two.
You know, they're not getting embarrassed.
I actually really love the effort.
And R.A., I think it was you saying, you know,
almost back-to-back sweeps in the playoffs between 2017 and Nashville.
Like, that series was an embarrassment, and they were never in it.
This one has been like I'm proud of the guys, the way that they're playing.
So I like the way that they're going,
and I wish they had gotten a couple of bounces that it would put the series.
Ripping off four straight is going to be impossible,
but I wish they had got a couple of bounces.
It might have a whole different look to it.
But they're looking like a good team and a team that's sticking to their plan
and not, you know, just conceding to the team that everyone has the odds on
to ever win the Stanley Cup.
For those of you who aren't familiar with Chicago Blackhawks history,
you guys scored two goals in that Nashville series?
Yeah, I think it was something like that.
It took them like  I think they got shut out the first two games.
So they couldn't forecheck.
They might have had like three seconds of zone time the whole second game.
They got housed like 5-1.
So, yeah, this is a much different vibe.
And, you know, we're still waiting for patrick kane to like pop off
and do his thing and like if i'm vegas like i know it's 3-1 but like that game you think it has to
come like now it's four games that came not you know being able to bury and he had some quality
chances tonight in the third uh i think it's coming maybe this they might be able to stretch
this to six games so i i love the way they're playing and competing and it seems like the guys you know
have all really kind of bought in to this adjusted plan that kind of changed after game one.
This is a two-part question did you pleasure yourself to that backhand pass that Patrick
Kane made to Dylan Strom and the second part of the question what what do you think about Dylan
Strom moving forward because I think that at this point in time, it looks as if
though you guys won that trade.
I'm surprised to hear you say that
because he's been...
You guys saw me at the
Pondoggy thing. I still say that
I could score 10 a year playing with Kane
because he gave him a cookie, that backhand
and he had three assists that game. That one was unbelievable.
You would have fell down before you got there.
You would have fell down before you got to that. You would have fell down before you got to that.
And then you're the type of guy to blame the trainer
for the lack of a skate sharpener.
Yeah, someone sharpen my skates, make sure my ankles are taped,
and we'll be fine.
But, yeah, that pass was unbelievable.
I've liked this game the last two days.
They're kind of, you know, now we can go back to the part where I get to rip on Stan.
They're kind of in cap hell coming up here.
The cap's staying flat.
They've got to pay Kubelik.
They've got Shaw and Seabrook coming off long-term IR.
They've got the Brinkett's contract coming in.
It'd be hard for them to really justify paying Strom to, you know,
I don't know what he'd command,
maybe around 3 million when you've got Kirby Dock as your second center.
So if Strom was going to be your 2C, then maybe you pay him.
He seems like almost like they don't have anybody to replace him,
but he does seem kind of like a luxury given the status of the cap situation.
And even with that said, I think I might agree with you about
I didn't want to commit what Schmaltz gets, six and a half over seven years,
something like that.
I think he's averaging 5.8.
But where I see Stromer as a really, really, really good third-line center.
And he might end up being a second-line center, but as you really, really, really good third-line center. And he might end up being a second-line center,
but as you said, very difficult to pay him that money.
But he's restricted.
I don't know if he's got ARB rights or not,
because I think he's coming out of his entry level.
But I really like him, and I think he fits in nice there.
And he reminds me of that Bolin type.
He doesn't play with as big of a chip
on his shoulder but substitute that out with probably a better point production and I think
you guys got yourself I think you guys got yourself a player yeah I I like him a lot I like
him you know if you can pick the matchups you know he's he's not great defensively he doesn't have a
lot of foot speed but he and Debrinket have like they're like soulmates or something like he's they have like
this weird chemistry like you talk about guys it's crazy to say them in the same breath as like
brestky and curry but like that they have like that kind of weird it is it is i know i know it
is i'm just solani korea like they're not those guys but they're like but they
have like this weird thing like when they actually let them play together we call it
yeah yeah there you go and so if you had them as like the brinkett scored 40 this year you kind of
regressed but if that could be somehow like two-thirds of your third line and you get to
pick matchups and give them ozone draws like that's that's a
pretty good third line and uh and especially like you know if you have doc and taves like you don't
need to worry about having a shot you can have a guy like strome because you have two guys who
are going to be like responsible 200 foot you know selkie type guys and i do think i think i
think doc's got that in his future. He looks like he just
understands the game, wants to be
conscientious defensively.
He's like the real...
You want to talk about people I touch myself to,
it's Kirby Doc.
Oh, geez. They're going to get the
restraining order.
You're never going to get
a broken stick in the period
intermission shooting contest.
Yeah, we won't be able to invite you to shoot at Center Ice next time when Witt missed.
That's all right.
You've got to fill us in as much as it might hurt you to say,
but Vegas, they are legit, huh?
I mean, is there any team deeper?
Like, I know you're watching that series closely, so you're seeing how good they are.
They remind me a little bit of like the 2010 hawks where they just kind of come at you in waves and then they throw that fourth line you guys remember that fourth line they had like burish
and eager and like buff would move up and down but they had some big nasty boys on that so they
could play any type of hockey you want it you want to be rough and tumble they had you do you want to
play up and down, they have you.
Like Vegas, maybe they don't have the Taves and Kane superstar Hall of Fame guys,
but they come at you in waves and they can play any style.
They're awesome.
Watching this series, I'm praying the Hawks pull off some kind of miracle,
but as soon as the series is over, I'm putting a future on Vegas to win it.
They got everything.
I think Madden was the fourth line center that year, wasn't he?
He was doing fourth line center when he face-offs
in book and limousine rides.
All right, well, Chief, thank you so much for having us on,
or coming on, I should say, Jesus Christ.
Are we on the Chief podcast?
Yeah, we're on the Chief podcast.
Yeah, I want us on because we're in Chicago right now in biz world.
Oh, shit, I would have been out in the boat with him all day if I knew know. It's so odd because we're in Chicago right now in biz world. Oh, shit.
I would have been out in the boat with him all day if I knew that.
Big thank you to you and PC69 for inviting me in.
No, but thanks for coming on, man.
Great insight into the Hawks.
And I can't wait to listen to trolls tell you you're wrong about every single aspect of the Hawks.
That's my favorite thing.
I love to just go back and, like, I'll make little bookmarks and be like,
this guy was wrong.
I'm going to hit him back in a week when the Hawks proved me right.
And, and like, I, I'm a, I'm a major grudge guy.
So I hold grudges and this is,
this will be an easy one if they can rip off a couple more here.
All right, buddy.
All right, chief.
Thanks so much.
Thanks so much for joining us, pal.
We'll have our Chicago matches on.
We'll have you back on a little later.
All right.
Sounds good.
Love it, boys.
Have a good one.
You too, pal.
Take care.
See you, bud.
Big thanks to our buddy Chief for jumping on,
talking a little Blackhawks for us.
Like I said, I think he's probably the best hockey analyst blogger at
Barstool.
He obviously played the game at a somewhat high level,
so he has a lot of insights he likes to share.
So thanks again to Chief.
Moving on to the next series, the Islanders beat the Caps 2-1 Sunday
afternoon in overtime.
They have a commanding 3-0 lead in that series right now. Chief. Moving on to the next series, the Islanders beat the Caps 2-1 Sunday afternoon in overtime.
They have a commanding 3-0 lead in that series right now. Isles are just grinding the absolute life out of the Caps right now. Backstrom, of course, got hurt. He didn't play in game three.
I'm not sure he would have made much of a difference, but the Caps, man, they look lifeless.
They're just, I mean, they have more talent than the Isles, but you're not seeing it on the ice
at all. You wonder if Todd Redden, you know, he's second-year coach in the team.
They're on the cusp of being swept two years after winning the Cup,
after getting knocked out in the first round last year.
I don't know, man.
What's your take on this series right now?
The Islanders, the Islanders are  I've said this many times.
They're a really good team.
They're really good.
I mean, this is exactly what happened last year.
I picked against them, and they rolled through the Penguins in the first round,
and they are just, like, did you say suffocating?
They're just, they're making Washington look so useless.
They're making Washington look like they want nothing to do
with being on the ice with them.
So you've got to give credit.
Like I say, they're boring to watch.
Barzell, this guy, is so unreal when he's on the ice.
There was a point today, I think in one or two shifts,
he's doing full laps around the offensive zone, wheeling,
bringing it to the middle, back to the outside, looking for guys, feeding it to the point,
and then the overtime winner to even stay on.
Wait, can I interrupt you there?
Were you talking about the shift, and then he ended up back checking
and falling down in front of the goalie, and they zoomed in on him,
and he wasn't even breathing heavy, and he'd been out there
for like 90 seconds buzzing around the Ozone?
It's insane.
He is  it must be  So he's on the gas. It must be so  oh, he's around the ozone. It's, it's, it's insane. He is,
it must be,
it must be.
So he's on the gas.
It must be so,
he's on the gas.
He must be so weird to play with him at the beginning.
Cause he's just able to literally just fly around the zone and end up,
he ends up finding lanes or cutting in or a guy gets open.
It's,
and,
but to stay on side and get that dish and then just,
you just roasted Carlson water.
Carlson was the guy coming across and scores that beauty OT winner.
They go up 3-0.
They haven't  the Capitals, they have no more than two goals in any game.
Like they can't score.
So I think the only guys who scored in this series are Oshie Ovechkin
and then Kuznetsov got one.
Who else scored today?
I think Tommy Wilson got one too, but they're really missing Backstrom right now.
Yep.
We talked about how when you take a guy like Hedman out of the lineup
where he's controlling so much of the play
and doing so for 25 to 30 minutes a game,
much like that at center ice position, especially with a guy like that.
And although their power play has been okay,
he's still snapping it around and directing traffic on the power play as well.
So to me, that loss was  I don't want to say the series at that point,
but what was crazy to see and just how crazy of a level
Islanders are playing on right now was in basically what you'd
think is an elimination game in game three the first period and a half washington was non-existent
they had no answer and the the islanders man holy shit they are just roll the whole team out over
the bench i saw that i saw that pajo create his own breakaway just with his foot speed.
I didn't realize how fast that guy was.
Yeah, through the middle when he skated by three capital players.
Yeah, just buzzing by.
So they must all be on the gas.
So I don't know.
It's Borelli's gas.
You just probably just crushed the toilet after,
but you fly around and light up the score sheet from the pregame meal.
Yeah, definitely disappointed in the Caps
and how they've played up to this point.
And I felt like they were rolling pretty good in regular season,
just the reboot has not treated them well,
and Islanders just really came to play, so you've got to credit them.
And Islanders fans, yeah, you guys are, I think, 6-1 in the playoffs.
I mean, you're outscoring the opponents 24-12.
You're dominating.
But I think they're 11 or 12-2 in the first round of playoff games
since the 2014 season was.
And in the second round, they're 1-8.
So, yeah, you're doing great, and you're going to win the first round,
but we'll see after that because the only thing I've ever said
besides you're boring to play, to watch,
which I'm starting to maybe switch up on a little bit,
the other thing is I just said you're not going to win the Cup.
So, enjoy the success.
It's been very impressive in Washington.
They really do miss their star centerman.
You're right. Well, I'm going to stay in the success. It's been very impressive in Washington. They really do miss their star centerman. You're right.
Well, I'm going to stay in the moment.
I just finished joining the New York Islanders Boosters Club,
so I'll be rooting for them.
And I think right now they look like the team to beat.
And, of course, the former Washington goaltender, Simeon Valamoff,
outdueling the current one, Braden Hoppe, as I sort of suspected.
But I didn't think we'd see Washington this lifeless.
I thought we'd see a lot more punch out of them.
And, you know, if they do get swept,
we'll obviously be keeping an eye on the front office in Washington
because, you know, this is a guy that replaced the Stanley Cup winning coach
with, and he's on the verge of being dumped two times in the first round
in a row.
I would consider it the same level as what the Penguins just did.
They feel like they only have a certain amount of window with this core group, and the time to win is now, R.A.
So I completely agree with your point.
Okay.
And we have one more series to go over.
In one of Sunday's most exciting games,
the Stars tied the game with 12 seconds left,
then won it in OT to tie their series with Calgary.
Initially, Dallas thought they tied the game on a goal by Corey Perry, but it was
waived off a goaltender interference. But Joe Pavelski tied it with 12 seconds left. It was the
first postseason hat-trick in Dallas Stars history. Not Minnesota, not the franchise, just while the
team's in Dallas. Of course, Calgary is missing Matthew Kachuk. He took a beating in game two.
He got a stick to the nads, or at least the groin area. He got Malachi crunched, ended up missing the last two games.
He is concussed per a sports net.
Obviously we want to see him get back out there.
The flames love taking penalties.
They got to clean that shit up.
Oh my God.
Corey Perry dialing back the clock a little bit here.
He's your old teammate.
Let's go to you first.
Yeah.
Perry looks great.
It was tough because I don't really think he did anything wrong or could have done anything different on the original goal that tied it up by i think dickinson scored it
and that ended up getting called off because perry was called for goaltender interference
he was just kind of driving the net on an unreal rush by rupe hints but that game was so exciting
and perry yeah he's looked awesome but pavelski i mean what what a career i think
that's his 53rd playoff goal um so you know a former captain he doesn't what he doesn't know
everything guys get everything great hair too i saw him with the helmet off and the reason i want
to mention him having the helmet off is because they were showing him on the bench with Tyler Sagan, and Sagan made this maybe the goofiest, most uncoordinated play,
then immediately followed by the most coordinated, amazing save to stay on sides
because he was just entering the zone, toe-picked,
and was literally going to fall off sides into the offensive zone,
reach back with his leg, barely somehow stayed on side, so they reviewed it.
The goal ends up standing as Pavelski scores 10 seconds left.
And then the other thing about this game,
and you talk about the dominant D who can do it offensively
and skate up ice with ease, Klingberg is a menace on the ice.
In the whole game, he owned the Calgary Flames.
He's flying through the ice
making plays he gets the ot winner he has a rocket so just fabulous i think it was their 60 second
shot of the game so dallas has tough time scoring once in a while but calgary without kachuk i think
that was the one when i saw when you see he's out and that you hear it's concussion in a minimum of
six seven days i think i read you gotta you gotta think it's concussion in a minimum of six, seven days, I think I read, you've got to think it's going to be hard for them
if they're going to move on with the way the first line really isn't producing
and not having Kachuk, who is, I say, their MVP.
And Talbot, fuck.
Yeah, well, I was going to say positives for Calgary right now, goaltending.
He's played really well, stood on his head in game four.
That Kachuk loss
is massive. Other
good news for Calgary, their power play is doing
well right now.
Kachuk, when the
hit originally happened, I thought it was his knee.
It looked like he hyperextended his knee,
but clearly as he was going down the
hallway, you could see he just wasn't all there.
Right now, they're saying it's a concussion, R.A.
I don't know if you'd already mentioned that.
I did.
Okay.
Yeah.
So that's a scary situation because, one, obviously his head's mush right now,
and you don't know when he's coming back.
And he's your emotional leader.
So you go from having the series at you're up 2-1, you're going in OT,
you lose that, demoralizing, and you don't have your heart and soul guy.
Well, Biz, you're up 2-1 with 10 seconds from going up 3-1 too.
True.
And I didn't even mention that because I feel like every fucking game
somebody's scoring a goal in the last minute now.
How many times has that happened in the round robin and now?
Like 10 times.
It's insanity. And Dallas has done it, it i think every time they've won a game as they've scored in the last
minute they just fucking don't show up for 59 minutes and then speaking of dallas just like
the regular season they were brutal at the start of the season and looked like shit they couldn't
put passes together they had no offense whatsoever and just like they looked like shit in the round, Robin,
and they looked like shit in the first game of this series,
all of a sudden I feel like they're catching steam.
And now they're making it work, and Perry's revived,
and Pavelski's still doing what Pavelski does.
And, you know, Sagan's played a little bit better.
He's starting to heat up too.
And then they get these two guys on the back end, Klingberg and hiskinon is how am i saying it right he's fucking nasty too but you
don't even notice it he's like the seth jones he's just doing it and it's just like oh my god he just
ate up 25 minutes ice and he didn't make a fucking mistake so i don't know man i would have picked
calgary the whole way especially after they're up 2-1. But now without Kachuk, without giving up that last-minute goal,
losing at heartbreak in OT,
and the way that Dallas has been playing as of late, I don't know.
I don't know, man.
I'm not very confident in my pick.
Who did I take in that series?
I think you took Calgary as well.
I think I had Calgary in seven, six or seven.
But Dallas Stars are looking
good. That was a fun game to watch.
It was a really good game, man.
It was back and forth.
It's been a hard series to follow, as you mentioned, R.A.
Yeah, there's so many
games going on. They've been doing a good job
of scheduling them apart, but it seems like every time
Calgary's on, there's another game that maybe
is a period later. I tend to watch the games that are later in the game and go
back to the other one. And yeah, I misspoke. I said Perry scored. I meant he committed, he was,
well, found guilty of goaltending at the fair, and so he didn't actually score the goal that
was disallowed. A couple of other notes here. How about Tobias Reeder? His third playoff shorty,
which is tied a record that a bunch of guys have had, but this was crazy. His first three career playoff goals have all been shorthanded no one's ever done that in the history of the league
before so that's a feather in his cap and also tyler sagan man he didn't get his first two points
of the playoffs till today a couple of assists so uh you know if they're going to win the series
they need to get him going a lot better than he has been i like it um i wanted to revisit that
you asked me about the Fleury and Leonard thing,
and I kind of went on the spiel about having a 1A, 1-2.
And one good thing about Fleury, DeBoer mentioned it after the game.
He said Fleury couldn't have handled it any more professional than he did.
And Fleury also did so the first time when he went through it
with Murray in Pittsburgh.
So you have a goalie in place who's a 1B right now to Leonard
who is being so supportive and understanding the role
and being so accepting of it where it's not shifting the culture
or the atmosphere in the room whatsoever.
So that in itself pays for itself.
And on the flip side of that one, I wanted to mention something.
There was a story that came out about Shea Weber and how
I retweeted it on my Twitter account.
And the gist of it was, is, you know, when he got to Montreal, the trainers would then take the bag
after the guys had thrown their last piece of equipment in from there to the truck. And they
had to do all that work. And when Shea Weber got there, he, he took his own bag there and the
trainers like, Hey, no, we do that. And he said, no, from now on, the guys will do that part of it. And it'll save them 20, 30 minutes.
And it's just like a small example of some things that like analytics
and maybe people online won't mention when a move happened like it happened
when he came over from the Preds because people were shocked, right?
And I think as time progresses, people are starting to see like,
well, that trade wasn't
exactly so one-sided now was it and just that leadership and and it's uh his his in general
is just he has just this demeanor about him where he's got this calmness and when he speaks or when
he does anything it just it filters down so it's it was a really cool story to read and probably a big reason
as to why this Montreal Canadiens team has overachieved.
And I think that most people at this point would consider this year's success
as far as how far they are even now than where everyone had them slotted.
And just to piggyback on that story you told, Biz,
those guys would always have the
the room attendants come pick up their laundry basically and not only did chase not doing it
the whole room now brings their laundry out to the hallway so like this is something that no one in
the locker room did he started it and because he's such a leader and has such a scary presence
everybody in the room followed suit so that's uh it's obviously a guy like that carries a lot of
some of some people are just born where they're just like natural leaders,
where people just follow them.
They don't even need to really say much.
And he's just one of those guys.
He's a superhuman.
All right.
Well, here's the thing about home security companies.
Most trap you with high prices, tricky contracts,
and lousy customer support.
So while there are a lot of options out there,
there's only one no-brainer, SimpliSafe.
SimpliSafe's got everything you need to protect your home
with none of the drawbacks of traditional home security.
It's got an arsenal of sensors and cameras to blanket every room,
window, and door tailored specifically for your home.
Professional monitoring keeps watch day and night,
ready to send police, fire, or medical professionals if there's an emergency.
You can set it up yourself in under an hour.
Just peel and stick the sensors exactly where you need them. There's no technician required,
and there's no contract, no pushy sales guys, no hidden fees, no fine print, and this all starts
for just 15 a month. I'm not the only one who thinks SimpliSafe is great. U.S. News and World
Report named it the best overall home security of 2020. So try SimpliSafe today at simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. You get free shipping and a 60
day risk free trial. There's nothing to lose. That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets. Definitely
check that out. If you're looking for a home security system,
it's the top of the game.
I could have,
I could have used a security system.
You guys are going to think I'm lying.
Cause you'll know at the end,
why I would,
people would think why I'm lying.
Cause it involves the same thing that I always bring up on the podcast as
far as crazy stories.
And I want to say these weird things always happen to me.
So I buy a new house in
Victoria and my buddy's the realtor and I'm not going to live in the house right now. So he was,
we got someone to bring some people through it. So we had time slots. Well, this, this one woman
had messaged him and she was very adamant. She wanted the property. She, even by just seeing
the picture. So, you know, they were the front runners coming in and they wanted to see it. She wanted the property. She, even by just seeing the picture. So, you know, they were the front runners coming in and they wanted to see it. And, you know, they were going to make all
these plans to make a few rentals in it. And it's like, fucking rights. All right, awesome. Let's
go. I got my place rented. So she shows up and she's the first walkthrough, but the, he, the,
the realtor and the person who went over there to help rent it allows them to go in by themselves
just to see if they want to enjoy it, give them their time and space. Well, they were going past their
allocated time. And then the other, another couple showed up who wanted to rent it also.
So finally about 15 minutes past their allocated time, they come out and, and my buddy can just
see that she's like disheveled and you know, they get in the car and he says, all right,
you guys can go in now. Like, you know, know take your time like there's no one after you guys and the
the other couple was still in the car and and they weren't leaving so finally after about six minutes
the the woman comes back and she's dolled up to the nines and she's like um um i just had to tell
you that um i had an accident inside.
My stomach was not feeling good this morning.
So long story short, this woman had went and completely annihilated the toilet with a massive explosive ship.
Not Cindy.
But problem being is the water in the house is shut off.
So she couldn't flush the toilet.
And I don't even think there was a
little brian yandel there was no toilet paper there was no toilet paper in the house so
after finally she like you know she's like i'm terribly sorry like i'll pay but he's like oh no
don't worry about it but like he's like kind of like this is all going through his head and
somebody's in the midst of walking through the house so they leave and um and he's just it's going through his head where
it's like oh my god like no toilet paper in there they're probably like having a conversation as to
like what they're gonna do with this explosive shit in the toilet so the other couple went
through he didn't say anything they didn't look weird when they came out like wasn't us wasn't us
but my buddy was too fucked up and engrossed out by the
idea of it that he made his buddy go in and take the video so i have the video of like what was
left in the toilet oh yeah so it uh definitely a an interesting scenario but the good news is
i've closed on my my house in victoria and congrats. It's a, it's on the ocean and it's,
it's, it's, that's going to be my, my place where I,
I ride off into the sunset and I'm happier.
And I want to say thank you to this woman for,
for christening it with a massive explosive dump.
I will now be sending the video over to you three so you can watch for
yourselves and you don't, maybe they could, uh, they could, uh,
give you maybe the, the, the graphic. Well, speaking of could give you maybe the graphic.
Well, speaking of living out the glory, Izbiz,
we want to congratulate defenseman Dan Hamhuis,
who retired after 1,148 games, played with three teams,
Nashville, Dallas, and Vancouver.
Played over 16 years in the league.
I'm sorry, 16 years in the league he played.
Great, solid defenseman.
You guys know him at all?
You guys just messed up one against him a couple times, no?
Kevin Bieksa was chirping him on twitter in like a fun way uh a very very underappreciated
underrated defenseman uh during his whole career that's what that's all i keep hearing about him
just a guy a good top four he looks like he's about 28 years old still i couldn't believe how
old he was when i looked it up he's still still a youthful-looking fella. Yeah, and he did it quietly.
Just played for a long time.
You play 1,000 games.
That is just  that number, I can't even fathom it.
So, good for him.
And he was just another product.
I think we talked recently about all those guys that Nashville drafted on D.
I don't even know if we mentioned him when we did that.
So, another one there that began there and had an outstanding career outstanding career congratulations yeah i hope you really enjoy retirement i love it hey biz this
is a story i thought you uh seattle seahawk rookie akima siverand i don't know if that's how you
said he tried to sneak a female into the team hotel wearing seattle seahawks gear like what if
what an idiot man you're a rookie You're trying to become a pro athlete.
You've been told that there's no fucking around.
There's no tolerance for the fucking around during the COVID shit.
And he tries to sneak a girl,
a woman into a hotel room.
We're in Seattle.
Yeah.
Like,
I mean,
how fucking dumb.
You're throwing a career away.
Almost.
We talked about it last episode at HL players,
putting rubbers on, fucking the mattress.
Well, this guy probably got sick of doing that.
So he had to sneak one in.
And you know what?
He should have learned better, though.
Like my buddy who carried a girl in the hockey bag up into the dorm one time.
She was just carrying in your gear.
I think that was Ryan Lannan did that, wasn't it?
Was it Lannan?
I have no idea who it was.
Was it Lannan?
Yeah, he brought his hockey bag back. I just remembered it was somebody landed i have no idea who it was was it you know yeah he put he brought his
hockey bag back i just remembered it was somebody didn't know who this guy was probably uh watching
that uh the wop video the the one with uh all those girls that wet ass the wet ass pussy so
he's probably all horned up and i mean genius idea with it with the seattle gear on i just don't know
how many uh how many small players like that.
Oh, man.
Boys, I'm not even talking about you guys with the New Amsterdam commercial.
And obviously, hopefully, everyone's out there enjoying New Amsterdam
or Pink Whitney, of course.
But, dude, I don't know what's driving me crazy,
the 5 footlong or the Idina Menzel, whatever name is commercial.
Like, I have my finger on the mute button every fucking commercial
that comes up except for YouTube. Oh, who to talk we're the we're the worst yeah are you bringing
this up as a shot that you're sick and tired of seeing us on the tv no i did that a couple episodes
ago hey wait time for heart of shot could that be the worst line acting in in commercial history
time for heart harder shot.
Time for a harder shot.
And you were so fired up for it, too.
You weren't even really acting in that part of it.
No.
Boys, yeah, Genelli actually said,
hey, bring up any movies you've watched lately. Because, you know, obviously,
we don't have an interview this episode.
It was so much to talk about,
we decided to withhold an interview.
And honestly, I haven't seen, other than Red Penguins,
I haven't seen A Blessed Thing,
because it's been nonstop hockey. But I will say sunday night do any of you guys watch
yellowstone yellowstone on the paramount network with kevin i think i gave it a shot and lasted 20
minutes in the first episode which happens to me a lot i gotta try again because everyone's
raving about this shit yeah it's a beautiful show to look at they film it actually in utah
even though it's set in montana kevin costner he's great he's like you know he's older now he's got the gravelly voice he's got a little pot belly it's just a role
you've never seen him in and he's yeah he's tremendous in it he really articulates his art
so well okay so here here's the problem is sometimes i come off sounding super douchey
because i i get stuck on words because i don't have a big vocabulary. And I'm French. It's my second language, for fuck's sake.
Francais?
Wait till I get speech and chiclets.
There was nothing wrong with what you said.
I think the word art has the same three letters in it.
It made sense.
Yeah, thanks, R.A.
Everybody's raving about this novel, the unwritten novel.
Which one's that?
The unwritten novel that R.A that? The unwritten novel that.
Oh, I know, R.A. You're going to write a novel now, dude.
Yeah, well, I can't, you know, that'll be my assignment.
I'll go to, I'll know what I'll do.
I'll go to Victoria at Biz's new house.
I'll fucking lock myself in there.
We'll turn the water on first.
I just sent you guys that video, by the way.
So if you want to take out that lady's nice thought.
I'll give you 10 grand.
I'll give you 10 grand if you write a novel uh over it's got to be 170 pages or more and if you sell 500 copies i'll
give you oh my goodness what's that that's the worst advance offer i've ever heard yeah but
anyway that's where that's where something you offer i never got you have to write the book
yeah but what he's saying is like i bet you ra could get a book deal right now for 100 grand
he fucking he's the host of spitting shit 100k i bet i guarantee i think you're enormously
over exaggerating on like what you're getting for book deals all right i'll give you 100 grand but
i get to pump you full of every fucking drug i can get my hands on and then i'm gonna get you that pen and paper i might even
just get a fucking hey you know what all right i'll go to the fucking cabin in the woods with
you with the cocoa puffs and we'll we'll bang it we'll sit there a month and we'll bang out a novel
together i'll write it it would probably more be more of a memoir at this point because like
you know i mean i don't know I kind of live a weird life.
I kind of have a lot of stories I haven't even told on here.
I don't know.
You can dress them up a little, make for a funny memoir.
I bet you'd do awesome.
Some salt and pepper on some things.
And I'm going to collect Witt's 10 grand for you.
Oh, I was going to talk about something that I watched.
Well, I kind of fell asleep halfway through.
No, that's not taking a shot at the documentary.
It was on essential oils.
Like it's just like a, whether they're like good for you or they're fucking like deadly.
So I'm like, cause I pump them in the house a little bit to like change, like help with
my moods and stuff.
So I'm trying to find out if these essential oils is a farce and maybe I'm like killing
myself.
Biz falls down a YouTube rabbit hole and thinks he watched the documentary.
No, it's on, it's on Netflix.
Biz watches an infomercial on the 1-800-PILLOWS guy and talks about the documentary he watched.
Well, I did mention Yellowstone, and the creator of that show,
Taylor Sheridan, I will give you a couple movies.
He wrote Sicario, he wrote Wind River, and he wrote Hell or High Water,
three tremendous movies. He actually directed Wind River, and he wrote Hell or High Water, three tremendous movies.
He actually directed Wind River, but if you've never seen Hell or High Water
or Wind River, I believe they're both on Netflix, two tremendous movies.
And the same guy who made Yellowstone wrote those movies.
So they're a little bit older, but definitely recommend them
if you're looking for something to watch in between games,
Hell or High Water or Wind River on Netflix.
I watched another documentary on Foreskin, Forzy, whether you should chop it or not, on netflix and um i watched another documentary on uh foreskin forsy
whether you should chop it or not like the pros and cons so i i've been falling down the netflix
is coming out with everything and more documentary now given with everything shutting down oh you
know what speaking of the studio 54 doc that's when you should check out biz okay about the disco
in new york back in the day it's kind of crazy how much the
national news paid attention to a disco in manhattan but uh it was it was a quite a place
man am i wrong here i feel like there's like millions and millions of documentaries coming
out now because of netflix and all these different things where well i mean a platform like netflix i
think there would be some legitimacy to who's putting it on there. It could be all bullshit. I don't know.
I'm a pretty gullible guy.
But fucking I'm pumping the essential oils, baby.
There we go.
All right, Danny.
Last thing, just a little quick golf talk.
Biz, did you catch what happened to the kid from Columbia in the USM
at Bandon Dunes?
Well, no.
There's two golf things we need to discuss.
Okay.
What's the first?
Commie got a fucking hole-in-one.
Oh, my God, I know.
I can't believe I actually wrote that down.
Fuck.
Mike Conroy, congratulations.
You go ahead.
You're the golf guy.
No, just unreal.
His first hole-in-one.
We've talked about it many times.
That guy's a stick.
He's probably been around the hole over 5,000 times in his life within five feet.
And I think that now he finally has it.
The floodgates are going to open.
So that was great.
Call me.
We have to have him on too.
We'll hear the backstory.
He probably got so wrecked after.
Yeah, he was shooting pretty good.
And I'll save the story until the next time to get him on.
But yeah, after that, it was all downhill.
Now, what happened to this kid from Columbia?
Okay, so this kid plays at at UNC Wilmington or something.
He's a college kid, but from Columbia.
Segundo Oliva Pinto.
So I hope I'm getting his name right.
So he is in the round of 16 or, I don't know, the round of 8.
Now, there's about 300 people in the tournament, I think.
And then the top 64 make match play.
And then if you get to the finals, if you win the thing,
even by getting to the finals, you play in the Masters,
you play in the U.S. Open.
If you win the thing, you play in those and the British Open.
It's a life-changing moment.
It's like the greatest golfers of all time have won the U.S. Amateur.
It's just it could change your life more than anything that ever happens
after that, even if you play pro golf. so this kid's in the round of 16 and he's tied on the 18th hole
his ball is it's a par five he's in the bunker in three he's got to get up and down for par
and the other kid is like short left he's just short of the green he's got a two putter chip
and putt for par and they may continue on or the match may end but you're right there and you're now tasting like you're close to augusta national
and and in a new life that's crazy man so he's in the abandoned dunes is this um just one of the
most amazing places in the world especially for a golf night it's in oregon you're on the coastline
and they have like six or seven courses i don't exactly, but if you just check it out and the views you're on the, you're on the
cliffs, it's just incredible. So you, what you do is you go there and you get a caddy. I've been
there with call me, you get a caddy and you have that caddy the whole time you're there. So if
people go there four or five days, they play eight, nine rounds. You have the same guy and
you can get rid of them. If the guy's a clown after one round you're like smell you you know but but most of the time they hit it off so a lot of these players they
took local caddies but the local caddies who'd been there for the longest that know this course
like the back of their hand these courses i think they were on two different ones in the finals or
in abandoned dunes whatever well to be in the bubble for the USAM,
there was a bunch of COVID tests and stuff.
So I think what happened was the more experienced caddies there,
they just stayed and continued to work the other four courses
with regular guests.
They didn't have to deal with whatever's going on
to be in the USGA bubble.
So this kid's a young caddy.
I guess it's his first year at Bandon Dunes.
So this kid's a young caddy.
I guess it's his first year at Bandon Dunes.
He is watching his player walk up to the green to see where he wants to land the ball on the green, okay?
What he does during that time is the dumbest, most inexplicable move I've ever heard from a caddy,
especially at a high level.
He puts his hand down and starts rubbing the sand to see what type of, what the sand feels like, if it's soft or hard. You cannot touch the sand.
It's like the most known rule. The player can't, the caddy can't. You cannot touch the sand.
There's actually even penalties, Biz, where if you get into the sand and you make your stance
with your feet and then you get out of the bunker you're you're not allowed to get back in that stance that's
stupid but they consider that that you just felt what the ground was like what the sand's like
you can't touch the sand before you hit the ball bottom line the caddy of the other players i know
i'm not exactly sure what happened but i'm pretty sure the caddy of the other players saw he's like
you just touched the sand like do a whole that's it like that's i didn't know if it was a shot penalty
and apparently in match play it's loss of the hole tied on the 18th hole with the chance to
move on in the u.s amateur this kid's caddy lost him the match by rubbing the sand with his hand
and here's when i get into why I wanted to tell the story,
because what an absolutely heartbreaking moment.
And if you Google U.S. amateur caddy fail, you'll see the story.
There's video of it.
The caddy after was still denying he touched the sand.
I don't think he knew there was a camera with literally watching him rub the sand
like he was making a sandcastle.
So the reason I tell the story is this kid, Oliva Pinto,
he went on and handled this.
He's a sophomore, I believe, in college.
He handled this like he's a 90-year-old man and he's seen it all in life.
The kid took it like an absolute man.
He actually said after, he goes, I want to leave this place like a man,
and I think there's always something positive about the negative.
He released a statement with a picture of it.
He released an Instagram with a picture of his caddy all week.
It's not his fault.
You know, I'm kind of paraphrasing, but everyone can make a mistake,
and this guy's catching a lot of heat online, which he kind of deserves.
I mean, it's a tough look for the caddies at bandon i mean guy it's just like the kid lost he literally lost this this college person a chance
at changing his life by just such a dumb mistake but the way the kid has handled it is so impressive
i hope so i hope we see him in the in pro golf in the future yeah i think you gained obviously a shit ton of followers and fans
holy shit dude yeah i was i wasn't expecting that um and as far as the caddy standpoint is
i mean he was probably denying it just because he didn't he realized that he he just hurt his
player like he it was it was probably just the fucking brain fart moment being like oh yeah like
i wonder what the fucking sand's like here and is as dumb but but i i don't two show play rounds in like three matches like you've
been there for nine days like and you've worked there you can't touch the sand maybe maybe he was
fucking hitting the pen maybe he was getting a little loose on the 18th maybe fucking maybe he
was so nervous he was so crippled out there that's on the pen that's a tough story
but the fact that that kid handled it that well is good because it's like oh at least like it
has a happy ending to it yeah so i does a little golf talk for you even bushwood caddies wouldn't
do that shit uh we just got a late tweet from elliot friedman jake allen is going to start for
the blues sunday night obviously by the time this episode drops. The game will have been played.
But they're going away from Bennington.
The guy who led them to the Cup last year.
So that's a big story we'll cover next episode.
Boys, any final notes before we say goodbye and tell everyone have a great week? I would say goaltenders in the storylines have kind of taken over the playoffs,
in my opinion.
Kemper, Price are standing on their heads.
Like the Leonard Fleury situation, Tukka Rask leaving the bubble.
This has been fucking  the goalies are strutting their stuff right now.
Great episode.
Great chat with you guys.
That was a very entertaining golf story at that kid's expense.
And I hope you guys enjoyed that video I sent you.
Did you want to comment on it?
No.
I have the most disgusting thing I've ever seen.
I never looked at like Blue Waffle or whatever it was. I don't look. I have the most disgusting thing I've ever smudged on. I never looked at like blue waffle or whatever it was.
I don't look at your stuff, man.
You're sick.
You're sick.
Well, just as long as you guys know that I wasn't completely full of shit,
no pun intended, and these shitty situations keep happening to me,
no pun intended, and a big shout out to Shitty Cindy.
Get those dude wipes.
All right, everybody.
All right, see you guys.
Have a great week, and we'll see you back here Thursday.
As always, we'd like to say thanks to our awesome sponsors here in Spit and Chicklets.
Big thanks to our longtime friends over at New Amsterdam and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to everybody at Jimmy John's.
It's been a pleasure so far.
Big thanks to everybody at Body Armor.
Hopefully you're chugging that stuff, staying nice and hydrated this summer.
Big thanks to everybody over at NHTSA, trying to keep us safe on the roads.
Remember, if you're having a few, don't drive.
And a big thanks to everybody at Simply Safe for keeping everybody safe in their homes during these crazy times.
Have a great week, everybody. Thank you.
