Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 288 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
For my friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
We've crossed over from the first round to the second round.
Things have already started up before we could even give our previews.
We'll be getting to that stuff shortly.
Let's say hi to the boys as we usually do for us.
Mike Grinelli, great job staying up late the other night for the last episode, buddy.
Appreciate that.
And looking forward to hanging out with you guys for the next few weeks in Boston.
We got some live streams.
We got a ton of stuff planned, ton of content planned. So it uh it's gonna be fun bus leaves tomorrow at 10 a.m nice of course
we gotta we go to biz now business is gonna be a bostonian for the next uh what month or so
not bad eh not bad voice touched by an angel, very excited. I love when we get together live and we record as well as live interviews.
Hopefully, we can get Derek Sanders to get in again.
Oh, my God.
I could spend about four hours listening to that guy tell a story.
So, we're going to bank some interviews.
We're going to boost up the streaming.
We're going to do some electric chairs.
Keith Yandel is in Boston right now, so we'll get him.
Buddy Yandel, his father, who used to sit with Derek Morris.
So when Derek Morris actually got traded over to Boston,
he would go over to Buddy's place and they would drink wine together
and watch the late games out west when Yand's was playing.
So hopefully we can get Buddy Yandel over and get his insight
onto what he thinks is going on in the hockey world
and some sandbaggers.
I am just very excited to be back in Boston.
I love that city, and I love you guys too.
Yeah, and it's going to be a full-on Chicklets house too.
No hotel suites this time, so we're going to have our own pad.
Obviously, we're not giving out any locations.
We'll give those to VIPs at a later date, but I'm psyched.
I'm going to get out of my quarantine for a little while.
Last but not least, Ryan, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
What's up, buddy?
Not much.
What's going on, guys?
Looking forward to it.
R.A., are you getting a haircut before?
I don't know, man.
So, R.A., guys, so R.A. for everyone at home, I think you're noticing
he wears a hat now all the time and has flow out of the back.
So, he's walking down the street and if somebody sees him
like that guy is sick flow, but there's nothing
on top. So are you now riding with
the fake like
they get to show what you have. I'm definitely
cosplaying. I'm definitely cosplaying right
now with hair. Honestly, it's I haven't
had hair in so long. It's kind of and I never
grew up in the mirror with the hat on
with the hockey flow. You've now become a
hockey guy. Absolutely. Because if I take my hat off, I look like fucking John Lithgow,
so I have to leave it on.
All right.
I don't know.
If I get called for that movie, I'll have to shave it.
You got the Al Iaffredi bucket.
Jesus Christ, spit it out.
Minus one.
Tough start.
Turnover in the fucking
Last shift for you.
I could start minus one.
I'd get back out there you
started minus one you were done the rest of the night might as well untie the skates at that
point tape the stick undo the clear tape on the actually you probably even tape your shin pads
i told you guys that story about in columbus when yans put clear tape on my blade for practice and
it was an optional and they all came out to watch me and they're all laughing i know something's
up but i was buzzing it and snapping himself and finally he came over and he's like i think you need
to start playing with clear tape on your stick because he taped over the white so you couldn't
i couldn't notice but i didn't miss one fucking pass for about 20 minutes and i was sniping and
these guys were the they were just all just sitting there laughing so we'll
have to we'll have to bring up that story why didn't you do it next game come on you just were
afraid to try it no can't be doing that in a national hockey league clear tape we got hazy
coming on if you're like a guy that's not playing much and you're lighting it up and you're you're
i i'd try anything are you kidding me you see the skates i wore you think maybe You think maybe that was the reason why I couldn't sustain a career in the NHL.
You might still be playing if you kept clear tape over your hockey tape.
Damn.
Just like Frankie Lessard fucking taping up his ankles with the clear tape.
Anyway, I've rambled enough, but fuck am I excited to get the Boston boys.
Well, Biz, you just mentioned we have our first Bubble Boy interview,
obviously going to bring in a little while.
Kevin Hayes was pleasant enough to join us for a little bit today.
I know he's been making the media around,
so we thank him for popping in and saying hello,
giving us his take of the bubble, but we'll get to that a little bit later.
And yeah, Biz, I can't wait for you to come to Boston,
because in a hotel it's so different, but when you've got a house,
it's going to have a little bit of a, I don't know, fucking cape house.
Yeah, definitely a little bit of that,
but there's a liquor store about five feet away.
That's going to be pretty clutch, too.
We're going to get R.A. butt-chugging Pink Whitney on fucking Instagram Live
for all our fans.
We're going to get crazy.
Oh, shit.
By the way, just a heads up.
If you hear some thunder in the background, that's literally what it is.
I'm in the middle of a thunderstorm here.
Oh, playing through it.
Letting us know he's playing through it.
Hey, guys, I got the sniffles.
I got the sniffles.
Playing tonight, though.
If you see my flow moving, it's because there's some wind,
and I left the window open.
Yeah, that's my flow.
I know.
It's definitely like one of those vises with the hair on top I feel like I'm wearing.
But whatever.
Let me have my fun.
All right.
Like we said, all four series right now going on.
They're all division rivals.
Let me have my fun.
All right. Like we said, all four series right now going on.
They're all division rivals.
Vancouver, Vegas, Philly, the Islanders, Boston, Tampa, and Dallas, Colorado,
which is pretty interesting.
Vancouver and the Islanders were the only two qualifiers to move on.
But let's go back.
Friday night, Vancouver knocked out St. Louis in six games with a 4-2 win.
So the Blues reign as Stanley Cup champions is over.
I thought I was going to see a little more fight out of them. We thought they might have got back in it when they tied the series 2-2 win, so the Blues reign as Stanley Cup champions is over. I thought I was going to see a little more fight out of them.
We thought they might have got back in it when they tied the series 2-2,
but I don't know if it was just the injuries.
The goaltending was a little suspect.
Markstrom certainly outplayed the guys on the other squad.
Biz, let's go to you first for your take on the series.
I guess we'll start with St. Louis,
and the fact is probably the biggest story coming out of that loss
is the fact that their captain might be gone next year.
And it was definitely an emotional last game for him.
He talked about  or potentially last game, excuse me.
He talked about it afterwards.
Actually, in that last game, he ended up tying Chris Pronger
for second most points, playoff points in a St. Louis Blues uniform.
So, you know, what he's done for that organization
and finally bringing him that championship,
I would say that there's probably a lot of people in St. Louis
that want them to pay him what he's worth
or what he thinks he's worth and keep him around.
On the other hand, in today's NHL with the salary cap,
it's difficult if you think that you have to overpay to keep a piece
where money may need to be distributed in other areas.
So that was probably the biggest story.
Interested to see what happens with that.
You mentioned goaltending.
I just feel like Binnington never got his
he never got back to his true self because after that Stanley Cup performance
and what he did last year, he had a great start to the year too.
And he didn't skip a beat.
And we are now learning more and more from talking to guys
that this bubble experience did affect guys in certain ways.
So that's a very small sample size.
It's been quite the last 13 months for Jordan Binnington and a lot of success.
I'm not going to judge him at all on this playoff performance.
Just very interested to see what happens moving forward with him.
Just overall, their team, they just didn't have that same defensive mentality.
Gave up far too many scoring chances.
Took a lot of stupid penalties.
They were getting beat a lot one-on-one.
And there's plenty of examples of that
if you had a chance to watch the game.
The games, excuse me.
And Ryan O'Reilly summed it up as,
at some points, we looked like ourselves out there,
and at other points, we looked like a fucking Junior B squad,
turning it over and just not playing St. Louis Blues hockey.
So some question marks.
They got some young studs in the pipeline there.
I think they still have a very solid team moving forward that you know could be a contender next year
uh just a few holes to fill and as i said interesting to see what happens with with the
captain but uh before i get to vancouver you guys can clean it up on what you saw from st louis but
a lot of tires to pump on this vancouver squad i thought you uh had a dynamic description of the
blues in their series,
and that O'Reilly quote kind of summed everything up.
That was a good way to put it.
Just at times, just not at all what you're used to seeing in the past.
Since they were in last place halfway through last season,
you haven't seen that Blues team.
So I do think with the Petrangelo deal, if you're going to sign Pareko,
when Justin Falk came in and signed that deal, think with with the petrangelo deal it's if you're going to sign pareko and the just when justin
falk came in and signed that deal you got to think right then i i didn't i thought that was that was
the end of him in st louis and i think he was upset by that i would guess he would be that kind
of signify signal signal to him at least well where's this money going to come from because
i'm certainly gonna i'm worth what do you think he's looking for on the open market?
He's getting a little older, but he's probably still thinking
10 sheets a year, no? Maybe nine?
No, it's a flat cap probably.
Oh, the cap is going to change everything.
I haven't even figured that  that's so true.
Everything's changed for those UFAs now.
Well, and another thing too, and like I won't judge Bennington,
I didn't think Pareko had a strong playoff he didn't he didn't look like himself out there last year in playoffs
he was an absolute beast and i'm like yeah if they're gonna move on from yeah from pietrangelo
you know this if you have to pay this guy less i think that that's a good guy who could fill his
shoes and you got the guy and you got falk and you ended up signing him so that's a pretty good
dynamic duo in order to move forward
if the captain isn't coming back.
But I don't know.
It's a difficult decision to make.
And either way, whatever Doug Armstrong decision he makes,
he's probably going to get ridiculed for it.
But let's flip over to Vancouver because a lot of praise to be given out.
I thought that their bottom six did an excellent job in the series.
You could really tell that team has their mojo right now.
And Tyler Mott is a guy who's kind of becoming a household name
throughout these playoffs.
Four goals in the last two games of that series.
Just really known for his work ethic and what he could bring on the penalty kill
and just an energy guy.
ethic and what he could bring on the penalty kill and just an energy guy.
Another guy who, you know, Matt Nickel, one of the best hockey trainers on the planet,
ended up quote tweeting it and just said, you know, a lot of you young athletes should take a look at this and even coaches.
And Tyler Mott's a guy who's been very vocal about his clinical depression and his anxiety.
about his clinical depression and his anxiety.
And he's one of those guys that is able to deal with it,
control it in a certain way where he could still go out there and perform at a very high elite level.
So it's really cool to see a guy who deals with those personal struggles
be able to take control of it.
And then not only that, but really play at an elite level at the nhl at the
nhl level and uh so a very cool story in these playoffs right now rusell was was very annoying
and being himself in that series and i'll hand it over to you guys for the rest because uh there's
some very impressive stuff from that top six as well oh and of course for beating the blues biz
the vancouver goes on to play the ve Golden Knights in the second round. Game one is late Sunday night,
so obviously it'll have been played by the time this drops.
Vegas was 2-0 versus Vancouver in the regular season.
This is the first ever playoff series between the two.
Vegas is a sizable favorite,
but I mean, I think there's definitely some value on Vancouver.
Of course, Quinn Hughes, we've talked about him a bunch here,
just the fourth rookie defenseman with at least 10 points
in 10 games or fewer. The Vancouver power play is sick. 26.2 right now. It's clicking
at, I mean, Elias Patterson is on another level. Four goes, nine assists in 10 games.
What do we got looking at this series with? What's crazy is this series shows the
amount of good teams in the NHL and the amount of parody
and the fact that this is the most lopsided series on paper, right?
I mean, Vancouver has just beat the defending Stanley Cup champs,
and they're coming in, and they're enormous underdogs.
So it shows that anyone can beat anyone, especially this year.
And so to see why they're huge underdogs, I understand it,
because they don't have the depth.
And even though Biz brings up the bottom six forwards for Vancouver,
they don't have the same bottom six as Vegas.
Now, maybe it continues, and they're going to have to continue
to play great hockey if Vancouver does want to win,
because the depth that Vegas has, the speed they come at you,
no team holds on to the puck more depth that Vegas has, the speed they come at you, no team holds
onto the puck more than the Vegas Golden Knights. This team is on paper. And when you watch them,
the most dominant team in the league and, and, you know, in the West, I'll say in the West,
at least. So I think Vancouver can give them a run. I do not think they can win,
but it does remind me. And I think Grinelli, you, or one of you guys said that the
people are comparing them to a young Hawks team before they started winning their Stanley Cups,
and there are certainly similarities. I looked up the Hawks 2010 team this year. I don't think
Vancouver's there yet. It's because of that depth, but these stars on the power play, they'll be able
to score. So, Pedersen and Besser, and if they can get to Foley
back all of a sudden, he can then play with Pedersen and Miller. I believe they were unreal
together. And then Besser drops down, plays with Horvat, helps him a little bit. So it certainly
isn't impossible. I think Vegas is a huge favorite because of the things I'm mentioning. Now they got
their own, their own issues. Not really. They. They have their own issues created by a goaltender's agent.
You can get into that, R.A.
Well, before we get into that, let's go
also, we're talking about this team dynamic,
and the bubble is such a different experience,
and you're noticing all the teams who have a very strong bond
are the ones advancing, okay?
And clearly, Vancouver has found that.
And let's start with the goaltender
and the coach and in the fact that Travis Green who's done a tremendous job and he's coaching to
win he's not coaching to be safe right now he's coaching to win when uh back when I was in the
AHL that's where Markstrom kind of revived his career and it was with Travis Green in Utica
and they kind of have that confidence in each other
and I think that Markstrom is taking that and running with it they need to figure out a way
to resign them regarding the back end there is a few issues uh Tyler Myers was injured correct
yes yes no yeah I don't know if he's gonna start I don't know if he's gonna start the series
thank god they got Edler back I don't know if you guys saw that injury one of the most it was nasty the guy's heel of the skate came up and
got him directly in the ear i don't know i didn't know how hard it punctured him at the time but it
didn't look good he ran to the locker room so last game he ended up playing with an ear cover this
guy's a warrior he's been there forever they locked and locked him in for uh the the at least the near future and their their
their back end is is it's been playing really really fucking solid and of course led by Quinn
Hughes so let's shift the focus over right now to to that issue that you're talking about and
we talked about how important that team dynamic and everyone getting along and and this is kind
of one of the stories that has taken
over the hockey world in the last 24 hours yeah mark andre flurry's agent alan walsh who's uh
no shrinking violet shall we say he tweeted out a picture yesterday it was actually a pretty well
done picture if we're going to be truthful here it was mark andre in his crease with a sword throw
his back and on the sword sort of game of thrones style had deborah written on it uh certainly
implying that peter deborah stabbed his uh goaltender in the back and on the sword sort of Game of Thrones style had DeBoer written on it certainly implying that Peter DeBoer stabbed his goaltender in the back and was starting laying like I mentioned
before DeBoer doesn't have any loyalty to either one of these guys he hasn't been there long he's
going to go with the hot hand needless to say the tweet caused a shit storm on Sunday Marc-Andre
met the media by himself and Per Wyszynski he said that you know he basically to use his word
Marc-Andre punted on answering the question whether or not he was aware
the tweet was going up.
They asked him twice, and he wouldn't really yes or no it.
Either way, he told Alan Walsh to take it down.
I don't know if this is going to linger.
This is a veteran team.
They're on a mission here.
I think this will just be a minor blip once they get playing.
But either way, Biz, I mean, to click on Twitter and see an agent
with a fucking sword going through the back with the blood dripping down, I mean, it was pretty dramatic, no?
Yeah, I just sat there and thought about it, and I thought, like, what could have possibly caused him to do this?
Especially, and this is where I'm kind of like, yeah, I can't give this guy any type of sympathy. If Marc-Andre Fleury was in a contract year
and he felt for some reason that this was going to affect
maybe his wallet or anything moving forward,
all right, maybe that's what triggered him to do it.
They just signed Marc-Andre Fleury to a three-year deal at 21 million.
Like, he's got two years left on this deal after this playoffs is over.
And he's probably going to be the starter after this year.
He's probably going to be the starter next year.
Leonard's not going to be back.
By the time this deal's over, Marc-Andre Fleury would have made 70 million,
credit to Alan Walsh, of course, because he's an agent,
who I believe at this point in time has signed over a billion dollars in contracts.
So this guy, this just a big deal.
This isn't not just some slob agent. Okay. And you're,
you're on a, you know,
you're on a path here where you might be collecting your fourth Stanley cup
ring and it's going to be done collectively as we saw in the first round where
yeah, Leonard got three games and Marc-Andre Fleury got one.
If there's going
to be any back-to-back situation probably moving forward you would assume that Fleury's going to
get the next spot a situation that Fleury has already been in before we discussed it in the
first round matchup and one that Fleury has been familiar with in the past when he was in Pittsburgh
so it makes no fucking sense given that he's already got his deal and and how it all
transpired and for me you just throw a whole wrinkle into the mess now this is the main focus
going into a series against a very hot vancouver team who just knocked off the champs holy fuck
but so you think no chance flurry knew about it beforehand does an agent put that out without
asking a player?
We don't know their relationship, so I can't say,
but it is certainly what you can wonder.
I just, I don't, I do not know.
I don't know Flower well enough, I would say,
to ever ask him that,
but I just would be kind of surprised if an agent just fired that out
and wasn't texting the picture over like,
dude, want me to tweet this?
If my agent sent that out, I would call him right away and be like take that fucking down now
or i would send out which he did it sounds like okay but but i do find it odd and i'm not trying
to throw gasoline on the fire here and wish brings up a good point it's like then why punt on the the
question about if he knew or not whether or not he was going to post it
because like if you i don't feel that you're throwing your agent under the bus if you in fact
didn't know about it and you're like no i didn't know about it he got emotional fuck you know oh
well i called him he took it down no big deal the fact to me the fact that you're going to sit in
front of everyone and you're going to punt on that question is now like oh fuck now we got to kind of like and and i mean now here's the thing though
biz yeah i'm reading like what does this do to team chemistry buddy it does fucking nothing
because the backup goalie isn't in the game you want to you want to start playing the game the
first the second line center he doesn't give a shit if the goalies aren't like getting away
getting along it might affect lennar it won't affect then it might affect lennar maybe bingo but bingo he doesn't seem like
the type of guy with what he's been through and his story that really would give a flying fuck
that's my opinion well guess what it's a headache and we're gonna find out and i'm very intrigued to
see how this series plays out it's so so it's such a very interesting dynamic going into it
because, like, I don't know, man.
Like, the amount of mental strain that a goalie goes through
compared to the rest of the lineup, personally,
I would feel would be more.
Because you're the last guy back there.
You make a mistake, it's being blown up like crazy.
If you're a centerman, you make a mistake.
You still got the back end to protect you, potentially.
And then you got the goalie.
So we're going to see how this goes.
Yeah, I agree with you in the sense of they're mentally strong enough
and they're a Stanley Cup contender.
This should affect them in no way, shape, or form.
But we are in a very, very unique circumstance with these playoffs
and the fact that it's a very unique goaltending situation
given that there's a 1A and 1B
and now the agent has just created a shitstorm before you go into the playoffs.
And now there has still been questions left unanswered given the fact that the
question about whether he knew it was going up or not and punted.
So whatever.
I'll leave it at that.
I think Marc-Andre Fleury is a great person.
I think he cares about his team.
I think that they are probably going to be fine.
I still have them winning the series.
I just think that this is a huge wrinkle going into it, especially with the layover that they are probably going to be fine. I still have them winning the series. I just think that this is a huge wrinkle going into it,
especially with the layover that they've had
and with Vancouver coming on such a high
and such a team dynamic.
This should be interesting.
I think also worth noting, Biz, that Marc-Andre,
he's been with Alan Walsh since he was 15 years old,
so maybe he didn't want to say, oh, I didn't know,
and then he's kind of inadvertently throwing an agent under the bus.
He's been with the 20 years also, so I the fact and he got him 70 sheets so i wouldn't
but i think also the fact that they're in the bubble really keeps this from becoming a thing
because it's not like they're going to have media in the every day bringing it up over and over
they're doing these zoom press conferences where it's kind of a one and done question so yeah i
don't see it being a distraction i do want to see if revo keeps up with this uh the apple machine
he's been for
helping so far in the playoffs.
He's got a couple of nice dishes.
That line dominates.
And I was quickly going to say,
so Patterson got dominated by O'Reilly five on five,
and it's not going to get much easier against Stone.
So if Vancouver does have a chance,
it has to be their power play just to light it up again.
Won't be as easy, but that's going to be a fun one.
Also, too, I'm going to give props to Alex Tuck.
He had a monster game five.
He's been great for the whole playoffs as well.
Hopefully, we'll get him on at some point, maybe later during the bubble,
depending on how long it goes.
But we want to get your predictions.
Biz, who and how many?
I'm going to go Vegas and seven.
I think this is going to be a very, very, very good series.
A lot closer than a lot of people are giving it credit.
What?
I'll say Vegas in six.
Vegas in six.
Yeah, this is going to be a tough one, man.
I don't know.
Vancouver is definitely not going to be a pushover here.
I just think Vegas got a little bit more depth on D,
maybe a little bit more punch overall.
Yeah, so we got a little consensus here.
Biz and myself have Vegas in seven.
Whitdog likes him in six.
Biz, I know you had another point you wanted to bring up.
You know, I like to eat it when I'm wrong.
It happens so often I can't mention it every time,
but I was very critical of the Miller trade coming over from Tampa
in the offseason.
I thought giving up a first-rounder for Vancouver was rushing the rebuild
at that point.
I'm going to eat that one and say I think that what he's not only brought
into the team, but having these younger guys to have a
I wouldn't say a mentor, but just a veteran who's been around
to learn from and acquire good habits was definitely a positive
for the Canucks.
And if they end up winning this round, that's an up-the-hoop moment right there.
So it's T.J. Miller, correct?
J.T.
J.T.
Fuck me.
I always get that one wrong.
There's a comedian T.J. Miller, so it is easy to get confused.
There's not another one out there.
I'm heading to the locker room, taking an injury.
We did get probably one of the best quotes of the postseason
last fall from Vegas coach Pete DeBoer.
He said, even on the worst day in here, the bubble,
there's all the hockey you can watch and all the beer you can drink.
Obviously, that probably doesn't apply to the players as well,
but it's worth a chuckle.
Obviously, the schedule's kind of down to one or two games per day,
but either way, hey, maybe Alan Walsh just needs to rehydrate
with a little body armor biz.
It's summer. The weather is warming up.
Sports are back in full swing with the NHL playoffs now underway,
and that means you need to stay hydrated with our favorite sports drink,
body armor.
Me, myself, huge fan of strawberry banana, fruit punch, orange mango,
tons of great flavors.
There's definitely one or three out there for you.
Body armor has no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes.
It's potassium-packed and full of electrolytes with all the things you need
to keep you hydrated during the summer months, and it tastes great.
Learn more at drinkbadiama.com or order any of their flavors on Amazon right now.
Once again, drinkbadiama.com or go to Amazon, get some of that strawberry banana,
chug it down, and stay hydrated, especially in the summertime.
All right, Biz, moving right along.
Let's see. Dallas offed Calgary in six games. They spanked them in game hydrated, especially in the summertime. All right, Bears moving right along. Let's see.
Dallas offed Calgary in six games.
They spanked them in game six, seven, and three.
Flames did jump out to a three-nothing lead,
and it was a very interesting decision here by Jeff Ward.
He decides to yank Cam Talbot.
The game tied three, and he puts in a frigid David Riddick.
David Riddick hadn't played in a real game since March 8th.
He takes him off the bench, puts him into a game.
The game's tied.
And then they go 4-3.
Then he takes the timeout.
And then the floodgates had already opened by then.
I mean, I don't know that Calgary was going to come back and win without
having Matthew Pachuck in the lineup.
But this decision, I'm sure the second guessing in Calgary, you know,
you've got to ride with Talbot at that point.
Or if he gives up the fourth goal, maybe call the timeout.
But let's go to you on this one.
What were you thinking during that call? i was shocked by the entire thing and the flames just
fizzling out like that and when they went up three nothing i said holy shit they're back
and then just like i said in the last podcast the biggest dr jekyll and mr hyde team in the league
they just disappear and they start just playing the dumbest hockey, stupid turnovers,
trying to do things that you don't even need to try when you're up 3-0, 3-1.
So, I mean, I wasn't surprised they, like, lost the game looking back.
The way it went down, seven unanswered to end your season.
I mean, Dallas has been scoring very easily lately.
But Jesus Christ. end your season i mean dallas has been scoring very easily lately but jesus christ i i i i don't
know about when you pull them i don't know if that what he did is i i'm really i i find it hard to put
myself in a coach's shoes in terms of when you pull a goalie and when all this all instincts at
that point yeah you're you're you're on your heels and you're like ah what do i do to stop this
exactly time out what time out would have been the answer there, in my opinion.
But, hey, fuck, I'm not in that situation for a reason.
It just turned into the most one-sided game.
Has a team that's up 3-0 ever gotten dominated that bad
in the history of hockey?
How did they even get up 3-0 if you're going to look like that
the rest of the game?
Yeah.
even get up three nothing if you're gonna look like that the rest of the game yeah um you know i'd be lying if if when when they're up three nothing and luch takes that penalty i wasn't like
oh uh don't create any type of momentum for them they are asleep but don't do that and then they
end up getting one of that power play and then i just i felt my own asshole pucker up for christ
sake you know what you know what you know you know, when you're in the midst of a game
and you're in full control, right?
And all of a sudden something happens where it's like a slip up
and then sometimes on the bench it's a little deflating
when you're like, oh, geez, we just gave up all the momentum
and then that's when they started to roll.
So that was, you mentioned the Jekyll and Hyde situation,
just tough for the way Calgary went out.
Flipping over to Dallas, holy shit, they are
they went from like these guys can't score to they can't stop scoring.
Yeah, Dennis Gurionoff, man, four goals in that clinching game.
He had a hat trick in under nine minutes,
just the second rookie ever to pot four in a playoff game.
Tony Herkes did it way back in 88.
This kid was sent down early in the season.
He lit up the A, played good, came back up,
and now he's lighting up the National in the playoffs.
Yeah, Biz, that's a great point.
Dallas, you know, they couldn't score early.
Now they're lighting it up.
Of course, their series with Colorado already kicked off.
We just assumed it was probably going to stop Monday or Tuesday,
but I think the NHL started an empty Saturday night slate, decided, well, we got too much momentum here. We got an
NBC spot we could put a game on. So they put Dallas, Colorado and jump right into that. Dallas
just kept on rolling, man. They picked up right where they left off. They pretty much spanked
Colorado in that game one, 5-3, very entertaining tilt. But the big news out of there, of course,
Philip Grubauer, Colorado star goalie, he appeared to pull something while extended to his right to make a save had to be
helped off the ice uh they brought in uh Pavel Frantzouz to in relief he's probably not the
same goaltender Grubauer is he certainly was great during the season and of course they are Eric
Johnson he also went down really struggled getting off the ice he tried to return he came back so
he's a question mark next game.
Biz, what's your take on the series right now?
Well, I'm a genius.
So the first thing I said about Colorado heading into the series was I think that they're going to win it.
But the one question mark was Annette.
Drew Bauer hadn't faced a lot of scoring opportunities or shots in that series
against the Arizona Coyotes.
And now he goes down. So now you've got France O's who, who, you know,
he's got competent numbers, but he's, you know,
he's an unproven playoff goaltender.
And then you see Eric Johnson go down the tunnel.
Now I don't know what's going on with him.
I don't know what the injury report is,
but he looked awesome in that series against the Arizona coyotes as well.
So now all of a sudden the back end's banged up a little bit.
Nate Dogg, prime time, he showed up to play.
All the big dogs for the Colorado Avalanche did.
I just didn't see it from the supporting cast as much
like we did in the Coyotes series.
So right now, man, all signs lead to Dallas.
They are fucking rolling. they got a solid back
end gudobin who i don't know how much how much people know his history but he was a backup with
the boston bruins at one point right very likable guy i would say one of the more competent backups
in league and now he's all of a sudden found himself in this starting role that he's embracing
so i still got color Colorado winning this series.
I'll pick them  well, now that we obviously saw game one,
I'll probably pick them in seven.
But the Dallas Stars right now are nothing to mess with,
and they look dangerous.
They look like a galvanized group.
And now even the big boys are starting to produce as well.
Jesus Christ, Jamie Benn, crossbar charger.
Last night, the first game of that series,
it was McKinnon and the coach was like,
everyone else start playing.
Bednar's going to be like, guys, what the fuck?
Because he was a one-man wrecking crew out there.
He's number two.
We've said it.
He's number two.
The Pistons, how many times two. It's the Pistons.
How many times have I talked about the Pistons, guys?
Do you see the Pistons on the tying goal?
Make it 1-1?
Just out of the corner.
Creates space.
Makes the game look so easy.
And then he almost got crushed, too, on that goal. A couple years ago, he probably got his head taken off on that play.
But they're going to need their depth players.
And Kadri actually, he made an impact last night.
He hammered like three guys, one shove.
I think he took a penalty,
but they're going to need guys to score.
Like Don Scoy looked good, but the stars are clicking.
So if a team that came that close
to beating the St. Louis Blues last year
and probably could have gone on to win the Stanley Cup,
especially with goaltending, if they're right now feeling the way they are
and getting the play out of this defenseman, this Heskinen,
how much can you talk about these young D-men?
But MVP of the team, right?
He's number two in playoff scoring, this guy.
So he's playing over 26, half the game, 26 minutes,
27 minutes, and the way that he's able to just fly around out there
and create offense for the forward unit while also getting back,
it allows their entire team to play different when he's on the ice.
It's like Scott Niedermeyer used to be, right?
He's just controlling the tempo of the play whenever he's out there.
That's what this guy's doing.
So when you have that and you have Hudobin, you wonder what's going on.
Is Bishop unfit to play?
That's what he's considered right now?
Yes.
And I say Odinger, Edinger, however you say the goal,
he's been the backup for Bishop.
So Bishop, he did have some injuries during the season,
so you've got to think something's been re-aggravated.
So, you know, Sagan also hadn't scored.
He gets two, right?
You have one and one, or did he, he had at least had his first goal of the playoffs.
He got his first.
Yeah, he got his first there on a great play from Jamie Benn behind the net.
They're using the net, that line.
And Radulov gets another one.
And that's the thing.
I think on Hintz's goal, Sagan shoots a pass off the pads.
Zdorov had a terrible pinch.
I don't know what happened there.
And on the other  the goal in the first period, Sam Gerrard,
he gets caught down low, and he can move around and play that rover style,
but he gets caught down low, and Raj Love ends up burying one
on a beautiful pass from Jamie Benn on a two-on-one.
So it's, it's, this team's smart enough and they're old enough. They can create offense by
kind of boring you, boring you a little bit. They're similar to the Islanders in a sense,
those two teams. I think that they're scoring more right now, but they're very difficult to
create stuff against. So McKinnon could create against anyone, but other guys in Colorado,
it's not going to be that easy. Going, to your point uh from watching dallas in that first game against
colorado i would say they do a very good job of spreading out the offense especially on the cycle
guys don't get too close together and that's what i really noticed from that top line of ben and
segan and radulov and that's a bit of a three-headed monster or at least something that's turning into one.
So I'm interested to see how this series plays out
because they're playing a completely different game than the Coyotes.
Well, obviously.
Dude, so is like a phantom team starting to practice again this year.
I was a little harsh on the boys.
I feel bad.
Even Chikes.
I'm sorry, buddy.
You showed emotion. No problem with that.
Yeah, Ben Sagan and Radulov
combined for three goals, five assists in that
game. And I said to you boys in the text,
Colorado needed to go NHL 94 and
switch over to no line changes and just keep
McKinnon out there because, like you said,
they only had half the team aboard. And Jared
Bednard, to his credit, he called his team out after
said the biggest thing is that we had half our team
not show up and play.
Our brains were not turned on and we were not engaged.
And that's a lethal duel for us.
We have to be way better.
So I would expect Colorado to be much better next game.
McKinnon played over 10 minutes in the third period, too.
Yes, he did.
And going back to your comment about the pass off the pads, rebound shot,
it was Ben to Radulov.
He had two in the first game.
No, I think sagan had that one
and either way ben ben passed it over when radulov buried on the two-on-one when gerard got caught
and i thought hints buried off the pass on the pads no oh so there's a couple then well then
fuck me maybe i'm wrong we'll see who's right tomorrow i'm sure yeah you'll be dunking on me
all right boys we know what already started but i'm sure we'll be honest in the predictions we
had last night.
Whit, who do you like and how many in this one?
I was going to pick Colorado, so I can't be a scumbag.
I can't end up doing that move and being like, oh, they're down.
So now I'll take them in seven, though.
I would have took them in six.
Now I'm doing seven.
Thanks for the free game.
Suck it.
Yeah, I'm not going to be a fraud here.
I like Colorado, too.
So I guess the three of us all say Colorado.
But now with Eric Johnson possibly missing next game
and their goalie out, it is
Right.
Come on.
It's a huge  yeah, it's a huge swing.
I mean, but Frantzouz, like I said, he was a great backup during the year.
I don't know how he's going to be going forward here,
but that's a huge loss, and we don't know what Eric Johnson's going to be back.
So, yeah, that's obviously a huge factor if you're going to be doing any wagering.
I got some message from some Stars fans, Ari.
We hadn't been stroking them off enough.
I think we gave them the double wrister there.
Yeah, I know.
I need a shower after that one.
Yeah.
If I can hit the Roman swipe for it.
Fucking jaws sore.
All right, moving right along.
The Islanders eliminated Washington in five games
with a 4-0 whitewashing on Thursday.
Beauvillier, man, this kid's been on fire for the Islanders, six goals.
But I thought a big story was the largely uninspired play from the Capitals,
their second straight first-round bounce.
I mentioned it last episode, the possibility if they lose,
what's going to happen with Todd Radin.
Well, we got our answer Sunday morning.
The Caps did indeed fire him.
Fire him again two straight years with the first-round exit
after winning the Cup.
He did have two years left on his deal.
We're not sure what he was making.
But you do got to wonder if Carolina wished they had a do-over
with Barry Trotz.
Of course, he coached in the Cup.
He had a clause that kicked in for two more years.
In the meantime, Coach and Sellers went through the roof.
They didn't want to give him five years.
They let him walk, and this is the result.
A guy who wasn't nearly as good a coach.
The team hadn't looked inspired, really, for the last little while little while here with dog let's go to you again first on this
one you got take uh on the firing i guess no surprise um kind of a brutal scenario to enter
in your first year as a head coach after the team wins the stanley cup and the head coach who won
the stanley cup for that team's gone right so So last year, it was a weird beginning, I think.
And to look the way they had, it's just
you wonder if they're going to look to trading a key piece of their team.
But when you saw Backstrom wasn't on the first power play unit
when he came back, there were some decisions by Todd Reard
and I think Capitals fans didn't like.
And what you see, a team that after they won that Stanley Cup,
you're thinking, all right, they can go on.
They can win a couple more here.
And to have the two years that they've had since then,
you understand there's going to be changes.
And now you wonder if there'll be big changes player-wise.
Do they try to move a key piece?
Does something happen there?
Because it certainly isn't just the coaching staff and the GM.
It's got to be some sort of whatever the players they have in that room
aren't gelling.
They haven't gelled the way the Stanley Cup team did.
They haven't bought in.
And maybe it's all coaching.
I'd have a hard time believing that.
But I wasn't surprised to see it go down.
That's like the best and worst thing about you
know heading into a coaching job in a place like Washington you have all these superstars you know
you're gonna win uh but the the ultimately the the pressure lies on how you perform in playoffs
and it's a quick shelf life for guys if you can't get it done when that when it counts
um I haven't talked to anybody about the job or or evaluated at any any point of how he did when
he was there other than what i've seen the most discouraging aspect is just maybe the lack of fight
especially against a team that's you know was coming to playoffs like islanders were middle
of the row this year and to get dominated in a playoff series the way they did um backstrom of course being a key loss there like
that to me the series was over at that moment but just like i said given the lack of fight and who
you had in the lineup not many other guys other than you know a few of them really showed up and
played their best hockey so uh question mark is holpe as well whether he comes back he's going
to be one of the biggest names in free agent.
Some teams definitely need goaltending.
So things might not look the same in Washington, but I definitely give them that Pittsburgh title,
as in they're a team that still has a very good core
and wouldn't be surprised if they're able to put some other pieces in place
in order to make another solid run at the Stanley Cup.
So if you're a Washington Capitals fan,
at least you got that to look forward to.
And if you want to go over to the Islanders,
this team's good.
I've said it, said it a long time.
It's a good club.
And five on five, they dominated.
So they're able to, it's all game long.
I mean, Ross Johnston goes in.
It's like they're playing these fourth-line guys eight, nine, ten minutes.
It doesn't matter.
And you brought up Avelier.
I think I'm saying that right.
This guy, the goal he scored, the backhand,
when he drove the net that hard and took that hit,
he is changing that team in terms of like, all right,
they got Barzell on one line flying
around owning the puck whenever he's out there and now the way this kid looks he's playing with
nelson and bailey and all that's that's sick two lines dude they got so i i think they're
continuing to think that special teams is there and i mean if you like looked at um before the season and and how I think we all said
how are they going to replace Robin Leonard and what he did Rolamov looks awesome I know there
were times during there was no chance he was going to be compared to Leonard of the year before but
that series he he owned he owned the Capitals so if he he catches fire I mean I i have philly in this series you know we're going
to get into that the islanders and how they've played it's not going to be easy for anyone to
beat them it's going to be a boring ass a boring ass game and a long series to watch but there's
a good chance that they're going to be uh victorious at the end it's it's not crazy to
think just an overall summary of that Islanders team.
They're just disciplined in not only their structure,
they don't take penalties, they capitalize when they have opportunities,
and they have so many guys in that lineup who are undercover,
just crafty hockey players.
And you mentioned a few of them, Nelson and Bailey.
You can keep going down the list.
A very, very dangerous team,
and I think that they're well-matched against the Flyers.
I've seen Barry Trott's hockey referred to as a cult,
not necessarily in a bad way.
It's just these guys are all buying in.
They're buying what he's selling, and we're seeing the results.
Another note on the Caps, they're not big fans of paying their coaches.
They seem to always get their coaches on the cheap.
Since they've had Ovechkin, of the six coaches they've had in the Ovechkin era,
five of them were first-time NHL head coaches.
Glenn Hanlon, Bruce Boudreau, Dale Hunter, Adam Oates,
Barry Trotz, and now Todd Reardon.
So you're kind of wondering, like, all right,
you're bringing these guys who have that experience.
Well, Brian McClellan might have learned his lesson because he said today
the team needs an experienced coach, so that's who they're going to bring in.
I think the usual names they're going to bring in.
I think the usual names we're going to hear, LaViolette, Babcock, Gerard Gallant,
possibly Bruce Boudreau, Pat Deux.
We'll keep tabs on that.
Also, too, that post-series handshake between Trotz and Radin,
Biz definitely could have used a Roman swipe because it was oh so brief.
It seemed like there might still be a little lingering tension.
Yeah, what the fuck is that up?
What's up there?
You know, I mean, Redden was kind of brought along to groom him if they thought Trotz was going to leave.
So, you know, who knows what Trotz might have heard.
I mean, you know, we can speculate.
Trotz is a pretty well-liked, classy guy, and that was a brief handshake.
Let's hope Alan Walsh isn't his agent.
He'll be fucking sending out another sword tweet.
He's going to have a horse's head in his fucking bed.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, shit.
Hey, gang, I know Labor Day is just around the corner
and that means cookouts and cocktails.
But you know what?
Don't be a donkey.
Everyone knows about the risks of driving drunk.
You could get in a crash.
People could get hurt or killed.
But let's take a moment to look at some surprising statistics.
Almost 29 people in the United States die every day
in alcohol-im alcohol impaired vehicle crashes.
That's one person every 50 minutes. Even though drunk driving fatalities have fallen by a third
in the last three decades, drunk driving crashes still claim more than 10,000 lives each year.
Drunk driving can have a big impact on your wallet too. You could get arrested, incur huge legal
expenses, lose your job. So what you want to do to prevent drunk driving, plan a safe ride home
before you start drinking. Designate a sober driver or call a taxi. If someone you know has
been drinking, take their keys and arrange for them to get a sober ride home. We all know the
consequences of driving drunk, but one thing is for sure, you're wrong if you think it's not a
big deal. Drive sober or get pulled over. You want to check out the hashtags. Hashtag drive sober.
Hashtag ride sober.
Hashtag impaired driving.
So that way you're not drinking and driving in your car.
I'm sorry, drunk driving in your car, your motorcycle,
or having any sort of impaired driving.
Just a little common sense, folks.
We've known about this stuff for a while.
So don't be an idiot.
If you're having a few, don't drive.
All right.
What you just mentioned, Philadelphia, who the Islanders are going to be playing.
Philly knocked out Montreal in six with a 3-2 nail-biter win Friday night.
I'll tell you, man, it's not often I feel bad for Canadians,
but Carey Price had probably some of the worst luck I've seen a goalie have all playoffs.
I mean, one goal off his defenseman, one off a forward, another one pinballed in.
He played a great game.
I mean, you look at the stats, they weren't great, but he just had a real rough night.
And anyways, Philly moves on. They're going to be playing the Islanders in round two. Game one is
Monday night. Biz, what's going on? What do you got for us on this? Yeah, well, we've talked quite
a bit about Montreal. I mean, it was unfortunate that Gallagher got injured and he wasn't able to
play in the last game there because he's such a difference maker for that Habs lineup.
We'll get into it because we've got a hazy interview coming up,
but obviously some jokes flying around with the broken jaw.
Not funny to make fun of a guy's injury,
but you guys will hear more of the backstory.
Hopefully it gets better.
I think that they have some bright spots in that lineup.
Montreal is one of those weird teams.
They still need some big, major pieces uh one of one of which up front
they need a first line center maybe cockton and emmy ends up turning into that guy r.a was certainly
impressed with how he played when he came when the break you know the bubble began so we'll see in
the future i i think montreal is a ways away from competing for a stanley cop yeah and i think
dono is is to me looks like a really good second-line center.
He's not able to produce enough offense where he would be compared
to like a Dubois.
Like there's only so much I can give you if you're able to play
a good 200-foot game but only muster up around 50 points.
The big dogs, the Kopitars, the Bergerons, the Crosbys,
and the list goes on.
These guys are able to compete at 200 feet
and also put up some pretty significant numbers.
So Habs fans, you might not like to hear that,
but oh well, I stroked you guys up enough.
So with the Philly conversation,
we should probably throw it over to Hazy, right, R.A.?
Yeah, it'd be the perfect time to do it,
and we'll get some predictions afterwards. So without further ado,
here's our buddy, Kevin Hayes.
We're now pleased to be joined by no, I mean, no surprise here.
Our first bubble guests, probably one of the most, the hottest,
the hottest names in hockey right now, just dominating Philadelphia's Kevin Hayes.
What's up, buddy buddy how you doing sandy
good doing well how you guys doing we're doing great man we're doing great but where we have
don't get annoyed we got tons of questions because bubble life to me seems bizarro world
i'm wondering like daily how you how you holding up and what's it like being with everyone so often and so close?
Yeah, I mean, bubble life is definitely different.
It was pretty fun the first two nights we were here.
And it got pretty serious quickly after that once the game started.
But yeah, I mean, we're fenced in.
I don't have a good view of it, but our rehab room has a good view of it where, like, you can see the whole entire area that we're allowed to walk in.
It just has a black fence around it.
Like, you can't leave the black fence unless you're on a bus going to the game.
It's wild.
You can't go golfing? They didn't want to, like, put a course aside to the game. It's wild. You can't go golfing?
They didn't want to put a course aside for the bubble guys?
I think a couple teams that won in five games went golfing.
Okay.
I'm not sure.
You might want to ask Wags.
That could have been you, but you shit the bed in game five.
Yeah.
Oh, geez.
You should be rewarded for going more games because you're adding to the revenue you should be you should you know i'm saying if you go seven like maybe maybe you get
golf 36 holes the next day or something i know especially if you go seven against montreal you
should get extra that's right they're generating a lot of revenue well let's let's actually dive
into that right now they ended up putting up a pretty good fight. You know, a lot of bright spots in that lineup.
I guess let's start with the Suzuki kid.
He looked pretty impressive.
I know there was a little bit of an issue in the last game,
or the second to last game, where he patted Carter hard on the head.
You wouldn't have done that, Kevin, wouldn't you?
No.
Would you ever have done the pat on the head?
Never.
Never.
Not with Shea Weber out there.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, he ended up snapping.
I didn't know who did it from Philadelphia.
Ended up reciprocating.
Oh, was it?
But overall, yeah, I know he's a good kid.
But talk about, like, their team and their play
and what it was like going against the Habs.
No, I mean, they're a good team.
Like, obviously, they got carry price.. Obviously, they got Cary Price.
You can win every night with that guy.
And that Suzuki
guy, he's nasty.
He really is.
Who's he like? Give me
a name in the league.
I haven't seen him that much.
Yeah, he's really young.
And he's like...
He kind of does everything.
Maybe like a poor man's O'Reilly.
Okay, okay.
Holy shit.
No, but I heard he's defensive.
It's not just offense and cheating.
There's no cheating with his game.
Yeah, he's really confident with the puck too.
I don't want to say you're nervous when he touches the puck,
but he's capable of doing something pretty productive every time he touches it.
He was one of their best players for sure.
I mean, I don't think he's too happy about tapping Hartzio on the head.
He was probably like, fuck, I can't believe I did that on national television.
But whatever, that's his prerogative, I guess.
But no, I mean, they got Price.
They got those three big Ds.
They didn't shut up the whole entire series.
What do you mean by that?
I know Vigneault, with probably one of the best quotes of playoffs so far,
what he said, I think he broke his jaw when he was yapping under a bench too much.
I'm not joking. He might have because did he say? I think he broke his jaw when he was yapping under a bench too much. Referring to Gallagher.
I'm not joking. He might have because he seemed okay when he came to the bench and he didn't shut up for about
five minutes.
Actually, that was a
quote that Gallagher had said when
Derek Stepien broke his jaw in the ranges.
And he basically, Vigneault was basically
just kind of quoting. Wow.
It was an ultimate troll.
It was a calm. It was like when Steve Sullivan got the guy,
the guy got hit.
And Steve Sullivan's like,
you fucking pigeon.
The best.
Hazy,
there's a great picture of you on the bench.
When,
when Brandon Gallagher is kind of chirping at you guys,
were you just sitting there looking at him?
Were you kind of giving it back to him?
You couldn't really tell from the picture.
Uh,
the wit knows what I said,
but I don't think,
I don't think it's,
uh,
I don't think it's, yeah don't think it's off the record.
You're going to get canceled if you talk.
Very funny.
Some of that stuff, you know, we can't be that all in, guys.
This is a podcast.
Some stuff will always remain.
Well, no, but in turning more into your team, I should have asked this first,
but how great was it getting Oscar back just around the boys?
He's skating, and I can't imagine, let alone for you guys,
and then him and how great that must feel.
Yeah, he's  I don't know if any of you guys have met him,
but he's unbelievable.
He's like  all Swedes are good guys.
Stallions, and they dress great too.
Yeah, and they're all like,
they're all just like very respectful,
like happy to be in the NHL and like really hard working.
And, and Oscar was like,
he's the same,
same exact way.
And I mean,
that,
that stick tap that went on was like,
guys were fired up.
Like it was like an emotional 15 seconds.
Like you didn't even know what to think like one
guy started doing it and then the whole team and he's in the middle of the ice and the coaches are
getting involved like the coaches are getting emotional and he's been practicing with us man
he looks fucking good too well that that gives me the chills and you told me it was sneaky like
dominant start by him he's like one of the best players on your team first.
Oh, yeah.
No, I mean, he  like, even right now, like, he doesn't
he skates with the aces, and then he skates with us,
and, like, he does these two-on-one drills,
and he's just going, like, bar down.
You're like, what's going on here?
Like, is this guy back?
But, I mean, he still weighs away, away but um i mean the way that this guy handled
his whole situation was a you don't you don't wish that upon anyone uh it's a horrible disease
cancer is i'm sure it's affected everyone on the podcast in some way but but um it's it sucks down
with stuff like that but the way he came to the games, every time we saw the guy, we won that night.
It was insane.
Every time he came to the rink, we won.
It was wild.
And just to see him kind of back and getting back into, like,
a regular NHL lifestyle where he shows up, he's at team breakfast,
he hops on the bus, he goes to the rink,
and I'm sure he's very grateful for his situation.
But, yeah, I mean, he's  we might have a chance there for him to play.
So it's a pretty cool situation.
Oh, wow.
He could get in the lineup if you guys make a little run here?
Potentially, yeah.
Wow.
That would be awesome to see.
Going back to the round robin, you guys had an electric start.
What do you  like what do you contribute to that?
Like what do you think it was that just led you guys to a electric start what do you like what do you contribute to that like
what do you what do you think it was that just led you guys to start firing off all these wins
uh i mean our goalies were good um we we're a really fun team like it's a very close and
hilarious team uh it's from the interviews you guys have done i'm sure you've noticed but
i think we got good leaders here honestly like our training camp was pretty professional uh there wasn't really a lot of bullshitting going on it was show up come do
your work uh we have a chance to we we were really confident because we were one of the best teams
when the covet hit and so we were like hey if this is actually going to happen we might as well
put our best foot forward.
And, like, with guys like Niskanen and Brian Elliott and Giroux,
Kutz, Justin Braun, Voracek, like, myself,
they kind of made sure that we were doing the right thing
so all the other guys buy in.
And we came to the bubble, and we picked up right where we left off.
And, I mean, everyone thinks we had a horrible series against Montreal,
but they're a good team.
It's hard to win playoffs here.
We still won in six games.
They're a great team.
Obviously, we wish we won six-nothing every night,
but it's just not going to happen in playoffs.
I think we've got a good leadership group here,
and we've got a lot of young guys who are nasty that buy into it.
So based off what you just said, would you say the playoff series
against Montreal being such a low seed was far harder than the round-robin games,
maybe considering the other teams weren't taking it as seriously
as already being in playoffs?
Do you think maybe that was part of it?
Yeah, there was definitely more emotion in Montreal.
Even game one wasn't even close to any of the round-robin games.
It's a little weird when you go out there
and there's no fans there and warm-ups and stuff.
But once the puck drops and it's playoffs,
you know how playoffs are.
It's a battle every single shift.
It's literally every single play kind of matters
for the outcome of the game,
where in the first three games, everyone wanted to be one one seed but we knew it wasn't do or die where if we lose this
game it's especially for us we were the fourth seed so we didn't even we couldn't get any lower
from where we were so we were in a great position coming in awesome easy i'd be remiss if i didn't
mention of course kata hot uh It was his birthday last week.
I sent you that birthday serenade that you post on Instagram.
Of course, the next day he gets yanked.
First time he's pulled all playoffs.
He did post back-to-back shutouts right after,
which I thought showed some great resiliency.
I mean, to me, this kid, his play, his manner when he talks to the media
afterwards, he just gives off the vibe of like a veteran,
a guy who's been in the league for years.
Is that how he's like in the room, Kev?
Yeah, he's a quiet kid.
He's a very interesting kid too, actually.
He grew up right outside of Edmonton.
How so? How so?
Yeah, let's go, baby.
No, he sounds like I'd like to get to know this guy.
He sounds like a weird cat.
He's probably the dude selling fleshlights to all the boys. He's a goalie.
Yeah, he's definitely a goalie.
He's lucky.
He has a good mentor in Moose.
I think Moose
has helped him tremendously, honestly.
But no, he's
your typical goalie.
He does his own thing.
He brought a guitar and an amp
to the Hotel X,
and he's right next to the Connecties room, and he plays his guitar at Connecties.
He just has his amp every single night.
Electric or acoustic?
He actually needed the amp.
He couldn't just hear the acoustic tunes.
No, he brought an electric guitar.
Oh, he's Eddie Van Halen.
Is he playing in the lobby bar to earn a few bucks on his entry level or what he honestly
he honestly would if he could like he wouldn't think it would be a big deal like he he'd be like
oh yeah i'll go down there and play in front of every nhl team like it's like he doesn't think
it's a big deal like he's uh he's a very like collected kid he he uh very professional. He puts a lot of work into his game.
He spends a lot of time with our goalie coach, and it shows.
He's one of the best goalies in the league right now.
You should find that guy who was playing the piano
and get a bubble band going.
Who was playing the piano in there?
Just happy his agent isn't Alan Walsh.
Just happy his agent isn't Alan Walsh.
What about the food situation, like the meals?
Are you guys able to go to all these different restaurants inside the bubble?
So there's a restaurant, like your hotel lobby restaurant,
that pretty much everyone always goes to.
But when you get sick of it, do you know the toronto fc soccer team
yep so their field is in our bubble it's fenced into our bubble so we can go like we have team
dinner there tonight there's a restaurant there um so we can just walk over to the soccer field
and they have like uh bocce ball can jam um spike ball uh
but only two restaurants you said they're in the one in your hotel
yeah but we have these uh vip guys that work for every team and so you can order from any place in
toronto and they go to a specific part of the bubble and they they drop it off, and then that person goes and gets it
and either brings it to your room or brings it down to the lobby
and you just go down and get it.
So you can get Miku or Aloe,
the good restaurants that you would go to in Toronto.
Brass rail.
Yeah, and key food.
But it's the thing like...
The gold from the brass rail?
Like, that's too heavy.
A little sushi platter.
I never order food to my apartment ever.
Like, you saw me.
I have no silverware in my apartment.
Nope.
It's so weird for me to do, like, Uber Eats.
Like, every time I Uber Eat something,
I have to have a Sandheimer connecting to it
because I don't even have the app on my phone.
So it's...
I try to go down to Petro's every day.
How about Jens with the concierge
Was ordering like tank tops
And hair gel LA looks
No no
He had a text back
Mr. Jens we can't find those
Particular tank tops
He's like that's okay any company will do
Or any clothing line
So I guess you really can
You are VIP you can get whatever you want
No you really can We wanted to VIP. You can get whatever you want.
No,
you really can.
Like we,
we wanted to have a bocce ball tournament.
So we, we sent the guy out.
They will get bocce stuff.
He came back.
I sent them out to get some Canadian candies.
Yeah.
What's the weirdest thing you guys have done in there to keep yourselves
occupied?
We watched the replacements last night in the movie theater.
There's a movie theater in the hotel.
Oh, nice.
So every night you see it,
is it just a certain few you can watch?
No, I think
if you reserve it, we reserved it for our team.
And so we got to pick the movie and then
whoever they tell their tech guy or whatever.
So I picked the replacements.
Ari's going to sneak into the bubble just so we can fucking chill in the theater.
But no, I mean, our day is pretty  like, my day pretty much consists of
waking up, breakfast.
Cranking it.
COVID testing.
And then Xbox until we leave.
Call of Duty.
Go to the rink.
Come back.
Crush your mattress.
Either play Call of Duty or bocce ball until dinner or cards
and go to dinner and then watch hockey.
What a life.
So you're seeing all the other guys from the Eastern teams.
So at the beginning, it was just the top five seeds were in this hotel,
and the first couple nights were just hilarious i heard that like every team up top um but then after someone from our
hotel got eliminated someone from uh i think it's the royal york hotel would come over the next
the next highest seed so like pitt, Pittsburgh lost, Carolina came over,
and now the Islanders just moved in yesterday.
So now there's just four teams here.
Awkward.
Yeah.
You're a bocce guy, Hazy?
I wasn't until I got here.
It's a great game.
I'm unreal at it.
It's unbelievable.
It really is.
Like, we played it yesterday for probably three hours.
Are you putting spin on the ball and stuff?
Are you blocking them out, the stymies?
Are you figuring that out?
Yeah, me and Niskanen, we had a team tournament the other day,
100 buy-in, and it was crazy.
The two Russians were the first two out.
But then I think the winners were Giroux and Braun.
But now since that tournament, me and Niskanen play CFI.
We connect for like three hours every single day.
How much a game?
What's the most it's gotten up to?
You guys are degenerates.
No, those are good guys to gamble with because they don't, they don't gamble too much.
Uh, I'm sure if a couple of the other guys were over there, what about, what about Lawton? Tell
me, try to explain to the chicklets listeners about this guy. He does not stop talking, right? And he's just hilarious.
He says the funniest things on the ice.
I'm on the ice.
I can't even focus this guy.
It's unbelievable.
He said something the other day, right?
I don't want to say who he was saying it to. I'm sure you guys can figure it out.
But a guy ices it, and he's not even on the ice.
He stands up, right?
And he's looking around the bench.
He goes, I've had it though.
Someone get this guy a skills coach.
I was losing.
He goes, I can't take this guy anymore.
Oh, fuck.
You would have been saying that to me for fucking crazy.
There's no chance the guys aren't laughing,
like at least biting their gloves.
And like his best buddy who like he is inseparable with is Mike Raffle.
And they just feed off of each other on the bench.
It is so funny.
It's incredible.
It really is.
So if you wouldn't have all these characters on your team,
life in the bubble would probably be pretty difficult. It's incredible. It really is. So if you wouldn't have all these characters on your team,
life in the bubble would probably be pretty difficult.
Because not to chirp you, but you do sound a little bit like  not depressively about it, but it's probably not as easy as people think it is.
Well, it's a grind.
It gets old quickly.
It's nice that for us especially, we came here in our first three games.
They didn't really matter, and we were playing every four nights.
Like, we were losing our minds.
We're seeing these other eight teams playing
in real playoff games every other night.
We're winning and then our next game is four days later.
And we're like, what the hell do we do inside
of a fucking black fence here?
Oh, I would just be hard not to drink.
The first couple of nights were funny. I would just  it would be hard not to drink.
The first couple of nights were funny.
Hey, so you mentioned all those games in there.
I got to ask, is there actual bubble hockey in the bubble hockey?
No, there isn't.
I haven't seen it yet.
Missed opportunity.
They  like the first  at the beginning,
we used the hotel way more at the beginning.
There's like tennis courts, four tennis courts, squash courts, ping pong.
But once the games start, no one really  once they start battering,
no one really does that stuff anymore just in case you get hurt or whatever.
Right.
But, like, you can only do so many things so many times.
Like, it gets old.
I played Xbox for three, four hours a day at least every single day.
Johnny, are you good? You only screw so much.
Are you good at video games?
I feel like you'd be kind of terrible.
I'm not great, but it's fun because you can go into
do you play Call of Duty or no?
No.
There's like a function called Warzone where it's a team of four.
What's the Gulag? I always hear about that.
The Gulag's in Warzone.
So you go
so it's always me,
Konechny, Sanheim,
and either Jake or
Raffle in a group. And so it's us
four and we go against
150 other people
of teams of four.
And you just battle until the end.
And it gets  when you get down to the final 10,
it gets unbelievable.
Your hands are just sweating.
But if you die, you go into the gulag,
and the gulag is just one-on-one.
Jake Voracek, I think, is 0-50 in the gulag.
Oh.
Go ahead, R.A.
Well, I was just going to ask about, I want to go back to hockey talk
about the Islanders.
And, you know, you guys are going to be facing off against them.
Like, what are your thoughts going into this one?
And what have you guys prepared yourselves for?
Yeah, I mean, they're a good team.
They kind of just walk through the capitals there.
They'll try to bore you to death.
Yeah, I mean, they play a stingy game for sure.
They play a good team defense.
Like, you can't get down a couple goals to them
because they kind of just shut it down
and do whatever they can to keep pucks out of their net.
So, I mean, we played them pretty well this year.
I don't think we won, but they came back late in both of the games.
But, I mean, like, I don't even think we can compare it to the old games
because it's so different.
Like, there's no fans.
It's completely different systems.
Trade deadline came and stuff.
So, I think it'll be a good series.
I really do.
I think we match up well against them.
And, I mean, I think it'll be a hard series, but I think it'll be good.
I know they beat you
three times in the regular season. That probably feels like
five seasons ago at this point.
Yeah, exactly. I don't think you can even use that
info.
It's two different teams, basically.
We played three games
early against them, too.
What was the feeling
like the first game, game though with no fans?
Like how long did it, was it
I guess, I mean, does it
feel similar to the Foxborough League in the
summer? No joke. Like what's the difference?
Music? The first
exhibition game
I was just fucking around
and someone would go hit someone
like, I think it was shift one and I'm like, just fucking kill him.
And Malkin looked down and was like, dude, it's the first shift
for the exhibition game.
There's no fans here.
I'm like, I know, but you got to get yourself into it, honestly.
The weirdest part, I think, is warm-ups.
You go out there and there's just no one out there.
Legit.
Like, not one person you can't see besides the coaches.
There's a couple guys in the corners with, like, masks.
Maybe they're the photographers or something.
I've seen them.
Other than that, no, they should.
Like, basketballs look  what do you think about basketballs look
with the fake fans, the video fans?
That's like a video game. I don't think it looks great yeah i
mean i think they've done everything they possibly can for it to look good for for like you guys
watching but how is it for you guys watching is it i'll say this i have no problem because i'm so
focused on the play itself i talked to my old man he says i don't like it without fans and i i just
it hasn't i haven't noticed the difference i still feel like it without fans and i i just it hasn't i haven't noticed the
difference i still feel like it's competitive and and maybe it's just given yeah just given like the
climate and the fact that there's nothing else i am so grateful that you guys are are making the
sacrifices in order to stay in the bubble alone because we've talked about how hard that could be
but also the product on the ice so as from a fan standpoint, I'm over the moon. Well, yeah, I mean
No, go ahead.
I think, like, if you're a hockey fan and your team's in the playoffs,
like, those first couple days were unbelievable.
It was four or six games.
Legit March Madness for five straight days.
It was unbelievable.
Even us, our games weren't even mattering.
We would just come back and there'd be hockey from noon to midnight.
Just dream for degenerates.
A little bit, a little bit.
Kev, I want to bring up your Men in Blazers interview that you did last week.
That was a huge hit online.
They did it before one of the games last week.
How'd that come about? It looked like you had
some fun up there. Yeah, they
reached out to our PR guy.
That guy's a beauty.
That Roger guy. Yeah, Roger Bennett.
Yeah, I talked
to him a little bit before we started.
He's a super nice guy.
They just reached out and
I think they've done a couple NHL guys like
Matthews, O'Reilly, Oshie, Hedman.
Yeah, I mean, it was a cool interview.
He brought us some good points, and I don't think he knows a crazy amount
about hockey, which made it even that much funnier.
Some of the stuff he was saying was just like hilarious.
And I'm like, I don't know if this guy, like he's a big soccer guy, right?
Oh, huge. Yeah. Yeah. So, but no, he was just messing with you.
Yeah. I know he could be the funniest human ever.
Do you ever hear how his, their podcast started? It's a crazy story.
He was on a boat. It was, it was the day of the world cup.
I forget what year, and it was a wedding on a boat. And there was only one boat. It was the day of the World Cup. I forget what year.
And it was a wedding on a boat, and there was only one other guy who was ignoring the wedding and watching the World Cup.
And it was the guy, his partner, he ended up starting the podcast with
because they were on the same wedding on a boat.
And they were the only two guys watching the soccer game.
They ended up becoming pals, started the podcast, and now they're
And were they in the sports industry, media, or anything at the time,
or were they just random guys? No, one of them might have been, but for the sports industry, media, or anything at the time, or were they just random guys?
One of them might have been, but for the most part,
they were two strangers who happened to be English guys at a wedding
watching the game.
God, God, God, tell me what he was.
He was funny, man.
He really was.
But, no, I thought it was a good interview.
So are you going to watch the games tonight?
Are you even going to bother or what?
We have a team dinner at 6.30.
I'll probably watch the Bruins game.
See how waggy.
Wags.
Wags.
Wags is the guy I was thinking about before.
It's really hard to get going.
I'm assuming for the guys who, like, have to play physical
and be in your face when there's no fans.
I guess it's probably getting easier. But for a skill guy, it's maybe not as hard and be in your face when there's no fans. I guess it's probably getting easier,
but for a skill guy, it's maybe not as hard
to get really fired up to try to kill someone.
Yeah, yeah, I know what you mean.
You guys should get Wags on this podcast.
You get a lot of words out of him.
Yeah, right, Evic. What's up, Wags?
Nothing.
Wags, what do you think of the season?
It's good.
What are you doing today?
Playing golf.
All right, Wags.
Talk to you later, bud. Love you. All right, Wags. Talk to you later, bud.
Love you.
All right, Hazy.
Thank you so much, man.
This has been great.
We appreciate you coming on first, bubble guy.
No surprise.
And I think it's funny because when we talked to you when we were in Philly
in whatever, October, November, you said you couldn't believe how close this
team was.
And now you've gone on this run. The team looks great.
You could could end up winning the Stanley cup. So good luck, buddy.
Keep it going. Thank you. Thanks guys.
Huge thanks to Hazy for joining us in the bubble.
I'm sure he's getting inundated with requests because he's such a good,
good interview. He's got a goal and six assists so far in the bubble play.
Going back to that series,
the Islanders did beat them three times in the regular season. Like Kevin
said, he doesn't think that's going to be of
much significance now. Last playoff
meeting between these two was way back in the
1987 Patrick Division Finals.
But let's get you out of takes, your predictions
I should say. Who do you have here and how many?
I got Philly in seven.
I will not pick the Islanders.
They can keep winning.
I ain't picking them.
What do you got, Biz?
I'm glad we interviewed Hazy before I'm giving my prediction here.
And this is no offense to Hazy because I think this Philadelphia team
is very good.
I just think that the Islanders got the feng shui going right now,
and I think they're going to take it in seven.
Yeah, I agree with you, Biz.
Like I said, it's a cult mentality in a good way.
They're just steamrolling right along.
I don't know.
I'm going to go with the Islanders in seven too
and face the wrath of Philly on Twitter once again.
So me and Biz on the same page there, the Whitdogs sticking with Philadelphia.
A little loyalty to the Hays men.
Either way, the NHL playoffs are in full force right now, and you're probably crushing a few beers or pink Whitney's while
watching the games. Well, DHM Detox is the ultimate vitamin for people who like to enjoy alcohol. It's
the smart, responsible way to drink, and it's time to start taking care of yourself when you're
having a few cold ones. DHM Detox is a blend of natural ingredients, antioxidants, and vitamins
that are designed to help fight off the toxins while you're drinking.
Say goodbye to rough next mornings and get back to being productive and feeling good the next day.
The company is built on the words, no days wasted, and their mission is to help you be and feel your best after socializing.
Take two capsules after your first few drinks and it goes to work.
Double up with another packet if you're having a big night.
DHM Detox is part of our drinking routine as well as tens of thousands of people the packets are easy to take with you and share
with family and friends dhm detox is 100 risk-free purchase on your first box so if you don't love it
they'll refund you on your one box it's a no-brainer so at the very least give it a shot
and if you don't like it you get your money back biz i know you're coming to boston i hope you're
bringing a shitload of this stuff because we're gonna be whacking a few back no i'll be handing that stuff out like candy i love it i
bring it to weddings and other social events well at least in the past and it works for me as you
said risk-free trial the vitamin for people that drink it scientifically breaks down the toxins of
the alcohol before they hit your lever wit howitt. How do you feel about that?
Good.
Awesome.
That sounds just like right up my alley.
Yeah.
Science.
You're not smarter than science.
Nope.
Never said that.
Of course, we're going to hit you guys with a promo code.
Just head over to NoDaysWasted.com and use the promo code Biz20 for 20 off.
Use the promo code biz20 for 20 off.
That's nodayswasted.com for no days wasted after drinking with biz20.
That's your promo code.
P.S., Labor Day weekend just around the corner like I just mentioned,
so plan ahead and be prepared for the festivities.
DHM Detox.
All right, gang.
This is the series I'd say a lot of people are looking forward to watching.
Tampa Bay and Boston, they're going to be kicking off Sunday night before we record Tampa Bay was 3-1 in the regular season
one of those wins was a shutout this is the third postseason
meeting between these clubs Bruins beat them back in the Eastern Conference
final in 2011 Tampa returned the favor in the conference semis
in 2018 we got an unreal coaching matchup
Cooper versus Cassidy Stamkos still unfit
to play.
It doesn't look like we're going to see him right now.
We'll obviously keep an eye on that.
In their last game, Tampa beat Boston 5-3 in Boston.
Very feisty game, five misconducts, a lot of scraps.
Tampa bulked up.
They got Patty Maroon in the offseason.
Whitdog, what are you looking forward to this series, buddy?
I think that this has been a big of a guarantee,
as you could imagine,
all year long that these teams were going to meet in the second round.
It was meant to be this way, and they match up so evenly.
All I can say is whoever plays better in net's going to win.
The team, Tampa might be a little bit deeper offensively.
I just think they're both so good.
I think they're both in the past, you know,
10 years have been two of the best teams in the league.
And you can see that they've played before.
They played before in what was it, 2011 already?
The best game seven ever when the Bruins won.
And that was a one-nothing game. And then in 2018, the Lightning smoked them, didn't they?
4-1.
Conference semis, yep.
So they have history.
And now, granted, the teams are so much different than prior matchups,
but still the core isn't.
And you think that Tampa finally got over the hurdle of beating Columbus
and was able to kind of just crush those skeletons in their closet.
I guess I'll put it that way.
And then finally now you see, all right, well,
we got to go up against the Bruins.
That's what we get.
We got to go up against Bergeron, Marchand, Pasternak,
the best line in the league.
I'll argue that line's better than any line Tampa has.
I think that after that, the Bruins are going to need depth.
They're going to need a guy like Charlie Coyle to continue playing awesome.
Corrales is going to probably need to be a little bit better,
but he's a beast in the playoffs.
Guys down the bottom of the lineup for Boston are going to have to be good
because when you look at how good Tampa is when they get going,
it's Yanni Gord.
He's a third-line player with Coleman and Goudreau,
those guys they bring in.
I mean, they get a lot of not only occasional scoring,
but a lot of momentum off of their third and fourth line i
think the bruins do similarly so that's why i just i see this matchup is so even fucking awesome i
don't think that the bruins uh have a headman maybe mcavoy can be that good in a few years but
he's the best defenseman in the in if maybe not in the game at least the series so you talk about
you talk about goaltending and can halak show up and also vasilevsky he's
shown times he can't be he's not exactly fabulous in all the playoff games he's played in that's why
i just think whoever plays better in net wins wow what a fucking breakdown do you not agree with all
the things i said they're kind of good then pulling up the past games nailing the scores
um they're even i think that i think that people are going to be surprised
if they haven't been watching Tampa,
how they come off more physical
or at least more involved physically than last year.
I think that's one thing that they've addressed,
and I'm interested to see how they're able to do so now
against Boston because I feel like more throughout
the entire Boston lineup, they're going to do so now against Boston because I feel like more throughout the entire Boston lineup,
they're going to be more physical than Columbus was.
Same type of team and how they handle and approach the game in that way.
I got Tampa winning this in seven,
and I just think that right now they got a good thing going.
I think that they're going to be ready for Boston,
and as you mentioned, I think it's going to come down to goaltending.
And I wasn't exactly impressed from what I've seen from Halak.
And I think that this is a very, very pivotal moment for Vasilevsky
in order to prove to people that he can get it done in playoffs.
And I got, as I said, I got Tampa.
And you mentioned Coleman.
What a pickup.
I really like his game.
And we talked about the few places where they added a little bit of grit
to the lineup.
Between him and Patty Maroon, I think it's just enough.
And then the fact that I even look at all the other guys in the Tampa lineup,
like a guy like Kalorin, like he's playing physical.
Like he's not shying away from that stuff.
So it's going to be a very interesting series
and i'm it's unfortunate that they have to meet this early i would have liked to have seen it
next round but oh well tampa and seven i got tampa and six yeah man the bees they got their hands
full tampa this team has much more score and punch i think is particularly in the bottom six the
broins aren't getting a shitload really any offense from their bottom six i know their fourth line is
a good shutdown line but they got to get some goals there.
Whit, you mentioned Hedman.
The Boston doesn't have Hedman.
Chara, you know, he's Chara, but he's not the Chara of 10 years ago.
And Vasilevsky, man, I think he's been outstanding.
He probably got overshadowed a little bit by Corposalo,
but 9-2-7, 1-9-8 so far in the playoffs.
And Halak, man, I mean, is he capable of carrying this team like Raskwood under
normal circumstances? I don't know. I mean, I know
he's done it in the past, but that was 10 years
ago he went on that run. I got to give
the nod to Vassie in that regard.
So, boys, I don't know if you've ever done this
in my Boston career, but I'm going tampering
seven. I'm not even trying to
reverse whammy myself. What?
We have no fans of the podcast
left.
Holy shit.
You're doing this on purpose.
Like to make a
I don't believe in jinx whammies.
Are we going to be safe in that house?
Oh, I'm saying you're doing this on purpose to get like play on the internet
or something.
Like what?
No, man.
I just  I don't know.
If it was Rask, I'd probably go Boston in seven.
And it's not nearly a diss to Halak. but also, like I said, the depth score.
I'm not seeing the Boston bottom six guys producing on a level
that I think Tampa's got.
And I think that might swing the series right there.
So, hey, I've never been  I never hoped I'm so wrong in my life.
Obviously, I got a ticket on Boston, but I'm just going with what I've seen so far.
I think it's tampering seven.
I'm going to get Walshie to bring over some
bulletproof vests for us at the house now,
because we're going to have all these crazy
Bruins fans. I'll take Bruins
in seven, just so the house doesn't get egged.
Just so the house doesn't get egged, boys.
Okay. Thank God. Thank God. Thank you, G.
Oh, well. So, that
wraps up for the fourth series.
Gave our predictions. They'll be moving along in a sec.
I just want to ask you,
have you been thinking about relearning that language
you took in high school or college,
but think it'll take too much time?
Well, Babbel can help you pick it up back real fast.
I've been thinking about brushing up on my French skills lately,
and there's no better time than now.
Babbel has proven to get you speaking a language within weeks.
Babbel designs their courses with real-world conversation
in mind, letting you learn everyday practical conversations that you'll actually use.
The daily lessons are 10 to 15 minutes, and they start by teaching you words and phrases.
Then the sentences gradually get more complex, so when you're practicing short conversations,
next thing you know, you're at the Louvre or the Eiffel Tower talking to people in your regular
second tongue. With Babbel, you can choose from 14 different languages,
including Spanish, French, Italian, and German,
and Babbel is available as an app or online,
so your progress will be synced across all devices.
Right now, when you purchase a three-month subscription,
Babbel will give our listeners three additional months for free
with the promo code CHICKLETS.
That's three additional months for free if you go to babbel.com
and use the promo code CHICKLETS on your three-month subscription.
That's B-A-B-B-E-L.com, promo code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Once again, babbel.com, promo code CHICKLETS
to get three free months, learn a new language.
Everybody should learn a new language.
We should probably brush up on our English like I said before, Biz. All right. Well, this is the big story in media since the last
episode. Mike Milbury has left the bubble after comments he made during Thursday's Capitals
Island. This game set off an internet firestorm after Brian Boucher spoke about the bubble being
perfect for guys who like being with teammates for a long stretch. Milbury chimed in with,
quote,
not even any woman here to disrupt your concentration, end quote.
Given the verbiage used, I guess,
putting the woman in the action of doing the disruption,
a large portion of women in hockey media were offended by his statement,
as were many others.
Some took it as him referring to the notorious hornball hockey players in the bubble having one less thing on their minds
while they're in the playoffs and not women in general. The NHL released a statement condemning what he said.
He did not appear on Friday's game. And then on Saturday, Milbury released his own statement.
He said, in light of the attention caused by my recent remark, I have decided to step away from
my role at NBC Sports for the remainder of the Stanley Cup playoffs. I do not want my presence
to interfere with the athletes as they try to win the greatest trophy in sports.
NBC spoke to him about it. They conveyed
their disappointment with him.
I don't know if he voluntarily left on his own
or NBC pushed him, whatever went on
behind closed doors. We don't know. Either way, I don't
know if that's a point you need to bring up during a telecast,
but I know you
had some opinions on this. What do you
have, buddy?
I love doing this show show but we'll be fucking gone in no time if this is it nowadays we'll be fucking done because the fact that this made the new the
fact that that comment ended up producing a statement from the National Hockey League, shows we are living in the craziest times.
I can't even believe the fact that he is no longer working.
You can hate Mike Milbury as an announcer.
What, do you think he sucks at his job?
Like, this comment is what got this guy buried?
Are you shitting me?
He's not talking about women hockey reporters who are traveling with the team
or working with the team or ever around, like, distracting.
He's talking about young guys who, if it was the normal playoff scenario,
maybe you went around, you go out, maybe you get laid.
That's pro sports.
That's young guys.
That's girls who want to be with the guys and
maybe that's considered a distraction occasionally this is this is totally normal i'm not saying i
would have said it and i actually when he said it i was like oh i think somebody will probably like
give him shit for it i never in a million years thought it would be this big of a story it boggles
my mind because you you can think can think he's a shitty hockey announcer
and shitty in between periods and doesn't do a great job
at basically getting people excited to watch hockey,
but that has nothing to do with the backlash this dude's gotten for this.
Yeah.
I don't know.
We'll be fucking canceled, Biz, if this is what is happening.
Let me start off by maybe conveying the message from the other side.
So obviously there are some people, men and women included,
who are upset by what he said.
And I would imagine it's the same crowd who, as you mentioned,
probably don't necessarily like Mike Milbury
and don't think that he brings anything to the broadcast. And in the midst of a broadcast, does his comment need to be said? No, but it's
live and it flew off the cuff and he misspoke. And I believe he used the word distraction.
Did that word come out of his mouth? He said that no women disrupt their concentration,
which I think was the issue of the verb. Yeah. and it came off as like a negative where I think that most people,
I talked to my girlfriend about it.
I talked to my mom about it.
I talked to some other females that are in and around the media industry,
and they were just kind of like, no, like that, like, you know,
he was just basically saying like, yeah, some of these guys are young
and horny, and, you know, maybe if they weren't in the bubble,
they would be, you know, going to pursue in some activities.
The old thing, like boxers don't have sex before a big fight.
So, so, so I can understand where,
where those people in NBC don't want that type of message portrayed to the
masses because, you know,
it's NBC and they've already dealt with something in the past, which,
you know, we learned,
I personally learned a lesson on with the, with the JR situation. And we've apologized for that.
And I think where, where it could have been left is a, I think a lot of people knew what he meant
by it. I don't think that it was necessarily harmful in the grand scheme of things, although
it was a negative word and it could come off and be interpreted in that
way. So what he did was he, he, he did something wrong. He apologized for it and we can all just
move the fuck on, but no, you got to publicly humiliate him because you don't like him.
And now it's not enough to just for him to apologize. You want him out. I don't, I have
no opinion. If you don't want him in there for the
whole built-up uh career of mike milbury what you think he brings to the sport i have no opinion i'm
not going to argue with you with you on that i will not because i don't care whether or not he
has that job anymore it doesn't affect my job in the least what i'm not okay with is this guy being
canceled because he misspoke and it came out as maybe in negative
context. And that's me giving the other side the benefit of the doubt. I think that this is a
massive nothing burger. The fact that people were so- Nothing burger.
Yeah. I mean, if someone is offended by something, says, we can't say, oh, you're not offended. We're
not invalidating that. We're just saying, we're looking at it this way. I mean, like you said,
biz, women don't think monolithically. It's not like because, you you know women online or in the industry were pissed i've talked to women in my
life and they they kind of were the same way as your girl like they kind of laughed at it and
they said what what's the you know what the big deal is basically what they said so you know there
is diversity of opinion among women there that's such a bullshit if anybody from from a female
perspective is thinking they can speak for all women or even all women in the industry that's
a fucking no-no that tells me i'm taking your opinion and I'm throwing it right out the
window because there was men that were upset about what he said and women. But I've also talked to
women, uh, my girlfriend, well-educated she's, she's a lawyer. She can make, she could, she could
take context for which it's being said on television to understand exactly what that was and it was as i said a nothing burger in my world in her world in fucking all the other women
i've talked to his world all right well let's let's let's wrap it up by saying the guy on the
cincinnati reds that clown who deserved to be fired after dropping a homophobic slur that that
is a guy who's done who deserves to be done when you're trying to get a
guy ruined because he mentioned that it might be distracting if guys are getting laid during the
playoffs whereas they're not in a bubble right now you're crazy and and and i'm not being a
hypocrite in any sense like guys we've joked around probably 20 times about how horned up
these guys are in the bubble like we've been joking about this for six weeks now it's it's it's this has nothing to do to try to offend anyone this is just biology
you got a young thoroughbred you got a young thoroughbred in a bubble and i'll tell you
i'm speaking from experience i know i'd be fucking my mattress you weren't a thoroughbred
well i meant in the sense of i wanted to fuck okay wit i mean i think we should
sorry there's all you're done.
Oh, no.
It's just kind of one of those things
where it's like...
It becomes such a massive issue
in this little part of Twitter
where I feel like it's a bit of an echo chamber
where it's like no one with any type of reasonable thought
could even go and touch it
because it's like you can't really articulate
your thoughts on Twitter
where here, at least, it's an open platform where you can discuss it so if people want to be enraged about
what he said I don't know man I'm just really not on board with you yeah there's no real room for
nuance on Twitter which is great we can discuss it here I mean I would say if he doesn't return
guys it would be because NBC doesn't think that juice is worth the squeeze anymore and correct
you know this might be the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back.
I mean, I like Milbury in the studio.
I don't know if color was the best spot for him.
He did seem a little cranky at times,
especially when he said multiple OTs got to go.
They got to bring a shootout.
I mean, for like an old school guy like Milbury to say that,
it definitely had an Abe Simpson vibe to it, like man yells at cloud.
So obviously we'll keep an eye on it going forward.
I mean, personally, you know,
given the,
the environment of the world today,
the situation with media,
I'd be surprised if they brought him back again.
I don't think he should lose his job for that incident,
but I think the NBA,
NBC might be reading all these complaints.
Did the NBA commissioner say no Instagram models and nobody said a word?
What's the difference?
He goes,
no Instagram models allowed in the bubble
wit we talked about it last week there was a seahawks player that snuck on a girl with
these are young guys they're fucking horny there's young there's young girls who are horny too yeah
it has nothing to do with sex here it's just the fact that there's guys stuck in a bubble that are
horned up and that's a fact. That's just biology, baby.
Just trying to get that nut.
All right, moving along.
Buddy Halls, E. Taylor Hall, he said that in free agency,
winning is going to be his top priority.
He's got 10 seasons in the league.
He's only had two postseasons, just 14 games.
He's still just two years removed from his hot season.
Whit, any predictions on where he's going to end up? I mean, I know you probably haven't talked to him,
but with the flat cap, he's probably not going to get the dough
he might have been looking at, say, a year ago.
Any hunches?
I don't have any hunches, but I do know after talking to him a while back,
he just wants to win.
And I think he'll take less.
He's made plenty of money.
He made enough money to last the rest of his life,
and now you just give it a shot and being on a great team.
I don't know. Colorado, don't they have a ton of
cap room? I can see them fitting in
there. Yeah, that's a city that keeps
getting brought up. Yeah, they're always brought up
in terms of where Hall could end up,
but I think he wants to be on a really good team.
I think he wants to be surrounded by great players
and
just get a chance to compete for the Stanley Cup
because I think it's been a tough goal for him to be this good for this long
and never really have a chance to make any sort of a run.
One other note, too.
I forgot this last episode.
Gino, Evgeny Malkin, he got surgery on his left elbow after the season.
That might have been why he wasn't particularly great in the postseason
for the Penguins.
Just want to note that.
Also, first-round predictions,
I'm not sure if this is a Twitter feed affiliated with us,
not Grinnelli chick, but stats.
But I guess I'm the leaderboard.
I went five for eight on our first-round predictions.
I was the only one to nail a prediction exactly.
Colorado went five.
You two chuckleheads went three and eight.
So you might have to redeem yourself this round.
Three and eight?
Yeah, that's according to
I've been dog-shitting.
There was 11 series we picked, and we were 3-8?
No, 3 out of 8. I'm sorry, 3 out of 8.
Exactly, exactly.
3 out of 8.
3-5.
3-5. A little different than 3-8.
Another poster.
Oh, I had some notes on my phone here.
I didn't realize Dallas had went 4-0 against the Abs this season, too.
So that's another thing to look at in this matchup.
So we still got the Avs going, but whoo-oo.
I think that the Avs better win game two
or else we could be completely fucked on our prediction
that we had to make pretending that their goalie wasn't injured.
I said they look like they're going to be the cup winner for fuck's sakes.
Imagine getting knocked out in the second round another sandpaper finish for biz
when you coming biz when's your flight i'm leaving tomorrow morning and i went i'm going to go back
to that most career postseason points for the st louis blues defenseman i mentioned uh petrangelo
fuck i probably butchered that again he tied chris pronger. It was 51 points. Al McInnes is
number one with 14 goals,
44 assists for 58 points.
Prongs and
Alex Petrangelo are tied
at 51. Little nugget
for you guys. Stat guy biz.
Taking over.
Is that it?
Is that all we got?
That's it for pucks.
Oh, boys, I was supposed to
Joel Damon, one of the top PGA Tour players,
I think the top 50 player in the world.
He missed the cut at the event, the Northern Trust at TPC Boston
and put out a tweet, hey, looking for a money match.
And he was looking to play Saturday.
I couldn't play.
That was a family day. Sunday, I said, hey, we can go. and i he was looking to play saturday i couldn't play that was a um
family day sunday i said hey we can go and then he wrote me back he's like dude i can't he was like
all right we'll make it work and he said i can't do it i think his wife wanted to see the cape so
i guess these pga tour players they're just like us sometimes their wives don't want them golfing
right so i think at some point i'm gonna get get together with joel damon who okay i've listened
to him a couple podcasts very entertaining entertaining guy. Sick golfer.
So that would have been good.
We can make some content out of that.
It will happen.
But it didn't go down this weekend.
Didn't go down this weekend.
I'm as hard as a rock right now.
Is that trying to go over?
Is it still going on?
It just got  it's over.
DJ's running away with it.
Yeah.
I play at this course all the time.
It's not an easy course.
He's 30 under par.
It's a sick joke.
I saw him hit a drive once at Gosser Ranch.
I've never seen someone coil the way he coiled to hit a golf ball.
Yeah, he's a freak.
Kid in second, Harris English.
I got a fucking 90-1 I had on him.
He's going to finish second.
I'm going to kick it on him this weekend, yeah.
That would have been a nice hit.
Yeah, it would have been a nice one.
Well, folks, I think that we we learned a few
valuable things this episode i think we've got we we learned that you you don't don't send out a
tweet with a a knife in your your client's back ready to go into a second round matchup and women
are not a distraction they're not they're an attraction that's a positive oh yeah they're not women are not
a distraction we need women around they're the i know in my life they're the most important people
so we love women here and we should put them on a pedestal they are an attraction not a distraction
well said biz very well said what a quote by me. A couple of stick taps. Great job, buddy.
Right on, Ray? Would you agree?
Would you agree?
Yeah.
I mean, I've said forever, I mean, I'm not a hockey fan without my mother.
She's the reason I'm a hockey fan.
So, I mean, you know, I'd be beating that same drum.
But, you know.
There's millions of women hockey fans.
They're unreal.
And there's more and more women hockey players.
It's great.
But just when you're talking about some young studs that are all tied up in a bubble,
women will be brought up.
So don't get all
rattled at everything, everyone.
Jesus Christ, relax
a little bit. All right, gang.
Hopefully everybody has a fantastic week.
We'll be back Thursday. Enjoy the playoffs
in the meantime.
Peace. Peace.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and
Chicklets. So a big thanks to everybody at
New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney for taking
care of us. Big thanks to everybody
at Bodyama, keeping everyone hydrated this hot
summer. Big thanks to everybody at
NHTSA for keeping us safe on the roads. Pay
attention on this Labor Day. Don't be foolish.
Big thanks to everybody at DHM
Detox for taking care of us while having a few cocktails.
And big thanks to everyone at Babbel.
If you want to learn a new language, do check them out.
Have a great week, everybody.
On the road again.
Just can't wait to get on the road again.
The life I love is making music with my friends.
I can't wait to get on the road again.
On the road again On the road again
Going places that I've never been
Seeing things that I may never see again
I can't wait to get on the road again
On the road again
