Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 289 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Boston Sports Podcast Network live
from Boston, Massachusetts, specifically my hometown of Charlestown.
Biz is here, Whit Dog's here, Grinnelly's here, our new camera guy Chase is in the house.
Welcome to my town, gentlemen.
Buzzing out of the gate.
Buzzing, plus one. Plus one. You're on
your toes coming out. There's the
laser light show with the fog machine
starting for your
Charlestown bank robbers.
He's
got a busy stick on the blue line.
Slow fleet, but he knows where
to party afterwards.
Get it? Nose? Candy? And let me tell you, Biz, we're sitting here to party afterwards. He was weird. Hey, get it?
Nose, nose, candy.
And let me tell you, Biz, we're sitting here right now.
Yeah, we are.
And I feel like they're at the principal's office with us too.
Ari and Grinnelli just sitting across from us.
So stuff should be broken down.
I've never felt more alive than just you guys being here. We just realized it's been since the outdoor hockey.
What weekend was that?
End of February?
Last week of February.
When we were up in Gravenhurst?
Yes, sir.
Gravenhurst, excuse me.
I don't know which one it is.
Oh, Muskoka.
Okay, Muskoka.
Sorry.
I'm offended.
Over time, you know, we've done Zoom forever,
but it's like we were probably seeing each other
seven, eight times a year.
I was just over it, man.
This is so nice to be back watching hockey.
We're shooting shit.
We're arguing over calls.
I'm dominating business conversations.
You're great on your little facts right now.
He's on a sick streak of just knowing how much guys made.
Shocker.
But yeah, I'm long-winded here.
I had a great day.
I played 36 holes at Essex.
One of the sickest golfers.
Oh, my God.
He always says that.
No, no.
This guy, have you ever been to a chip and putt in your life?
Top three Massachusetts.
No doubt.
Essex, this place is so sick.
So it was a great day, and now I'm back here with you guys.
It's awesome.
How are you enjoying Boston so far, Biz?
It's awesome.
I love it here.
Yeah.
We got a nice little pad here.
Grinnelli did a great job finding a house close to the city.
But, I mean, it's a legit house where they basically took over.
We feel like a family because it's obviously somebody is at their summer home right now
because it's all kiddie pictures.
R.A. tied me down and made me watch The Town twice.
Back to back.
I walked in.
True story.
Everyone listening.
Did this not happen?
I walked in yesterday.
They'd been here two days.
I showed up
the town's on downstairs on netflix so it's just come on dude he's like it just happened to pop on
no chance he tied me down him and his him and his bank robbing buddies i couldn't find the netflix
remote it just popped on our our boy chase here is like he's in the room with ra so there's just
i can't imagine you guys well you said name. Now we got to talk about him.
Chase, a new member of the crew, our videographer.
This is our first trip with him.
He moved from Seattle to NYC to be,
I guess he's going to get in frame now.
He's going to come on mic.
But you moved from Seattle to NYC
nine days after you finally got to the office,
the quarantine happened.
So this has been quite the ride for you.
You've edited all the interviews we released
for the ECHL Player Relief Fund,
so thank you for that.
And here is your first road trip.
Yeah, man, it's been happy to be here.
I kind of played hockey up in Vermont in college,
so I kind of know the New England area,
so it's not my first time to Boston, but...
What is kind of playing hockey?
What is kind to play?
R.A. kind of played street hockey.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I sent you that MVP picture.
No, I'm just saying in general of just coming to New England.
I've been in New England and worked in New England.
So it's been like...
I did 10 years in New England.
And then I moved back to the West Coast.
It was nice to go home and happy to be back on the East Coast.
You worked for the Seahawks, correct?
I did before this. Yep, coming out here okay so great organization great uh they're
all their their social media stuff kills it so expectations are going to be high stepping into
this one buddy yeah it's good we're uh i was you know we have the loudest stadium in the country
you know we're pretty loud and uh i think we have one of the best fans. Are you a Wii guy? Oh, he plays on the team.
Yeah, he's a special teams guy.
All right.
I respect it.
Well, in the front office, it was just a little different.
It was like the first time.
He was Pete Carroll's money guy.
He would run under the table money dollar players, right?
He's a Kraken ticket holder, right?
Yeah, I got a chair for the Kraken, so I'm excited for that to come up.
What were you hoping for the name?
Not the Kraken.
Really?
The Kraken really grew on me.
I like it.
What did you want?
What did you make of Jeff Bezos buying the whole arena,
and now he owns you, kind of?
I just feel like you saw it coming.
It just wasn't a surprise.
What nickname did you want?
I kind of want him to just go with nothing that no one was out of right field.
I didn't really.
You just wanted a random one.
Give us one example of what you would have named the team if you had the opportunity.
You're on the ball, though.
I don't know if he has one.
You're on the clock.
Pressure's on.
Free.
Na, na, na.
I don't know.
I probably would have went saw guys, but i just know that the month oh yeah real
original chase yeah the fan strikes new guy hey what if we fired you right now because of that
answer would you be if we actually did would you be mad or would you be like yeah i buckled under
pressure he's like i didn't have a nickname for my team no i just you know gotta go go go with my gut and that's what i thought they were gonna go
with but you know it's a money grab because it's it's all about the the dot coms now and you know
who owns the rights and the duck you know yeah okay all right the kraken definitely dot com was
definitely open so okay all right chase are behind. The Seattle Sock Guy. Maybe we got something here.
I don't know.
I thought they were going to go with that because it was the safe choice,
and that's what NHL expansion teams usually do.
They take safe nicknames, so it was nice they went with that.
Maybe Chase got fooled by the fishnets in the little pre-advertisement,
and then he was so let down by the fact that it wasn't that he's upset.
That's my only theory on this one.
We can move on.
We'll get to the bottom of it.
Well, we're neck deep in the second round right now.
The Isles, game one, they shut out the Flyers Monday night, 4-0.
Everyone was like, oh, the Islanders are going to roll.
They're going to roll.
Well, of course, game two was today, Wednesday.
Flyers got a 3-0 lead.
They coughed it up.
J.G. Peugeot tied the game up with 2-0-9 left.
Phil Myers ended it 2-41 on OT.
Philly tied up the series.
Boy, Hazy got the ultimate chicklets bump.
He was on the show Monday.
Two goals today.
Biz, what do you got on this one, buddy?
Well, the new worst lead in hockey went from 2-0 to 3-0
because it seems like that's the number now.
But listen, I thought as soon as as i underscore to make it 3-1
i said next goal wins i thought if the islanders were going to score and i said to granelli i said
confirm i said next goal wins and sure as shit they end up fucking tying it late with 209 i
thought that they were going to end it in regulation considering the fact that they just tied it at that point in time vigno challenges it
i completely forgot the rule i'm like okay smart move here you lose the time out big deal
209 remaining at least calm things down but i forgot the new rule if you challenge you get
the two minute minor penalty so not only do you have absolutely no momentum you're against the ropes
you're like fucking rocky against drago here but you just won't go down but then on top of that
you call it and you give up the two minute minor they end up killing the penalty push it to ot
and credit the flyers for for pulling that one through i thought that they were dead to rights
and i thought they were going down to nothing after after that meltdown. It was brutal to watch after they went up 3-0.
They just basically fucking  they just died.
I do want to shout out Kevin Hayes though because at the beginning of that game,
he looked like Wayne Gretzky.
The best one.
I saw the highlights, so I'm watching his goals
and then my other buddy sent me a video of him just he's playing so well and if they i keep
bringing up the other guys in the flyers the main the the the guys they need to contribute most are
these top line players and when you see hazy score and you can think about getting jeru and any of
these guys possibly going they can beat the islanders now it shows today that or it shows
game one they were dominated and now it shows today that even when a lead's there, I would say the Islanders have proven to be the better team through two games, and it's 1-1, right?
So I don't know how they're going to be able to continue to deal with the pressure that the Islanders just force all game, just constantly getting the puck in your end, all over your defense.
It's so hard to get out of your own zone.
It's so hard to create offense.
I think that it's going to be hard for them to do that i i i hate the fact that i believe the islanders are going to win that series even after it being tied up i got them in seven still
i think overall like you said they've been the better team so far and the islanders fans are
they're they're coming at me i calmly text me he's four and up then how's that boring and all
these people boring it was one of them was an empty net goal you went up one nothing you shut it down the 95 devils won
plenty of games four nothing very boring fair point but i will say though barzell though sometimes
him and i've always said that and and and bevillier speak much he he's now also like he's
making plays that you're like all right, this is exciting. But overall,
I'm not alone in thinking.
Mike Kelly, my
buddies, he's showing stat
videos that they're not boring.
I'm watching the game. They're not that exciting.
Good team, but not that
exciting. And don't get mad at me because your team's boring.
Devils is a very fair comparison, and we know
Lou likes to build his teams
a little bit boring.
That's not an insult.
That's not an insult.
I'm just saying it's not a Picasso.
I mean, they find a way to win.
All the credit to them.
It's just find a way to get it done.
What are we looking at here?
We're currently watching for the audience.
Colorado's up 2-1 in Game 3.
Dallas is up 2-0 in the series.
So we got this in the background as we're chatting. Also, we saw something we hadn't 2-1 in Game 3. Dallas is up 2-0 in the series. So we got this in the background.
I was chatting.
Also, we saw something
we hadn't seen in all series
in this one.
Thomas Grice came into the game.
Simeon Valamoff,
first time he got pulled
all season,
all playoffs rather.
He got yanked.
You got to think
they're going to come back on him.
He's been pretty steady.
I mean, Grice had 21 saves.
I'm sorry, 21 shots,
made 20 saves.
He was great
except for the OT goal.
Wasn't really his fault necessarily.
But, yeah, you've got to think of how long I was back in there.
Yeah, that's a perfect example of when a goalie is hot, he's playing great.
If it's one night where everything's going in,
if it's one night where you can just tell he doesn't have it,
get him out, reset.
No worries, man.
Everyone's going to have a bad one at some point.
And I don't even think it was necessarily all on him.
No. That is the most normal pull and he was probably like all right actually i shouldn't say that that's a let's get him the rest and that matters in these types of situations and i'm okay
with that i just went to say though that i think he even could have said oh yeah get me out but i
shouldn't say that because maybe some guys just want to stay in no matter what nonetheless the
coach is like all right let's just get him
out, get him reset, and we'll figure out this
moving forward. He's definitely starting the next game.
The move probably also
lit a fire under the island's ass, too. They were
down three-nil when it happened. They did battle back to
tie it. But either way, moving
right along, another series that kind of
pendulum swing. Vegas, they thrashed
Vancouver five-nutt in game one.
Another one. Everybody always exaggerates what nut in game one another one everybody always
exaggerates what happens after game one revo antoine roussel made for some great entertainment
i mean anytime you ever play a cluck clucking like a chicken and it gets picked up on the audio
that's good stuff uh but the connects they showed up for game two they took it to vegas early end
up winning five two another two two goal game from bo horv, Elias Pedersen, fifth goal, 11th assist.
What are you first on this one?
The wraparound pass, and now I don't think Pedersen was trying to pass it,
but just that play when he comes into the zone, he enters the zone easily,
beats the D-wide, great balance to kind of fight off a check,
and just makes a play that you're like, oh, all right,
Vancouver is playing way different tonight.
I don't think that they let Vegas' speed dictate the entire game.
At the beginning of game one, like everyone said,
and I still think this is going to be very difficult for Vancouver to win the entire series, but the first game you're seeing just overall team speed
dominate, and then Vancouver in the second game said, all right,
well, we're going to at least come at you or more on our toes you could tell right from the jump
um what were we saying about game one that we wanted to get into oh the revo
rusell thing yeah how much does revo just want to punch his head in both very effective i love the
way rusell plays and i know i know revo comes on this podcast all the time, but I think both are, I mean,
I would say probably Roussel might even have a little bit more upside.
I know he's got some pretty good stats with Dallas,
but both very effective in what they do.
I think Roussel finished with seven hits in game one.
Revo might have finished with 11.
So these guys were just throwing the weight around.
I know maybe Vancouver spent a little bit more time in the offensive zone
as far as the later lines, not the third line but the fourth line but yeah i uh i mean i'll defend those types
of players till the end and as far as game two vancouver just took that early lead and to foley
how about that injection into the lineup i believe i said that yes was that me granale who said that
tice uh sorry tyler to fooli was going to make a huge difference.
It was.
And then it can spread out the depth in the second line and the first line.
You've been good with your hot take so far.
So my hot take, that hot take was on.
When you tell me I've never had a correct take, I'll remind you of the time.
I knew Toffoli was going to come back in and make a difference.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for this.
And so another couple stories off the ice we haven't covered.
So after game one of
course leonard addressed the media about the flurry situation and his agent alan walsh tweeting out
the photo kind of funny leonard's like no we saw each other and we both laughed and and you know
leonard said you know he's a passionate agent he said it out and in protection of his client you
know he got his feelings a little bit and that's the end of it so but then you shift to game two and after i believe after game two the storyline was march or so answering
fans on on instagram listen which which that head we've talked about that headline is just
but it's an immediate he's not gonna look here, right? Or does he look hilarious?
I tell you what, I've told fans worse than go suck on your mommy's titties,
I'll tell you that.
I think his lines were phenomenal.
I don't think people gave a fuck because of how much I sucked at hockey,
but I'll tell you what.
We've talked about Canucks Twitter, R.A.,
and you've been on social media quite a long time as far as Twitter is concerned,
and they're probably some of the nastiest fans on social media.
Yes or no?
Fair?
I mean, I think there's idiots in every bunch.
But, yeah, Vancouver seems to be a little extra sensitive sometimes.
So, listen, they're going to his personal Instagram to family photos, chirping about his diving and stuff.
Okay, yeah, it might be a little bit funny.
But, fuck, man. Okay, yeah, it might be a little bit funny. But fuck, man.
Like, not the family photos.
Like, the social media has just gotten too ugly for me.
And there's too much interaction between fans and players now.
In the sense of, like, you can beat them up online.
So one of the insults was go suck on your mama's titties.
He said, shut the fuck up, little dick,
and go suck on your mommy's titties and stop shut the fuck up little dick and go suck on your
mommy's titties and stop wasting my time say it with the french accent i mean that's an outstanding
it's unbelievable you're gonna come at me i guess he ain't he ain't winning the lady bing but i'll
vote him funniest player of the year yeah and that's what's funny is like what what what happened that day or today
when he did this like something pissed him off well they said they said he dove they said he
was diving on no but like he's been getting i'm sure comments like that prior you know maybe not
as often as in the middle of a series but he he he made the decision today all right i'm going to
start going back at these people and for our sake it was great i actually i actually i got paid by him to take over his account for the day so i could just go back
this is what's fucking crazy is like dude what why is this such a big deal i know i know buddy
when people come at me online i tell them like go fuck go fuck yourself yeah why are you talking
about you hate me why are you talking could you imagine a person coming up on the street
street and like chirping me i hope that people like other people being like oh well he's not maintaining a level
of professionalism dude if somebody came up to me on the fucking street and that's how i like
his nice shorts yeah i'd say okay and then like if someone actually came at me with a fair insult
all right would you not be like fuck you back absolutely and and it's great we work for a company where we don't have to worry
about getting shit canned for telling someone to go fuck themselves
if we need to.
And, A, I would say of the three of us,
you're probably the best on it on Twitter.
At what?
Telling people to go fuck themselves.
R.A. has the occasional just.
Oh, I snap.
I do.
I'll stay away, and then someone will just set me off,
and it'll be like four or five in a row.
Like, for example, if I bet a game and it's like two nothing five minutes into the game
and you got these idiots chirping here it's like idiot there's 55 fucking minutes yeah but that's
more probably like that's degenerate but it happens with everything though people people
go back and people's old tweets though you'll find old tweets when someone chirps and be like
was this you two years ago you really gotta you really
gotta get it on my skin for me to do that but it was funny he puts out the the private eye team man
can you search your name and their name or do you have to go back through all the tweets well no if
you like if you know someone wrote something stupid and it's still there you just have to
search we've all wrote the keyword yeah yeah i i mean we've all wrote stupid yeah i i once on
blue moon like i'll get like an old tweet favorite out of the blue.
It'll be like eight years old, and I'll read it.
And I was like, oh, man, I still have my trainer wheels back on then.
Like, shit, I would never tweet out now.
Absolutely.
Yeah, the lines move for sure.
Yeah, absolutely.
Not even like PC shit.
Say absolutely again, guys.
Absolutely.
How many have we been saying absolutely?
I just heard absolutely, absolutely from both of you.
You probably didn't even realize it.
So I just figured we'd chuck in a third for the winner.
Well, there you go.
Either way, Macho Show, what's funny, he answered all of them with either,
like, stop wasting my time.
Don't waste my time.
Stop wasting my time, which is ironic.
Which is fair.
That shouldn't be wasting his time.
He was absolutely wasting his time.
Well, lo and behold.
That was like a sonnet.
He did apologize after making a series of comments.
Oh, sick apology, man.
What the fuck is he apologizing for?
I just want to comment about the remarks.
I'm sorry to all those fuckheads.
Sorry for telling the guy that told me I sucked the fuck off.
I really apologize.
Yeah.
Sorry for calling it like I see it.
No, he said, quote quote i just want to comment
about the remarks that i made on social media yesterday i just want to apologize sincerely i
think it was childish childish immature and not professional i want to say i'm sorry and i won't
have it again i've learned from it i would have been like i didn't even know there was beer in
here until my coach told everybody that's what i got into all right that might be the funniest fucking thing
you've ever said on this talk did you see that well whenever i say something really funny you
say to him i think that's the funniest thing you ever said well i want to remember it i gotta stamp
it my fucking brain wit all right jesus thank you i have tendencies okay it's a crutch thing
i think it's a great thing i think it makes you who you Bill. I have tendencies, okay? It's a crutch thing. I think it's a great thing.
I think it makes you who you are.
We all have tendencies.
Mine's to be just kind of miserable.
Yeah, that might be the dumbest thing you've ever said on this podcast.
One other footnote here.
Robin Lander made 22 saves on 26 shots.
Probably wasn't his best game in the playoffs.
DeBoer has said he's going to use two goalies.
Do we see Marc-Andre Fleury with the sword in his back and all that so this is one go ahead well no i'm
probably going to say the exact same thing you are this is kind of like okay well now there's
kind of a decision to be made he wasn't excellent they're kind of going this two goalie system
i think because there's a day in between you go back to Leonard if it was a back-to-back situation
and it was Leonard again then you're thinking oh my god okay did the did the post play into the
decision because that seemed to be the algorithm or the formula back in round one I don't know
what do you guys think it's it's it's one where you could make an argument to give Fleury a start
especially too if you think now this is getting a little ahead of
ahead of myself but if if if they know we're a better team and they're very very confident
they're going to win that series which i'm sure they are you even think like you have a little
more leeway like i'm not saying you're you would ever believe that starting flurry you might lose
the game and be down to one in the series but you know that that this guy could give us a chance to win and get hot.
And worst case scenario, we go back to Leonard if he doesn't have it.
Do you know what I mean?
And we can still win this game if we're only down 2-1.
Do you know what I mean?
Here's a prime example of why I would never make a good head coach
because this is one aspect of coaching
where you don't want the goalie situation to fuck with you too much.
And you don't want to overthink it.
But in every single situation, I'm overthinking it.
If you were a coach, you wouldn't sleep.
I would be a men.
He'd be walking back and forth.
I'd be flipping a fucking coin in my office
before I had to write it on the goddamn game sheet.
You know, I'd be like, I'd be calling a psychic or some shit.
All right, who do you start next game?
I'd go back Andre.
I mean, if I'm telling people we're using a two-goalie system, Lena, like I said, it wasn psychic or some shit. R.A., who do you start next game? I'd go Marc Andre.
I mean, if I'm telling people we're using a two-goalie system,
Laina, like I said, it wasn't his best game.
I mean, I don't think he can affect his confidence too much.
He's a veteran.
He's been around.
He's buying into the two-goalie thing. And also, he did, by the way, say that him and Flower laughed about it.
They both say they're good friends.
There's no animosity about the sword photo.
So, you know, they said they had a chuckle.
But, yeah, if I'm DeBoer, I'm going to throw Marc-Andre out there, you know.
I think he's earned it with his record.
Okay, so if he throws Leonard back out there, are you going to be like,
oh, interesting?
I won't.
I won't think either way.
Either way is very poor.
I would say if he does throw Leonard out there,
I would tend to think maybe Leonard is more of DeBoer's guy
than more of a two-goalie system, I guess is what I think.
I don't know.
They just lost one game.
Yeah.
It's really hard.
What do they have, two losses in the playoffs?
I believe so.
As I said, I'm not even trying to make this a topic of discussion, but I know as a coach, I'd be in one of those.
Every time there was a goalie controversy, I'd be overthinking it every time.
I can't believe you.
Not you, bitch.
Shut the fuck up.
All right.
Hey, gang.
Labor Day weekend is coming up, and we know some of you are going to be having a few pops
this weekend, but everyone knows about the risks of driving drunk.
You could get in a crash.
People could get hurt or killed.
But let's take a moment to look at some surprising statistics.
Almost 29 people
in the United States die every day in alcohol impaired vehicle crashes. That's one person every
50 minutes. Even though drug driving fatalities have fallen a third in the last three decades,
drunk driving crashes still claim more than 10,000 lives each year. Drunk driving can have a big
impact on your wallet too. You could get arrested and incur huge legal expenses.
You could possibly even lose your job.
So what can you do to prevent drunk driving?
It's easy.
You plan a safe ride home before you start drinking.
You designate a sober driver or call a taxi.
If somebody you know has been drinking,
take their keys and arrange for them to get a sober ride home.
We all know the consequences of driving drunk,
but one thing's for sure,
you're wrong if you think it's not a big deal.
So drive sober or get pulled over.
Check out the website, drive sober.
I'm sorry, hashtag drive sober as far as driving drunk.
Check out ride sober for driving a motorcycle while impaired and check out impaired driving.
If you feel a little different, drive different.
You don't want to drive at all while you're impaired.
Again, Labor Day coming up.
Everybody, be wise, be smart.
Don't be foolish.
The friends at NHTSA are telling you, be wise with that stuff.
We're all tool for that shit.
Uber's bumping now.
Let's go.
Be smart.
Ride share.
We can bleep that out, right, Mikey?
All right.
Well, the next series, man.
Wow.
These things flip on a dime.
The Bruins, they beat Tampa game one, three, two.
Tampa's creeping back in that game.
Like I said, if there were a couple more minutes left,
they might have tied it up.
Game two, Tampa won 4-3 in OT.
We just saw game three today.
Tampa put an absolute thumping on the Bruins to take a 2-1 series lead.
They chased Talak.
They put in Daniel Vodda when it was 4-1.
Made no difference.
Kucherov just lit them up today.
Is Tampa Bay running away with this biz or what?
Well, we talked about that secondary scoring right now for Tampa,
and holy shit.
They came to show up.
They came to play.
Blake Coleman, he's looked at the Superman goal.
How about Bogosian?
You think Bogosian's giving a two-double-barrel FU
to the fucking Buffalo Sabres right now?
Saying, this is how you treated me.
Now I'm fucking Bobby Orr down in Tampa getting my glaze on.
Bobby Orr, Bogosian.
He looked actually so frigging confident with the puck flying through the neutral zone,
making that great play.
And Coleman has a knack for scoring, like, just highlight real goals.
Yeah, Superman goals. Yeah. Oh oh is that the cape on him now
yeah they got the cape on okay Superman goals I'll go
with that one he's just
made it him and him and Goudreau
they both have made a difference we
said that was kind of like what really
has changed with this team I think
and
tonight's game game three was
just utter domination.
I mean, that was the biggest shit.
I was having PTSD about the fucking Coyotes getting bent.
I actually don't think it was that bad.
Okay.
They had a little chance.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Move on.
No, no, no.
We'll move on.
Lay off the oats.
So you win that first game pretty easily as the Bruins did or everyone wouldn't say easily
but they get the job done then he changes the lineup well Corrales gets hurt that's a huge
injury because Corrales is like a top five fourth liner in the league I feel like that guy is just
an absolute he's a motor he helped set up the tying goal that went into overtime.
Oh, his play, yeah.
He made a sick save on his stomach to get it back to the point, I believe.
And then he ends up making the one-touch pass over to Marchand.
Also, watch out for this Marchand play.
Krug goes to him back door with like a shot pass,
and he has it hit his feet and go in.
You know what it's like?
What?
You ever play keepsies marbles?
No.
And you did like the birdie flyaways or whatever you call it?
It's keepsies marbles.
What was it called?
Yeah.
You play keepsies for keeps.
Oh.
And you get to set your feet up around the thing where you can, you know.
No, I never did that.
I played sports.
You know what I'm talking about, Grinnell?
I know what you're talking about, playing for keepsies.
I didn't know that exact move you were talking about.
But birdie flyaways or something they're called.
I just know birds in the bush never went well for me.
Anyway, he basically traps the puck off the side of the net and directs it in.
He's got his blade and then his two skate blades opened up,
and he traps it into the net, right?
He easily is  he brings his stick in.
He'll even choke down, and he'll know, all right, well, if it doesn't hit my stick,
my feet are going to be right there at 10.
It's funny.
Today, you said what I thought was the replay of the other night.
We said Tampa's deeper.
That's why we thought they were going to move on.
There's times in the series I thought Boston looked great,
but they're going to need their first line.
If their first line doesn't go, it's tough.
I don't know how long Corrales is out for,
but he changes that whole fourth line and what they bring,
how many minutes they can play.
So it's a series we're also goaltending now.
Well, that's what I was going to say, goaltending again.
I would have started.
Vladner.
Vladar.
Vladar?
Vladar.
Vladar.
Vladar.
The Vladinator.
Vladar. Darth Vladar. I thought? Vladar. Vladar. Vladar. The Vladinator. Vladar.
Darth Vladar.
I thought they should have started him.
I think given that lineup, like a young injection where all of a sudden they got to be a little bit more aware, tighten things up defensively.
They don't play as loose as they maybe do with Halak in front of them.
And, you know, let's get this kid a win in his first start.
It just kind of gives a little bit of a morale boost in the locker room now they didn't want to go with him
and then you throw him in kind of into the fire and all of a sudden he gets lit up so who do you
go back with do you go back with the young guy where his confidence was stripped from him as
opposed to in that situation there i think you keep palak in the hallway and then give the young guy a fresh start
you throw him in that situation now it's almost you got to go back with halak i just goes back
to the overthinking where i'm like yeah but how many did you get scored on three three but i yeah
and i i think that a couple of them he couldn't have done anything i know he couldn't have but
that i don't know what the fuck's going on in his head. Yeah, well, we just have to mention, I think that they should start him because you don't want to...
You can easily be like, all right, kid, that wasn't legit.
You didn't get to go into the game knowing you were starting.
I don't think his confidence is shot by what happened.
Because in his head, I would think as a goalie,
all right, well, I wasn't ready pregame.
It's just a totally different game.
We're going to find out where he's at mentally next game.
Halak actually gave up four of the goals,
and I think he basically got his rest because they pulled him halfway
through the game.
So I would expect to see him next game.
But, yeah, I understand you want to give him maybe a little bit of rest
to stop the kid, but this kid has never played an NHL game before.
That's a pretty tough fight to throw a kid into.
I like when coaches do it sometimes, but I don't know. This kid has never played an NHL game before. That's a pretty tough fight to throw a kid into.
I like when coaches do it sometimes, but I don't know. The reason I say that is because I don't think Halak's been particularly good.
I think he's been very average.
He's a glove, man.
He can't just shoot a glove.
It goes in.
You're in a back-to-back situation.
That's the time to do it right there.
You get the fresh legs in net.
If you deserve to win the game most of the time if
you have a competent guy between the pipes where you look at his numbers in providence he's no
schlub right i think you said he was a below two two goals against average he's a 177 wasn't he
very good numbers uh they were well sub two ga and like i think a 934 sps very good numbers yeah
so i think in a back-to-back situation where everybody's a little bit more fatigued,
you get the upper hand in the energy department.
Let's see what this guy can do.
That's my opinion on it, but I'm the goalie overthinker whisperer.
That's what you want to call me.
Should I put it on a T-shirt?
Yeah, fucking why not?
Put no spit, no lube, sandpaper finish because of my fucking yotes getting bent over.
Not a first rounder, not a second rounder, not a third rounder in this upcoming draft,
and not a first and third in the next year.
All right.
We're going to save that for later.
All right.
I'm sorry.
I'm getting it out.
That's all right.
I'm going to be fucking.
First Bruins goalie to ever make his, what did I say it was?
His debut in the playoffs.
His debut in the playoffs.
I was shocked.
Yeah, I said to R.A., you know, it's the first Bruins goalie to make his debut in the playoffs. I was shocked. I said to R.A., you know, it's the first Bruins goalie to make his debut in the playoffs.
And he goes, no, no, that wouldn't be the case.
He thought I was asking him.
I'm like, no, no, no, it's up on the TV.
I never would have guessed it.
I was with you.
I never would have thought that.
Doug Teens or Gil Gilberto, one of those guys from the  Pat Riggins.
I don't know.
You don't know Pat Riggins.
Braden Point, I think, is the best player on the Tampa Bay Lightning
Kucherov tonight 1-3
but Point
his ability on that breakaway
it's like
he is so low to the ground
and so fast that I think it makes it easier
for him to just cut back on a dime
the assist tonight
oh my god the between his legs
yeah he just dominates and
then kucherov as well as when those guys are going and biz you said in the middle of the game that
they they're doing this without stammer it's just i feel so brutal for him that he's not in
experience hopefully he gets back in there but uh this team's no joke it's no joke i don't know i
don't know what the deal is on
stammer i'm hearing it's no i'm seeing they're hearing there's maybe an opportunity if if they
went to the finals uh it sucks um this guy if you know for what he's given to the game and what he's
put into it and how much he's put into that organization it just seems like every important
moment of you know of his career,
he just happens to be injured.
And it's like he's got the worst luck.
And I hope if they are able to get to the finals, he's able to play.
I do.
That'd be a nice jolt.
Oh, fuck.
Imagine that jolt in the locker room.
Imagine the goosebumps on the boys for that one.
So it sucks for now, but I think the way they look, fuck. bees are in trouble that secondary scoring we keep talking about it yanny gourd fuck the list goes on palat
he's the one who had the ot winner maroon banging away they got a lot of good pieces so yeah they're
looking good that's where i thought the series would swing and it is right now and like i said
vasilevsky was the other one he's been outstanding he's been just steady the whole playoffs but going back to kucherov four goals 10 assists 14 points
in just 11 games braden point five goals seven assists in 10 games those two are lighting it up
so yeah he's got their work cut out for him no doubt about it you know you forget the season
kucherov had just because this year and what mcd and then Dreitzadl with McDavid out and, you know, you got McKinnon and, you know
what I mean?
Like he kind of, he wasn't brought up and Tampa had their struggles.
You didn't hear about him just because of what had happened the year prior.
And he's making everyone remember that he was the most dominant player in
the year, just dominant player in the league just two years ago.
And I just love the fact that he is a miserable prick.
Plays with the chips.
He's just, he's always in the middle of something.
He's being smart about it this playoff because if you go back to last one.
He's a temper.
He'll have taken a game against Columbus.
I think he was suspended for either game three or four.
Yep.
But he's got a bit of a hot side, but he's been keeping under wraps.
I think he drew one or two penalties in game three.
But he gets going from it.
He doesn't shy away.
It's like a little bit of a mental game to him.
He's fucking like Jason Bourne out there.
Well, gang, if you're going to be staying up for the late game like all of us,
you want to make sure you're properly fed.
And this week you can get 20 offimmy john's order of 10 or more just use the promo code biz20 at jimmyjohns.com or with the jimmy johns app through
september 6th see restrictions at jimmyjohns.com grinnelly what's up buddy i mean what a week for
chiclets gaming what a week for jimmy johns they now have not only me as a sponsored gamer they
now have biz i've been trying the gaming thing
out, boys. It's fucking tough, I'll tell you that.
It looks just impossible.
I think the remotes are too small.
You can do that, though.
Why don't you have him do that?
He's got to learn.
He's learning, but shout out to Jimmy
John's promo code Biz20.
20 off your order all week.
Check me in the underground yes
it's what is it dr doctor biz respect hilarious well you must order online or with the jimmy
johns app you can order for contactless delivery or pickup with 20 off an order of 10 or more you
can get a couple sandwiches chips drinks 20 mustard packets for biz you can get a couple sandwiches, chips, drinks, 20 mustard packets for biz.
You can get four sandwiches and four drinks, a giant gargantuan, a dozen cookies.
Basically, you get combos for days. Of course, Jimmy John's sandwiches are freaky fast and freshly fresh.
You get fresh-cut veggies, meats that are hand-sliced daily, fresh bread baked all day,
Dijon or Jimmy mustard put on your sandwich, And yellow mustard available in packets for our buddy Biz.
Once again, the promo code Biz20 at JimmyJohns.com
or with the Jimmy Johns app through September 26th of 2020.
See restrictions at JimmyJohns.com.
All right.
Crushed.
Fucking Jimmy Johns.
On take two.
All right, boys.
The other series, we're actually watching game three right now,
but the Stars went up two games to none.
They beat up on the Avalanche 5-2 again Monday night after the 5-3 beating.
Essel and Dell, that goal biz, I know you want to talk about that.
We'll get to that in a second.
But Dallas losing 3-1 right now.
I don't know.
Let's go to you, Whit.
We got a take on this series. What are you liking right now i don't know let's go to you what we got to take
on this series what are you liking right now i said downstairs that it's a dallas is heavier
and we kind of have to get screwed over here recording we've actually gotten screwed both
ways because we had to pick our colorado after they they lost their goalie and you know what
i mean we maybe would have just changed that but we were honest and then now as i was talking up
dallas and how they just look heavier
and just hold on to the puck longer and make life difficult,
they're losing 3-1.
It could be 4-1.
Oh, no, it didn't go in.
So Colorado winning this game, I'm not surprised by it,
but it also looks like they've kind of found a different level.
And before, it was just one line going, even one guy.
And they've had just way more from everyone right off the bat.
It was the same way that Vancouver came out in Game 2.
Colorado came out in Game 3.
At least since we missed the first five minutes.
But they've been holding on to it ever since easily.
Drawing power plays makes a huge difference, Biz.
I know you didn't get out on the ice for the power plays unless it was the coast and you're-time all-star i'm going back to the lindell goal now i don't have a problem
with them no no i don't have a problem with them calling it a goal because we eventually got the
angle from if you're if you're looking into the zone the right side of the blue line basically
that angle all the way to the far post and finally we got that angle and it showed that lindell made a crack at
it the pad backed up and i would say 90 99.9 of people would say yes that was a fucking goal
definitely crossed the line now the argument lies did he push the pad in my whole problem with the
whole situation is the fact that and once again I sometimes fumble the rules a little bit,
the ref that had called it a goal on the ice.
Now,
if anyone's seen the video of the way he rounds the net,
there's not a chicken Dick's chance that he saw that fucking puck go in.
There's no way he can't see through his body.
And then on top of that,
we got that exact angle.
So there's no way it could have been seen.
You couldn't even see it from behind the net finally.
And I saw it on Twitter. I didn't see it on the nbc feed so people might correct me if i'm wrong but i didn't see that angle so i'm saying not only this guy not see it but he called it a
goal but now they can't get any type of evidence that it it didn't in fact go in so you'd have to
like in order to reverse it so finally someone showed me that angle.
It was a good goal.
Some people were arguing that that still in fact wasn't conclusive,
but ultimately a very important time in the game.
And the fact that the ref called it a goal on the ice.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
Cause there's no way he could have seen the puck go in.
That's the problem,
right?
So there needs to maybe be a rule change where it could be completely reversible
within the fact that they can't prove that it went in the net.
No?
Am I crazy here?
No.
No, I mean, you are for a different reason, but not for this one.
There you go.
So if you think, if it was called no goal, if it wasn't called goal on the ice,
you think it would have stayed on?
So in the midst of everything, while watching the NBC feed feed i couldn't get that angle until finally on twitter after they'd already called
it a goal and they and they ruled that that was the original call on the ice but i they they said
they said that it withheld but i hadn't seen the other angle so i'm like well fucking the ref didn't
see that puck go in and i haven't seen an angle in which we've seen it go in that's ridiculous that
he called it a goal and now Avalanche are going to get fucked
because now instead of it being 3-2, it's 4-2.
But Lindell was truthful.
We saw the angle.
It's over with.
But it leaves questions on the internet of people being like,
well, what's going to be the eventual rule change?
I know.
Because the ref's instinct was to call it a goal off Lindell's reaction
because he clearly didn't see that fucking puck go in the net.
I just think it's
What made him  what caused him to do that?
Lindell's reaction.
The sheer joy of scoring a big playoff goal.
Well, right.
But now because he made that call, and though he shouldn't have,
it should be up to video review to reverse it.
So why
Completely, regardless of the original call on the ice.
So I think that a ref,
it just doesn't make sense to me
to ever call a goal
unless you're 100 sure you saw the thing go in.
You're going to get it done on replay anyway,
so what's the point on a play like that
making a decision where it's,
I don't necessarily know,
it's too close for me to call.
So RA, overall, the point I'm making is
if we're
going to implement video replay on goals it shouldn't be based off the original call on
the ice it should be strictly based off video did it cross the line or not can you prove it
because in that case he called a goal and if they wouldn't have ended up having that angle which
they finally did they wouldn't have been able to prove it. So people could think, oh, this is ridiculous that we're even talking about this.
But people online were genuinely like, well, fuck, it's a goal
because it was originally called that on the ice,
and that still isn't an angle where you can prove.
And the argument lies, well, did he push his fucking pad in the net?
And did he have that angle in order to even challenge at the begin with?
I can't think
of replay and not jump back we just forgot to mention the bruins lightning that change up right
that was off sides yeah well that's going back on it too yeah but you can totally understand
understand the argument on that side too where it's like that didn't have anything to do with
the play it's just it just makes it so tough when you have certain reviews and certain replays.
It drives me nuts sometimes.
Maybe it is overall better for the game, but some of these things that you see
and end up having to deal with the consequence of it looking so easy when it's slow motion.
50 of people who listen to this podcast would say it's ridiculous
that you could even review the fact that Coleman,
was it on the Coleman goal?
Yeah, no, I don't think point was out
and Goudreau was in.
Our point wasn't out
and it was literally by a toenail.
Nowhere near the puck.
Nowhere near the puck
and it's just like,
oh, well, it wasn't offside
and the people are like,
this is fucking ridiculous
that we're slowing up the game
for this kind of stuff
where it was completely irrelevant. I just thought of that because we were talking review. I know it was't offside. People were like, this is fucking ridiculous that we're slowing up the game for this kind of stuff. Where it was completely irrelevant.
I just thought of that because we were talking.
I know it was a little different.
We've rambled on enough.
We're rambling.
We're rambling.
Either way, huge game for Colorado tonight.
They need this one to get right back in the series.
Nathan McKinnon's got one assist thus far.
His 19 points lead the postseason.
I mean, he's just a treat every night.
I know we stroke Nate off all the time.
He's our boy.
Enough for Nate right now.
Enough for Nate. But we can't stroke him off enough the time. He's our boy. Enough for Nate right now. Enough for Nate.
But we can't stroke him off enough.
Grubauer's still out.
No Eric Johnson.
He got replaced by Kevin Connaughton.
Obviously a drop off there.
But Colorado, they're getting it done right now.
So hopefully they'll make a series out of it.
Actually, we haven't mentioned our guest yet.
We're not bringing him on right quite yet.
But we have son of rock and roll royalty who went on to become metal royalty himself,
Jay Weinberg.
He's the son of Max Weinberg, of course, the drummer of the E Street Band
with Bruce Springsteen.
We talked to him a little while, actually just about a week or two ago.
Huge hockey fan.
Huge hockey fan.
He's got some unreal stuff.
Again, we'll be getting to him in a little bit.
Just want to mention that first.
I've got a couple of news and notes to get to.
Defenseman Mike Green retired after 15 NHL seasons.
He broke in with the Caps, spent a decade in D.C.
before he signed with Detroit as a free agent.
He actually ended his last two games of his career with Edmonton
after a deadline deal, and then he did opt out.
He didn't want to go to the bubble.
150 goals, 351 assists in 880 games.
Also became somewhat of a fashion legend, Biz,
when he wrote his V vespa in his slippers
to his practice and on the hbo show 24 7 remember the road to the winter classic he was he became
32 goals one year didn't he and he did so with the i want to see the eastern stealths
and that was the year where they i think they won the president's trophy they were like far and above
the best team in the league and he like i said he had 32 goals and then they were in the midst
of playoffs and i want to say in the second round he ran out of eastern stealths it completely
fucked him up i remember that play with the new sticks and we constantly talk about these new
players that they always adapt to the new one coming out. Don't get too wrapped up in the same twig.
Because some of these guys, they'll buy 200, 300 of them,
and next thing you know, you're running out four years down the road,
and you can't get it off the same.
And I remember that that happened to him.
But overall, an unreal career.
I played under-18 with him in Yaroslav, Russia,
and he helped us win a gold medal.
And yeah, just congratulations on a great 15 years. So I think I've said before, 05, 06,
I started the year in the minors, got called up, played the rest of the year in Pittsburgh,
my rookie year. You know, we didn't make the playoffs. We were terrible. So they sent a bunch of us down for the playoffs One beat Bridgeport in game 7
It's one of those when you're in the NHL
You're like do I want to win this game
I scored in game 7
I guess I really did want to win deep down
So I
Figured we're on to the second round
We had a good team
We met Hershey
That was Green's rookie year pro
I was like who is this guy?
He was floating around out there.
And don't forget, Mike Green threw enormous hits.
He would kill guys in the middle of the ice sometimes.
Cronwall.
There was a couple years.
He was the number one offensive defenseman
that was just quarterbacking the power play.
He had this sick wrist shot.
Now, maybe part of it was the stealths, but great career.
Congratulations.
15 years.
A lot of dough.
A lot of dough.
Let's check out that career earnings, Mikey.
Well, let me guess.
Let me guess.
I've been buzzing.
These are the things he's been crushing.
You can't try to do the math in your head.
I'm getting a headache watching you try to do that.
50 million.
I was going to say 65.
60?
67, boys.
Oh, my God.
Oh, thank you.
Jesus Christ, Greener.
He's already got the TV teeth on him, too.
He's got the movie jibs already.
Yeah, he's a stallion.
I think he's all tatted up, isn't he?
Yeah, he's got the nice tats.
He looks like he's going to be in a motorcycle riding magazine or something it looks so bad with tats he's a big vest oh yeah
i think he's upgraded since that was hilarious yeah this fucking slip is on like he just rolled
out of bed went to practice on a vessel he's on like the highway so probably not recommended
all right gang spitting chiclets is brought to you tonight by the great tasting bud light salsa
we got a fridge full of this stuff it's absolutely delicious i've been pounding the strawberry for All right, gang. Spitting Chiclets is brought to you tonight by the great tasting Bud Light Salsa.
We got a fridge full of this stuff.
It's absolutely delicious.
I've been pounding the strawberry for the last few days.
We're here in Boston pottying for a few days.
Biz, you've been slugging a few of these back.
I've been crushing Bud Light Salsas and Pink Whitney's.
They call them the Fizz Nasties.
I will say up until this point, I'm really enjoying the mango.
The mango has just hit me right. The black cherry is what i kept hearing about but i don't know i got i got fucked up taste
buds i guess it's the only fruit ra's had in a month is the strawberry bud light tilt
no i i'm a big fruit guy believe it or not but anyways they got great flavors mango black cherry
lemon lime strawberry all at 100 calories and 5 alcohol by volume.
Drink it alone or mix it up with the Pink Whitney,
like Biz said, for a little...
Biz Nasty.
Biz Nasty.
You can get it delivered all playoffs long
by heading over to BudLight.com slash delivery.
We're actually higher over at BudLight Salsa.
We're looking for our own version of Chicklets memes.
A Canadian genius.
You can't reinvent memes
by it that's that's seriously that's slander good luck uh again we're looking for our own
version of chases on waivers if you want them but by hiring our first ever chief meme officer
head over to bud light's instagram account to find out more at bud light so check that stuff out
we're just kidding chaser that's what we do when we want
a guy to feel welcome. That's what we do when we like you. We bust your
balls. Yeah. Just don't go to
HR. Everyone wants a guy that nobody's talking to.
Yeah, exactly. We got
a Vladimir Tarasenko update.
According to GM Doug Armstrong, he
said, quote, he's going to go back
and have more surgery next week.
It's serious in the sense that he won't be with us
and be reevaluated after five months after the day of the surgery.
Our pal Andy Strickland chimed in on Twitter.
I would anticipate Vlad Tarasenko getting multiple opinions
on his shoulder before undergoing a third surgery.
With the season start date in question, he only may miss a month or two.
So, you know, he's going to get another opinion, according to my buddy Strickland.
That sucks, though.
That was a tough loss.
As a guy who's been through a lot of surgeries, you come out of surgery and you're so nervous and you're so hopeful that everything will get back to normal and you'll be completely fine again.
And most of the time it will.
But there's always that sense of doubt.
And most of the time it will, but there's always that sense of doubt.
To come back and then need to go back in again like it didn't work,
that is so mentally painful and hard to deal with and scary.
Because, all right, now we're thinking that what happens if this one doesn't work?
And it's just natural thought process where you put in all this work and then you realize, oh god that whole thing was for nothing because it's still fucked up so maybe he did need both things that
are going on and you just would have thought though if it was something that they would have
seen it when they were in there right that happens and it's well and and on to boot like you're you're
going through five months of recovery right and then now you got to go back into that and you
talked about the mental grind of going to rehab all the time and the mental grind that that can have on some guys
who have never experienced that like you just don't know right so um and let's just hope his
shoulder gets better and and i mean his shot is that's yeah that's what makes him so special i
think he could just have wrists like he just risked it like that popeyes yeah we need the shoulder
from the truck people yeah well let's hope he gets better that's such a big piece to that team and
it was obviously they missed him come playoff time for at least a portion of it no doubt uh
also it's been confirmed claude julian will be back behind the canadians bench next season
of course he had heart surgery or a heart attack i'm not sure how exactly they classified it he
did have a stent put in.
We just, you know, I think we said it before.
I just want to send Claude the best.
I love the guy.
He was great here in Boston.
I know a lot of Boston fans love him.
He's been great in Montreal.
And, you know, we always talk about everyone's health comes first.
And, you know, the guy had a situation.
He had to leave the bubble. And, you know, your heart, it's 40 years ago,
there was a heart problem.
The whole family would shit their pants.
Now the heart medicine is so, the technology has been unreal. So things aren't, you know, as nervous as they might have been years ago, there was a heart problem. The whole family would shit their pants. Now the heart medicine is so  the technology has been unreal.
So things aren't as nervous as they might have been years ago.
So it's nice to hear he's doing well though.
Well, yeah, and I think it's fair to mention the fact of the amount of like
and I'm not saying this is  you can attribute all of it to this,
but the amount of pressure that these NHL coaches are under all the time
with like  there's so many things you have to worry about you
have to worry about all your players you know what goal you're gonna start what goal you're gonna
start but just like you know like there's a lot of media pressure in order to perform especially
for him in montreal so take the take all the time you need your health's important and and fuck like
like i said sometimes like you don't know how many hours these guys are at the rink.
They're watching video nonstop.
They're traveling the way they are and everything they have to deal with. So hopefully he gets better soon and get back to doing what he loves.
Yeah, Claude's one of the good ones, too.
Not that I was a daily beat guy, but when I was style with Bastl, he's a guy who just treats everyone with respect.
I know that some goofballs in this town gave him shit, but just a great
guy. I think everybody who works with him
or works around him likes Floyd. He's just a genuinely
good person, so we want to wish him the best.
Detroit, they re-up
forward Robbie Fabry. Two-year,
5.9 million deal.
Just under 3 million average annual
value cap hit.
We talk about injuries.
Everyone knows about his ACL history,
and now he's making some money, which he deserves.
And I think when he got to Detroit,
he got to play a bigger role than in St. Louis.
You know, they were so deep,
he never really got to experience first, second line minutes.
He did in Detroit.
He played awesome, deserves the money.
And I think a guy like that, that's a great spot
where I don't think that team is going to be very good for a little while and so maybe he's not a first liner on a stanley cup winning team
but he gets to you know grow maybe turn into one but in detroit grow with a team that's going to
be young and maybe hopefully just stick it out there you know it gets a two-year deal continues
to play well maybe has a great year next year they re-up him that summer you never know how
the how it's a good contract but he's just. It's a good contract. But he's just a very  it's a good contract.
And if you're happy for anyone, they get a deal.
I feel like he comes up every 50 episodes
where we talk about that first experience we had him
at St. Louis Blues Camp.
Yeah, when he was stud.
Yeah, he was just making plays out there.
And you're like, wow, this guy is like
this guy might be up for the Calder.
Yes.
And just injury plagued. And now he's in a spot where like you said he's going to be
in a top six role and maybe that team's not going to be the best for you know the next couple years
given the fact they have to rebuild but he's going to get those reps and we're going to find out
exactly if he can get to that level of what we expected when we saw him in st louis now that he's
going to get the opportunity playing top
six minutes in the NHL with the fucking Detroit Red Wings so go get it buddy you were you were
a stud when you came in we also had a deal since last episode the Penguins acquired forwards
Casperi Kapanen and Pontus Haberg and defenseman Jesper Lindgren from the Leafs in exchange for
Evan Rodriguez David Wosowski Philippeander, and the 2021st round pick.
Kapanen and the pick are obviously the big components of the deal in this biz.
I know you had some input on this.
I mean, Kapanen hasn't proven that he can play top six all the time.
Like, he's still got a lot to prove, and everybody always uses the whole term
like, oh, well, you know, look at how many players you can just throw with Sid and all of a sudden they're good.
And it's just like, well, I mean, Zucker was a player beforehand.
Everybody seems to use Gensel as an example, which is a fair one.
He really excelled when he played with Sid, but he's proven he can do it time and time again.
Whereas, you know, when you look at Kapanen, his time in the top six in Toronto,
he hasn't produced.
He hasn't proven that he can sustain
more than a 3-4 game period.
I don't know if it's the mind frame.
I don't know if he needs to change the scenery,
but to me right now, he's a solid third liner
who doesn't necessarily have the best intangibles,
so it's... Side speed. I think they're hoping for a major upswing
when they get him over in Pittsburgh.
And I think right now at this point, given what we've seen from Kapanen,
I like this trade for the Leafs.
I think it's a good move from Dubas.
And it's interesting to see if...
Freeing up some dough for maybe a certain St. Louis Blues defenseman.
I don't know.
That's the rumor right now, but...
That's the rumor mill?
It would be a good signing.
Well, you can't say that until you see the money on it.
But talk about a guy that the Toronto Maple Leafs could use.
Sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
We'll see.
There's a lot of funny memes about it out there.
I know I retweeted a few of them.
You fucking love memes.
But what else were we talking about there quickly?
Oh, Kapanen.
Now, what do you think about him?
I think that there's times he looks like he could be a world beater
and he could play on the top two lines and then it never lasts.
No.
And there's games he has a couple goals or he'll score a goal.
You're like, what?
I don't think
But there's a  there's not a million.
There's a lot of guys in the league who have moments of brilliance
and they're just  that's what makes the great so great,
the consistency and doing it all the time.
And some guys have it for 25 games and the rest of the way,
it's not always there.
It's just  it's such a deal breaker in terms of what you're going to get.
Like if you think that guy could play with sid i mean kunitz went and he had you ever heard of him he
he had 60 he had 60 points one year in anaheim it wasn't like he wasn't he didn't come over and
yeah i didn't make him you know so yeah there's some younger guys and that have played with sid
but they go on and you can tell these guys are legit players so it's not just like sid can
make this guy
an amazing 30 goal score.
He'll make it easier for him to have him, but he's got to
be able to play the game a certain way
and we haven't really seen if he can consistently do it.
That was the other example.
What was he making?
What are they freeing up there?
Only 3.2 million for the next two years,
so you need a lot more to make a big signing.
But it's a piece.
No, it's a piece. No.
Yeah, it's a start, no doubt about it.
Start moving some dough.
He did have 20 goals last season, so, you know,
I mean, playing with a guy like Geno or Sid,
he's going to go up to 30, like you said.
So, Biz, I know you want to mention the NBC coverage and lack of replays.
Like, you know, we were watching the Bruins game earlier.
There was a big hit on Killorn just inside the blue line.
McAvoy thumped Alex Cologne
and we never got a replay. That was just
one thing you want to bitch about. I don't know if
it wasn't they couldn't get that particular one
because then I talked about the replay on that
goal from that angle that they seem to get
on the Canadian feed. Now, once
again, I may have missed it on the NBC
feed, but I kept watching for all these different
replays and I don't think I saw it.
So, I don't know i saw it so i don't
know if they've been missing some shit and they're just not getting the proper angles and when
anything physical happens they're being asked not to reshow it but it's just like holy shit man like
i'm not saying i need a lot of violence but if there's a big fucking hit in the playoffs
show me the big fucking hit yeah that's enough out of the game you know it's a fair complaint
the canadian feed is so much better.
And it's not to rip on NBC, but
if in fact they're holding
the quote-unquote violence of the big hits back,
well, fuck off.
Show me the hit. What is the other explanation?
Well, somebody's not on the gun.
The booth missed it. The truck missed it.
It was an enormous hit right
in the middle of the play.
And you don't even see it again.
I don't know why.
How do you miss that?
The only way you would miss that is if the person doing that job doesn't know anything about hockey.
Could that be the case?
Maybe too many distractions in the bubble.
Wow.
Man, you'd think it would be like they'd kind of want the people to understand the game a little bit.
The ones deciding what replays we get to see.
No?
Is that a crazy ask? NBC cycles a lot
though. They'll take people from the Olympics and
put them in the hockey. That's how they do
their thing. At NBC, it's very
moving pieces. Imagine if I was
the guy that they hire
me to do the replays for the Tour de France.
I don't know anything. They're like,
did you get him passing him? I'm like, no, dude.
I didn't know that was... Did you get the fan running beside him whipping out his cock? No, I just was like, I got the crash. I got're like, did you get him passing him? I'm like, no, dude. I didn't know that was. Did you get the fan running beside him, whipping out his cock?
No, I just went, I got the crash.
I got the crash.
Did you get him butt-chugging the wine beside him on the side of the track?
No, you didn't?
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay.
It's a French red.
Yeah.
Oh, that's all I got.
Anal chugs.
All right.
Hey, Biz, most guys have.
Did you get the reverse 69 right by the hard loop there?
You see her, Bush?
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, my God.
She's back in the 70s.
Oh, my goodness.
Great ad.
He's low-pitched.
Hell of a transit.
Fortunately, it's for Roman Swipes.
Oh, they sent some to my place.
I was going to use some before I left with my old lady, but no.
Yeah, I'm going to take the fifth on that.
She went with the two-minute thumping.
She's like, just give me that 90 seconds.
Give me those 90 seconds, you uncovered wagon.
Quick sprint here.
Get the cover off that wagon for 90 seconds.
It's like the Peloton.
Quick climb here.
90 seconds.
All right, we're done.
Quick sprint.
Well, most guys have tried different ways to last longer.
Thinking about best
pictures or best oscar winners doesn't always work so i heard well the folks at roman and online men's
health company are changing the game with roman swipes the secret to longer lasting sex roman
swipes a clinically proven way to last longer in bed they're effective easy to use and fast acting
and they do not require a prescription.
Roman can ship swipes to you in a discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to good to good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
You get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
I want to keep your partner happy, right, Biz?
Try them.
At least try it.
I need to put it on my fucking jaw because after I last 90 seconds, it's like I got to get the tongue to work.
Rum, rum, rum.
Rum, rum, rum, rum, rum.
Right under the jaw here. Right in the back of the ear hey that's what you take that's
you take the the theragun too yeah hey no free ads
what are you doing paul
oh my salivary glands oh my goodness we're getting off the rails what do you say we
send it over to our pal Jay Weinberg?
He was awesome.
We haven't even gone to the interview yet?
No, he was awesome.
How fucking long have we been going?
We're fucking live, Whit.
It's been a while, man.
It's fucking one in the morning.
I played 36 holes today.
Let's go to Weinberg.
We haven't even gone to the golf talk yet.
Oh, my goodness.
All right.
We're going to send it over to Jay Weinberg right now.
Enjoy.
Well, our next guest has played in front of giant sold-out venues while wearing a mask,
and he's played some goalie in his day, but just not at the same time.
He's a big hockey guy who likes to thrash around in his drum kit while working his day job for the band Slipknot.
It's a pleasure to welcome out to the show our very first heavy metal drummer, Jay Weinberg.
Thanks for joining us, Jay.
All right. Thanks for having me.
So are you in Nashville right now? I know you moved down there, didn't you?
I am.
Yeah, I've been here for about five years.
I grew up in New Jersey and I moved down here, you know, kind of like from one hockey loving
place to another.
And yeah, but I've been down here for about five years.
That's what I wanted to ask.
I know you were a Devils fan as a kid.
You used to have season tickets.
Now you live in Nashville.
It's hard not to get sucked into that whole Smashville thing.
I know I've seen you with a Predators jersey on.
So you a sports bigamist now?
Who are you rooting for?
What's going on lately?
Yeah, well, I wasn't expecting to get wrapped up in kind of the Preds mania.
It really happened.
I mean, I kind of moved down here right at the perfect time, I suppose,
to become a Preds fan.
And also, I mean, really getting into hockey at the time, I suppose, to become a Preds fan.
And also, I mean, really getting into hockey at the time that I did,
being a Devils fan, like I've kind of lucked out in some ways,
you know, being a fan of these teams.
But coming down here in like 2015 or so, you know,
the team was really just starting to pop off. And all of a sudden, it just, they started to become this contender.
And it was really exciting to watch.
I didn't really know much about the Predators at all.
I had stopped playing hockey back when I was in high school.
We can get into all that.
But I kind of like, I was at this juncture where I was paying,
it was either kind of, you know, be half-assed at hockey and music
or commit myself to one or the other.
And I, you know, I ended up pursuing playing music all the time.
And it was around the time that there was like the lockout had happened in 2004.
So I had kind of like my attention was drawn elsewhere.
And it took me moving to Nashville to really like all of a sudden now there's this team that's
popping off like crazy that people didn't expect necessarily um and then of course with the you
know the cup run that they made uh that was completely insane and you know being here and
seeing how the team completely transforms this city is pretty wild.
And it was kind of magnetic at the time that I moved down here, you know?
You kind of fell back in love with the game.
I mean, you got to an area where you saw how big it was,
and it just became important again. And the second part of the question is, you got drums in your bedroom, dude.
That would be like a hockey player having his gear next to his bed.
Do you just rip the drums right when you get up in the morning?
player having his gear next to his bed like you just rip the drums when right when you get up in the morning yeah well you know it sucks uh living with neighbors and playing loud ass music with you
know big drums and cymbals and stuff you can't really play the kind of music that i want to uh
full force so i have you know i have a great tool uh you know this uh this electronic drum set
behind me and that's kind of been what i, I have that on the road, actually.
We're fortunate we travel around
and we have kind of like a mobile studio
that we're always playing in
throughout the day when we're on tour.
And so if I can't have my, you know,
loud ass drum set and my neighbors will get mad at me
if I'm wailing away on that,
at least I have this that I can like keep my chops up on.
And that's been a lot of what I've been doing lately
is just like playing, you know, cause I don't actually even have my, my real drum set like here,
I have no place to play. So, um, you know, when, when we're forced to not play shows because of
what we're all enduring, it's been a huge help to do this stuff that like, you can't even hear it,
you know, downstairs. Is that the reason you moved to Nashville? I know it's a massive music
scene. I think people assume it's just mostly country, but it's, it's all over the map, right? Yes. I,
you know, I needed to like a change of scenery coming from New Jersey and it'll always be home
for me. But I knew people from here. There's a lot. Yeah. I know it gets a lot of a rap of like,
you know, it is a huge country, you know, and pop kind of place, but it, uh, there's like a really rad, you know,
hard rock, heavy metal, punk rock kind of scene here, which, which really,
you know, brought me in and a lot of like,
a lot of tour production kind of family people are here, you know, uh,
there's a popular tour called the Vans Warped Tour, uh,
that I had done years ago.
And a lot of people that work on the tour actually live in and around Nashville.
So it was a place that I wanted to come to where I was like, okay,
I know people down here really didn't know much other than like,
I had played in Nashville a couple of times and have my like favorite spots
that I'd like eat at on tour or whatever like that.
But I had never really spent that much time until I moved down here,
but quickly just like fell in love with the place.
I mean, like you guys have been down here and just seen what, you know,
what an amazing city it can be.
And it's like instantly you get that vibe when you come here.
Yeah, it's hard not to like.
The women are beautiful, great live music, good bars.
And now they got an elite sports team who just got their asses handed to them
by the Coyotes.
Now, Whit, I don't know if you saw the picture online.
This guy was on top of the painted car, the Coyotes painted car,
and he was smashing it with a sledgehammer.
Yeah, thank you for having me in your car, by the way.
Yeah, you're welcome.
So you have to eat your words a little bit, of course,
being a hardcore Preds fan. I thought so thought all right so you know yeah i thought i might have
to eat crow on that one um and that and that's fair i mean that was a that was a tough series
to watch i don't think you'd you'd get any different answer from any other preds fan that
that was yeah but hey hold on though i i think one, you guys could have challenged the Avs a touch bit more
than the way that the Yotes did.
So let's not necessarily let biz get too big for ourselves here.
They just came off the worst performance I've ever seen.
Very fair.
So the connection to the podcast is you reached out when Gomez came on,
and of course you said you lived in New Jersey.
You actually got to hang out with quite a few of the players,
and that's probably where your love for hockey escalated.
That was, yeah.
It was such a crazy story that like, you know,
I never connected with any sport other than hockey, really still.
But when I was like nine years old,
my dad, who you guys might be familiar with,
played drums for the Conan O'Brien TV show.
He's played for Bruce Springsteen for the last 40 something years.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
Yeah.
So he had gotten, I was probably like eight or nine at the time, you know, struggling
with trying to find a sport that I wanted to do, like baseball or soccer or something
like that.
And he had gotten asked by the New Jersey devils. They're like, Hey, you know,
we know you're in New Jersey. And there was some kind of like preseason intramural,
you know, red, red team versus white team kind of, you know,
preseason sort of thing.
And they wanted some kind of like,
like celebrity coaches or something for for one of the teams.
So they asked him to do it.
And I had never been to a hockey game.
None of my family had ever really been to a hockey game.
And he was like, yeah, all right, I'll do it.
Can I bring, you know, can I bring my son?
And so they let him bring me.
And I remember very distinctly, I was on the bench when this whole thing was happening.
And Sheldon Souray came up. I was sitting right on the bench when uh when this whole thing was happening and sheldon sure came up uh i was sitting
right on the bench and all of a sudden he comes up and he's like coming over the boards and his
skate almost comes and like takes off my head uh and that kind of that kind of instantly like drew
me into hockey was that like i can i could get my head literally like chopped off by my walk that's why
you're in slipknot yeah right and actually yeah there's a lot of parallels with that like i you
know this band that like i felt was gonna like eat me or something like that if i didn't if i didn't
uh come to every show and then lo and behold i ended up joining years later but um but yeah that's
where that's where it all started um was like was that and then we
ended up you know coming to more games and stuff um and my whole family got into it like my my mom
she didn't want to go to a hockey game she didn't really she wasn't really into it but we brought
her to a game and i remember like some deflected shot came like out of play and launched right for like square between her eyes
and the guy right in front of us some guy right in front of us just put up his hand and palm this
deflected shot it like broke his hand what a move by that guy though yeah and it easily saved my
mom's life at this hockey game so she was roped in just like i was like oh my god like
anything can happen in this sport is ridiculous so that's where that began you know and that was
in like 1999 i think so what a time to become a you know a new jersey devils fan did lou make
you sign the stick or something fucker if you said it by the way if that story finished off
with you saying your mom took one in the
forehead i was gonna be like you guys guys gotta get off the podcast and then she became the lead
singer right right exactly yeah who broke his hand was like what's your last name oh uh can i get a
front row tickets for the next 84 springsteen tours we'll call it yeah so uh so yeah to add
to the you know the the story about how i reached out to you guys originally was
i i was listening to the the scott gomez story and as i was listening i was like oh my god he's
telling this story exactly how i remember and i was 10 years old back when that uh you know i'm
sure your listeners remember his story about going to the bruce springsteen show i love that he got
dragged like he didn't want to go i love that he didn't want to go. But, but yeah,
like they, they had just won the Stanley cup and we had been, you know,
getting friendly with those guys and stuff. And they played one,
they played the, the band played one show,
the old continental airlines arena and and like Ken Danico brought the Stanley
cup to the, to the show. We were all hanging out with them.
That was great.
And then a bunch of guys came to Madison Square Garden.
I think they played the Garden, like, the next week or something.
So then Gomez and Bobby Holik, Marty all came,
and it was insane.
We ended up  I was texting you.
I was like, dude, I got to tell you the rest of this story that he left out was that we ended up
playing like an hour of street hockey on the loading dock at Madison square
garden. And with guys like who are totally off the clock,
but they ended up playing this full on street hockey game with like 10 year
olds, but they were like breaking a sweat. And I think I on scott's team and we ended up winning what he called the
stanley keg he just grabbed the king that was like you know backed by the loading dock and he's like
lifting it over my head and um that was madness but you know yeah that must have been so cool
for you to go through that who was the most competitive out of all the players?
I think Bobby. I think Bobby Haleek might have been the most competitive.
He was definitely like throwing checks to like 12-year-old kids.
That was pretty incredible to receive, like a Bobby Haleek check.
That was kind of incredible.
Jay, you played goaltender.
How did you end up in the pipes?
I always say it's usually an older brother that throws you in the pipes. Because he's nuts, R.A. Have you not listened to this fucking nut job?
Marty Brodeur shot a street hockey ball out of his face in MSG.
He threw a skill star at him. Catch this kid.
Yeah, you know, I had always been drawn to the goaltender.
I think in the same way, maybe subconsciously,
that I've always been drawn to like the, being the drummer in a band like this, I think there's something to be said,
like the, the drummer is usually the weird guy in the band and the goalie is usually the weird guy
on the team, you know? So, so there was something about it. I think honestly I started, cause I
wasn't that great of a skater and I was like, okay, well I'll just like stay here the whole
game. And then look, you know, I found out that you have to be up and down and all like,
you have to basically be one of the best skaters on the team.
I didn't know that when I started being a goalie, but part of it was that,
you know, that, yeah, that pressure that I, that I really enjoyed from the,
you know, from playing. And,
and I thought that was like the most high pressure situation you could put
yourself in on the ice. And, and yeah, so something about it resonated with me.
And I think then, you know, taking that and, you know,
that ended up translating to being a drummer, you know, like,
I think if you have a, if you have a shitty drummer,
your band's probably going to suck. And if you have a shitty goaltender,
your team's probably going to suck. So that's kind of, you know, yeah.
So that's the comparison. You would say the drummer is the goaltender of the team.
A hundred percent. Yeah. I think, you know,
Why is that for people who don't know music?
Well, I definitely feel like the pressure's on when, you know, when,
when you're trying to, I think as a drummer, if you're,
if you're not holding shit together,
there's no way you could have, you know,
you could have the best guitar players and best singers and everything like
that. But if your drummer's not holding it together, it's just not,
you're not going to make that great music.
It's going to sound like shit.
Yeah. And I think, I think if you're, you know, if you're working in a similar
way from a hockey standpoint, you know, if you're working out from the crease,
you could have a team
full of studs playing but if your goalie's just letting everything in it's not going to work
i'd love to see a i'd like to see a breakaway challenge between uh ra and and jay right now
you think you could get you could score on them all right i mean who knows probably if i close my
eyes and take a nice second we could try i I still, I still play a little bit.
I still,
you know,
it's,
it's something that I haven't completely pulled away.
So I'm,
I might be able to hold my own.
So we know you're crazy.
So would you take a Shea Weber shot from the blue line?
Would you,
would you stand in front of that?
Oh my God.
I,
maybe,
maybe to like,
God,
that strikes me as like,
maybe the red line. Yeah. Push it back to the red line. I, uh, maybe, maybe to like, God, that strikes me as like, maybe the red line. Yeah. Push it back to the red line. I,
maybe I would just to say that I could, that I, that I did it,
but that's like one of those guys that, you know,
those like tough guys that just want to be shot in the shoulder just to say
that they got shot or something like that.
I don't know if I'm that much of a glutton.
We tasered our A one time.
Like the guy who wanted to get his head cut off, so he played hockey.
Right.
Exactly.
The animal in that.
I got a question.
We need to get you in an e-bug position
so you can wear a slipknot mask in warm-ups.
If I can sign up for that, I would love to.
Nashville's e-bug guy right here.
We could change this.
You'd probably be wearing a bondage outfit in the bubble
considering there's no clothing rules.
Players aren't wearing suits.
Is that the GIMP?
No, that's just Jay showing up for the game.
Yeah.
Look like the average Joe's uniforms before they got their real ones
in dodgeball.
I'm curious.
No, I'm sorry.
I'm curious.
I feel like everyone would think like your father, this legendary drummer,
all these years with Bruce Springsteen, East street band, like he,
he maybe taught you at a young age how to play drums,
but you didn't start playing until you were 14 years old and just,
it kind of came natural to you.
Yeah. He kind of wanted me to find it out for myself,
kind of like the way he found it out for himself, you know,
like that was never, and honestly that to his to his you know my parents credit they they just
wanted me to find out what i wanted to do and they didn't see hockey coming like they didn't see that
as like oh he's gonna want to be a hockey player but there was nothing like no you shouldn't play
hockey you should focus on you know becoming a drummer like me. That was never anything. They just saw what I was passionate about.
And I didn't show a passion for playing drums until, yeah,
until I was like 14 and I really discovered the instrument.
And then it was like,
then they just wanted me to foster that interest and be like, okay,
he wants to play drums 25 hours a day. Like we, you know, let's,
let's get behind that. And and and we never had any conversations
like he never sat me down and gave me lessons because i was playing drums to get away from
school like i didn't want to have extra school after school so he just he just let me play along
to my ramones records and my metallica records and um just as long as i i was working hard at it
and was having fun he was like hey that's that's hey, that's what I did, so I want to foster that for you.
So that's kind of, you know, it was pretty laissez-faire with that, you know.
Jay, a drum kit and a drum set, the exact same thing?
Yeah, yeah, same thing.
I wrote down kit, and then when you call it a set,
I felt like an asshole afterwards.
I thought I butchered it.
But I want to get into that a little bit.
Now, Slipknot, like you said, that was a band you used to go to their concerts when you were 10 years old
and pretend to be one of the members there's that famous picture you and your dad and then you
recreated it years later when you became a member of the band how wild was that take us through that
whole journey from literally being a fan of a band to becoming a member of that band really crazy
and um you know it it was something that happened, of course, gradually over time, just being friends with the guys.
I mean, the first heavy metal show that I ever went to was a Slipknot show.
To give a little background to the story, they came on the Conan O'Brien show when they were promoting their first album back in either 99 or 2000.
And they came on and instantly my dad was like oh my god this band is insane they
wear these crazy masks and these outfits this music is out of control like my nine-year-old
son's gonna love this and uh and so they were like yeah hey anytime you and the family want
to come out to a show you guys should come out so the next summer uh they were about to put out
their second album and they were on the ozfest tour so So I'm 10 years old and I go to OzFest for the first time and I go see Slipknot and Slayer and Ozzy Osbourne and this and that.
And my mind was blown wide open. And, but it was cool because, you know, we struck up a friendship
with these guys and my mom didn't want to sign off on it. She was like, this is not good for my
kid. But she got to meet the guys and was like hey
you know they're just they're they're artists this is their art they're cool guys they're all you
know they're they're all family men and and i can i can get behind my son listening to this crazy
music and so uh so yeah and i you know i just started doing my homework on this music and
learning all that i could about it where where, where these bands come from, what inspired them and this and that.
And all the while, you know, they would come to town once a year,
maybe a couple of times a year. And every time they saw me, I'd be, you know,
a little bit taller.
I'd be a little bit more knowledgeable about this kind of music. And then,
you know, like 13 years later or so fast forward,
I ended up filling in for my dad with Bruce for a period of time.
And then, you know, went off and played in a bunch of different bands.
And then the circumstance happened where they needed a drummer.
They asked me, and I didn't even know it was them really, but their, uh, their kind of family asked me like, Hey,
can you come out here and audition for a band?
And they didn't tell me what it was. Um, but I, you know,
I flew out to California on a, on a phone call,
just get out here and audition for some band. It turned out to be them.
And then, you know, the, the next day we were working on what became,
you know, the first Slipknot record that I played on um but yeah it
was a you know it was just out of our friendship that we had started you know 13 years before that
when I was like 10 years old and um they just took a shot in the dark saw if their you know
their friend that they had seen grow up uh in this kind of music community give him a shot and. And, and it, you know, thankfully it worked
out. Was that the first time you'd ever experienced the creative process in making an album or already
at that point, had they had a lot of the songs and tracks laid out? We, it was kind of somewhere
in the middle with, you know, it wasn't, it was definitely my first experience on that level of
like, I mean, my experience making records at that point was like, okay, well,
we have all these songs. It'll probably take us like a week or two weeks to,
you know, to record this. I, I thought at the beginning,
if I was fortunate enough to continue playing with these guys, I was like,
all right, this is going to be a long process.
It'll probably take us like a month or two months ended up taking like seven
or eight months to record that album. Just because you know so many guys there's nine guys in the band
and a lot of stuff happening where it takes a lot of time to get it right you know but
what kind of stuff oh just you know not i mean just the hard work in the studio no crazy
curricular anything exile main street i mean rock stars you said there's nine of work in the studio no crazy curricular anything exile i mean rock stars
you said there's nine of you in the band like that would i mean you know we've seen the stories
laid out i mean there's documentaries about them there's a lot of egos involved at that high of a
level not saying that's the case in your band but to keep that many guys focused on one creative
process would be very difficult i think it's all rooted in just the music, you know, and I think it was cool because like they knew that I knew the music that they were
making, you know, because I've been a fan since, you know, almost the beginning, you know, so they
knew coming into it that I would have the right mentality that they're like, okay, this guy,
guess where we come from. And so coming into that process, our guitar player,
Jim Root, he had written quite a bit of material on his own. And so it was kind of like I had a
template. Basically, you know, they asked me to get into a room and play their back catalog,
which we did. And then they were like, okay, he can hang with our old songs. Tomorrow,
let's see if he can hang with some of
our new material so he had a couple demos that they're that he was working out and and uh and
so they threw me in a room with a drum set i played what i could to to that and then it ended
up being like a month and a half or something like every day a new song i'd listen to it in the
morning go into the studio and just lay down drums on it all day.
And they threw that at me for like, you know, about a month and a half or so before we actually
started like tracking our record. So it's a lot of like, record, listen to it, re-record it,
spend another week on it, re-record that kind of, you know, a lot of that stuff. It takes,
takes time to get it right. But so yeah i was i was kind of coming in
in this interesting moment of working on that album and then we got to the point where we were
actually like building stuff out of like from scratch just like okay let's go into that room
and hopefully come out with a couple songs um so we ended up doing that uh for that record um
toured on that for a couple years and then after that we ended up spending
like three years before uh like right writing our our album that we put out last summer um and that
was like the a fully immersive like collaborative project that was probably a step further than uh
than the record we had done before that wow thanks for describing all that yeah your first i don't know however several weeks or
months in the band you you kind of still had a secret identity for a while given like you stayed
performing you wear a mask did you feel like kind of like a luchador like one of those mexican
wrestlers for a bit because nobody knew who you were when you were performing yeah i think i think
we had a lot of fun with it the band had a lot of fun with it because yeah it is an interesting
dichotomy where you know we're guys who can keep relative anonymity you know through that so you know when you're changing with a band
that was at that point in time almost 20 years into its existence you know you want and and a
new record coming out you want the focus to be on the music understandably so you know you don't
necessarily want the chatter to be about like okay here's this new guy and here's his history. Here's how you can learn up on him. It's just like, you know what, we've got new music, we've got a new record, pay attention to that, you'll find out who this guy is later. And that was kind of the, you know, that was how we approached the beginning of touring in support of that record and i thought it was done with you know taste and class like a
lot of the stuff that because i had been a fan of the band wanting you know i remember the band's
third record that came out in 2004 they kept it really under wraps and i was i was kind of trying
to do my sleuthing of trying to find a leak somewhere and they never they never let up they
until the day it came out you couldn't hear a single thing about the album. And I thought that mystique was really interesting,
which is hard to come by these days. You can't keep anything under wraps.
So, so I think it was, you know, it was nice to be able to, you know,
give the fans, I mean, really pissed them off because, you know,
everybody was kind of impatient, but, but yeah, I've, I've thought it was,
it was pretty, you know, classy and tasteful the way we did it.
I think you buried the lead a few minutes ago, Jay.
You casually mentioned playing with Bruce Springsteen
in the E Street Band.
I want to just let our audience know, this was when your dad,
when you were young, he started off with Conan O'Brien
because Bruce and the band were on hiatus at the time.
They reunited in 99, and your dad's schedule,
they were bumping heads between Conan and the the boss they needed someone to fill in in you 18 years old you don't like played a couple
songs you played on tour with them in europe how the how was that man 18 years old playing with
one of the biggest bands in the world and not because you're someone's kid because you're
competent and you're good at it because bruce wouldn't pick you for nepotism reasons so like
tell us take us through that how the hell was that that was completely insane and i didn't i didn't expect for that to happen but the stars aligned in that way
that just like it was one of those right places at the right time kind of kind of things i was the
last kid of all the people in the band after the band um had kind of split up in 88. All the guys in the band kind of, you know,
had kids and went on to do other things.
Then they got back together in 99, like you said.
And, you know, the kids in the band,
my sister actually included, she would get up,
she got up a couple of times and played keyboards with them.
And all the kids had kind of gotten up
and played a guitar and stuff like that.
I was the last one who had never gotten on stage to do anything because I was like,
deathly afraid of it. If I was messing up on the drums, you can't just like,
pull me down in the mix and stuff. It'd be catastrophic. But so I had finished high school.
And, and that summer, they were playing some shows at giant stadium in new jersey before
they tore it was the old giant stadium before they tore it down and built the new one and uh
and so my dad was like oh you should play a song with us at soundcheck and so i did um
and bruce was like hey that was pretty good why don't you play that tonight during the show
and so i was just so nervous, but wanted to do it,
wanted to kind of rise to that occasion and be like, all right,
you can do it once and then you never have to do it again.
You can say you did it.
But so I played, I played the song Born to Run with them that night.
And it went great.
You know, thought I could just like rest my cap on that.
And that went great. Thought I could just rest my cap on that. And that was it.
But then a couple months later, they had this scheduling conflict where, yeah, the late night Conan program was everybody was moving out to California and it was going to become the Tonight Show.
And so the show was going to be an hour earlier.
They were going to be taping in California.
It was a really big change for the show.
And so my dad had to be there for the start of that show.
I think that the first show was going to be like June 1st of that year.
Bruce had coincidentally booked a European tour to start May 31st.
So my dad all of a sudden had to be in two places at once.
And so they kind of got together and said like, Hey,
we got to figure
out what we're going to do when you have to go to the tv show and and we need somebody on stage
and i think bruce asked my dad and you know i've known all these people since i was like
a child like these are all my you know my uncles and stuff steve and gary and um you know clarence
danny of course uh now that they've passed but um you know this is
like my extended family and i think bruce that's my dad more as like a dad and not necessarily of
like bruce prinkstein and the east street band bruce like do you think jay would want to do that
do you think he'd he'd crack under that pressure and i think my dad was like i don't know we're gonna find out yeah we're gonna find out
and uh and so so yeah i remember um uh bruce called me and asked if if i would like to and
uh i couldn't believe it but he basically then just kind of sent me a list of like
all right get started on learning these couple hundred songs. And,
and we'll go, you know, we'll go from there. And we'll add on to it from there. And that's what we
did for like about a year. I was I was filling in for my dad in that way. Unbelievable. Let's go
back to that moment where you ended up playing the one song you said is that giant stadium?
Yes. Was was that the biggest rush of your life right there
do you think that that set you off to maybe be able to want to go do it past that for sure yeah
i mean that was like total fight or flight kind of moment like everything just goes numb like you
just have to turn off and let your subconscious just like roll with it and i had only been playing
drums for like three years at that point too um so it was definitely it was like huge huge pressure but i kind of just like blacked out and
and played it and then at the end when it was over i was just like i i couldn't believe that
that had happened and went well like i i could have believed it if it had been total shit, but it did go well. We, you know, we played the song and,
and I think people enjoyed it. So, but yeah, I mean, it was like 70,000,
70,000 people or something like that. It didn't look real.
It looked like I was looking into a TV screen or something like that.
I think that kind of helped was that it was so ridiculous to look at that.
I don't think,
I don't think I could even process
that it was a thing that was actually happening, you know?
What do you got, buddy?
I'm so interested to hear what Bruce Springsteen is like.
And I know you guys are family friends, but that guy's life,
he can't go anywhere, he can't do anything.
And just constantly people, it's just as famous as you can get as a musician.
I mean mean how does
he handle all that from what you've seen um well from my you know being close to bruce and the band
and stuff um you know my my real relationship uh with him was you know mainly just rooted in
in being like i was i was kind of around as a kid you know i was on tour and i'm like, I was kind of around as a kid,
I was on tour and I'm kind of bopping around.
I'm just kind of there.
But then I made this jump to where he was like,
okay, now you're going to play drums with me.
So we kind of have to evolve this sort of like-
Yeah, different relationship.
Uncle-nephew kind of relationship.
I got to get to know you a little bit.
And I got to, you know,
the thing of why Bruce is so successful nephew kind of relationship. I got to get to know you a little bit. And I got to, you know, the, the,
the thing of why Bruce is so successful and why he's been able to accomplish
what he has is because he is just one of those like absolute creative
geniuses who, who lives his art and lives his music.
And what I found fascinating that I,
I wouldn't have known had I not had this experience
was that he's such a motivator of the people around him
that he really brings out the best performance
in the people around him.
And I think he's like in a league of his own with that
because I'll give you an example.
He has a way about him that I was expected to learn like a lot,
a lot of songs, like several hundred songs. And we'd actually have in our set list,
he would write out the set list every day, a different set of like 35 songs that we would
play every night. And in the middle, he would just write question marks. We didn't know what
we were going to play. He would just write question marks we didn't know what we were going to play he would just write question marks instead of song titles and over the years he kind of created this monster where
he would pull out signs from the crowd requests like stuff that people wanted to hear and um
you know with those guys they have a certain musical vocabulary together to where they you
know they know all the songs that they were playing in bars in the 60s and early 70s and stuff
i don't know that i don't know those songs so we're in like sweden i think and um he ends up
pulling a song from a like a sign from the crowd that has a title of a song that i've never even
heard of i don't like all the guys in the band he's like showing it to the guys in the
band like all right everybody know this one we're gonna jump into this one and everyone's like yeah
totally i know that one and i'm like i don't even i don't know if this is a punk rock song i don't
know if this is a ballad i don't know what we're about to do and he just counts off this song
and he has some way about him that he just makes you feel confident that you can get through a moment like that.
And we ended up playing a song that I had never heard of in front of like 60,000 Swedes.
But what did you play?
Like how many times you hit the left drum or the treble?
I don't get it.
I'm telling you, that's the crazy part of the situation
is that it's like the only way i got through that was by tuning into his kind of physicality and
like with a band like that it's much much different than a band like slipknot which is kind of like
nine like it's like a military of nine people just charging forward um with bruce it's kind of like
a flying v and you're all kind of responding to him um so you're watching just kind of his motion
and he had kind of i don't know what it was because you know we were playing like three and a half
hour shows so you kind of get in tune with his physicality and what that kind of dictates for the music.
And he just has a way of making you feel like, hey, it's no big deal.
Like, we're just playing music here.
And that's an amazing accomplishment.
That is really hard to do is to, you know, to get like your collaborators or musicians on stage to all speak that language.
And honestly, I think it's like him and him alone. Like that,
that showed me like, wow, he is something else.
I don't know if anybody else could get, you know,
an 18 year old to just play drums to a song that he's never heard of.
I don't think anybody could have done that and brought that out of somebody on
stage other than him.
He's totally that way, you know?
That's absolutely insane.
I was actually lucky enough to see them on that 99 tour here in Boston.
Fuckin' end of the show.
Yeah, you know this guy.
You know how many fucking, you know how many of your old man shows this guy probably snuck into?
I stole one of your drumsticks, dude.
All right, were you by chance uh
we played that we played uh the Boston Garden uh in 2009 I think and the and the Dropkick
Murphys came up on stage and played with us were you by chance were you I wasn't at that show no
I wasn't I wasn't that but no it was that I think they're the first tour after they had taken the
break in 99 and of course these guys are right,
I managed to worm my way down to the front row by the end of the show,
my buddy who used to work bull gang at the town shutout Rizzo.
I was legit on the stage and Bruce Springsteen,
I swear right in front of me, the last final chords of Thunder Road,
and I'm literally slapping his boots.
It's just like, I mean, it's an incredible show.
Like you said, three and a half hours of just nonstop rock.
I think coming from where they come from, playing the Stone Pony and stuff,
if you have the wherewithal to sneak down into the front,
you get the approval by the band.
I think that's kind of the unspoken rule.
I was going to ask you about Slipknot.
When you guys go on tour, is it like these kids think it is
with the rock star mentality, Or is it extremely professional now?
Kind of like the way hockey's transformed into the protein shakes
as opposed to the six-pack.
I would definitely say, yeah, it's definitely more along that mentality,
especially me joining in on this band that has a lot of longevity.
You have to be smart about what you're doing
or you're not going to be able to perform
night to night to night.
And, you know, the show is an act
of destroying ourselves as it is.
So, you know, I'm kind of fortunate
that I think like coming into the band,
they knew where I came from,
where I was really schooled with,
you know, growing up around the
E Street Band guys like watching them take it so seriously like their dedication is to the music
and that's where I came from you know like I just came from like all I really want to do is just
play this music that I love so much so I think they were you know when when they were asking me
to join the band I think they I think it spoke to where they were at with like, Hey, look, this guy doesn't,
you know, this guy doesn't care about partying in any sort of way.
He wants to play this music and give it a hundred percent every single night.
And when you're doing, you know, 30, 40 shows in a row on, you know,
when you're in Europe in the winter, you know, in, in January and February,
you know, in, in January and February, you know,
I can't, I can't be hitting stage with Slipknot at 99.
And, and I think they're, you know,
the guys in the band are going to know it and our audience is going to know
it. So it's gotta be a hundred percent every night. So yeah, it is,
it's a lot of protein shakes. It's a lot of like, all right, I got it.
I'm taking my Advil and my Aleve before we play the show tonight, you know?
And, and it is that way that we can play, you know,
200 shows in support of a record and have have that consistency.
You know, I think it's cool that we were able to meet up in a,
in a period of time where I think the band is super tuned into that consistency and that like, that like diligent preparation for the show. And, you know, on every show day, I'm warming up for an hour or a couple hours before we even play the show.
And it's, you know, that's, that's kind of what it takes. And I know that's what's expected of me. You know, I've got a lot of,
I've got, you know, my older brothers are the elder statesmen in this band,
you know? So it's kind of like,
it's a band I respect so much that I I'm not going to show up to,
to play anything less than a hundred percent, you know? So, so yeah,
it's, it's not much else other than the music really.
What's your favorite country to
hit up on tour who um man it it's crazy because i don't want to leave any any yeah anybody out but
but there are there are definitely some standouts i'll say that like south america
is has some of our best shows ever um first time i'd ever been to south america was
with slipknot we played the rock in rio festival i think to i think there was like like 200 000
people or something like that absolute main like ridiculous um and and they're so passionate about
music uh what i found insane was that when there's no lyrics to sing they sing the guitar
riff back at you and you can actually hear that over your whole band and they're they're they're
just so passionate down in south america mexico we've actually held uh our own festival called
not fest uh we hold that down in um in mexico and uh we we do that a bunch of places but we've done it down there and
it's phenomenal um a lot of places in europe too i love playing in scandinavia like finland and
sweden norway finland is big on the heavy metal yeah really big norway too like nor like like
norway kind of gave birth to like an even like sub sub sub genre of like a specific kind of
like super dark you know heavy metal because they don't they don't get the sun most of the year so
they have a lot of you know they have a lot to get out through the music um but uh but yeah man i
mean and it's the same in the states honestly like you could like like a show from in boston
is going to be way different than a show
in like sacramento or something like that you know what i mean like you when you get more fights
yeah yeah um yeah uh you know there's there's definitely once you start kind of like burning
this track and you kind of start to notice those those commonalities of like oh yeah this is kind
of like new york's identity in a show um you know
and you definitely find out which cities have their own personalities but man yeah like i'll
i'll just go with like south america peru unbelievable um yeah i'll go with that i feel
like a lot of people may may picture slipknot, concert ends, they go back, they suck a punch of security guard, they're smashing bottles.
But talking to you, it seems like you may just go back, have a tea,
watch NHL Network, read a book.
What's the post show like for a band that's just ripping up a huge show?
That's pretty accurate, man.
I think when you know, when,
when you're talking to anybody who wants to perform at a, at a high level, it's like, you, you don't want to leave anything on, you don't,
you want to leave it all on stage. So at the end of the night, yeah,
it's kind of like,
He does the Robert Kraft special hits up the rub and tug.
You know, it's a lot of private chat with the amc
yeah it's a lot of like all right look you know law and order or fucking you know always sunny
in philadelphia at at night and and like yeah you got it's really i mean people might have some kind
of conception that that maybe we're pretty crazy but you get though you get all that out through the music and then you're kind of just like you you got nothing left but to just
be like all right that was pretty cool i'm gonna i'm gonna chill out and watch law and order and
you know have my chicken fingers after the show what would you say is your wildest uh rock star
experience as as far as maybe it was uh it was you know something crazy from a fan or something
had to have happened in this many years of you rocking and rolling that was just like holy shit
i always go back to this story i can't believe it oh man oh uh crazy rock star experience and if i
put you on the spot with the planet yeah i know yeah yeah i don't want to get any of your uh your bandmates in trouble here i know it's on the spot uh fuck man um i mean moments that i that i go back to that really
like kind of tie like my childhood back to like present day and kind of cross that like weird
you know kind of time is a flat circle sort of thing. We ended up playing, I remember we played a show
at what was the old Continental Airlines Arena,
going to see the Devils play all those years.
My first tour was Slipknot.
We ended up playing at that venue.
And we get up on stage and I remember,
I remember one of my bandmates pointing to,
there was a giant hanging from the rafters,
like where they retire guys' numbers,
like Marty Berdour's numbers are hanging from the rafters.
Right next to that is like a Bruce Springsteen
and the E Street Band sold out, whatever it was,
like 20 or 100 shows or something like that.
So we get up on stage and we haven't,
we hadn't been on stage yet.
And all of a sudden we walk out and then we're just facing this,
this banner and the guys will give me shit from, you know, Oh, you know,
this isn't like playing with the boss, you know, which, which is true.
Slipknot's a challenge. Like, like I've never experienced. I mean,
the Bruce stuff was a challenge, but Slipknot is, is completely on another level.
So, you know, they'll, they'll kind of give me shit about that, but,
but we walk on stage and then for, you know,
for the next hour and a half,
we're just facing this giant hanging from the rafters.
Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band sold out this venue like a hundred
times in a row or something like that. was kind of funny um you know so that's one moment that i kind of
keep thinking back to where it's like man you know this is like stranger than fiction you can't write
that you know you really can't um so i don't know if that's necessarily like a rock star kind of
it's all good buddy this was hoping for a lot more sex and drugs. Hey, I don't talk about that stuff anymore either.
I got a nice lady.
Tune in to episode 37 through 193, and you'll hear some rock star stories.
Yeah, me shitting in garbage cans, stand-up 69.
Jay, I want to ask, what kind of music do you listen to to relax or read
or just kind of chill out?
Is it always hardcore? Do you have, like, I don i don't go to classical or jazz or something just to chill
yeah i it's it really is across the you know all across the board it's kind of everything and um
i feel like that was kind of the school of music that i that i went to so to speak was just like
always have open ears you know like you're never gonna as long as it's good and comes from the heart i'm probably gonna like it you know is if i you know you'll hear a lot of music today that's
just so contrived and so much bullshit that it's just like you can hear through it in a way you
know you it's just got no substance but to me you know i i'm a i'm all over the place man i mean
like yeah i love heavy metal and i love you know music or whatever, but it can't be all that because I drive myself insane.
You know, I listen to Fiona Apple and Sheryl Crow and, you know, Depeche Mode and the Ramones, but also, you know, yeah, Metallica, a lot of friends, a lot of friends bands as well. There's a really amazing band that I love from Pittsburgh called Code Orange, who are
to me, they're like the most talented band around right now.
They're just there, especially actually in this time where bands are struggling to, you
know, to find things to do, you know, without actually a stage or a platform.
I find myself inspired by bands like that that
are really going out on a limb and doing some interesting things given like crazy restrictions
but yeah it's got to be it's got to be all over the board like if you if you take a road trip
with me it's it's like musical schizophrenia it's all over the place um we didn't talk much
about hockey was there anything that uh you wanted to specifically talk about like some of your
fondest memories and what's attached to the game so much other than what you've already said uh
like i got back into playing like once once everybody down here it was kind of like preds
fever was kind of like impossible to catch down here back in like 2016 or something so all of a
sudden there was this just like i the the game has grown in such a way where now there's like
i think in the last year,
there's like three different rings have just popped up that are all owned by
the predators. And they, you know, they practice at one of them.
But now there's all these like adult leagues and stuff.
So I was talking with a buddy of mine back a couple of years ago.
I was like, man, during like,
I have to be kind of a bubble boy when I'm,
when I'm doing
stuff with the band because like if i you know sprain an ankle going for a save or something
like that and that gets in the way of slipknot stuff i would never hear the end of it so uh
so i don't i don't play when the band is is active but um but my friend and i runs a music store in
town i was like man we gotta start we should start a a team. Like, I didn't know how we would do it.
And I actually hadn't played in years
and neither had he,
but I was like, man, I'm just feeling it.
We got to start a team.
So we actually did.
About like two years ago,
while Slipknot was on some downtime,
we started a team called the Eastside Hellhounds.
And we basically just got like this ragtag,
you know, bunch of crazy idiots like this rag tag, you know,
bunch of crazy idiots, maybe some questionable, you know, characters on this team. Uh, but, uh,
but it's kind of amazing. Like we just picked the, you know, these crazy people that play hockey in, uh, in Nashville and it's become kind of a tour de force. Uh, and actually our, our playoffs,
I'm not going to be able to play but um but our
playoffs start on sunday we'll get saros to step in i know he's not busy right now because the
fucking coyote spanked you guys well sorry about that keep going um yeah so uh so that's been
that's been really exciting just like getting back into the game. And it was really, it was really fun.
Just one of my favorite things about being a goaltender was that, you know,
there's, there's kind of just like, there's a lot of art in it.
Like not just literally like your actual mask and the pads and all this shit.
So I kind of, I was like, man,
I got to do this and I play in a band where we wear masks I have to come back to playing goal
and have a mask that is my mask and so uh so that was that was kind of like the clinching thing that
I was like all right I gotta do this because that's just too good of an opportunity to pass up
so I've got my mask it's all slip it's my slipknot mask. But, but yeah, we play,
we play in Nashville, you know, and I think it's a testament to,
yeah, it's been maybe frustrating being a Preds fan the last couple of years after that cup run. It's been, it's been tough. I love my Preds.
I love these guys, those guys, but you know,
it's been a testament to the effect that they had on the culture down here
and how now you've got all these kids who are interested in playing hockey uh and then maybe
what was considered an unlikely place before and you've got guys like me who are just like you know
what man yeah i'm feeling motivated enough i'm gonna start a hockey team and and we did and it's
been amazing fun we've been knee deep in the postseason for almost two weeks now.
Obviously, Nashville's out.
Your old Devils, they didn't even make it.
Is there any particular team or players that you're pulling for?
There are, yeah.
Well, I want  I mean, I really don't like Colorado
because they're a Central Division rival,
but as long as they can whip the Yotes, then I'm fine with that.
We're not even going to release this episode.
Careful, this is going to go up on put his snm bondage gear in a minute
no i i got love for the u.s too i think i i i was really impressed and i like the way they play
i when i was watching these early you know this playing round i was really i was like all right
well if it's not the preds i really want you, you know, a battle of Alberta. Now that won't happen.
But I was really looking forward to that.
I really do like Calgary.
If they were playing the Preds, I'm sure I would hate it,
but I really like watching them play.
I'm glad that they  it sucks to see the Jets have, you know,
that the Jets went through what they went through.
But I got to say it kind of felt good to see the Jets have, you know, that the Jets went through what they went through. But I got to say,
it kind of felt good to see the Jets leave so early because I was at that
game seven. That was just so heartbreaking in Nashville that I really,
I really felt the press were going to pull it out in game seven against
Winnipeg two seasons.
In the second round, right? That's when they got beat out.
It's kind of been a steady decline for Nashville, although they still got still got a good team on paper so um all right what did you you had one
last one there yeah actually two quick ones well i know we've been hanging you up for a little while
here i gotta ask what's the best non-bruce non-slipknot show that you've ever attended as a Oh yeah. Um, that's a good one, man. Um, well, I think seeing the, the,
the drummer that made me like decide I want to do that.
I saw a lot of drummers that were in, you know,
giant bands that to me looked like larger than life. Um,
and I never thought like that I could do that. Uh, but to me,
like it took punk rock,
bringing it down to a level where I could like look at a drummer,
like, you know,
feet away from me and be like, I could totally do that.
And it took me seeing a band called the used back in 2002.
Their drummer, their founding member, their drummer at the time,
his name was Brandon Steinecker. He now plays in the band,
the punk band Rancid. That was a show.
I was 12 years old and I had been getting into this music and stuff,
but that like,
that was the first time where I looked at a drummer and I was like that.
And I know it's ironic growing up with my dad being a drummer and being so
close to it like that, but it really took me looking at a guy who's, you know, got the tattoos and he's got this mohawk and he's playing this music that I love.
And I was just like, that is what I want to do.
So and that was at Irving Plaza in New York, the legendary Irving Plaza in New York.
And I was 12. So to be going to like a, you know, smoky rock club, you know, see, I think my, like my dad stuck me into that show and stuff.
That was pretty, that was pretty life-changing. That was that moment for sure.
All right. My last one, excluding dad,
my mother would never let me get drums.
So I'm kind of living vicariously through you right now, excluding dad,
who are the best three rock drummers ever living or living or dead?
Oh God.
Sorry, I'm putting you on the spot there.
No, that's okay. It you know i mean i'll have
this conversations with drummers and and there's like there's no right answer but for me you could
not have the drumming that you know that we know it today without like keith moon for sure the who
was probably one of the biggest bands in our house um keith moon ringo star for sure i know
ringo gets a lot of shit but it's like you can't make timeless music uh with without you know what
does he get shit for yeah uh oh just you know being like you've got john paul george and then
ringo's kind of always the butt end of the joke i find that unfair i don't think i don't think you
can you can do that.
You know, you can't, it's chemistry.
Like I think, you know, bands are chemistry,
teams are chemistry.
And so I'll go with Keith Moon, Ringo Starr.
And I think for heavy music, I think you can't,
I mean, Lars Ulrich is such a forefather
of this kind of music.
is such a forefather of this kind of music um making a band like metallica be so um incredibly influential for decades i think that's uh you know those are three that i couldn't go
without in my life so no john c riley from prestige worldwide well i mean i mean we're
talking about classic drummers if you're going into into the modern age, then yeah, you can't go wrong with John C. Reilly.
Wait, before we let you go, I'm guessing you get three guitars hanging on your wall.
Those must belong to some famous people.
No.
Well, let's see.
Or you got them from somebody famous, or are they they just yours and you just keep them on the wall?
They're just mine. Yeah. They're just like your stick rack.
Pretty much. Yeah. Coincidentally enough though, that the clear one,
it's not really an interesting story,
but I got,
I bought that off a guy who had then actually bought that off of my old band,
my old bandmate that I was, he was like,
you bought that guitar off that guy that actually belonged to me like 10
years ago or something like that. Anyway, that, that belonged to that guy.
Yeah.
I think Rinelli's out Ringo biz, right?
Used to used to a Lennon and McCartney Rinelli's Ringo.
And I'll take the George Harrison road gladly.
All right. Yeah. Yeah.
Jay, this has been awesome.
We thank you for your time.
Some unbelievable stories.
I think our fan base is really going to enjoy this and maybe, you know,
we'll send the invite for you and Slipknot.
I don't know.
We'll consider it for you guys to play at one of our live podcast shows.
Maybe.
I'd love to run that up the ladder.
See if we can make that.
That'll be half the people there to listen to the podcast. can have a post slipknot concert like chess match while we have
yeah crackers and tea thanks so much i'll let your bandmates slam uh slam ra into a table full
of tax and shit we can get really weird with ra yeah i'm down Great to talk to you guys. Thanks for having me. All right, Jay. See you. Thanks, man.
Absolute pleasure, man.
Thanks for joining us.
Well, big thanks to Jay Weinberg for joining us.
What an interesting conversation.
Imagine being 18 years old and you're playing with fucking Bruce Springsteen,
the E Street Band, on their reunion tour.
That's sick, dude.
No.
It was an awesome interview.
It was a nice separation too, right?
Just to get out of our hockey world, get into the musician world.
Trying to show our range.
Yeah, that's what I was trying to sum it up.
I just would have loved to have been with him the first time he heard the Gomez interview,
knowing that he was there for all of that.
I had a blast talking to him.
Hockey nut for sure.
Yeah, it was a lot of good stuff.
Hopefully you all enjoyed it.
We do want to let you know, hiring is challenging, hockey nut for sure yeah it was a lot a lot of good stuff hopefully you all enjoyed it uh we do
want to let you know hiring is challenging but there's one place you can go at hiring a simple
fast and smart where businesses can connect with qualified candidates quotable co-founder gretchen
hebner experienced how challenging hiring can be after unsuccessfully searching for a new game
artist to grow her education tech company but then then she switched to ZipRecruiter
and saw an immediate difference. And you can too by signing up for free at ZipRecruiter.com
slash chicklets. ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you, it finds them for you.
By using ZipRecruiter's screening questions to filter candidates, Gretchen found it easier to
focus on the best ones and then find the right one in fact after
posting her job on ZipRecruiter Gretchen said she was honestly surprised she found qualified
candidates so quickly and hired a new game artist in less than two weeks with results like that it's
no one the four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter got a quality candidate within the
first day and right now to try ZipRecruiter for free,
you can go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Once more, ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Speaking of hiring, we know the Arizona Coyotes
are going to be looking for a GM soon.
Right out of the fucking ad, all right?
Right out of the fucking ad.
Hey, Coyotes, you're going to have a sick draft party this year.
Everyone's going to be possibly late.
They just don't turn the TVs on.
There's just music playing.
I texted my buddy.
I said, hey, the good news is we don't have to really do much
coverage on the draft this year um but i'll let you take over all right am i sorry sorry for
interrupting yeah of course the uh coyotes they got pp whacked for violating the nhl's combine
testing policy they lost their second round pick in 2020 and their first round pick in 2021
their first pick of next year's draft isn't until the fourth round uh of course
this happened on uh recently departed gm john chaker's watch i mean i'm sure the organization
might try to play it off as well it did happen it was under his watch he's oh yeah so i mean
biz you know how much will this handicap the oats going forward i mean it's it's a pick but it's not
going to cripple them is it well i mean yeah given the fact that
you weren't going to be a playoff team you're probably i don't know what's going on with
halsey but you're not you might not resign them you're essentially a cap team for next year
the following year you're going to have about 26 million in cap space so you can start rebuilding
from there that's if you want to go out and spend money on all these free agents.
Well, they're not going to be able to spend it on any of these young studs they draft if, in fact, you end up getting your next first-line center
or your next stud defenseman because you don't have any draft picks.
You're going to have to steal somebody.
You don't have a pick in the first, second, or third round of this year,
and I don't believe you have one in the first and third of the following year is that correct uh i could pull it i think we might have a second rounder in two
years so listen i i've said my piece on the the whole john chica experiment i don't want to be
too hard on anyone people make mistakes whatever but i don't think that the coyotes are in a good
spot from from some of the moves he made.
And if you think I'm thinking that the team got overpunished
based on him getting busted cheating, no.
That's the consequence for getting cheated in that scenario.
I would expect that any other team who did what he did
get in trouble the way that the Coyotes did.
And it's just unfortunate that these new owners
who weren't even around when
he made the mistake end up taking over the team and now we're behind the eight ball and then this
guy just jumped ship so the whole package yeah it doesn't look good on chica i don't really like the
other moves he made while he was gm i've let it be known my feelings about analytics here we are
it's unraveled a little bit more i know some people were critical
about my criticism early on i don't know man if you think i'm being unfair well what would you do
to fix them what would you do to fix the team here's well there's really nothing much you can
do in this situation other than to see next year play out because there's just really not many
more moves you can make because all the money's spent and i don't think you're really going to move any of those pieces well downstairs you mentioned shane doan oh well fuck i mean that's i think i
think this goes without saying the fact that shane doan hasn't been reintroduced to the organization
already i think it's i think it's crazy i think the minute that they let shane don't go that like
the soul of the organization had left.
And I don't know if it's a point now where he even wants to come back.
I don't know if the conversations began.
I'm not that high up.
I'm just the fucking backup radio guy here.
But it doesn't feel right to me until the guy who is the first name you think.
Face of the franchise.
Face of the franchise.
He should be there.
And he's not there.
And he wouldn't even be an empty suit.
He would be like, you know what I mean?
He'd be making a difference.
It's not a legend that doesn't really necessarily know what's going on.
You know what I mean?
I keep saying this.
Give me one logical reason why he's not in a position with the Coyotes,
and I'm willing to listen and hear you out.
If you're going to tell me money,
well, then I would argue that just him being associated to you will sell
more season tickets because people will be thrilled that he's back and it's a slight a step in the
right direction at least for the short time i just told you they're spending nearly up to the cap
and we spent enough time on the coyotes so we can move on but i think it's just a dust at seven one
they got dust at seven one seven one1, and it's 3-2,
and Dallas is potentially going to go up 3-0 on a team who got spanked.
And I don't know.
I got a sour taste in my mouth of how things were left,
and I care about the organization, so I've rambled on enough.
They take care of you.
It's a love-love.
It's a love-love.
All right.
Our pal Torts, even though we never had him on the show,
but we love Torts. love love it's a love love all right uh our pal torts even though he never had him on the show but
we love torts uh he was fined 25 000 for his conduct during a media session after his team
was eliminated from the playoffs uh remember he gave the deuces after just two questions
he finished with i'm not gonna get into the touchy-feely stuff for the moral victories and
all that you guys be safe i thought he was actually kind of nice he told people to be safe why do you
get signed for fine for that i don't know i mean because he left early i guess i mean he just he
said he said he was like me and the rapper a couple pumps and then he had to pay that 25k
his uh his uh press conference needed some roman swipes i think the team covers that fine i told
you guys the minute brendan moore got fine said, Torts will not be outdone. And what the fuck did he do?
He mic dropped it.
Yeah, I mean, he didn't even do anything.
Yeah, he just said, I don't want to get into that,
and basically left.
I guess I don't know if there's a minimum requirement
they're supposed to stay for, but 25K.
It's kind of the situation where the coach
or one of the players goes up and says,
hey, give me a 10 and kick me out.
Get rid of me.
Hey, tell everyone I told you to fuck off and you kicked me out. I want to go hit the showers and make sure I'm the first one at the me a 10 and kick me out. Get rid of me. Hey, tell everyone I told you to fuck off
and you kicked me out. I want to go hit the showers and make sure I'm
the first one at the bar. You better kick me out. I'm not going to
kick you out. Fuck you. You got to kick me out.
Basically force their hand.
That's 25 grand less than Schwartz can spend
on the new no big deal line of clothing
for his fam, right G? Yeah, you guys
are sporting it. You guys look fantastic.
This honey mustard
yellow. I had the pants last night and the shirt.
So comfy.
And I love the color.
I think it makes my skin a little less pale.
And then we got the light gray that Biz is sporting as well.
Heather Gray.
I love it.
Good job, G.
It's very simple.
It's classic.
You can wear it anywhere.
You can wear it to bar mitzvah.
You can wear it to.
My favorite thing is the shorts.
A communion. All right. You're in the shorts. The sweatshorts. You can wear it to... My favorite thing is the shorts. A communion.
All right, you're in the shorts.
The sweatshorts.
Those are my favorite.
Wicked comfy.
I mean, that's why I have O'Hare in the summertime.
Already got skid marks in them.
His sweatshorts.
Gypsies.
Come on, guy.
White until it's white.
That's my mind.
All right, yeah.
Hey, Biz.
First night in the pad here.
We had movie night.
We had a Chiclets movie night.
Oh, my God.
And I introduced you to Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind,
starring Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, directed by Michelle Gondry,
written by Charlie Kaufman.
Oscar winner, not a big deal.
You liked it.
You really dug it, huh?
It was incredible.
Really?
It was incredible.
You think Jim Carrey, you think, oh, well,
I'm going to think I'm watching Jim Carrey for two hours, you know?
But right away, you just get lost in the character.
He did an incredible job acting.
Kate Winslet was awesome as well.
They had some famous people in some of the smaller roles as well.
Yeah.
Ruffalo, Kirsten Dunst, Tom Wilkinson.
Kirsten Dunst.
I thought she was great in it as well.
And just as far as the way it was filmed, it was an original screenplay.
Fucking did Dallas just tie it?
Dallas tied it up.
Fucking Dallas.
Wow.
Coyote sweepers.
I think Como comes off the bench possibly
and walks into one of the ladies.
Sakic is pissed off.
Sakic's going to fire everybody.
He's going to lace them up for the overtime
if it goes there.
But I thought it was a great movie, Ari.
No, he didn't come off the bench.
Have you seen that one or no?
I've never seen that movie.
Never seen it. Yeah. Best original screenplay. I would come off the bench. Have you seen that one or no? I've never seen that movie. Never seen it.
Best original screenplay. I would recommend it to anybody. Check it out and just the way
they did the cinematography and all
that shit. Yeah. Oh, it's very funky.
It's a real trippy movie. The same guy who
wrote it wrote Being John Malkovich was
a similarly trippy movie. So
if you like that type of stuff, I'm sure
you enjoyed it. I'm sure a lot of people already saw it.
But we'll be doing another feature soon enough, right, Biz?
We're going to go smoke a joint and watch another one tonight.
Let's go watch the Malkovich one.
All right.
If it's there, I got another one in the shoot, too.
You ever see Drive with Ryan Gosling?
I saw that.
I like that one.
All right.
Well, maybe we'll do it.
He's a hunk.
He's Canadian, isn't he?
Yeah, he is.
Yeah, he's a stallion in Crazy Stupid Love.
Might be the biggest stallion.
Did you see Drive? I did see Drive. drive it's so weird great flick man i love that flick
that was good i i was i i found myself like into it even though it was so bizarre but i did like
it he's one of those superstar actors that never really gets caught up in the hollywood bullshit
he's always like off the grid i think because he's canadian that probably fact is fucking right
it's because he's gonna well you just like bieber they're completely normal you
must have saw la la land right the uh i never saw la la land you didn't know it's a delightful film
paul i haven't seen parasite yet either because i ain't fucking reading subtitles okay i gotta
read them they gotta they gotta come up with earbuds that read the subtitles do they have that
um possibly for hearing impaired i'm not sure i just i just read them up with earbuds that read the subtitles. Do they have that?
Possibly for hearing impaired.
I'm not sure.
I just read them. There's a high order read that reads the closed captions of a movie.
We need them.
I'll pay someone.
Let's go on Facebook or not.
Craigslist.
Wait, did you just say you want someone to read the subtitles for you?
Yeah, read my subtitles.
That's just the volume coming out of the TV.
No, no, no.
Not for Parasite.
It's not in the English language.
Grinnell.
I ain't that fucking stupid.
Come on.
Give me a little credit.
That's the guy cutting the tape here.
Any final thoughts you want to add before we close it out?
It's great.
For our first Tony episode?
It's great to be here.
It's great to be back together, boys.
We're just hitting our stride for this playoff.
And I just think there's so much good hockey in front of us.
You can tell it's just getting better and better.
So it's great to see you guys, and it's great to be back.
I love it.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
See you Monday.
Peace.
I don't know about my town.
Yeah, down by the river.
Down by the banks of the River Charles Oh, that's what's happening, baby
That's where you'll find me
Along with lovers, buggers and thieves
Oh, but they're cool people.
But I love that dirty water.
Oh,
Boston,
you're my home.
