Hey, Spit and Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spit and Chicklets is brought to you by BetDSI.com.
It's that time of year. The NHL playoffs are here once again,
and betting is the best time of year for us hockey gamblers.
Puck lines, live action, live lines, all the great bells and whistles that us degenerate hockey gamblers like, well, BetDSI has them all for us hockey gamblers. Puck lines, live action, live lines, all the great bells and whistles
that us degenerate hockey gamblers like,
well, BetDSI has them all for us.
BetDSI has got over 20 years in the business.
They're a top-rated business
on all the sports book review sites.
Fantastic mobile product that's easy use from anywhere.
Again, live in-game wagering,
which is one of my favorites.
You can bet the game during the game.
After a first period, second period, you like the way a team's going or not going,
want to throw something the other way, boom, there you go.
They got great customer service available 24-7, 365 days a year.
They built their reputation on fast payment of winnings.
So when you do cha-ching for a nice little empty net goal to pay out a puck line, boom,
you get the money nice and quick, no BS.
Free 25 just to try the service just for registering you're going to get a free 25 dollars
with a 200 bonus on your first deposit so log on to bet dsi.com with the promo code spit 200
again go to bet dsi.com the promo code spit 200 start gaming on the nhl playoffs today and win
some dough.
This episode is also brought to you by the goons at Spittin' Chicklets on Barstool Sports.
Let everybody out there know you're gassin' beers and chuckin' knucks and
supporting our show by rocking our official gear.
Go to barstoolsports.com slash chicklets and get your official
Spittin' Chicklets gear.
We have t-shirts in black and gold, red, white, and blue,
and Philly orange and black.
Several more on the way, but those are what we have now.
We also have the Spittin' Chicklets, gas and beers,
and Chuck and Nucks tank top available, so you can wear that.
Nice warm weather coming.
You're going to be outside drinking a few beers.
We'll show you Spittin' Chicklets spirit by wearing the gas and beers
and Chuck and Nucks tank top.
If you're not a musclehead like myself
and you prefer more of a t-shirt, we'll grab one of our world-famous t-shirts in our shop at
bostlesports.com slash chicklets. Load up on your chicklets gear. Show us that you're a fan of the
number one podcast in North America by loading up on the gear, as you were.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 29 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
We're here with Brian Whitney.
What up?
What up?
Number 29, huh?
Producer Mikey Grinelli.
How are we, boys?
And our recurring guest, Mr. Bissonette, Paul.
Biz Nasty, Bissonette.
Good morning, Paul.
Morning, guys.
Dude, how you feeling after the knee surgery, buddy?
I'm feeling all right.
Our team lost out of playoffs yesterday,
so I'm a little bummed out.
Fuck, buddy.
Yeah, it's not a good day, not a good start, but hey.
Hey, you know what?
We could turn it around with spit and chiclets.
I think first and foremost, the story on everyone's mind and the number one story in hockey right now
is the best player in the world going down with a concussion,
Sidney Crosby, is now out of Game 4.
And going forward, I don't know if we'll see him.
What did you guys think?
What was your reaction? Biz biz we'll start with you did you were you were you kind of on the board of like
niskanen's a scumbag what a dirty hit should be suspended or were you on the board of that's kind
of a hockey play and you know that whole bullshit people are talking about well i was i actually had
surgery that day so i kind of woke up to my Twitter kind of blowing up about it.
But, I mean, after watching it over and over, like, I mean, I can't really say he did it on purpose
because it happened so quick, but, I mean, I think the consensus is that he didn't really necessarily avoid
the kind of fall through on the cross check when he got him in a vulnerable spot.
But I guess when things like that happen,
you have to give the guy the benefit of the doubt
and think that he's really not trying to hurt a guy,
especially in real time like that.
Yeah.
For me, I watched the play, and first of all,
people are talking a lot about the Ovechkin slash.
Yeah.
Now, if you look at the play
In slow motion
Ovechkin went to kind of chop him in the midsection
So yeah, you can call a penalty for sure
But it hit his arm
And rode up, and then it kind of bounced off Ovechkin
And caught him in the head
I don't think that had anything to do with anything
If anything, Ovechkin made an impact by
When their left legs kind of collided Their left feet, or Ovechkin's an impact by when their left legs kind of collided, their left
feet or Ovechkin's right foot maybe,
and that's what brought Crosby down. So when he's
sliding across, Niskanen
is just, it's a natural
thing. You put your stick up. You put your stick
up to protect yourself, and you have no idea
really at that point that his head is at your
stick level. You haven't really, the play
happened so quick. Replay makes it look
way worse, but in terms of a suspension, it's not a suspension.
It really isn't.
It was a good call.
They kicked him out of the game.
Five-minute major.
But you cannot expect, like Don Cherry's saying four to five-game suspension, dude.
Come on.
Come on.
D.O.P.S. already came out and said they're not even looking at it.
And I agree.
Like, when you're watching slow motion, yeah, you can frame-by-frame it and it looks bad.
But when you watch it in real speed,
I mean, there's really nothing he could have done.
He's flying down the wing.
He's flying, and again, he has no idea Crosby's head is going to be at that level
when he puts his stick up to whether protect himself
or maybe even give him one of those kind of,
you're kind of trying to keep a guy away from you,
give him a little bit of a shot.
But, I mean, to watch it in full speed
and to think he intentionally hit him in the head
like that, I don't buy it. I mean,
the speed of that play was so friggin' fast.
And Niskanen, yeah, he's
not, I mean, he doesn't have a Matt
Cook reputation. I think he might have been suspended years
ago, but he doesn't have a bad reputation. He's not
a dirty player. They played together.
Exactly. I mean, you know.
They've shown the battles that they had
and that type of stuff is like,
okay, so they fought once when Niskanen was on Dallas?
That has nothing to do with anything.
People are reaching.
It was a really, is it misfortunate?
What's the word?
Unfortunate.
You know my vocab.
There was misfortune involved.
Unfortunate incident in which you get kicked out of the game,
you crush a guy in the head, I don't care how it happens,
you get kicked out five-minute major,
but it was a play that Niskanen, I do not think he had intent at any point to hurt Crosby.
Oh, no, I think any time something like that happens,
somebody has to be put to blame for it.
And I think we're in a case here where, you know,
there's a lot of frustration on the Penguins' side.
And, hey, I'm a Crosby fan too.
I feel like when he's out, it's like when Tiger's
not in golf.
That's the one comparison.
That's the other thing too, is the whole
Crosby concussion factor.
I saw right away, he's definitely
conked again.
At least his third.
It's a huge thing now. This is his future
health we're talking about now. It's not like, oh, let's get him back for the next game or the
next series. It's about, okay, is this guy going to play hockey again? I mean, he took a good wall
up. And as we know, each concussion is worse than the previous one. And you're more likely to get
one. So as a hockey fan, a fan of the sport, it's disheartening to see. I know Crosby's a lightning
rod. And a lot of people who aren't Pittsburgh fans tend not to like the guy.
But if you're a fan of the sport, man, this is disheartening to see because we don't know when this guy's going to be back.
I'll be shocked.
I'll be surprised if Pittsburgh does move on, which is going to be tough now.
I'll be surprised if we do see him the rest of the playoffs, to be honest with you.
Yeah, well, it's such a crazy game in
the fact that Washington...
So Pittsburgh goes into Washington. They win both games.
Crosby, by the way, was probably playing the best hockey
of his career. I know people say that constantly,
but he was sick.
The last year of his life
has been... He's been
dialed in. Yeah, it really
has been since that rough start
at the beginning of the year before. Since then, it's just been like since that rough start you know at the beginning of the year before
it was like since then it's just been a complete it's just domination so they go into washington
they win the first two games and you're like this fucking capitals team stinks like what a bunch of
pretenders they this was their year and they lose both at home the second game they get worked and
then you know you go to game three pittsburgh's. Crosby's driving the net with a chance to score.
And it was 0-0 at the time when that hit happened, right?
I'm pretty sure it was.
So he has a chance to score, make it 1-0.
He misses, gets cross-checked.
God knows when he's going to come back.
Hopefully it's this season.
If not, hopefully it's next season.
We just want to see him play again.
Washington goes on to win.
So it's like they were very close to going down, 1-0 in Game 3.
Washington's dead.
They're right back in it, and the best player in the world is out of the series.
It's just crazy how things switch.
Which obviously adds to all the drama involved
because it's just like the whole scenario that you just laid out.
People are thinking that's why it's intentional.
That's the only way they can beat them.
So there just seems to be a lot of drama involved,
and either way, it's just not good.
I'm hoping to see vintage Malkin.
That is what we could now see.
One thing.
09 Malkin.
The Penguins certainly, the last, well, basically the last period for sure,
they were playing like a team that knew Crosby wasn't going to be back.
Certainly not that game and probably the next couple games
because they were going balls to the wall to try to get that 3-0 lead
because they know we need as much of a lead as we can now if we're not going to have our captain.
It didn't work out for them.
If you were betting the caps the other night, it was quite the rollercoaster ride.
Oh, which I did.
Who else did they lose? Oh, well, that's another. Oh, which I did. Who else did they lose?
Oh, well, that's another thing we meant to bring up.
Who else did they lose?
Sheery.
Someone said they were playing with time forwards.
Well, so Sheery.
And so in a night when Crosby gets injured, right,
like you're not going to mention Connor Sheery, but he's out.
That's a huge loss for the Penguins.
And the weirdest thing about that play was Hornquist was the one who hit him.
He went to light up.
I don't even know who it was.
It was a defense from Washington.
He went to try to light him up and missed him.
The guy moved right out of the way and buried Sheery, who also has a concussion.
So you look at like two, I mean, one amazing forward and then this other guy who's played great.
And now it's like Washington down 2-0.
By the way, so when Washington went down 0-2 in the series, they were plus 390 to win the series.
I bet you right now they're maybe plus 120.
Yeah, it's probably a lot closer price.
I haven't even checked.
It almost seems like they're the favorites to win this series now.
How can they not?
I know, but how can they not?
Well, if they win tonight.
They're winning the series then if they win tonight, I think.
But you look at Washington, and so on the other side of the Pittsburgh's injuries
and what they're battling through, they don't even have LeTang.
That's been forgotten because he hasn't played in such a long time.
But you go to Washington, who has all these guys healthy.
Something about their team is just like, I don't know what it is.
Ovechkin, one of the best in the
world one of the best of all time and he just hasn't i haven't noticed him making a huge
difference in this series or even in the playoffs so far i think oh she's played really well um a
guy like kevin shattenkirk was was not playing great uh as well as he could play and then he
scores that huge goal so it just seems like the momentum's completely switched. And going forward, I don't know what's going to happen.
Was William there last year?
Yeah, he was.
He was.
I mean, he's been  that guy  how much of a gamer is that guy, by the way?
Justin Williams.
Yeah, he's a big game player.
Biz, you said it best to me earlier that he really is playing with the house's money.
It's like he's been so good in so many big games that at this point, he's like,
well, if i don't
score people are gonna just say oh that guy's amazing it doesn't matter like you can't go back
now and say justin williams isn't a big game player and has done it at the biggest stage of
his entire life so he's just he's so comfortable he just knows he's gonna get big goals and points
like he's he's been washington's best forward yeah i mean yeah it'd be like i mean i kind of
feel like it's like the Crosby thing.
Like once he got the one cup, like now the next one, the next one came, like, I wouldn't say easier, but like now it's like, okay, well, he's conquered that, you know, there's no pressure on him.
Whereas like, for instance, Ovechkin, there's a lot of pressure on him because he hasn't won that cup.
Right.
So, you know, he feels that.
Yeah.
In terms of like mental strength, I don't know if you guys saw holtby's quote i was really interested uh by this he he struggled in the first two games and one of the things he said
was that he talked to his sports psychologist in edmonton yeah and it made such a huge difference
and it's like people don't really realize like you you work out all your skills you work out
in the gym for all your muscles and like people just sometimes don't even
think about how important like working out your mind is and and so it sounds funny that like a
sports psychologist like people will say oh that's stupid what's that gonna do but you could tell
just refocusing and then like basically going back to little things that i'm sure he's talked about
this guy talked about with this guy before and you see how good he was in game three it's like
have you have you ever used a sports psychologist that had any examples of that really kind of helping your game?
Who, me?
Yeah, guy. You.
Earlier on, when I was playing under-7,
I think actually it was an under-18 camp,
and I think his name was Paul Henry.
I don't know if you know who that is.
Oh, Paul Henry.
But no, he just kind of helped with that side of it.
Wasn't the Holpe quote that he said it was a pretty wasn't the the holpy quote that they said he said it was a
a pretty like the biggest game of his life and then his sports psychologist said yeah but the
puck doesn't know that or something yeah yeah is that the quote exactly something like that you
that may sound corny but like when you're in the heat of a playoff series you don't know
you can't really yeah you know you hear things like that as and not playing as a fan you're like
no shit the puck doesn't know, dude.
It's rubber.
But it's just kind of like a funny thing as a goalie to hear where you're like, yeah, you're right.
It's just going to bounce the same way.
You prepare the same way you have all year in your whole life.
He's preparing the right way.
Now, I know Marchand used a sports psychologist a few years back.
He said it helped him a lot.
And I would think with a goalie,
it's probably even maybe better use or maybe a bigger deal
because a goalie is such a mental aspect.
I mean, obviously, in hockey, you need to be emotionally engaged.
You have to be skating.
You have to be physically involved.
You're constantly moving.
But the goaltender is such more of a mental aspect.
You just have to be  the mental approach is such a big part of that position.
And, yeah, I think talking to a guy who's especially not in the game,
who's kind of removed from it, I could see how that might work.
They're fucking bananas anyways.
Yeah, go ahead, Bez.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Well, just a good example of that.
So Peter Budai was our starting goalie.
What's that?
Flanders.
Yeah, yeah.
He was our starting goalie in Ontario, too.
Not this season, the last season.
And, you know, he was a little tired.
We used to give him a few days off because he was playing so many games.
And then when he got up to the Kings this year and quick went down,
I saw him at the team golf tournament where it was combined with the AHL
and NHL guys. And I was just talking to him. He's like, man, he goes, just like the team golf tournament where it was combined with um with the ahl and nhl guys
and i was just talking to him he's like man he goes just like the daily grind of being the starter
at the nhl level because like you're playing every other day too just like the mental aspect of it he
said he was like so he's so exhausted he said he couldn't wait for christmas break just to get like
a few days off yeah and you know that's just kind kind of coming from a guy who experienced it first hand.
Did they make the AHL guys caddy
for the NHL guys at that tournament?
No, we
played at the peasant course. We played at
the mini putt
course and they got to play at the nice course.
They're playing at Riviera
and you guys are down the road with the cheaper
sponsors at a mini golf course.
Cracker Jacks, yeah.
With the batting cages. Biz, did you happen are down the road with the cheaper sponsors at a mini golf course. At Cracker Jacks, yeah. With the batting cages.
Biz, did you happen to see the play last Tuesday night,
the Predators, when Edmondson buried Subban?
I knew you had surgery yesterday,
but he got buried near the boards between the red and blue lines.
They called Subban for an embellishment.
Did you happen to see that?
And if so, what did you think of that embellishment call?
I thought it was a bad call in that play.
But just from reading online, because I just kind of follow Twitter
through the games and see what all the drama is going on.
But apparently he tried to sell a few calls earlier on.
I don't know.
I wasn't watching the game.
But, I mean, yeah, I feel like the guy takes a lot of flack, that Subban. Everything he does is just kind of in the game. But, I mean, yeah, I feel like the guy takes a lot of flack, that Subban.
Everything he does is just kind of in the microscope.
I agree.
He's a magnet.
And I was saying to Ryan before we started recording that,
I tweet frequently during the playoffs, you know,
I'll call a shitty penalty or a good call or whatever.
I got probably ten times more reaction tweeting about the Subban embellishment hit
than I did any other play this playoffs.
He is a magnet
if it's personality or whatever
other factors, but he definitely draws
a response, very
heated replies, very emotional, but
the guy, I mean, he got fucking
buried. He got hit high and he
covered up his head.
He got a right to
protect himself and like you know a lot of people said well he embellished earlier in the game i
says well how would you like to get pulled over going fucking 40 miles an hour and the cop said
well you sped 16 times in your life and i'm getting you now that's not how it works exactly
no it's it it was it was a horrible call and then with all all the dancing stuff he got made fun of for by Milbury where
I mean like
Brent Burns does that every game and nobody
once mentioned it and then all of a sudden he does it.
And it's, you know, you gotta hear about it from
Milbury. Right, that's another thing too.
I don't know if you saw it, Wits. He was
pre-game, still being
warming up. There was a song on, he's
bobbing his head, he's kind of moving around
vibing to it, playing with the pucks.
Milbury says he looks like a clown out there.
I'm like, shut up.
You just sound like an old, cranky motherfucker.
Like you just said,
Brent Burns does it, the same thing. Plenty of
guys are out there shimmying and doing
whatever and having fun. How the fuck
is that distracting his teammates out there?
Honestly, it's not.
I don't even know that.
I'm not the type of guy to dance around
because I'm more worried about getting my face bashed in
and I'm not actually having a good time out there.
But hey, man, if I was like a skill guy
and hockey was fun to me,
yeah, I'd be dancing out there too.
Did you see the Rangers in the Rangers pregame?
I don't know what players they were.
Oh, yeah, they were playing football.
Yeah, they were playing football.
Like one of them, like pretend he was a quarterback,
took the puck, like one Ranger hiked the puck to another ranger.
Another guy went deep.
If that's not more fucking around than standing and plays dancing,
I don't know what is.
So why the double standard?
I mean, fucking call it all out.
Sometimes my imagination gets going.
So have you seen a lot now that the guys will bring their kids down to the glass and stuff?
Yeah, they all take the picture pregame with the kid and his dad holding hands through the glass.
It seems like every guy's doing it,
and it's getting a little ridiculous,
which I thought it would be funny to do an SNL skit type
where they do one guy taking a picture with his kid,
and the next thing, the guy's changing the kid's diaper
in the Marigold round line before they do the two-on-ones.
Or like the guy's side piece comes down with their kid
and then both kids are there giving him a double high-five.
It's like pissing over his shoulder and it's like hitting the guys in line.
Or if a girl got knocked up by the wrong person
and brought the kid to the game.
Yeah.
Honestly. up by the wrong person and brought the kid to the game? Yeah. Or he goes and does a lap
with it in one of those harnesses around
its chest.
Baby Buick.
You know what I'm saying?
You just would drag it out like Family Guy style.
Like when he's fighting the chicken
and he just literally fights the chicken the entire
episode? Yeah, he's got shit on his face
and he's going around doing a two-on-one.
Because he changed a kid's diaper.
And then he's dancing in warm-ups, and Milbury's charming him.
But when it comes to, like, people say all the time, like, oh, Milbury said this.
Like, I got buddies who, you know, they watch all the playoff games, and Milbury's on, I feel like, every night.
I'm like, dude, just, it's, at this point, it's, point it's like just whatever he says who gives a fuck
like he's solely doing it like to have this persona of like the grumpy old mike milbury the gm who
hates fun yeah and hates the new age like the guy is just i wonder if he's he's he's kind of
i don't want to give him too much credit i don't wonder if he's smart about it though
like where he wants to be like the steven a where he comes out of left field and he has these crazy takes where you're getting so much reaction
where people just want to fuck you, the television, because he's saying what he's saying.
But they're also watching him.
But they're also watching him.
Exactly.
Exactly.
It's like every show like that is on ESPN now is like that.
I think it's genuine.
I think he's just like
an older guy, an old school guy.
And the fact is, what he's saying is
what was accepted
25 years ago, that was the norm.
It was the way things were in the game and
society, whatever. So he just, like a lot
of older guys, he hasn't really changed or
adapted. And that's fine. He doesn't have to.
He just, you know, he has
views that kind of honest
maybe haven't progressed along with maybe others so i i know i mean i i'm not a i actually like
milbury i like sometimes what he does but when that you know when you're calling out a guy for
dancing before a game call him a clown i don't really agree with that but i think he represents
kind of the old uh the old god sort of national hockey league way of thinking yeah there's so
many other things to worry about
than worried about a guy dancing and treating him warm-ups.
Dude, if a guy plays good, if a guy has to get ready a certain way
and every time he's playing well, I don't care if I'm a coach
and he's cranking it and that's his warm-up in the bathroom stall.
If that's how you get ready for games, dude,
I don't care what you do to get ready for games at all, as long as you're ready. You saw that
Guy Boucher came out and said, Eric
Carlson's the first player I've ever seen that literally
doesn't need to practice. He goes, he doesn't
need to practice. I know
that sounds weird as a coach, but every game
he's amazing and he doesn't really practice, he doesn't
need to. So, in that case, who cares?
People bring up
what people do before games and stuff.
As long as they're playing good. Yeah, if someone's playing bad, alright, you might want to change it up, but do before games and stuff, as long as they're playing good.
Yeah, if someone's playing bad, all right, you might want to change it up.
But if people are playing good, I don't care one fuck what they do.
Rub and rub.
As a coach, too, you're just like, man, leave the guy alone.
Let him do his thing.
Yeah, keep playing well, dude, and keep doing whatever you want.
I don't care.
Rub and rub before a game cannot be good for the legs, though.
I'm sorry.
I don't know.
Maybe, dude. Maybe. You never know. Women weaken legs. Some guys do it. Hands don't care. Rubbing well before a game cannot be good for the legs, though. I'm sorry. I don't know. Maybe, dude.
Maybe.
You never know.
Women weaken legs.
Some guys do it.
Hands don't, though.
I played with some kids that used to do that.
That's crazy, dude.
I got an OTPHJ before a JV hoop game once, and that was the worst game of my life.
JV?
Yeah, right.
Anyways, we got an interesting email from one of our followers Pertaining to you, Mr. Biz
We cleared it with you first to tell the story
So Grinnelli, take it away
Wait, what email?
Oh, this is the text?
Oh, the text, I'm sorry
Oh, okay
Oh, Biz, so my buddy says
I need to hear this
Like a month and a half ago, shoots me a text and says
Out of the blue
And this is a kid I went to high school with
You know, I haven't really talked to him much in a few years.
Texts me out of the blue and says, true story, sophomore year of college,
at Country Fest wearing, and this kid looks exactly like you.
And he says, at Country Fest.
Big snout.
Oh, yeah.
At Country Fest wearing a denim vest and jorts with a J's hat on.
Chick ran up to me and goes, are you biz nasty?
I looked at her and said, oh yeah
babe. Turned on the fake Canadian accent.
Hooked up with her the whole concert
and then she blew me in a port-a-potty.
Biz, you legend. You got this.
Get some dome.
He told me that story the other day and
I don't think I've ever been more proud
as corny and cheesy as that
sounds, but I was so happy.
In a porta party, that girl's a fucking class act.
That's unreal.
Nine months later, she was banging on the glass
at a fucking game, but you were playing at biz
with her baby there.
Oh, God.
That's probably those emails I got.
All the happy Father's Day cards you get every year.
Have you been
watching the Nashville
St. Louis series
at all, Biz?
Yeah, a little bit.
I didn't see what went on yesterday.
There was a bad penalty called
apparently.
The first thing about Nashville
is that R.A. has money on them to win the Cup.
They, like, realistically could win the Cup at this point.
Their defense...
They look really good.
Ekholm, Ellis, Subban, and Yossi is the best top four in hockey.
It's got to be.
Yeah, and they're clicking right now.
They're on top of the game.
Ellis is on fire.
Dude, I didn't know much about Ellis before this year.
I know we've talked about him a lot because of what he's done.
Right now, he would probably win the Conn Smythe.
Right now, you're going on MVPs in the playoffs.
Baby Pecorine, who has, I think, what is he, 701?
But just that team is, and I love that they keep winning,
and you just get to see more Carrie Underwood in the stands.
I love seeing Carrie Underwood in the stands.
Yeah, it's just growing the game, and they're just killing it right now.
It's hard.
I think that Anaheim would give them more problems than Edmonton,
but that's just me.
Same here.
I think Anaheim would  I would pick them to beat Nashville,
but I think Nashville would beat Edmonton.
But going to that Anaheim-Edmonton series,
one of the coolest plays of this season I saw was in game three.
I know, I'm sure you guys saw it.
I don't know if you guys saw the line change play that Anaheim did to score their first goal the other night in game three.
It was unreal.
So they won the faceoff back.
They won the faceoff back, right?
Oh, yeah.
Gets his pass.
Yeah, they're in the defensive zone.
Cogliano sprints straight to the bench, and he changes on the closest end to the goalie, where the D are.
At the same time, Ricard Raquel, or is it Richard Raquel?
I don't know.
Ricky Rako.
Whatever.
Raquel.
He comes bombing off the forwards end of the bench behind the Edmonton D,
gets left, throws a 110-foot rocket pass on his stick,
buries it, break away, and they're up 1-0.
And it was like, what a cool play.
And it's actually the fact that Randy Carlisle is the one who probably designed it
makes me a little bitter, but that was just awesome.
That was really, really, like that's some awesome hockey to see.
And that was another game.
I bet on Anaheim that night because I'm like, there's no way they're going.
I just couldn't see them going down 3-0.
Wait, when you say you bet, like you mean you just like you legit bet
or you just like say you bet?
No, I legit bet.
I actually hammer him.
I actually laid the wood to him.
We tell no lies on this podcast.
This is a truth podcast?
No, because if you work with the NHL Network, if that's legal or anything.
Maybe now it isn't.
This could have just really hosed me, but I've been bringing it up since we started this podcast, episode 29.
That's why the people at NHL Network are like never like god he's into that tying goal late in
that colorado carolina game that ryan really loves the overtimes doesn't he yeah why was he
screaming why was he screaming when the team made it five to four when they were already up you know
they were down five to three like they just still lost oh because i had the puck line but i mean
looking at that series i think that you know um i was interested to see, I don't know what you think, Biz.
Todd McClellan was a little, for my taste,
open in terms of kind of giving it to McDavid after that game to the media.
He mentioned when Connor checks and plays really well defensively,
his offense is even better.
In this game, he didn't, and he really didn't.
There was a couple fly-by plays he had.
He was on the ice for three even-strength goals against.
But what do you think about a coach in terms of Crosby, McDavid, Ovech?
Actually, you want to talk to him in the locker room, that's fine,
but do you agree with them kind of going to the media
in terms of going after the superstar on the team?
I just don't.
Yeah, I don't think that was super aggressive,
but I think that McDavid's the type of guy where it's going to wake him up.
He's not going to just pout and sulk.
So, you know, sometimes it's good.
I mean, McClellan knows what he's doing.
He's a very good coach, and I'm sure he knows how to push his guys' buttons.
Okay, so in terms of a very good coach, I just immediately remember this.
I know we're in the middle of the Anaheim series,
but can you tell me this Babcock story you won't tell me?
You've said I have to say it for the podcast,
so coaching reminded me I need that one.
So when I first came on the podcast,
I was in the process of selling my house in Scottsdale.
So my realtor is one of my best friend's brothers
who used to play hockey, and he just retired.
He finished his career over in Germany.
But he was bouncing around the A a little bit.
He was mostly in the coast.
I think he was a fourth-rounder.
He got a decent signing bonus with Nashville.
That's who he was drafted with and signed by.
And it never really panned out.
So he said he heard me on spit and chiclets and i was
like oh yeah did you hear the commodore one when he was you know ripping on babcock and you know
he's like oh he goes i haven't told you my babcock story so i was like i was like oh god i was like
no oh i love this i don't know where this is going i love it yeah so the so okay so let's go back a little bit um commodore is convinced that
babcock basically had uh him signed in detroit to bury healthy scratch him and sewer him for a
whole year yep which a lot of people who listen to this probably think he's delusional and and
you know everyone's probably always like oh you, maybe he wasn't playing well. There could be other factors. Now, I'll say this.
After hearing this story, there is very well a possibility that Mike Babcock did, in fact,
have this guy signed just to throw him under the bus for a full season.
Oh, my God.
What are you doing to this kid?
I've never had an issue with Mike Babcock.
He's always been nice to me.
I guess this kid liked my Twitter.
He asked me for a picture one time
so i've never had an issue with babcock humblebrag story so he's playing he was up for 15 games with
the cincinnati ducks the year of the lockout now this guy basically had a cup of coffee in the
american league um so he was playing decent in his first 14 games his 15th game was when cincinnati they
traveled to i think it was called the the arrowhead what's the old duck stadium the pond
yeah yeah the same place so they were they were playing against the grand rapids griffins who was
detroit's farm team at the time during the lockout year just to kind of do like a promotional game
in anaheim because there was no hockey going on.
So Babcock is the head coach of the Anaheim Ducks at this time,
so he's going to go watch the guys.
So Sean O'Connor, my buddy, he's a plug.
He's on the bench taping a stick before the game.
He's excited.
He's playing in an NHL rink.
So he's taping a stick on the bench, and Babcock walks out,
and he's looking straight ahead. He doesn't even look at my buddy Sean.
So he kind of starts grazing around the arena, looking around.
Then he goes to my buddy Sean.
He goes, pretty nice rank, eh?
And my buddy kind of nervously is like, yeah, yeah, it's amazing.
I'm super pumped to play.
And he's not looking at him, sorry?
He's not even looking at him?
Still hasn't even looked at him.
Wait, wait. He never did.
He never did look at him.
When Sean
answers back, yeah, it's amazing.
He goes, yeah, I will enjoy it
because this will be the last time you ever play a game
in an NHL arena.
And then he
walked back down the hallway
and I have the text right here.
I said, how did you play after that?
And he was like dashed two.
He had two penalties.
He went to hit a defenseman, went over the bench.
He went out.
Cronwall was his point man.
Cronwall pump faked him.
He slid.
Cronwall walked around and went far down. he said he had the worst game of his life
And then that was it
That was the rest of his AHL career
He never played another AHL game
Oh my god, that was the last
AHL game of his career
After Brad Puck said you will never sniff
An NHL arena again
They flew
They flew back the next day
And I think he said he had to
go on the ice and skate with the other guys
who didn't play or whatever
and then he was sent down the next day
and then even
back then they used to dress
an extra forward he told me in the American League
was there like 13 forwards he used to dress?
yeah
so he played in San Antonio for the year before
that and he said in the 50 games he
played in san antonio he might have had like 80 shifts and uh one game like he was like a scrappy
guy not tough but he would do it and before the game one game he was like joshing with that uh
with thornton oh yeah um what's his first name the one one who was in Boston. Sean.
Yeah, Sean Thornton.
Joshing with him.
They go out.
They sing the anthem.
And while the anthem is being sung, the head coach looks at him and goes,
what the fuck are you doing on the bench?
And then he looks at the assistant.
The assistant forgot to tell him he wasn't playing.
So after the anthem was done, he had to skate across the ice. And basically was embarrassed by the whole arena.
But luckily, he didn't have to fight Thornton. And i guess thornton caved that grant mcneil's
face in that game and he was like oh dodged a bullet dude i uh sean um sean thornton one of
the sickest stats ever only guy to play 600 ahl games and over 600 nhl games because if you're
down in the minors for 600 games,
there is no part of your brain that thinks you'll ever reach 100 NHL games,
let alone 600.
So that career has been amazing.
He's got two cups, too.
What a fucking dick, man.
What a fucking dick.
To go up to a kid...
I'm sure he would deny that,
but fuck is that bad.
And we suck, so we're able to laugh about it.
And, like, you know, he doesn't take himself seriously,
but that's a ballsy thing to say.
Oh, that's just completely, like, burying a kid
who's probably as fired up for a game as he's ever been.
Fucking garbage boy.
Yeah.
I love that they were trying to, like, you know,
make sure hockey wasn't forgotten,
bringing the Grand Rapids Griffins versus the Cincinnati Ducks
in Edmonton. There must have been
800 people at that
game. Yeah, I don't
know. He said he had a rough night, though. He said he
was just a mental midget after Babcock said
that to him. He said he couldn't recover.
Oh, that is getting sued.
You'll like this story. You know
Ned Haven, right? My buddy Ned Haven.
Yeah, I played with him. He played hockey at BC, so he's I actually, you'll like this story. You know Ned Haverin, right? My buddy Ned Haverin. Yeah.
Neddy.
Neddy played hockey at BC.
So he's playing on the coast.
He gets called up to the Wilkes-Barre Penguins.
He's in the AHL.
And the head coach of the team he's playing against is, what's his name?
He played for BU and then he coached Colorado.
Joe Sacco.
Oh, yeah.
So he's a local guy.
He's from Medford.
Rowan's assistant. Yeah.
Ned Haverin's from Arlington. And somehow assistant Yeah Ned Havern's from You know Arlington
And somehow the coach of Wilkes-Barre
I think it was Todd Richards at the time
Forgot to put his name on the sheet
He was playing fourth line
And like on the lineup sheet
So he gets up there for the
Gets out there for his first shift
It's a defensive zone faceoff
This is his first game in the AHL
The ref comes up to him
Hey Havern
Sorry buddy
You gotta go He's like What do you mean? He's like Coach didn't put you in on the lineup sheet This is his first game in the AHL. The ref comes up to him. Hey, Haverin, sorry, buddy. You got to go.
He's like, what do you mean?
He's like, coach didn't put you in on the lineup sheets.
He had to skate by both.
I was on his team the year that happened.
It was in Wilkes-Barre.
Oh, you were there for that?
And Joe Sacco, the coach who actually went to the ref, was like,
hey, that guy's not on the lineup.
A fourth liner from Boston.
You probably know who he is, and you're burying this kid.
Yeah, I was playing with him.
I was on the fourth line. If they did
let him play though, would that somehow
nullify the game or something?
Well, nowadays some fucking nerd on the internet
would see it and report it.
You know what I'm saying?
I've heard
of a guy missing.
He never played an NHL game. He got
called up and the coach forgot to
write his name down and he couldn't play. Then he never played an NHL game. He got called up and the coach forgot to write his name down and he
couldn't play and then he never played another NHL
game. So he missed his one opportunity
because of that.
Oh my God. Jesus.
That's a kick in the dick. Dick coach
stories. That just killed the buzz on the
podcast. Sorry, boys. No, it's alright.
We're going to bring it to our final
segment here when we take questions from listeners.
The All Right Hamilton segment.
We're going to probably brief.
We've got to find out if this Babcock story is true.
I mean, my buddy wouldn't lie to me, obviously.
That's all we need here.
I bet it is.
Yeah, I mean, I'll bet it is.
He would deny it.
We'll never find out it's the truth,
but you've got to believe the player before the coach.
Hey, did I ever tell you that they were down?
I think they were down 3-0 in a playoff series,
and I want to say it was a year we won the calder cup and uh he called me and
mike babcock dude he asked me to come to his charity golf tournament when when they're when
i answered the phone i was like hello he's like hey paul he's like this mike mike babcock and i
was like i was like a good one i'm like only And I thought it was this guy on our team pulling a prank.
So for like a minute,
I went back and forth
with this guy telling him
it wasn't Mike Babcock.
And finally I was like,
geez,
because then his,
the lady who was running
the charity golf tournament
actually emailed me.
So it was legit.
Yeah.
But we couldn't go.
Oh, did you go?
We ended up winning the color cup.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal. All right, we got, we got Money Hall right in Hamilton. Yeah. But we couldn't go. Did you go? Because we ended up winning the Calder Cup. Not a big deal. Not a big deal.
All right.
We got an Annie Hall right in Hamilton.
Yeah.
By the way, we didn't even say one thing about New York-Ottawa, but New York had a big win.
So, I mean, that series is really tight.
I don't really think whoever wins will win the next round.
So be a Ranger, Sanders.
Imagine an Anaheim-Ottawa final.
It would be the worst final.
Or Nashville-Ottawa.
We got Anaheim, Ottawa in 07.
I'm rooting for Nashville, Ottawa.
Then I'm a guaranteed fucking winner.
Nashville, Ottawa and Gary Bettman will be hanging
by the NHL offices
in a noose. That would just be horrendous.
Getting booed.
Boo.
First, alright, Hamilton.
By request of RA, we have an
emails listener that says,
How many games do you think an NHL team could win?
Or Greg Goldman.
Holy fuck, Greg Goldman.
How bad did you want that?
Shut up.
Shut up.
How many games do you think an NHL team would win if they could play the whole season shorthanded?
I think the Vegas over-under would be set at two, but I'm not sure if they'd win a single game.
All right, Hamilton.
Wow.
So every single game, every shift, they're down five on four, and then when they get penalties, it's five on three?
Yeah.
Wow.
I didn't even think of that part.
Yeah.
They wouldn't win a game.
Wait, wait.
Yeah, there's no way.
I mean, no.
Even just say five on four, just hypothetically, because obviously it's a fucking game.
No, they wouldn't win a game.
You're on the power play the whole fucking game like that.
Yeah.
Like Greg.
Was it Greg?
Greg, yeah.
Greg was probably just so stoned one night.
He's like, oh, this question, man, it's going to crush it on chicklets, man.
In his defense, he only set the over-under at two.
It's not like he said 12 and a half.
I mean, you know.
I know, but still, that's like two, you might as well say 50.
How fun would it be playing that team and third-line guys like,
I'm going to get a shift on the peepers tonight.
Stat night, boys.
I think, honestly, though, if you took the Red Wings of the 90s
versus the 91, 92 Senators, I think it might be a debate.
Yeah, but then we're changing years.
I know.
It's a fucking hypothetical.
Or was it just a hypothetical?
No, just a pure hypothetical. What the over-under in Vegas would be on that.
And the guy, yeah, he said two games, like two wins.
So it wasn't like he was thinking, like, oh, someone's going to stop.
Maybe they would sneak one out, but I'm going to say no chance.
You'd be so tired just killing every shift.
A better question would have been, like, if, like, a college team got to play in the NHL
and they're on the game, they're on the PP the whole game.
How many games would they lose?
That would be a great question, actually.
I don't know.
It depends on if it's like Mercyhurst or fucking BU.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
By the way, people talk about, this just reminds me, killing penalties.
I was killing penalties at the beginning of my career,
and I remember an assistant coach in Pittsburgh at the time, Andre Savard.
This guy was nuts.
He came up to me, and he's like, Ryan, I'm sorry.
We're not going to use you on the kill anymore.
Like, he was talking to me, like, don't worry about it.
I was so happy.
I'm like, yes.
I'm like, dude, you think I wanted to be out there killing penalties?
It's miserable. You're getting
clappers ripped at your
feet.
I was so bad at clearing the puck,
dude. That was what killed me. I'd win the faceoff right back
to me. I'd try to rip one around the glass.
Would just stay on the ice. Guy would keep it in.
Oh, my God.
By the way, Darnell Nurse in the series.
Go back and look at
Game 3 of Anaheim-Edmonton. Darnell Nurse in the series, go back and look at game three of Anaheim-Edmonton.
Darnell Nurse had the worst turnover in the history of this year's playoffs.
He just rimmed it right around the boards, right to Getzlaff, who went in and sniped.
Yeah, was it Gerrard?
He had a bad buddy pass to the other team in that fucking Rangers game.
He's a well-in boy.
He's from home.
We'll drop that. We'll drop that.
We'll drop that.
We'll drop that.
All right, Grinnelli,
next question.
All right, so Sam Gruss
asks,
which player spent more time
in front of the mirror
before and after games?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh.
Hmm.
I never,
oh, man,
I used to play with this guy
named Chris Kalanos.
He used to spend
quite a bit of time.
Oh, I played with Special K played with special k dude yay this this guy i didn't mind i never had
an issue with many guys but this guy rubbed the guys the wrong way he was he's probably one of
the worst guys ever right oh i mean i it's funny i didn't like dislike him either i really really
didn't but he the way he carried himself, guys were like,
he was a high pick. He was nasty at Boston
College.
He never really turned into that
NHL score. Then he'd be in
the AHL walking around like,
dude, you're in the AHL.
You're not an NHL superstar
and you're carrying yourself. He wasn't
even getting 50 goals in the AHL.
It was like, he loved loved himself the way he looked though in the mirror any special state case story do you
have any stories you know what i'm pissed off because i should maybe maybe that means you're
the guy ryan i know maybe i was like the other special k guy special wit um no i i think scuderi
would have like a bunch i i just i just i I just remember him looking in the mirror and loving himself.
NHL, I'm trying to think.
Dude, I remember I was actually
styling my hair before I'd go out
for warm-ups with no helmet on.
I wear a helmet. I wasn't about
that. I never did my hair or anything.
You have black person hair.
You don't have really hair you can style.
That's true.
I would sometimes go without a helmet, but like I was never like like I would sometimes
go without a helmet but for the most part towards
the end ever since that Taylor Hall thing
happened I always put a helmet on after that
that was the fuck most disgusting thing
I've ever seen but when he got stepped
on or whatever yeah that
ruined that ruined no buckets which is the best
part of the NHL for like every team no Bucky
warm-ups it's the best it's the best part
about the league Sheldon Surrey,
I would see that guy being in the mirror a lot.
I'm buddies with Sheldon, but he
always got the slick back going.
That guy's good looking as shit.
He definitely looks like a guy who spent some time in front of the mirror
before a game.
Alright, what else we got?
Juno Hockey asked,
most embarrassing moment of you guys' careers?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, man.
Fuck.
On the ice?
On or off the ice.
Either or.
Go ahead, Whit.
I don't know.
I got to think of one.
Have I told the story on this podcast when I buried Fleury skating back when we were down?
Mark, I agree.
It was the game after.
You can go look. We lost to Edmonton at home
It was when Terrian ripped on the team
This soft pussy defenseman
And he ripped on us
And then we got to Columbus the next night
And he ripped on us then in video
And then we gave up a goal in the first shift
We ended up losing 7-0 in the game
At one point in the game
It was probably like 5 or 4-0 at the time
We're on the power play
Puck gets dumped out of the zone And and I have like a bunch of speed,
so I'm like looping into the off-zone.
It gets cleared.
I'm flying back for the puck.
I don't even know why.
I was going.
Scuderi actually said, you were going so fast by our bench to go get the puck.
Fleury comes out to stop it.
It was like I hit.
It was like somebody put a two-by-four right in front of me as I'm skating,
flying into him.
I just toe pick, go flying down.
He tries to hop over me.
He goes flying in the air, and I bury into the boards.
He's out of the net, and some guy just came
and I think stuffed one right into the open net.
I was like, I came back to the bench, and guys were legit.
We were down like 6-0.
Guys were legit just laughing, like trying to hide their face.
I was like, oh, my God.
I don't know if I have anything funny
on the ice like that.
Do you ever get beat up bad?
Oh, yeah. I don't think so.
Well, we already talked about that. That Jeremy
Jablonski used to pump me.
Just ripping steroids.
I don't know about anything that embarrassing, guys.
I can't think of anything off the top of my head.
Me?
My most embarrassing moment was the first six times they put me on the ice
skate and rinked down Charlestown from the movie The Town.
That was probably my, you know, with the fucking milk crate and all face plant after face plant.
You were in that movie?
Oh, you just happened to ask?
Oh, yeah.
Matter of fact, let me take out my gun and put it in my mouth now.
Yeah, I wasn't extra in The Town.
I actually grew up in that town, too.
Yeah, if you blink, you'll miss the reflection of my
fat head in the mirror in the bathroom.
You and all Yandel's uncles?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, wow, you're going to go there.
They're from Tolstown.
He told me those are all his uncles and stuff.
Yeah, no, I know
Yandel's all his uncles pretty well, too.
Legends. Yeah, his uncle Paul, he's a G-O-A-T.
I had a really bad one one time.
Oh, yeah?
I was banging this broad at center base, right?
So I made the switch my senior year from forward to defense.
Some of our defense got hurt.
Team guy stepped up.
That's a team player, man.
Team player, team player.
So I was like a third line forward, though.
I would have got buried.
So first game of the year, Gantz would have got buried. First game of the year.
Gantz-Wilmer. Big game. Huge game.
And my buddy, Captain,
looks at me and says, I'm going to win this
face-off. Clean back to you.
Get the shot on net. I have the
whole crowd just ripping on me. Ripping
on my mom. Ripping on my girlfriend. Really?
Digging into me. Going after Grinelli.
Yep. Wins it back.
Completely fan on a slap shot.
Kid walks in and scores.
I didn't play the next few games.
That's all right, dude.
You'll always remember that moment when the fans were ripping on you.
That's still pretty cool.
You made me feel good about myself.
You know, fans don't boo nobodies.
Exactly.
Derek Jeter slash Ryan Whitney.
All right.
So the next one is,
do hockey A. Turner A. asks,
do players ever pick out smokes in the stands like the miracle scene?
Oh, for sure.
1,000.
I mean, if at any point you're benched in a game,
and you're not going back out there,
what else is there to do?
You're looking in the stands.
You're just like, oh, my God, look at over there.
Oh, my God.
I mean, I've seen guys.
I'm not going to say who.
I've seen guys chuck pucks into the stands.
I've also seen a guy get a note thrown to him from a rocket walking off the ice at Madison Square Garden with her number.
Just call me.
And I was like, oh, my God, was that to me?
No, no, no.
It's to the other guy right behind you.
So, I mean, that happens for sure.
Now, in baseball, like, obviously, guys spy women.
Now, what they'll do is they'll send a bat boy up there or, you know, one of the clubhouse boys.
Now, what would a hockey player do in that situation?
You see a rocket in the stands.
You want to get her number or a word to a
is there somebody on the staff that you can send up there?
Obviously not an equipment guy.
Hey, isn't there a story about, like, a Pittsburgh goalie
getting a blowjob in, like, their dressing room during a game?
Yes, I've always
I don't want to say names because I don't know if it's true or not.
I'm pretty sure it's true. I'm not going to say names because I don't know if it's true or not. I'm pretty sure it's true.
I'm not going to say names because I don't know the guy.
But this man did...
And it's not a current player.
This guy was in Long Island at the Nassau Coliseum.
And apparently, that's where the goalie sat.
Not on the bench.
He was over where you exit to go to the locker room.
It might have been one of the cheerleaders, actually.
Yeah, and he's just like, hey, there's a timeout here.
Why don't we go back into the locker room?
Let me take my...
He probably left his pads on, actually.
Are we sure it wasn't a pregame ritual?
It was...
No, that's Grinnelli's high school teammates.
Because the Islanders used to have really cute ice girls.
And I want to say it was one of the ice girls.
And he brought her back and, yeah, during the game.
Man, it takes two to tango.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, I'm sure that stuff goes on in minor league baseball all the time.
I think it's almost a fact that Magic Johnson used to crush girls at halftime at the Great Western Forum.
Like, I'm pretty sure that's sure that's a known fact, actually.
Pretty sure it's a known fact is an interesting
sentence, but I'm going to go with it's a
known fact. I am.
Perfect. I'll take it.
Interesting. Good answers from everybody.
All right, Hamilton, was brought to you
by The Normal Brand.
Do you ever walk into a store and think, who are these
clothes made for? Preppy pink polos,
ultra-trendy shirts with disco patterns, and jackets made for climbing Mount Everest. I just want a normal shirt,
something that's not super preppy and ultra-trendy. Insanely comfortable fabrics, great colors,
you know, some subtle but significant details. These are clothes I actually want to wear every
day. The ones that fit great and are super comfortable. So started by brothers in their
parents' basement,
these guys quit their miserable jobs to do something they loved.
Make normal shirts.
Thousands of guys around the country now wear them every day.
So join the movement to create a better normal.
They use incredible fabrics that pay attention to the little details
so when you put on these normal shirts for the first time,
it feels like that favorite shirt you've had for years.
They use knit blends and wash down woven fabrics
to create that I want to wear this every day kind of feel.
I wear the normal brand because just like barstool,
it's for the common man.
I like normal, comfortable shirts
that doesn't look like I'm going out clubbing in them.
I got myself a couple of Dolby shirts
as well as a few polos shirts for the summer.
So whether it's a button
down, polo, Henley, t-shirt or hat, I'm wearing Normal Brand every day. So start your summer off
looking and feeling good by picking up some new clothes at thenormalbrand.com. You'll get 15
off your order at thenormalbrand.com when you use our code CHICKLETS. That's thenormalbrand.com when you use our code CHICKLETS.
That's thenormalbrand.com.
Enter CHICKLETS for 15 off your order.
The Normal Brand, a better normal shirt.
All right, so basically, Biz, what do you got going on now?
You're recovering from surgery.
You had some injuries this year.
What's your future looking forward?
Anything you've gone over yet? Are you still mulling things over or what?
No, I just, like I said, I just
had, oh, I tore
my right ACL at the start of the year. I
tried to rehab and come back in my first game
back. I tore my left
ACL and meniscus.
So I just
had surgery on that. I mean, that's
probably why I'm such a bummer on the podcast
today. I'm just marinating here in my
bedroom.
I smell terrible. I got a
piss bucket beside me.
I'm pretty pathetic right now.
Post-surgery is the worst, man.
Honestly, you just got to chew
on a couple perks, melt into the couch
and you'll feel better, buddy. I'm feeling for you
right now, man.
It was good talking to you guys.
Honestly, Biz, thank you. We'm feeling for you right now, man. I know. It was good talking to you guys. You know, it just cheered me up.
Honestly, Biz, I mean, thank you.
We can hear it when you first called us, you know,
that you're obviously a little under the weather with surgeries,
and you're away out on the West Coast.
So we can't thank you enough, particularly on this week, for coming on.
You're a hockey guy.
Team guy.
You're toughed it out.
Hockey tough. Hockey tough.
Hashtag hockey guy.
And we appreciate it immensely.
Okay, boys. Thanks for having me on. All right, buddy. Hang in there. Hockey tough. Hashtag hockey guy. And we appreciate it immensely. Okay, boys.
Thanks for having me on.
All right, buddy.
Hang in there.
You're the man, bitch.
Next time I'll get you a jolt cola, eh?
Before we start.
A jolt cola?
Oh, yeah.
That was that.
The RA had to bring up something from the 80s.
It was like 1980s cola.
I think it had like methamphetamine or something in it.
It was like triple the caffeine of regular coke.
All right, Biz.
Listen, buddy.
You're the man, dude.
It's the same old thing as yesterday.
There's a black hat caught in a high treetop.
There's a flagpole rack and the wind won't stop. I have stood here before inside the pouring rain.
With the world turning circles running round my brain.
I guess I'm always hoping that you'll end this with me.
But it's my destiny to be the king of rain.
There's a little black spot on the sun today. hi i'm jeremy parish from the retronauts podcast a show about classic video games
we're exploring gaming's history every week we talk about classic video games and how the medium's
past feeds into the industry and culture of today want to know more about the people who made
destiny what's the story behind mario and yes of today. Want to know more about the people who made Destiny?
What's the story behind Mario?
And yes, we even explain why they call it Final Fantasy when there's 15 of the things.
From arcade classics to the latest retro releases,
Retronauts covers it all.
Subscribe to us on iTunes or right here on the Podcast One network.
Listening to Retronauts won't help you build your gamer score,
but you'll rock at bar trivia.
