Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. I'm gonna tell you a big fat story, baby.
It's all about my town.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 290 of Spittin' Chip.
It's presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Biz, we got one week down in Boston.
Seemed to fly by a little bit.
What's here for the show?
Our boy, Brinelli, our new cameraman, Chase.
What's your impression so far, Biz?
Chase taking a beating online for his Sockeyes.
What is it?
Northwestern?
Northwestern, excuse me, Sockeyes.
That was an appearance to just get buried.
That's how you beat to the fire.
Forgettable.
But what a bounce back performance in that old video
that they ended up mustering up online
where he was cleaning someone's clock with some left-handers.
Anyone who is out there shit-talking this guy online,
say it to his face.
He'll feed you with lefts.
He'll pump your eyes shut because this guy, our cameraman,
he can chuck them.
I was very impressed by that video.
You would have pumped my eyes shut, actually.
Well, I was going to hop in there.
One week in Boston, my only complaint so far
is I'm going out looking for a decent breakfast spot,
and a couple people recommend this Tati.
Is that how you say it?
T-A-T-T-E.
Never been there.
So I was cruising around Charlestown looking for it,
and I must have
gone a little too far and i asked this guy i said hey do you know where tati breakfast place is and
he says yeah it's uh down there to the left but i tell you what i said he says that sorel place is
is is better and it's no and it's a lot less stuffy and he says and he said that tati place
a little overpriced too that's what he said he said. So I look him dead in the eyes, and I take his word for it.
So I said, okay, that place right over there.
He said, you're telling me it's better than Tati?
He goes, for sure.
I go there.
Dude, they threw the egg and the sausage from the breakfast sandwich in the microwave.
Dude, I would have told you that's a nightmare.
You got hosed because you cannot have an egg sandwich for breakfast in the microwave
microwave you might as well fucking eat it out of the trash because that's just that you should
have just walked the extra steps to the place you actually heard about this guy looked me in the eye
yeah but that guy's got strong bag taste
you would have thought that i was walking into a seven course meal.
He looked me dead in the eye.
He goes,
that place,
a little stuff.
And he says,
I tell you what,
this place is like,
he might even said it was the real deal.
Like,
so he sold me on it.
He must have fucking steak in this place.
He's like,
I walk in there and I,
I,
my,
my spider senses went off.
Right.
And I,
I have my mask on.
I communicate to it.
And as soon as like,
I look over and I'm paying my, my cards in to it and as soon as like i look over and i'm
paying my cards in the machine i see him like spiking my sausage and egg into the microwave
like without a plate you see him wring out a piece of bacon and some water comes out it's just
soggy and gross okay now let's back it up speaking of bacon i ended up having a gg special oh yeah
my uncle come by he made him for the whole house the wit dog wasn't here not that he wanted one Speaking of bacon, I ended up having a GG special. Oh, yeah.
My uncle come by.
He made them for the whole house.
The wit dog wasn't here.
Not that he wanted one.
You gave it a 9.5.
9.5.
This is a nice guy.
If it was bad, he wouldn't have said a word. The complaint, though, is you know me.
I'm a little bit of a weirdo on the organic.
He had the Philadelphia cream cheese, so you know I'm packing on the pounds.
I had the Schmucker's Jam.
I don't think there's a real fruit used in Schmucker's Jam, right?
If you're having a GG special every morning, you're going to be in a unit.
Those are once-a-week things, right?
He made a point to say it's a delicacy.
He only has it once every few weeks even.
He said once every three weeks.
I said this is a good once-a-month sandwich. But he nicked it out of the park.
He did not go too aggressive on the cream cheese,
which is a big turning point.
And he loads it up with bacon, whatever kind it was,
not a very expensive, healthy kind.
I said before that if you like cream cheese,
it's probably a great sandwich.
I don't like cream cheese, so there you go.
Yeah, it's only a smidge, though.
He doesn't do a lot of the jelly.
It's just a perfect combination of flavors. Again, a lot of people, he even told the original story. It was a great sandwich. I don't like cream cheese. There you go. Yeah, it's only a smidge though. It doesn't do a lot of the jelly. It's just a perfect combination
of flavors. Again, a lot of people, he even told the
original story. It was a co-worker. He goes,
that's fucking gross. He did it himself
and he's been eating it for almost 50 years now.
So moral of the story is don't go to
Sorrell's. Is it a chain place
around here? I don't know. It's trash. I lived
in Charlestown for 10 years. I never went
there after I heard about the eggs
in the microwave.
Looking at R.A.'s flow out of the back
of his Nordic's hat is, if you
lived in this house or were here every day
like we are, you've
pulled off this look where I
still haven't seen the hat off, everyone.
Everyone wants the show.
They want the absolute
experience of you ripping that
lid off and
you won't do it so it looks terrible it's like looks like everyone asking i don't know i just
see the flow out the back um when i took that video you and i put it on instagram you snoring
20 minutes into that so with me and then he fell asleep a minute later did you still have your hat
on no but i had my my arm up so you couldn't really see it. I had a beard on my
chest too. Because I'm trying to remember. I'm like,
I think he was even sleeping with a hat on.
This guy doesn't want anyone seeing the skullet
before Halloween. I don't think you could have got a worse angle
of me too. It was like all fucking gut
and whatever. I was like, thanks, buddy.
Payback's a bitch. Sorry, buddy. That's alright.
We got one week down here.
Obviously, as everyone is aware, the NHL
game's scheduled for Thursday and Friday.
We're postponed.
Obviously, a significant moment in North American sports and league history.
And we were very lucky to get our pal Ryan Reeves.
He was generous enough to join us from the bubble.
And he's going to take us through everything that transpired leading up to the players decide to postpone games.
So, obviously, it's the big story.
We're not going to pretend it didn't happen, of course.
So, we're going to go to Reevo immediately with this because it's the big, important
story. I thought he was very great
the way he spoke. He was very
succinct. He didn't know buzzwords or whatever.
He explained everything, how it went down, and I think people
may get a different impression of how things
absolutely went down. So without further ado,
we're going to send it over to Revo.
Well, gang,
there's a lot going on in the bubble, both
on and off the ice the last few days.
So we're going to bring on our pal Ryan Reeves to get us up to speed on everything that's going on.
Reevo, thanks so much for joining us. How are you doing, my friend?
I'm doing good. How about you?
Doing all right. Doing all right here in Boston.
You know, I know we have you on. We usually have a lot of laughs, but there's much more serious matters going on.
We're going to talk about that. I just want to get our listeners up to speed.
There's much more serious matters going on.
We're going to talk about that.
I just want to get our listeners up to speed.
On Monday in Kenosha, Wisconsin, police shot a black man.
On Wednesday, the NBA boycotted games.
A handful of MLB teams did the same.
Thursday, the NHL got a lot of heat.
I don't know if it was all warranted or not,
but regardless, the Hockey Diversity Alliance released a statement asking the league
to suspend all playoff games on Thursday.
They said they strongly feel this will send a clear message that human rights take a priority over sports.
There were numerous player discussions held,
and it was decided that you guys weren't going to play Thursday or Friday.
So we want to bring you on and maybe take us through the process,
how it all played out, stuff like that.
Yeah, so I can't really speak to the Hockey Diversity Alliance.
I'm not actually part of that,
but I can tell you what happened in the bubble here.
So on Wednesday, you know, personally for me,
you know, I was out for dinner with a couple of the boys
and Braden McNabb just said, you know,
do you think we're going to play tomorrow?
And I said, yeah, why wouldn't we?
And then I got back to the room and I was just like,
oh, I don't think I really understood why he was asking me that.
I was like, shit, yeah, are we really going to play?
Like, are we actually going to play or are we not going to, you know, are we not going to support all these athletes in this movement that's going on?
And, you know, for the rest of the night, I struggled with what was going to happen because let's be honest, you know, I'm one of, you know, 10 black players in the whole NHL.
One of, you know, maybe four or five in the bubbles right now.
And so I felt like it was something that I wanted to do something. I just didn't know what,
and I didn't know how it was going to be received. So, you know, that night I struggled. I talked
to Flower at one in the morning. Luckily he picked up and then, you know, we had a good conversation
and I woke up in the morning and i
was still kind of still kind of mixed up in my head and you know luckily i woke up to a text from
kevin shattenkirk and he said he we just wanted to you know first and foremost he wanted to see
how i was doing and just hear my uh my thoughts on everything and then he was like you know
what are your thoughts on what you want to do and i you know i was still kind of torn you know i
i thought we should join the other leagues,
but at the same time, I was like,
what is taking two days off going to look like?
What are we going to do in the bubble and make it worthwhile?
And so I was kind of torn with that.
But I said my two cents.
And then I had another text saying that the Vancouver guys
were standing outside our locker room
and they wanted to talk.
And so I got over there and it was the same thing.
They were asking me what I thought about everything and what I think we should do.
And I just said, I think it's a very powerful message if we can step away from the game
as a predominantly white sport.
If we can step away from the game and say predominantly white sport. If we can step away from the game and say,
listen, I don't walk in your shoes
and I don't pretend to know what black people go through,
but I see the problem and we stand behind this issue.
And so we're going to step back and take a stand as well.
And right away, the Vancouver guys were like,
you know what, if that's what you think is right,
we stand behind it.
And then we got back on the phone with the guys out east,
and it was basically the same conversation.
So it went from I thought I was alone in it to, man,
people were bringing it up before I even got to talk to them.
And I have so much respect for all these players because, like I said,
it's not something that they go through it's not something that they've lived
but it's something that they felt so passionately about that they they stood behind me for it and
then they stood behind all these you know these black people that have been you know been wronged
across north america and um man my hats are off to to every single NHL player right now.
Well that's what
is great to hear. It's certainly
me listening to you saying that Flowers
there to pick up a phone call.
Shaddy's got a text for you. You guys were
good friends in St. Louis and it just
shows that it truly is like a big family.
You guys are all standing up there on stage.
It must have been pretty special for you to see
the entire league behind you. I know you just said that but for me seeing it it was definitely
powerful sight yeah i mean look that room wasn't big and and that showing up to that meeting was
optional and when i was outside there wasn't a ton of guys out there uh but as i stood up stood
up to the podium and the doors open it you could not you couldn't
get any more people in that room it was it looked like there was every single player from every team
in the bubble was there to support the the cause and you know i think that picture alone i wish
they had a wider angle because if you saw how many guys were in that room supporting it it was just it was so
powerful that moment yeah i did see that picture revo because you couldn't see it on tv and i did
catch it it was so much more than what you actually saw on tv um i want to ask and i'm obviously not
asking to name any names but was there any resistance from any players or owners perhaps
or was everybody just automatically on board with it? I wouldn't say there's resistance.
You know, I think some guys struggled with the same thing that I struggled with
was what is taking two days off going to do?
You know, okay, we're going to sit in the bubble.
We're not going to play.
What is that going to look like?
And guys voiced that.
They did, and I understood.
I told every one of them i understood
because i struggled with the same thing but you know what i said was hockey is supposed to be
played on national tv for the next two days if we don't play they need something to talk about and
if we get our message out there that message will be talked about for two straight days and beyond
that and so you know while guys maybe didn't
necessarily not want to play every single guy said we support the decision that's going to be made
not one guy said you know this is bullshit i think we should you know i think we should play and
figure out a different way once the decision was made every guy was on board every guy stood in
that room so um there was no resistance it was was just kind of, you know, the conversation had to be had
of what it was going to look like.
Revo, you personally, had you ever dealt with any type of racism
growing up and playing hockey and, of course,
it being a predominantly white sport in Canada?
And, I mean, even your father was a pro athlete as well.
Yeah, I mean, you know, when I was younger,
I've had guys call me the, you know know drop the n-bomb on me a
couple times um but you know when you grow up in canada you don't see and you're and you know
especially as a kid you don't see it a lot um you know when i was young when somebody said that to
me i always just like kind of looked at him and be like hey buddy you gotta live with yourself like
if that's how you want to treat people that's on you because you don't see that it's that big of
an issue and you know growing up now i wish i would have beat the shit out of those guys for
saying it but um you know and and other little things you know i always tell the story and it's
it's a heartbreaking one for me because you know i was walking down the street broad daylight i'm
a big guy i got tattoos and so i was you know summer i was wearing a beater and uh this old lady's
walking towards me and you know people are passing her people are passing her and i'm the next guy to
pass her and she just she looked at me she tightened up her purse and she walked across
the street and so i didn't have to walk by her and it broke my heart because
you know for me if that old lady fell in the street i would be the first person to go pick her
up but somewhere in her life probably when she was younger some type of racial profiling some
type of racism was instilled in her and then and that's heartbreaking that people grow up with that
kind of hatred in their heart and i think that's the message here is And that's heartbreaking that people grow up with that kind of hatred in their heart.
And I think that's the message here is, you know,
the color of somebody's skin should not define who you are
and how you treat people.
And I think that's what we're trying to get at right now.
What do you think, you know, say as a podcast or say as the league,
like what do you think they could do to help?
Like what do you think we could do to make hockey more inclusive? And in a way, and it's not trying to put you on the league, like what, what do you think they could do to help? Like, what do you think we could do to make hockey more inclusive?
And in a way, and it's not trying to put you on the spot.
Like it's so true in terms of what you say, but it's like,
where do you go from there? It's like such a tough question.
Yeah. You know, everything's, you know,
where you have your platform is where you need to start. So, you know,
for me as a hockey player, I look at it like this.
Black kids are not going to come to hockey.
You have to bring hockey to them.
So you've got to get into these communities.
You've got to build them a rink.
You've got to set up a program that is affordable or free for them to come out
and use those facilities, get some equipment to these kids, run some camps,
have some of these players out in their communities.
You know, especially these black athletes.
It's great if a white athlete goes into a black community and, you know,
plays hockey with them.
But let's be honest, that athlete doesn't look like those kids.
It's different if I walk in there, you know.
I got tattoos probably like a lot of their families.
I wear earrings.
I wear Jordans on my feet.
My hair is curly.
I think that's a little more impactful.
So getting out into those communities and bringing the game to them,
I think, is the best start.
And you always got to start with the kids because you want those kids
growing up and learning the game.
You don't want them being old and all of a sudden just shoving it down their throat.
You want them to grow up and love the game.
And then they want to come to the games.
Now, hey, this guy came to a rink they just built.
I want to go check out a Golden Knights game.
And now all of a sudden, that kid loves hockey.
Instead of maybe he likes hockey more than basketball or football, whatever it is.
But you've got to bring the sport to them.
They're not just going to come.
Any other ideas you have for the NHL in order to create that change as well?
I mean, I know they've been under fire.
I feel like they're trying to adapt as soon as possible.
So it's one of those things where, you know,
it's all been brought to light more so as of recent.
What more can you see that they can do?
You know, it's tough, you know, past getting out into the communities
because I think that's the biggest thing.
And you really got to touch these people.
You can't just, you know, can't just say, you know, build a rink
and say, yeah, go ahead, use my rink and now come support us.
Like you got to really, really got to touch these people,
and you've got to get out there and befriend them
and make them feel a part of that hockey family.
You know, you don't want to just go and throw a couple sticks on them
and say, go ahead and play.
Like, really make them enjoy the sport and make them feel like they're part
of something, and they're going to love it that much more.
You know, for the NHL, they need to, they need to start some kind of equipment drive where they're, you know,
getting equipment out to these communities.
Cause let's be honest, hockey is a fucking expensive sport.
It is hard to get into it. A stick costs 250 kids grow up quick.
You know, my kid, he's wearing a different size shoe every three months.
You know, these, these parents can't pay for skates.
Like, skates cost 400.
It's expensive to play.
And I think you got the NHL has to find a way to make the sport more affordable
in these communities so they can adapt to the situation that they're in.
Revo, one concern I have, I guess, or question is, you know,
how do we get the message to hockey fans who, let's say,
aren't as receptive to these things as others?
I mean, let's face it, like you said, it's a white spot.
A white spot.
There are a lot of views that are maybe a little archaic,
and these people aren't going to be quite as receptive to this postponement
as others.
How do we get through to those people who just either don't want to hear it
or can't hear it or what?
Well, you've got to get rid through those people who just either don't want to hear it or can't hear it or what? Well, you got to get rid of those people.
If those people don't want to get into these communities and don't care about bringing diversity to the sport,
then they're not the right people to be in that position.
You need people, you know, there needs to be more black positions in hockey.
You know, those people can relate. You know, it was, who was the guy in Phoenix,
the new president on the team, or did they get a new president?
He's Spanish?
Yeah, first one.
Right, you know, and I was listening to one of his interviews,
and the thing is, you know, he said,
we need to bring these communities to us.
They're not just, or we've got to go into these communities.
We're not going to just, they're not just going to come to us.
You know, we need more people in those positions
because they can relate to those people.
They've lived in those people's shoes.
But, you know, having a, you know, a rich white guy running,
you know, the diversity section of hockey isn't going to do anything
because they probably don't care.
You need to have more people of color in those positions,
and you really need to get out there.
I think more things like we talked to Jamal Mayers.
What he's doing in Chicago is incredible in the inner city,
bringing hockey to those kids.
Like you said, you've got to bring it to them.
So that's a guy, you know, in terms of what can they do,
there's a great team that's kind of shown what they can do
in terms of getting into areas that need to see hockey,
need to have a chance to give it a go.
Absolutely, yeah.
I've heard he's doing great things there.
When I get out of this bubble, I plan on doing stuff like that in Vegas.
I really would like to find a way to get a rink into one of these communities
and get some equipment out there.
It's tough to do from the bubble, obviously, right now.
Revo, we'll obviously push anything you want to do as far as activism
and, you know, bringing equality to the sport.
You mentioned the Coyotes and Gutierrez being the first ever president of,
I believe it's of a sports franchise, correct?
That's of, you know, Mexican descent.
But they opened up the arena gila river arena to
as a polling station and that's another way that nhl can can create some changes is offer that
right now given the circumstances and the polling stations maybe other nhl venues will do so uh
revo if there's anything else you want to say but we can't thank you enough for coming on and
touching on this subject it means a lot to us us. I know that that was probably a very difficult situation you were in
and, you know, not try to upset anyone related to the bubble,
but it was awesome to see all the guys respond to you
and you guys take this action.
And I think that everyone could go without sports for two days
and really give this some thought.
Yeah, absolutely.
You know, I think, you know, what I want to leave on is
I just want to reiterate
how proud I am of the players.
You know, this was
this was a players driven initiative
that, you know,
this didn't come from the higher ups
and this didn't come from outside.
This was players standing behind
the cause they believed in.
And it was just
it's just a great, great,
great thing to see.
Man, we can't thank Ryan enough for coming on with us.
I'm sure he's under a ton of pressure.
Everybody wants to talk to him.
He's one of the few black players in the bubble.
So, again, thanks to him for coming on.
And like I said, Biz, he kind of broke it down in very literal terms,
and I think maybe people realized this wasn't a pressure from outside.
These guys wanted to do something, and they did it.
Yeah, no, I think the players handled it perfectly.
You know, some of these guys have also never dealt with social issues
to this magnitude and, you know, maybe some of them aren't even dialed in
to the point where they don't even have an opinion because, you know,
they're not online all the time.
So just the way they were able to, like, slow everything down,
collectively do it, the fact that players were
reaching out to him at Shattenkirk and just the overall leadership very proud of the guys inside
that bubble and I think just to sum it all up is there's a there's a lot of chaotic things happening
in in in this country right now in the United States and you know I think I I think it's a
little overwhelming for for a lot of us,
especially me being a Canadian and how intense and polarizing it is right now.
So we're just trying to do the right thing and give the right people the platform
in order to explain it from, you know, maybe a different side
that you've never been explained it.
Well said, Biz.
So having said that, we are going to move on to the games.
We do have our buddy, Carmody, joining us a little later.
Mike Carmody.
Yeah, we haven't talked to him in a while.
He had a hole-in-one recently, so we figured we'd chat a little,
hockey with him and get the lowdown and the breakdown of how that all really finished
because the round starts great.
You'll hear how he talks.
Absolutely.
Well, if you're an athlete, you know how hard it is to find clothes that fit you well.
The truth is men's clothes are not designed for guys with bigger asses and legs, especially when
it comes to jeans. Well, I have good news. The entity of problems is finally here. Mugsy jeans
are designed specifically for dudes like us. Mugsy was started by a stoolie who was tired of having
his balls choked out in jeans. His goal was simple. Reinvent men's jeans to look and feel
outrageously comfortable. He spent five years working with industry experts and athletes like former NHL player
and Hobie Baker winner Blake Jeffron to perfect the fit and feel of his jeans.
The magic is in Muggsy's proprietary denim, which is made from a bunch of high-tech materials
that make these jeans mind-blowingly soft and flexible.
When I say flexible, I mean these jeans are so stretchy you could hit the squat rack in
them, no problem. They're so comfy, they make basic movements like sitting, bending a nail,
and feel like a dream. No exaggeration, you want to sleep in these jeans. It's like you're wearing
nothing at all. Even better, Mugsy's coming a stylish fit that's not too baggy but not too tight
so you somehow look even better than you feel. Want to look good indoors for yourself or your
partner? Want to look good for your boss on that next important Zoom meeting? Well, then you need to choose Mugsy. Men's Health called Mugsy
Jeans, the best jeans for athletes for good reason. Take our word for it. Give Mugsy Jeans a try and
you won't be able to wear any other jeans again. I got a few pairs. They are super comfy. And Mugsy
is so comfy. You'll love them. They do free shipping in return, so your comfort is 100 guaranteed. Do your legs a favor.
Head to Muggsy.com.
That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Muggsy's full lineup of jeans
and safe-for-work chinos, including styles and sizes.
Use the code SPIT for 10 off.
That's a beer on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made
by heading to Muggsy.com using the code SPIT.
Jesus, Muggsy. B using the code Jesus Muggsy.
Buzzing. Holy cow.
Tongue twister. Four scoring seven years ago.
Well, right now we're watching
Vancouver-Vegas. It's game
four. Vegas has a two-to-one
lead. This game's on in the background. We want to talk about
this series first. Vegas,
man, they're a wagon. We've talked about them. Alex
Tuck, another beautiful goal the other night. White Cloud
got one. Stone got one.
Moxham had a great game Saturday night.
But Vegas is just fucking too much for this Vancouver team right now, Biz.
Yeah.
You know, I thought we were going to see what Vegas was made of coming back in game three.
I thought Vancouver handled pretty good.
Like, that was probably the most devastating loss that Vegas has faced
in months.
So, quite the response.
I mean, here as Revo steps in and takes a face-off and snaps it back.
How are you?
That was impressive.
Was that his first face-off win in his career maybe?
Potentially.
He might take offense to me even asking that.
He could have five or six snapbacks.
That's true.
But just going back to game three, Alex Tuck is a guy that we've talked about
quite a bit.
He's having quite the playoff in that third line in general.
And they opened things up and really they just put Vancouver in a pretzel.
It looked like I thought Leonard looked very solid.
And I guess there had been some questions around Leonard,
whether he'd had to perform up to like peak standards
whereas they're they're so dominant they have the puck all game have you really seen him get tested
right and early in that hockey game in in game three I thought that he was tested the most and
he answered the bell and as I say that we're right back to game four here where they're able to put
Fleury in that so they are sticking to the system. I know last podcast, RA, you thought maybe they were going to go back
given the circumstances and the shutdown for a few days.
Probably that might have altered the decision,
but they still got this one-two punch.
They got that secondary scoring, and I think that given they took Game 3
pretty handily, I think they're going to take care of business
and win this series.
Yeah, Game 3, the first goal talk, it was like a control breakout by Vegas.
And I don't know what happens in terms of a D-man making the incorrect read for Vancouver,
but Tuck is so fast.
He takes off to the neutral zone, buries the first one.
And then the second goal that White Cloud scored,
it was the exact opposite where Vancouver has total control.
They got a control breakout, no pressure.
They turn it over. Next thing you know, it's in the back of the net.
So it shows the difference in terms of execution in these two teams.
And we all said Vancouver's a little overmatched.
Now, who knows?
Maybe they get tonight and it's 2-2.
I'm interested because if Fleury comes in and he plays phenomenal,
say they shut him out, like it sounds like next game it's back to Leonard.
But it really, with this, that's the one question with the two goalie system and what teams do.
If Fleury makes 38 saves tonight and they win two,
one,
are you really taking them out?
So it,
it sort of creates confusion if both guys perform well and their Vegas just
goes up one,
nothing on the power play.
So patch ready scores.
This series has looked really good for Vegas as,
as,
as has their entire season,
especially since the
coaching change went down and they're they're the they're the class of the league that them in Tampa
right now I think our heads and shoulders above everyone else Islanders fans suck on that and a
sign of a good team too and if you know if they're the real deal is especially when they go up how
they control themselves and and and how they continue to just keep coming and keep with the
offense they don't just sit back and rely on playing that defensive game.
When they gain a two- or three-goal lead,
they're playing the exact same way they were when it was the drop of the puck.
I sent a tweet out before the series saying I liked Vancouver in the series.
Shocker.
Got a DM right away from Troy Terry of the Anaheim Ducks.
He's like, dude, you're an idiot.
I played against both teams. I can tell you Vegas is going to clean up here. Thank away from Troy Terry of the Anaheim Ducks. He's like, dude, you're an idiot. I've played against both teams.
I can tell you Vegas is going to clean up here.
Thank you, Troy Terry.
Troy Terry will never play for the Canucks.
Say goodbye to whoever played in Vancouver.
Talk Canucks Twitter.
Oh, man.
Good luck.
Yeah, you suck.
Well, Stone, though, just keep shouting out Stone.
This guy, he's an assistant to Pat Shreddy.
Perfect sauce through the box.
Sauce through the box.
Sex talk.
And this guy, what a signing.
What a trade last year.
It's just they got it all, that whole team.
That team is stacked.
What was impressive with that tackle, the way he corralled the puck
and came in and kind of bounced it in and just fucking slapped it upstairs
and I'm actually so we'll keep a monitor on this game as we're watching it.
Saturday afternoon, Tampa took a commanding 3-1 series lead
over the Bruins with a 3-1 win.
Biz, I know we hate talking about the refs,
but there was a lot of chatter about them during and after the game.
Bruce Cassidy had some issues.
Oh, my goodness.
It was a hit.
Paquette hit Carson Kuhlman into the wall.
It looked like an obvious boarding.
There was no call.
Richie jumped Paquette hit Carson Kuhlman into the wall. It looked like an obvious boarding. There was no call. Richie jumped Paquette.
He got two minutes.
I thought it was a tough penalty to take your teams down.
You're going against a powerhouse team.
You don't want to put them on the power play.
Then later in the game, Richie, some people thought it was two minutes.
Some people thought it was a clean hit.
He gets five-minute major for boarding.
They end up scoring on the power play.
Well, it definitely wasn't a clean hit.
I won't go that far.
But then I question myself.
I'm like, Biz, are you  like is R.A. making you drink this Boston Bruin Kool-Aid?
Am I going crazy here?
So I watched you officiating, and I've always thought that the Bruins
typically get a decent amount of calls.
Rarely are they on the short end of the stick.
But given the one play earlier in the game,
and you mentioned it was you mentioned
it was peckhead hitting coolman calvin coolman coolman from behind i thought i thought coolman's
back was exposed the entire time and he took many strides to go in finish the hit i thought right
then and there should have been two minutes okay no call for sure boston boston's got one in the
bank i'm a little bit got one in the bank.
I'm a little bit old school in the thinking as to, like,
when you get one, you should be able to give one, right?
Like, where it's like eye for an eye.
People say, oh, you shouldn't referee that way. Well, coming down to the Ritchie situation, okay,
and especially at the fact that they got to look at it again,
is as soon as Gord releases the puck, Richie doesn't take another stride.
So after the puck is completely off his stick, Richie then plants his other leg,
and then he's already committed to the hit.
And by the time he delivers it, I would say it was a fraction of a second late.
And Gord had turned his shoulder enough where it came at like a five to ten degree angle where
it looked like it was from behind so the way the trajectory of gore went given he's a smaller guy
is he kind of like landed like face first into the wall would you say right well shoulder shoulder
shoulder shoulder part of this whole issue here and that's part of the whole issue whereas like
i think that that was a two minute penalty okay he made the wrong split instinct he made the wrong decision and he should be penalized
for two minutes now it comes down to the question and i'm not accused i would never accuse any player
of doing this although guys i've been in the fucking locker room when a guy's got hit in a
certain way where it's like well it's going to benefit you to
fucking you know stay down or whatever and sell it guys i've been in a locker room where i've
listened to guys say yeah i sold a little bit fucking rights we want the longer power play
i'm not saying yanni gourd did that but i also don't think that the penalty should should be
based off the fact that yanni gourd's laying on the ice there. But that's how things are called, and now
you have the ability to look back at replays
and I agree.
Penalty, I would have been fine with two minutes, but
people are giving
Cassidy shit, and you see him catching
flack for bringing up the fact that
Yanni Gord was down, and
we were all sitting there, and we were like, oh my god,
dude, that kind of looks bad.
That could be his shoulder. And what I
say, I go, you know what though? We'll
see if he comes out and he's flying around in
five minutes. He laid
down, I think he was down on the ice four or five
minutes it felt like. Maybe not that long
but he was down long enough where there was some serious
worry and the way it looked, yeah, I mean he could
have had a serious shoulder injury
but for him to be laying there and
that is why the five-minute major was called
because if he hops up, it's a penalty.
They don't review it.
So he's laying there to make it a five-minute major.
Maybe he's not trying to do that.
But if you're the Bruins and you come back, he was flying around killing,
trying to kill people.
And he was doing his job and playing that energy game.
And you're like like we took a five
minute major on a hit that should have been two because you were laying down like you were dead
i thought that and that's an that's a part of the game that drives certain players insane because
certain players will not do that so i don't think that they're one i don't think he was faking it
by any means and not in this case but the fact to hear the other side of the argument where it
never happens fuck fuck off.
I've been in the fucking locker room.
I know what's going on.
I've talked to guys who have done it, so stop.
Who's saying that?
No, no, I'm just saying there's always like you can't just let that fly off the cuff without saying that I've seen it done.
You can't accuse somebody of laying down and faking it
until you hear the words out of their mouth, correct?
I don't know, man.
If you're laying down for seven minutes, eight minutes,
and you come back and you're not injured, I kind of think.
All right.
I remember, I don't know, growing up, it was like, you better get up.
If you don't, if you laid on the ice, like your foot or leg better be broken.
Sure. Okay.
And game and ship is part of the game.
But to see somebody like, you're like, this guy's really injured.
Van ties it up.
1-1.
I can announce Pedersen.
What a snipe.
So just to see that and then see someone flying around,
that is what is frustrating for Cassidy and the Bruins.
Correct.
So that goal then puts them up 2-0.
And I thought it was a close enough game where you look at the Pasternak
empty net there where he had the whole cage and missed it,
and then you look at the Halak goal that he gives up glove side
where you're like, ah, you know, if you have that competent goaltending
where you're getting that A-list goaltending,
I think that that is a save.
Am I wrong here?
Halak has a real issue with his glove.
Every goal is going in glove side.
So how do you expect to win a series when you're probably a little outmatched
in terms of roster to roster?
The Bruins are top five in the league, say, but Tampa's that good.
So you're looking at, as a Bruins fan, Halak needs to play phenomenal.
He hasn't even really been good.
I'd say he's been average.
He's made a couple real good saves, but there's been some goals you're like oh not only is that goal the flight
it should be it should be a save it's more like oh we've been we've owned play we've had chances
here and now they do that that goes in it's just it kills you it kills you especially in the
playoffs there's oh i just that's my word i can't say it especially at least i just noticed
it i'll say so i'll say so far tampa looks like the better team um and i just i mean fuck man
palat another two tucks and i i mentioned i don't know if i mentioned this on the last podcast but
i was talking to patty maroon and i asked him i said who's the most underrated guy on the team
he says palat 100 and another two tucks as, as I said, they are just so fucking deep.
And this is like without McDonough out of the lineup.
Vasilevsky looks good.
He's gotten over that hurdle.
He's been lights out.
And we've got to give full props to Tampa Bay.
I mean, they've been playing fantastic hockey, particularly Vasilevsky.
Quickly going back to Richie, I think that, yeah, I don't think the richie i think that yeah i don't think he's it's it's the trade has necessarily worked out i don't think he looks
good i understand that he has to play that physical role i think he made the wrong decision i think i
think it warranted two minutes and and it it's a tough look when when when a goal is going to
impact the game that much to go make him go up to nothing actually i fucked you up there it was that
was the third goal the second goal was the bad one that Halak waved at,
which he should have had.
Either way, the third goal put a hat on it.
It put the game pretty much out of reach.
So it had a huge impact.
And again, it wasn't even an original penalty.
So they went from no call to a five-minute major.
So that's why it's probably frustrating.
Well, I'm drinking the Bruins Kool-Aid, and it tastes pretty good.
They're down 3-1.
How much do you miss Danton Hine watching Richie every night?
Probably rather have him out there. I mean, I know he was
kind of struggling when the Bees traded him, but yeah,
Richie, he just hasn't really done
much. I mean, I know he's got the one goal two games ago,
but yesterday was just another game that
he's frustrated fans with. I mean, I don't think he's
a bad guy or anything. I think Cassidy's
comments were fair. Let's just put it that way.
I mean, coaches do that shit all the time, too.
So, moving along. It's summer.
The weather's gorgeous. Sports are back in full
swing with the NHL playoffs underway. That
means you need to stay hydrated with our favorite
sports drink, Bodyama.
I've been guzzling a strawberry
banana and fruit punch all week here at
the Chicklets house. Whit's been dumbing the orange
mango. Business opened about 700
bottles of water all around the house, so big thanks
for taking care of us this week. Drink what Mike and james harden drink body armor has no artificial sweetness
flavors or dyes is potassium packed and full of electrolytes with all the things you need to keep
you hydrated during the summer months and it tastes great gluten-free that too learn more at
body armor.com or any of the flavors on amazon right now so check that stuff out boys we've
been guzzling this stuff all week.
It's great stuff.
Wait, time out.
Have I been the one leaving these bottles around the house?
Somebody is, dude.
Every day, I feel like I'm in the movie Signs when the little girl leaves fucking glasses of water all over the house to keep the aliens away.
I think I'm pretty good at finishing my bottle.
Swing away, Merrill.
Is that his name?
Swing away.
Good call.
You leave some bottles around.
All right.
I do see, because You bring three to one seat
And then you'll get up, walk away with one
And you'll leave two there
Oh, business scatterbrain?
I'm a psycho
Oh, 2-1 Vegas
We might see a review here
Because Carrier is just right in Markstrom's grill
I thought it was Carrier
Is it Carrier? Fuck, I don't know
It's all a little excellent
Carrier is that bad 80s was Carrier. Is it Carrier? Fuck, I don't know. It's a little excellent. But this is a snipe. Stevenson.
Carrier is that bad 80s song.
Carrier?
2-1 Vancouver.
All right, moving along.
No, Vegas.
Back to the bench.
With the Vs.
Oh, Nevo.
The Isles just beat Philly 3-2 to take a 3-1 lead in that series.
Philly had leads in the two games prior to that.
Couldn't hang on to them.
Volley's just been playing out of his mind,
although they did start Grace tonight. The Flyers,
big guns, not getting it done. Matt Martin
got a huge goal for the Islanders yesterday.
The Islanders are just fucking steamrolling
this team. They just play that system with.
They're not like the most exciting
squad to watch, but it's winning hockey, and that's
all that matters right now. If anyone
tries telling you that coaching doesn't
matter in the NHL, just point to
the Islanders. This trots,
just a magician.
And yeah,
the roster is so improved.
What can I say?
I,
you can't,
you can't look at this Islanders team and see anyone that it's going to be
easy for them to get by him.
Right?
Like they're going to probably play Tampa and good luck.
I mean,
I think Tampa will win,
but we,
they've,
this team is in the goaltending for Grice to go in and play that well. Right. I mean, I think Tampa will win, but this team is in the goaltending.
For Grice to go in and play that well, right?
I mean, they're willing to work on back-to-back
and throw someone else in there.
It just shows that Trotz has them playing a certain way.
We've said it for a long time now.
They better not win the Cup.
I'll fucking...
I might quit this podcast if they win the Cup.
I don't feel like listening
because Islanders fans,
now you guys are saying
that the broadcast is pro-Philly.
Shut up. You always
complain about something. It's incredible.
These fans, dude.
It's unreal. They're winning games and they're
still bitching about the podcast.
You know why it is? It's because they're so boring to watch
they need to find some excitement.
I'll tell you right now, if you're not a fan of these two
teams, is anyone watching this? How boring are these games? Well, if you need to work some excitement. I'll tell you right now, if you're not a fan of these two teams, is anyone watching this?
How boring are these games?
Well, if you need to work on getting sleep and stuff.
Speaking of that, we have an electric chair.
We will be watching it on Tuesday night.
Well, I want to talk about the Islanders.
I'm just going to take an Ambien and just snooze away.
Listen, I'm going to give my wrist a little workout here.
I'm going to stroke them off a little bit.
Leo Komarov came up with a big goal the other night.
Matt Martin with his third of the playoffs remember fucking lease fans oh we don't need a
tough guy we don't need a big mutant in the lineup shut up these fucking big mutants are still very
valuable good asset to the team and now maddie martin three tucks just had a kid by the way too
so congratulations on that but i tell you what this, man, I can't agree with you more.
We're a little bit boring to watch,
but they just find a way to keep getting it done.
And Barlov was excellent.
You mentioned Thomas Grice coming in, great fill-in.
But as far as Philly's concerned, and, you know,
we hate being negative on this podcast,
but I think that we probably have to mention the fact that, like,
Claude Giroux just came on the show.
He's gripping it so tight.
Yeah, he's gripping it.
You saw dust coming off his knob right now.
He's gripping it tight.
One playoff goal in his last 25 games.
Yeah, it's
Right?
Is that right?
Is that accurate, RA? Is that what I read? accurate, R.A.? Is that what I read?
It's not good.
I know that much of it's 25 off the top.
Whether it's 20, 30,
25, it's an issue
at this point. It's made aware
and connecting to. He hasn't scored.
So how do you expect to win?
We've kind of been saying this all along that they
couldn't win
without those guys scoring.
They were able to get through the beginning.
They were able to get through the first round.
I want to bring up, though, the hit tonight.
Clutterbuck threw on Sanheim.
That's a dirty hit.
You want to talk?
That's dirtier than the hit Richie put on Gord.
Yeah.
Because that's just sticking your knee out,
and luckily Sanheim was okay.
It was just two minutes for Clutterbuck.
I don't think the league will take a look,
but, man, you're sticking your leg out there,
and you can ruin a guy's knee.
You could ruin a quad.
You've seen what happened to Cam Neely on a leg check,
so you don't like seeing that.
I didn't get a good second look at it.
I know you were buzzing about it.
Well, I was just like, oh, his knee.
Because Sanheim's knee could be in six different pieces right now
if it caught him a different way.
All right, I'm almost done stroking off the Islanders.
Last thing I want to mention is Anders Lee and his net front ability.
For you young hockey players, watch him in front of the net.
His body positioning, how he opens up and he slaps the paddle
where he wants it to tip it in the net.
I bet you if you add it all  what, I think he's got six goals now in playoffs.
If you add them all up, it might reach the house marks.
He had the hit on Backstrom too against Washington.
He's a factor.
Who'd he fight in that series?
He's not the factor.
He's a factor.
And he's just getting it done so far in playoffs, that whole team.
He's a great net front power play guy as well,
willing to stand there and create that net front presence.
Because most of the time, if goalies are seeing it,
they're stopping it at the NHL level.
And if you don't have a guy in front of the net who's willing to pay the price,
a Thomas Holmstrom type, you got the Patrick Hornquist horny.
He's like  is he not that type of model player?
I agree with that.
The Hornquist type?
Yeah, that's a good one.
Maybe not as big of a
piece of shit to play against, but
definitely makes up for it
in the goal scoring department. So Anders Lee,
kids, take a look at that
in that front presence. And for Drew,
it was one goal in the last 23 bids, close
enough. And both backups did start in
game three. Like we said, Greece, Elliott started
Philly their next back Tuesday
night. We'll be doing the electric chair for that one.
Also, Dallas took a commanding 3-1 series lead with the 5-4 thriller
over Colorado Sunday afternoon.
They hadn't played since that barn burner on Wednesday night.
Dallas has just been too much for this team.
Darby's been much better than Fransuz.
I don't know, man.
Colorado, we had such high hopes for them.
And you lose your starting goal, you lose the top pair D,
and this is the result, man.
Those are tough, tough holes to fill.
Tough luck.
And to lose Grubauer, you could say what you want about Franois
and the season he had, but he never had to be that number one guy.
It's a lot different to have success when you go in.
And maybe there was times they were splitting,
and it's just when you're the guy and there's no one behind you
and you've got to perform, he hasn't really been able to.
Now, I think they've been outplayed.
And Dallas has just kind of bullied them.
And, you know, when McKinnon isn't on the ice, not much is happening.
But you've got to shout out Dallas because they've figured out a way to play.
They're scoring now, too.
Before, they couldn't score, and they'd get some wins.
Now, it seems like they're getting five a night.
So you watch that team play, and it's just not a great matchup right now because they do have the depth because at the beginning of the playoffs when Sagan and Ben weren't scoring
while Pavelski was scoring and Guryanov was scoring and you got Hintz was playing well
well now Ben and Sagan are scoring and those guys haven't slowed down either on the second
as well Radulov as well.
Radulov, the excitement he showed on the bench tonight
when Hintz made it 4-2.
Sorry, this is Sunday.
We're recording last night.
Hintz had the sickest play.
He waited out a defenseman that was actually, I think it was Comfer,
who slid on the ice, and he just waited him out,
toe-dragged, shelved one, made it 4-2.
It was kind of the backbreaker.
And they had a shot to the bench, and Radulov just turned around
and screamed the farm animal.
We know how intense he is, but it shows.
These teams, they're there.
They're feeling it.
And they're so willing to kind of do whatever it takes.
So you can shit on Colorado, but you lose Johnson.
You lose your starting goalie.
What is the word?
Paddling. What is it? Paddling into the current? Come goalie. What is the word? Paddling.
What is it? Paddling into the current?
Come on. Swimming against the current?
Swimming against the current. I thought there was a different saying.
I butchered it. Fuck it.
Colorado, they look very fragile.
That's the word I'd use right now.
Just not the same team I saw last round who I thought was good. Yeah, they look scared.
They look scared.
And it's just like
one little defensive breakdown
and it's ending up in the back of their net.
And you mentioned the goaltending.
That's pretty obvious.
But I just didn't think they were going to be this fragile.
And then you look at Dallas and how much they're feeling it
where it's...
Being brutally honest, I thought coming in,
I'm like, I don't want them to win
because they're such a boring team to watch.
If they play the Islanders in the cup final,
we're done.
We're full golf.
I remember you.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
I win.
But the beginning of the game.
But they're fucking exciting now.
They're like,
hey.
Three nothing.
Quick.
Now they're the Harlem Globetrotters.
They've now taken the title from the Philadelphia Flyers.
They are the Harlem Globetrotters right now.
They got everyone on full throttle.
And I think them and Vegas is going to be a very exciting series.
And then the last question I will ask is,
because I feel like goalies have always taken back the theme of the playoffs
so far, is what do you do if Bishop comes back healthy?
What do you do?
Is it a situation kind of like the Murray and Fleury situation
where you know ultimately he's going to give your team a better chance to win,
but Qdobin's been playing good already.
Right, and if he's been unfit so far over the last week or two,
how fit is he going to be when he's ready to play?
I mean, it sounds like it's a lingering injury
because there have been no positive COVID tests,
so it's not that.
So it's obviously an injury.
So if he's coming back, is he going to be 100?
And Hudobin, I mean, he's not perfect,
but we had him in Boston, man.
He battles.
Like, he'll give up a dud goal early,
and he just battles, battles, battles.
And he's, you know, he's outplaying the offense.
Well, the reason I ask that, too,
is, like, you said that Bishop's got this lingering injury.
Well, let's say it takes him, like, maybe, like, a him maybe a week, a week and a half to get back to skating normal.
Well, when Matt Murray took over for Flower, I believe it was in what?
Game five or six of the Eastern Conference Finals?
I'd have to double check.
And I believe it was against Ottawa.
And then they ended up winning in game seven, I believe, because your boy Kunitz ended up scoring the OT winner. Who?
Kunitz. Oh.
Never heard of him.
It's weird. It goes
back to these goalie decisions we talk about
all the time. Maybe they're just haunting my dreams
right now. You mentioned the fragility
on Colorado. Kiel Makai, he's been so
good all playoffs. He had that mental error behind the net,
but then Pierre compared it to Steve
Smith's own goal in the 86.
Steve Smith put it in off his
goalie in game seven
to go to the Stanley Cup final, correct?
Actually, it was a conference final.
To go to the Cup final. Right.
Well, a conference final. To go to the conference
final. If the winner
of that game went into the conference final. Okay, sorry.
I messed that up, but shocker.
But, dude, this was the
McCarver's dominated the whole playoff,
and it was one fluke play that made it, what, 5-2, right?
I mean, the comparison to a Game 7
Sure, but it did end up being the game winner.
I'm just saying.
I'm not saying that that's like it evolved how it did,
but that was to go up 5-2, I believe.
Yeah, that's like the game winner when halsey chirped glenn anderson remember he told him how
many game winners he had he's like i had 58 game winners and halsey's like you scored the seventh
goal and and in a in a seven six win dude like you made it seven one and you ended up winning
seven six yeah yeah so well you can you can bring up that that goal was the game-winning goal,
but the issue was comparing it to a Game 7 blunder.
Yeah, no, that was an offside.
So speaking of being strong mentally as a young player,
Makar, the next shift, got on the ice,
and he's backing up with his head up
and just snaps it right through the middle
and forget whose stick it was to go in on a two-on-one.
So you know he's not thinking about what happened the last shift.
He's just moving forward.
That's all you can do.
When you're playing 23, 24, 25 minutes a night,
you're going to make a few mistakes.
And when you're doing what he does offensively, it's okay.
Well, boys, it's interesting.
We still got a ways to go, but it's possible we have three Russian goalies
on the last four teams if things keep going at this rate.
Vasilevsky, Volomov,
and Hudobin, who was actually born in Kazakhstan,
but I guess the IIHF
considers it part of Russia.
Either way, might use to those
Russian goalies going this far.
Sorry, G. I was going to say, you guys
were recording, so I don't think you see it.
It's a tweet going viral right now of
Ryan Reeves making baby faces to Travis Green. him and travis green we're just going really he was telling
him to shut the fuck up reeves looks at him saying don't be a baby making the crying faces at him
wow okay some more storylines player often i i'm under the i like the coaches who don't say
shit to players i think tororts is somebody like that.
I think Torts has said, I'm not out there in the battle.
I don't talk to other teams.
I would never talk to a player if I was a coach.
Maybe Green didn't even start it, but I think for Rebo to do that,
he would have had to yell something at him.
It's just, for me, that's not the play.
I don't know.
I'm interested to hear how it all started.
We'll have to wait until the Zoom calls after the game.
Either way, Dallas, Colorado, back at it Monday night at 945.
And the Avs are going to try to make it at least a six-game series.
And, hey, sometimes us guys out there, we're trying to do the same,
drag out that series.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
but thinking about cross-corner dumpings doesn't always do the trick.
The folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer lasting sex. Roman Swipes are
a clinically proven way to last longer in bed. They're effective, easy to use, and fast acting,
but don't require a prescription. Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use. Just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to good to good to go.
That's it.
Go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
You get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
Once more, that's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
I kind of watched it.
Revo might have talked to him first.
Oh, I'm not picking sides until I see the full video.
No, no, no.
Yeah, so I guess I just jumped the gun there.
I don't know what happened.
Either way, it's entertaining.
In this series, it's had its side storylines, that's for sure,
going back to the Alan Walsh tweet,
going back to Revo clucking at Roussel.
That was game one. Roussel. That was game.
Roussel took another 10.
He took another 10 on Cousins, which I told you,
this Cousins guy can get under your skin so bad.
And going back to the beginning of the podcast,
I don't know if I said this, that Tati place,
that morning breakfast sandwich on a croissant.
Croissant.
Chocolate croissant. 10 out ofants. 10 out of 10.
10 out of 10.
I never had that place. They built it since
I moved out of town.
This is a free plug.
Yeah, free plugs for the local joints who've been taking
care of us. No harm, no foul. Hey, you mentioned
entertaining biz. Nobody more
entertaining than Mike Commodore, our pal Commie.
We should send it over to him right now for his
golf story. All right, let's send it over to Commie
right now.
Well, our next guest is no stranger to the
Spittin' Chicklets audience. He's been on, I don't know,
we've lost count. We've had him on so many times, but
since we last met, he had a career
achievement off the ice. He got himself his
first hole-in-one. Welcome back to
the show, Commie. Mike Commodore, how's it going, buddy?
What's up, guys? I'm doing real well. Thanks
for having me on. I appreciate it. Commie, I said this. How's it going, buddy? What's up, guys? I'm doing real well. Thanks for having me on. I appreciate it.
Commie, I said this has to happen because we got the news about the hole-in-one.
You and I have talked for years about possibly someday us getting one.
And then all of a sudden I hop on Twitter and I see you kneeling down,
picking the ball out of the hole.
Just take us through all the events.
I'm just going to get some Jergens and just don't mind me.
Sure. Okay. So to run you throughuergens and just don't mind me. Sure.
Okay.
So to run you through the whole thing, it was a Saturday.
I had a couple cocktails Friday, but nothing crazy.
It's a Saturday, teed off like, I don't know, middle of the afternoon or so.
It's with a couple of buddies, a couple of local guys.
And I mean, it's Saturday.
I didn't really do a whole lot Friday.
And you know what?
Right from the first tee,
I hit my first tee shot, hit her pretty good. And the, the old snack shacks right next to the
first tee at Earl Gray. I'm like, you know what? And I asked the guys, I'm like, you guys want to
get after it, get in one a little bit today. They're like, yeah, Saturday. I'm like, all right,
let's get after it. So I went and got like a garbage bag full of like, I didn't have any
coolers. I think it was probably, there was three of us.
I got, I don't know, 12 or 14 vodka sodas in a can.
I'm like, let's get after it.
So birdie the first hole, par the next one, bogey the third hole.
I'm even par.
Is your game right at this point?
Like going into this round, have you been hitting it nice?
Going into the club championships, which was right at the beginning of Augustust like the first weekend in august i was a 1.2 the club championships
at earl gray three-day event stroke play your ball has to go in the hole something i'm not real good
at and i got up to the first tee i was confident i was at the betty ford in fairview mountain the
weekend before fairview mountain the great spot by the way, in Oliver, B.C.
And I was hitting it well, so I was high in confidence.
I stepped up to the first tee.
With the first tee, it's a birdie hole.
It's a par five.
If you hit a good drive, it's definitely reachable.
There's no real trouble anywhere.
You can basically just send it.
And I got up over the ball, and I'm like, okay, don't try and hit this.
I was all tentative.
I'm like, just hit the thing.
It gave a fuck on the stroke play.
Oh my God. In one
swing, I went back two years.
All of a sudden now, I'm over
the top. I'm wiping it.
I can't hit it any further than
like 240. In Calgary,
that's terrible.
I'm sure the guys I'm playing with, I ended up playing
with the eventual club champion, Jimmy Cowan. He was watching. I'm sure the guys I'm playing with, I ended up playing with the eventual club champion, Jimmy Cowan.
He was watching.
I'm sure these guys are like, this guy's a two handicap?
He's terrible.
I opened with a bogey, double bogey, and I quadruple bogeyed
the easiest hole in the course.
So, to answer your question, I was playing well,
but then it was kind of off the railing big time.
So, I wasn't playing great then. So, I was excited the, but then it was kind of off the railing big time. So I wasn't playing great then.
So I was excited the whole in one day.
You know, I'm even par through four.
I birdied five.
I birdied six.
Wow.
Number seven's a par three.
Yeah, so I'm two under.
Honestly, I'm not even really paying attention.
I'm just smashing these vodka sodas.
I'm like, I don't  I'm just going to hit the ball, try and make some putts,
hopefully keep it in play. Let's just have some fun.
And I can pick it up if I'm not feeling it. It ain't the club champ anymore.
No, I hit a bad shot. Just give me a double. I'll hit a couple of shots here.
Maybe you're not for the next piece. It's not, I'm not carding eights and shit.
So I get up to the tee. It was hole number seven, Earl gray, nice day out,
no wind. It was 156 yards, slightly downhill par three.
So you can see the hole green.
And I was first up because I birdied six.
And so we're waiting or whatever.
We have to wait a little bit.
We're green clear, sorry.
And I have a pitching wedge, not even thinking anything about it.
I'm like, you know what?
Like the smart move is to kind of aim for the middle of the green.
I'm like, I don't give a shit. The pin's way left. I'm like,
I'm going to try and hit it at the flag. So hit the thing, hit it high.
I hit it really good. I hit it high and I hit it well. And I'm like, Jesus,
in my head, I'm like, that's right at it. And my buddy is like, man,
that's going in. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, well,
and in the back of my
head i'm like okay this is at it watch i'm gonna fly it's gonna be in the bunker i'm gonna end up
with a fucking five but i'm like it is right at it so i'm watching the ball we're all watching it
and all of a sudden it disappears you can hear the ball hit plastic and then disappear and i'm like
my buddy's like that's in he's like screaming he's like yes that's in
let's go yeah direct hit so i'm fluid in the cup dude fluid in the cup but i'm standing on the t
and i'm like there's foamies you know like pool noodles in there for covid same i'm like wait a
minute i'm like you know maybe that thing hit the pin and went into the bunker or something like
that i'm like i'm not sure yet i just don't see hit the pin and went into the bunker or something like that. I'm like, I'm not sure yet.
I just don't see how the ball could have went in.
Were you sober after you heard the plastic, though?
Did you sober up?
Oh, it snapped me to attention.
I'm like, holy shit, that hit the pin.
And my eyesight isn't real great, so I couldn't see exactly where it hit,
but I knew it hit the pin.
So we're walking up there.
We were walking, and they're like, dude, that's in.
It's got to be in. I'm like,'t know i'm like foamies and so we get up walk up to the green
i grabbed my putter i don't know why i grabbed that i should have grabbed the wedge because i
knew the ball wasn't on the green i could see the entire green it was either in the hole
or it was in the bush one of the blacked out at this point you don't know what's going on
oh i had a good buzz i wasn't blacked out yet no no i mean i mean more like i mean more like just the whole situation you're grabbing the putter you know it's going on. Oh, I had a good buzz. I wasn't blacked out yet. No, no. I mean more like just the whole situation.
You're grabbing the putter.
You know it's not on the green.
You're like, I got to hit it.
Gotcha.
Yeah, I'm like hole in one.
I'm like, maybe it is.
Never had one.
I'm like, I don't know what to do.
Pool noodles, where the hell is the ball?
I don't know what's going on.
So we walk up there and walk up, and I look in the hole as I'm walking up,
and there's no ball on top of the foamy,
there's no ball mark around. There's nothing. I'm like,
where is this fucking ball? So I kind of look around and my buddy's like,
where the hell is it? I'm like, I don't know.
So I like get right over top of the hole and I bend over and look and the
foamies at Earl gray, they have like little kind of, if you saw the picture,
it's a little kind of cutouts. Like it's not just a straight up pool noodle.
So there is a little bit of space,
like four little slots with a little bit of space, I guess.
So this ball, I looked down,
the ball was underneath the foamy right at the bottom of the cup.
Like I had to take the pin out to get the ball.
It was wedged down underneath there.
So the ball must've like hit the bottom of the pin,
came backwards a little bit, deflected off of it, hit one of those holes and went right to the bottom.
And then I just proceeded to just smash vodka sodas like they were going out of style.
So that took me to four under through seven.
I'm like, man, they're like, hey, let's card a good score.
I'm like, yeah, good score.
That'll be a fucking miracle.
I'm just trying to finish the round at this point. Yeah, I'm like, man, we're getting a fucking miracle. I'm just trying to finish the round at this point.
Yeah.
I'm like, man, we're getting to the halfway house here in two holes.
So that was four under through seven.
I then proceeded to hit my next tee shot in the trees.
That was a bogey.
And then I yanked my next number nine to par three.
I yanked that thing about 30 yards left.
Actually, it was a good bogey.
And then we reloaded with another trash can full of vodka sodas
and just floored it through the back nine.
I ended up shooting a 74, which was my best round in weeks for sure.
And, yeah, we were shit-faced.
You know, word kind of got out with the Instagram posts.
And then I didn't know going into  you know, I never had a hole-in-one before.
It's like I don't know what the club's policy is on fucking hole in ones.
I never had one.
Why would I even pay attention?
So I guess they're like, you know, a couple of people are waiting for me.
Like, are you coming upstairs?
I'm like, well, yeah, I'm not an asshole.
I'm going to go up there and buy some drinks.
Am I going to get a hole in one, my first one and run home and hide?
I'm like, fuck that.
I would have.
Biz would have been like, no.
Biz would have been gone.
No, no.
I didn't go in, guys.
We're like, Biz, it went in.
Buy me a beer.
There goes my sixth house.
So, yeah, like it was a nice day.
So the place was pretty full, like COVID full or whatever.
Patio was slammed.
A couple of ovations when I finished up the round.
I gave her a little wave and I went up there.
I rang the bell and then basically drinks were on me for an hour
uh but i think i don't know for sure but i think i'm pretty sure that they have insurance i think
i don't know i think so because nobody even came up and like asked me it was just drinks are on me
and so i haven't got my bill yet so either my bill is going to be normal this month or it's
going to be astronomical well so you you could probably get buried depending on impact.
It was for people who don't know insurance.
A lot of clubs,
one of the places I play at has hole in hole in one insurance where every
member's paying five bucks a month.
So that if you get an ACE,
like a certain amount's covered,
say like 2,500 of the drinks.
Now the,
the key part of this is that if you get an ace on a Tuesday morning and
nobody's up there,
you get the cash.
Yeah.
So it's actually like,
you want to get,
you want to get an ace when there's nobody at the course,
whereas you get one on a tournament,
you're fucked.
It still might cost you.
Yeah.
So I can only be booking Tuesday tea times.
This is like,
when the course is closed,
is there any midnight?
I'm at the pins on Tuesdays.
On the weekends, I'm aiming for the opposite side in the rough.
I'll do some chipping.
So there's some non-golfers here,
and it's kind of like an unwritten rule that when you get a hole-in-one,
it's like even like the night out usually is on you,
at least with the fellas that were in your group.
Oh, like, okay, just to be very, very clear.
So even if I get away with the insurance at the club
and I don't have to pay anything, trust me, for the next
so that was Saturday night.
I was blacked out.
And my buddy Peter from Vancouver was flying in anyways for a week
for four days of golf.
Oh, my God.
So he's fired up, and he's already charged up,
and he joins the group.
We're at the bar.
So that blackout Saturday.
We go golf Sunday back back to earl gray
same thing right on it again monday we went and played all 45 holes at a golf course called glenco
with my buddy pat penny here i played college hockey with him that was more cocktails tuesday
i had a nice like well we were out pretty good on monday night tuesday we had to hit the breaks i'm
like i had to go work a hockey school for the Flames alumni, which was great.
It's nice to work with the kids and everything
like that. Don't get me wrong. I enjoyed it,
but I mean, I felt like
shit. Thank God the parents weren't
allowed in the building due to COVID
because if I would have breathed on
one of them, they would have been like, oh my God,
I'm taking my kids home.
Oh, I was
dying. I had to be there. I was on the ice.
I think it's seven 30. I was there for four hours, no water. I'm like,
Oh my God, I'm struggling yelling at these kids. They aren't really lit.
Well, they were good. But anyway, it's just hockey school stuff.
And then we actually, we had to cancel the round Tuesday. Thank God.
My buddy from van, I got home. I go, dude, do you want to play golf?
He's like, I think I'm going to puke. I'm like, okay, thank God okay thank god let's just so we watched i think that day there was at least four games on maybe
five we watched all the hockey tuesday nothing we played golf against wednesday blew it out
wednesday night and then he left and then i was uh i took it pretty easy for the next while so it
was good it was a good good experience for sure but i was hurting if i didn't pay for the beers
at uh at earl Gray or the drinks,
I definitely made up for it at the bar four out of the next five nights or
whatever it was.
Giving your former coworkers at Uber some nice work to take care of.
Oh yeah. Yeah.
I don't even think I set foot in my truck for almost a week.
Just sat outside the house.
So I was like, Biz, have you, do you know if Kami's watched any hockey?
He's like, I think he was watching a ton of hockey until the hole-in-one.
So I don't know what your opinion's on and everything,
and if you've kind of stayed up to date with what's going on,
or you've got a team that you think might get it done here.
Yeah, you know what?
To be honest, up until the hole-in-one, I've never watched this much hockey.
Honestly, probably if you combine the
last 10 years i was watching i actually really enjoyed it like other you know if i was on the
golf course maybe i'd miss an afternoon game or something but other than that i'd come home and
i was watching a bunch uh since the hole in one that's kind of gone down a little bit and then
there was a little break or whatever but i'm gonna be watching a couple games again tonight
uh yeah i mean obviously around here Flames were a big disappointment,
kind of the same old thing a little bit.
You know, they kind of had Dallas on the ropes, 12 seconds left,
would have went up 3-1.
They instead lose that game, and that was it for them.
They lost the next two, and that was it.
So that was disappointing around here.
People were a little let down.
What do you think the problem is, Kami, in Calgary?
What's the problem from watching them?
You know what?
I mean, look, I hate to pile on.
I really don't want to pile on.
And I like these guys, and they're excellent players.
And if you're looking to move them, I think you really got to be careful.
It's not like you can just move somebody and magically everything is going to get better.
Like you can just move somebody and magically everything is going to get better.
But it's been a few years now where, you know, like the best players from what I saw were the best players for the Flames were Sam Bennett, Milan Lucic and Dylan Dub.
Now, that's great. Don't get me wrong. That's awesome. And losing Kachok after game two hurts, too, for sure. But you can't do anything about that.
I mean, I hate to say it but
the top guys need to do more than score one empty netter at even strength yeah I think that was the
deal you know on the power play whatever they're going to get their points on the power play but
man it's playoff hockey the whistles go away a little bit it's like you know you're the top guys
you have to produce a little bit five on five and unfortunately for them they didn't I don't know
what you do with that because it's hard like you know i mean for for people that don't watch the
planes that you know sean monaghan johnny goodrow and elias lindholm you know they didn't such a
five on five such a fine line right because you you want to give it enough time you don't want
to be the one to have traded away too early and then in the flip side of that if you do end up making a major
move you know if it's not successful it's going to be scrutinized and as a gm nowadays in the
shelf life like you know that could be your last move so true living yeah he's i thought he's done
an exceptional job since he's been there and you know making that team what they are i feel like
they're and i compared them to
st louis a little bit where i feel like there's just a couple more pieces and if they find the
right groove and they get the right stride but but the window is definitely closing i'd say like
i mean nothing gets done next year fuck like what do you do yeah like you know i agree trillium is
a great dude and i think he's done a great job and the flames have had an interesting year here with
you know brody collapsing on the
ice, the whole Bill Peters debacle,
COVID like every other
GM and everybody else, but it's been an interesting
year here and I think overall they've
played well.
But yeah, you're right. It's like, okay,
it's easy to
you know, if you're going to
get rid, you know, let's say you're going to shake
it up and people, some people are calling. It's like, okay, you're going to shake it up. Well, you're going to get rid, you know, let's say you're going to, let's say you're going to shake it up and the people, some people are calling.
Here we go. Here we go.
It's like, okay, you're going to shake it up.
Well, you're going to trade a 90 point player in good draw. Okay.
What are you going to get for him? You better get something. Sean Monahan.
Okay. Maybe sometimes, you know, he can be a little bit invisible.
He scores he's he's guaranteed 20 a year around here.
I mean, that's not easy to replace. So it's like,
you still have to make the playoff so if you
if you trade those guys you better make sure you do something good with them because otherwise
you might not get there it's it's super easy to say we got to get rid of them and it's so
because you're like okay well what are you gonna get i don't know i just gotta get rid of them
all right yeah it sounds simple enough it's it's not it sounds so much easier than it is to fans
yeah big time.
Oh, it's easy to just say get rid of the guys.
I mean, I think those guys could be very, very effective
if they just had a little bit more,
if they weren't so much for the playoffs anyways,
if they weren't so much,
if they didn't have to be like the primary guys,
if they could get in, which this is like we just said,
this is way fucking easier said than done.
It's not like you could just go out and pick somebody up
that's going to lead your team and be a first-line scorer.
That's not easy to do.
But if they could just get a little bit more here where those guys,
maybe if they weren't relied upon so heavily,
maybe that would take some pressure off them in the playoffs.
Kind of like Jamie, Ben, and Sagan.
I feel like they've picked it up definitely as playoffs has worn on.
But they drafted well, and they got these guys coming out of nowhere
where I feel like they kind of come at you in waves.
And maybe when those big boys, especially early on through these playoffs,
they weren't producing, well, the other secondary scoring,
the other guys were there to lift them up to overshadow that.
And now that playoffs are progressing, now it's maybe their turn to turn it on. And the it on the other guys if they're not clicking well it's all about kind of like survival as you make
your way through this thing and that's why you need the the depth and lineup now shifting away
from calgary did you watch enough of edmonton to have an opinion on them because i feel like
both the teams in the battle from alberta Edmonton, still like no answers. They're not even close.
They're not even close.
No, they're not even close.
Very disappointing for  yeah, I mean,
very disappointing for Alberta the playoffs, I guess.
I mean, Edmonton, Calgary a little bit, Edmonton even more so.
I mean, I'm sure those Oilers fans, they're downtown.
Half the streets are closed off around the rink for the bubble,
and their fucking team isn't even in there.
They're probably just rattled sitting in traffic.
But I don't know.
For the Oilers, from what I saw, I mean, yeah, you got high-end talent.
You got some excellent players there.
For me, anyways, and I'm sure there's more to it than this,
for me, I think they need to do something with that decor.
For me, look, he's done well for himself
but if oscar cleft boom has to play 25 minutes a night i think you're in big fucking trouble i
think he is a like a power play type guy give him some even strength minutes but he's not strong
enough defensively in my opinion where it's like he's your horse and he needs to play half the game
i like that ethan bear like there's some play half the game. I like that Ethan Baer.
Like, there's some players on the D-Core that I like for sure.
People really like that Ethan Baer.
I think that guy's good.
I think Nurse is good too,
but he kind of didn't make the step that people were hoping.
To me, he's the number two.
Most of that team is one line above where they should be.
It's like you get slaughtered just one low,
and then all of a sudden you're like, all right, this guy's not a first liner.
Well, he could play second or third line, and now we have a chance to win a cup.
So it's like the depth issues is good luck.
Good luck figuring it out.
100.
They've got a lot of work to do up there.
I will say for Oilers fans who are listening,
and I've been saying this all year,
I'm like, you know what? Yeah, okay. Maybe things aren't going great right now and we need to turn around. I'll tell you what, if I was going to pick somebody to be in charge, to turn it around,
Ken Holland would definitely be on my short list. So I think they're in good hands there.
I like their coaching staff. I mean, I never played for him. I played for Jim Clayfair.
Call me outside of Alberta, which players have jumped out at you?
Maybe some below-the-radar guys.
You know what?
The team that I've  from the games that I've seen that I've really
I think of extremely  you know what?
Vancouver's  maybe they're punching a little bit above their weight class
right now.
I think it's going to be hard.
If I had to pick a team right now, I really like Vegas.
I think Vegas, I mean, speaking of coming at teams in waves,
I mean, for me, when I watch a Vegas game,
it's almost like I have a hard time telling the first line
from the third or fourth line.
I'm like, man, these guys can all move by and large, and they are up.
They turn the puck.
They transition fast, and they are coming. They turn the puck. I mean, they transition fast, and they are coming.
Dallas is  you know what?
The Flames kind of let them off the hook there with 12 seconds left to go,
and they are rolling.
I think they just won now, so I think they're up 3-1.
So, yeah, those would be  I've seen more Western teams
than I have more on the East, but I like Vegas and I'd say Tampa's look good.
It's a little bit surprising too, for me being up three, one on the bees,
but those would kind of be the guys that I like so far.
Call me a, you and a flurry got something in common.
Your agents getting you guys in trouble. Cause didn't,
wasn't your agent the one who sent out that picture after you signed of you
just swimming in money on the bed?
Yeah, no, that was actually me unfortunately but sent that out and actually for the for the record i didn't fucking send that out my buddy put it on his facebook picture that was a horrifying
experience yeah i didn't even do that like i was that was had nothing to do with me other than
trying to get this guy out of here because he was hammered i'm like i need to go to bed uh yeah you know what i will say and i don't know what your guys's opinion on the whole
thing i did see it i will say you know what uh yeah okay and i like alan walsh we chat a little
bit i do like him he's awesome he's awesome he stands up for his players which i like maybe that
was a little bit a little bit, but I will tell you what,
I would have loved to have Alan Walsh as my agent
because I love the fact that at least he sticks up for his players
and when things aren't going well,
he's there to at least defend you.
Maybe that wasn't the greatest way to do it in that case,
but I had some agents that when things got tough,
they kind of disappeared,
where Alan seems like the opposite.
It's like, oh, things are getting tough.
Let me ruffle some fucking feathers.
He probably had a garbage can full of fucking vodka sodas
before sending that one out.
He just started Game of Thrones.
He was late into the game.
He's like, oh, this should be cool.
Fuck this guy, DeBoer.
Oh, call me.
Dude, I can't believe you got an ace.
I mean, the fact that you didn't lose the ball like Mayday in Irelandireland too that's a win you must have that thing up on the bookshelf
you know what i'm actually glad you said that i don't have it up yet but i got it in my golf bag
in a different pouch and it's still there and i'm glad you fucking mentioned it because as soon as
i'm done i'm going outside in my truck and taking it out of there but yeah no i didn't pull a mayday
and lose the fucking thing i still got it i guess i don't know i should probably write the date on it maybe and what hole i don't know those things are hard
to draw on yeah they are a little bit i have to find too many golf balls in my life take one look
at my swing they're like holy fuck let's get away from this guy anything else you wanted to talk
about before we let you go commie thank you so much for jumping on by the way this is uh oh man
anytime uh shit man i don't think i i don't have a whole hell of a lot man a whole fucking Before we let you go, Kami, thank you so much for jumping on, by the way. Anytime. Shit, man.
I don't have a whole hell of a lot.
If you're bored, we're in Boston.
I'm watching hockey.
I'm glad I'm in Boston, dude.
I would love to, but Canada and this fucking mandatory 14-day quarantine,
it's a joke.
You're forgetting about that shit.
I forgot about that.
Fuck.
I know, dude.
I want to go down.
There's some golf courses I'd like to play,
and there's some stuff I'd like to do.
But, man, unless I'm going to go down there for three, four months,
and then that's one thing.
Then if it's two weeks after a three-month down there,
then that's whatever.
But, man, two weeks, especially
I mean, two weeks sitting around in Calgary,
especially when the weather's nice, that's painful
because for a good majority of the year, the weather's not nice,
and then it's okay to sit around, I guess.
But hopefully they loosen this shit up,
and hopefully things start coming around a little bit.
It's getting a little old.
Yeah, I agree with you on that.
And thank you very much, dude.
Congrats, Unreal, Hole-in-One, Mike Common,
or one of the fan favorites, Spittin' Chicklets.
Thanks for joining us.
We'll talk to you soon.
Hey, fellas, thanks a lot for having me and I'm happy to
come on anytime. Thank you. Take care,
Kami. Your Battle of Alberta
Insider.
As always, big thanks to our
buddy, Kami. Always entertaining,
always forthcoming. I love this breakdown of the
Battle of Alberta, two biz, it's always good
stuff. Rick's not going to be happy.
No, of course. What else is no? Well,
listen, folks, hiring is more challenging than ever these days for business owners. Monica Stocks could relate. She needed to
hire for a pivotal role at our construction company, GS Group, but was having a tough time
finding the right person, especially with so many candidates out there. So she switched to Zip
Recruiter. Zip Recruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you. It finds them for you.
Its technology identifies people with the right experience for your job and actively invites them to apply,
which is why you should try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter.com slash chiclets.
That's how Monica found Lamont Jenkins.
She said that ZipRecruiter sent Lamont's profile to her around five minutes after she posted her job
because he was such a great match for the role.
Through ZipRecruiter, Monica's company has hired everyone from accountants to project managers to field scientists. But Monica is not the only
employee who loves ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employees who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality
candidate within the first day. See for yourself how ZipRecruiter makes hiring faster and easier.
Try it now for free. That's right, free at ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. ZipRecruiter.com
slash chicklets. Well, Florida Panthers might be wanting to go on ZipRecruiter because they're
going to be looking for a new GM. Lots of names bouncing around. A lot of names bouncing. Peter
Shirley's got thrown out there.
I don't know if his buddies from the media,
friends in the office are trying to get him a job.
I know fans are crazy to hear that.
But our buddy Edzo, supposedly his hat's been thrown in the ring.
A lot of teams seem to be hot for him.
I mean, he's been doing a lot of TV.
Yeah, you saw Kevin Weeks' name was up.
Bill Armstrong, the assistant GM in the Blues name,
has been mentioned by Elliott.
It seems Scott Mellenby, who's been in Montreal, is the assistant GM.
So there's tons of names out there.
The Edzo name, I just quickly think, the Derby's coming up.
So last year, if you guys remember, Edzo gave us the pick.
Where were we, Chicago?
He gave us the winner.
I had it.
So we got to have him back on this week.
But I think it's certainly different than what he's done the past few years,
but if you go in and impress in an interview and you crush it
and they already really like you to begin with, who knows?
They could be looking at somebody who's polished and is good speaking,
good giving press conferences.
You imagine they're all in on getting the team better.
They have expiring contracts.
Hoffman's gone, Badenov, Eric Holla.
They picked a goalie 13th overall that spencer night kids so there's there's going to be a lot
of work to be done by this gm but he's going to have a ton of cap space and you know biz it's a
tax-free state so you you just wonder why some of the tv names are involved but hey if they're
getting if they want to get how does that even Well, I was just going to touch on that. I mean,
as surprising as it may sound part of the job is being able to keep up with all
these names and like knowing the league and maybe knowing, you know,
asking enough questions because you know enough people where you're finding out
what these guys' personalities are like, you know,
whether or not they would gel with this type of team. So yeah,
as surprising as it may come off and, and, you know, whether a guy like Edzo would, would even like, you know, whether or not they would gel with this type of team. So, yeah, surprising as it may come off and, you know,
whether a guy like Edzo would even, like, you know,
want that type of pressure because it's a lot different than, like,
you know, going in front of a camera and, you know,
spouting out the facts and giving your opinion on the game
as opposed to controlling all these decisions
and constantly being under fire.
Like, it's, you know, it's a stressful position.
So, you know, I think that it benefits the fact that he's constantly
around the game and he knows everything.
I mean, Christ, you told me about the horse,
the way he's able to pick horses.
Well, maybe he's going to have some fucking luck in the drafts too.
All right?
Picking these young thoroughbreds, as we call them,
just like I was back in my day.
Looking techie thoroughblades.
But, yeah, a lot of names up for that position.
So, I don't know.
I think Sean Burke was another name I saw who is another name I heard up
come for the Coyotes job.
So, there's definitely a couple of vacant GM positions.
And who knows?
Maybe he ends up in Coyote land.
Oh, oh, oh.
That's a big difference, though, like you said, from TV to that, man.
Like, that's a job you don't sleep.
Your phone's on 24-7.
You need to have a great team behind you.
You have to trust your scouts.
No GM's doing anything worthwhile alone, right?
It's so many people that go into making a successful organization.
You just need that guy at the top to be able to lead.
I think part of what helps Edzo in not only having a history
of being a very good player and being around the game so long
is the fact that you have this Rolodex of people
and you're able to vet.
You're able to call around and see, like, you know,
is this a good person in this position?
Like, what have they proven?
Like, what was your experience with them?
And, you know, not a lot of people have, you know,
ability to have that type of Rolodex
and also that many people where they can have as mentors.
Essentially, right?
There's going to be people that have done it before
that he's able to reach out to in order to guide them in the right direction.
I will say I would be surprised if the Panthers hire somebody
who hasn't done this before with where they're at now.
Yeah, I would agree with that as well.
I mean, is Ray Shero another name that's popped up?
I don't know.
He's a pretty reputable GM,
and I know how things ended up the way they did in New Jersey,
and I think everybody was surprised.
But it should be interesting here.
There's a few head coaching jobs as well.
Absolutely.
We keep an eye on them, of course.
What else you got going on?
Well, you talk about the GM search.
So I played golf today. golf today with a couple buddies,
and one of them was Steve Greeley, who was one of the guys.
He's assistant GM in Buffalo.
So they recently were let go, but we're playing old sandwich.
So I'll quickly give you my round.
I striped the ball around today,
but I missed a five-footer for birdie on one
and missed a three-footer for birdie on two.
The putter's been a little bit of an issue, let's say that, this whole season.
So I think it could have been a crazy, crazy low round.
I ended up shooting 74, which was frustrating.
I made a double bogey on the back.
But me and my boy Billy Maharis,
we take 110 from these guys.
Really another kid, Rugo, the dude who hates Tuca and think he stinks, even though now
the Bruins can't get a save. Stay hard, Rugo.
So we win. We win 110
bucks off these clowns.
Well, Old Sandwich has this 19th
hole. It's so sick. Basically like a
gambling hole. You finish your round
and you walk over to the left and there's a tee
and there's a hole down the bottom. It's about
145 yards. Par 3.
Sick par 3. Okay, nice. Right? The 19th hole down in the bottom. It's about 145 yards. Par three. Sick par three.
Okay, nice.
Right?
The 19th hole, the bye hole.
You know, you lose your bets.
What do you do?
You double or nothing.
So we get up there, and these guys go double or nothing.
They want to get their 110 back, right?
So I hit one to about 20 feet.
It was a great shot.
My buddy, my buddy Maharis, he hits one over the green.
He's like above the bunker, kind of fucked, but I'm in good shape.
And then Greeley and Rugo, they missed the green.
They missed their done fucking they're dead.
So they were going to have a tough time making par.
Very tough time.
My Harris dunks his shot from behind the green in the bunker.
It's this sick flop shot that stops on a dime and then just releases like a foot drops in for two.
Thank you.
Two hundred and 220 bucks.
Phenomenal.
Well, this place is so sick.
So they now have another angle where you'll take the cart back up the hill,
but you don't go where you just were.
You go to another tee box.
Double, double, double.
They got this hole, but two different angles.
It's two different holes.
This is a degenerate course.
I'm like, hey, boys, there's another side.
Let's go up there.
They're like, yeah.
So we go up there. We go up there. I'm like, hey, boys, there's another side. Let's go up there. They're like, yeah. So we go up there.
We go up there.
I'm like, what are these guys going to do?
They're like, hog again, hog press, double or nothing.
I'm like, we're going to win 440 off these clowns.
So I hit a great shot.
Wind grabs it a little.
It just hits the left side of the green, goes in the bunker.
Whatever, I can get up and down from there.
Maharis hits an awesome shot.
My partner hits it to like 15 feet right of the hole maybe even 12 feet perfect i'm like oh these guys are
hugged rugo gets up there and fucking hits one like you know he's decent he's on the green but
no issues he's outside my harris greely it's 141 yards he He takes this nine iron, hits this unreal shot,
lands five feet from the pin, rolls up, spins back, boom, goes in.
No, hole in one.
Fucking hole.
Well, here's the issue.
Just an amazing moment.
We're going nuts.
I'm like, God, everyone's happy.
I'm very happy.
But I still just was thinking I was going to win 440.
Now I win nothing.
So it's still incredible.
Now here's the issue.
It was a sick shot. It was a beautiful scenario to get all your money back on this great play that we'll all remember. It is not a hole in one. It's you, you didn't write a one
on the scorecard. It's the tool. That's a perfect case scenario. Then we just finished having
discussion with commie. So you're telling me this guy shot this guy doesn't owe you 440 he's now broken
even and he doesn't have to buy rounds that's the fucking ultimate win yeah it was it was yeah right
he didn't i don't so here's the thing so we're talking after i'm like yeah i'm like dude it's
not a hole-in-one like and it's, everyone's in agreement. Grills posts on Instagram first ace with the video.
So grill,
I,
you know,
in the end,
it's funny.
Cause I was talking to my wife.
She's like,
well,
is it a hole in one?
I'm like,
no.
And then I was basically like,
it's too even,
it's too much to even explain to somebody.
You're like,
well,
I have one,
but it wasn't in the round.
It was in the 20th hole.
But what was the ninth?
It was a different tee to the same.
Is that worse than lying to your grandfather that you got a hole?
No, he didn't lie.
He didn't lie.
I mean, he put first ace.
I guess it's an ace, but I don't know.
Either way, it was an amazing shot, an incredible memory.
And I didn't make it.
Who would we have to consult in order to find out?
It's not a consultation.
It's not a hole-in-one.
You didn't write a one on the scorecard.
So it's the same thing.
But there's people out there who will say, like, he has a hole-in-one.
I'll say this.
The fact that your course has two degenerate holes, not only the night.
Well, it's one green and two different tees.
Well, that's two degenerate holes because you know it's being used again and again for degenerate gamblers.
Just seeing this thing.
That's the kind of place that I want to be a member at.
It's going right for the pin.
I'm like, this thing might go in.
How much money do you think is run and lost on that hole year in and year out?
So the first time I ever  the other only ever time I witnessed this was first time I ever played this place.
This legend, John Hines. He's not a member
there anymore. Just the best.
This guy brings me and he took 500 off
me and I'm like, fuck this. I'm like,
hog press on the buy hole
and I hit it to a foot.
Legit tap and I'm like, yup.
He dunked it right after me.
And he took a G off me.
He hit a hole in one
on you. I bet him the 500 I owed him, I put it to a foot.
I was like, thank God I'm getting that back,
and he aced it right after me to take a G note.
It was a pretty sick way to lose.
The other way I lost, I lost a bunch of money there one time.
Me and a buddy got worked in a match.
Yipper was on the other team.
Yipper played real well.
Brandon Yip, for anyone who doesn't know.
And then, so after the buy hold old sam you take the cards back and then there's a putter green
no there's a mat and you hit off this mat to a rock and there's actually you can hit the rock
it's more so we we lost a bunch of cash then we get to the rock and i'm like all right 400 a guy
or something if so it might have been five and then it's not 500 a then we get to the rock and i'm like all right 400 a guy or something if so
it might have been five and then if not 500 a guy if anyone hits the rock and yipper drilled the rock
this is how big of degenerates you guys are and then if you don't if you don't end up winning it
back there then you head to inside the clubhouse and then the cards come out yeah yep then you go
ac ducy and then if you don't win that back, you go to the bar and play bar-kino. Or then you play right-left-center with the dice.
Yeah, and then if all goes to shit, you just go to the casino.
You just have to drive to Foxwoods.
Now you can at least go into the city.
Is that place even open yet?
What, the one in Everett?
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I went there once just to check it out.
I went there four times.
I've went there four times.
I've been there for 45 minutes, and I think I'm down 30 grand.
I've never swung a hand in that casino.
No, I swear.
We won't be doing any advertising for that many times soon.
I went in one time, and I was there for five minutes.
I just lost 18 hands in a row and walked out.
It makes me nauseous to lose money gambling.
I wish I could say the same thing.
Oh, my goodness.
Wait, you mentioned something about incredible memory a minute ago.
Oh, God.
We got a stroke.
Oh, God.
So, R.A., we found his hidden talent.
We found it finally.
He knows what year any movie you've ever heard of in the 80s was filmed.
And I don't know how this even started.
So what happened was on the live stream,
on the 80s and 90s, on the live stream, we realized,
I don't know, we'll just throw it to the clip.
Can you throw it in, Grinnelli?
Yeah.
All right, so we're going to throw to what happened here,
and you see R.A.'s...
And there's also a fun element at the end of the clip.
We're going to get to play a game live
because he still hasn't looked up the movie.
We'll throw it to the clip
and we'll talk to you afterwards. He's got a computer open in front of him, though.
Ferris Bueller's Day Off. Is that
80s? Oh, yeah. John Hughes.
When's Big from? Big, 1988.
Tom Hanks.
You know the exact year?
What year was Ferris Bueller?
How do you know the years?
Bueller, I want you know the years? Movie buff?
Bueller, I want to say, was 86, I think.
Because, dude, work in a video store for 10 years.
What did you say?
You work at Blockbuster? Bueller was 86, right?
Yeah.
Okay, let's do...
What about National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation?
Christmas Vacation was...
Great movie.
Great.
Is it 89?
I think it was 89.
Was it?
All right, again.
Did he get it?
Got it.
What about Rambo?
Well, the first one, then there was Rambo First Blood Part 2.
The famous one, Rambo or whatever. That was 85. That's the year I was born. Rambo First Blood Part 2. The famous one, Rambo or whatever.
That was 85.
That was Heroes 4.
What about Die Hard?
Wait, Rambo Part 2?
Rambo First Blood Part 2.
You said what?
I said 85.
Wait, the first Rambo movie?
Rambo First Blood Part 2, 1985.
Right.
And then the first one where it wasn't like Rambo shoot him up.
It was like a PTSD movie.
I believe that was 82.
Yeah.
This is insane.
So Sylvester Stallone's in that one also?
Yeah.
You got Rain Man cooking here in the kitchen.
Let's go, baby.
When's Rain Man?
What year's Rain Man?
Definitely 1988.
Yeah.
1988.
Yeah.
1988.
Come on. This is insane. What is he saying? I got to watch Wapner. I got one. Yeah. 1988. Yeah. 1988. Come on!
That's insane.
What is it?
What is it?
I gotta watch Wapner.
I got one.
I got one.
I got one.
Braveheart.
That's the 90s.
95?
Fuck, yes!
What about, uh...
This is Pulp Fiction.
94.
He's saying that he's not even thinking.
I'm not good. This century. I'm not good this time.
This century, I'm not as good at it.
American Psycho.
So there you have it, R.A.,
and the one movie I did ask you about
and you didn't answer was American Psycho.
Now, you would never lie about this.
We can hook you up to a lie detector test,
and if any of you fans think he's lying,
maybe we can bring him on Maury Povich
and we get some more content out of it.
Now, what year was American Psycho released?
And I was thinking of the answer, and then he threw another one out of it.
So then I kind of got distracted.
You didn't miss.
I didn't give an answer, and I've been struggling with this.
Christian Bale, I know he was in Empire of the Sun as a kid, which was 87.
So I'm thinking somewhere in the 90s.
I'm going to settle on American Psycho is 1998.
98?
That late?
What year?
And Grinnelli's checking it.
Should have stopped while you were ahead.
The year 2000.
Oh, it's close.
But I know it was pre.
You were an 80s guy more than I am.
Well, I said all the 80s and 90s because that's when I worked at the video store.
So I saw everything that came in.
I would read the box.
So I just, I don't know.
I got a little fucking rain man in me.
Yeah, I had 2098. It was all around there but fair enough so what about uh braveheart 95 we did that yesterday
oh we did yeah i was watching you're good let's talk about a little bit about your um working at
the the video store i had a blast man it was my uncle and aunts i was a mom and pop shop they
actually used to own a grocery store right down the street in the middle of projects. That was my very first job.
It was starting to get a little violent.
My uncle got robbed a couple of times, so he sold that.
And VHS stores were huge at the time.
And he was the biggest video store in Woburn, Manistow, suburb just north of Boston.
Then Blockbuster started dropping egg all over the place.
Blockbuster opened like three blocks away.
And you just can't compete with them.
They're a monopoly.
They have so much more stock.
They were. And so we basically became became eventually we became a half new release half porno store
eventually our porno section just got bigger and bigger because blockbuster didn't even rate they
wouldn't even rent nc-17 movies so we had a very large adult video so that's when i mentioned
if you are a grown man and you're going to a video store and renting a porno and walking to the front of the store and plopping it down on the thing.
You're a psychopath.
I used to go to the places where they had the booth,
and I could just get the VHS and smack one off.
That's what R.A. was cleaning.
People, we would get a very diverse section.
You would have women come in, and yeah, sometimes guys come in,
you don't even want to fucking touch their money.
That was every once in a while but it's just regular
people man rent polonos in the 80s there was no
stigma about it there was a little room you go off to
the side and it was great for me and my friends
because we had an endless supply of new smart
back in the 80s they did have the room there
it was like no not a jerk off room a room
with the title so they could walk in
and not get judged by
their name I remember that I remember at Hennessy
what was it called?
I used to go over there and just a quick walk through,
because your mom might see that you're in that aisle.
You're actually a bit of a sick puppy if you show up to a VHS store that has the pornos, that has the beat-off rooms, and you go in there.
Nowadays, I mean, you think?
Yeah.
If you're walking into a store and then just renting a movie
and then going into a door like 10 feet.
Like think of how many bear ass cheeks have been on that seat before you.
Right away, then the door shuts, the worker just puts his headphones on.
Did you ever see that HBO show, The Deuce?
It was a great series.
The same guy who made The Wire.
I don't think a lot of people saw it.
It was about how Times Square went from this like shithole,
like all hookers, and they used to have these whack-off boots.
They were like disgusting. Like they had them all these whack-off boots. They were disgusting.
They had them all over the place.
They got rid of them, and then they Disney-fied Manhattan.
I think that's a perfect segue to actually something that I had jotted down here
is that Bella Thorne situation on the OnlyFans account
where she made a million dollars.
I think she ended up doing it back-to-back days.
Now, I don't know if you've heard the whole story with it.
So Bella Thorne ended up doing it.
Who was Bella Thorne?
All right, you might  she's an actress.
Wasn't she a Disney star who got into adult shit?
Disney, yeah.
I think she's like  she's very exotic, like, you know,
been and seen and done a lot of things.
She directs porn now.
She directs porn a little bit.
Okay, all right.
So  Oh, yeah, dude. She directs porn now. She directs porn a little bit. Okay. All right. So.
Oh, yeah, dude.
She ends up going on OnlyFans and ends up making a million dollars in a day.
And what they're saying she did was she promised everybody nude photos,
but when they logged on to get whatever they were promised, that it was like old Instagram photos that she was just recycling.
Long story short, she's got enough following where when she said she was going to do this it raised enough money where at the time
there was no limit on tips either so it's kind of it's created this this huge shit storm where
they call themselves sex workers right people on only fans i i think they refer to i've ever
done an onlyFans account.
So now there's all these new rules and stipulations that are happening
because Bella Thorne went on there and maybe altered some of the rules
where they have to wait 30 days to get their money now,
and nobody can tip more than 100.
So all these porn stars and people who are going on OnlyFans
who have these dudes.
So they were making bank, and then she screwed them.
She came in and some famous
chick who's probably already a millionaire and I would
assume and she did this and now
all these rules and stipulations
would have put more guidelines
around these sex workers
making money. So I don't know how you feel about
people on OnlyFans but
their bankroll is clearly getting affected.
I did scroll underneath one of her tweets,
and I can't say I was taken aback,
but there was some eye-opening photos beneath her tweet
that I didn't expect to see on Twitter.
I didn't know Twitter just let it fly that much until not too long ago.
Well, if she was saying she'd put nude photos,
and then everyone paid, and she didn't put nude photos like
there's some sick dude in his basement that's gonna like try to sue to get his money back
correct but the problem being is is is where now i think you can get your money out right away
where now they're making it you have to wait 30 days because of that situation that arose so these
people she shriveled she shriveled a lot of people then on
top of that she ended up lying and saying she was doing research for an upcoming movie and it was
with this certain director and the director already came out and saying no like we weren't doing any
research for my only fans this chick like like she just fleeced all these corny dudes for a couple
million sheets and she took off the tale as old as time yeah horny dudes
getting fleeced yeah uh all right gang listen that's like a modern day version of it it's
timeless timeless tale men are men are followed by the wrong things there sometimes hey listen up
we have an exciting opportunity for all you because let's face it we all shop online and
we've all seen that promo code field taunt us at checkout. Sometimes it's biz 20.
Sometimes it's not.
But thanks to Honey, manually searching for coupon codes is a thing of the past.
Honey is the free browser extension that scours the internet for promo codes
and applies the best ones it finds to your cart.
The Boston Sports Store is filled with Viva attire that will keep you comfy
as we head into fall.
There are tie-dye hoodies, classic tees, sweats, hats,
and active loungewear to keep you super cozy.
Right now, if you want to access this discount,
all you need to do is save 20 on Barstool Viva merch.
Just go to honey.com slash Viva.
This is the only way to save on this merchandise.
So go to join honey.
I'm sorry.
Go to join honey.com slash Viva.
Install honey if you don't already have it,
and then select your favorite Viva items for purchase.
And that's also spit and chiclet stuff.
And you'll save 20.
It's that easy.
Go to join honey.com slash Viva to save 20.
It's a pretty good deal, man.
Get some of that chiclet swag.
We got the new not a big deal stuff, right?
Not a big deal stuff.
We got playoff tees, and we're even doing a live stream on tuesday today i mean tuesday this week
7 p.m presented by roman islanders flyers how do you guys like the live stream is gonna put on a
condom for the live stream i'm gonna um no no first time i had no response to that i just blocked
out but um live streams.
I've been buzzing on the video games.
I won my first ever game today.
It was exciting.
I'm kind of getting into it.
You're a gamer?
I'm a gamer.
Your competitive fire is coming out, you can tell.
Yeah.
I'm a bit of a button pusher right now, but we're going to tone that down.
We need a bigger controller.
We need a bigger controller.
I got a big pause.
That's my issue. What else we got here before we wrap this thing up? Well, it's not good. tone that down and i'm gonna be a bigger controller we need a bigger controller i got big paws that's
my issue with so what else we got here before we wrap this thing up well it's it's not good well
we were out to dinner the other night and i was on twitter and i saw a bunch of tweets they just
said oh no oh no and i just you know i was did a bomb go off a city and nowadays you don't know
what the fuck's going on i did a search and the news absolutely gutting chadwick boseman who
famously played the title role in the marvel blockbuster Black Panther, died from colon cancer.
It's just 43 years old.
Incredibly, he was diagnosed back in 2016 at stage three.
Yet he continued to do this amazing, incredible work while dealing with cancer treatments, the resulting side effects.
I mean, Ryan Coogler directed Black Panther.
He had no clue the star of his movie was even sick going through any of this.
He made not only Black Panther, the two other Avengers movies.
He did the recent Spike Lee, Defy Bloods,
played Thurgood Marshall, plus
all the roles he did before he got
sick. But just knowing that this guy was going
through this, and he wasn't doing, these
weren't independent movies where you're sitting in a bar and reading
lines. These are physically demanding roles
where you've got to do stuff over and over.
I mean, it's just such a testament to the guy such a tragedy i think it was one of those times biz like you said
everybody on twitter was upset and sad about it yeah and i mean we also talked about the first
time on like the the massive big screen where you'd seen you know an uh you know african-american
who was a a main guy in a in a superhero first, like, comic book superhero was a black guy.
I mean, you know, Superman, Batman, Spider-Man,
and now, you know, like, little black kids have this role model to look up to.
Yeah, and those are, like, the subtle things that, like,
we don't even notice, whereas, like, finally, like,
it's taken this long for it to happen.
And it's such a sad story.
And the fact that he gave so much while being so sick
and going through it in silence is
It's the most, like, honorable thing.
It's so honorable.
It's crazy, and it's such a sad story.
And 2020 could not be getting any worse.
Let's just put it that way.
The videos of him talking about visiting sick kids
and, like, the whole time he was battling
and just to go out
the way he did is like you just you can't even imagine how hard it was for him some of those days
and you know there was times i think people were kind of like giving it to him for losing a lot of
weight yeah you just think like this this guy was every single all he did was decide that i'm not
gonna go out i'm not gonna have pity from anyone i'm gonna work as hard was decide that I'm not going to go out. I'm not going to have pity from anyone.
I'm going to work as hard as I can.
I'm going to try to change people's lives in any way I can.
And then he ends up, no one even knows.
And you hear the news.
So rest in peace because everything I've seen,
and I didn't know anything about him prior was that this is one of the best
guys out there in terms of what he's done for others.
So just, just an awful story.
And obviously he had great people. So just, just an awful story.
And obviously had great people.
Fuck cancer.
Yeah. Fuck cancer.
No,
by the way,
our buddy,
Coley at,
at Boston wrote an incredible piece,
incredible piece after a Bozeman died.
His,
his father passed from cancer years ago.
His mother dealt with it.
It was a very personal piece,
but he tied it into that.
And you know,
you'd probably be crying when you read the end of it.
And we'd like to pass this along on this.
Obviously we don't know when Bozeman was diagnosed.
It's nothing on him.
But get checked, guys.
You know, colon cancer, it can affect anyone.
It's particular with guys.
And guys like Haro's about stuff.
We know that.
They know who wants to go to get that procedure done.
Listen, I got it done early.
My doctor said, you're too young.
I said, it's history in my family.
It's fucking nothing.
They knock you out.
They do the test.
It's so worth it to get done because you can nip this stuff in the butt if They do the test. It's so worth it to get done.
Cause you can nip this stuff in the butt.
If you catch it early,
it's so treatable.
Um,
so,
you know,
don't be,
don't be a hot.
Oh,
if you see something off,
if you feel something off,
if you're over what?
40.
Well,
they say 50 and then they said 50,
but if you're over 40 and you tell your doctor,
like I want one,
you'll,
you'll get one.
It is true because like,
just what's what what's
the what what hurts by doing it early right nothing and the procedure is nothing i know
you know guys are fucking macho about shit yeah and they you know they gotta put a tube up your
ass they knock you out you gotta drink the drink i've done way worse shots in college than the
drink they give you and you go home and they tell you you know fucking you got a clean bill of health
well you gotta come back it's It's a really simple procedure.
And again, if something's off with you, your shit's different or you just stomach stuff.
Hey, hey, hey.
Well, that's a big clue right there.
So, you know, again, it's awful news.
Sympathies with his family and friends.
It's just one of these Hollywood tragedies that just punches you in the gut because he had so much more to give.
And I don't know if you saw the Spike Lee movie.
He was in The Five Bloods.
It'll carry an extra poignancy if you're watching now if you had seen
the movie so again
all the best to his family and friends and anybody
who knew him it's a terribly sad story
so you know we want to obviously talk
about that it was big news but boys do you have
anything else before we wrap up
be back later this week well you touched on
it early when you started talking about
his death.
You don't really know
what other people are going through sometimes,
and I think that sometimes
you just need to be a little bit more kind.
That kind of is a good way to sum up the episode
given the fact that we had Revo on
and touched a major social issue.
Yeah, I guess that's the way to end it.
Doesn't cost anything to be nice.
No.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you back here Thursday.
As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here
on Spittin' Chicklets.
Of course, thanks to our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka
and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our longtime friends over at Mugsy Jeans.
Huge thanks to everybody at Bardiama for taking care of us
at the old Chicklets house.
Big thanks to our friends at Roma for taking care of all the fellas out
there.
Huge.
Thanks to everybody at zip recruiter.
We love you guys.
Nice,
nice long relationship and a big thanks to honey.
Hopefully we've got some nice things to have with you guys too.
Have a great week,
everybody. Turned out to be the start of the day I'm not myself anymore
I've got my hands up and I'm going
