Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 291 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
We've had a couple series get extended to at least a game six, thankfully, in this round.
A couple goalies stepping up where we didn't expect it to happen, but let's go around the table, say hi to the boys first.
The Witchdog has left us for a couple days.
He's down at ACK Nantucket.
What's going on?
Yeah, I'm living the life here, hunting down that fudge prick.
Hopefully he's like 15 years old now, so I can just smack him.
Great to talk to you guys.
I miss being in the house.
Not really, but I sort of do.
Looking at you clowns sitting there right now,
all rocking the Chicklets merch.
I'm in beautiful Nantucket,
the Nantucket hotel.
What a gorgeous spot.
Thanks for having me guys.
What room with,
uh,
don't worry about it,
but is that what you're going to get?
I'm going to get some fan to leave you,
uh,
with the leaner with the dumping it.
No,
I was walking home from dinner and I walked through like the restaurant in this hotel is before I put my mask on to walk through.
Cause this guy's like like we need some pink
Whitney here I was like Jesus Christ yeah we do I go hangover will be unbelievable too he's like I
don't care so it worked out what a what a fudge kid was listening and found out what room you're
in and left you a nice hot steamy dumper and a leaner and for those of you not knowing who are
listening or wondering what a leaner is you know you just called a hot steamy dumper leaner is that two things or well no because i
mean there's there's two levels to it some guys are like insane savages on the road where like
you know if you fill up the garbage pail in your room full of water and then you go knock on the
door and then the kit that whoever opens it and then all of a sudden the water pours into the
room well yes i mean of course there's always somebody who takes it a step further where they
take a dump in it so then the fucking dump comes like oh man that that must have been a cheese
toast thing because that didn't happen in the national league as far as i know i mean uh what's
the other one that guys used to do they used to go in the room and take up the the top of the toilet
i oh upper deck upper deck hey um yeah that's a little different than shitting it
and then just pouring it in your room like on the floor.
The best was when
me and Bugsy took
Stolze's entire room and put it in the hallway
outside the elevator.
That was like you get home and you come off the elevator
and you're like, why does this look like my room?
I'm in the hallway. Well, everything was out there
in Tampa Bay. It took us
about three hours. I'm not
big with shit-related pranks.
Oh, I wouldn't fucking do it.
Are you nuts? Yeah, but you love telling us
when you have the shits, R.A., so it's like
I might rather have you prank me than always tell me
whenever you get a shit. R.A., actually, speaking of shit,
he had a nice, hot, steaming shower,
and then afterward, he had a crunch.
That's like the worst. Oh, after the shower?
Oh, I'm going back in the shower 100 times out of 100.
What if you've gotten all your clothes on?
And then I have to smash?
I'm getting back in the shower.
You can't take a nice shower and feel clean, chuck some deodorant on,
and then smash and be like, this is okay.
No.
I agree with you on that.
It's shit, shower, and shave.
Not shower, shave, and then shit, and then redo it.
How about R.A. High stepping out, though, on the intro there?
I was maybe the best.
Hello, everybody.
A little extra hometown pizzazz, you know what I mean?
Yes, it was.
I hear you.
All right, boys.
Well, in the first game on Tuesday, which we featured on our electric chair,
brought to you by the fine folks at Roman Swipes,
the Flyers won 4-3 in OT when Scott Lawton's tip beat Simeon Valamoff
12-20 into the extra frame to ensure we get a game six.
Philly had a 3-1 lead with under five minutes to go,
but a pair of quick strikes by the Isles sent it to OT.
Brock Nelson, this kid just continues to impress.
Another note, Oscar Lindblom didn't play, but he did take pot warm-ups, which is nice to see.
Whit, let's go to you for your take on this one first.
Well, let me ask you this, Whit.
Where did you make the Barzell interference that led things off?
I think it ended up going off his foot and going in.
So I was disappointed on the live stream to kind of go against my gut.
I actually thought it would stand, and then we were all talking,
and my original thought right away was that that goal is going to stand
because he isn't the one next to Carter Hart.
He isn't the one really causing Carter Hart not to move.
That was a defenseman.
And then you looked at how he got there, which was a push from behind.
I forget who.
Was it Pitlick?
I'm drawing a blank on who pushed him.
I think it was number eight.
It might have been Braun.
Am I going crazy here? He's 61. Either way, good hockey podcast to on who pushed him. I think it was number eight. It might have been Braun. Am I going crazy here?
He's 61.
Either way, good hockey podcast to know who did it.
But then just because the way it was reviewed
and how it looked pretty bad, him standing in the crease,
and the one reason that really made me switch to think it would be no goal
was because he kind of had his hands on the crossbar just chilling.
And R.A. kept saying, well, you have to show effort.
What was this term you were using?
And then Boucher said it also on NBC.
He was making no effort to get out of the crease.
Yeah.
Kana couldn't get over to try to make a potential save.
Exactly.
So if he's the guy next to Carter Hart,
and if he hadn't been pushed in, maybe it is called back.
But once it stood, man, that was a killer because the Islanders go up.
Usually they never relinquish the lead.
And also, if you look at the way Barzell's willing to get to the net,
I know he was pushed.
It just shows that not only do they have a goal and a 1-0 lead
and they're playing hard, well, then they're going on the power play.
So that's why it's so ballsy to review a goal now,
and it's probably why there's going to be video guys
let go a little quicker than usual.
Dallas just went one up,
one,
nothing.
We're watching game six here live one,
nothing Dallas stars.
So yeah,
the game,
you could say what you want and it ended up being very exciting,
but the first two periods were pathetically boring.
We were sitting there on a live stream talking about Casablanca and we were
talking about,
it's a wonderful life.
It's a black and white fucking movie. Watching
a playoff game with the Islanders involved
and then they went down and then it was
finally two goals down and they like showed
that they can be exciting when they need to score.
They tied it up and Philly got it
done in OT. So it ended up being a good game.
Nice little live stream but when you're talking movies
from the 1800s you got to think that for
the most part there's a team involved
who's pouring a shit.
Yeah, as far as the interference, no surprise that Vigneault
ended up challenging that.
I initially thought it might be called back,
but I was even wanting Philly to win deep down.
I was okay with it being a goal under the circumstances.
Am I glad that it didn't end up being the difference maker
and Philly went on to win in order to push this thing to six?
Yes.
We got to talk about Giroux finally getting the monkey off the back first goal in 24 fucking playoff
games you gotta imagine that's just big for the group in general like being like hey he's back
and then JVR end up potting his first of playoff as well and uh you know just going back to uh
to to Lawton I mean he must have got the skills coach out for that surgical tip and
overtime nice uh feed from proverov or at least to get it through but uh going talking about the
islanders i'll completely agree especially the first period what a fucking snooze fest but
they will have moments of the game where it it is fairly electric and i guess that would be the
argument for islanders fans but i'd say say overall, as far as a product,
it comes nowhere near those other series right now.
And I guess maybe we're just being a little bit spoiled.
Yeah, well, Dallas, Colorado has certainly been back and forth.
And Vegas and Vancouver has been the most exciting series.
The fact that that's still alive is  I was totally wrong.
Shocker.
It never happened before.
Last night I said one of these teams, if not both,
is going to move on in terms of the Islanders in vegas and they both lost so we're getting game
six in both of those series so i think we we've certainly kind of beat the drum on the islanders
being born in this series maybe being a little slow at least to get going early in games but
the rest of the series has been awesome besides if besides if you're ra and you get your bruins
undies on um I thought Carter Hart
made a couple really, really big saves in
overtime that kept them alive.
Yeah, early. There is a scenario
that people were talking about online where he
I must have missed it, where he cleared the puck out
and it went over the glass. Yeah,
I just read some of the refs gave him a warning
which, that's not something you're supposed to get a warning
for, you're supposed to get a penalty for it.
But, I mean, I don't remember the replay.
I know we had a lot going on the other night.
I didn't see the plays that happened live.
And most people complaining seem to be Islanders fans.
But, again, that's not something you get a warning for.
That's like a penalty or it's not.
Yeah, there's no gray area in that one.
It's over the glass without hitting anything, and it's a penalty.
Interesting that they use the verbiage of they're giving them a warning.
That's like pretty crazy.
But going back to how everything usually finds a way of evening out in the wash
is you go to the first goal that was allowed for Barzell,
and I'd say let's let them both fly here.
I'll tell you, man, these playoffs have been like one long tip drill.
How many unreal tips have we seen in these playoffs?
It seems like every game there's like two or three of them.
Also, another note, too.
Interestingly, Alain Vigneault came back from a 3-1 deficit
in the second round of 2015 playoffs when he was coaching the Rangers,
and it was against Barry Trotz and the Capitals.
Every single game in that series was a one-goal game,
and Game 7 went to OT,
and then eventually Vigneault lost to John Cooper's Lightning.
What year was that? That was 2015. Yeah yeah so I got home from Russia that year and then I went to New York to
watch Keith Yandel play in the playoffs with Foley we got so buckled Murley happened to be in town
too his wife he ended up sleeping in my room he was in New York City with his wife from Sweden
ended up sleeping in my hotel room with foals. So I remember that Rangers comeback. It was an exciting afternoon
game I went when the Rangers won an OT.
What a night we had. Jesus.
What a memory on you. Jesus.
Holy cow. Rain man.
Pitching wedge I hit in
2015 from 132 yards
into the wind.
R.A. goes, must have been a golf trip.
That's the only time you fucking remember
anything. I know. It's a golf trip. That's the only time you fucking remember anything.
I know.
It's selective memory, I think my wife calls it.
And game six is going to be Thursday, 7 o'clock.
And right now, Barzal and Sean Couturier are questionable.
So, obviously, we'll keep an eye on that.
We haven't been hearing too much of the questionable stuff because of all the unfit-to-play stuff.
So, it's kind of weird to read that.
But, anyways, moving right along.
And the nightcap on Tuesday,
Vancouver's Thatcher Demko had his first ever playoff start,
stopped 42 of 43 Vegas shots en route to a 2-1 win
as the Canucks also forced the game six.
Again, it was Demko's first start since March 10th.
He did relieve Markstrom earlier in the playoffs,
played absolutely lights out.
He was the 15th goalie in NHL history and the second in two nights
to make his first NHL playoff start
and win when his team was facing elimination.
I mean, putting his nuts on the line
and came through in the clutch, Biz.
Demko, beanpot winner?
What? Was he a beanpot winner?
I'm not sure off the top of my head.
He's a beanpot winner.
I mean, I don't talk about guys that didn't go to BU.
He wouldn't know anything about Boston.
But going back to
Biz, listen to me right now, okay?
If you play at Boston College, I couldn't give a flying fuck about you or what you do.
Like Alex Tuck, great player.
I don't know if you want a beanpot because I'm only interested in when the Terriers win.
So why don't you bring some facts instead of always asking me shit that I don't know.
Buzzing.
Now we got
No, I'm on vacation here.
I'm leaving that house and I got you.
How many beanpots did Thatcher Demko win?
Some kid that played at BC 15 years after I was at BU, the school that hates BC.
I don't give a fuck about Thatcher Demko.
But, no, great performance.
And I didn't hear before the game that  what's his name?
Markstrom.
I know.
We didn't know that.
We didn't hear.
That was a surprise.
Learned that one on Twitter right before puck drop.
But, yeah, quite a performance.
They stay alive.
I thought overall Vegas was pressing.
Like they
Yeah.
I mean
They wanted to end that series.
Yeah, they wanted to end it.
Just couldn't find the back of the net. i believe shea theodore had their only goal yes did you see the
ball my goodness are you kidding me take it over i'll let you take it over here so he walks right
to left the blue line and he's doing that so perfectly so agile he's able to cut back to the
right i think he beats one man or maybe two men then. He goes in, he cuts to his left, and back to his forehand.
I mean, it's very hard to describe.
I'm not exactly Jack Edwards, so the best announcer in the league.
So excuse me for not being able to perfectly describe,
but go check out the goal that Shea Theodore scored.
And I believe now it's five goals, 10 assists for 15 points in 13 games.
I mean, this is a guy who Anaheim had
and he ends up in Vegas.
He's just taken off since then.
And the ability for him to hop into the rush, get back,
he's so fast.
And that move the other night, I mean, you watched it.
I think, Chicklets, Mikey, you put the caption,
that's a defenseman.
It's a defenseman that scored that goal.
It looks like a goal like McKinnon would score.
So you thought that that might be the looks like a goal like McKinnon would score.
So you thought that that might be the beginning of a real long night for Vancouver and maybe they're goodbye,
but Besser gets a big goal.
And then Patterson gets the winner who,
by the way,
had some,
I was watching Avery's Instagram.
He,
he kind of noticed one play he made where he just like flicks it to
himself through the legs,
backhand through the legs to himself, collecting a pass in his own zone.
He's doing things all game long that make him so fun to watch, so enjoyable.
And this series has been the most entertaining in my opinion.
I think we agreed with that, Biz.
I know it's later, but I think game six will be nothing short of fantastic as well
because if Vancouver thinks that Vegas brought it the other night,
it'll be even crazier when they get together tomorrow
or whatever it is today when you're listening.
Yeah, I still have Vegas in this series.
Just very interesting.
Now you get the goalie dynamic again.
I would imagine no-brainer Demko starts again
because if they go with Markstrom, if he is healthy enough to go,
similar to a Bishop situation, right?
Whereas like Kudobin was kind of
riding the hot hand there and they and then they end up throwing bishop in then i mean we'll have
to get to that later it wasn't necessarily the greatest first period but uh moving forward i
think i think demko's got the net as of right now and then if he wins game six and then markstrom's
for sure healthy and even if he was before game six what do you do game seven i guess you gotta
you know crawl before you walk here,
so it should be an interesting thing.
But, I mean, Vegas just  if they can keep pouring it on like that,
I mean, the levy's going to break at some point.
Vegas outshot them 43-17.
That's a huge advantage.
Yeah, they outplayed them.
Vegas goes in the locker room after that game and says,
like, no worries, guys.
We played, honestly, unreal. We played
good enough to win. Let's just go back and do it
again in Game 6. I mean, even going back
to Game 4, we haven't talked about that
yet because Fleury ended up getting the net.
But, you know,
that third period comeback,
all the big boys showed up. We were talking about
Theodore Schmidt had a massive
game on the back end
for the Vegas Golden Knights.
And then, all right, you can hit us with the stats,
but I thought it was funny after Fleury had a great performance.
His agent, Alan Walsh, had a few tweets and a few stats to hit us with.
Yes, he noted that Marc-Andre Fleury hasn't lost to Vancouver in regulation
in 14 years while also retweeting the fact that Fleury passed the legendary Hall of Famer Ken Dryden
and is now sixth all-time in playoff wins by a goalie.
So, I mean, he probably would have done that anyways,
but I just think, you know, after the sword tweet,
it's like we're going to really look at everything with a fine-tooth comb now.
Well, no, I just thought it was awesome that he was hitting with all these numbers
and it was so fitting that, you know, after his first
that was his first game back after that happened, correct?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so, I mean, just, you know, to get the win
and then to throw a few stats out like that was golden.
You know, obviously, Lena started last night,
and I'm sure he'll be back in for game six,
but game six Thursday at 945, by the way.
And these series recaps are brought to you by Dude Wipes.
Dude Wipes are the original flushable wipes for guys.
Everyone is stocking up on toilet paper with coronavirus.
You need to be stocking up on Dude Wipes,
as Dude Wipes are better than toilet paper
and multi-purpose to use anywhere on your body.
Dude has many products to stay clean and hygienic
during this interesting time and all the time.
If you're not using any of these yet while dropping a deuce, do yourself a favor and check them out. You feel so much better and
fresher than only using just shitty toilet paper. They truly will change your life. The Dude brand
has also expanded into a whole new line of awesome products, including the new Dude Wiper 1000
bidet attachment, which is a lean, mean, poop-destroying machine. And Dude Bombs.
Dude Bombs, two-in-one bombs that you drop in the toilet prior to deucing.
They create an indestructible barrier that instantly neutralizes stank in the air,
leaving no trace of the crime.
As seen on Shark Tank, Dude has something for everyone with your everyday hygiene needs.
You can pick up this stuff at Amazon or Walmart,
or use the code H 10 for 10 off at
dudeproducts.com definitely got some dudes in this house this week for sure uh all right that
would have been perfect for after your shower oh god absolutely don't say that the worst i'm i am
gonna need another one but anyways moving right along tampa finished off the bruins in five games
after their ot went on Monday night.
Tampa's back in the Eastern Conference Finals for the fourth time in six seasons.
I thought the Bees played one of their best games.
Halak was, you know, he was up to the task, but Tampa just too much.
Vasilevsky outplayed Halak.
I mean, Halak wasn't bad.
Vasilevsky's just been so good.
The depth scoring, like I suspected, would have been a big difference. Victor Hedman, a monster, and he became just the third D
in the last 10 years to score a series clinching winning goal
in a multiple overtime game.
So a specific stat for you, Hump.
It's very specific.
But either way, let's go to you, Whitdog.
Victor Hedman's the best defenseman in the NHL.
The overtime winner is the perfect example of watching this guy.
He's so quick to lose pucks offensively and defensively.
He's the size of Chara pretty much.
He looks like, I know he's not as tall, but he's a monster.
He's got to be 6'6", off ice, but he skates like he's 5'10".
So he's able to fly around.
He's able to control the tempo of the game.
He plays so many minutes, and then he's just so good
and so quick to getting to lose pucks everywhere on the ice.
And he hops in, he makes that perfect shot, and shout out Pat Maroon
because that puck doesn't go in without the big rig right in front of Halak
and really causing an issue.
I just think that Tampa is such a better overall team than Boston,
and maybe throughout the year there were times when they looked a lot closer
in terms of ability and
overall,
not team chemistry,
but overall ability to get scoring from every line.
And during the year,
they,
they looked like it would be a really good series.
And then this series show,
they're not really close.
And with all these guys,
Tampa have locked up.
It's like,
Boston's got to be thinking,
Oh my God,
like we were dealing with this team for
the next as, as many years as we have left, these guys probably have even more to get it done.
So as a Bruins fan, it's scary with that division being just Tampa being the class of it. So I
watched that team and Braden point. I mean, you don't even talk about Kucherov. You talk about
point first through these playoffs. I would say that he's been the most dominant forward for Tampa.
Kucherov has not been bad.
He's been great, but that's how good point is.
He's able to show not only are you not talking
about a former league MVP, you're not even really
talking about Stamkos not playing.
So has there been any talk of the chance
of him coming back?
He hasn't played since February.
From what I'm hearing is maybe finals.
Like I talked to a couple people, they said not close. And that was probably a week ago, him coming back he hasn't played since what i'm hearing is is maybe finals like like i talked a
couple people they said not close and that was probably a week ago maybe maybe a little bit over
a week ago so that's that sucks because you know you you'd hope that he can inject especially come
like late in playoffs so they can inject that into the lineup i mean we talked about sometimes it
maybe messing up lines because like you got to put him top six and there's a lot of work to do to get back in that like rhythm of the game get back in game
shape all of a sudden the physicality is there because it's playoffs so um yeah interesting to
see what happens with that but going back to Boston um you mentioned a few question marks
going into the offseason and having to figure out a way very similarly to to Pittsburgh it's like
you have this core group where you can win now.
How do we find the right pieces?
Well,
there's a few that are unrestricted free agents that might end up leaving.
One of which being Torrey Krug.
And that is a big question mark for this Bruins blue line.
And then you beg the question is,
you know,
is Chara signing?
If he is going to come back, what's he going to be asking for?
I imagine not much, but can that money maybe be used
in order to sign Krug back long-term?
I guess we could start with the first one being Krug.
I think they should bring him back.
I think he's a perfect piece.
I don't think he had necessarily the strongest playoffs going against Tampa.
I don't think many guys in the Boston lineup looked overly good,
but you can't just  if you take the small sample size of the bubble life
and you go that based on his full body of work as a Bruin,
I think you're absolutely ridiculous.
The only other question is, as rumors have it,
that Detroit is going to make a strong offer,
him having gone to Michigan State and him being from there.
Are Bruins going to be able to match it?
And will he be willing to take a hometown discount?
R.A.?
Yeah, he's already said he would take a hometown discount.
Of course, we don't know what that's going to be,
where the cap's going to be flat now.
Things aren't going to go up.
So that changes the game immensely.
I mean, he's probably on a regular open market.
He's probably a 9 million defenseman.
Someone would give him that, I would think. I mean, Detroit probably would on a regular open market. He's probably a 9 million defenseman. Someone would give him that, I would think.
I mean, Detroit probably would.
Any team with cap space.
But now he's going to probably have to temper those expectations.
He's making five and a quarter right now.
And you mentioned Chara.
This is probably the most buzz I've heard about is Chara coming back or not.
Last year, you know, wasn't as much talk about it.
This year he made 2 million.
If he doesn't come back, that's another 2 million you could put toward Krug um I don't know what do you think I mean he a lot of
people like I said they get on him when he makes a bad mistake but I still think he does a lot do
you think he's gonna be back or what I don't know I can't so here's a here's the thing that
if you were just gonna take the post-pandemic bubble, like, he's done, right?
I mean, it was a struggle out there.
But there was times at the beginning of the year
throughout the regular season before everything,
all the shit hit the fan that, man, he was still getting it done.
And yes, Bruins fans, I mean, they've hated him
when he was like the Norris Trophies at AO Chow.
It's like he can look goofy at times,
but he gets the job done on the PK. He makes
certain plays that may not stick
out to somebody who has no shit about
hockey and thinks they do.
To people who want an offensive
defenseman who can make an awesome first
pass and
look the part of a headman
or even the way Krug looks, he's not that guy.
It's certainly getting worse and worse.
He was. You look at this guy. He's not that guy, and it's certainly getting worse and worse. He was.
I mean, you look at this guy.
He's played over 1,500 games and over 190 playoff games,
and I think he's had like over 40 points, I want to say, 10 times.
It's been  this guy was  if this was it for Zdeno Char,
that's a first ballot Hall of Famer that went from a guy
who barely could skate in the minors playing for the Lowell Loch Ness Monsters, I believe.
The Lowell Loch Monsters.
He played for the Kentucky Thoroughblades, too.
This is a guy who could barely skate,
and he went on to become one of the best defensemen in his era to ever play.
So if this is it, oh, my God, we'll have more discussion when we do hear
if he is retiring or if he's not coming back.
But 43 years old turning
44 next year and if you watch this bubble and how he played it was it was rough man you can't say
anything but the fact that if he got the puck you know he's kind of stuck in the quicksand you know
he's chipping a lot of pucks out a couple icings there aren't many tape to tape passes there aren't
many smooth breakouts that kind of go through him. So I just think it was hard.
I mean, that much time off and to hop right back in,
it's not easy for anyone, especially a guy who's that tall
and in his mid-40s.
Yeah.
So in the end, my answer, I don't think he's back.
Me neither.
But he's now back.
There you go.
It's just weird because, like, to me, if you're bringing him back,
there's no way you pay him any more than basically league minimum maybe like 750 yeah he doesn't need money i think he saves every
penny he's probably made 100 well right and and you know given if if the production continues to
decline where it was is he is he maybe the seventh but it's fucking zidane ochara he's the team
captain you can't like not have him in the lineup it's just an awkward dynamic so for all those
reasons combined
and the fact that they do need a little more money in order to sign a few guys and keep them as
pieces yeah i think we may have seen the end it sucks because i i believe a man of that stature
and what he's done for the organization it would have been nice to see him get a better send-off
you know maybe at least in front of fans because i think they might have known that and just like
you know the energy in the building.
It would have been cool to see.
But if not, I would imagine they'd be
raising his jersey to the rafters.
No doubt about that.
No doubt.
And outside, you probably agree,
outside of Big Papi,
he's probably the biggest free agent signing
in Boston sports history.
Without a doubt.
I still remember I was telling you.
I thought Papi was a trade.
I'm pretty sure he was a free agent. I thought he was a free agent. Well, Papi was a trade. I'm pretty sure he was a free agent.
I thought he was a free agent.
Well, if he was a trade, then it's obviously Chara.
But I was in Toronto the day they signed him.
It was like 2006, and I got a text.
I thought my buddy was punking me because he said,
Oh, the Bruins signed Savad and Chara for the max contracts or whatever.
I was like, get the fuck out of here because the Bruins gave nobody anything for money then.
And that was huge.
The whole franchise changed when they brought him aboard.
Obviously, they only got one title out of it.
Went to two other.
Three trips.
Yeah.
And I'll always remember the lockout year.
What was that, Biz?
2012?
13?
13 was the.
When we came back and played half the season.
Lighting up Cardiff.
Yeah.
So we were skating at BU
it was like Marshawn, myself
Keith Yandel
a bunch of guys, Looch was there
I'm drawing blanks but like Mike Greer
and Jay Pandolfo were kind of like
running us through skates
and Charo was
overplaying I don't know I think he went over
and played or he was over
somewhere there was Slovakia overplaying in the KHL I don't know. I think he went over and played. Or he was over somewhere. There was Slovakia over
playing in the KHL. I don't remember.
Our commercial's on biz. Oh, I want to throw
up. Jesus Christ.
I can't see this commercial. Time for Harder's Shot.
Time for Harder's Shot.
Woo!
So he's over wherever he was in Europe.
Now, we were skating four
days a week at BU.
I think it was 8 a.m. Then we'd work out.
And, you know, I'm skipping the occasional skate.
Looch is skipping the occasional skate.
It was his lockout, dude.
Like, you know, what are you doing?
Chara landed at Logan at like 3 in the morning one night on a Tuesday
and was in the locker room at 7 o'clock with his bands doing his hip workout,
skating with us like 5 hours later.
So it just kind of shows
that this is someone who'd been to the top.
He was as good as you could get in the NHL
as a defenseman at that time, especially.
Especially? Am I saying that?
Egg specially? So he landed at
3 and then he was there. Dude, the guy was at the airport
going through customs and basically
went straight to
BU to skate.
He's just an animal.
We've talked about it many a times.
His demeanor and professionalism and his work ethic
just trickled down that locker room.
Fucking raise his jersey to the goddamn rafters.
Get a fucking statue out there.
It'll be up there.
One other quick note, too.
Stamkos could potentially return at some point.
There was an article today.
He hasn't played since February 25th.
So if he does come back, like you said, having his hands in his time,
that's probably going to be an issue for him.
Now, last thing to see there, too.
Could you imagine, I don't know if McDonough's back yet,
but Stamkos and then a full healthy Vegas lineup,
those two teams going at it for the cup final
I know I'm getting out of myself and I'm starting
to I'm going to get the Kleenex and Juergens
thinking about it but holy shit
last thing about
Char if he is gone it would be
nice to finally see the C
on Bergeron oh yeah
wow I feel like he has
to have that C at some point he will
but what are you shaking your fucking head at, Grinnelly?
No, I just said that.
I was up.
I was up getting a drink on vacation.
I didn't hear it.
I'm glad you mentioned it a second time.
Whatever.
Bruins are out.
See you.
Bruins are toast.
Dallas versus Colorado.
They're playing right now.
The Stars are up three games to two.
Game four, Colorado jumps into a 5, nothing lead in the first period.
Uh,
they chased Ben Bishop.
They made it stand up in a six,
three victory.
Uh,
the story for this one with me,
Michael Hutchinson,
this guy was drafted 12 years ago by the Bruins.
He bounced around for hair.
They are everywhere.
He had his first ever playoff start.
It was a big one.
Stop 31 of 34 shots.
So he's obviously back in there tonight.
Uh,
this could end tonight.
We could keep dragging on. What do you got on this there biz i feel like we've speak this goalie situation
into existence it feels like every fucking game there's a guy they're playing goalie switching
uh let's start out with hutchinson i think he was in calgary at one point too but every time every
time he's ended up somewhere you know depending how they're using him, usually when he gets the net, he performs up to standard.
And he's been a journeyman, but a great story there.
But on the other side of things, I would imagine at this point,
Qudobin maybe needed a little bit of rest,
not used to getting the net so frequently
and with Bishop finally healthy and coming back.
But it wasn't a great debut, so they finally start Goodobin in game six here.
But depending on how that one turns out, I mean, fuck, who do you go to game seven?
So great start to that game for the Colorado Avalanche.
They don't want to go home.
At this point, the story is that they lost their starter, and Eric Johnson, and that
has made a significant difference.
To me, Dallas has played really out of their mind.
Their offense continues to pour it on, and they just refuse to go away.
They're kind of St. Louis of last year.
They're drawing similarities in terms of really being heavy and hard to play against. Now, Vegas, they haven't looked like themselves since Johnson went down
and since Grubauer got hurt.
And, you know, at the beginning of these playoffs, they were just
it was like, oh, my God, who the hell is going to touch the avalanche?
Now, maybe they're kind of with that game five win,
they're kind of starting to really, I don't know,
figure out how they need to play to kind of play against Dallas without Johnson
and get the second line involved, right?
McKinnon hasn't been an issue.
Rontanen's no issue.
Kadri's been solid the whole time, but they needed more.
And they needed more from the depth players.
That's why Tampa's so good.
That's kind of what we're talking about.
No team wins with one line.
And I think at times Colorado players are able to kind of fall into that trap
of like they're just doing so much on the ice.
We don't really need to do much.
But that effort they had at the beginning of the last game,
it totally made up for game four, which it was kind of pathetic.
I mean, it was 3-0.
They came back and tied it, right, Grinnelli, that game?
I believe so, yeah.
You called it.
You called it.
But still, it's like too little too late.
And they just looked so scared at the beginning,
and it was the complete opposite in game five.
So a huge goal for them to tie it up.
It's now the second period, a minute in.
They tied it up with 30 seconds to go in the first.
So 1-1.
We got a good one to watch here when we're done.
Hutchinson, his last thought was way back March 2nd.
He did have a relief appearance,
but that's a pretty long time to go between starts to play such a good game.
So I love stories like that.
Guys getting thrown in to journeyman-type players, man.
It'd be a great story if he could pull off another win tonight, I'd say.
Yeah, big time.
Oh, oh, oh, hold on.
I wrote this down.
So you posted the Pink Whitney first year birthday.
It's our birthday.
First year, right?
One year since Pink Whitney came out.
Correct.
And you posted a picture, Mikey, where we're all around the cake.
And all these people writing me, why are you hugging cake?
Why are you hugging the cake?
Like a piece of trash putting your hands on the cake.
My name's on the fucking cake, you idiots.
Every person that's reached out to me on Instagram, like, why are you touching the cake?
What a scumbag move.
Did you see the name? It doesn't say Grinnelly, Bissonette, or me on Instagram. Why are you touching the cake? What a scumbag move. Did you see the name? It doesn't say
Grinnelli, Bissonette, or Admiral on it.
I can touch the fucking cake with
my name on it, so shut up.
To be fair, I don't think you really eat the
icing on those types of cakes, so you got to eat
what's on the inside. Grinnelli and I inhaled
the icing on that cake. Right where I had my
fucking ring finger on it.
Why are you touching the cake?
Shut up, because it's my cake.
What are you talking about?
How many Caymuses have you had tonight?
I haven't had any.
I've actually had one.
I had one beer at dinner, and then I just grabbed this, a Mighty Swell.
Free ad.
There you go.
I think my Beanpot comment got him a little upset.
By the way, our pal the Nate Dog, he has a 13-game point streak to start the playoffs.
It's tied for the third longest ever falling.
A couple of guys named Trotty,
a messy and,
or not a big deal.
And I,
and just a minute or two,
we're going to bring on Mano.
She is the first ever female athlete to play at the top four major
professional sports in North America.
And she did so with the Tampa Bay lightning.
She played against the St.
Louis blues.
I think it was the first period of an exhibition game. And, uh, Brett Shani actually got, and she did so with the Tampa Bay Lightning. She played against the St. Louis Blues.
I think it was the first period of an exhibition game,
and Shani actually got one on her.
So we talk about a little bit of that in the interview,
and excited for you guys to hear her story and keep an eye out for some things that she has coming out pretty soon too.
Absolutely, but before we get to that, I just want to say what's up, gang?
We know it's Labor Day in the States this weekend
as well as Kentucky Derby Day. Lots of people are going to be having a few cocktails, but don't be
a pigeon about it. Everyone knows about the risks of driving drunk. You could get in a crash. People
could get hurt or killed. But let's take a moment to look at some surprising statistics. Almost 29
people in the States die every day in alcohol-impaired vehicle crashes. That's one person
every 50 minutes. Even though drunk
driving fatalities have fallen by a third in the last three decades, drunk driving crashes still
claim more than 10,000 lives each year. Drunk driving can have a big impact on your wallet too.
You could get arrested and incur huge legal expenses. You could possibly even lose your job.
So what can you do to prevent drunk driving? Plan a safe ride home before you start drinking, designate a sober driver, or call a taxi. If someone you know has been drinking,
take their keys and arrange for them to get a sober ride home. We all know the consequences
of driving drunk, but there's one thing's for sure. You're wrong if you think it's not a big
deal. So drive sober or get pulled over. Check out the hashtags, Hashtag drive sober. Hashtag ride sober.
And hashtag impaired driving.
Again, if you're going to be having a few this weekend, people,
don't be stupid.
Be careful.
Get a driver.
All right, Bez.
I think we should send it over to Manon Rayon right about now.
Manon Rayon.
We can work on that, all right?
Okay, we will.
Manon.
Well, our next guest was the first woman to play for a major North American sports league
when she appeared in a preseason game for the Tampa Bay Lightning back in 1992.
She won two world championship gold medals and a silver medal at the 1998 Olympics.
She's also served as a collegiate goalie coach and played professionally in both men's and women's leagues.
Today, she is known as a pioneer of women's hockey.
It's a pleasure to introduce Manon Rayom.
Hi.
Hello.
Thanks for coming on.
I hope I wasn't boring you.
Is it all right for you to be sitting there?
Oh, that's great.
It's actually going to be the 28th anniversary coming up here on September 23rd
when you became the first woman, of course, to go to a major sports league to try out.
What was your initial reaction when you guys got the call from Phyllis Pizzito
that you were going to get invited to training camp?
Yeah, actually, I met Phyllis Pizzito at the NHL draft in Montreal.
I was working for RDS as they're just helping them out, doing things like that.
So, Phillip still saw me there and introduced himself.
And he heard about me, saw a video of me playing.
And that's when he invited me for the training camp.
Now, Manon, Phil made no secret.
You know, they were trying to promote hockey in Tampa at the time.
But did you realize this should also be beneficial to you in some way and that, way and that you were going to get what you needed to out of it as well? Actually, when I was younger, a lot of
people said no to me because I was a girl. So I was good enough to play at the highest level,
but they didn't want a girl at the AAA level. So I faced that over and over. So at that point,
I didn't care why people were, why he invited me to the training camp. And at the end of the day, I had to prove myself.
It didn't matter if they wanted to invite me only for publicity or because I belong there.
I needed to prove myself.
And I didn't want to have any regrets.
I decided to go for it.
So, like, did you have this added pressure built up because you were going to be the first
and you wanted to go there and prove yourself? Or when you got there, was it was it pretty just, you know, you settled in nice and you didn't feel any of that pressure that you either put on yourself or felt from the external?
A lot of people said to me, you're not afraid to look bad there.
And I didn't even think about that.
Some of the guys that I played with growing up or playing a major junior with was going to camps too.
So it's not like I didn't play with some of those players at that level before.
So I was excited about that. But I remember the walk, the first night at our team meeting, I was sitting in the back with some of the French players,
because my English was really, really bad back then. And they asked for everybody that was
sitting in the back to come sit in front, because nobody was in front. So I started walking down,
and I was looking around, and I saw all those big guys. And I kind of like, that was the moment where I almost like freak out a little bit and said, what am I doing here?
But when I got in front and the meeting started and the next day we started skating, everything was fine.
I'm interested in the beginning of your career playing hockey.
I mean, how you got into the game and how much your family was involved.
your you know career playing hockey I mean how you got into the game and how much your family was involved and I'm just wondering like who really introduced you and and how evident was
it that you were really good it didn't matter you were a girl playing with boys it was like you were
one of the top players I mean was that quick and right away in terms of when you're playing
organized hockey yeah I started playing hockey with my brother at home I had two brothers that
play one of them play in the NHL won a Stanley Cup and I was just playing at home. I had two brothers that played. One of them played in the NHL, won a Stanley Cup.
And I was just playing at home with them. They were actually using me as a target.
They were dressing me as a goalie every time I asked to play with them. And they put me in that
and just practiced their shot on me because no girls were playing hockey at the rink.
And then one night, my dad at dinner table, he was talking to my mom and he said, I'm coaching this team.
And now I nobody expressed any interest to play goalie for the tournament upcoming tournament this weekend.
And I don't know who to choose. And so I said to my dad, why not me?
I do it with my brother all the time here.
At first, they were not sure my mom look at him and she wanted a little girl to do more girly stuff.
But after that, they said yes, and I went for it.
I remember the first time I got to the rink, my dad put a helmet on me before entering the rink
because he didn't want the parents to see that I was a girl and that was me in that.
He wanted to make sure that people would judge me for my performance on the ice and not because I was a girl and that was me in that. And he wanted to make sure that people would judge me for my performance on the ice and not because I was a girl.
And that's how I got started.
You were the first female goalie to play in the Quebec Peewee tournament back in 1984.
Ryan played in that as well.
Actually, we won that tournament.
With what team?
South Shore Kings 1997.
I've actually never brought it up so i'm glad
how cool congratulations no man you know people think i'm full of shit how cool is that tournament
it's like you get played in front of so many people it's every kid's kind of dream come true
at that age it's the most amazing tournament i think you ask any nhl players that went there
they would tell you the
same thing. I remember my first game, I played in front of 15,000 people. And, you know, I just had
to happen to that my, you know, back then we had like suspender for our pants. And the suspender
kind of broke before the warm up. And 15,000 people in the stand. I'm losing my pants. My dad was my coach and he was trying to fix my pants.
I was bent over by the bench and it was the most embarrassing moment in front of
15,000 people, but we ended up winning the game. So that worked out good.
Awesome. I know, I know kids at that age can be pretty nasty to each other,
especially back in the eighties, but how receptive were they to you?
Whether your opponents or your teammates back in that journey?
You know, most of the guys were really good, like on my team,
because I was doing well in that and I was a big part of the team.
So obviously, you know, they welcomed me on my team.
Most of the players I play against were good too,
but a few times I got a couple of players that tried to be funny.
I remember one game when I got a little
older like a guy crashed into me and I fell down on my back and he kind of crashed over me and he
wouldn't get up and I was stuck in underneath him and he thought it was funny and he got a two
minutes for it but so I had to face a few things like this but nothing bad going back to that peewee tournament a few years before
you attended they'd actually changed the rules that a women women were allowed to play in it
was that because you were coming up and at that point you'd already gained that national
recognition and they in fact they knew you were going to end up playing in the tournament because
you were good enough yeah that was um they changed the rules because in Quebec, we had so many teams that played.
So you have to qualify to be able to play in the tournament.
You cannot just enter the tournament.
So the year prior to my Pee Wee year, it's called Atome.
Back then, it's courts in the U.S.
And I went to one of the major tournaments there, and I won the U.S. and I went to one of the major tournament there and I won the tournament I think
that was a one nothing game and I got so many shots on that and they had a little article on
me in the newspaper so I think the peewee tournament people thought like okay if she
kept going like this and her team's doing well she's probably going to make the tournament because
we had to qualify after a certain amount of month playing so um and then i end up we end up qualifying and making it to the
tournament the following year and around that time you actually got to skate with your your
childhood idol or at least one of them dan bouchard who played for the nordiques uh you
mentioned it was your childhood interview in one of the articles. Any other people you look up to at a young age?
You know, he was my favorite player.
I was a goalie, he was a goalie, and he was great for the Quebec Nordics and for people that know the Quebec Nordics.
If you're from Quebec, you just love the Nordics,
and that's what everybody talks about in school.
I remember when it was Quebec-Montreal game for a week at school.
That's all everybody was talking about.
So it was a big deal.
So having a chance, I got on the ice with them and practiced with them.
And the cool thing is after Tampa Bay, when they signed the contract,
signed me on a contract and I went to Atlanta, Dan Bouchard was from Atlanta.
And my first game that I played, he was there and we got to meet and talk Bouchard was from Atlanta. And my first game that I played, he was there.
And then we got to meet and talk.
So that was pretty cool.
You know, I got to know Dan Bouchard a little bit.
My buddy Brian Yanda was working in Atlanta.
And he used to  Biz, I'm not lying to you.
He would stand  tell me if I'm wrong here.
He would stand in the net and he would flip his goalie stick upside down.
He'd say, shoot it as hard as you want on the ice.
And he would save it with knob yep with this yep that's something he would do it's incredible
any other any other funny things you learned from him when you skated with him
not many things there but i remember a few years after i think when it was the 50th anniversary of
the tournament uh they invite a lot of players that play in the tournament.
And I know Mario Lemieux was there and Dan Bouchard was there.
And we only had two goalies.
And that was me against Dan Bouchard on the other hand.
And that was really cool too.
He was still playing.
Like I was older, obviously, but he was older than me.
And I couldn't believe that he was still playing at that age.
I'm curious.
I'm kind of jumping around years here,
but there had to be a bunch of people who said no chance you'd be playing
in the Quebec League.
And that's guessing.
Maybe I'm wrong, but the way it was back then,
you must have had to really kind of battle through some people
who said they didn't want you there, they didn't think it was going to happen
for you to play in major junior.
there they didn't think it was going to happen for you to play in in major junior actually um after it took me all the way up to band temp for a coach to allow me to play at the uh back then
the double a level in quebec was the highest level so i try out for four years in a row like when i
was peewee when i was courts and actually the people were telling my dad don't bring her to
camp um there's no way
she's uh we're going to take a girl on our team we don't want to take the spot of a guy that may
be making it to the nhl one day so um so i but i keep trying every year my dad didn't tell me that
so i thought i was getting cut because it was not good enough so i would go and train even harder
the following year but when you do that for four years in a row, and I finally got to Bantam,
and the coach in character was a male or female.
He just wanted to pick the best goalie.
And not only I made the team, but I was playing the big games
during those two years of playing doubly.
And the following year, it was Midget AAA.
And everybody knows you guys, Midget AAA is right before Major Junior.
That's when you start getting drafted.
And every single goalie that played in the AA level got invited except me.
So at that point, I thought, okay, like, this is it.
I'm not going to have any chance to play at the highest level.
And then I tried to go back and play at the AA level,
but they were waiting for kids I was
getting cut from the AAA and take those kids so now I didn't have room there either so I was kind
of like discouraged and I didn't know what I would do and someone talked to me about a women's league
in Montreal that was the only place that women's hockey was pretty good and it was in Montreal so
I was driving two and a half hours every Saturday night
to go play hockey and since we were women our game were at 10 30 11 o'clock at night or 11 30 starts
when guys were done playing and I would come back home like at three four in the morning and but
that was my only option and but but i remember our team was doing
very well and we end up playing in the canadian championship and the final was on tv and i did
very well and that's when one of the coach from the major juniors saw me and i got invited to a
practice he was impressed and he invited me to the camp the following year. It must be so cool for you to see where women's hockey's gone because, I mean,
you truly were one of the pioneers. It's such great perseverance. I'm wondering,
those years you were getting cut and you said your dad didn't tell you it was because you were a
girl. You must have said, I'm better than some of these guys. You must have been outplaying people
and constantly seeing yourself not picked. It must have been super frustrating.
you must've been outplaying people and constantly seeing yourself not picked.
It must've been super frustrating.
It was frustrating, but I think that that's what helped me to get to where I was.
Cause I didn't never give up.
And I told myself one day I will make that team.
And that was my motivation to keep working harder than everybody else out
there.
And that's something that's stick with me,
not just in hockey,
but later in life, everything I do, I kind of do it 100.
But I learned that from hockey.
Manon, you were also the first woman to play in a major junior game.
Did you start to see yourself as sort of this barrier breaker,
or were you just so focused on the hockey because you were still so young back then?
You know, I just cared about hockey back then.
Like even when I went to Tampa,
I never thought that my life would change like this.
I was just going there to camp.
And I even remember when they asked me
to go do the show, David Letterman.
I didn't even know who David Letterman was.
I was from Quebec.
I speak French and I'm like,
I never, we didn't have English TV back home.
So it's not until like a couple of years later, uh, I watched the show and I'm like,
Oh my gosh, I was on that show. That must've been pretty cool. When I did TV on that show,
that guy's on the cover of us weekly. I was on a show. Um, maybe it was, maybe, you know,
it's cause of your language or, language or or women's hockey and call in
the college game wasn't as big yet but was that never even kind of an option for you at that point
but yeah back then hockey was not big i didn't have any option like i said like younger my only
option was this woman league in montreal and i was not even a big league um they only had a few
teams playing and we had to go to this championship to play Ontario.
That was once a year.
So college hockey.
I never heard of college hockey before that.
So my option was playing with the guys.
And after I went to camp, I think a lot of people talked about it was just a publicity thing.
But one of the coolest moments, I think it's 20 years later
I did a radio interview with Terry Chris and he was on interviewing me now he was the coach
in Tampa and back then he admitted to me that he was not for having a girl coming to camp he was
not happy with Phil when he found that out and And he said, but you really deserve to play that game
because when we did the camp, we started with a mini tournament. So every team had two goalies
and every goalie was playing a full period and we were rotating around and play all the teams.
And I finished out of the eight goalie, the third best average in safe percentage and goals against in
that mini tournament and he said on the radio um that I earned that spot to play an exhibition game
and nobody talked about that back then and it was really cool that it took 20 years for someone to
say we didn't have her play the exhibition game just for the bliss that she did her in it and
but it's kind of like back then like people didn't talk about my performance they were just talking
about the fact that I was the only female there well I was I was questioning on whether to go
into that like I remember listening to one of your interviews and some of the crazy questions
that some of these reporters were asking time and you look back 20 years and you're like, oh, my God,
the fact that these guys were asking those things,
you get booed out of the room now.
Like one guy even mentioned, I get cringy even thinking about it.
He said he asked you about your period.
Did he not?
I know he did.
And that's when I said to him, listen, I said, actually,
I play better on my period.
That's not a bounce, but it. What a creep. What a creep. I play better on my peers but I can't believe that someone would
what a creep
what a creep
yep so but or
did you break a nail when you practice
like just silly things like this
but you know what that was back then
and that's it's so amazing
the last few years with this whole
woman movement
a lot of people ask me to do
tv interview and different thing and my story the way it's portrayed now versus how it was
portrayed back then it's such a big difference um and it's amazing to see how far we come from
when i started to play i uh i hate to be the the Debbie Downer here. You were cut from that 97 world championship team with everything you'd been
through through your career.
Was that the biggest letdown at that point in time?
It was like another adversity that I faced.
I remember the moment that it was so hard for me to get cut.
It's that year.
It was my best pro year with the guys that's the year that
I play like more consistently and I had like we I was playing on another good team but we were
getting like bombarded of shot every game and I think they went through like four or five goalie
that year on my team and I finished with the best goals against and the best average of the team. And so it was just like,
I came out of like that feeling good about my year and going to camp with the
national team. But what was really hard for me, it's the timing.
So when you play with the guys, a shot was harder with the body checking,
the game was played differently.
I had to learn to play the puck behind my net,
which the first few years were tough.
So it was just a different game.
So when I went back to camp, they felt my timing was off and they went with someone else. And I remember they told me that news and I had 20 minutes to pack up my bag and face the media.
And that was the thing, too, that I had to deal with.
face the media. And that was the thing too that I had to deal with. When I play with the guys,
all the media was there talking about me because I was the only female that played with the guys.
And every move I was doing, every game I was playing had to be great. If not, they were saying she doesn't belong here. And then when I go with the woman, it's like, oh, she's the girl that plays pro hockey. So she should be amazing and always be great.
So when I got caught, maybe I was waiting because they want to talk to me about it.
And I remember that moment of like that 20 minutes to pack up all my bag and be disappointed and crying.
And then walking down and face the media.
It was probably one of the hardest things that I had to do in
hockey. And then the bad news is my flight was not going up until the next day. So I had to spend the
night in a hotel by the airport by myself. But it gave me the time to reflect on, you know,
it happened to you before, like all your life, you used to getting cut from a team and bounce back.
And I said, this is not going to stop me because a lot of people thought I would never come
back to the 98 training camp at the Olympic, the Olympic year.
And I just went back home and I started back then, believe it or not, but we're not like
now where all the players, NHL players or national team players, they're athletes.
They train all year long, weight training.
I look at Kendall Quinn.
She's just an amazing athlete.
We didn't do that back then.
Most people were going to camp to get in shape.
I remember in NHL, my first camp, you do step up and they put their finger on your neck and they look at
with one minute, your heartbeat.
That was our testing.
Oh, man. Bring me back.
That's my NHL.
I know.
That makes me feel old
talking like this.
So when I went back
home, I'm like, okay, I'm going to hire
a trainer and I'm like, okay, I'm going to hire a trainer.
And I'm just going to like really work out and get stronger and get better.
And like when they see me back in camp, they're going to see a totally different person.
And that's the attitude that I have.
So not only I went back in camp, I was the first one on the ice, last one to leave the ice.
And I made the team and I played the gold medal game.
I was watching that unfortunate loss to the Americans.
That's all these guys.
I'm the only Canadian on the podcast.
But what was that experience in Nogginal like?
It was like just an unreal experience.
I can still remember and feel the moment the first day we step up the bus at the village.
Like your heart is beating like 100 miles an hour.
It's just surreal to think that you're there in the opening ceremony when you walk out, when they name your country and you start walking around.
It's just you couldn't, you couldn't stop smiling the
entire time. It was just like the most amazing experience, not just playing the game. Cause
when you get on the ice, you forget where you are. I remember I was so nervous before my Tampa
Bay game, but I stepped on the ice and you know, it's just, all those thoughts are gone. You're
just playing a game. So when you played the Olympics, so it's kind of the same thing.
stats are gone you're just playing a game so when you played the olympics so it's kind of the same thing it's all the outside that it was just absolutely amazing when you think back to that
night of your first game with tampa bay do you remember every shot and every save or is it just
a total blur at this point you know i i remember a few things i have a funny story with that but i
remember that walk from my locker room to the ice was probably the most nervous I ever been in my life I felt like my heart would like jump out of me and but
what was really cool is when I stepped on the ice like the butterfly went away and I was just like
in another hockey game but I remember getting scored the first goal, which was the longer shot. It was a slap shot.
And I'm from Jeff Brown, which he's got a great shot.
But it happened so fast that after the game and even years later,
I never watched the game again.
And years later, I always thought it was like a bad goal for me.
Like I was not happy with it.
The second one was like, like you know nothing I could do
about it but then I think it was like 15 or 20 years later when they talk about me playing and
they show like the goal I get scored I realized that Jeff Brown not only it was not a bad goal
he walked into the zone it was a top of the circle slob shot and in my head for about 15-20 years I
thought it was outside the blue line so it made
me feel so much better to to see the replay other than that it's like it went so fast like that
20 minutes was probably the fastest 20 minutes um because i was just in the zone and enjoying
every single moment of it i think shanahan had the other goal and he said that it didn't matter who was in that, he was going to score.
Is it true that you had to play a different style of goaltending?
I know you mentioned that the timing is off, but when you're playing against the men,
was it more stand-up style as reverse to butterfly when you're playing against the ladies?
You know, the butterfly style, it kind of came in. When I compare goaltending style, I was more like a Marty Broder where, you know, the butterfly style, it kind of came in, like, when I compare, like, goaltending style,
I was more like a Mardi Gras where, you know, we're about the same age.
And the butterfly style kind of, like, came in a little bit after.
So in my transition with the women's game, I think, like, in 94, 93, 94, that's when the butterfly was way more,
like, the goalie, like, was learning it and things like that.
So I was kind of in between where I was more standing up when I was in Tampa and as the year go on.
So by the time I was at the Olympics, like I was using more the butterfly, but I would say it was more a mix of butterfly, stand up, like just do whatever you have to do to stop the puck.
Back then, it's not like the kids today.
They have like their trainer.
They have private lessons and all that stuff.
We didn't have any of that.
I grew up with a family that I had two brothers playing.
My parents, all they were doing is being in the rink with us.
So the practice, you learn on your own, basically.
I know, and I think people also maybe forget it wasn't just that one game in camp you were practicing with these guys every day playing scrimmages with them did you have a sense any or maybe animosity or resentment from any teammates
like big guys maybe teeing you up in practice where they maybe wouldn't the other goalie
you know i most of the team i've been on like the guys were really supportive and good to me i
remember in camp they were not taking it easy
on me because obviously it was kind of embarrassing for them if the girls were to stop the puck.
And something I remember, I went to camp and when I walk into my locker room, they had a big
chest protector waiting for me. And I look at it and because I was a smaller goalie,
protector waiting for me. And I look at it and because I was a smaller goalie, I was like, no way I would, I would fit in that or I would be able to move. So I kept what I had. And it was
the same chest and protector that I had when I was peewee, because I didn't really grew that much
more. So the only thing my dad did is put two pieces of plastic in front. And, you know, I
started the camp and those guys were shooting the puck as
hard as they would shoot and sometimes even harder because they want to make sure they score
and by day one uh already my bruise my arms was all bruised and the trainer had to had padding
to my chest protector by the end of the camp my chest protector look it was just hilarious to see
it because it was just like you had to
build padding to it to be able to for me to continue to play but not be bruised every shot
i was getting that's awesome and uh you got some other stuff coming up here uh i know you're
releasing a children's book as well right yes um the the girls uh angie valero, she met me a few years ago, actually.
And she wanted to do, she's a producer and actress, and she writes film.
And she wanted to do a movie, an inspiring movie with a woman's lead.
And someone was telling her about all those girls that play in the NHL.
So when she did the research, she realized it was only me. So she contacted me and we started talking about it. She said, I want to
do a movie about your story. And not only she wrote the script for that, but she also wrote
a children's book. And the children's book is coming out in October 20th of 2020. So I'm excited about that because it took me years to realize that my story
inspired people.
And this book I'm hoping that's going to be able to inspire young girls to
follow their dreams and not just girls,
because I heard a lot of parents telling me that their boys did something in
school about me, or they have a poster of me.
Even Mike McKenna that played in the NHL,
he interviewed me once,
and he said that when he heard about my story,
he said, if a girl can make it there,
I can make it to the NHL too.
So I want to be able to continue to inspire people,
and this book hopefully is going to do that to young people.
You're coaching a girls' team in Detroit now, correct?
Yes.
So I work for the Detroit Red Wings Youth Program, the little teaser,
and I run the girls program and also coach the younger girls.
So I'm doing this and being busy with the book,
being involved with the movie, and also doing speaking engagements.
I'm curious, because professional hockey for women, it's kind of had a tough go.
You know, there's been different leagues, and so many people talk about what needs to
be done.
What's your opinion in terms of what needs to happen to kind of get to that next level
where it just continues to grow and gets a little bigger?
I think, like the WNBA, I think we need the support of the NHL to be able to really make it happen.
And not just the NHL, because I think that the NHL is supporting,
you know, some of those leagues.
Now they have two different leagues that's playing.
But having the support of the teams too, because if, you know,
it's hard, like everybody knows, for a professional team
to be successful and make money.
But if we can share, like the marketing people, if we can share the facility, the locker room, the trainers with the male professional team, I think that may be a way that they can be successful.
I guess the last thing I was going to mention is, you know, given all the accolades and everything you've done throughout your career and inspiring so many young girls uh they are putting a bronze statue of you in front of the
video what in quebec what i know hopefully it's better than ronaldo's
messed it up was it him or david beckham they were joking around with when they made a crazy
one there but that's pretty cool that's a probably an exciting time for you yeah it was like you kind of unreal when they asked me like is it okay if we do that
then it is an honor to um to be chosen to do that and to have my statue in front of the the facility
there and uh it's my own town so that's that's the reason why I made it to where I made it because
I got all those opportunities so it was pretty cool. Manon have you been watching much of the
playoffs and if so are you pulling for any team in particular? I was gonna have a soft spot for
Tampa and since the Red Wings are not in the playoff right now, you know, I'm cheering for them. So hopefully they'll do well.
I know Vegas is doing well too, so we'll see.
I think it's going to be maybe a Vegas-Tampa final.
I got to ask you about the agent, Marc-Andre Fleury's agent,
throwing up the picture of him getting stabbed in the back
with the coach's name on it.
What do you make of that?
I didn't see that.
Really? Okay, watch it.
No, I didn't see that.
I guess I can quickly explain it.
Long story short, of course, they pick up Leonard,
and Leonard's got the starting net right now,
and Fleury being the backup.
I think the agent wasn't too happy about it
and threw up a picture on the internet with a big sword in Fleury's back,
and the coach's name was on it so obviously there was a a bit of a media frenzy about that but
all is well now I guess in Vegas they've made up and it's good to go but Mark Cardiff Fleury is
such a great guy like he's just such a you know I I'm sure that he you know this is the way it is
and that's the the one of the reason I think Vegas got a chance to make it far
because they have two goalies that can play
and they have four line that can play too.
And the coaches utilize everybody.
And I think you said a successful team the last few years,
it's the people that are able to play the four lines
and they always have like fresh legs.
It's tough like that many games
in a short period of time and sometimes your goalies you know playing that many game mentally
it's physically it's tough but I think it's for goalie mentally it's even harder.
I did also want to mention that you're the first woman to appear in a regular season professional
game when you play for the Atlanta Knights that's another feather in your cap I wanted to show the
audience. That's why she's getting a statue yeah one of the many reasons oh one one
thing we didn't mention was your rollerblade career as well i know the new jersey rocking
roller and the sacramento river rats that was a cool thing to do i don't know if any of you guys
played um that was a lot of fun that was a our summer job, basically. When you play in the
minors, it's not like you can take the summer off. So that was a way to have a summer job.
I don't know if you still skate anymore, but most of my buddies who played goalie,
they won't play goalie now that they're done competitively. They play out. If you still
skate at all, are you playing forward or are you still in net?
Actually, I'm skating out.
Not only am I skating out, but every time someone asks me to do a charity event,
they always want me in net.
And I'm like, nope, I'm skating out now.
All goalies are the same.
You guys are done with goalie when it all ends.
Yeah, and don't put me on defense.
I want to stay as away as possible as the net.
So I want to be in the on offense and it's my time to
score. You'll be hitting other
people in the collarbone now. But
thank you so much for coming on. This was
great. Was there anything else you needed
to promote in the meantime? I know you got the book
coming out. Yeah, why no movie? When's
the movie going to happen? You know what?
It's been such a, like,
it's coming. It's coming. It's been such
an amazing experience up and down as far as like, you know, we get to a
certain point and now like COVID happened and it's just like, take a step back.
I remember when Gary Marshall came on board a month later, passed away.
It's like, you know, you got all that momentum and you got gary marshall coming on
board as an executive producer and a month later it passed away and it just took like a step back
but uh it started as a small indie film and now more people got involved and bigger people and
it's just uh the project got bigger and it's just taking a little bit longer that plan i think it
could be a monster
i just want to know who you'd have as the actress playing you actually andy the one that wrote the
movie um she's the one that's gonna play me and we become really good friends she stay with my
pants to try to learn the language and and just to see like the accent. She had a little bit of French, but just to be able to
get the accent and people now make fun of me because I live in the Midwest and I have a French
accent, but they think that I have a Midwest accent mixed to that. So I'm not too sure.
But so we just become really good friends,
and we have a lot of comments, and a lot of people,
every time they see us, they think we're a sister.
Well, you're certainly worthy of a blockbuster feature
with your history, Manon.
I'm certainly looking forward to seeing it when it does come out.
We want to thank you so much for joining us.
Like I said, you're a pioneer.
You're a legend of the game.
It's been an absolute joy to have you on,
and we hope to have you on again someday.
Thanks for having me.
Big thanks to my own Ray Holm for joining us, Biz.
It was great talking to him, man. I remember when that happened, I mean, Christ, 28 years ago, it was.
It was a huge story to have a woman play in pro sports, and it was an exhibition game, but she was also the first woman to play in a regular season pro hockey game when she played in the
IHL, which she did several times. And like like she said she didn't realize she was a pioneer until all
these years later when all these kind of like kid boys and girls looked up to her so yeah it was a
treat having her on really enjoyed her personality best of luck at the the statue unveiling yeah and
in the movie that movie will be legit i think absolutely nice all right gang hey everybody
knows the monthly cost of cable is over 200,
but FuboTV is 65 a month to watch the same channels,
and you don't have to pay for a DVR or an installation.
FuboTV is how you should be watching TV.
Get everything you want all in one place for less than the cost of cable.
FuboTV brings you over 100 channels, a DVR, and no hidden fees.
Stream your shows on TV or any other smart device.
They have the major broadcast and cable networks.
You can find all your favorites, including primetime TV and news.
And with FuboTV, you'll never miss a game.
They have the NFL, NBA, Major League Baseball, NHL, Premier League,
La Liga, college sports, and much more.
And there's no risk to try it out.
You get full access to FuboTV for seven days for free.
And right now, FuboTV is offering our listeners the seven-day free trial
and 15 off your first month by going to FuboTV slash chicklets.
That's F-U-B-O-T-V dot com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
There are no contracts and you can cancel anytime.
Want more for the people in the back?
Go to FuboTV.com slash chicklets for 15 off your first month and a free trial.
That's FuboTV.com slash chicklets.
How do you like me now, Biz?
Rutherford not wasting any time.
And I know that's coming up.
I'm excited to talk about the Penguins.
Yeah, well, we got to trade first.
The Blues, they sent Jake Allen to the Habs.
The Habs got Jake Allen in the seventh in 2022.
The Blues got a third in a seventh in 2020.
Allen's got one year left on his deal with a 4.35 million cap hit.
I'll tell you, it's a lot of money to be spending on two goalies in Montreal,
huh, Biz?
Yeah.
Odd move.
It was an odd move.
So now, I don't know if it's a case of when you're in an organization like St. Louis,
is it okay to keep five goalies?
Or are you essentially burning another contract if you do so?
Because now they're down to four.
And I don't know if that's common.
But yeah, I mean, mean carry price probably needs a little
bit of relief in not having to carry it's such a massive load um geez um but yeah I like you
I saw it I just didn't understand it really other than that I I don't know what to say about this
because maybe there's more moves to be had or to be done.
It's just kind of odd to think that you have this goalie that's that good.
And we've talked a lot about the two-goalie system.
And I think every time we've maybe not mentioned to each other but kind of thought like Price is maybe an example of somebody you don't do it with.
You know what I mean?
Correct.
Where it's like there's a couple guys, it's like, no, no, no, no, no, no.
He's the guy.
And Price is that.
So with how much money Allen makes, it's certainly interesting,
but we'll have to see how it plays out because there could be way more
to be had before we see how this kind of ends.
I think Bergervan's made some interesting moves.
Bergervan.
Are you insinuating maybe he picked him up in order to retrade him at some point,
given the fact that the two-goalie system has been so valuable?
Maybe a team is unable to address that position,
and they can then trade him off for more than what they paid for him?
Possibly.
Is it another goalie situation that I'm overthinking?
When you have a goalie question or thought,
your brain is like the dude from Always Sunny
with the numbers everywhere on the wall.
Oh, shout-out to memes.
Shout-out to memes with you running away from paying the bill
for the hole-in-one meme.
That is just...
All class.
That's top.
That is a touch of class by memes.
But that wasn't the only thing going on in in montreal no but if i had to guess because i say he's gonna move uh alan because
that's almost 15 million dollars in goal he doesn't make it makes zero sense makes no sense
so i'd be surprised if he's in uh the blue blanc rouge he's trading price start the rumors uh yeah
that's not the only news out of montreal it sounds like Max Domi's days could be numbered.
That's the speculation.
The RFA to be shit-canned is agent Pat Persaud,
who was good friends with the Berger van,
and now he's repped by Darren Ferris.
He reportedly butted heads with Claude Julien,
who was obviously a defense first coach.
We'll obviously keep an eye on this.
What do you think is going to happen here, Biz?
I've heard a few rumors.
I've heard Buffalo as a landing spot or Toronto.
I mean, I imagine Toronto fans are saying, you know,
that's the type of guy with a little bit of sandpaper to his game.
I mean, if you remember some of these fights he's had over his career,
I think he knocked out Ryan Kessler at one point.
So he's a tough cookie.
What I think is, and this is my opinion on Max Domi, I think he's a very, very tough cookie what i what i think is and this is my opinion on max domi i
think he's a very very strong third liner on a good team you know it's it's tough on a championship
team on a championship team and and if he's gonna be in the top six he's gonna have to have an
offensive type minded coach who really lets him do his thing kind of like the london days i know
when he first got to arizona it it was very similar to that in his first year
and then had the off years next year.
And Montreal then had a great year.
He was back in an environment where he was thriving, very similar,
where the fans are in the building, kind of like it was in London.
And it seems like the juices were flowing where now they got Claude Julien,
buttonheads, defensive-minded.
So I don't know.
I'd like to see him get a fresh start somewhere, especially a team.
I mean, Toronto would be cool to see.
And if he can keep adding to that physical game and maybe concentrate
on being a little bit more well-rounded where you're bringing
that physical element every game, I think that that will eventually
find him a home
and one that he can stay for a while.
Yeah, any team...
Being a little bit too critical, or is that a pretty good...
No, no, no.
I think that there's times,
and any team who signs him is really going to be looking at 18, 19.
I mean, dude, 28 goals and playing every game and over 70 points,
that's...
You're talking about a guy who can, first of all, demand a lot of money.
And second of all, a ton of teams are going to want, but then this year happens and that's
coming off to prior kind of not poor years, right?
He's over 40 points both years in Arizona after the rookie year that was real successful
when he had 50.
But you got to think like that's how the last four years in the league, three of them have been kind of third line numbers,
a really,
really good third liner.
But if you're going to be on a championship team,
I don't really picture him as a first or second line player.
Now,
maybe I'm crazy and maybe he could easily prove what we're saying wrong,
where he goes out and he's a really good player on a second line for a cup
contender.
But I don't know. There's some things about his game that kind of disappear. where he goes out and he's a really good player on a second line for a cup contender.
But I don't know.
There's some things about his game that kind of disappear.
Now, Julian has had plenty of players, and you can talk about Riley Smith being one of them,
that have gone on to do special things that he necessarily maybe didn't love as a player.
Would you agree with that, R.A.?
It didn't seem like Riley Smith ever really got his full trust.
Yeah, and if Claude don't trust you, he's going to bury you on the bench.
Exactly.
So they obviously  he decided early in watching Max play
that he kind of wasn't his style player.
The whole season went the way it did.
He didn't score in their 10 playoff games, and it's time to move on.
So it depends on where he ends up, but you saw his first year in Montreal
after getting a change out of Arizona, which probably felt so good to him,
and he lit it up.
So don't be surprised if wherever he goes next year, he has a big year,
but you just wonder where he fits in on a really good team.
I just,
when I watch highlights and I see him just being that agitator,
I feel like it gets,
that's what's great about him.
Yeah.
I think it gets them more involved in the game,
but it's,
it's,
you know,
when you're trying to put up points and be a top six guy,
it's tough to,
it's tough to maintain that level of,
like, you know the best in the league at it?
Marchand.
Well, I was also going to use Kachuk.
I feel like Kachuk gets more involved with that stuff now
than Marchand on an overall basis.
But, yeah, I guess either one.
And if you can really bring that type of chippiness every night
or at least 70 games of the season,
to me I think that that's going to put him over the edge
and turn him to the ultimate player he could be.
All right, moving right along.
The Panthers' search for a GM has ended.
They've hired Bill Zito to a five-year deal to be the next general manager.
He was working in the Columbus front office for a while.
He's a very well-respected, very well-liked guy.
He is well-known for his integrity.
Guys have been dealing with him for a long time
on both sides of agent and front office.
So it's going to be interesting to see what he does.
Go Florida, pretty much up against the cap right now.
Mike Hoffman, he makes a little over 5 million.
He's UFA to be.
Evgeny Dadunov, he's got 4 million there.
I mean, potentially 12 million coming off the books
if he doesn't sign anybody.
Got to bring back Hoffman.
He still has to do some
serious roster adjustments
there, wouldn't you say?
Oh, yeah. You say 100
bring back Hoffman, Biz? 100.
What are you paying him?
Well, I mean, his numbers have been good
the last few seasons. That guy's a guaranteed
25 goals. Yeah.
Just guaranteed, if not 30.
I mean, oh, God, I'm going to roast it for this.
What?
State tax is helping them.
It's not re-signing Florida, and you know I'm bringing it up with.
And I think that you could probably get them there for
if I'm him, I'd probably be looking at about 6 million there,
which is a fair number.
So Mike Hoffman, if he's on the open market now,
I kind of have a tough time.
What?
I know that's what that's.
I'm not,
I'm not going to be able to make calls in terms of money.
Like I think I normally would just because of the flat cap and what's
happened.
But yeah,
I mean,
dude,
this guy,
he's going to want six,
seven years.
Yeah.
He's a,
what is he?
He's 31.
I think,
or he's turning, he's 30 30 he's turning 31 at the end of
november i think it's time six is a nice deal and i'll be 31 when the new season kicks off so yeah
i mean that that takes him to 37 you'll see six year deal hopefully he's getting six seven million
he's gonna get you 25 and if he goes off and he's got a six cent him and he's getting you 35, 40. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely consistent.
His last few years, 27, 29, 26, 22, 36, 29 goals.
So Florida will have to make some trades and like Matheson was getting
healthy scratched.
So Quenville is probably not sure about him.
He's making four and a half or like seven more years.
So there's some question marks there.
You could see that there's.
Well, he's going to have time to fix it.
He got a five-year deal.
That's nice.
True.
True.
I'm sure Panthers fans are glad a few other names didn't get hired in this spot.
I won't kick anyone when they're down, but some of the names bouncing around,
I know people aren't too thrilled, but you can do the math.
A little bit of news out of Pittsburgh.
Recently fired head coach in Washington, Todd Reardon.
He was named as an assistant in Pittsburgh.
That was quick.
Yeah, very quick.
Well, he did make his bones there early in his career.
He was an assistant there a few years back.
So he's familiar with the place.
Also, we want to send out best wishes to our pal Sid.
He underwent wrist surgery the other day.
Got about a three to four week recovery.
So, you know, want to make sure Sid's doing all right.
One of the best players in the game, obviously.
And let's see.
The NCAA is going to be allowing players to play juniors.
College athletes at schools where hockey will not be played
during the fall semester may participate in amateur competition
or junior hockey while remaining enrolled in an NCAA institution.
To participate, the student athlete must maintain good academic standard
and cannot miss class.
To participate in a competition, additionally, no school or conference may pay the players' expenses.
You played college.
What's your take on this one, brother?
It really reminds me of the lockout at a different level.
And when the lockout happened, every guy that was playing in the NHL
that was still in their entry league that
was a entry level that was able to go to the hl got sent down so then a lot of the guys that would
have been in the hl they went down to the coast then some guys who maybe could have played in the
coast couldn't get jobs so i don't know if it's gonna affect uh junior hockey in that way i'll be
interested to see how many guys and now i know a lot of I think Ivy Leagues have already canceled hockey
till January or most of the fall Mikey is that you're the college hockey guy yeah that's true
so you wonder how many guys are going to shoot up to the OHL Quebec League WHL I don't know how
they're going to do it in terms of where you're from because that's how it that's how it kind of
is figured out when you're choosing between college and I could have only gone to the Quebec
League that was Massachusetts.
So I don't,
I don't know what's going to happen,
but you'd have to think there's certain Canadians who won't love this.
Cause there's guys that are going to come up and take a kid's gig and take,
take his job and then kind of go back to school in January,
February.
It's,
it's certainly going to cause a little bit of an issue,
I think with some people,
but personally on a whole,
I love it.
Because it's at least the NCAA showing some sort of brains.
These people are fucking clowns from that organization.
What does it stand for?
National Collegiate Athletic Association?
Yes.
What a bunch of dumb fucks that whole fucking...
NCAA, have they ever made a good decision?
This is their first good decision, maybe.
Yeah, I'm not a big fan of them in any sport.
They're foolish.
I don't know about it.
But if they're going to allow this,
I want to see how many guys take advantage of it.
And you got to think if it's a kid going into his freshman year,
he's just drafted or drafts coming up.
I mean, you can't just not play hockey for God knows how long.
He had to go play. 18 years old, dude, you got God knows how long. You got to go play.
18 years old, dude, you got to be playing hockey.
You got to be playing at a high level.
Yeah.
I wonder what do you think?
You're an old guy.
You probably fight the kid who came up from Harvard.
Very similar to the lockout where, you know,
now you got guys who are unable to play one place that are going to go to
another.
And then, of course,
some players from those organizations are going to get knocked down
the totem pole.
So in that situation, it sucks.
Um, as far as the quality of play, of course, that will go up.
I'm just kind of confused as to how the whole system is going to work.
And like, if you're an American kid, you know, can you go play for a Canadian junior team
or, you know, do you have to stay in the American side and vice versa?
So I don't, uh, I don't know how that's going to work out.
Yeah, I don't know how you're going to go to class
if you're going to school in here and playing fucking juniors in Canada.
It seems like a nice gesture, but how is it going to work
logistically for these kids?
I don't know.
And maybe it's a situation of it's going to be mostly the Canadian guys
who are on the Canadian side able to get injected into OHL, WHL, or
Quebec major junior lineups without facing that punishment of, in fact, losing your scholarship.
So there's probably more info on that that's going to roll out.
It's like stage one, kind of like they did with the bubble.
Piz, I know Elliott Friedman wrote about your coyotes this week in his 31 Thoughts.
I know you wanted to have some input on what's going on there.
Well, and then I read right before we recorded
that they're presenting an offer to Taylor Hall.
And in Elliot Friedman's article,
it talked about how they're fairly vocal about, you know,
they're going to probably have to rebuild.
And even Oliver Ekman-Larsen is a name that they're going to throw out there.
They're going to have to see a very, very nice return.
But so, I don't know, a from a fan standpoint in a situation that
i haven't looked into or called anyone about it seems as if though i'm getting mixed signals here
like if you're bringing back halsey you're definitely going to be at the cap and now you're
shopping your captain well i don't know what to believe anymore let's hope it's uh not the case
that oliver leaves and we do bring halsey backsey back. I think hopefully we can have a solid team next year and
give Colorado their fucking fist
up their arse back.
You guys are going to be trash next year.
Shut the fuck up. I'm not trying to be a
dick. I'm trying to be a
non-biased NHL
podcast host that the Coyotes are going to
suck.
Worth note, they do not have any selections in the
first three rounds why are
they trading camp i don't understand why kemper's on the market why don't you want to keep him
well i think they look at this is a canadian olympian we mentioned a month right but okay
so tell me that's still he's listen i i wouldn't personally trade him because you have two more
years left at four and a half that's the best best move. Oh, my God. The best move that Czajka ever made was trading him for Tobias Reeder from LA.
They got him.
I think he was playing at like a  maybe he was even at two million,
maybe three million this year.
And at the start of the year, ended up locking him into a two-year extension.
So the value of him being one of the best goalies on the earth right now
and you're getting him at a four and a half million,
I guarantee you're at least getting a four and a half million i guarantee
you're at least getting a prospect in a first rounder and let's talk about maybe a little more
maybe hey all right maybe we will have a pick in the first three rounds this year so maybe maybe
you got a little horny there with your uh you're rubbing that in the coyote's face just given the
facts also no first or third all right moving well. Oh, you son of a bitch.
All right, moving right along.
Emily Kaplan at ESPN reported that three coaches are suing the KHL's Kunlun Red Star, where our buddy Yipa played for the last three years,
head coach Kurt Fraser, assistant Stevie Casper, old Bruin,
and goalie coach Dusty, is it Emu?
Dusty Emu, yeah.
Dusty Emu.
They're seeking more than a million in combined compensation.
They were under contract for the 2021 season.
They all came back to North America when the season was cut short.
It sounds like the team's trying to basically fire them
and doesn't want to pay them.
Frazier said he hasn't gotten a check since.
It just sounds like your typical KHL bullshit.
I don't even know how to even sue the KHL.
I guess you've got to file suit in Hong Kong
and hope for the best,
but just some more shenanigans in Russia.
Yeah, I actually talked to Dusty Emu about it,
and long story short is they're trying to say
that they're unable to perform their duties
because it's a visa issue.
Given with what's going on with COVID,
I would imagine they want all their Russian players
having jobs currently.
So they're actually, KHL is ready to start their season
and they may already have today.
In the next few days, the next 48 hours anyway.
So he asked for the heads up if it wasn't going to work out.
They gave him the blessing that they would tell him.
He didn't find out.
They let him go.
Now he's kind of left high and dry.
And the GM there has gone dark.
The GM's a Canadian guy know they're trying to get answers and and they just can't even get any type of word
for him so not a great look we've heard stories like this from the khl before and they're still
happening and i know some people think we're just ragging on it but that's kind of what you get when
you're when you're dealing with the k russia gone russia r gone Russia. Well, the Budweiser red light
is back, and if you're an Avalanche fan,
Kale McCaddy just scored, so the light went off in your
house. Hockey is back, and it's time
to sell you, and the Budweiser red light is
back, bringing the arena experience
to your home. Budweiser's replica
goal light syncs to any NHL game
and instantly goes off when your favorite team
lights the lamp. Sync,
sell, repeat. It's pretty easy.
This thing is awesome.
It's honestly the best thing to have when you can't go to the games
like nobody can these days.
You get yourself one of these, and you can feel like you're at the bond.
So go to Budweiser.com, code CHICKLETS10,
to get 10 off a Budweiser red light.
So the next time the Nate Dog lights one up and you're a Navs fan,
woo, woo, woo, get a little red light action in your house, biz.
All right.
Moving along.
We got some bad news here in Boston.
I'm not sure if you heard the fours over by the TV Garden.
One of the most popular pre- and post-game destinations,
whether you're going to Bruins, Celtics, concerts, great food over there.
Well, because of all the COVID shit, they've had to close down.
I mean, they're a Boston institution, no doubt about it.
So it's a bummer, eh, Whit?
It's an absolute kick in the dick.
And the Four's is probably my number one spot.
I actually go to the one in Quincy quite often, maybe once, if not twice a week.
It's just my favorite place to have some beers.
They got the best food going.
They got a million TVs.
Ryder comes with me.
He's watching it, looking at pictures of Bobby Orr,
pictures of the Celtics, pictures of the Red Sox.
Just the coolest sports bar going.
And their OG was in Boston, right across from the Garden.
And to hear that that place is now under among
what is sure to be probably every place near the Garden.
I mean, there's no events going on there.
That's how all these places made their money and survived.
But for the fours, that spot to be done now,
it's certainly disappointing.
So Quincy and Norwell, they both still have a fours there.
Hit them up there if you want to continue to support.
I love that place.
But it's a kick in the dick to see a lifelong,
or I'm not going to say lifelong, but a place that's in the dick to see a lifelong or, you know,
I'm not going to say lifelong, but a place that's been there for Bruins fans
and Celtics fans to grab beers and food before and after games for a long time.
It sucks to see them go.
Yeah, and those businesses struggle even when teams are playing
because people don't go.
Baker buried all those places.
Baker buried them.
Yeah, it's tough to see.
So hopefully, you know, we want to send our best regards to everybody there.
Hopefully they end up on their feet.
Of course, we've been in Boston for over a week now.
Hopefully everybody checked out our Chicklets Does Charlestown video.
Our boy Chase, our new camera guy, Grinnelli, fantastic job.
They put about a 15-minute highlight clip together.
Was that how long it was?
Yeah, Chase is a wizard.
Chase, it's great to have him on the squad.
He can throw hands and he can edit.
Great, great, great edit.
So check that video out.
We had a couple of electric chairs too.
Those are fun, although we did do the Islanders game,
so we took a quick nap in the first during that one.
But we're going to have a couple more coming up here.
We had one of which was brought to you by Body Armor,
one of which was brought to you by Roman already,
and the next week's is going to be brought to you by Grinnelli.
Roman as well.
We also have some Twitch streams where we'll be gaming and you've been doing
a ton of gaming.
That's going to be brought to you by Roman as well too.
Yeah.
While she stopped by the other day,
I spanked them in NHL.
So suck it too.
Oh yeah.
Series.
Wait,
it was electric.
You gotta get,
you gotta get busy on the sticks as well.
Yeah.
Wow.
I'm getting better.
I'm going to be a doctor biz respect before you know it.
And me and biz, we've been having some late, late night chicklet cinema action the last few nights. I'm getting better. I'm going to be Dr. Biz Respect before you know it.
Me and Biz, we've been having some late-night chiclet cinema action the last few nights.
One of us passes out about 20 minutes into the movie,
but obviously we mentioned Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind before.
Then we watched Bone Tomahawk was our next movie.
Biz, what was your take on that one?
I really liked it.
Fairly gory, but they didn't push it too much.
They didn't go full Rob Zombie on us.
A couple of grotesque scenes, but just
yeah, what would you call it?
Like a horror western? I would call it a western
horror hybrid, more or less.
More western with a dash of horror in it.
Who was the main
actor in it again? Kurt Russell.
Kurt Russell. He was great. Yeah, he's great.
Any western roles, of course. Tombstone, he was fantastic.
What else you got with?
Any other non-hockey or fun shit you
want to share with us while you're down there, ACK?
I got nothing for you guys
right now. I just got here today.
You know, you take the ferry over,
I fucking get sick on those ferries all
the time. I ended up getting this goddamn
bracelet you're supposed to put on your
pressure points on your your your pressure
points on your wrist to help the seasickness i'm a seasickness pussy but i gave my wife the other
bracelet and apparently it only works if you have both bracelets on both wrists like didn't do
anything felt like shit the whole ferry ride over now mind you well it's a fast ferry right so the
fast ferry gets you there in like an hour.
There's a slow ferry, takes you two and a half hours.
I think that's the ferry with like cars on it and shit.
So I had the fast ferry, but still I was feeling like shit.
I got a beer to try to help my stomach. Needless to say, an IPA beer while feeling seasick did not help my stomach.
Who would have known?
So if we go on a fishing charter, are you getting on?
I don't know man i've asked
grinnelly like how far out will we be going i don't i i'm right now if you were just saying
wait we're going to fishing charter you come i'm saying no if i can get some details seasickness
is a fucked up thing did i mention this on the last podcast about what i did in alaska
no so in alaska it's funny funny story story actually, because, uh, USA hockey has September.
They have the fifth, the U S national festival for 15, 16 and 17. So they get the best players
in the country at all, at all three of those age groups. And then in three weeks they have
a tournament, you know, they have a week for each, each age group. So at that time,
And, you know, they have a week for each age group.
So at that time, I'm probably the best 16-year-old hockey player in the United States.
And I'm on Team Massachusetts.
We're sending out a hell of a team to go out and to play against.
Team Minnesota.
Team Michigan, I think, had their own team.
Like Team Northwest had a team.
You know, there was like, I want to say, eight regions of teams
of the best players in hockey, 16 years old. It was a big deal, right? It's your second year,
15 years I went, all tournament team, and then the recruitment letters come. I know I'm going
long, long, long way around how I became very seasick, but Select 16 comes up, and that's now big time.
Guys are going to be going off to the USHL.
NHL drafts a little bit away.
Full college scholarships.
Every college coach is coming out to this festival.
You're playing the best players in the country.
Money bags.
In the country your age.
So what happens is right about a month before the tournament,
my grandfather, my dad's dad, he's no longer with us.
Paul Whitney, a legend.
He says, hey, Dan, I want to take Ryan.
And his other son, Paul, had a son named Paul.
And his other daughter had a son named Mike.
So me, Paul, and Mike were all the oldest of his grandkids, the oldest boys of his grandkids that he had.
I want to take him to Alaska on a fishing trip on a boat.
They could, it'll be a very memorable thing with their grandfather with,
I'm with my three oldest grandsons, like, you know, special.
And my dad's like, yeah, definitely all in.
When is it?
And he tells him when he wants to go.
And my dad's like, oh, that's that select 16 festival.
So he comes to me and he's like, Hey Ryan,
you're not going to the select 16.
I'm like,
what are you talking about?
Like,
this was my super bowl.
I'd been thinking about this for three months.
You know,
he's like,
no,
you're going fishing with in Alaska with Grampy.
I'm like,
what the fuck are you talking about right now?
I'm like,
I'm missing the select 16 tournament.
Dad,
like,
you know, he, you, he knew like, this is the biggest thing.
He's like, Ryan, this is family.
This is family.
And you're, he's wants to take you and Mike and Paul, your cousins and go.
And this isn't going to change your life.
You're still going to be able to go to a college that you want to go to and play.
And yeah, I know you want to be there, but you're going with your family.
And this is something that my father would love're going with your family and this is something
that my father would love to do with my son and shut the fuck up basically so i got over it pretty
quick because once i saw my cousins mike and mike and uh paul we had a blast and we're on these
little cruise ships and it's like we're on a little cruise ship that would go through like
the glaciers and skagway and up in Alaska.
It was crazy special.
I remember at the time, I was 15 or 16,
and my cousin Mike was probably 23.
He had just graduated from Colorado, Boulder.
And I'm like, dude, get wrecked, get wrecked.
Come on, get wrecked, get wrecked.
Kind of like how Hal Gill told me they would get me in a good mood when Hal Gill chugged beers.
So I'm like, I would make my cousin get crippled every night. I didn't even drink. I just laughed so hard
because I knew after like 10, watching him dig ass 10 beers, he'd be just so fucked up. And we
had a time. Well, long story long, we ended up one of the days it's, uh, I got us deep sea fishing.
Grampy got us deep sea fishing and we're going out where we're, we're boating out,
uh,
three hours and we're going to catch an enormous fucking salmon.
I don't know.
Like,
what do you catch in Alaska?
You can catch like 80 foot fish out there.
So we take a boat ride about two and a half,
three hours out there.
And dude,
within 15 to 20 minutes of this boat ride,
I am green.
I haven't thrown up yet.
I'm like, I'm feeling sick.
We finally stopped to start fishing.
I started throwing up.
I'm like, hey, to the boat guy.
The boat captain was straight out of Alaska.
He didn't give a shit about me.
And he didn't give a flying fuck about the select 16 tournament he never even heard of that I was missing.
He's like, dude, you ain't going going anywhere we're here for a while now so what i did was um i went down to the end of the boat and as as my two cousins and my grandfather are cheering and high-fiving
and catching fish and just making this memorable family day I am throwing up for five straight hours off this boat.
My face was green.
My mind was gone.
There was nothing left in my body.
I was the most fucked up person in Alaska.
Nothing to do with me.
It was just straight up seasickness.
And so what happened was they finally were like,
all right, we were going to go another hour,
but this guy's really hurting. This softie, that's what to go another hour, but this guy's really hurting
this softy. That's what the guy was saying. This softy was really hurting. I'm like,
I was, I heard him say it. I'm like, fuck it's softy, not soft. I just can't stop puking. He's
like, exactly softy. So because of him, we're going to head in an hour early. So another two
and a half hour ride back to the boat dude i puked that whole time i had
nothing left in me i must have lost 20 pounds and i got off the boat and i walked into that
little room i had at the bottom of this little cruise ship going through the fucking ice what
are they called glaciers we're going yeah and i went to sleep for 26 hours so that's my experience fishing on the open sea.
That's why I say I'll never do it again,
and that's why when you ask me,
do you want to do it for chicklets content,
I'm only willing to if you have a ton of valium
and you're willing to go like 10 feet off of the shore.
Dude, you won't even make it to Deer Island.
We should probably just leave them on land.
Yeah, me and Ari are going to go.
I think you've talked yourself out of it.
Congratulations.
Okay, there you go. Well, here's the thing, though. You could look go. I think you've talked yourself out of it. Congratulations. Okay, there you go.
Oh, well, here's the thing, though.
You could look at it like, oh, talked yourself out of it.
Congrats.
I didn't not want to go, but I wanted to be honest with my coworkers.
And so I just described to you my one experience on a ship.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's no fun going off.
You're going to be sick and then wanting to go home when everyone else wants to fish.
More for us, Ari.
Absolutely.
Speaking of tournaments, the 2021 Quebec International Peewee Hockey Tournament
has been canceled due to the COVID shit.
I obviously want to let you know it in case you weren't aware that that broke
on Monday since our last episode.
That's a huge disappointment, obviously, to the youngsters who get to play
in it like yourself.
I heard you might have played in it once.
Yeah, I played in it in 1997.
I actually won it
some clown i do i deal with you what that card of you with that left ear holy shit yeah
people think that like i i'm joking about my giant left ear no dude look at this thing it sticks out
fucking four feet so yeah can you imagine i grew into
my body and it still looks like this well when i was six three 155 pounds like in that picture
what did you think the fucking 100 133 because of the fishing trip and yeah no because fishing
trip was the year later so um man people were saying like oh you sucked for that team i had the assist on the
overtime winner to win the whole fucking tournament what are you talking about so you're like the
sanderson to or of the peewee championship i was up top i was like fucking lidstrom in that
tournament just like getting everything through i wonder even how many points i had our team ran
away with the thing we went in. We're just going hog wild.
And now I see all these people trying to say that I wasn't even good for the
Kings.
Are you kidding me right now?
Maybe they put your analytics in or something.
I went fifth overall in the draft five years after I was making out with
little French girls at a fucking Quebec peewee hockey tournament.
Did I fucking help the team?
Yeah.
Oh man.
You've been on fire tonight, Whit.
Thank you for bringing the energy.
I didn't even bring anything.
I'm just sitting here, and you guys are just, like,
saying and thinking of things that get my blood to boil.
So it's not really necessarily, like, trying to be on and be funny.
It's just like, fuck you
for saying that and then bringing
up Thatcher Demko's bean pots.
I don't care.
Folks, it's been
a great episode. Thank you for joining us.
Whit, have a great time in Nantucket
and enjoy your vacation. I'm playing golf tomorrow
and the next day. I'm so excited.
Can't wait to hear about
every single shot. We got sandbaggers coming up, folks. Yes, we do. We got Keith Yandel and Brandon next day. I'm so excited. Can't wait to hear about every single shot. We got sandbaggers coming up, folks.
Yes, we do.
We got Keith Yandel and Brandon Yip
playing against me and Paul Bissonnette
next Tuesday.
Sandbagger, what a crew.
I missed it.
I actually changed my last name.
Folks, thank you so much for tuning in.
Hopefully you enjoyed Manon Realm.
And we will see you on Monday.
Absolutely.
I'm running right now because the juice bar ice cream place closes at 10.
It's 947.
I'm off to try to get one big-ass cone with sprinkles.
See you later.
Love you guys.
Have fun on that ferry home.
As always, we'd like to thank our dynamite sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets. Big thanks to our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to everybody over at NHTSA
for keeping people safe on the highways.
Big thanks to our friends at Dude Wipes
for keeping us nice and clean and hygienic
during these sweaty summer months.
Big thanks to our new friends at FuboTV.
We're looking forward to working with you.
And a big thanks to our buddies up in Bud, Canada.
Thanks for everything you do for us. Have a great weekend, everybody.
