Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 293 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
I feel like we've been in Charlestown for about 300 years now.
It's been going. No complaints. I grew up here. I love it here.
But we just had a barn burner of a Game two eastern conference final looked like we were going to
overtime uh there might have been a spoiler alert in the room that happened but nikita kucherov
extended his tampa bay lightning franchise goal scoring record for the playoffs with his 30 50
had already passed marty san luis looked like we were heading for overtime we all got sunk and now
we're recording okay well i guess i I guess I'll take the L here,
and I'll admit when I'm wrong, as I usually do, which happens a ton,
is I was strolling across Twitter, and I'd seen that they'd scored,
and there was a delay on the broadcast.
I said, somebody scores here.
I did not say who, and the puck at that point in time,
where you can step in and defend me, it was in Tampa's zone.
There was 41 seconds left when you said it.
Okay.
And the Islanders had pressure.
Now, there's arguments both sides here.
I'll be the mediator.
I'm the guy who likes to play both sides of the field.
You know, I'll be honest.
You can play them both tries.
So, it was like, Ari was rattled when you said it.
He was down in the dumps.
And he was kind of pissed after the goal.
He was, is it on camera? He was just like, dumps, and he was kind of pissed after the goal. He was on camera.
He was just like, Jesus, Biz.
Fuck.
You ruined the surprise.
I'm paraphrasing.
But the other side of the fence, I noticed the whole time he's on his laptop preparing.
So, Biz, your argument of you wouldn't even have seen the goal, all right, I think is pretty valid.
Because you weren't even watching the game
it's called working one eye on the game i do it every time i show prep and this i show prep you
know i'm always doing stuff up to the last minute oh yeah oh yeah you know and and that's why i'm
going to take the l because i can't multitask and i think ra can so credit final final final verdict
is that while he may not have been staring watching watching the game as intently as I was,
he still probably would have known what was happening,
and you kind of did ruin it for him, so I'm on our A side.
And to the fans here, we're recording, what is it, 11 o'clock now?
It's 11.07, just switched over.
So it was just the sheer excitement of that we weren't going to have to go through more.
I don't want to say boring game, but it definitely wasn't that exciting.
There's a lot of talking points, and we'll get to them,
but we didn't have to go over time,
and we can get recording before midnight,
and Grinnelli doesn't have to stay up until 8 a.m.
editing this fucker.
Grinnelli's battling.
The prospect of like, oh shit,
are we going to get Tampa Columbus again
in the five over time?
I'm sure after the first or second,
we would have said, fuck, it's not recording,
but I mean, that crowd. R.A. would have said, fuck, it's not recording. But, I mean, that crowd.
R.A. would have had an old red Camaro ripped down this road,
and he'd went outside and met the guy if it was a five overtime.
He'd have been like, oh, boy.
Dr. Pepper, baby.
You guys want to get into the  let's go into game one.
That was an absolute shit-kicking, by the way.
A shellacking?
Braden Point Point who fucking got
injured in this game. I felt like they lost
14 forwards in this game.
In game two, excuse me.
Point continues to shine.
Kucherov you mentioned. He ends up passing
Marty St. Louis as the leading
playoff goal scorer in Tampa Bay
Lightning history.
Playoff history, excuse me.
And then he ends up getting it done, getting done in game two as well.
So all in all, no surprise on the shit king in game one.
But what ended up transpiring and the guys they lost and Kaloran getting kicked out,
a very, very, very gutsy effort in game two as well.
So a two nothing lead in that series.
Clearly the better team right now.
And I mean, fast forward into Game 2 here that we just watched,
plenty of opportunities for the Islanders to close.
You can mention the Sezikis pass out front to Bailey
where he had the hole in that and he ended up putting it over.
But the puck did roll, so that's one I  I said out loud to you guys,
oh, my God, he flipped it over the glass. And it looked so bad.
But if you've played, you know, sometimes it just rolls up on you at the last minute.
It looked like it was never flat.
Now, you could argue, just take that extra second, settle it down.
But it just happened so quick.
But if you're an Islanders fan, what are you thinking?
Now, here's the issue.
The first game, Trotz actually had a good quote after.
The last six days,
we've been going at it pretty hard, trying to finish off the Flyers. It took a lot of physical and mental preparation there. And then a quick turnaround. We gave a lot of players a lot of
information the last 48 hours. We went from emotional high to an emotional low. So it's
fair enough because that was a battle of a series. Philly comes back and forces the game seven.
Tampa's just chilling after dominating. So, okay. You got to come back game two and win, and you have to come back and play it Islander
style. Well, they did. They actually did a great job of it, but offensively, they had nothing.
Because you get a five-minute major, you got to get one, you're thinking. At least if you
dominate for five minutes, it's a cliche, you can get momentum. That's meaningful. While also getting one of their top players, top two-line player,
kicked out of the game in Cologne.
Then they get the five-on-three.
38 seconds, I think, they had.
Oh, it's the saying, Biz?
If you don't score on a five-on-three, you don't deserve to win the game.
And not to boot, before that, when there was the delayed call,
they held on to it for a good 15 seconds.
Yeah, at least 12, I think, think i counted and my math sometimes is excellent now other times it isn't but by the way right away barzell had to just give it to him and now he
did get a pretty good chance but still it's like just give us enough as much five on three time as
we can so you came back and you lost the game that you can say you just really weren't ready
for and then you came back and actually played as good as you can good as you and you lost the game that you can say you just really weren't ready for. And then you came back and you actually played as good as you could.
You got the other team down to nine forwards with point going out.
And that's wearisome because as good as Tampa is, he's their guy.
Him and Kucherov, right?
But they're two of the top playmakers and gamers in this league.
So he had off-season hip surgery.
And then he came back.
He missed a little time. He came back. A little bit of a slow start. Now he's at the top of-season hip surgery and then he came back he missed a little
time he came back a little bit of a slow start now he's at top of his game as good as he's ever been
and the only thing that's bad is the video we watched it i didn't see anything which one where
you might think when point got injured i mean he goes down to the wall but you can't really tell
what would have happened no it looked harmless and then you mentioned though that he did have
off-season hip surgery so no i don't know how that factors in i mean he's had the season
he's had in the playoffs he's had so it's obviously it's not lingering but you know maybe
going in awkwardly like that re-injures it or something but a devastating loss you could see
how upset coop was when he got the message from the trainer a couple other highlights for tampa
and ra i think you mentioned it last
episode Vasilevsky yeah he has been their rock he was very very underrated in the first two series
in playoffs specifically against Columbus and you know this is a game that he needed to step up you
look back to last year's performance and how I mean his we talked about how weak his glove was and he was a big reason why they lost he couldn't make any any big saves when he needed to last year's performance and how, I mean, we talked about how weak his glove was,
and he was a big reason why they lost.
He couldn't make any big saves when he needed to, and he's one of their rocks.
So he's showed up when they've needed him most.
And then the other guy, of course, Hedman.
And going back to that first goal for Tampa, on the broadcast, Edzo says,
that's a devastating icing to take.
You just got to get the line.
Now, if you are an Islanders fan,
I could see your frustration in saying
Shattenkirk essentially was right there at that puck.
I don't think there was video evidence
that he did touch on the icing,
but it was kind of one of those ones
where you're going to go a little bit slower
than you have to.
Oh, I'm going to try to get it.
Oh, I missed it.
Okay, icing the
other way i thought after watching the replay that it should have been waved off personally so right
after the icing they show trots on the bench he's saying you gotta get the line face off in the
offensive zone for tampa i believe it was goudreau who snaps it back who we keep talking about the
two pickups him and coleman have worked out great he snaps it back, who we keep talking about the two pickups, him and Coleman have worked out great.
He snaps it back to Hedman, walks a line, and Witt, as soon as it goes in,
you say, did that go in along the ice?
Probably considered a bad goal.
I think at this level, now granted, even with the screen,
the way these goalies go down, if a puck's on the ice no tip especially from that
distance you gotta it's it's got to be stopped yeah if that's from the blue line and and yeah
you can like you the whole reason that people these goalies go down is so that in case it is
on the ice it's an easy stop and to see that go in and you've played the perfect first period
like you said edzo's talking about it how good it's gone and just boom it's tied up and you've played the perfect first period like you said edzo's talking about it how good
it's gone and just boom it's tied up and you're like oh we just played the perfect period we don't
even have the lead they're the their best defenseman this guy's just dominating he scores
to tie it up and now mind you let me tell you something he didn't just score a random goal
only four full-time defensemen in the history of the game
have owned four game playoff goal streaks.
It's now five because Hedman joined.
Scored for his fourth straight game in a row,
joining Ed Jovanovsky in 2003.
Paul Coffey, you remember how he skated, Biz?
With his toes curled up.
He had five in 83.
He used to wear the small skates.
Yeah, you know, he was what they called a smooth skater.
Maybe a Scott Niedermeyer before his time.
It looked pretty easy for Paul Coffey from where I sat before I was born.
Mike Ramsey had four in 83.
And then the last guy, the fourth guy, is actually Bobby Orr.
Heard of him.
Yeah, he's worn number four.
R.A. loves him to death.
So do I, actually, my former agent.
So that's a goal that it just proves that this dude
is at the top of the game right now in Hedman.
And because of it, they were able to go into that second period
with so much more confidence because, yeah, they got outplayed,
but they were tied.
To think what Hedman's done in this playoff
and going all the way back to the start where,
remember we saw Cooper's press conference
where we thought he got injured for the second year in a row
heading into playoffs?
Yeah, we thought he was out for sure.
Based on Cooper's reaction, I thought he was going to be out a couple rounds.
I thought he'd be sitting there.
He was like crying, wasn't he?
Yeah, but it clearly was a bit of a sell job
and maybe throwing the other team off,
thinking he wasn't going to be in the lineup.
But he has just been a horse.
Excellent on the penalty kill, as we mentioned,
that big five-on-three kill in the third period
and, of course, the five-minute major.
And let's get into that hit right now.
I'm going to say this one is very, very similar to the Ritchie hit
where it was a split second late,
and he got him right on the back of the shoulder.
I wish there was a fine line to where,
if you're saying that's a five-minute major, I'm okay with it,
but I don't think he should be kicked out of the game for that.
I think he should be able to remain in the game,
and obviously it went on to hurt them even more because
collectively, I think, between Killorn
and Point, how much did they play together?
Killorn played a minute
and 44 seconds and Point played
8 minutes, 49 seconds. Just over
10 and a half minutes between two key guys.
So you only had nine forwards left to carry a huge load.
Well, it hurt Tampa.
And as I said, I just...
To me, that's a two-minute minor.
I know that certain people are going to disagree,
but I find that guys start flailing around a little bit more.
And it's going to benefit them more if they stay down.
I'm not saying anybody's diving by doing it.
It's just I don't think that should be penalized with a five-minute major
and getting kicked out of a game especially in playoffs and if you see the north south angle you could see
cologne's like looking back and he's just trying to finish his hit and it wasn't to me it didn't
look malicious from the north south angle if you could look at cologne's reaction he's looking back
up ice on the back check so he's backtracking so i don't know it's that's my opinion on it and
that ended up hurting him big time and probably a big reason why i think through two periods they
had less than 15 shots okay so that that hit right like you see the reaction you see nelson down and
then the replay you see his head slam off the boards he didn't get him head first he got no no
it was it was in the shoulder there's i don't think there's any chance there's a suspension on that head but
the reaction and the way it looked his head hitting the hitting the the boards of the glass
it was just it was it was ugly looking but i think it looked a lot worse than it actually was now i
don't even know i kind of understand what you're saying if you're going to call it a five he should
be able to stay in the game can you is that can you even do that i don't i i i don't, I don't even know. I kind of understand what you're saying. If you're going to call it a five, he should be able to stay in the game. Can you
even do that?
I don't know the rules enough.
Obviously, a fight major can, but I'm
not sure whether it's a match.
I was going to say any major, obviously, so that just
proved me wrong there. Fighting is a
major. Yeah, I don't know.
The awful
part was, or not the awful part, but
about two minutes later we saw
Sergeyev get hit um the same type way and he kind of stayed up I forget who it was on the Islanders
I don't remember right now but it was it was a call that you could see like nowadays that's right
away you knew especially the way Edzo was saying it you knew this was probably going to be like a
a game a five in a game and you know you see the hit and you're questionable of like,
all right, well, I don't know if that necessarily deserved it,
but you kind of knew in the end it was going to be what it was.
There was no chance after seeing the replay that I thought he'd stay in that game.
I think Nelson took over for Barzell as a guy getting dinged up in the face in that game.
He took a couple whacks.
I don't know who got him later in the game.
I think it might have actually been Goudreau
who got him with probably a bit of a high cross.
Shaq should have been two minutes,
but he ended up delivering one right back to somebody else.
I think it was Maroon in front of the net.
So we ended up seeing a pretty spirited scrap in this one,
and it was with Matt Martin,
who has been a great surprise for the Islanders.
Five goals in 55 games in the regular season already five
goals and uh 18 playoff games um and and not to be too critical what you said after his time in
toronto you thought i don't know man this guy might be like out of the league in a year or two
but yeah but it wasn't even because like i didn't watch him play that much but i i saw like where it
was headed and and how like the contract wasn't working out.
You don't know what's going to happen.
As the game gets so fast, I don't think he's the fastest player,
but he's such a great team guy, and then he shows he can score and play.
That fourth line plays a ton, and they're good.
So it wasn't really necessarily an insult.
It's just as guys get a little older and a little slower,
you wonder where it's headed because it didn't work out there.
But he had success with the Islanders before, and's it's he's even better now he's even better
his second time around and we mentioned that fight he ended up fighting luke shen um shen are
throwing some lefties there and and the reason why tampa went down to nine forwards they ended up
going with 70 to start that game in 10 forward so um listen that that you you quickly go over that
so they were five and all
going into this game they started doing that five games ago and they'd won five in a row
doing the 17 11 forwards and then they made it six tonight now tonight's an argument for why you
don't do that um you get it you get a kick guy kicked out you get another guy hurt and you're
down to nine and you're thinking if we go they probably like had it in the back of their mind
we can't go to overtime.
They knew they needed to score in regulation.
We were saying it.
I mean, nine forwards, once you get into triple,
even one, two overtimes, you could be completely fucked.
That game got sloppy towards the end.
The turnovers all over the ice.
Even going back to that five-on-three for the Islanders,
you got to think.
You know that if you lose this game, it's than likely the series right you got it you got it never lost when
they're up to no 205 times before the lightning have never lost and they get the time out they're
able to draw something up and they come out and they lay that egg i don't know anyway uh it should
be interesting moving forward here i uh i would imagine that Varlamov still gets the cage. Grice started game one. Varlamov
came in a relief. I thought overall
Varlamov was
I mean, I guess you could say
he was solid. Wasn't necessarily
tested that much.
Yeah, I think
that first goal should have been stopped, but
when he had to be the rest
of the game, he was there. I don't think you could blame
him on that last goal. It did hit him, the winner there.
But still, it's a tough spot for the Islanders.
Again, there's piggybacking on you.
His counterpart, Vasilevsky, has been outstanding.
Stopped 27-28 tonight.
He was great the previous game.
He was tremendous.
I think he was even overshadowed by Korpisalo a bit.
I know they won that series in five.
He, to me, is the consthe leader far and away right now.
I know we still got a ways to go, but if there's a leaderboard right now,
he's at the top of it.
A couple other notes.
You mentioned Matt Martin's fifth, but how about this one?
Pointing Kutra for the second set of teammates to each score five points
in a conference final game.
They joined Paul Coffey and Yari Curry for the 85 campbell conference finals i like that one
biz that's a great nugget and uh we we talked a little bit about that game it was a shellacking
but we have to mention the kucherov assist it gets sent over from across the ice and and patrick
o'sullivan had an interesting tweet he says he he saw that coming a mile away and that puck is
coming in on edge.
So by the time he would even try to calm that thing down,
it might have bounced off his stick,
and or that passing lane to the other side wouldn't have been open.
So what's he do?
He just opens up his blade, and it skips off of it,
kicks out wide basically on a ladder play, and then he goes right to the net and gets it back and goes five hole.
And I tell you what, that game, it was a treat to watch offensively.
We mentioned the Harlem Globetrotters with the Philadelphia Flyers earlier
in the round robin.
Well, I think the Tampa Bay Lightning have took that crown off them for game one.
They're the generals now, the Flyers.
I thought the generals would do.
I had to do that for the wit dog also to who we need to mention tampa went 58 minutes and 53 seconds without is it paul missed the net or miss that 58 53 without missing the net first and only miss
was paquette with 60 seconds left in the game that's outrageous like that was like the opposite
of the bruins in this series
versus them when they couldn't get a shot on net.
I've never heard of this happening.
I've never even heard this stat thrown around
that a team's never missed the net.
Yeah.
Missed the net.
That was the longest a team's ever gone.
Is it a playoff game or ever?
I couldn't imagine.
In recorded history.
I couldn't imagine going a full NHL game with your team.
Just one wrister that maybe like.
That does not include blocks, though.
There were.
Yeah, there were some blocks.
They had over 10 blocks in that one.
But that is such an interesting stat.
And you mentioned it.
Paquette should get his one way taken away.
He should go down to Norfolk.
There should be a huge little donation to the fine fund, possibly.
Yeah. So Tampa with the fine fund, possibly. Yep.
So Tampa with the always tough two-nothing lead.
Islanders basically in a must-win situation next game.
So moving along.
Wait, whoa, whoa.
We got to talk about Frankie Borelli and his reaction on the live stream.
I get a kick out of him.
Him and his old man are setting up the live stream at Borelli's.
And I think his old man broke a chair over his back
after game two, letting up that goal seven seconds off.
It's just the fact that it's not an act.
I think he was doing the same stuff 15 years ago
when he was like 11.
Yeah, he's been a jock sniffer for years and years.
He's just an Islanders jock sniffer.
And they finally made it to the conference finals.
And the first game is just
Portnoy had a hilarious tweet he's Frankie put a ridiculous all caps tweet when Eberle tied it up
in game one Jordan Eberle I'm just like imagining him tweet it like we can do the things you do
fucking rights and Dave later on it's 8-2. And Dave retweets it.
And he writes, was this tweet from tonight's game?
Because when you look back, it's 8-2.
The fact he's got the all caps and he's screaming on his Twitter.
So he's just a fucking diehard fan.
He's so nuts.
And now they're screwed.
First conference finals appearance in what, 27 years?
They had the record.
They had the longest streak in the league.
Yeah, it was the upset Pittsburgh who was looking for a three-peat,
lost to the Canadians who won on the Marty McSorley,
too many men on the ice call to swing the game.
And another surprise was seeing Cal Clutterbuck in the lineup
who he took a shot block in game one, got helped down the tunnel.
Yeah, I thought he looked like that
looked like broken foot kind of kind of another cooper situation where we got the fake by the
head coach thinking he was gonna you know miss some time but he was right back out there and uh
i just i just thought like islanders put them in that defensive headlock they had them right where
they wanted them and they just i don't know, has the...
You're giving up pretty quick.
You hopped on the bandwagon like three days ago.
I hopped on that bandwagon where they were able to capitalize
in those opportunities.
Yeah, they're playing like a legit team now.
Yeah, well, I mean, I thought overall they outplayed them in game two.
They just ended up on the wrong side of the puck.
True, true.
Yeah, might need an extra glass of Cabernet to fall asleep tonight after that one.
That's a tough watch.
How about Coop?
He looked like Pete Carroll out there tonight when they scored late,
running up and down the bench.
Is he chewing gum like Pete?
Yeah.
All geeked out.
Pete Carroll, I don't know.
He's like 72 years older.
He's maybe the best.
He looks as good as you could possibly ever look.
I look older than Pete Carroll, and he's got 40 years on me.
He's chilling at USC.
He's got that permatan now.
He's crushing seniors at Universe.
Isn't that what happened?
Was he?
No, I think you're talking about a more recent coach.
Yeah, we don't want to slander.
We can slander.
Well, I mean, it's more of a compliment, but okay.
Yeah, Fizz is pumping his tires, not slandering them.
In court, Fizz is like, dude, I was like thinking, what a legend.
I love you, man.
Can you sign a card for me?
I mean, it's not like he called for a pass and play when he had
Marshawn Lynch on the one.
Oh, how did I wait two and a half weeks to pull that one on that
new camera guy over here, Jason?
I don't know how I waited that one.
You're a Seattle fan.
Seattle guy.
Well, his name's Chase, but R.A. calls him Chance.
I called him it once in two weeks.
Chase and Chance are similar, but he didn't mind.
But it did spark up the conversation of the fact that you truly believe
that you named the mascot for the Vegas Golden Knights.
I think I had a subconscious
chance by the way well because before they were we knew they were going to be the golden knights
i incessantly tweeted they should name i'm a big fan of like local animals like the coyotes i think
that's a great nickname you know it's a local regional animal so i'm like something exotic
a gila monster it's a lizard it's fucking poisonous it's different so i was tagging
them all the time gila months
is he the month so obviously they went with golden knights after the lawsuit and everything
well lo and behold they unveiled their mascot and by the way great name chance because it's
vegas like a little time yeah oh yeah they did unreal and what is he he's a healer monster i'm
like and uh i don't want to assist all right no no no i mean i i i know you know i remember i
remember because we were doing the pod yeah i know you know i remember i remember because we
were doing the pod yeah i remember you said that and then when it came out i actually vividly
remembered him being like dude it's what i said it's what i said it's i was like i've never even
seen one of these things it's like a lizard i want to do some uh investigating report investigative
investigative report back on his twitter i bet well i mean i i i know there's good
people in the vegas front front office press relations so if that if i did have a hand i
consider it homage i wouldn't be any c indeed is so deep down maybe some tickets hey swear you do
think it it is from you i think it's a kind of a crazy coincidence of all the all the animals in
the desert that after me like and, and you can search it.
All right, don't sugarcoat it.
Yeah, I know.
You're trying to get out of it.
No, I think I'd be surprised.
Get it on camera.
I wouldn't be surprised if they said, yeah, you know what?
That's what we got the idea for.
Come on.
I mean, yeah.
If you check the tweets, like, what are the fucking odds of naming it?
I know, but here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
If you thought of it, anyone could have thought of it.
Yeah, but R is a G.
How many Gila monster searches there?
I don't think there were a shitload of people clamoring to say,
name this team the Gila monsters.
So you put it in the search bar and you couldn't find anyone else?
I mean, I only did it with my name, but I don't recall any other people
saying name this after a local poisonous lizard.
Okay, we're going to find out foley has like 40 of them
as pets bill foley and he's like uh dude i was always we're gonna get to the bottom family of
them in my garage yeah well i mean considering we're talking about their mascot we might as
well segue into that uh that series yeah absolutely but first i love my high i love my high student
loan payment said no one ever check a free refinancing with Earnest could help you lower your monthly payments.
Checking takes just two minutes.
If you've been making the same monthly payment on your student loans for the last couple years,
odds are you could reduce your payment and save by refinancing with Earnest.
Even if you've refinanced before, with today's low-rate environment,
most people could save by refinancing again.
Checking your new rate is fast and easy to start complete a few questions online it only takes two minutes
then you've got a personalized rate estimate without affecting your credit score want to
change your monthly payment combine many loans into one easy payment or get a better rate earnest
makes it easy plus there's no origination fee or any other fees. Plus,
the internet loves Earnest customer service. They're rated 9.4 out of 10 on Trustpilot.
And now, you can get a 100 cash bonus when you refinance a student loan with Earnest.com
slash chicklets. Once again, you get a 100 cash bonus when you refi your student loan at earnest.com slash chicklets.
That's E-A-R-N-E-S-T dot com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
It's not available in all states.
So visit earnest.com slash chicklets for more details.
Terms and conditions apply.
Earnest student loan refinance loans are made by Earnest Operations llc and mls number 1204917 california
finance and law license number 6054788 303 second street suite 401 and san francisco california
94107 visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licensed states. And we do know two states, Biz, Texas and Nevada,
neither of which have sales tax.
So I don't know how that affects one student's loan.
But right now, the series is tied.
Let's go back to game one, Western Conference Finals.
Anton Hudobin stopped all 25 shots in his first ever playoff shutout.
They took a one-nothing series lead.
Johnny Bauer got his when he was 38 years old, first playoff shutout, they took a one-nothing series lead. Johnny Bauer got his when he was 38 years old.
First playoff shutout, by the way, back in 63.
Of course, Vegas come back.
What was it, Tuesday night?
Three-nothing shutout.
Just out of domination.
Much different Vegas team that night.
Kind of took the game over.
It looked like they picked up on the momentum they did have
from the third period in game one.
Either way, let's go to you guys.
Well, I was going to hop in there.
Game one was boring, and Vegas just looked gassed from that Vancouver series. Did have from the third period of game one. Either way, let's go to you guys. Well, I was going to hop in there.
Game one was boring, and Vegas just looked gassed from that Vancouver series.
Did not look like themselves.
They looked horrible.
They looked horrible.
And I was nervous for them going into game two because I didn't even think necessarily Dallas played that well.
It was just that Vegas was so shit.
And selfishly as a fan, I would say I wish they would have gave them
an extra day of rest
just to keep the quality and the production of play a little bit higher.
That's selfishly.
But they did have to take two days off when they canceled games.
And these guys haven't seen their families forever.
So on that side, they want to play.
They want to play.
Let's get this fucking thing over with.
But as you said, game two was just utter domination.
And that looked like the Vegas team that we're used to seeing.
But all in all, though, there's still a lot of hockey left in this series.
I know last episode, foolishly, I was critical of Ben.
He did have that primary assist in game one on the winner.
I believe it was Fosca who scored the goal.
Fosca?
Foxa.
Foxa?
Foxa?
Oh, God, I put the S before the K. uh no it uh revo was back in lineup for game
two and i think their uh their feng shui was back with and they were buzzing yeah they they looked
exactly like themselves in game two hudobin is i don't when he was on the bruins was he this good
when he would come in and play?
As a backup, yeah.
And then he'd have kind of like great games in a row,
and then he'd have like a dud every once in a while.
Yeah, so even the loss the other night, I mean, you don't want to put it on him.
Vegas just completely controlled every part of the game.
But I wanted to shout out in game one, not just Udoven, but Klingberg.
You know, he gets the early early goal and he hammers guys and you can go into the hit uh that he threw on revo that you sent to us all right where people are kind of
like trying to say maybe that's exactly what reeves two minutes yeah but klingberg is so good
and i know maybe defensively he's not as strong as like heskin in or lindell but when he has the
puck he is so exciting to watch.
And like he just  he can pull moves off and he walks the line as well as anyone.
So shout out to him and how good he's been.
But then game two, all right, if Stastny is going to score, right,
I think it was his third goal of the playoffs.
Yes.
And then Carlson got one and it was his fourth.
And you know the year Carlson had two years ago,
and he really has never kind of come back to being a 40-goal guy.
But still, if those two guys are going to score,
along with what they're getting from Theodore and Stone and Pacioretty,
and you just know with Tuck, he's scoring,
that's when they're going to be almost unbeatable.
Because Stastny hadn't scored in a little while.
So I think that the turnaround was no surprise.
Like if the Lightning had lost game one, I would have kind of said the same thing.
Like I think they'll come back and be themselves.
And that was exactly what I thought for the Golden Knights.
So both games, though, haven't been, I don't think they've been great to watch.
Tonight's game, Islanders-Tampa because of the ending,
was probably the best game of the second round, I'd say.
So there, I'm not always saying you're boring.
And I know Fleury was inserted into game one.
I thought he played awesome.
I think it was Wyszynski tweeted this one out.
Other than one game in the round, Robin,
Fleury's numbers have been out of control when he's been in there.
And it must have been hard giving up that first shot.
You've wanted to get in.
You had the bullshit with your agent.
You get the shitstorm that you're answering questions about,
and then the first shot goes in.
So he's been around long enough.
It just shows what would have happened to a young guy.
I know, granted, it would have been the same circumstances,
but he's able to just, all right, get over it quick,
and then he was sick the rest of the game.
Yeah, he definitely wasn't the issue.
Game 1, 25 shots from Vegas
with the fewest of the postseason by the Knights.
A couple other notes. Game 1
winners go on to win 68.8
of best of 7 series.
They went 10-2 in the first two rounds.
I got another quirky stat for you,
Biz. The only playoff game in
NHL history since 1956
to end 1-0 with the goal scored on one of the first two shots and on the first shot by the winning team.
Like, I don't know who keeps track of this shit, but it's kind of mind-blowing.
What is it called?
Elias or something?
Bureau?
Oh, Elias Sports Bureau.
Elias.
Yeah.
Thinking of Patrick.
Thinking of Patrick Elias.
I'm a hockey guy.
Should be in the Hall of Fame someday, by the way.
Yeah, left shot.
Amazing player.
Number 26. Keeping on the Dallas subject, R.A., Hall of Fame someday, by the way. Yeah, left shot. Amazing player. Number 26.
Keeping on the Dallas subject, Ari,
I feel like some of their fans think that you're being overly critical
where you personally thought after watching the Revo hit,
given that he got suspended on the Mott one,
you compared it to be very similar in the fact that Klingberg left his feet
a little bit, it looked like.
Although I will say Revo was slipping,
and it seemed as if though Klingberg's elbow
did make contact with Revo's head.
But I just think for the simple fact
Revo was slipping and, you know,
he bounced right back up.
I would have said two minutes.
And that's all I was saying.
I wasn't advocating for Klingberg to be thrown out.
And I think if the roles were reversed,
it would have been much noisier.
And because people made the same argument when Revo hit Mott.
It was like, well, oh, he was falling down.
He was going down a little.
Well, same thing with Revo.
But if you look, the first thing that looked like he got hit was the head.
It looked like a bit of an elbow.
I mean, whatever.
I don't mind dirty play.
I wasn't crying about it.
But the crying came from deep in the heart of Texas.
Holy shit.
Stars fan.
I mean, I like battling with some fans, but these guys have been fucking babies, man.
Like, every little thing.
It's like, if you don't compliment them,
every little play, like,
because you, and first off,
you pick against the team,
everyone cries.
It's like, settle down, guys.
It's fucking, it's hockey.
We're just making fun here.
There was some miscommunication on,
when, I think they tweeted out,
Tyler Sagan hasn't had grass
between his toes in six weeks.
Right.
And you said poor guy.
Right.
But it was a weed joke, which I read it.
How did you take it?
A weed joke or the other way?
I took it the other way.
It could be lost in translation for sure.
But you have to tell everybody.
He said Tyler Sagan hadn't had the grass in his feet for six weeks.
And I said poor guy. And I figured giving me my reputation, what we always say in the grass in his feet for six weeks. I said, poor guy.
And I figured, given me, my reputation, what we always see on the show,
I thought it was obvious.
Oh, the poor guy, you know, maybe he spilled some grass
on a joint in his feet.
He hasn't seen grass.
And he rolls joints with his toes.
Yeah.
It was like, it wasn't obviously not my top ten,
but it was for shits and giggles.
And then all of a sudden, I'm picking on the fucking stars.
Like, oh, poor.
Like, no, I never say poor. Oh, these poor athletes.
I'm fucking.
I didn't play, but I'm a pro player as much as you guys.
These guys earn every cent they get.
I don't give a fuck.
Get all the money again.
It was strictly a weed joke, though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
People are being kind of fucking babies.
Now, that did come with the stars finally getting some, you know, some sun out of the
bubble.
They got to go to a driving range.
I saw.
And, you know, I i mean i couldn't i
left they'd be like wait boss leaving no i got a tent coming over from sport some uh sports r us
yeah i'm staying here and then there was a video of radula flagging down uh fly ball well i guess
not fly balls but seven irons seven irons or pitching wedges whatever it was and being the
farm animal that he is but a lot of hockey left in this series.
Interesting to see how Dallas responds after getting bent over the way they did
in game two, and I guess we'll have to wait until tomorrow night.
Yeah, a couple other goalie notes.
Robin Leonard, he's got four shutouts in his past seven games for all playoffs.
He's the fourth goalie in the last 15 years with four shutouts
in a single postseason.
Both Thomas and Luongo did it in 2011, and Marc-Andre did it just two years ago.
What else?
Thomas Noshek, he got the third goal of the night on that beautiful tic-tac-toe play.
He'd been scratched for a good chunk of the playoffs.
He was in his third straight game, but he was a health bomb four out of five
versus Chicago.
First six games versus Vancouver, he didn't play.
Comes out, makes a beautiful play like that.
And also Jake Ortinger, he started the third after they pulled Darby.
He became the first goalie in the expansion era to make his NHL debut
in the conference finals, stopped all five shots he faced.
So I know we love all these geeky little stats.
Well, and especially with the goalies.
BU guy, he actually won a beanpot.
Did he really?
What was the date?
He might have won a couple.
I don't know the date.
Also, two biz. First time in the modern era since 1944.
I don't know what the parameters are there.
First time in the modern era that the conference
finals, semifinals, begin with
each team earning a shutout win in the first
two games. It's the eighth series
in any round in that same time span
to begin that way in the
second time this season in other words both games are two shutouts each team wins pretty crazy and
with the 28th playoff win for vegas they now have more playoff wins than minnesota florida columbus
and winnipeg atlanta in their total franchise history this team's what three years old spoiled
franchise i mean it's golden nights i mean 28 wins fucking florida 19 playoff wins in 27 years i don't Franchise history. This team's, what, three years old? Spoiled franchise. The 90s Golden Knights.
I mean, 28 wins.
Fucking Florida.
19 playoff wins in 27 years.
I don't think Arden should want a beanpot.
Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah.
Fuck.
Oh, sticking with the Boston theme, Plymouth Country Club.
We need to say thank you to them. Oh, Mike Roy at Plymouth Country Club.
We had a sandbagger.
We won't give away what happened.
We're going to give away nothing.
But we went to battle against Brandon Yep and Chris Wagner.
So everyone knows Yep, where he played over Kunlun Red Star in China in the KHL,
spent time with Colorado National in the National League.
And then Chris Wagner is the man of few words.
And he came and he said, I want to prove people wrong.
I want to show people that I do talk, I do speak and and you'll see what happens but it was a blast but mike roy thank you so much
plymouth country club old donald ross gem par 69 uh and i finally got some golf shoes and biz
park golf shoes which mike roy gave me i still gotta give him my card yes uh he's like honk. He's like, yo, Biz still hasn't sent me his credit card.
I was like, you guys take travels checks?
Or Widow Venmo you.
Speaking of Bruins, not this minute, but a few minutes,
we're going to bring on former Bruin Andrew Raycroft.
He was a goaltender here who was, of course,
famously traded to Toronto for Tuca Rask before anybody really knew who Rask was.
Great interview.
Again, we'll get to that in a few minutes.
He's a very genius fellow.
First off, the 2020 season has been extended for quite a bit,
and I know a lot of the guys listening themselves
wouldn't mind extending things a little bit themselves too, right, Biz?
Oh, yeah.
Most guys have tried different ways to last.
I got 10 seconds.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
but thinking about consmith winners in reverse order doesn't always cut the trick.
So the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting.
And the best part, they don't require a prescription.
No embarrassing moments
down at cvs because roman can ship swipes to you in discreet unmarked packaging and each swipes
packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it they're super easy to use you
just take the swipes out of the packet swipe it on let it dry and you're good to good to good to go
that's it so go to get roman.com slash chicklets you get your first month of swipes
for just five dollars when you choose a monthly plan that's get roman.com slash chicklets we'll
also be doing a uh electric chair for roman on thursday night uh dallas vegas and uh some gaming
streams from nhl 20 streams with biz playing some some gaming yeah by roman as well pete blackburn
he's got the
new uh gaming setup i don't know if you guys fall he's the gif master on twitter during playoffs i
don't know if you guys seen all the highlights uh but uh he's a good gamer he's uh what's he
playing now he's got uh he's a call of duty call of duty he plays all the games so i'm going to be
spanking him and chel this week and a few other people jump on with me maybe we can get a few nhl
guys i'm getting into this
gamer world. It's a blast. We should have Pete
stop by the pad. He's local, right?
Yeah, we should have Pete stop by. He's a
great kid.
Also, oh yeah, by the way,
if that electric chair is sponsored by
Roman, you know that game's going overtime that
night. Sure. How are you? You're getting
good at this. You're getting great at this.
Oh, that was a sex pun? Madison
Avenue. Alright, hey, this one
comes from at NHL Rumors Daily.
He's a great fall on Twitter. I know I've
been averse to rumors in the past,
you know, being a big J guy
and all that, but this guy obviously
is connected. He's been very correct on a lot
of the stuff he's come up with, and he did
tweet on Wednesday,
rumors of December 1st being unlikely
for the nhl to start the next season uh nrd nhl rumors daily uh exclusively reporting from sources
that there have been talks among the nhl and its league tv partners about a possible kickoff week
to take place after the christmas holiday uh he says december 26 27th i know we've mentioned before
we don't think December 1st
is probably reasonable anyways,
but he's throwing out a post-Christmas week,
which, I don't know, I'm down for it.
Yeah, I think, I mean,
given with what's going on with the pandemic,
maybe back it up to like the new year,
let these guys spend the holidays
with their fucking families.
But nice to hear that there's some hope
and they're going to get this thing
off the ground for next year.
I don't know what's going to happen if fans are still not allowed in buildings
and how that's going to affect the revenue standpoint.
I can't imagine.
Let's hope by then we have fans in the stands.
Is this pessimistic?
Wait over here.
No, I thought it was being optimistic.
Optimistic, that's the word I was going to use.
Yeah, come on.
Let's thank the fans we back.
Yeah, optimistic. That's like four months. I wasn't used to it. That's why I said pessimistic, that's the word I'm using. Yeah, come on. Let's thank the fans we're back, baby. Yeah, optimistic.
That's like four months.
I wasn't used to it.
That's why I said pessimistic.
Like, it's time to go to the games.
What?
No, I wasn't used to you ever being positive,
so that's why I said pessimistic.
Yeah, I'd rather be, like, surprised and happy
as opposed to thinking it's going to happen and it doesn't,
and you're like, fuck.
I mean, according to you, I think, like, three weeks before playoffs,
you didn't even think this bubble thing was going to happen, and here we are.
I'm actually happy you brought that up because I was talking to Jantz.
Shout out the league for actually like they pulled this off.
They pulled this off.
It's now we're in the semifinals.
It's unreal that this actually went down and that it's worked this well.
So shout out to them because everyone without it, including me,
and they have just dominated this to make it safe
and have everyone be playing.
And this hockey's been good, man.
It's been really good.
And the game times have been perfect too.
They ended up moving all the teams over to Edmonton.
Like, oh, I didn't even know that was going to happen.
So shout out to the league.
You guys are killing it.
Yeah, and also, I mean, obviously we've given the players and the league.
We also got to shout out fellow media members who are in the bubble i mean they're
not going home every night from the studio whatever they're in there every day every night and also
the referees i know uh they've been getting kicked around a little bit for whatever but these guys
they're in the bubble and there's no real glory for these guys i mean working the cup is obviously
a career highlight for them but there's you know they're not going to raise it they're not going to
have you know people i don't run into them, but they're not going to raise it. They're not going to have people running to them afterwards.
So we want to give a shout-out to those guys.
They're busting their balls.
They're grinding as well.
So we're thinking of them guys as well.
I did just mention Andrew Raycroft and the Tuukka Rastrade.
We also want to call the trophy.
I think that's worth noting.
And again, he was a great guy.
He stopped by the Chick-fil-A the other day.
We had a great chat.
So I think we should send it over to Razor right about now.
Hey, boys. Let's do it.
Well, I'd like to welcome
our next guest who's joined us here in person
for his Spit and Chicklets debut.
He suited up for five different clubs
in his 11-year NHL career between
the pipes. Of course, he won the 2004
Call the Trophy as the league's best rookie
while playing for the Boston Bruins.
These days, you can catch him on Ness breaking down the broens games thanks for joining us so
much andrew raycroft you got it thanks for having me fuck i forgot you wanted to call her yeah
hey so did i that's so sick now i remembered it right away but i was like whoa it was almost a
reminder that that must feel like 20 years ago no oh it does it was it's already 16 yeah it's 16
years in 2004 it's crazy my mom called today and princess diana's 23 years ago is today and that
was the first day i went to juniors that was like us driving up she was like can you believe that
was 23 years i think everybody remembers when that happened that is crazy that but 16 years i mean i
think in 2004 i i left college i'm like oh yeah that was like three years ago this is three years
ago i'm like oh wait a minute so that was when you're on your way to sudbury correct yeah off
to off to the big nickel i was actually looking at some of the guys you play with play with taylor
pyatt one of my favorites he must have had every girl
in subaru chasing smells like cookies yeah he's 16 years old that guy is it was right from the
start like and he was a man child too so he was an underage he was like the big the big do and uh
at high school it was yeah smelled like cookies unbelievable yeah that's when you this kid in
school is that good looking and like the talk of the nhl draft and he's six foot four as well it's whoa well they had a couple guys he has that
mike fisher as well who yeah he only played two years a junior he went right to pro and had that
amazing career like what what was it like when when he was around there was he a leader at that
time or still pretty young right away leader so i i've known mike since we were nine we played
against each other he's's from Peterborough.
I'm Belleville.
So we played OMHA all the way up.
And to go there with Mike, we hung out all the time.
So Fish was great his first year.
And then even better that second year.
He had 110 points.
And you knew he was getting strong.
And he was going to the NHL and had a great camp.
And it was awesome for me because I had one more year junior, but I was going to the nhl and had a great camp and and it was awesome for me because
i had one more year junior but i was just down the road in ottawa so i was going up to all the
games of the sends i got to hang out got to go to the playoff games i felt like i was in the nhl a
little bit that's especially when you're in junior oh yeah we're chasing your buddy here feels like
like so far away were you like high pick in the O draft? No. Kind of just come out of nowhere?
How did that all go down?
Yeah, I was 112th in the OHL draft.
Oh, my goodness.
How many goalies picked in front of you?
A dozen.
Okay.
Yeah, I forget the OHL.
I could probably run through the NHL pretty good, but OHL 112.
So they basically gave me a hat and a bus ticket to sudbury and uh but i got lucky i
was up there uh kevin abrams was coaching against me in tier two and he ended up coaching up there
i had a good playoff and and uh steven valicat valley was the oa goalie that year and he he
twisted his ankle and i got an opportunity so it just like that's how
my whole career was it fell into place and played that year and drafted 135 by the bruins which
again you guys know what that means oh and as a goalie too it's like good luck yeah yeah there's
there's five in front of you on the depth chart right now exactly in 1998 so i was like we'll see
you in like eight years kid
like just so i was just an absolute grind for sure were you always the kid who was almost pissed off
by that and driven by that or were you more just like focusing on yourself and not as intense to
like prove these people wrong no it was i i look back really naive like i just figured i was gonna
make it you know like i had the steps all right i got drafted it didn't matter it was 112 i'll just play in the ohl and then i'll get so i was really
naive to it and then once my last year in the oh i i caught fire and and hit everything i needed to
hit uh mvp in the ohl goalie of the year chl and it fell in place and then that was when okay you signed that deal okay
now i now i have a chance i'm that guy yeah now i'm i'm actually strut around a little bit were
you like obsessive about it like like like as far as a work ethics concern summertime was it just
like you showed up did your time and enjoyed your summers or was it like you were like hyper focused
on on becoming the best no i was it was still prior to hyper-focused summer workouts.
So I know there's enough people listening to this.
He's like, is drinking on a lake considered hyper-focused?
I'm not going to fool anybody.
Is that 30-pack hyper-focused biz or not?
It was ice cold, though.
Yeah, hyper-focused on chasing something else as opposed to the dream here.
It was ice cold, though.
Yeah, hyper-focused on chasing.
Something else is opposed to the dream here.
Razor, prior to the draft, did you have any indications about where or when you might go?
Did you talk to the Bruins at all?
I did.
Yeah, I interviewed with Boston.
I interviewed with San Jose and maybe one other team.
Again, being way back, there was only a few teams.
And I did  at that time, I was a pretty mature kid.
That was the one thing. Again, did at that time I was a pretty mature kid that was the one thing again
being naive but I was I interviewed well and you know I felt like right if I didn't get picked in
that fifth round by the Bruins that was when I would have got nervous I literally sat there for
like six hours in Buffalo it was oh you were in the ring oh I actually went I actually went fifth
round and that was that was all when it was one day the first round literally takes like nine hours
all these guys
are peeling off and again
I didn't expect it until later but
if I had went past that it would have probably been
a tough day so I was pumped to
get drafted by the Bruins
and then go and have the little meeting
afterwards that was a good day
what made you go?
I feel like a lot of people were getting the advice
if they weren't predicted in the first round to not even show up,
or at least the first few.
Yeah, I was probably the last one.
The other big thing was it was in Buffalo, so I could drive.
So we did the interview the day before.
Again, it was 1998,
so the teams weren't doing a whole lot of reconnaissance
at that point.
So I just drove down to Buffalo for the night.
So you said for sure you were the last player in the building
that was still there.
Oh, I had to have been.
I absolutely had to have been.
Kill the lights when you leave.
The fifth round.
They announce it, and they just hear like, yes!
They look up, this guy's cleaning the aisles,
and then him and his family.
That's exactly what it was.
They're just like, oh, it happened.
They had to borrow a fan's jersey.
They're like, hey, come on down, dude.
That's right.
Michael Connell, the whole table's like, what?
Is this bozo still sitting up there?
He's got the hat on with sweat stains because it was RAs.
So when you broke in with the Bs, was Burns your first coach or Keenan?
I know they switched off that.
Did you have both?
I had Burns and Keenan.
Oh, man.
Baptism by five-alarm fire.
Yeah, they were putting out fire.
It was unbelievable.
So 20 years old, I came out, came to Boston. Five-alarm fire. Yeah, they were putting out fire. It was unbelievable.
So 20 years old, I came out, came to Boston.
And again, just I'll go to the minors, you know, sign a deal, but I'm pumped.
We ended up the first few weeks of camp.
Everything's good.
I'm playing well.
And then we get our night off.
We had the day off. And back then, that day off was major because there was no three-hour rule.
You were there all day just getting your ass kicked.
We come down to Boston.
We're staying out up at the Sheridan in Linfield.
We get the night to come down.
We have a good time.
We're going to Daisy's.
This is the best.
Wake up the next morning, and it turns out Johnny Graham broke his ankle Saturday night real late
he was the backup I'm the third guy so I show up Monday morning the games first games Thursday night
so I was about to get cut Monday you're ready to go down and start Providence correct and boom
everything changes yeah like I blow it out saturday night
assuming like i'm going to the minors no big deal like you know let's go let the fucking
pretty impact rain eh 800 left off strip club end of camp night you're like here we go we earn this
one before you finish two a three-hour rule some of our fans listening aren't aren't that dialed
in with hockey
that was like the old rules where these old school coaches used to beat the wheels off the guys in
camp guys were tearing groins left and right so finally in one of the new cbas the player said
sure yeah take fucking 30 per diem as long as we get a three-hour rule at camp so guys aren't
getting abused yeah and that that's what it was it was flat out flat out abuse i gotta ask you what's the story
uh between uh how did graham hurt himself is that like public knowledge or is that kind of
one that got swept under the rug stepped off a curb it's exactly the official release but
that's it and it was something along those lines he you know came out of the bar and you know
stepped out onto the street and that was it, literally blew his ankle for six months or whatever it was.
It's happened to several players over the years.
You know, you get a little buckled, you can just hurt your ankle.
These sidewalks here are not even.
Gobblestone in Boston.
Very dangerous area to walk.
I'm getting different lower body injuries when I'm drinking.
I need a pill to be fixed.
Yeah, so you go from thinking you're going out of Providence
to all of a sudden you're in the NHL just at the blink of an eye.
Late drafted to the OHL, late drafted to the NHL,
and then now, boom, just like that.
Yeah, exactly, exactly.
So, Barnum  Defoe starting Thursday night.
We go to Philly Saturday night.
We play the game.
We're beating the brakes off Philly in Philly,
which, you know, John LeClaire, the big boys,
back in the day in 2000.
Byron Defoe, six minutes left, comes off with a hamstring injury.
So I'm playing in the spectrum on Saturday night,
the second game of the NHL season.
Four months earlier, I'm kicking around in Kingston in the OHL.
What was the lead when you went in?
5-1.
Okay, so you're like, I can do this.
If I can't do this, I don't deserve to be here.
That's exactly what it was.
So I went in, didn't give anything up.
John LeClair, I had two shots.
And then, so that's Saturday night.
Now, all of a sudden, the Columbus Day game in Boston,
which they had everything.
I'm the only one left.
So that's my first NHL game is Columbus Day,
1 o'clock against the Florida Panthers in the big building.
So that was a quick week for me
and got stressful real quick for sure i'm
curious about uh bruins fandom because at that time it had been a little while it's frustrating
time looking back at the atmosphere that you remember that first start which whatever i think
nowadays on a saturday afternoon that place is rocking was it was it not like that then because
it's just like it's
gotten so intense since they've had all this success and at that time it was it was a downtime
for that organization would you agree 100 yeah it was the whole time i was here all the way through
the lockout you know even 04 we had a great team and it's still i don't think the playoff games
were full we didn't have sellouts every game in 04.
You know, the big dig was going on.
There was bridges everywhere.
People weren't coming into Boston the way they do now. So I was amazed to just fast forward coming back here
after bouncing around and moving back here
and seeing what it's like as a Bruins player in the winter in 2013-14.
Every game is sick.
Yeah, like it's been great for me as a former Bruin to come back and see it
because it wasn't like, to your point, Wade, it wasn't like this at all.
I wouldn't say as bad as Chicago, but some similarities
in how the organization shifted to where, I mean, Boston, yeah,
it's a powerhouse, tough to get a ticket.
I mean, that's probably why they took everybody's legroom away, right?
Yeah.
Is that what happened, all right?
Yeah, move back in.
All right, so I kind of interrupted you there.
So you start, you get that first start.
Do you win?
Yeah.
Get to win, and then it's on.
Then it's on.
Get the win, and then it's really on because we go out west for the circus
because the circus comes to town in Boston.
We get the 10-day road trip out to Cali the guys are like yes I still haven't said a word at this point I'm just
going along going with the flow so we get to go out west and continue that and
Pat Burns is coaching calling I don't think he knew my name he just called me son
he just was only son I really don't think he knew what my name was in any way whatsoever.
And what a trip that was to be out west with those guys.
20-year-old guy.
Got to go to Harry O's for the first time.
The dynamic of him coaching, like, was it such a different shift from junior
from whatever you'd seen in the past?
Like, what was it like as a young guy watching him go?
Oh, certainly.
Juniors were still, you know, you weren't coddled,
but you're getting babysat, you know, you have your billet and everything else.
And then you go to Pat Burns, who I watched as a Leafs coach in 93.
You know, this guy's going to the Hall of Fame.
He's scary.
He was an intimidating person for a 34 year old
vet let alone a 20 year old 150 pound kid uh so he was he was very intimidating and the best the
best story i had with him was we go to edmonton on that trip we go from cali we go up north to
edmonton and i have no clothes because again I'm thinking I'm going to  I have nothing.
Like one suit.
Played a week in the National League.
So I finally get to go to Edmonton.
Roots card, right?
Oh, yeah.
Got the Roots card.
I get 30 off.
I'm living large.
You're in the sick year now.
Yeah.
Edmonton, the big mall.
Walking in like a Mountie.
I got the pregame counter.
He's like, I ended up They got the pregame counter.
He's like, I ended up with 15 pairs of Aldo's.
Great deal over there.
Aldo's the best.
Paycheck.
Yeah.
Go shopping.
Come on the bus the next day before the game. And again, back then, guys either went to the mall or they went to the bar
and had a dozen beers at lunch.
So I was doing pretty good you know minding my business
walk on the bus before the game and i didn't think about it but i have like four shopping bags
because i didn't even buy myself a bag and pat stops me as i'm walking up the stairs and he
again he hasn't talked to me in 10 days that i've been there what do you got there son
well i had to get clothes i haven't i don't have clothes
son this is not a shopping vacation get in the back of the bus i proceeded to go out three goals
eight shots yanks me that night so scared so in your head so right rattled he buried you not
worried about the shot i was so scared of this guy commenting on my shopping bags
that I brought on the bus.
It was incredible.
Yeah, you think back, you're like,
I could have just put those on the bottom of the bus
and somehow got them.
Or packed them in another suitcase.
Or bought myself a bag and roots as well.
Like Whit said, it was an interesting time for the Bees.
They got Joe Thorne.
They're seemingly on the upswing.
Then all of a sudden, they trade him out of the blue.
What was the reaction in the room? I mean you guys must have been stunned stunned it was a
long a long night long couple days I was at Joe's when they when it came down he just bought a new
condo and we were shocked and things had started bad already we came out of the lockout and we
basically didn't have a team from the year before and then for for jumbo to go
it was it was a shot shot across the bow we were we were all like you said very rattled and then
the next morning there was a lot of action in the room you know with michael connell coming down and
addressing everybody and just just again just made the year so painful as it was. And then for Joe to be gone and then go on to win MVP.
And it was tough.
Go ahead.
No, I'm curious.
Like nowadays you hear enough rumors, especially if a big guy might get
dealt for the most part, I'd say he didn't even have a clue.
It was a shock to him.
No idea.
No one had any idea.
His agent hadn't heard
nothing nothing first overall he he i can't i i one day hopefully we'll chat with him he
to just have that happen you must have just been like what the hell well i was gonna ask you like
you know on the boston side of it are guys like like like pissed because they now see the return
it's kind of like it reminds me of the most recent one would probably be Hall and Larson one for one.
But even worse.
This is 10 times.
Okay, 10 times.
It was so bad.
I mean, Glenn Murray's basically,
he scored 40 goals the year before
with Joe making a pass from the corner.
You know, Jumbo's...
Automatic.
Maserati's making five sheets
because Joe's feeding him the puck,
and now all of a sudden he's got nobody.
So you can imagine how rattled those guys were that were playing with him
along with the rest of us who we looked to him to take over for us.
So it was certainly not a good day.
Joe was rattled.
Again, he had just bought a house.
He was the captain.
He was going to be the next captain. Young house like he was he was the captain he was gonna be you know the next captain ray born superstar yeah it was he was he was the thing so he no idea uh
that what they've said that they didn't shop them like no one in the league knew they just
wanted to get rid of them what year in the league was that for thornton um i want to fifth to sixth
maybe i think doug wilson was the only guy who knew they would yeah yeah i think so right i think
we've said the stat uh many times the only player to ever win maybe. I think Doug Wilson was the only guy who knew they were traded. Yeah, yeah, I think so, right? I think we've said this stat many a times.
The only player to ever win MVP while being traded in the same season.
Yeah, so that tells you how it goes.
That's a pretty sick stat to have on your resume.
Yeah.
You know the all four major league sports?
The reason I asked was because as a team now, you've got to keep playing,
and you're seeing these guys in the return you get.
Were you guys more shocked about the fact that he got moved
or based on the return?
And not to take anything away from you guys.
We're definitely shocked, and yeah, Sturmey's awesome.
Those guys were great guys, but yeah, after you ask,
after you get over the surprise of Joe leaving,
you ask who's coming back, and now it's end of November,
and you're like, well, we're out of it.
You know, like, we got nothing. Like, Joe was our guy. And again it's end of November and you're like, well, we're out of it. You know, like we got not like Joel was our guy.
We're, you know, and again, nothing against those guys, but you know, that's it.
All right, we'll move on to the next one.
It was always crazy to just know that the performance in the playoffs the year before
with the broken ribs and they judged him so bad and players know, I mean, this guy was
probably going through so much to even be in the lineup
and they're ripping on him because he hasn't performed well man he's got a broken rib most
normal humans would be in bed oh he couldn't even get it yeah you guys knew that oh we all knew and
and that was we look at that time we went up three to one and it was like all right we gotta win game
five to give this guy some rest because he's out there just grinding it was
a shell like he didn't have any shots i don't think the whole series you can't even get like
breathe let alone get bumped that's right it was it was so bad and we blew game you know we obviously
ended up blowing the series which again made it worse for joe and all of us but uh but no he was
in so much pain and that that happened two days before the playoffs.
There's no way to rest him.
I wonder how much media impacts GM's decisions.
And going back to another thing as far as media's concern recently with the Bees
was some criticism that Tuukka Rast faced for leading the bubble
and you being a goalie.
And have you dissected that situation at all from what you saw?
Well, my first thought right away is Tuka's
been here a long time and he would know exactly what kind of blowback is coming. So for him to
put himself and family and every teammates, everybody through this, it means that something's
going on. Tuka doesn't make, you know, from my point of view, he doesn't make decisions rashly.
He knows exactly the heartbeat and what's going on in this city
and how much he was going to get beat up for leaving.
So I can only assume that it's something that's massively important to him.
But he knew that he was going to get smoked on the back end.
You personally, if you'd done what he's done for this organization
and then faced that type of blowback, would you want to come back personally?
Or would you be like, fuck this, I've had enough with this media circus,
I'm out of here?
I would imagine I would get pretty defensive, personally.
I mean, I certainly got defensive in my career at times in Toronto
and bigger markets.
And I could imagine kind of saying, man, what I've done the last 12 years,
and I'm the best, one of the top three goalies in the world,
and you guys are giving me a hard time because I'm coming home to help out my family.
It's got to be  me personally, I'd have some serious blowback
and be really defensive, have my backup.
It's so interesting to talk to former players who just
there's such a disconnect between, I guess, having played the game,
and for the most part, like fans and what they think.
So I've said to many people,
like it's stuff going on with this family and they just don't seem to
care.
So you're just,
I guess like,
you know,
you,
you agreed with us.
It's like,
leave,
what are you taught?
Leave this guy alone.
What are you talking about?
How can you be this mad at somebody?
Yeah.
I,
I just don't understand
how someone could think that he's just do it making this this like he's got 50 people that
are up in the bubble that he's got to go talk to and address and look in the eye if he's doing this
without thinking about it and just wants to go play golf like people are like that's not the
case like it doesn't work like this it's just hard to imagine anyone actually thinks that this guy's just doesn't feel like playing so he's out of there yeah he had the wherewithal to know
he wasn't in a mentally good spot you know yeah i'm sorry well no no i was just gonna say too
especially as a goaltender too if you're not in that mental space and you gotta imagine even maybe
going into the bubble he was probably dealing with that that you know a lot of thought you said he
doesn't think he doesn't react like like quickly he gives things thought well from the time up
until he made the decision it seemed like it just been like it'd been a big weight left on his
shoulders yeah and as a goalie the big thing is you can't change your role right you can't all
right i'm not a hundred percent mentally i'm not but i can go out and get you know i can get in on
the floor i can go hit somebody i can block know, I can get in on the floor, hit somebody, I can block a shot.
I can make a difference.
You just have to make a save, dude.
Doesn't matter.
You have to make a save.
That's your only job.
That's right.
It's really easy, but you have to, you're there.
That's it.
It's up to you.
And you can't, you, you, you can't do anything different.
So that's the big thing that, that compounds that with goaltending.
If you're not in it,
it's real easy for the wheels to go flying off because your head's not completely in it and hey you guys know
you guys know exactly what when a goalie's not into it well my goal is not working or you're
early in the game sometimes well i'm gonna play the same well i i mean i saw brisgalov play the
way he did in arizona and then all of a sudden go to Philly and like that's  I mean, nothing changed about him physically.
Yes.
I mean, he was still a physical freak.
What changed was the mental side to it.
And as a goaltender, if that's just not there,
you will get exposed at the NHL level.
Where, like you said, there was times where Shane Doan would go 15 games
without scoring.
Well, he would move down to the third line and, you know, he'd play physical and,
and kill some penalties.
And like you said,
you can get away from it at least.
And,
uh,
since we mentioned Tuca,
you ended up getting traded for him,
right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
If anyone's heard that before,
I hadn't known that.
Everyone in Toronto knows that.
You ever heard of Chris Kunitz?
That's,
that's what I wanted to ask you.
Did you have any indication that trade was going to come
that it catch you by surprise i know there's some contract things going on take us through that
sure i i didn't know where i was going but that was again that was the year that was seven months
after joe got traded so we got dusted all year we were probably last in the eastern conference
or close to it and you know it was going bad coaching got changed Sully got
fired everyone was was moving and so I I knew there was a good chance of that they had Hanu
Toivonen was here was a first round pick he was still another fin and you know I rookie year bad
year and I needed a change of scenery as well so so I expected to be traded and then to be able to
go to Toronto which is you know an hour and a half from my house by car all my buddies live
downtown Toronto was you're like pretty awesome yeah I fell into this this is pretty good um and
it was for Tuca straight up so for anyone that gets traded to Canada it's a shock and once you
get there and not to say that's even crazier for a
kid from around there so I before I even go to that though the rookie year was great what what
do you think changed or what happened that next year just did you lose confidence or was it a team
thing like how how do you think that year went when you did struggle yeah well the big thing was
the lockout so the lockout was in between that so i came off the rookie of the year and then lockout which was the whole year gone i went to finland that sucks because the momentum
going exactly it was all momentum and i talked you know i was 112 ohl 135 nhl i'd finally was
going to be like my first training camp the starter Where I didn't have to like stay in the hotel
and worry whether I was going to have a job
the entire training camp.
So yeah, the big thing was, again,
this is looking back.
At the time, I thought I was dealing with everything great.
Looking back, it was just the momentum got lost
and I didn't reset.
Like I didn't, I still wanted to have that feeling and I probably should
have just grinded like I'd never played in the NHL again I needed to after having a whole year off
that's how I blew it I I pulled back a little bit I had I had a holdout so I missed the first four
days five days of training camp which again didn make a difference, but I just finally wanted to feel like I was in the league, but I didn't get that. And I should have embraced that rather than fight
it a little bit. And I just had a bad year. I was, you know, I wasn't good enough. It's, it's,
it's way easier to happen than, than people think. Yeah. I mean, there's, that's what makes
the greatest players. So unreal is they really never have the off year, but for most mortals in the NHL,
you look and there's a season when you struggle.
So it just so happened that you got this,
the future of the team in,
you know,
in like,
they look at two Carrasco's younger than you.
He's they,
they may,
they may love them when they're scouting them and the deal gets done.
Yeah,
exactly.
And Toronto had two first round goalies in the system.
Justin Pogge is the other guy.
So it was one of those two guys, and it happened to be Tuca,
and we've been linked ever since.
It's just all, you know, it's the irony and the weaving
through that of me being here, and the whole thing is incredible.
And again, at the time, it didn't mean anything to me.
It was just some 18-year-old kid.
But by the, you know, probably once 2012, 11, I'm still in the time, it didn't mean anything to me. He was just some 18-year-old kid. But probably once 2012, 11, I'm still in the league,
and he's ascending, and I'm descending,
and I'm going to Toronto and still answering those questions.
It was something, again, talking about being defensive,
that bothered me a lot.
It's like the media there, they take everything personal.
It's like five years after the trade,
it's like, remember when they traded you for Tuca?
Yeah, and it's my fault.
I guess it was, yeah.
I mean, I'll still get it until...
Oh, there's Toronto fans who really hate you.
Yeah.
Physically hate me.
You caused us to not have Tuca.
I'm the one that...
They haven't been in the playoffs.
Who are the GMs?
Hold on.
Was it O'Connell in Boston?
Well, so, no, it was  Torelli was coming in, but he was leaving Ottawa.
So, it was Jeff Gordon was assistant, but he would
it was kind of a weird thing because Torelli
They were in talks.
Like a month in  because he was in Ottawa at the time coming to Boston,
but the season hadn't ended.
So, it was in like a grace period but
jeff gordon was basically the two of them and then john ferguson ferguson fergie was in toronto i was
gonna say i have this theory that it's gonna be difficult for the leafs to ever win because the
media just puts so much fucking pressure on their big guys and now especially when all the studs
nowadays are all these young guys right so all of sudden, and we live in a social media type world
where they're like dialed into that even more so than maybe
when they were reading or never reading newspapers.
It's going to be really hard.
We're in Boston.
The Red Sox 0-4 is the analogy to us and for hockey.
And to make that point, those guys in 0-4 for the Red Sox
were a different group.
The guy, Pedro, and he's chilling.
These guys didn't care about the media like they will now.
And with social media, it's going to be  it will be hard
because that pressure, even if they get past the first round,
the second round, is going to ramp up and it's going to be
so it'll take a special group.
There's no question.
It'll take a bunch of real nasty guys on entry-level deals.
That's right.
That's right.
Your first year in Toronto, Paul Murray's basically put a saddle on you.
There's 72 games you played that year.
Did it get to be too much at a certain point?
It was a lot by the end, certainly.
I came off a bad year, so I was all for it.
I want to play every game.
I don't want to give up this net again. I just got dealt. I came off a bad year, so I was all for it. I want to play every game. I don't want to give up this net again.
I just got dealt.
I'm in Toronto.
I got to do really well.
But it was a lot, obviously.
72 games was exhausting.
And by the end, we ended up missing out on a shootout on a Sunday afternoon.
Wade Dubowitz against the New Jersey Devils. So we were
tied with them. All
we needed was the Islanders to lose.
They could have lost the shootout
and we're still in. And they won.
And they won and basically
ruined my life in Toronto.
Because they didn't make the playoffs.
I played all those games.
And you think
that, I think it was the rangers in philly
had one same that's right and then philly went to the finals yeah exactly they rolled so so you
oh that is that is brutal and the islanders then get the option that more not the option but
no one wants to play the last game of the year except like hey we can ruin the leafs
they're probably as fired up as they've been in two months
when you're out of the race.
Stanley Cup, exactly.
So that year playing 70 games, again, it was awesome.
I mean, dream come true to play right down the street
and have my parents, my buddies, it was like entourage for them.
They were coming to every game and hanging out in the wide room.
So that was all real cool.
We just should have gotten the playoffs. Of your buddies, name which one would be Turtle. game and hanging out in the wives room and you know so that was that was all real cool we just
of your buddies of your buddies name which one would be turtle shout them out yeah for sure we
got turtles turtles reg not reg his name's so reg like that yeah i got a reg buddy that's named not
reg too um you mentioned the 72 game thing as a goalie let's say you're a gm now are you a firm believer in
this two goalie system now 100 if i'm if i'm running a team i'm going out and getting two
goalie and this is bad for the goalie union that that i should be part of but if i'm running a
team i'm going out and getting two guys making three million each and going 45 35 what's the
most you're paying for a goalie in today's NHL?
And if you could pick three of your best right now,
who are you going with?
Oh, double question. I respect that.
Well, just because his mind's probably running right now.
So the thing is, it's interesting, right?
The guy's playing right now.
You've got Vasilevsky who's still on his prior deal at like three million
you got a guy like markstrom's probably around three million so if i could take those two guys
on the deals that are on that great but those guys are going yeah way up you know vasilevsky's
going up to nine or whatever it's going to be and and that makes it hard who that's six million
dollars worth of forwards or defensemen that they have to change out just to keep Vasilevsky where he is.
So I think there's going to be good goalies on the market this summer
that you can get for three, you know, Braden Holpe.
I think he's probably going to cost you six or seven on a long term, right?
Well, the thing too with that system is, all right,
so you're getting two guys who aren't considered as good
or don't have the resumes and the career
that other goalies that are making the big bucks,
but they're both good enough to be in the NHL.
They're both making a lot.
So one guy may get hot, and then he has this unreal season, right?
Like it doesn't matter.
You don't care, and you have two guys with ability
as opposed to a backup who's not proven.
You know what I'm saying?
Like they both could pop off that year.
Yeah, the only other question would be  and I think we saw it with Minnesota one year where they kind of did that.
And at the time, it was really unheard of where they were switching,
alternating
Yeah, it was Dwayne Rolson and Manny Fernandez.
And Backstrom was in the mix.
Backstrom got in there.
And you're seeing example of when it's working.
Do you think it could ever get to a point, though, where it's like almost a negative?
And, I mean, one example, although the players seem to be getting along,
is the Fleury and Leonard situation and then Alan Walsh coming over the top ropes.
Did he ever come over the top ropes?
That's fucking nuts, isn't it?
That is nuts.
And, yeah, everything I read, it didn't seem that Leonard appreciated that very much.
Yeah.
For sure.
Oh, I thought he kind of said, we're cool.
He did a good job, but at the same time, it was like,
really?
That's a shot.
There was blood on the sword.
You couldn't have the sword without the blood.
Come on with the blood.
And then the next game,
two games later, Fleury played, and then he
passes Ken Dryden for
fifth ball time, and Alan Walsh was just fucking hammering all the NHL public relations.
I like this tweet because he's a bit of a troll,
and he's having a good time doing it.
Yeah, no question.
He did a good job with that one.
That got buzzing.
I think back to your question whether guys get along,
I think guys recognize it now much more than what they did.
I think the ego  I don't think it works if you have Carey Price
and try and bring someone in and split him.
But the younger guys get it.
I think the situation here in Boston, Tuca gets it.
Yarrow gets it.
They've mastered it the last few years,
the amount of games they've basically right on the number.
The other thing is you can go to europe there's so many guys playing hockey and playing
goalie at a high level that you've never heard of i know they go over and get guys you know
that are over in europe that are frank who's is a perfect example in colorado right now the guy's
29 years old it's his first year in the NHL, but he's learned his trade.
He's played a lot of games over there, and he comes over,
and he's not phased.
So there's a lot of gems out there as well that are playing in Russia and throughout the world that can come and play.
A totally different game over there, and I believe you went
where did you go during the lockout?
Finland.
So as a goalie, is it just a completely different game
where you're not seeing as many shots from the slot area?
It's a lot of exterior, isn't it?
Yeah, really, especially that was in 04
when the NHL was just a bunch of beasts out there
trying to shoot the puck and go to the net
where they're making five passes east to west over the midline
and no one's shooting the puck.
You're just chasing it all night.
So it was certainly a much different game.
I think it's more similar now
when you've got guys zipping it across the seam in the nhl now there's there's not that physical
presence like there was but but it's still you got the bigger ice and and these guys coming over
there is an adjustment so it's not a perfect science that if the guy's a stud in russia that
he's going to be amazing that's one thing that's been impressive about these new school goal scorers is they
kind of found different ways to score as far
as like the pull and drag shot
like Austin Matthews. You see Jack Eichel
do it as well, but they also
get to like close
to the goal line on the far side and
they'll just like as long as they get it in their spot
it's off their stick. So they're finding these like
new areas on the ice to score from.
Yeah, these kids are actually well schooled like they've figured out different ways to score on goalies
they're actually studying and work they're not just skating and hanging out and playing
pond hockey all summer these guys are figuring out how to change the angle on their shot
the way the release is you know you watch david pasternak shoot the puck it's every night it's
coming off a different spot on his stick,
and all it takes is the goalie not to read it by an inch,
and it's in the back of the net.
And that's the difference.
Matthews, Ovechkin, we've seen him do it forever.
He just hits knuckleballs every time, and they're rockets,
and they're just all over the place,
and you just hope it hits you in the collarbone
and puts you out of your misery.
So is that a big reason why you
need these six five goaltenders now where they basically have to be robots in order to just as
long as you get to your angle and you're big chances are it's going to hit you because you
just said it's a knuckleball so it's really you can't even see it no yeah exactly that's that's
why the the prototypical guy now is that six four six five 6'5", guy. Vasilevsky.
Put him in the goalie factory and print
him off.
He's a cat guy.
Is he? I'm not a cat guy.
We're not cat guys here.
It makes me kind of like you.
That is interesting.
Can he survive?
Just going back to you,
you have that
year and you don't get in they they kind of bury you what happens in the next year how does that
summer go in toronto not good not good just kind of like oh boy yeah and it's just just sad you
know just sad and hard to get hard to get excited hard to get motivated they brought in Vesa Toskala which again that was going to be like one of those 40-40 splits again not for me to play 70 games but I had a hard time
getting over the year before I talked about I got defensive and instead of just going out and
playing and having fun and working I just worried about everything worried about every little thing
and and again I had a
good deal there should have been no reason for me to really take it as a slight but at that point I
was and I tried to I tried to have fun with it and try to get get better but it took it took a big
toll and again looking back it was I was nowhere near where I needed to be mentally to be able to
play in the NHL and and I got I, and I deserved playing like shit that year.
So as a goaltender, when you're going through something like that,
were you reaching out to mentors, or you kind of just became a shell?
No, I bottled it up.
And again, that's one of the  you talk to the younger guys,
and as an old guy now, it was it was still the psychiatrists were around the sports
therapists were around but it you know five it was still a little taboo i should you know there's
no question it would have helped me just to get just to have one word someone tell me one word
to like snap myself out of whatever bad day i was having uh so so no, I didn't. But that, again, is one of my  the one thing I would change in a big way
is to go sit down and talk to someone that summer.
All right, how do I reset?
How do I block out the noise and all those clichs?
But I was a walking clich at that point for someone who needed to get
a little bit of a sports therapist in my head and give me some tools.
When a coach is using a two-goalie system like that, Razor,
even if the goalies are both the way, can it hurt your confidence,
you know, if he pulls you up for a game, even if you have a good game?
How does that work?
You certainly, and that's always the fear,
even nowadays when guys understand it's a 40-40 game split,
you still have that in your mind when you're on the bench.
I played a bad game last night.
This guy's got a shutout the next night.
When am I going to get back in?
And you always feel that.
And guys can be the best friends as goaltenders,
but you always have that little competitiveness
knowing that there's only one guy going to play.
There's only one guy going to play. And you try and guy going to play and you try and help each other out.
But at the same time, you're still have that somewhere inside of you saying,
I might not get the net after I just gave up four holes on 10 shots.
It's kind of like Darcy Kemper in Arizona, where it got to a point where he was playing so good.
And they were in kind of that 1A, 1B situation where I felt a little bad for Ronta
because I felt like every time it was the coach deciding
where they were going to use him, there would be blowback.
You'd hear it, and it's just like,
oh, God, can't we just all get along?
Just give me a chance tonight.
Just throw him to one bone.
It's the National League.
It's not going to work.
They don't give a shit about feelings.
Do not give a shit about feelings.
I want to go back to the Thornton trade real quick.
When you said OC came down to the room after,
were any of the vets or any players like barking at him or giving him shit?
I know it's not typical for guys to yell at a GM.
It wasn't too contentious.
It was more like why  guys wanted to know what happened
and how no one heard about it or what was going on.
So, yeah, there was a few
guys that stood up and you know and basically it was i'm the gm i make the decisions and i'm going
to live with this one and go out and practice from from what i've heard for it is essentially
it came down to where he just didn't think he was a winner right that was that i believe those were
the comments and you go back i didn't win with them i didn't realize that rib situation it happened the year before in playoffs so you got to think that i mean and that's why i
asked if media played into it there's pressure on everybody on every side of it we talked about
the goalie pressure i couldn't imagine being a fucking general manager in today's nhl so
it's uh you know you're being scrutinized and i mean well i mean milbury still has to fucking
deal with this shit.
You want to talk about O'Connell, I think Milbury probably gets it worse.
And I think DuPont called for him to relinquish the captaincy.
He didn't answer immediate questions because he was hurt and still playing.
He went out the back door.
They wanted a strip of his seat and all that kind of shit.
Yeah, that day was unbelievable.
That was after the season, and they're all looking for Joe,
and Joe's still on the lane, like doesn't try not to talk to anyone.
And I'm sure Joe would say if he was sitting here,
he should have just went out and faced the music. But he went flying out the back door of the fleet center,
and one of the media guys saw him, and they all went running
and chasing after him.
He had the long hair, right? Yeah, yeah yeah chasing him down the stairs he got in his car while they're chasing him into the parking lot i don't know is there a video of that
oh my god somebody has a video it was basically seen from uh the jordan documentary they did
when they got they got him they're chasing him out of no rodman was on a motorcycle joe was on
like a dirt bike.
He's here then.
He could throw you a Vans on.
You pass the Spicoli back in the day.
That's right.
Exactly.
Did you say Muzz's nickname was Mazzarati?
Yeah, the Mazzarati.
That's a great name. Oh, yeah.
He's the guy just in the slot, just sniping.
Just the heaviest hammer, too.
Yeah.
Half slapper.
With your story and kind
of how it evolved and looking back on it would helping goalies and working with them maybe even
joining a team be something that you you look to do or or have you been doing it i've been doing it
a little bit now so i yeah i'm working at uh stop at goaltendings here in town in massachusetts and
i'll go out there with the younger guys i was was on the ice all summer with the college kids and the pro guys.
And, yes, I like the idea of that development.
Again, I saw everything.
I played every role.
It's not ideal for my kid's life right now to go and travel
and run the roads to go scout some kid in Russia.
That, you know, is the next big thing.
But I like  and this is why I like the media part of it, to be honest, I've really enjoyed the,
what I'm doing now because I can feel like I can talk about my story and,
and what I see and, and dumb it down a little bit,
just because I've been in all those situations. But,
but to your direct question, yes, I, I,
I expect myself to get a little bit more and more
as the kids get older and be able to do a little more.
And it would be nice to catch on.
And that's all I know, hockey.
I guess when I first started out, when I retired,
I was like, I'll do a bunch of different stuff.
And I realized I have no idea how to do anything else.
It's basically hockey.
Yeah.
So I've grown to like that idea a
lot more well i just like from seeing sean burke and the work he did in arizona i feel like that
specifically given the mental aspect you talked about too you need to have a really good goalie
coach and i i mean i'd imagine that every team's probably got one in the league that travels with
it with the team now but just even like on a, on a lower level, like college, I mean,
we're going to talk to Eddie Locke later.
It just seems like it's, it's going to be more and more of a significant role moving
forward.
It is.
And it's become, they're, they're building each of these teams are now kind of building
a goalie division altogether.
Like just taking it out of the hands of random pro scouts that, that don't know what they're
looking at.
You know, it's, it's a goalie division.
You've got a director.
You have the NHL guy, the AHL guy, development guy,
and then a guy scouting and pre-scouting, et cetera.
And then a guy in every country checking all these guys
coming from all over the pond.
That's right.
Instead of calling, you know, Perry Johan Axelsson
to ask him about a Swedish goalie,
it's like we have a Swedish goalie guy.
So I'm sure there's going to be more jobs opening up,
and again, that would be cool.
The last few years in the NHL, you bounced around Colorado,
Vancouver, Dallas.
You spent some time with Roberto Luongo.
We'd love to get him on the show.
I haven't had any success thus far, but he seems like a real character.
Yeah, Lou should be on here for sure sitting in this seat.
He's smart.
He's funny.
Great teammate.
Great family guy.
I knew him a little bit going in there, but not on a teammate level.
And I was 30 years old.
I was a year younger than him.
So he was obviously carrying the mail.
I was carrying his golf clubs that entire season.
And there was no doubt about that. so that was a little awkward for me but but he never he never put that on me never made me
feel like that at all and just a just a great great teammate great guy and it's it's been fun
because at that time when I was with him in Vancouver he was getting smoked pretty good
on a regular basis out there. And I think he,
he kind of was quiet and just tried to say his part,
but it's been nice to see him and his personality come out a little bit.
And cause again,
it's,
it's,
it's,
it's,
it's,
it's,
it's,
it's,
it's,
that's Lou.
And he's,
that was him in the locker room.
Yeah.
Oh,
he's so sharp,
so sharp.
Just,
you know,
all it took for him to say two words,
just to make every,
you know,
Darcy Hordachuk, just enough 40, you know, I'm going him to say two words just to make everyone you know darcy hordachuk
just enough hordy you know i'm gonna buy you out hordy it's all it was and then we didn't hear
from hordachuk the rest of the day i think o'brien enough i want to be an obi and lou in the same
room i want to say lou told me a story about uh how hordy convinced him to sell him his like g
wagon and then he and then for a certain price,
and then he flipped it fucking like a month later.
Horty was an unreal deal maker.
Oh, my God.
Horty got me a ton of deals.
Horty was relentless with his deals.
And yes, that was the year I was there.
And you would come in every morning and ask how much it was.
How much is the G-Wagon, Lou?
And you just broke Lou down.
And obviously, Lou wasn't worried about the extra 10 grand Canadian at the time.
Just take it, Horty, as long as you're driving it home.
We might have told this one, too.
I think they  did they have a condo in the same building?
And, like, Horty would bring people through these, like, tours,
and then he would always stop by Lou's place to, like
Hey, Lou!
Yeah, he built  he was doing, like, a star package. This is Rick. He's going to be, Hey Lou. Yeah. He built, he was doing like a star package.
This is Rick.
He's going to be your neighbor.
Possibly.
Yeah.
So the deal I cut to him is I'm going to charge him an extra grand rent,
but he gets to do dinner with you once a week in the family.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks Lou.
We'll see you at the rink.
Have the G wagon papers ready.
Yeah,
exactly.
Well,
he,
we wasn't only selling the,
he wasn't only reselling the G wagon.
He was definitely saying,
this is Roberto.
Can you sign the headrest,
please?
Tell us a few other loose stories.
One hockey card in the glove box. Thanks.
Let's talk more about Horty in your time there.
Oh, Horty.
Horty, O'Brien,
Burroughs, Kessler.
What a bunch of
blasts. What a room.
No BX together?
Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Juice was there.
No surprise what he's doing.
He's crushing it too.
He adds an element on Hockey Night in Canada.
You're like, whoa, this is  because he's so current with the game.
He'll say anything.
He has the career to back up anything he's saying.
Well, I think we saw it firsthand when he did the
sadeen ceremony like he gets up on the mic there's 20 000 people he doesn't beat an eye he doesn't
skip a word and he's so much confidence and every word coming out of his mouth and he played like
and that's how it was that's how it was but the best hordy was again we it was he was relentless
it was every day and burles just everybody we just on him all the time. But the one thing was he ended up getting into this penny stock thing.
There was some kind of thing he was going to hit it big,
some random gold stock in Alberta.
And finally, we heard about it all the time,
and we had the computer in the lounge,
and we just put the stock ticker of this penny stock that was dropping like 50 a day.
I thought you were going to say it was going up.
We just left it, put it right there in the lounge every day as a walk-in.
Yeah, it was  and again, he just  he was the best for going through all of that.
Guys would call his wife  like on the road, they would call his wife
and say it was him and like texting him, take his phone.
But he was always a great sport and always there for me.
I haven't talked to him since Pittsburgh.
I wonder if he  would he come on here?
I think he'll come on.
He's in Scottsdale.
He helps out with the Thunderbirds who throw on the waste management.
Oh, okay.
Oh, yeah.
He's well dialed in in Scottsdale.
But at one point, though, would you guys fuck him all the time?
He had to have snapped at least once.
I never saw him snap.
I never saw him snap.
Good for him.
Yeah, and obviously he could have.
Oh, man, he was so tough.
He could have broke my neck.
Yeah, exactly.
But no, he never, never snapped.
Always had a smile.
Always laughed it off somehow.
Played so hard.
After finishing up in North America, you went to Italy.
I'm not sure we've had too many guys who played in the Italian league.
How was the play over there?
Like style play.
It was rough around the edges.
Let's say rough around the edges.
I went,
I was,
I,
my last year in the NHL was in Dallas.
I got sent down maybe February,
like right at the deadline.
And I, and I was done. I was pretty burnt out at the deadline. And I was done.
I was pretty burnt out and knew at the time I was 34.
So I knew I had the writing on the wall.
And I'd been to Finland, like I said, and I wanted to go back to Europe.
And this deal to go to Milan came up.
And there was talk that they were going to try and put this team into the khl the year
after and you know all the wheeling and dealing and it didn't you know it was interesting but at
the time i just wanted to to go to europe you know i had a young my little guy was three years old
my wife was more than happy to live in downtown milan and and we went and played and and the guys
were amazing the italian guys were great. The North Americans I played with.
A bunch of good guys.
But the hockey was not really that great.
But we had a blast.
Literally, we'd go on a road trip, get on the bus.
After the games, we'd go down and have beers in the arena
with the opposite fans in every building.
Because they have a bar in every arena.
So we'd grab beers afterwards for the bus home
and hang out with people.
So it was an amazing experience,
but certainly you don't necessarily go there
to progress your hockey career.
I would guess there'd probably be a lot of conditioning issues
with all the food and wine over there.
I know I have a problem with it.
Surprisingly, I heard that the food in Italy,
even if you're eating pasta, it's like clean and light
that it runs right through you.
Jens went over there.
He said he lost weight, and he was going to
That's got to be
That's Jens, yeah.
That's Jens.
We'll have to talk to him about it when he gets on here.
Dude, this was  unless you have more questions, this has been awesome.
No, it's been great.
Actually, and you finished up in Sweden, so I just want to mention that.
How was your time there? Everybody seemed to enjoy it there. Yeah, it's been great. Actually, and you finished up in Sweden, so I just want to mention that. How was your time there?
Everybody seemed to enjoy it there.
Yeah, Sweden's amazing, beautiful.
I just had twins, so that was a little extra.
We decided right at the last minute to go.
What were we going to do back here in Boston if we have twins
and a little guy that we're not going to do there?
So we had friends.
It worked out really well, and it was great.
The hockey went way up, obviously.
The caliber was way up and had some great friends there as well.
What city?
I was in Ume up north, so five hours north of Stockholm.
Really nice college town right on the river.
It's beautiful.
It's a beautiful country, and people are great
and still have lots of friends there.
Nice.
Again, a good way to finish up.
Obviously, we all want to finish up hoisting a Stanley Cup
and go off into the sunset.
It doesn't happen like that, man.
It really does not happen like that at all unless you're Ray Bork.
And I'm far from that.
So, it was a good way to finish up.
My family got to see cool things.
And now I'm back in Boston.
No, we never had to hear about that Tuka Rask guy ever again.
Yeah, it's only been eight years.
What did he end up doing?
Only eight years, the guy's a bozo, right?
But the good part to that, though, now, I'll finish up,
is now my kids watch Tuca, and I got traded for him.
So that means that I must have been as good as Tuca.
That validates.
So they never got to see me play.
They never got but they can
actually think that I was that good so that's
been a quiet bonus.
Kids, I got traded for him one for one.
Straight up. I was going to say
bust out the VHS so you're Calder here
if I could just put it on repeat.
Right after Paw Patrol.
Well man, thank you so much for coming by. This is great. Guys, I had a blast. Hey, like right after Paw Patrol. All right.
Well, man, thank you so much for coming by.
This is great.
Guys, I had a blast.
Thanks for having me.
We appreciate it.
Thanks so much, Razor.
You got it.
Thanks.
Awesome.
Big thanks to Razor for stopping by the Chicklets house for the interview.
Such a nice guy, man.
Like, you know, it's probably tough to be known as the guy who got traded for a likely future Hall of Fame.
But he's such a good guy.
He doesn't care.
He won a call.
He had a nice career. And he was a real pleasure to have here. But he's such a good guy. He doesn't care. He went to Calder. He had a nice career.
He was a real pleasure to have here.
Yeah, doing well in media now.
So best of luck to him.
Good head of hair on him too, eh?
Yeah, he looked phenomenal.
And all right, I was traded for Kunitz.
So yeah.
Yeah, he can get over it.
Did I do that?
You can get over it.
You can get over it.
If you don't, you're going to live a long, painful life.
So thanks a lot.
Appreciate him coming
on uh what else we got uh well speaking of houses everybody wants to own their own home someday some
folks might be a tad apprehensive because what they perceive as a scary process but cross-country
mortgage is great at helping you through the process and they're the best at getting loans
closed cross-country mortgage is america's crazy good mortgage company cross-country
mortgage combines a people-first mindset with a dedication to the fundamentals of mortgage lending
which results in a fast easy and stress-free home financing experience a personalized approach of
assessing individual needs to recommend the best loan option for each customer has allowed
cross-country mortgage to serve their communities and forge lifelong relationships since 2003.
Apparently, people are getting at the wit dog for being a homeowner.
Yeah, I got a couple messages like,
we all don't have money and can't own a home.
Well, I mean, that's a pretty normal thing to buy a house,
so if you need help doing it.
I'm sorry that we're talking about, at some point, if you're able to,
it's probably a good idea so i i taking offense to the to us discussing trying to own a home is an interesting interesting
way to go about things very interesting but i still i still i'm going to um stand by my word
that if you can you can buy a house someday it's a good idea yep and come at me if you can, you can buy a house someday. It's a good idea. Yep. Come at me if you want.
And take the headache away by getting some people you trust
who can handle things appropriately in certain categories.
Take that, stupid equity.
Hey, although they've grown into a nationwide lender over the years,
cross-country mortgages focus on maintaining the mom-and-pop spirit
continues to separate them from the competition.
They have solutions to serve virtually every situation,
first-time buyers, military vets, folks with less than stellar credit,
and they're licensed in all 50 states.
When people are buying or refinancing, they want it done quickly,
and that's why they choose cross-country mortgage,
because in most cases, the underwriting is complete in 24 hours or less,
using top vendors and the best technology.
Cross-country mortgage puts customers first by providing the tools and resources for loan offices to succeed within their own offices.
They know their businesses and markets best, and this approach helps everyone win.
So go to CCMLens.com slash NBD to learn more about your future home buying experience that's ccmlends.com
slash nbd to learn more cross-country mortgage llc and mls 3029 www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org
equal housing opportunity nice and we don't house shame here on Spittin' Chips.
No, we're not house shame.
We're pro-home ownership here,
and definitely pro-using cross-country mortgage
because they're the best at what they do.
All right, gang, we got a few news and notes to get to.
The Jim Gregory General Manager of the Year Award finalists
were announced on Wednesday,
and they are Julian Brisebois of Tampa Bay,
Jim Dill of Dallas,
and our pal Lou Lamorello of the Islanders.
Not sure when the results are going to be announced,
but we did get the results of the Masterson Trophy,
and Otto was Bobby Ryan, won it this year.
Of course, he battled some personal issues to go on and have a great year,
and of course, he had that incredible return to play,
which everybody was happy to see.
Hopefully, Bobby's doing well, you well, battling that disease as a motherfucker.
And it's a daily thing.
It's an everyday thing.
So we wish him the best, obviously, going forward.
Yeah, all remarkable candidates.
Oscar Lindbaum as well.
Steven Johns, who battled some mental health issues.
No losers in that category.
Absolutely.
They all deserved it.
But congratulations to Bobby Ryan.
A very inspiring story.
And something that's difficult to go public with.
Fucking right.
And I think I was
reading something. He never intended it to
gain the notoriety that it did,
but given it's something that's
affecting so many people, when
people
at the top of the hockey world or whatever
profession it is, they talk
against it. It makes other people
feel like they can get through it and battle
and overcome it as well. It helps chip away at the stigma a little bit.
And that's the thing, the media often says, oh, he overcame it.
It's like, well, when you're an addict, every day you have to overcome it.
You never win.
You battle every day.
And like I said, Bobby's battling, and hopefully he's doing good.
We got the Jack Adams Award winner for Coach of the Year,
and Bruce Cassidy of the Boston Bruins, won it.
I had no vote.
I know people thought there was a Boston bias.
The same mortgage people going after Witt
are coming after R.A. for Cassidy winning.
You called it.
I'm not part of the NHL Broadcaster Association.
I did not have a vote, but he did beat out Torrance and A.V.,
who were certainly worthy finalists.
But Witt?
I just want to say congrats to Bruce Cassidy
because a former first-round pick who never became an NHL regular,
and then he gets right into coaching.
I believe he was player coach his last year.
And then he gets right into coaching,
and he gets up to the NHL pretty quick in Washington,
and things didn't go well.
He's there a year and a half, two years.
Well, he goes back, and he ended up coaching in the ohl and then he grinded away in in the ahl for like eight nine years so he's been he's been through the roller coaster
of a career as a player and a coach and he just reached the top level well you know i guess it'd
be the stanley cup but right there in terms of uh a long grind it's been for for a guy that
i think has probably learned a ton.
If you asked him about himself as a coach in Washington compared to now,
he'd probably just start laughing because he's just become someone that I think guys love playing for.
Congrats to him.
Well-deserved.
I had torts, but this makes sense the way you look at it.
I think them getting bounced in Game 5 against Tampa kind of overshadowed how much success Boston had
during the regular season
and how much of a fine-tuned machine they looked
before the break ended up happening.
Another category that had a lot of good candidates,
of course, people...
I think people thought that Tortorella got shafted on it,
but he ended up third in voting behind Vigneault as well.
Yeah, and I mean, imagine what coach, I believe 19 seasons now,
he's been nominated five times, so almost 25 of his career,
he's been a Coach of the Year nominee, Tortorella.
It's pretty impressive stuff.
Yeah.
He's entertaining as hell, too.
Is he a Hall of Famer?
Oh, yeah.
He coached the Olympic team, too, didn't he?
Yeah, I don't know if he was head or assistant,
but of course he coached the Lightning in 2004.
Took him to the outside.
That's right.
That's a good question.
I mean, he's been around forever.
Yeah.
Yeah, good stuff.
Also, per our pal Elliot Friedman,
the Caps have interviewed Babcock and Gallant
for the open coaching vacancy,
and they've also had permission to speak to Laviolette.
The Devils hired Mark Reckie as an assistant coach. He, of course, was with
Pittsburgh last season, but they
sued all their assistants,
kept their head guy, Sully, but
Recchi ended up with the Devils.
The Predators hired former Avalanche
Dan Hinote as an assistant coach.
He, of course, won a cup with the Avalanche back
in 2001 and had spent the last few
seasons with the USNTDP
of Ryan Whitney fame. What a program. Back in 2001, I had spent the last few seasons with the USNTDP,
a Ryan Whitney fan.
What a program.
What an absolute amazing place I got to spend one year.
Is that where you got kicked out of your billet house?
Yeah.
But other than that, it was amazing.
For crashing into a basketball hoop and lying about it.
Yeah, that was ridiculous.
I should have never got the boot for that. Did I do that?
I should have never got the boot for that.
It wasn't even their car.
Going back to the Torts comment
about being a Hall of Famer,
he should be in the Hall of Fame
just for his press conference alone.
He's a wing.
Yeah, they should have
like a setup
where it's all
of his iconic rants.
And you could press a button
and hear it in live time.
Put a hologram.
They let you hold
a tape recorder
and you can really
just act like...
And they have a hologram of him.
Exactly.
It's a virtual experience with Torts.
Yeah.
And when he gets inducted, they set up a booth just for like maybe for like a week of like you come in, you get to ask him a question with the recorder and he just gets to yell at you in your face.
No, the hologram has just that little, like it's like an amusement park ride.
It can like spray water at you when he's screaming like he's spitting on you.
You get the real experience.
Brooksy, they call you Brooksy.
He fucking hated that Brooksy guy.
Larry Brooks, the guy at the Post.
He does.
He loves calling the media guys.
Dan Boyle, too.
Remember Dan Boyle went out at Brooksy once?
Yeah, a lot of guys.
Did he used to stir the pot?
Oh, I think he was the definition.
Oh, yeah.
New York Post tabloid reporter.
I don't hear him pop up as much anymore. He's still still in the mix but i actually haven't heard his name in a while
i think because he's a newspaperman still like he's not he doesn't have a huge online presence
steve simmons the canadian version of of larry i wouldn't i wouldn't insult larry brooks like that
okay i listen i i follow steve simmons and like I think it's fucking hilarious, some of his takes.
I don't think what he did with the Austin Matthews things was funny.
Crash.
I think when you release somebody's personal health documents.
Without knowledge or permission from them or their agent.
Yeah.
That's a HIPAA violation.
That's a little bit nutty.
But, I mean, hey, if that's how you have to feed your family and pay pay the mortgage from cross-country mortgages uh but uh dude some of his takes man and i just go
right to the comment section and it's just a fucking chirp fest dude remember he kind of
tripped with like it was a little after the show started you know we were starting to get a little
success he's like oh what up ryan whitney whatever to that guy? It was like totally out of left field. Did he really?
I love him even more.
Yeah, like totally.
Chuck me one of those pink bottles of vodka, Simmons, you fucking peasant.
When did he say that?
This was years ago, dude.
We talked about it.
It was probably episode 69.
Oh, man, I fucking must have blacked it out.
He's a serious clown.
I didn't mind until you just reminded me of that.
Yeah, yeah.
I was just like out of the blue.
Fucking striping the golf ball around Steveve you fucking piece of shit no we're not we're not
you're writing in a newspaper you're a dinosaur what am i having a ryan whitney i don't know he's
just fucking at a podcast shitting all over i didn't bring him up to to roast him i just think
he's a funny guy on social media where he's got some of the because his fucking takes are so
ridiculous no no and he's a big boy.
He knows what he said.
Is this from a movie?
Good fellas.
Oh, okay.
My bad.
My bad.
It went over my head.
I got that one.
We should get Steve-O on the fucking pod.
Ask him why he threw Austin Matthews under the bus.
Go down Maccabi's Lakers, play the lottery.
You got a better chance of that.
R.A., you hate this guy i'm actually team simmons now that
he chirped wet i'm gonna fucking send him i'm gonna send him a case of pink whitney
oh shit i love it we love you steve yeah love you uh it's a good time to say that spitting
chiclets is brought to you by the great taste and bud light salsa i'm actually up for another
one right about now available in four delicious flavors of mango black cherry lemon line and strawberry right in my hand right now all at just 100 calories and
five percent alcohol by value volume talk much it's one of my first one two drink it alone or
mix it up with the pink whitney to create the fizz nasty get it delivered all playoffs long
by heading over to bud lightight.com slash delivery.
And we're actually hiring over at Bud Light Salsa.
We're looking for our own version of Chicklets memes by hiring our first ever chief meme officer.
So head on over to Bud Light's Instagram account to find out more at Bud Light.
You'll never find another memes, but good luck.
He's creating an industry where people are now getting hired to just do memes because of memes.
Morningstar is the meme bop. He rose to be so good
when Whit asked me what meta meant,
and I couldn't do it.
And then that meme itself
was actually meta,
so it even made it fucking...
I listened to the...
So re-listening on the memes thing
of you describing that was...
It made less sense than it did
when we were sitting here.
That was crazy.
But then your explanation,
you were so unsure of yourself.
You just knew you couldn't describe it.
That's like me every podcast, every time I open my mouth.
I still don't know what meta means, you know, so we'll leave it at that.
Yeah, that's Biz calling his mom to say hello.
Well, we got good news for listening.
After she finds another one of my loads.
I was thinking about that days later.
I was like, oh, my God, that's horrifying.
The lady who lived here came over the other day and was like, hey.
She was here at the CSI fucking blacklight.
She's like, make sure Biz stays away from all my desks, please.
No, she didn't.
Oh, my God.
And then he was like oh for sure for sure
and she's like i was kidding because i'm fucking with you dude i just wanted to see what you guys
are doing in my apartment or my house excuse me sorry about the weed smell she knows you're
throwing herself around the master bedroom you got up there um we got some great news to listeners
across both ponds i know the pond usually means the the Atlantic, but in this case, also the Pacific,
because Spittin' Chicklets is now shipping
to the United Kingdom and Australia.
As an Irish-American, I did inquire about the old sod.
Apparently, we've not delivered to Ireland.
I'm going to look into this further
because we're dropping off parcels on one part of the island,
I-S-L-I-N-D, not Ireland, island.
Then we should be able to drop it the other.
So I'm going to push for getting our gear to Ireland,
not just the United Kingdom.
So you went to war for the Colorado people
for getting their avalanche on TV,
and now you're going to war to get Chicklets merchandise
to both or all parts of Ireland.
Yeah, specifically the Republic of Ireland.
It wouldn't be the first time. I feel like you're doing this just to get a free trip to Ireland. I parts of Ireland. Yeah, specifically the Republic of Ireland. It wouldn't be the first time.
I feel like you're doing this just to get a free trip to Ireland.
I won one before.
And by war, you mean, Corneli, do this.
No, no.
If I get a rattle of cans, I'll rattle them.
I legit won a trip to Ireland.
He'll send an email to G to make him do it.
The trip to Ireland, you won, fell off a truck.
How'd you win it?
Dude, legit hilarious.
Me and my boy,
shut up, my pal Boise,
who passed away a couple years ago. We left the Bruins
game one night. He's like, let's go to Ned Devine's.
It was St. Paddy's Day weekend. He's like, they're giving
away a free trip to Ireland.
And you didn't have to buy anything. You just filled
out the raffle ticket. And they actually gave you
either a shot of Jameson or like a
Guinness just for entering. It was like
double no-brainer. So it was a free drink.
If I could get a time machine, I would go back in time to that place.
I legit fucking other than Pink Whitney.
I don't drink a lot of hot alcohol, but I'm like, fuck it.
Give me a Jameson for good luck.
Well, lo and behold, the winner of the trip to Ireland, Brian McGonigal.
I was like, holy fuck.
I was smashed.
Double fisted.
I get up there.
And the guy was like, had to pull like another name.
So he's like, here, hold the mic. And it's like a crowd by and i started saying i was like and it's
no never he's like give me like a microphone back so i took he's like you won the trip but it was
like for three nights for free so i'm like well you're not gonna go all the way to ireland for
three nights so i ended up spending money to stay like another three or four nights you know to make
it worth it and i can't wait to go back. It was there in November, too. Not exactly peak weather.
Beautiful place.
Beautiful people.
Can't recommend it enough.
Can't wait to go back.
Love it.
Love it.
One other quick video.
Lin Blom come back from Philly.
I don't know which airport it was.
His puppy greeted him.
Oscar Lin Blom.
Did you see the video, Biz?
Yeah, I did.
As a dog guy, Biz.
I'm a dog guy now. This girl I started i mean awesome yeah as a dog guy biz you must i'm
a dog guy now my uh you know this girl i started dating she's got a dog finnigan and i sing to him
every day i he's basically my best friend now i don't even care about humans but how about finnigan
i don't know who the player was in the background but his old lady jumped all over him i was like
i don't know if they were gonna make it home they might have been on
pasta level a5 of the airport taking care of things.
Yeah, but it was cool.
I mean, I guess we talked about it earlier.
And, you know, these guys have been in this bubble.
They just want to see their families.
And, you know, what they're going through is difficult.
Yeah, a lot of guys wanting to get home.
Speaking of getting home, Dustin Johnson is going to go home with yet another fucking golf trophy.
Oh, my God.
This guy.
home dustin johnson's gonna go home with with yet another fucking golf trophy oh my god this guy oh when he's when he's playing like he is right now it's it's hard to imagine how he ever loses
now the game's so difficult you just lose it but justin thomas said i think a couple weeks ago
it might have been a little more than a month dustin johnson shot 80 80 two rounds in a row
and and justin thomas said i I've never seen him look like this.
When he's on, he's just hitting these 325-yard baby cuts,
middle of the fairway, and then shoving five irons from 220 to like 10 feet.
So you got to think he's the favorite going into the U.S. Open.
Just an unreal, just dominating event.
I'll tell you right now, if you start the tournament 10 under,
you got a two-shot lead, it's a great feeling.
But then he went out and he just did what he had to do.
Slept on a lead, got it done.
I want to shout out 51 Strokes, Caleb.
That's business company.
Yeah, only when he's home
at his parents' house.
Check it out, 51 Strokes.
I think it's Caleb's
journey from maybe
a 51 handicap to becoming a member of the PGA Tour.
So he sent me this, and this is legit.
It's my new shirt.
Did Justin Thomas not say that he's never seen a guy look more lost on a golf course than what?
I think he said, I've never seen DJ look more lost.
I think.
Okay.
No, because he's probably seen some lost people on golf courses.
So the...
I guess the humor in Dustin Johnson is he's not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
And somebody...
What he gives off, yeah.
Like, you don't know.
I've never talked to him.
Okay.
Don't talk about my friend Wayne's son-in-law like that.
I love watching.
He just struts around.
He's got the most swagger.
Or he just doesn't even care or know.
He's just like, whatever, man.
Well, okay.
What was the comment?
Oh, dude, the interview?
So Dustin Johnson, legit, like every question, he's just like, yeah, you know, I'm doing my best or whatever.
So the guy is saying to him, you said this week I need to win the FedEx Cup.
I need to win it.
I got this career, but I got one major, and this would just add to my legacy.
Why did you say that you needed to win?
And he goes, well, I didn't say I needed to.
I said I wanted to.
I was fucking  I was like, rewound it.
He's just like, well, I never said i needed to i just he's like i
have 80 million dollars i wanted to he's like the forrest gump of golf unbelievable and he just
steps up and he hits the thing it's just he's so he's it's just incredible to watch i think it was
his 23rd win on tour in the last six weeks he's won 19 million dollars on tour yeah i mean it's good
for him because watching this guy play golf is a treat and i and i think phil mickelson said one
time to be really good at golf you gotta be really dumb or really smart maybe i'm butchering the
quote but dj doesn't come off as the smartest guy but he's just perfect for what he does.
I think he'd be a pro athlete in any sport he'd pick.
He's just a freak.
So he's got one major as of right now.
One of the majors, he should have won it. He kind of got screwed on the penalty where he grounded the club in the bunker.
Would you not agree, though, in order
and you might already say he's already a Hall of Famer,
but to solidify himself as one of the greats, you've got to win majors yeah i think so i think he's gonna win a fedex this year is
that right he won the fedex but the fedex is i i mean it's legit it's it's the season-long award
but majors are looked at so differently yeah whistling straights he got screwed when i mean
his club did hit the bunker but there were people standing in that that was a gong show and show. And then he had the lead at the U.S. Open at Pebble Beach.
And he's had I mean, he's had a bunch of chances.
Then he got hurt when he was he was playing like he is now before the Masters a few years ago.
And like he fell down the stairs and he did night before the tournament.
And he probably would have won that week.
So right now we'll see.
He can go on.
If you won the U.S. Open in the Masters, no one would be that surprised.
I don't I certainly wouldn't. If he won the U.S. Open and the Masters, no one would be that surprised. I certainly wouldn't be.
I hope he doesn't.
I want to see him win 10 majors.
I love watching that guy play golf.
I got to be inside the ropes.
I was inside the ropes at the PGA event in Boston like five years ago
with him, Jason Day, and maybe Patrick Reed,
and just walked around behind him.
And this dude was just strutting around, getting to his ball,
chucking some grass up in the air, and then hitting a...
What he said to his brother, it was like 2.15,
his brother's just caddied to a back pin.
And he's like, I'll just hit a little baby cut at the TV tower.
And his brother's like, yeah, perfect.
And just...
Just the thing's right at the TV tower,
just fades five yards to like six feet.
I was like, oh my God, this must be so fun.
So, yeah, good luck to DJ.
Yeah, nobody coils a golf ball like that guy.
And for the next portion of our country club segment of spit and chiclets,
Biz Novak Djokovic poisoned.
Oh, man.
Oh, this guy.
DQ'd in the open, US Open.
Did he deserve the DQ in your mind?
self-dq'd oh you opened us open did you just did he deserve the dq in your mind so i just i like just hate this culture of where when like somebody of fame makes a mistake it's like the easy thing
where people just like oh what a classist piece of shit now i don't think jokovic has had necessarily
the best year he threw that party in the midst of covid uh and through this like what it was like a
tennis event where he invited a bunch of people
and then had this big party.
And then a bunch of people ended up testing positive afterward.
Surprise, you have COVID.
And I don't have an opinion on the vaccine shit.
I would vaccine my kids because I don't know.
I'm just trusting a professional's opinion.
I think he's an anti-vaxxer.
So I think he's got a lot of strikes against him
as far as what, the media world?
The normal world.
And he's had a history of snapping.
Sometimes he snaps, as anyone would at any profession at the top.
I think that's probably what makes him good.
Right.
So in this case, and I think that he's been warned
and people have actually asked him in interviews,
do you ever think something like this is going to come back to bite you?
And he kind of like scoffed at the question, was like pigeon-tossed the guy.
Well, sure as shit. He's at the U.S. Open in the fourth round.
And he didn't look too frustrated when it happened,
but I think he did it out of frustration where he just kind of spun around.
He probably zipped it a little harder than he wanted to and fired a ball,
and the line judge wasn't watching. And it was probably, what it a little harder than he wanted to and fired a ball and the
line judge wasn't watching and it was probably what a 60 year old woman she looked about 50 or
60 yeah right in the throat and and and there's like that second where and then she just stumbles
down now of course like you know there's funny comments on i mean she could have been 80 and that
that her like performance well well then you get the flop comments and i mean
i'm gonna chuck one up but we've seen her like has anyone put her in like a soccer field and
just like had her go down well the name arm uh the name our gifts started coming out he it did
seem like it was kind of a rocket but i think their job is to be looking at them at all times
no listen i don't think in that case, complete accident.
As soon as it left him.
Yeah, he kind of jumped.
He was like, oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
But the rule is in tennis that if you...
Assault the judge with a tennis ball.
If you don't tie your shoes, you get arrested on a tennis court.
It was clearly a fucking accident.
The guy shouldn't be kicked out of a major tournament.
I don't think he's lost a match all year. So was the front runner winning the u.s open so now he gets
tossed because he makes a little mistake i just i can't reason with the people who are like no
that's the rules it's just like if you can't like put people who are smart enough to just like watch
the replay and say hey this was an accident he should be able to keep playing i don't know man
yeah that's not abuse i when i
saw that he got the boot i was like what did this guy do and i think somebody sent a text he like
hit the line judge i thought he might have like got physical with the guy who's calling in or out
sitting in the chair the head umpire i think it's called yeah and then i saw that i was like oh my
god you get the boot you know it's like god did he get the boot it did look bad
but I think his natural reaction showed
he was like oh my god I did not mean to do that
at all
maybe he gives up a point or something
even that to just get the entire
kicked out of the tournament
that's a tough pill to swallow
we're chuckling about it I would imagine at this point
the woman's fine
I'm falling and I can't get up dude you play like wall ball Of course. I mean, we're chuckling about it. I would imagine at this point the woman's fine. I mean, she ended up getting a tennis ball.
Dude, you play like wall ball with like softballs.
Like this lady's fine.
It was a tennis ball.
Imagine having like a fucking half a mil on him for the tournament though.
Like at a casino in Venice or something.
Oh my God.
No shit.
I didn't even think of that.
The gambling aspect.
How long do you guys think until she files a lawsuit? I think it's already filed. Oh, okay God. No shit. I didn't even think of that. The gambling aspect. How long do you guys think until she files a lawsuit?
I think it's already filed.
Oh, okay.
Nice.
But it's in a Serbian court.
Good luck getting it.
See you in 2130.
All right.
Well, look, I know we've been having some fun this episode,
but Monday was nine years since one of the worst days in hockey history happened.
The plane crash of the KHL's locomotive
Jaroslavl team. The
45 passengers and crew, flight engineer
Alexander Seesoff was the lone survivor.
You know, I remember
that day like it was yesterday because it was
legit one of the saddest days
as not just a sports fan, but as
a human being, you know, knowing
some of those guys. So, you know, here at Spit and Chicklets
we, you know, want to of those guys. So, you know, here at Spit and Chicklets, we, you know,
want to acknowledge the tremendous loss experienced that day by the hockey
community and particularly the friends and family of everybody who perished
that day.
And we sincerely wish that all that family and friends are doing as well as
they can because, you know, losing anybody obviously is tough,
but when it's done in such a public manner and everyone knows,
it just adds to an already horrific event.
So like I said,
we,
we,
every year we,
we,
we mentioned this and this is the time to mention it.
So I know,
I know thoughts and prayers are such a played out thing,
but you know,
our hearts with everybody who lost everyone.
It wasn't just a Russian thing.
It affected everybody in the continent.
There are plays from all over.
It was,
it was a crushing day for the world of hockey again.
So we wanted to acknowledge that
and continue to extend our best wishes
to everybody experienced loss that day.
Yeah, well said.
Well said.
That was one of the worst days in hockey history.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah, absolutely.
So, all right, what else, guys?
Any other final notes?
I just had Wayne Simmons,
and the fact that I've been hearing rumblings
that Toronto Maple Leafs might sign him.
Now, this might be a rumor on Twitter because I get roped in,
hook, line, and sinker, but I would love to see Wayne Simmons there.
And, I mean, I mentioned the word sandpaper and that grit
that Toronto Maple Leafs need.
They could use a net front guy like that.
And I know he's maybe not able to contribute at the level that he once did,
but I would like to see him go back home at a chance to
you've got to think in the next few years,
they're going to make some type of run with that team.
At some point, something's going to start clicking, right?
I hope so.
So, yeah, I would like to see Wayne Simmons in the blue and white,
and that's all I've got to say about that.
Anybody else want to have a player in the team,
just mock up a jersey, put it on Twitter,
and Bizzle will talk about it next episode.
Most gullible guy in the world right there.
Thursday, Twitch.
Twitch.tv, Spittin' Under Spittin' Chicklets,
electric chair.
We'll be there.
All right, everybody.
Have a fantastic weekend,
and we'll check back with you Monday.
As always, we'd like to thank our sponsors here
on Spittin' Chicklets.
You guys are the best.
Big thanks forever to our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends over at Earnest for taking care of everybody with their student loans.
Of course, we love the guys and girls over at Roman for helping the fellas on the podcast out.
Big, huge thanks to everybody at Cross Country Mortgage.
We love working with you.
Hope the feeling is mutual.
And a big thanks to Bud Light Salsa.
I'm about due for another one right about now.
Have a great week, everybody.
Look at the stars.
Look how they shine for you.
Everything you do.
Yeah, they were all yellow.
I came along.
I wrote a song for you.
And all the things you do.
And it was called Yellow.
