Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. You make my heart sing. You make everything groovy.
Wild thing.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 294 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the old Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Feels like week three here in Boston.
MCI Charleston, I'm feeling like for Grinnelly and Chaser over here.
But Biz, we joined the high seas yesterday.
We'll be dropping the video a little later,
but wasn't the best experience for you?
We had the fridge, Todd Fedorek, join us.
It was a great experience, and I'm looking forward to everyone watching that
as well as Donnie does.
Our first collaboration.
He sure does.
And he does quite a bit.
Oh, boy.
He even brings his own cameras.
Yeah, he's a piece of work.
But anyways, we had a great time on the high seas yesterday.
Not a ton of fish, but we'll save that for the video.
It's good stuff coming.
What's going on? Not much. I was thrilled to not be on that boat with you guys no offense love you
guys but no desire to be out there and sure shit we had one man with a little issue in terms of
swells and the old uh what do they say center of gravity in your brain maybe that the equilibrium
that was the holy shit i blocked gravity i thought, a little far away from equilibrium.
But I've gotten a bunch of people that have reached out since I told my story about Alaska.
There's a million different things.
A bunch of people say some patch behind your ears that'll help you out.
So still, I enjoyed the video right away.
And then I heard RA was a wreck.
So I just figured it was a normal chicklet's content piece.
Well, when Biz got DNQ, DNP rather.
I thought we were going to divulge too much information on this fucking thing.
All right, we won't.
We'll save it then.
I was throwing off his lead.
We'll save it.
But G told me I had to step up, so I stepped up.
Yes, you did.
I.e., got drunk in the morning.
Hey, you got to step up, RA.
What do I do?
Yeah.
You know I'm not a morning person i gotta
get in the mood so i thought i did but anyways video to come boston's great we got a few more
days here but meanwhile game four tampa the island is tampa with the ever commanding three to one
series lead after the four one win today isles got a quick one nothing lead by who else brock
nelson with his ninth of the playoffs but it was very short-lived as Blake Coleman and Andre Palat scored 12 seconds apart.
Tampa got two more in the third, one from Point and ENG from Pat Maroon.
Does the Islanders come back here with or no?
No, God no. Are you shitting me?
There's no chance they're coming back.
I would say that they are so outmatched.
I know that you may think it sounds crazy, and at times in the series they've been evenly matched,
but Tampa's such a better team.
Tampa's the best team in the league.
And I know that this season maybe started off a little bit slow for them,
but they're coming off, it's like PTSD playing hockey for them
after the record-breaking year and what we've talked happened last year.
And if you look at the regular season,
what the Islanders were doing before the entire break,
I mean, they were struggling. So when you look at these two teams, what the Islanders were doing before the entire break, I mean, they were struggling.
So when you look at these two teams, they're not even close on paper.
And they got point back, and that was huge.
But look at the games they've won.
They dominated game one, shit-kicking.
Game two, they had nine forwards.
They pulled out a win.
Yeah, game three, they got beat, but they made it close.
They came back late.
And then game four, an easy 4-1 win.
So you're looking at a team who's uh heads and shoulders
above the islanders and i think that once you see them put it all together and when point comes back
in and the the patches past kucherov made today to palad who scores again he's got eight this
playoff run i think uh it's just been it's just been dominating so i think we got two games to
catch up on but today was it was it wasn't really close. Yeah, they get over to 1-0 and 10 seconds later.
So let's go back to Game 3.
So there was some obvious bad blood there with the high hit that Nelson took
from Goudreau, given where the game was by the end of it,
who was Akucherov giving Pajot the business on the empty net.
No free goals there.
And that kind of got things going.
And at that point, when I talked about the,
I got a feeling, all of a sudden,
the Islanders make the series 2-1,
and they're dragging Tampa into their game,
into the mud, make it very aggressive.
Well, I thought that that was going to be an advantage
for the Islanders moving into game four,
but that wasn't the case.
And I mean like would
you not agree in the fact that that in that style of game that that that's not Tampa style I don't
think it is but I think one of the biggest things they talked about after last year's debacle was
making it more their style and making and that's why Pat Maroons brought in and that's why you see
them go out and make the deals for Goudreau and Coleman. And understandably, you can't get pushed around.
So I think that the Islanders did their best.
And we saw before Game 4, we're checking in on Twitter.
And before the game, they're going at it at the red line.
I mean, Maroon's talking to Johnston, who's in the lineup,
because I believe Sezikis was out.
And Martin's in the mix.
And what I really like from Tampa is, yeah, they got guys like Paquette,
and they got Maroon and some bigger guys. Shen's willing to fight of course but today what stuck out was Matt Martin
takes a late shot I think it was the end of the first period you could tell I was actually
surprised they didn't call a penalty I guess it's a playoff game no need to but who stepped in there
Shattenkirk and he kind of got ragdolled a little bit Martin's an animal but still just to get in
there and show that the entire team won't won't back down and i think that's what what makes kucherov so special is he's such a competitor
and when he was chasing down peugeot in game three i bet you like cooper's thinking please
don't take a suspension please because he's nuts you know what i mean that's suspended last year
against columbus i'm gonna he's like and you could the wires crossed and that was a pretty big slash
and i really respected Pajot
to stick right back up to him.
That kid doesn't give a shit.
He's willing to fight
but the whole Tampa team,
it's changed.
The way they play,
they're physical,
they're not shying away
and they're not afraid of anything.
You're saying the old Tampa team
might have shied away there
but they go out
and they get Shen,
they sign him.
Of course, Maroon.
Coleman,
now let's go back to game four.
First goal, his his fault he cheats
a little bit on nelson he ends up getting walked nelson puts in that beauty who's oh my god this
guy i actually saw a clip that um kevin connelly actually drafted him he was sent up to the podium
did you see that yeah that was good stuff yeah he made the call he got to go up there and make
the call and i mean that kid has turned into quite the player for them. I think you said, what, 11 goals now in playoffs?
No, it was his ninth.
It was his ninth.
But I believe that since 93, the most in a playoff year has been Ray Ferraro with 10, I thought the stat was.
So Nelson can break that if he pots a couple more.
And, yeah, that was a great shot.
But Coleman, what you mentioned was, makes a huge mistake.
What does he do?
Next shift.
Comes back and makes up for it.
And I will say that I've talked over the years of this podcast,
one of the best passes I've ever seen with my own eyes is Eric Carlson's saucer pass
to Mike Hoffman in the garden.
Over the entire Bruins team, landed on his stick when they were with Ottawa
and he went down and buried.
Yanni Gord had a very similar pass on that Coleman goal.
It was just an amazing play.
He's got his back against the wall behind his goalie.
He's beneath the goal line.
He flicks it up over everyone and leads Coleman perfectly into it.
And he goes down.
Got a little lucky getting underneath the puck, underneath Varlamov's stick.
You know, the stick went down.
He's able to tuck.
It was a nice goal.
But to be able to make a mistake, and now the person watching the game,
they might not even have noticed that that goal was kind of Coleman's fault.
I forget who the centerman was that was up chasing up high,
but Barzell dished it over.
Was it Barzell dished it over to who am I thinking of?
Nelson.
And Coleman had cheated.
Coleman thought there was going to be a turnover.
He cheated offensively.
That's his guy who scores that goal.
And he comes right back.
And that's the thing.
You cannot dwell on mistakes, especially in the playoffs.
To see a guy, especially, sorry, I threw the G in there.
I'm really working on that.
But he comes back and he does what he does.
That's why this team is, take a hike, Islanders.
Good job.
Very resilient. and then 12
seconds later they enter the pot and another one take the 2-1 lead and it was pretty much uh
done after that going back to game three islanders fans not happy about that tying goal
i mean gee you said it it looked like you got the high stick on it but given that they called it a
goal on the ice they didn't overturn it i thought yeah, it did look maybe on the higher side,
but just clearly not enough, R.A.
Absolutely not.
But, dude, I know I'm stroking him off every episode.
Vasilevsky, man, like this guy, I think he's solidifying the cons,
at least on the Eastern Conference.
But down the other end, I'm curious who Trotz goes with next game,
if he goes with Greece or Valimov.
I mean, he went with Greece unexpectedly last round.
Is it Grice or Greece?
It's Grice. I always say Greece because I'm
a big Danny Zuko fan. It's
Grice, but I'm curious to see who he goes with.
Especially Grice.
The first two goals in game four
that Varlamov let up, he almost had it.
The breakaway on Coleman, it goes underneath the
stick, and then I forget who ended up...
He almost got that block.
The plot where he ended up getting over on that pass
and I think it just hit his blocker side and went in.
He played great.
Listen, after they dragged him into that mud fight
and it seemed like the Martin-Goudreau scrap
had really motivated that team and just how ugly it got,
I thought that Islanders were going to stand a chance.
But what a response by getting Point back in the lineup
after he missed a game as well as Killorn and they just were right back to their high flying selves
and the point goal as much um good and dominant as barzell has been he made kind of a tough play
defensively on the point goal and now he was chasing him he was back checking him doing his
best as he could to kind of get back into the play they showed the replay on nbc sports but
he ends up getting on the back side of him and he's kind of behind the net the play. They showed the replay on NBC Sports, but he ends up getting on
the back side of him, and he's kind of behind the net, and Point does a great job stopping in front
and ends up getting the goal. So when you look at Barzell and what he can do offensively, it's just
one mistake, and at that time, it's 2-1. Point's goal is kind of a backbreaker. It's 3-1. The game
looks completely different. It's now in the third period. It's just all about staying between your
man and the net. You could tell that one time he's trying to get there and ends up on the wrong side and it's it's a backbreaker for
that team so i just think that the entire that line point palat and kucherov is something else
and the islanders even with nelson really can't answer it i know bailey's been good but they don't
have the skill level that that line plays with they're just all on fire couldn't agree more
yep they all had two points in game four, as did Yanni Gord, too.
There's just too much firepower for them.
And, of course, if Tampa wins the next one,
the Isles will be looking for the golf courses,
and they're going to want to be good when they're out there, eh, Whit?
Yeah, for sure, R.A., and there's no better way to do that
than wearing Peter Millar.
And I'll tell you guys, we had a sandbag of the other day
with Chris Wagner and Brandon Yip.
It was sponsored by Peter Millar.
Thank you so much.
You're going to see some of the gear we had on.
But just the most comfortable clothes.
It's perfect to wear.
I look like a golfer.
Dude, you looked exactly like a golfer, which is, I mean, to make
if Peter Millar can make you look like a golfer,
they can make anyone look like a goddamn golfer.
But I'd say that the quarter zip is my favorite because it's able to
you can throw it in the bag if it's cool out.
I mean, if it's a little too warm, you wear it to the course early morning, fall round,
late afternoon rain session.
Just the pants they have, the shorts, everything about Peter Millar is classy,
but also like athletic performance.
You know what I mean?
You need it for Boston because in the morning it could be a monsoon out,
and then 20 minutes later it's fucking sunshine,
and then right back to the monsoon 20 minutes later.
This place, as far as weather is concerned, is off the radar.
And you can go without any logos.
You can pick any colors you want.
So you've got to check out that.
And it's petermillard.com slash chicklets you want to go to
and use the code BARSTOOL at checkout for a complimentary performance hat.
So if they're just chucking in free haps, you know how legit Peter Millard is.
So we want to say thanks to them and make sure you check that out yeah i got a couple sandbaggers this week
already and maybe even a third we're still waiting on uh i'm freaking out over here boys okay you
want us to mention it yeah yeah so right now it's sunday night we're recording and we were supposed
to go against kevin hayes and keith yandel in our third sandbagger since we've been in boston
and they have completely ghosted
us so we haven't heard back whether we need to cancel the film crew we may be doing a head-to-head
me against wit because I feel like I've been carrying the team in the sandbaggers he feels
like he's been carrying the teams well I guess we're going to decide that head-on head if in fact
Keith Yandel and Kevin Hayes do not show their face and we're going to send them the bill for the
maybe for the film crew correct like it's a Foley prank.
I feel like there's something going on here.
Well, it's not really a prank because we just won't be there.
Yeah, but what if we show up tomorrow and Foley's on the first screen
just waiting for you?
I would laugh because Foley's banana fucking slice won't stand a chance.
I'll say the only chance that Keith Yandel and Kevin Hayes have
against beating us would be, in fact,
if they're playing mental warfare before the round
and maybe a slim, slim snowball's chance in how they're going to pull through.
They're both lefties too, dude.
So I think they're just more nervous.
I really will be shocked if Keith actually just canceled on us the way he did
and it's not a joke.
I'll be really surprised as a friend of his.
I think we're going to have to give him maybe a year sussy from the pod.
I mean, he is the king of the song. He could just be
songing everybody. That's true.
He's going to song us so we don't
show up and he can bring two buddies and play with Kevin.
So now we have to get over to
Dallas. And RA, before you hop
into this, I want to say this to Dallas fans.
I made a mistake
when I'd been watching some games. I hadn't
seen Jamie Benn put up any points.
I clearly hadn't been watching the scoreboards, okay?
So I was wrong in saying that.
Now I'm leading the fucking train for the Jamie Benn-Kahn-Smythe
because ever since I did say that and Witt corrected me
and I admitted to getting bent over, no spit, no lube, sandpaper finish,
Lisa Ann style, two-on-one, no back checkers.
Listen, he ended up getting a primary assist the episode I said it,
and then back-to-back games he scored, including that one in game three.
And we talked about it as soon as it happened.
He gives that little flick of the fucking wrist, opens up Leonard
when Leonard already had the angle.
He already had that side of the net covered. But instincts brought his pads open.
And what does Jamie Benn do?
Goes five hole to give their fucking team the 2-1 lead.
Yep.
And Stone ends up tying it up.
That game was the night we did the electric chair.
So we experienced maybe one of the worst hockey games I've ever seen through two periods.
And I had the over-under, which was set at five.
I actually got a push out of it because the third period and then OT was nuts.
So I don't know if everyone's been online or Instagram and seen R.A.
with the warthog.
Let's just go over quickly.
Have we been calling him a warthog or have we been calling him a farm animal,
Radulov?
It went from farm animal to we've then got
To a boar.
It was a boar because I couldn't remember the hairy animal on farm.
So he scores the OT winner on an unreal shot, barring in.
R.A. said warthog, making warthog noises maybe 15 times.
You want me to play the clip right now?
Yes, please play it right now.
The farm animal.
Oh!
The farm animal. The warthog. The warthog!
The Warthog!
Oh, my God.
He comes down.
He goes.
Oh, Ben went and grabbed the puck for him.
The Warthog.
He comes down and he goes far in.
What a shot.
Holy Warthog.
Leonard's hurt.
He was hurt going off that play.
Biz likes that.
The Warthog.
He's the Warthog.
What a shot.
Okay.
Now, mind you, the entire time he's looking at Biz,
he's just hoping Biz will look at him and laugh at his Warthog thing,
and you were getting nothing.
You were getting nothing from either one of us there.
You just weren't going to give up.
I was getting it from myself, so I didn't give a fuck.
Why were you looking over to us every time?
I was just having fun, man.
It was the electric chair.
Thanks to Bodyama, by the way, for supporting the electric chair.
Thank you to Roman, by the way, for supporting the chair.
That was a Roman chair.
Okay.
Well, we've been doing both.
It's been a Body Armor house.
Roman swipes on your cock to make us last longer through these three weeks of what I felt has been three months.
But the Stone Goal.
Now, there was another.
We go back to the Johnson one.
Was that a high tip?
Folks, Kudobin was outside the crease,
and I don't think that prevented Kudobin, Stone anyway,
prevented him from making that save,
and I thought that should have been a good goal.
Now, that's not my Vegas bias.
I thought it was fair and square.
Then, obviously, we went to overtime.
A nice play from Pavelski on the far wall to get that to Radulov.
I don't know.
Is it another case where you think that maybe Leonard should have had that?
I think the slight delay makes him drop the blocker side,
and then Radulov goes posting in.
Credit for the shot itself, but that was far enough out.
Well, it's surprising because you settle in,
and you're ready to watch what could be a long overtime,
and 30 seconds in, it's over.
So there was a turnover in the offensive zone.
And next thing you know, Radulov's flying down the wing on his own.
I don't necessarily think you're going to call that a bad goal.
But I certainly think the angle Leonard had, you didn't think you'd get beat there.
It was just above his pad and underneath his blocker.
Maybe you're not ready to play off the opening drop of OT in terms of Vegas.
Because a lot of times in overtime, you think it's going to be a while,
but you have to understand first shift this thing can be over.
But some teams, it just takes them a couple shifts to get into it.
Well, going back to the end of regulation when it was tied 2-2,
is the last play, Leonard made a weird move to save the puck on that wraparound.
And then you saw him talking with the trainer afterward.
And then you're wondering, you know, is he too hurt to go back in?
Then he comes out.
Obviously, he ends up playing game four, so it was nothing serious.
But you got to wonder, did that affect him at all going into overtime?
Because I believe that was the first shot he faced.
So moving on to game four here.
And, you know, once again, first period, all Vegas.
Complete control.
The only thing I'm not seeing from Vegas right now
is secondary scoring opportunities.
They're making pretty passing plays, but they're just not getting to the net
and getting enough, Jesus Christ, spit it out,
enough net front presence on Goodobin, who was pretty electric
to start that game.
He was phenomenal.
He was the story of the weekend.
I mean, we probably should have led with him, to be honest,
but we went with the most recent game.
Vegas, they dominated the whole game,
and you felt it was one of these games.
If he keeps playing like this, they're going to rope-a-dope him,
and they did.
They took a 3-1 lead in the series.
He stopped 32 or 33 shots.
His numbers in the conference finals, let me find them right here.
Of course, he led the NHL in save percentage with a 930.
He's got a 952 save percentage in the Western Conference Finals.
He stopped 119 out of 125 shots, 164 goals against 950 in the conference final.
I mean, just sick numbers.
So you think it's Demko in Dallas gear is what you're saying?
Well, no.
I mean, Demko's a young kid who's got a high future,
whereas Hudobin's more of a journeyman.
I mean, he was great number two in Boston.
He got the starting gig in Carolina.
Didn't pan out there for whatever reason.
He did have the highest save percentage all year.
I mean, I know Dallas fans think I have a bias toward him.
I love Darby.
Everybody in the league loves Darby.
The media, every guy who plays with him.
It's just been an incredible story.
But one other note for you.
I go to you, G.
Joe Pavelski, I mean.
Oh, my God.
Like, these guys, like I was saying, it was.
Veterans Fog Fest.
Dude, exactly.
You had Pat Shreddy.
Stone takes a puck off the foot.
They had him probably freeze it for him.
He could barely skate.
Roman Swipes.
He's out there gutting it up.
Fucking Ben. Pavelski, just these warriors. Corey perry just killing each other going all out man it was i think one of the better games i've watched all postseason something that got brought
up and i believe it was kevin bx on hockey night in canada so there was a play that ended up going
behind the net perry's going one way and alex tuck which i thought the hit was accidental it
looked accidental to me dallas fans were not happy about it so the spotter ends up calling him down the tunnel
and Kevin Bieksa mentioned when he was in playoffs one year that he got hit awkwardly but it was his
shoulder but because of the way he got up and he favored his shoulder the spotter came down because
they wanted to check him out and Bieksa was saying I was fucking losing my mind I had a fucking fine
I'm fine I'm fine I'm fine I'm fine it was my shoulder but no it's the spotter's call and i believe the same situation
happened to cory perry so he gets called off the bench he wasn't happy about it um you mentioned
pavelski on on the one goal he scored stone has it he moves it over to schmidt tough to tough to
really blame anyone it seemed like schmidt was able to cradle it off his skate,
get it to his stick, and then, I don't know,
is it being too critical where he made a soft play,
ends up turning it over to Pavelski,
and then tries to make up for the mistake by getting a stick on it,
and bloop, right over Leonard in the back of their net, tie game 1-1.
A horrible bounce because you think that when you see the puck going that slow,
you want to blame a goalie, but, I mean, he's sitting there and it ends up
I had so many tweets about how good Pavelski is at golf
because it literally looked like a 60-degree wedge
that he just put right over the goalie.
He's getting ready.
He's such a gamer.
He was probably working on it the day before
when Kudobin was setting up golf balls for the boys.
Pavelski's like, stay away from me, Dobie.
I'm a plus six.
I just think that to be like  it's the second half of the second period,
and you got the lead in Vegas, and Dallas had six shots.
Dude.
It was 22 to six, so it's like so frustrating
because you can't beat this goalie.
Udolman's playing phenomenal.
You actually have a lead, and they're doing nothing offensively
and kind of off a turnover, and you have the puck in your own zone.
Next thing you know, fluke goal.
Pavelski gets it, and it's a tie game.
So then you're thinking, all right, we're having trouble beating this goalie.
We had the lead.
We felt a little safe.
Now it's like we could be completely fucked.
And that's what's turned out to be 2-1.
I mean, I was shocked.
I went into the third period thinking there'd be goals, and I didn't think it would end that way.
But when your opponent's playing this good and you cannot beat them,
and the one thing you said that's very true is they're getting great chances they're getting great a opportunities but
it's kind of one and done they're not really like it's not a shot and then a rebound and then a
complete scrum in front it's like a great a chance that he's saving and all of a sudden it's out of
the zone so they're going to need to really start kind of trying to crash the crease and create some
sort of like sustained off in the zone pressure and i know they've had plenty of shots and plenty of possession with the puck but there's something to be said about just
hammering away and like slashing at pucks that are in the crease and getting a couple goals that way
so i wonder if you go to flurry i don't necessarily think that leonard's been the reason that this
series is 3-1 it's more the goalie on the other side but why at this point why not so to go back
to your comment about getting in front getting to the blue paint and creating that traffic in order to try to beat gudoban you see it
from pavelski on the game winner they get that power play they set it up they get the point shot
and pavelski's right there leonard cannot track it and who fucking who shoves it right up my hoot
and the vegas gold knights mr ben mr fucking jamie ben mr con smite himself i know
you're you got gudobin locked in for that team this if this guy keeps doing what he's doing and
you mentioned that veteran slugfest i feel like these guys know that you know you don't get many
opportunities yeah and and and they can sniff it and despite how well vegas is played i'm starting
to get the sense that is it fucking Dallas' year?
Did you see the clip of Kivaranta after they give the post-game medals,
you know, that every team has a little chachki or whatever,
and he put like, it was like a big chin.
He's like, boys, we are not going home, and the fucking place went absolutely apeshit.
It was a fucking fantastic clip.
But, dude, you've got to imagine, like, they've been in this bubble for two months.
Like, the last thing you want to do, you're already fucking so pot committed, man.
You don't want to go home now.
A couple other notes.
Pavelski's 57th career playoff goal, number three for U.S.-born playoff goal scorers.
He'll tie Mike Madonna with his next one.
Joey Mullen leads all time with 60.
I mean, those are like a Hall of Fame name.
So he's going to end his career, more than likely, the leading goal scorer in the history of playoff goals for american players yeah that is like the future u.s hockey hall of fame i don't think joe
povelsky will be in the in the hockey hall of fame but the bias against americans but we'll
talk yeah for sure in the united states one and i i i kind of agree with you biz that it's scary
in a sense that they have some islanders in him where they can just kind of wear you down and it
can be slow games and they can kind of just end up getting a goaltending performance
and just needing one or two goals, as you've seen.
But they got something going.
So I think for Vegas to beat them three times in a row, I do not see it happening.
So another thing before Game 4, all of a sudden these Robin Leonard contract talks come up.
And I mean, fuck, this team has dealt with enough goaltending issues already
and then there was a rumor that came out it was a five times five deal uh handshake it was a
handshake agreement and and then like more gas on the fire as far as the rumors of flurry is probably
not going to make it beyond the offseason yeah wish reported uh leonard vegas have a handshake
he called it a handshake agreement on a five times
five deal uh the goal he said it's not true which you know obviously the last thing they did like
you said is further goaltending distractions but you know which since you get a job to do you get
a scoop you got to report it does that mean flower will be a kraken and just lead another team that's
what i was thinking man that would be wild if he goes to another expansion team and goes on another tier but you know that there's a lot to yeah for that to happen i will say a man
i bet you the league would want that oh absolutely he's such a marketable ronnie francis is over
there just grabbing himself thinking about flower being their goal are you kidding me and i mean we
gotta give credit to lena for that save on raduloff he made with his fucking neck like he
opts to know where a neck got for some reason, and he took it
literally off his fucking neck.
You can see the huge red weld. I thought he was
going to have to come out for a flurry after he took the puck
off the neck, but he's not the problem for that
team right now. This is per EJ
Raddick. In their last seven games,
excluding empty netters, the Golden Knights
have scored just eight goals. Not
surprisingly, they've gone two and five in those games.
They probably outshot both opponents two to one.
Ridiculous overshooting.
It's feast or famine for them right now,
and right now they ain't eating.
Another little nugget here.
Stars are now 8-0 when leading after two periods
in the Stanley Cup playoffs this year.
So look out if they got the lead.
They know how to put you in that defensive noogie.
Real quick, too, you guys mentioned everyone loves Dobby.
Dropped a Dobby shirt, I think, two days ago.
One of the highest selling shirts in our store.
So tons of Dallas shirts.
Yeah, tons of Islander shirts.
We're just pumping out shirts right now.
So check that out.
So I think we've stroked off the stars quite a bit this pod.
I know that it was getting a little feisty between you and some fans online, RA.
But, you know, I think we made it up to them.
Oh, and I meant to bring this up earlier.
This is just insane to me.
Heskinen or Klingberg has been on the ice for 53 of Dallas's 57 goals leading into Game 4 of the playoffs.
So you see that I don't think that Klingberg's thought of defensively the way Heskinen is.
But, oh, my God, is this guy good at getting pucks in? And you saw the winner
from Jamie Benn just Saturday night
be a perfect, perfect shot from the point
that created a rebound. So shout out to those
two guys carrying the load for the Dallas
Stars. Just going back to that
electric chair one more time.
I told the student
loan story about how I took a little...
Dude, the amount of people doubting
me that I actually didn't do that as if
they know my fucking personal finances
27 years ago. I think they're just so amazed
to hear you took out a loan to go on a cruise.
I think that was pretty common back then, wasn't it?
Yeah, dude. Yeah. Buy a car.
A lot of people took out more than they needed. You're considering
buying a car
going on a cruise?
No, no, no. I've heard stories of people
taking out student loans to put a down payment on a house. Once again, cheap money. He went on a cruise? No, no, no. I've heard stories of people taking out student loans to put a down payment on a house.
Once again.
Cheap money.
He went on a cruise.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
RA's version was very RA-like, but I'm saying doubting the fact that somebody took out a student loan other than for student loans is not that crazy, especially during that time.
No, no, not that.
It was just what he did with it.
I think the funniest thing is that we were dogging Carnival and sure as shit, that's the fucking one he went on.
All right, we got Carnival, all you can eat, all you can drink cruise and just didn't leave the ship or the casino on the ship.
Well, there was a wrench in the story, though, right?
That the fact that you got there wasn't supposed to.
Yeah, the boat got held up because of weather.
So we actually were on the wrong, not the wrong boat.
They held it up. So it was either get on this other cruise you didn't book or get back on a plan
and go home to boston and i like i said i took a loan out i spent a grand that was my only week
off i was like boys i'm getting on this boat clothes or no clothes and uh and of course me
and my other buddy there were eight of us so the two worst dresses were the only two with suitcases
when we got on the boat so if you look at our pictures closely, we all have each other's clothes on during the week if it's fucking one of those classic trips.
So speaking of the Dallas Stars, we'll be bringing them on shortly.
Sean Avery is our guest.
That was a quick hit in Dallas, Reeves.
Yeah, a little quick hit, but a little tie in there.
Yeah, we're going to bring him on shortly.
He was a character, man.
Well, the last time we had him on, I think he'd already went and filmed the movie Tenet.
And since then, it's came out. So he dives a little bit deeper into it he has a speaking role
in it which is very cool i mean that's a christopher nolan movie feather in the cap so uh you know
aves uh aves being aves very opinionated interview and uh i'm looking forward to you guys hearing it
yeah we'll get to that in a second anton hudobin might be living rent free in the vegas knights
heads right now biz but he might want to consider buying and using Cross Country Mortgage when he does.
Cross Country Mortgage is America's crazy good mortgage company. Cross Country Mortgage combines
a people-first mindset with a dedication to the fundamentals of mortgage lending,
which results in a fast, easy, and stress-free home financing experience. A personalized approach
of assessing individual needs
to recommend the best loan option
for each customer has allowed Cross Country Mortgage
to serve their communities
and forge lifelong relationships since 2003.
And although they've grown into a nationwide lender
over the years,
Cross Country Mortgage's focus on maintaining
the mom and pop spirit
continues to separate them from the competition.
Because, you know, when you take it on a mortgage,
you want to feel comfortable with the people you're dealing with.
And cross-country mortgages, it's like family, man.
I've talked about it the last few podcasts.
It can be a very stressful situation closing on a home.
You want to leave it into the professional's hands in each category.
And that's what you'd be doing here.
No doubt cross-country mortgage has the solutions to serve
virtually every mortgage
solution out there. They can make it easier for people to get the finance they need to own
a place of their own, especially first-time homebuyers, military veterans, and people at
less than stellar credit. They're licensed in all 50 states and they offer a broad portfolio
of traditional and niche loan products. When people want to buy a home or refinance their
current loan, they want it done quickly, and Cross Country Mortgage delivers.
They deliver fast closings with a highly efficient process.
In most cases, it's done within 24 hours or less.
They also partner with top vendors to offer the best technology without the big price tag,
and they pass those efficiencies and cost savings along to the customer.
Cross Country Mortgage puts their customers first by providing the tools
and the resources for loan officers to succeed within their own offices. The loan officers know their
businesses and markets best, and this entrepreneurial approach helps everyone win. Go to
ccmlens.com slash nbd to learn more about your future home buying experience. That's ccmlends.com slash nbd to learn more cross-country mortgage
llc nmls 3029 www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org equal housing opportunity well some more uh good news
here from keith yandel we will be there. So your individual ass-whooping will have to wait on the golf course wit
because I'd be getting nine and nine, front and back.
It would be ugly.
Now we're going to take on Kevin Hayes and Keith Yandel tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to that.
So now, after tomorrow, we will have three sandbaggers in the bank
ready to roll out month after month,
especially during the downtime of the NHL season,
which we do not know when we'll return.
No, we don't.
But we have those in the meantime, and they're always entertaining.
I think it's time to send a little bit of Sean Avery right about now.
Let's do it.
We got a little bit of everything.
Babies, peeing, sidewalk violators in New York City.
And his new outfit, his new wardrobe.
And a blockbuster movie from Christopher Nolan.
So without further ado, pal Sean Avery.
Well, it's great to bring this next guest back.
He's currently appearing on the big screen in Chris Nolan's Tenet.
He's also breaking down games on his Instagram while being a new dad
in Police and Bike Lanes on Manhattan.
Thanks for joining us again, Sean Avery.
What's up, Aves?
Gentlemen, gentlemen, it's good to be back.
How's everyone
how's everyone holding up we're holding up well man and we want to say a public congrats dude
you're a father now some great clips um seeing you with your child it's like i'm fired up for
you man no one knowing how that feels so how's that been i mean you know i was always the asshole
that uh would yell at guys for having kids when they were under the age of 28.
And I'll still take the position that, man, I'm so glad I had a kid at 40 because, fuck, what a game changer.
You can't do anything.
I've taken...
You're done.
I mean, yeah, you can't even take a shit.
You take a shit holding your kid sometimes.
Push comes to shove.
You got to go.
And it's just an amazing thing.
I mean, wow.
What a wild ride.
Yeah.
So, you know, it's funny.
We bring up kids and a lot of times in the early months, they wear like the same thing every day.
like the same thing every day and now i got a question because it's become news that you wear like a very similar or the same type shirt every time you're on you got hats that people are asking
about now the good thing is you won't tell anyone where you get these no it's a uniform uh you know
what i i will uh if somebody buys a cameo my whole thing is i'm sick of these fucking content
vampires these lazy slugs that just fucking all they want is to suck the
content out of us and i i'll say us because you know we're all respectively in the game you're in
the game um so yeah i said you know what fine you want you want some fucking information buy a cameo
um and that's that's really how i'm operating right now. But for Nash, uh, and yeah, this has become sort of like a, a fucking national story.
What shirt I'm wearing and what hat I'm wearing.
Like what I say to these guys is you want as little fatigue as possible, especially
when you have a kid, when you have a kid, you get, I've been pissed on probably, I don't know, 20 times.
And when it hits you, you don't know it's coming. You don't know what angle it's coming at.
The moment that that happens, you think to yourself, okay, I got to get Nash cleaned.
And then I got to clean myself. I don't have time to go downstairs and worry about what I'm going
to do, what I'm going to put on to match the shorts that I'm wearing. So I have 26 of the same t-shirts that are stacked and ready to go.
And when one's dirty, I peel it off, fucking tarps off and I grab the exact same t-shirt
and I put it on and I'm back in the game.
And then you feel good about yourself because you're not fucking worrying about what you
have on because you take pride in your appearance, Sean.
Absolutely. Yeah. As, as we all should right i you know like it's like your winter coat biz yeah that winter coat which by the way i tried to actually research
it and find out who made it because i'd like to buy one for the upcoming winter season uh
but that was your uniform that was your winter uniform um i want to go back to the kid
what's it like having something that you care more about than yourself in the world like it's it like
uh yeah i mean i i like man i cry so much i watch this uh 30 for 30 you guys might know this team
all right you'll probably know it this was a 30 30-for-30 on a Little League World Series baseball team from New York,
somewhere in New York State, and they beat the Koreans, I believe, in 2006 or 13 or 14.
I don't know.
Anyways, I'm holding Nash, and I'm watching this story about all these 12- and 13-year-olds that won a Little League World Series, and I was broken.
I was literally sobbing with tears, and I haven't cried in 15 years.
Does that mean you're going to be taking it a little less hard on the bike lane people?
Like, are you more empathetic towards that part of your life now?
Fuck no. No, because you more empathetic towards that part of your life now? Fuck no.
No,
because you know what?
Safety,
safety first.
Now,
even more.
All right.
You know,
I don't want people fucking breaking laws and breaking rules and,
and putting the children in danger.
It's a good point.
Hey,
that's,
that's,
you're,
you're going to be worse as a dad.
Now you're even,
you're protecting everyone. He's got his own kid to worry about. Don't fuck with him and his own son. So that's that's you're gonna be worse as a dad now you're even you're protecting everyone
he's got his own kid to worry about don't fuck with him and his own son so that's why we're uh
that's why we're moving like and and literally i i think we possibly are moving to montana
oh man wow yeah i heard that big yellowstone fin wow hey you know what that's the complete
opposite of the big apple right now which not no offense, I have no desire to be near.
It is the biggest shithole on the fucking planet.
It is.
It is.
Man, you know, this city like 10 years ago was I could say a great city.
I mean, there were moments where you walk in New York and go, this is the best city in the world.
This city is a fucking hellhole.
the best city in the world this city is a fucking hellhole it is a hellhole shithole run by the biggest fucking big bird what a buffoon what a buffoon this guy ran for president by the way
let's not forget that this guy actually ran to be the democratic nominee just a short four months
ago he needed some he needed some roman swipes for his campaign to extend it a little bit.
You're goddamn right. Actually, that's good.
Roll right into a Roman swipes
swipe up. That was perfect, RA.
Can we talk,
because I haven't seen Tenet yet. I'm guessing
you have, but are we talking
about what your role was or are we going to let
everyone know?
Yeah, we can talk.
I drove
to Danbury, Connecticut.
Tough town, by the way.
Fed Penn's down there.
They used to have a team in the minor league around here,
the Danbury Thrashers.
Yep.
Thrashers it might have been.
Yep.
And the owner, when we played, when the lockout,
when we played for the Motor City Mechanics,
me, Darian Hatcher, Chris Chel played, when the lockout, when we played for the Motor City Mechanics,
me, Darian Hatcher, Chris Chelios, Chris Draper.
That was when that kid was chirping Chelios.
And there's a clip on YouTube about him chirping his tan.
Really?
It's one of the funniest YouTube clips as far as hockey is concerned. Because the guy was mic'd up.
And this was when they had VHS tapes.
And this guy just destroys
chelios even chelios is giggling at this minor league guy so tan though he's so oh he's so tan
so tan he asked him if he had a tanning bed in his basement oh my god so anyway back to your story
i'm sorry yeah no that's great i need to see that send me that clip but the but uh that the owner of danbury he was really trying to get us to
go and play in danbury and he was like we'll cash advance like i'll send you a western union right
now for a lot of money like we're talking like in the 25 50k range as a signing bonus to get us to
go there and it ends up he went to jail he was like heavily big mob guy
ran all the garbage in uh in danbury and uh so yeah anyways danbury's a tough fucking town
no no joke there uh i think mike scroy might have played there actually the real yeah so i drove
there to danbury to see it im IMAX, full movie theater.
Like the whole thing about social distancing in theaters,
I don't know who said that that exists because it doesn't.
Also, if you have food, you can just fucking take your mask off and let it rip.
So that's a little bit of an oxymoron.
You know R.A. is sneaking in like goobers and milk duds too.
Oh, yeah yeah i hit up
cvs i look like if they ever patted me down i'd be like like two like two kids on top of their
shoulders like with a trench coat on except they'll be all fucking candy and popcorn oh hell
yeah that's hell yeah fuck those yeah so he's like he's like the guys from russia sneaking back in the cash but he's doing it with goobers and gobstoppers
so the movie is uh man i think it's it's uh it's a movie that you'll walk out of after seeing the
first time and go what the fuck just happened like your mind just gets smoked uh i know people
there's a guy in canada right now that's trying to break the guinness
world record for seeing uh one movie the most times he's gonna see it 126 times
it's one of the best movies i've ever seen uh i obviously am in it i didn't get cut out of it i
have speaking roles in it congrats sean that sick. Which is the other thing that's interesting about that is I think there's only 12 people with dialogue in the whole entire movie, which is kind of cool.
Wow, that's nice.
Yeah, the movie's just fucking awesome.
It's awesome.
It's really, really good.
Yeah, you guys, yeah, don't think too hard.
Just feel it.
Do you think you were able to understand it more
given the fact that you knew what was going on?
Because from what I've heard, it's just a mind fucking.
If you only watch it one time,
you're not going to be able to absorb
maybe where some twists and turns went.
Dude, I still don't understand Inception.
I still don't understand Inception either.
We had no idea what the movie was about.
We literally had no idea.
And I'm talking not just me, Rob Pattinson, John David Washington,
who's the lead as well as Rob.
John David had a better idea.
Aaron Taylor Johnson.
No idea.
We had no idea. Like,
and I think Nolan did that on purpose because, uh,
when you think about it, when I say my lines in the, in the movie,
like I'm asking questions and the questions that I'm asking,
I don't know the answers to because I don't know what's happening. I, I,
so your general curiosity takes over.
Right, which that's the truest form of acting if you don't have to fake that.
If that's real, then technically you're not acting.
I'm actually just trying to inquire, like, what's fucking going on here?
Pretend I'm not in a movie.
I have no idea what's going on here.
But he doesn't let anyone read the script.
You get to read the script once, and you're locked in a room.
And, yeah, and the crazy thing was I shot for five weeks,
and the first three days that I worked were the only days that I had dialogue.
So I had no idea, idea really what was going on.
Like at least three weeks in, I had seen the full set.
I had seen some other things that could kind of piece the story together.
The first day was the day that I had the majority of my dialogue.
So yeah, it was a wild, wild ride.
I think it's one of the greatest action movies ever made.
Now, because you had a speaking pod, you get residuals or not?
Yeah.
Financial.
I'm referring to financial, by the way, Biz.
Yeah.
Yeah, so that's interesting.
Sorry, Sean.
No, but think about it.
Sorry, Sean. I forecast that probably that'll end up being like quarter of a million dollars, maybe, maybe more.
I have no idea, but it'll be a significant amount over time.
That's so true.
Like, I wonder what Fat Newman from Seinfeld and Jurassic Park, when he gets eaten by the lizards, he probably makes bank from those two.
Yeah.
Every time that movie's on TV, on TBS, every time somebody, yeah, like you get paid on that.
That's how it works.
So, yeah.
No, I was just going to ask, like you're into so many other things, but what I've kind of learned about you is throughout these playoffs,
you still love hockey.
I mean, these video breakdowns you're doing, I told Versteeg the same thing.
It's awesome to watch.
You go into the watch if you go into
the plays you go way back to how the play really began with it which i think a lot of hockey fans
don't understand like the beginnings of of certain goals can go back 45 seconds so you've you've loved
to do that right or you wouldn't be sitting around wasting your time if you didn't enjoy it
no it's fun it's fun i actually you know i'm marveling at how good some of these players are now like
yeah they're filthy some of the fucking plays uh i mean kucherov kucherov everybody gives me
shit because i don't know the fucking names like i yeah i say some of the guys what's his name
kucherov yeah that's good enough for us no us. No, he said join the club. It's like people get so offended, dude.
Sorry.
Yeah, like I didn't fucking spend an hour
rehearsing everyone's going online.
Half the people thought I was Italian.
Bessonete.
Yeah, it works for me.
They never said Whitney right in Russia.
Whitney.
But that Kucherov pass in game one,
that,
that when he's at center ice and he makes that little,
he kind of rolls his stick over and,
and I mean,
there's been so many of them,
but yeah,
like you said,
what you,
you know,
goals start,
they develop,
they develop like last night with the dump in on the,
on the second goal,
the Islander defenseman doesn't get the red line.
Doesn't take a hit.
You turn around and next thing you know,
the pucks in your neck.
But the interesting thing is I think like people really like it.
I think that they,
I need to get a fucking laser pointer,
but I've been researching like laser pointers don't really work on the,
on the TVs and the ones that do are illegal to buy apparently.
So, and I'm trying to still figure out how to work the dark web.
And I fucking have no idea. I I've been chipping away at it.
I can't figure it out. So if anyone can get me like a,
like a high grade laser pointer
like they're using in portland they're they're they're shooting people in the eyes or the nhl
could just start uh letting us use their clips and we could continue to grow the game and have
fun and get different voices what about getting one of those great what about a teleprompter
i i listen i i've been looking into it but that's the thing biz you said it I was gonna go on twitch
you can't and and I went into barstool and smitty uh barstool smitty gave me the whole rundown and
then he's like oh yeah but you can't do it because you're not allowed to use the feet
what is wrong with this league why why do they why do they act this way like you're already making money
it's not like you're gonna take money away from them you're just gonna help them make money yeah
yeah i don't get it they look at it like we paid this much we can't i know it's crazy to me that
you can't be out there all it would do is make it more popular. And they still own the big dog rights. So it's like, why worry about the crumbs?
Right.
I mean, free marketing.
The NBA.
I follow the NBA basically through GIFs on fucking Twitter.
It's like, you know, you do the same for the NHL.
You should just get a nine-iron like Versteeg doesn't.
Just point with your fucking nine-iron at the TV.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Is he doing that, Versteeg?
He's been using a golf club as a point. I don't know if it's an actual nine-iron, but that's what good idea. Is he doing that for Seag? He's been using a golf club as a point.
I don't know if it's an actual nine-iron, but that's what he uses.
Yeah, or maybe I'll walk out on the street.
You could squirt breast milk out of a bottle on it.
No, you know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to walk out.
There's an asshole guy that parks his car, and I don't like him.
I'm going to snap his fucking antenna off.
I'm going to do it when we're done.
I'm going to go outside.
I'm going to snap his antenna off, and I'm going to come're done i'm gonna go outside i'm gonna snap his antenna off
and i'm gonna come in i'm gonna use it tonight um abe you've been uh you've been tagging nbc so you
you would like to work for them oh my god do you think they would even consider giving you a job
never in a million years sam flood sam flood okay. First of all, he has a duty to the shareholders of NBC
to put the best product he can put together. That means the highest fucking ratings. There's no
black and it's not black. There's no gray area. You have the highest ratings. You've done a good
job. Sam Flood will never hire me in a million years because I've actually said Sam Flood's name out loud
no one knows who the fuck Sam Flood is
unless you know me and you follow
so he will never hire me because of that
would I do it?
absolutely
absolutely I would do it
as long as the schedule wasn't too crazy
and yeah I would do it
but it will never happen in a million years
the suits that they wear on that fucking show And yeah, I would do it. But it will never happen in a million years.
The suits that they wear on that fucking show is just, they have a blue background, right?
Okay?
NHL on NBC, it's blue.
I don't know if they tell their guys to wear blue suits, but it would be like standing in front of a blue screen with a blue fucking suit on like in a blue man suit it doesn't
make sense right you like contrast you want to have two different colors it's just the whole
thing's a train wreck well maybe they'll hire you as like a fashion person behind the scenes so they
can't get in trouble but i would i would i would like at the end of the show it's just like
wardrobe provided by sean Avery's Instagram.
Right, right.
Hey, but when you watch the intermission report.
Hey, they'll be piss proof, Sean.
They'll have like that wax coating on them.
Hey, have you thought about that?
You say you don't like when your kid pisses on your uniform.
Why don't you get those shirts? I think they sell them at Eddie Bauer where they're like wrinkle and rain proof.
Maybe you could start wearing the
eddie bauer edition i could pour my grape juice all over my shirt right now and it would trinkle
off like one of those commercials where you see like the rubber thing poured on and it yeah yeah
i'm good in there what were you gonna say what we we get the streams going and it's just the
intermission report on hockey night in canada you learn so much and it's just the intermission report on Hockey Night in Canada.
You learn so much, and it's brought to you in just a more exciting way.
Oh, really?
And then NBC is just kind of like, I don't know.
It's just the intermission reports don't do much, for me at least.
They don't do much for anyone.
I mean, it's like I like Patrick Sharp.
You know what's funny?
So me and Patrick Sharp are buddies now now right we dm each other um we're buddies yeah we're instagram buddies and i said
sharpie you got your fucking teeth done buddy nice nice work like you look great i love them i'm on
the obviously we're both on the program he said he didn't get his teeth done. And I think, like, I don't want to call him a liar
because I don't think he's a liar.
You want dental reports?
But I think he got veneers, and he's not admitting it.
And I don't know why he just wouldn't.
I'm going to get a nose job and just deny it.
That would be tough.
It's like the big tick.
Yeah.
Okay, so you think he's lying about the natural teeth
i we're trying to get ra movie teeth he won't uh he won't agree to get in the dental chair
really well if you guys oh man if you guys pay for it i'll fucking do it fucking right i i'm
sure there's dentists that we could just throw out an sos that would love to do that for free
it's so painful oh dude you'll be so painful oh fuck you had them wet you
got veneers i got i i got my two front knocked out so yeah when i was done playing i got got
the veneers and it is oh fuck awful couple oh my god it's like it's like getting your your brain
drilled i mean it's the worst but uh, I think Sharpie got veneers,
and he just won't come clean with me.
I don't know what the problem is.
Aves, we've got four teams left right now.
Are you pulling for Dallas?
You know, that bag they gave you a few years ago,
you still get a little emotional pull there or what?
You know, I like  who's the coach?
God, I
Rick Bonas right now.
Yeah, Rick Bonas.
Like, just a great, what a great name.
And I don't know, I feel like I would have liked Rick Bonas,
like playing with him if we were teammates
or if he was an assistant.
I like him.
Do I like anyone on their team?
Not really.
Nobody really tugs on my heartstrings i'm fucking all in on tampa bay
you love you love i love sergey sergey sergey dms me too we're dm buddies yeah i knew when you
started calling him sergey that you you were starting to dm him another instagram friend
we took our relationship to the next level and now I refer to him as Sergi
I was gonna ask you who are your favorite villains now in the NHL who are some guys that stand out to
you that you're oh I mean you probably would have hated playing against them but now you respect
because you're like that that was me out there I like uh fuck I kind of like  well, I like Matt Martin's game. He somehow resurrected his career from like 12 feet under the
Okay, Abe.
Not six feet under.
Abe, let me interrupt you there because just the other night when he scored,
I said, fuck biz.
I feel like I thought he was going to be out of the league
when things went down like they did in Toronto and now he's back.
And I said on the pod, I'm like, I don't mean it as an insult,
but you agree with me.
It was kind of like, is he going to play in the league again?
Now he's got five goals in the playoffs.
Dude, he was bad in the league fucking eight years ago.
I mean, like really bad.
And now Barry Trotz, I mean, I don't know if something happens
with those guys, fucking Sezzekis and Clutterbuck.
They're like the new grind line.
I mean, so I like watching those three play.
How I ever became a fucking Islander fan.
And Frankie Borelli and his dad and these fucking live streams.
I mean, who could be that dramatic about a team?
How could that possibly...
How could you be that dramatic about a team? Who loves a how could you be that dramatic about a team okay
who loves the team that much okay so you all right so this is the thing where i actually said i
i think he's so insane that it's legit but many people many people are like he's he's faking
that's fake yeah you think he's faking it's uh he's trying to he's trying to capture his moment and they're going overboard
and it looks fucking ridiculous really really like i mean it's gotten to the point where it's
basically wwe now because his dad broke a chair over his back in the last one so they are capturing
some pretty uh some pretty good moment i didn't see that oh yeah i think it's pretty genuine
though because even way before bostel, he's told the stories.
He would be at the game an hour before, like, with signs,
yelling during warm-ups.
Like, I think he's just always been this fucking passionate.
And, yeah, I think with the cameras on, with Bostel, you know,
it's content you might amp it up a bit.
I don't know.
I've enjoyed it.
It's kind of maybe the father-son aspect.
These guys, they've been suffering for so long.
And when they finally moved on to conference finals,
I thought I was actually endearing, you know, watching them hug.
I thought that was pretty genuine, though.
Yeah, the thing that bothers me about Frankie is he doesn't have a lot of,
like, he's got a wall.
He doesn't have a lot of facial hair.
But he's also, he's got a wall up.
Like, he doesn't. He's very sensitive.
He can never be in on the joke on himself.
And I think it's a little like you guys are great at it, right?
That's why I think people enjoy us is we can have a laugh at ourselves.
And I don't think Frankie's very good at having a laugh at himself.
Yeah, like if I actually wrote him a message, suck on that,
if they get swept by the Islanders, he would write back or send a video like,
I hope you fucking play golf and get struck by lightning and die.
And he wouldn't be kidding.
Which is a good insult.
Yeah, he can get very sensitive at times.
You're right.
Yeah, do any of us care about a team that much?
I just want to see great games.
I sniff the Coyotes jocks a little bit.
I want to go back to that question about other villains.
I thought Pepe's kid, he seems to be playing that role good.
Lemieux?
Yeah.
Wow.
I mean, he hasn't showed it over a consistent amount of time but i mean like
it seems like there's something there like he plays like like a piece of shit
yeah i mean i think the new sort of villain is
well all right that fucking hit that richie hit i mean that was just talk about a that fucking hit, that Richie hit, I mean, that was just, talk about a stupid fucking hit.
Like, that was the dumbest fucking hit I've ever seen at the worst time.
And he probably cost them the series.
If you really boil it down, X's and O's.
Two major bonehead plays in that Boston series.
So I don't like that kid.
And he's fat.
He's fucking fat.
Like, he looks like he fucking ate
it's like half a Dustin Bufflin.
Like, he's fat and bloated.
You can't look like that in the NHL.
You got to be fucking lean, mean, fighting machine.
You got to be quick on your feet.
Yeah, my boy Chucky McAvoy, though, he can look a little chunky,
and he's not.
He's a machine.
So that's kind of  I don't know if Richie's like that.
He certainly doesn't move.
But that's baby fat.
Yeah.
I feel like McAvoy  I give him the baby fat thing a little bit.
Richie, I don't know.
I don't like him.
He's got a fat face.
Like he got stung by a bee.
Did you think, ah, Revo deserved the suspension for that hit?
What's your take on that?
That's the one, like, where I don't know, you know?
Like, are you allowed to finish your hit?
And if a guy's shorter than you and your shoulder hits his head,
I mean, you're face on, right?
Like, I think those hits, get your fucking head up
and get ready for a hit, you know?
Like, I think from behind, not cool.
If you can see the guy's numbers, you pull up.
So what about Killorn?
What about Killorn?
He ended up getting a game.
That was a bad hit.
So you're okay with him getting a game there?
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
And I wished he didn't because I need him in the lineup.
So who are some other guys that have impressed you?
You mentioned Kucherov.
Who are some other?
I mean, I think me, 200-foot game, the whole package,
I think Stone's maybe one of the best right now.
No, no.
Who's the kid on fucking Las Vegas that is literally Scott Niedermeyer
reincarnated?
Oh, Theodore.
Holy shit.
Dude, he's Scott Niedermeyer. Like everything heott he's scott niedermeyer like everything he does
mimics scott niedermeyer i can't believe it and then i was like oh shit he's got the same number
that's why anaheim gave up on him they said we already had a scott niedermeyer like come on we
gotta snap it around a little bit here that guy's that kid's got game wow big time player uh braden
point i think's the best player in the league.
Actually, just come over the wire.
Actually, Colon did get a game suspension for that hit.
I just saw that.
Which, like, under-the-radar player is impressed you the most, Sean?
Like a guy that, you know, we don't typically talk about.
The French kid on Tampa Bay.
Paquette?
No.
Or Gord.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, Yanni Gord.
I'm here all night.
Yep.
I like his game. I like his game.
I like his game.
I take him on my team big time.
Spent time in the coast too, Aves.
Really?
Yep.
Eating soggy subs.
That just shows how many good players are down that level
that maybe never even get seen.
Or it just shows, like, don't fucking stop working.
Yeah.
Because what about the goalie that played on one of the Western League teams?
He played in the Coast a couple years ago.
He was a rookie goalie.
He started three games in the playoffs.
I don't know his name either.
Yeah.
I am fucking buzzing right now with names.
Biz, you're hammering these.
Keep teeing me up, Sean.
Wait, and you think you're going to work for NBC
and you can't even remember these guys' names?
Come on.
I don't even think I could do NBC
because I'm fumble-fucking my words half the time.
You got to remember these names, Sean.
And if not, you're going to be like Don Cherry.
They're going to cancel you in no time.
That's like walking on set, on a Nolan set, not knowing your fucking lines.
If you're getting paid and you're there to do a job, I'll know my fucking names.
I'll do my homework.
That's one of the questions I want to ask you, going back to the film portion of it,
is especially if you do have lines and you're a main actor where you're maybe filming something
under extreme conditions. An example that comes to mind would be leonardo caprio in the revenant right he's probably one of those guys
where if he doesn't nail his line to the best that he thinks he can do it he's like do it again
right what did what do these guys have to do in preparation to where if they're going to have to
spend 24 hours in the freezing cold where they're shivering and they're that dialed into that scene,
like do you have to fucking like what's the pregame routine for that?
You have to know your lines.
They have to be baked into you, into the fabric of your DNA
so that if you get thrown off a building and you're falling,
free falling to the ground ground you could say your lines
like any so that's the measure that's the that's the the that's the barometer hey hey
hey sorry is it something where you'd say that actors will remember those lines the rest of
their lives like almost like singers with their songs like they're done they're they're in there for good oh absolutely absolutely and and when you know when you know you have them
what a beautiful feeling oh my god it's so fucking such a stress reliever like dude there's nothing
worse than not having them like baked into you fucking auditions and i don't have the lines it's just i'm just a i just hate life i hate
life what was your uh what was your your uh quote-unquote pre-game routine like like uh when
was your meal like how did it all go down well we were working you know people talk about that movie
like oh it's a 200 million dollar movie that movie costs way more than that. We were working, we were at like
3am call times and we were getting home at seven 30 at night. So I would get home. I would literally
try and keep my fucking eyes open while I was eating. I would eat and then I would sleep. And
then I would wake up at like 1230 because I was so afraid of sleeping,
oversleeping and missing the transport to set that because I was terrified.
Like it's like a rookie missing the bus that I was just like, man, I was so tired.
Holy fuck.
It was the hardest five weeks of my life. That's why I asked about the lines. Like the fact that you were that nervous and anxious when you were,
in fact,
when the cameras are rolling,
did you fuck up at all?
Many,
many times.
Yep.
No shit.
Did the,
did the pressure Mount?
Did you feel that anxiety inside?
Uh,
Oh man,
I fuck.
Yeah.
But the great thing is, is that, you know, Nolan's so even keel, and he'll even like give you a moment. And he never shows any emotion. So he doesn't ratchet you up. It's not like he's he's breathing down your neck, your neck. Like I felt like he knows you're going to get it. And when you get it, it's going to be the right time. And I'm not, I'm not saying that, you know, I had two fumbles, maybe two fumbles in, in, in the three days of like the days that we were running my scene, the scene that I have have dialogue two fumbles isn't that bad but there
were also other people that were fumbling we didn't know what we were talking about we're
talking about fucking inverted ordinances and doing a temporal pincer uh it's like
shit that there's probably some big words in there not not all just two syllables no no yeah
aves did you see any and you don't have to name any names,
but did you see any like kind of stereotypical Hollywood ego bullshit
that you were just rolling your eyes at,
or was everybody kind of pulling the rope the same way?
Yeah, not on that, not on that, guys.
Not on Nolan's set because that dude doesn't,
I didn't see him go to the bathroom in five weeks.
I never saw him leave set.
He was always the first guy on set.
When I got there, he was always the first guy on set when i got there he was
always already there i i've never seen anyone with such like so dialed in doesn't take a
fucking shift off like and man that guy is a beast and everyone feels it and apparently
like so we don't there's no chairs on set you know we no cell
phones um we don't know when that started we hear wives tales that like apparently tom hardy uh
you know they they he went back to his trailer and like he was late coming to set or there was
something that happened and at that point n was like, nobody goes back to their trailers.
I don't care if you have a four-hour break.
Like, we don't need you for four hours.
You stay on set.
And I watched two of the biggest actors in the world,
Rob Pattinson and John David Washington,
sit on set for hours and hours at a time,
even though they knew they weren't working for three hours.
So, yeah, it's wild.
I just watched a clip of Jonah Hill,
and not to go away from Christopher Nolan,
but he said that Scorsese was the best he ever saw because he was able to problem solve
maybe 30-minute to three-hour decisions in like 30 seconds.
He would take a moment, he would figure it out in his head,
and that's what ultimately why Jonah hill thinks he's the best is it very similar with
nolan or problems like this constantly popping up on set i think that he has uh no i think that
with his movies they're so they're so um dialed in and they're so planned they're just so
fucking planned and organized
that
you know his movies are very technical
right there's not a lot of like
one of the things that people say about
Nolan is that there's not enough feel
there's not enough you know what I mean
R.A. like that's kind of
with the reviews people come at him
there's a low level of emotion in
nolan movies there's like no comedy or anything really there's definitely no comedy yeah but but
they're so organized right and everyone yeah there's not a there's not a lot of room for
for like mishaps when also when you've got 16 chinook helicopters that are shooting fucking
grenades that are attached to piano wire and like the safety is a big thing and and people don't
fuck around because it's dangerous it really is like they were shooting rockets over our shoulder
and i'd never seen it before they shoot them on piano wire and the piano wires
pulled tight like like you if you snapped it you'd hear it a ding off of it and they shoot the
grenades on the piano wire and the piano wire guides the the grenade so if they know they can
actually put it like it's going to go right over your shoulder like this just follow your line
your line your your line that you got to run and the thing's going to go over your shoulder
and don't worry so there's some wild things that i didn't know existed that um that they're pulling
on these things and also no one does everything in camera which means he doesn't do special effects. Like they don't add stuff afterwards.
So when the buildings fall down and they put them back together,
those are the buildings that are styrofoam that are also on wires and the
wires get snapped up and the,
and the building gets put back together where normally that would be done
afterwards as like a VX effect it's it's like
nobody does what this guy does yeah he's still big on the practical effects doesn't like the cgi much
i know you mean like his movies that technically great filmmaking but sometimes there's not a lot
of emotional resonance with them that that i think that's the critique you're talking about
right what i want to ask like you want to start the theater dude i know it's a pandemic but how fucking awful is the american movie going public these days even pre-pandemic it's it's a fucking
brutal brutal time to go to the movies people are just such assholes aren't they there's
they're disgusting first of all same with broadway if you have a fucking cough and i'm
saying pre-pandemic if you're a person that coughs a lot you should not be allowed to go into a
fucking quiet place you should not be allowed to go to a broadway show or a fucking movie if you
can't chew your popcorn without making it audible to anyone past your seat directly beside you
you should be fucking you should be strung up on the ceiling
you should not be allowed to go to a movie okay you should be in a fucking pig pen and it's
disgusting and people have ruined the experience for me and that's why i generally only go i'll go
like on a thursday at 1 p.m i'll do an afternoon matinee is that why you're moving
to Montana because the theaters are less
packed yeah
hey Aves not to bum you out but
I had a Broadway experience where
I took my wife
to New York went to a Broadway show but I got
a herniated disc in my neck and on the
train this thing flared up it was so
fucking painful so I took a
muscle relaxer it didn't do
anything i took another one and then we went to the show and i had some wine she looks over we're
we're second row and i am fucking snoring and she's like brian and i woke up like clapping all
fired up and she looked over and i was back out i was muscle relaxed it out and then i also have
to admit because i know you'd want to string me on a ceiling i get popcorn and i get when i stand up there's 50 pieces of popcorn that i missed with my mouth
like i i think i'm the i think i'm the scumbag american movie goer i'm not kidding you all right
no the worst is the cell phone sean it's like i don't do that those are the worst even if you're
not like like it's a distraction you the whole idea of the theater
is to just focus on the screen and when some asshole pulls out their phone it can't help but
distract you let alone when they're fucking talking and texting that's the worst i take uh
i bring a mini flashlight and if anyone gets on their phone in the theater and i'm in there i
pull my little mini flashlight out and i shine and it's a strong one and I shine my fucking flashlight on
them I love it yeah well well switching gears a little bit I got a kick out of seeing you uh
on the golf course the other day I think you reminded everyone you do not play fucking golf
you do not like golf but how did you end up out there and where was that That looked like a pretty sick course. Oh, God. I got invited.
And literally, I said to my friend who invited me, I said, how bad do you want me to play?
Because I'm probably going to hate you so much when this round is over.
I'm going to hold so much resentment.
It's like people that invite me to their wedding.
Like, do you think I want to fucking go to a destination wedding in the
middle of July to your wedding? I don't want to go to weddings. Okay. I'm done with that.
So you invite me to golf. How bad do you want to play? Because I hate the game. I hate the whole
idea of being able to waste five hours of fucking day by playing golf. Okay. The only reason I like it is that I can smoke my brains out and nobody can say anything.
I can just smoke cigarettes the whole time because I'm outside and I have my cold juice.
And by the fourth, 12th, 12th to 13th wall, I stopped playing.
I don't play.
I just ride the cart the rest of the round.
So what I got out of that...
That's a good way to enjoy the game.
So what I got out of that is you'll do a nine-hole sandbagger
with us.
Who would be your partner?
I'd play with R.A.
Best ball?
Wow.
I don't care.
I might have to come out of retirement here.
Two actors against us. Because I don't care. Wow. Okay. I might have to come out of retirement here. Two actors against us.
Because I don't even care who wins.
I care so little about the game that I lose all of my competitive instinct.
I don't give a fuck what happens.
What about mini putt?
I don't care.
I don't care.
Although I love the show Holy Moly.
Have you watched it?
No.
What is it?
It's an NBC show.
It's like a mini-putt show.
It was a big show during quarantine.
It's unbelievable.
You've got to watch it.
It's so funny.
That's where I shine, the mini-putt course.
And the two guys that host the show are actually hilarious.
It's really, like for a network show i can't believe
it it's pretty good sean uh we've taken we've taken enough of your time was there anything
else you had on your mind that you wanted to talk about before you take off was there anything else
bothering you do you want it off your chest no i uh no i'll plug my own podcast yeah fuck yeah
oh yeah the question is i is it is it is it cathartic for you? Like, how do you enjoy when it how it's just you? I mean, you go on, you're able to really kind of vent, you think?
But yeah, it is a beautiful thing.
I love it.
I love doing it by myself.
Yeah.
Just me, myself, and myself in my basement.
It's a real hoot.
It's a real hoot.
I've been considering jumping on Cameo for a while.
But like you said, you take pride in what you're doing. So it takes energy to get on there and you want to present it properly for the people who are paying money for your time.
I was going to tell G, G, the fact that you're not on Cameo and R.A., the fact that you two are also not on Cameo.
I don't understand how all of you guys are not on Cameo.
Yeah, I've been greatest thing in the world.
My my my business manager set one up.
But I just like I said,
we got a lot to organize with the podcast itself.
I think one day I'll probably hop on there,
but all right, you should definitely be.
Wait, how long?
Do people ask for certain length messages,
or is that up to you?
Everyone knows.
No, it's up to you.
Everyone knows they're getting three minutes out of me
that is fucking quality.
Oh, shit.
Quality. And most shit. Quality.
And most do 30 seconds.
Like, you know, it's important.
Like, you're paying me.
It's entertainment.
Like, it means something.
It's the best.
Cameo is the fucking best.
All right.
I'll hop on then.
I'll have my loyal look at my contract.
But they still have an OnlyFans.
Let me tell you. Oh, by the way, Bella Thorne made But they still have an OnlyFans. Let me tell you.
Oh, by the way, Bella Thorne made 2 million on fucking OnlyFans.
Yeah, she fucked all the other sex workers, though.
Oh, whatever.
I don't care.
Oh, you're on Bella Thorne's side.
You say, hey, take it for what it is and get your bag and get out.
All right.
Just FYI, R-A-N-G, biz, you can charge a little bit more.
Just charge less than what you think you're worth.
You'll get more business.
It's a better look.
And yeah, you guys will be surprised, man.
Every night you go to bed, okay, you wake up the next morning,
there's a direct deposit that's already been deposited into your account.
Sold. next morning there's a direct deposit that's already been deposited into your account sold
who who is who is like known as charging the most out there do you know i think fucking chevy chase
or mike tyson and what are they you know what you know what that is leo is leo on there not
leo's not on there no leo's got enough i think he's good if leo showed up on a cameo there you'd
be like leo's got a problem. Something's going on.
Yeah.
Chevy Chase.
I mean, all the money he made.
Plus, he comes from a super rich family, dude.
I'm surprised he doesn't.
I guess he's a prick, though.
He has a lot of none.
Yeah.
A lot of people don't like him.
Who would you pay to get a cameo from, Sean?
Oh, fuck.
Who's on there that might surprise people, too?
Oh.
Broder. Jason Goldbergberg i have no remember that he's he was in uh dazed and confused uh adam goldberg adam goldberg adam goldberg he's so
weird and does the weirdest fucking cameos it's like you gotta go on and look at his cameos i can't even explain it he like
takes people into like a macro world that he's living in it's wild wild last question i'm gonna
ask you uh do you think that that uh girl took a dump on odb or obj's chest uh yeah maybe yeah yeah all right buddy yeah okay well we'll find out soon enough the cleveland
steamers yeah oh man well listen aves like like biz said we took up enough of your time already
love having you on love your opinions unfiltered as always so uh we'll have you on again i hope
you enjoy the rest of the playoffs and may all your bets be
victories.
Yes.
You too,
gentlemen.
That's always big.
Thanks.
Wow.
How Sean Avery for joining us.
He's always an interesting conversation.
Doesn't hold back.
He he's like a pal,
a little Stigalicious.
Chris for his Stig also auditioning for an analyst job with his
Instagram.
And if not,
they just stick to IG stories.
Yeah,
absolutely.
It's entertaining the masses, that's for sure.
Well, Biz, it's been a ripper in
C-Town so far, and all I can say is
thank the maker for DHM Detox, eh?
Yes. No
anxiety, no days wasted,
no brain fog, no nothing like that.
I take this. I mentioned I've taken it at weddings
before. I usually hand it out
to all my friends when I have it on me,
and it's uh
it's a great natural supplement to avoid fogginess the next day there you go and the nhl players of
course they've been in full force for a while you're probably crushing a few bears a few pink
whitneys while watching the games dhm detox is the ultimate vitamin for people who like to enjoy
alcohol it's the smart responsible way to drink and it's time to start taking care of yourself
when you're having a couple cold ones.
DHM Detox is a blend of natural ingredients,
antioxidants, and vitamins that are designed
to help fight off the toxins while you're drinking.
Say goodbye to rough next mornings
and get back to being productive
and feeling good the next day.
The company is built on the words,
no days wasted, and their mission is to help you
be and feel your best after socializing.
Take two capsules after your first few drinks and it goes to work.
Double up with another packet if you're going to have a big night.
DHM Detox is part of our drinking routine as well as thousands of other people.
The packets are easy to take with you and share with family and friends, as Biz just said.
DHM Detox is a 100 risk-free purchase on your first box so if you
don't love it they refund you on one box this is a no-brainer so at the very least give it a shot
if you don't like it you get your money back we're gonna hit you guys with a promo code just head over
to no days wasted.com and use the promo code biz 20 for 20 off that's no days wasted.com for no days wasted after drinking with biz 20 wonder
if it works for seasickness in the car really the cup final be uh coming so you want to stock up for
that too definitely be having a few celebratories then a couple of notes here the draft is officially
set for october 6th and 7th i'm not sure if we teased it before, but it's officially where it has come out.
Free agents can start signing on October 9th,
which was another date that had been rumored.
Obviously, we'll be covering that stuff as it happens.
Congrats to our guy, New York Islanders General Manager,
Lou Lamorello, for winning the Jim Gregory General Manager of the Year Award.
I mean, this guy, he's been getting it done for decades
between college, pro, whatever.
He's like the Lidstrom of GMs.
They need to rename the trophy after him.
That's a great call.
I mean, hiring Trotz is obviously a fantastic move.
The voting was done by GMs and a panel of NHL execs, print and broadcast media.
And the voting was done at the end of the second round, which I thought was interesting.
Because all the other awards voting is done after the regular season.
So I don't know if that factored into it or what it was interesting i thought him or breezeball should
have won it is that how you pronounce it breeze yeah yeah i thought he's done a tremendous job
in tampa obviously with the moves of getting coleman and goudreau among other things this
sorelli kid who's who's kind of emerged as a a potential a potential selkie finalist which we're
teasing for for a little later in this episode.
But well-deserved, man.
This guy's continued to do it over the years.
Comes over from Toronto and in two years
is able to whip an organization from,
I don't want to say a bottom feeder,
but they're a fucking solid squad.
Now he's just got to make sure he can lock up Barzell
as opposed to him getting the fucking offer sheet.
And with Fedorik here, you guys mentioned how Lou will always stay
within the old school part of the game in the sense
he'll have a tough guy playing.
He has Johnson on the Islanders.
He's got Matt Martin who's played great.
So I think he really stays true to the way the game was
when Lou originally started doing this 400 years ago
that you have toughness in your lineup
and you're not afraid to play those guys.
Yeah, you almost wonder if that was, I don't want to say a reason
he got out of Toronto, but just maybe the butting heads
of playing that type of style and still thinking it's relevant
to where, you know, Dubas has a different style in mind
and the way that he wants to play analytically and whatever it is.
So the dinosaurs are prevailing right now.
Yeah, it's definitely interesting.
He left Toronto
and he's been having better success with the Islanders.
Maybe it was an inside job,
getting Tavares to jump ship and mwah.
Yeah.
Mwah.
Evil laugh.
The LA Kings signed defenseman Sean Walker
to a four-year 10.6 million extension.
He was an undrafted free agent out of Bowling Green.
He's got 109 games already with the Kings.
Obviously, they like what they see from him.
They commit to him for the future.
Piers, what do you know about this kid?
I'm going to be honest.
Every time I watch, he kind of flies under the radar.
You don't notice many mistakes.
You don't really notice him a ton offensively,
but I would imagine there's something there.
They see a guy who can be consistent in the top four um you know when they got got rid of martinez and got something back
in return for him for sending him over to vegas maybe they thought he was ready to kind of slide
into that type of role so interesting to see how it all comes about because that's a team that uh
you know they've been uh they haven't been playing maybe up to what their their standards are the
last couple years so they need to start treading in the right direction under Blakey.
And he's a good example of a guy who you hear about all these people that play in the NHL at 19, 20.
Well, he's 25 now, and last year was his first year where he was up and down in the NHL.
And then this year, his first full season and had a great season.
So you don't have to be drafted high, you don't have to be drafted at all,
and you don't have to play in the league when you're 20, 21 years old.
You have to have patience, and this is a perfect example of it.
So four years at Bowling Green, full year in the minors,
a little bit more time in the minors.
That's what it takes for a lot of people.
And you've got to stick with it.
And you've got to still get paid.
Fuck yeah.
I mean, although the state taxes are pretty heavy,
so maybe you can save about 25 of that.
Don't fuck with business state taxes.
Unrestricted free agent-to to be, Tyler Toffoli,
who, of course, went from the Kings to Vancouver,
said he absolutely loved his experience with Vancouver this season.
He does want to stay with the Canucks, so they're going to try to make that work.
Oh, yeah, he's playing with Pettersson.
I'd want to stay there, too.
He probably can get 30 in his sleep.
Maybe he can rent one of your seven houses up there, Biz.
And being reunited with his buddy Tanner Pearson as well,
who they had a lot of success together in L.A.,
seems like he fit right in at home there.
And, yeah, I'm interested to see.
That's like a reverse, like, you know, hey, can I please come back?
Yeah.
Hey, guys, I really liked it here.
Can you sign me, please?
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, he's a great player, great playoff performer as well.
Well, given today's climate,
it's been harder than ever for hiring managers to find employees.
Monica Stocks could relate.
She needed to hire for a pivotal role at her construction company, GS Group,
but was having a tough time finding the right person, especially with so many candidates out there.
So she switched to ZipRecruiter.
ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you.
It finds them for you.
Its technology identifies people with the right experience for your job and actively invites them to apply,
which is why you should try Zip Recruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's how Monica found Lamont Jenkins.
She said that Zip Recruiter sent Lamont's profile to her around five minutes after she posted her job
because he was such a great match for the role.
Through ZipRecruiter, Monica's company has hired everyone from accountants to project managers to field scientists.
But Monica is not the only employer who loves ZipRecruiter.
Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day.
See for yourself how ZipRecruiter makes hiring faster and easier.
Try it now for free.
That's right, free at ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
How are you?
Moving right along.
Crushed it.
A couple of trades a couple of trades
boys one of our buddies yeah uh carolina sent defenseman joel edmondson to montreal for a
fifth rounder and next month's draft he is a pending ufa so the habs are eventually dealing
up for first dib so they obviously must want to sign them though i mean they're going after all
the old st louis guys who won the cup there yeah he's got jake jake the snake now he's got edmondson if they can lock him in but uh we talked
about petrie who's up for contract this year correct i believe he's a pending ufa i thought
he's going to be looking that up right now and after the playoff performance he had and and
them knowing that they got to be strong on the back end in order to fight to survive
i don't know i mean uh should be interesting to see who they keep around yeah peachy's got one
more year left at five okay well then i'm a fucking idiot yeah well hey claude nobody loves
veteran defenseman more than claude julian so i mean obviously like i said they give up a fifth
round of farm so they must want the inside track oh we're gonna keep me looking like an idiot kind
of like the jamie ben situation no no i'm I'm going to save that for the Fisher Switch.
Okay, great, yeah.
Bend me over again, guys.
Another one.
Penguins traded Nick Bukestad to Minnie for a conditional pick in the 2021 draft.
He's going into the final year of a deal that pays him 4.1 million this year,
half of which Pittsburgh will pick up.
Oh, I had him as a pending UFA, too, actually.
So what's your take on this deal, Whit?
I like it.
I mean, he showed some sick promise in Florida,
especially one year.
I think he had 50 points.
He's battled injuries, though.
It seems like every year he's kind of,
this year was really tough for him,
and I think he only played 13 games.
So you look at big prospect coming out of Minnesota,
from Minnesota, had a chance in Florida to play,
played for a long time,
and then a real good chance in Pittsburgh to play with some great players,
but hasn't necessarily found his groove in terms of where he fits into a lineup
and where he can kind of play his best hockey.
So now if you're thinking what could help, maybe going home,
playing in your home city for a team that's definitely going to probably play you
a little bit more offensively, the question is can he stay healthy?
So if he can, I think he makes a huge difference, and it's a good trade.
If he can't, you just feel bad for a guy who's had a tough time
staying healthy in this league.
I know from experience.
Yeah, Garen, I think it's a good move.
It's a low-risk, high-reward type of situation.
If it doesn't work out, you've got one year,
and I believe he's only making, what, four, maybe four and a half?
Well, four-one in Pittsburgh is picking up half,
plus it's a contract year for him.
There you go.
He's going to have extra motivation.
He's going to be motivated for sure.
In addition to being back home.
Also, Sean Couturier won the Selkie with 1,424 votes.
He beat out Patrice Bergeron and Ryan O'Reilly.
I've heard of him.
There's no surprise here.
I mean, people have been kind of pumped.
A little changing of the guard maybe with this guy.
Yeah.
I would imagine it's not his only one.
He plays that full 200-foot game, and he's right in the category with those guys
in the sense that he can produce offense when doing it.
While playing against the top lines.
Yeah, and that's a special type of player.
Congratulations.
And I believe that's his first, correct?
I believe it is as well, yeah.
Yeah, and that's tough competition.
He was up last year, I think. I i think some of these awards almost like oscars like some guys just after you get
nominated so many times i think voters tend to vote nominate him again even if they weren't
necessarily the best three that year but it's funny because you know nine years ago now he's
picked in the top 10 and you imagine you know at that time a flyer saying oh top 10 pick hopefully
i'm a 90 point guy and in the end he's hasn't turned into like an elite level score but oh my
god could you win a stanley cup with this guy you know he he really does do it all and he's totally
lived up to why he was drafted that high because he can do it at both ends so congrats and uh pal
nathog well it wasn't the trophy he wanted not the stanley cup but he did win the lady bing and i
had a funny quote.
I have to talk about Sid.
He said, I got the cauldron, the Lady Bing now on him.
That's about it.
That's probably all I'll ever get on him.
That's the modest Nate McKinnon we know.
They've got that big brother, little brother, Batman, Robin relationship.
What do you think the odds are right now that McKinnon gets a Hart trophy
in his career?
Oh, I would say minus,
minus two 50,
but think about like McDavid.
There's so many players.
That's all.
That's a,
to win an MVP.
You need so many things to go,
right?
I think he gets one,
but maybe plus two 50 instead of minus two 50.
That's kind of what I meant.
Whereas for most guys,
you're thinking for most guys,
I had no clue what was going on.
Yeah.
I mean,
I just got it opposite.
That's all right. It's all, it should happen. shit happens yeah we know i just meant in general with the gambling
thing it's plus minus i have no fucking someday i'll explain it uh mark giordano won the uh messier
leadership award back-to-back years he won it last year i believe as well no uh i'm not sure at the
top of my head but i do know he undrafted free agent to a captain man that's uh that's quite a
fucking rise i i'll never forget.
He went over to Russia.
I don't know if he couldn't figure out the contract.
They wouldn't give him a one-way.
Yeah.
And talk about a guy who completely resurrected his career
and a guy late in his career who's able to still keep up with these young guys.
He's my age.
This guy's approaching 37.
Freak of nature.
And you can just tell by the response from his teammates online today.
Like, Looch tweeted something out right away uh zach ronaldo this guy's beloved in the locker room and a leader through and through so um i'd imagine they get at least a few mores of high-end
production out of him i mean the guy the guy was one of the oldest players to ever win a norris
trophy was he not or maybe the oldest i don't know if he was the oldest, but he was definitely up there.
That was a sick year.
I think, yeah, one of only a few guys past the age of 35.
Simmons won it last year.
Oh, okay.
So is this his second one, though?
No.
You're just getting fucking owned right now.
Oh, maybe it was the Norris I was thinking about.
Whoopsie.
He's got so many awards.
I'm dashed read this episode.
Couple more quick notes here.
Sean Weiss might not be a name that is very familiar off the top of your head,
but he played Goldberg in the Mighty Ducks movies as a kid.
He posted the other day.
He's been sober for about 272 days now as of Sunday.
He got arrested last year.
His mugshot goes viral, which happens these days.
He's been battling addiction issues for a while.
Well, the kid looked great, man.
He put some weight back on.
He got a new set of chiclets, and he just looked happy.
And I don't know.
I mean, we have a ton of Mighty Ducks fans out there,
and I just thought it was a nice story.
We're going to pass it along.
Obviously, wish him the well going forward.
Wish him the best.
And, you know, I don't know if he's a listener or not
or if any of his peers are, but tell him we're pulling for him.
Yeah, he looked happy for sure. He did. He looked great.
Oh, one last thing. The Wit Dog.
We got another little old clip of the Wit Dog
coming up. Who is finding these clips?
Oh, my God. The Internet's a crazy place.
Yeah, well... And apparently it was
Quinn Hughes' mom that was interviewing you guys?
I have no idea if that's true. I saw a bunch
of the comments say that that was Quinn
and Jack's mom, but
I will never forget that game because it was
right around Christmas time and we played Yale and we worked them and Kevin Schaefer who's in
the video is a freshman defenseman he was having a sick year our team struggled that year that was
my junior year we both ended up with hat tricks he got the hat trick first I ended up getting one
late in the third we dominated Yale I dominating yale they ended up becoming really good but then they
were shit if you played at yale in like 2003 your team was trash and we rolled over them and we
sucked that year but we got wrecked after that game and i don't know if bu had ever had two
defensemen score a hat trick in the same game so it was an exciting time now to see the interview
i get so people say i look so old in that interview.
Benjamin Button.
Yeah, Benjamin Button.
I almost don't mind it, though.
If I'm still looking like I did in college, that isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Yeah, you look four years old.
It was probably bad then because college girls are like, dude.
Professor.
Yeah.
Are you a bartender here or are you in the school?
But I still think that that night will be memorable because getting a hat trick in college
as a defenseman, that's Juergens material, but I'm not going to lie.
It really is.
And then have two guys do it.
I think I drove wide.
I drove wide, cut in for the third one.
Of course, the video had no clips of my goals, just my stupid ears.
And my interview.
God, I was a fucking nerd.
That was hockey cliche central.
That went about as good as my episode today.
You were minus three in like a minute and a half segment.
Somebody said I said, you know, seven times.
It was a 30-second clip.
But, I mean, the modesty was there.
No, no, you were holding it back.
That's probably why you were fumble fucking your words
you really want to be like i'm gonna go get crap on fucking post up at the bar and swipe my old
man's credit card tonight fellas no way he used to give me 20 bucks after each game 20 bucks i
remember we'd go to dad's diner freshman at b we just all give the bartender 20 bucks and just
drink all night it was what a time i didn't have a bank card those Those were the days. Poor job. Alright, boys, I think that
about wraps up this episode. Yeah, it's been a long one.
If you had any further notes, I think that'll do.
Everybody, have a fantastic week, and we'll
catch you back here Thursday. Peace.
As always, we'd like to thank our Dynamite sponsors
here in Spittin' Chicklets. Big thanks,
as always, to our friends over at New Amsterdam
Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Peter Malash. Thanks
for hooking us up with the golf gear.
It's good stuff.
Huge.
Thanks to our new friends at cross country mortgage.
Hopefully you're getting some hits from our ads here.
Big thanks to our friends at DHM detox for taking care of us during our
month long stay in Boston.
And big thanks to everybody over at ZipRecruiter.
Hopefully you're using that for your hiring purposes.
Have a great week,
everybody. Don't worry about a thing.
Cause every little thing
gonna be alright.
Singing don't worry
about a thing.
Cause every little thing
gonna be alright
Rise up this morning
Rise up this morning
