Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 295 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Boston Sports Podcast family.
This is also the last episode we're doing on this Junket to Boston biz.
You've been here for three-plus weeks now.
Yeah, years.
Yeah, like. Yeah,
like I called the last episode, MCI Charlestown. How was your time here? This is basically
our last night here. It was good, man. It was a little funky being out on my routine
in Phoenix, given we've been quarantined for so long. But, you know, it was great getting
together with you guys. You know, I shared a lot of laughs, especially on the golf course,
on the boat trip. Well, not so many laughs for me on the boat trip. But, you know shared a lot of laughs especially on the golf course on the boat trip well not so many
laughs for me on the boat trip but uh you know we got a lot of things accomplished we had some
funny clips the warthog from the electric chairs which uh went viral so yeah it's been a good time
man it was good seeing you guys you know i love you and it's great when we're together uh for
people who are wondering when when biz talks about he's out of his routine he's been to the same place every single
morning to get the same exact breakfast sandwich he then goes and does the exact same thing in his
room throws himself around it and then orders the exact same thing from dinner every single night
i go dude are you not sick of that place no man i'm a creature
of habit i'm like i am too but not the same meal every single day so i understand you're going
crazy but you've kind of put yourself in a big time like mini bubble right around this house
yes correct yeah i'm uh biz doesn't understand that it's it's uh in scottsdale he doesn't really
get recognized everywhere all the time.
Here, he gets a little bit.
Everyone sees who he is and then like, dude, it can be a little overwhelming.
The social anxiety gets popping a little bit where I'm like  I just smoked a fat one and now you're coming up saying hi to me.
Well, people are coming up and they don't know if you smoked a fat one or possibly you're microdosing.
It's like what biz am I going to get?
And the funny thing is I think I'm the one guy, maybeinelli and ra as well that could be like oh he's on that
right now yeah yeah so i kind of just i kind of just ride the wave and uh you know another thing
too is it was great uh getting to know our videographer our new one chase came over from
seattle um and then eight days after he was in nyC, this all happened. So this is the first time we've been able to get together.
He helped us film three sandbaggers.
He did the boat video.
He's going to be editing all that.
So we're adding to our team as well.
And you can chuck lefts.
I don't know if you guys saw the YouTube video.
We chirped him first appearance on the show,
but then all of a sudden a video comes out of what he would do to me on the ice.
Now I can't chirp the guy anymore.
So respect to Chase.
Nice getting to know you. Correct. He's a videographer and uh team security as well yeah exactly from now on so we've added another member and uh fucking rights chaser stick taps
stick taps boys yeah not too many not too many three three weeks in this house for us is
definitely baptism by like a five alarm fire not just baptism by fire because it's a lot to like
live with three fucking strangers essentially.
Well, I didn't know our Ray was moving.
All right guys, let's, let's get this.
Our Ray lives 0.9 miles from here and has slept here for 20 days.
So the fact that you're like, I didn't realize how crazy it'd be.
Like you could go home.
All right.
You could just tell me you love me back.
Yeah.
Instead of just like making it that obvious.
Yeah.
A little break.
Hey, don't forget. We've all been under pandemic orders here in Mass, too.
I've been basically cooped up as well.
So it was a little bit of a respite for myself as well.
All due respect to my old lady.
I love her.
But, you know, I'm sure she didn't.
Just a little alone time.
Yeah.
I'm sure she didn't miss me all that much either.
And Biz, I was legit getting texts like every other day.
I think I just saw Biz down at CVS.
I think I just saw Biz here.
I'm like, yeah, you probably did.
Just at the breakfast bagel place yeah that's about it no
but did we say how you were how you did i already mentioned how you mentioned like people in boston
are just miserable did i say that on another show yeah so so this is like first day i say or maybe
i was like second or third day i came you're like dude people are miserable here i'm like yeah what
do you what do you have you seen how i live my how i act this i'm like what do you mean though he said well i go into
starbucks and i'm usually just like hey how you doing man people are just giving you the death
sticks around here it's like don't say a word in my nitro brew because i fucking asked for a little
yeah because i said hi for crying out loud they give you the the deaths there and and i'll tell you what, after they were rude, I gave them a bit of a stare down,
but I was so focused on the stare down, I'd actually forgotten my phone there.
Oh, walk of shame.
So, hey, I'm talking like the look back where I'm staring this lady down
for being a complete B-I-T-C-H to me.
And I'm kind of like, geez, like I'm being friendly.
Like why are you so miserable
so i made your breath was probably kicking oh no you got a mask on
so um i was too embarrassed to go back in when i forgot my phone i made grinnelly going
no you should have been like no you have to eat that she knew right away too right when i walked
in she's like got your phone here you go douchebagchebag. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like my Caribbean enthusiasm moment where I was like staring her down.
No, people are better than you give them credit for a little bit.
People are happier.
It's not like Scott's, though.
You're going to see a video on Twitter.
I'm just hopping the counter in a fucking Starbucks going toe-to-toe with somebody.
Because he didn't say hi to you like loudly enough back.
You whispered hello.
Uncle Gigi was here, too.
I want to see teeth, motherfucker.
He thought you lost your kid.
My Uncle Gigi was here.
He's like, what, did he lose his kid or something?
I'm like, no, I just forgot his phone at Starbucks.
He legit, like, thought you lost it.
That's my lifeline, man.
Oh, absolutely.
You did mention the fishing trip, so probably a good time to mention our guest we'll be bringing on a little later, Todd Fedorek.
Yeah.
Played over 500 games in the NHL, mostly with the Philadelphia Flyers.
What a great interview that was.
It was raw.
Yeah, it was very raw.
I had never met Todd, and we had a blast.
The painting was a gift, Todd.
And I just actually loved being around him.
When he came in, right when I met him, I'm like, this guy is
He comes in hot.
He came in hot. He came down the stairs with his house guys, so I show up, and, right when I met him, I'm like, this guy is... He comes in hot. He came in hot.
He came down the stairs of this house, guys, so I show up, and I'm just sitting there,
and I'm like, where...
Donnie Does was here.
Yeah.
And I'm, you know, shooting the shit, and all of a sudden, I hear a thud, and he's like,
ah!
Ah!
I'm like, what the fuck's going on?
It's Fedora.
He's like, I hit my head again.
Fuck!
I was like, whoa, we're about to interview this guy?
But we got down to his career, his life, and a lot of things I think people will really enjoy.
He was a tough SOB, guys.
This guy could chuck them.
And he had a nasty injury that he talks about.
And just another guy with a great message.
And yeah, looking forward to it.
Waking up to him.
It was like quarter of seven.
I was sleeping right there.
The door was two feet away.
Bang on the door.
Now, I didn't know he was coming here.
I opened it.
I'm like, who are you?
He's like, what's up, man?
I'm Todd.
I was expecting Donnie Does.
Legit thought like I was getting home invaded for about 30 seconds.
I was like, oh, fridge.
Yeah, come on in.
Fucking make yourself at home.
Scared the shit out of me.
Did you chuck your hat on before you entered the door?
I might have put a blanket on top.
I didn't know if I was going to get Pearl happy by one of these guys again. What's Pearl Harbor to me? Did you chuck your hat on before you answered the door? I might have put a blanket on top.
I didn't know if I was going to get Pearl happy by one of these guys again.
What's Pearl Harbor to me?
Be surprised out of the blue.
Oh, like video bomb. Yeah, exactly.
Didn't know what was going on.
Anyways, Whitney got his wish.
It flew over my head.
Not the first time.
Won't be the last.
Well, I know, but it was more of a play on the joke.
The original joke.
Pearl Harbor joke.
They used to use it in wrestling.
So I guess you're not so smart after all.
I think you just flipped it.
I flipped the script on you.
Nah, it went over my head.
Now we're on the same page, I guess.
Nothing ever goes over my head.
We're not making light of that situation either.
You've never gotten shit over my head on this podcast.
Honestly, I know it's a phrase people don't  it's an old wrestling phrase.
They used to use on the old WWF, fucking Pearl Hobbit as a verb, yeah.
Oh, remind me to tell you the funny Wingfoot story where the U.S. Open is this week.
Well, I kind of want to hear it now.
No, no, no.
We've got to get to the golf talk.
And like I just said, Whit got his wish.
He's got at least one more New York Islanders game this season.
Tuesday night, Isles win 2-1 in a double overtime game the fourth game six um again
i know it's funny to say a double overtime game not the most thrilling but the islanders i think
they had like 20 shots go after regulation just a grind just a grind of a battle but then
fucking your boy jordan eboli i don't know how he gets that open in overtime what do you mean how
does he get that open because fucking our boy shaddy whiffed one at the point.
Yep, tough bounce.
And Shaddy's played great hockey.
Shaddy's played awesome.
That's something that's just shit luck, man.
We talked about it.
I think we were doing the behind the scenes or something when we were just talking to Chaser
about the cup just being  it's like all luck.
It's really crazy to see.
And we'll go into the other series.
But last night, that's just a bad break.
There is not one thing a coach could be mad at Shattenkirk for on that play.
And now you've got to give credit because Lee made a sick play to just kick it off the wall to himself,
step around him, and then the great pass.
And Eberle, man, he's really as clutch as they come as a player.
You go back to the world junior heroics
that he could continually pulled i think two years in a row with canada he scores this fucking
highlight reel insane goal his first game as an oiler i was on the uh i was on the bench for that
one but i think i picked up a couple apples that you probably went i had two apples first game of
that year thank you and he's just been a really good player. It's funny. I called that he wasn't going to resign there.
Thanks, Ebs.
And then he ended up being there, and he loves it.
And so I'm happy for him.
Now, I'm going to let you go into the game because I get some stats after to make sure that the Tampa Bay Lightning fans aren't going to have to worry.
So before the game, Johnny Boychuck, it was announced that he would be playing, right?
So I'm like, fucking right.
It's like, you know, this guy's back in.
That's a big bounce for that lineup.
And like, you know, when you just lost the last game,
you're down 3-1, getting an injection like that type of guy,
I think it helps the room out.
Helps the morale a little bit.
You know, say, clicks, boys.
Not too many, not too many.
Not too many, not too many.
We just did.
And like early on, blocks a shot, gets it right in the gut.
And I'm thinking, I know that feeling when you're coming off an injury
or you're maybe even still injured and you decide to play.
And you're like, hey, I'm just hoping this kind of goes one of those games
where I don't get dinged up at all.
Nice free-flowing game.
No, eats one right in the fucking belly button.
Yeah, but it's playoffs.
You almost want that.
That's how you're going to get into it.
I don't think he hated that part. He's like, but you know you're in it right so then i think like two
or three shifts later he ends up fucking taking a clapper right off his uh his boot and breaks
escape blade so he's fucking sitting around in the middle yeah he's trying to like you know
scoot himself off so i'm trying to see cut this guy just got back you know that type of grinder
type and he's got to put up with that in the first period.
But he looked like he fit right in after that.
Tough, tough bounce off the start.
But Varlamov, he was, I mean, he had a funny clip after the game,
diving into the pile.
You know, he had a great bounce back game.
I mean, he's been fairly solid this series, given what he dealt with.
I mean, 37 shots from Tampa last game.
I thought that they controlled the play,
and I thought Tampa deserved to win,
but that's fucking how the Islanders roll.
Another thing, they end up tying up the game 1-1,
and then they should have gone ahead Tampa,
but this is why I'm okay with the rule existing,
and I don't know how the fucking refs missed this one.
Paquette was offside by, I think, 20 feet.
Like, it was a crider offside
yeah 20 feet being like generous could have been 30 yeah it might have been it was the most obvious
offside rider was like offside offside and he can't talk yet no he just like that was his first
words that's how he learned it by seeing how offside paquette was yes that's i mean that
tells you how much this is so interesting to so interesting to see how they'd miss that.
Well, they did.
And that's one of those situations where it's like,
ah, I don't necessarily like the rule
because I do feel like it slows down play.
And in most cases, the guy skates hovering over it
or it's like a millimeter or an inch.
Okay.
How about my idea then?
For something like that,
league buzzes down the guy
gets on the horn the ref he goes they just go no goal and you don't even spend one second or they
can even like announce in the arena no but then you're gonna you're gonna have that quick you're
gonna have to have constantly guys looking over video they already do like last like last night
like i'm saying once they review it right just be like don't make
them go to the video or anything just like that obvious the lead just calls down it's not a goal
i thought like i mean in some cases what if there's like a minute and a half sustained pressure like
you're gonna have to wait to rewind the tape and like you got to get all that done i think they
have people that are like i think people are watching it live and they got other guys that
they're stopping and watching here's why I'm on board with it.
It makes sense. If they don't have enough people to do it now, they should, and they can hire people and create more jobs.
So genius idea, Whit.
Genius fucking idea.
So that negates the goal 1-1, and then it ends up going in at 2 OTs.
So credit the Islanders.
And I got a feeling.
So you're feeling.
But here's another thing.
Point doesn't play in game five.
That's hilarious.
Fuck, dude.
What's going on with Point?
They got no stamp codes.
They got no point.
That's two of their best three forwards out of the fucking lineup.
And then we're not going to get into Dallas yet.
But Jesus Christ, they just keep getting some decent bounces.
Listen, listen.
I personally, this is just me throwing it out there.
I think that points banged up.
He was questionable in game four.
He played.
He had a huge goal.
Yeah.
Right.
I think it's like we're up 3-1.
Let's not play you tonight.
Get you the rest.
You get a little extra rest.
We're going to try to close him out tonight without you.
And then, you know, you get a couple extra days.
And then they're also thinking we got two more games to do it.
So I'm very surprised.
If he's not in next game, then you start thinking he could be out for a long time.
If he doesn't play game six, you are in one.
Correct.
And in an unusual case, and given it's in the Bumble,
and you assume that the players and everybody inside there wants to go home,
is if they were to close out in game five they would have been starting up on thursday when this well i guess we're in thursday
now because that's when you guys are listening to it so they're thinking whoa mind trip what the
fuck do you say man yo pass the j bro um fuck now i lost my train of thought i knew you would i knew
you would that's exactly why i did it you were talking about how tonight was going to be the start of the Stanley Cup final.
So they're probably thinking, hey, if we're able to close out in five,
at least we get him a couple extra days depending on what it is.
But like you said, now that it's going to six, if we don't see point again,
you're thinking, okay, did he aggravate something?
Then try to come back too soon and then re-aggravate it.
Like this is a guy, given with whatallas has thrown at teams and how they're able
to just keep finding ways to win if you're dallas you're probably a lot less confident not having
point and not having stamkos in lineup although stamko started practicing with the team i believe
so there's a little bit of light at the end of the tunnel okay yeah okay but Okay, but since 2000, right, when the Flyers did it,
every single team that's been up 3-1 in the conference finals
has closed the series out.
They've ended it.
It's 16 times in a row.
Ended it in five?
No, just won the series.
So I'm saying you got two more games.
If points out, yeah, you start thinking it could happen.
They got Vasilevsky.
Kucherov is playing so well.
Kucherov, his game is so sick.
Fuck, I thought he got hurt the other night.
I know.
It was a bit of a scare.
He's just a snapshot, too, out there, which we've mentioned a bunch of times.
So Tampa Bay, they've never lost a series when they held a 3-1 lead.
And granted, you could say, well, at some point it's going to to happen it's not going to happen this year um and part of the reason is
Vasilevsky I mean they lost last night how good was he still yeah he was it's it's it's it's Tampa
Dallas it's going to be glorious when when the Islanders lose but at least yeah we get a little
more excitement in a game six what was one other thing all right what do you got on the series
uh basically I was going to add like stamp stamp codes was spotted practicing uh shooting around in a game six. What was one other thing? All right, what do you got on the series?
Basically, I was going to add, like, Stamkos was spotted practicing,
shooting around.
I don't know how close he is to returning.
Once again, Valamov, what did he say, Biz?
30, I got it written down.
I think he had 36 saves.
Yeah, he had a great night again.
Boys, you guys pretty much covered it all.
I mean, I'm looking forward to game six.
The more the merrier.
I know Witt probably don't want one, but I love a game seven, man.
I'll be very nervous for Tampa if this goes seven. For the simple fact,
especially if we mentioned if points
not back, but just
I don't know, man. That mental
warfare of like, they're like,
we had the 3-1 lead. Are we going to blow it?
I don't know. You think that they're battle
tested and they're ready to go? John Cooper
said that we've dealt with adversity in this playoff before, which, I don't know. I don't know. You think that they're battle-tested and they're ready to go? John Cooper said that we've dealt with adversity in this playoff before,
which I don't know.
I don't think to this extent in going against an Islanders team.
But, yeah, we'll see.
Actually, I did have a question.
This is from ignorance, not picking on anybody.
That play, the goal that Ebley scored,
should Sergachev have stayed with him,
or did he do the right thing by going to the play?
He was kind of caught flat-footed,
so it wasn't like he was playing a usual two-on-one.
He's kind of skating the same direction they are.
He was forward skating, and he ends up going over to Lee.
He certainly could have tried to give the goalie the shooter.
That's what you always want to do, playing a normal two-on-one.
Give the goalie the shooter and just guarantee
that the pass won't get through you for a tap-in.
It was so fast and happened so quick that said that when shattenkirk whiffs sergachev's in the middle of
the blue line lee's off and he's just standing there so he's kind of chasing that play it was
it's amazing how instinctive it is in some cases where like a lot of guys in that case well they'll
fake to go to him and then go to the other guy. Cause most of the time they say,
give the shooter to the goalie.
Right.
But if you feel you've caught him in the midst of a stick candle where you're
able to take a stab at that thing and like not fully commit,
you try to do it.
And it was just a great pass.
Yeah,
I know.
Definitely not taking credit away.
And it was right off Eberly's stick.
So,
um,
yeah.
Interested.
There was fucking one other thing that I wanted to talk about in that game.
Uh, come on, check your phone. Oh, oh, um, just, interested. There was fucking one other thing that I wanted to talk about in that game. Come on, bitch.
Check your phone.
Oh, just Hedman.
Jesus Christ.
Eighth goal of the playoffs.
Frankie.
Because this fucking guy is nonstop.
He's nonstop.
He really is.
And he's just picking corners, too.
It's a pleasure to watch this guy play.
You know what that was?
That was at the All-Star game when the defenseman gets to skate into one.
Like Shea Weber.
Yeah, but it was kind of rolling too.
Yeah, well, okay.
So, yeah, add another cap in the feather then.
Good luck putting that cap in the feather.
Or would I say the feather in the cap?
I think you said cap in the feather, which would be near impossible.
No, that's good.
Well, it's the biz way of putting it.
Game 6, Thursday night, 8 o'clock tonight.
If you listen to the show the day it dropped.
Out west, the Stars wrapped up the Campbell Conference in five games
after Dennis Garianoff's ninth of the playoffs, 336 in the OT,
gave Dallas a 3-2 victory.
Very tough loss for Vegas.
They had a 2-0 lead early in the third.
They blew it.
Goals by Jamie Benn and Yoel Kiviranta.
Jamie Benn.
Oh, okay.
The guy that's just hosing you.
Yoel Kiviranta erased it.
We're getting Bukkake at this point.
You've got to feel terrible for Zach Whitecloud.
I mean, he's not really  it wasn't your typical puck over the last three years.
Oh, I know.
It's a desperation play.
He's just trying to bat it away.
Such bad luck.
I felt awful for the kid, man.
I don't know.
I mean, you're going to get 50-50 on this rule.
I think it sucks that somebody's season ended
because there was no intent there for it to go over like that.
But I also get the other standpoint of they're trying to create more offense
with if you can't make plays, you're going to get penalized for it.
So you see Revo consoling him after,
and just with the expectations of that
team and you saw that quote right after the game Riley Smith said this is far and above the most
high skill team I've ever been on anything less than a Stanley Cup is a major disappointment and
I mean I mean you saw it in in in periods and in in some games like I mean I think one game
they outshot them by 13 and
one game i think it was 17 and you know they controlled a lot of the play they were seem to
be getting a little bit more of the power plays at least early on but this dallas team man they're
just especially to close it out in five two was just even more odd but they just they're they're
so galvanized right now and they're playing for each other and in a
situation where they're in the bubble and i know it's hell for these guys this is like they're
going on two and a half months here and they're losing their minds but that like team camaraderie
is just kind of taking it to a new level and the fact that they're just able to keep pulling these
games off like when do you see vegas blow a two goal lead in the third and the minute they fucking smell blood they pounce and I I was I keep getting bent over on the Jamie Ben thing it's like he just he's a playoff performer
man he's he's he's one of the only guys out there with no visor on he's standing up to everyone him
and Stone barking at each other he's just not backing down and it's like it's cool to see
I thought when these guys were coming into playoffs they were going to be like they started the regular season with they were one in seven to
start the regular season they were struggling and right out of the gate even in the round robin
and and early in that uh series against uh fucking calgary like people forget they were they were 12
seconds from going down 3-1 no they found a way a way. Radulov, boom, gets the tire.
They win that game.
Then all of a sudden, with Kachuk being out,
it's a testament to that group.
These older guys, I think, realized this is probably their last kick at the can.
It's hard to get to even this point.
And what they've been dealing with and being in this bubble.
Losing the cup finals, I know from experience, is so heartbreaking.
To lose this year is fucking 100 times worse.
They should give them a consolation ring.
That's the only time I'm down with it.
These guys have  they are so  imagine being away from your kids this long.
This is a fucking grind, and I i'll tell you they are last year's
blues i think i said this at some point on this show they are similar to last year's blues and
you remember that they got robbed and not beating the blues when jamie ben had the binnington made
that amazing save on the wraparound yeah so you've seen what they and listen i think through four
games against colorado they'd given up 15 goals.
They gave up, what, six goals in the first four games to Vegas?
Like, it's just, I'm so impressed by what they're able to do.
And, like, you realize that when you have three defensemen who can log 25 minutes,
Heskinen being the best overall, Klingberg, I can't pump this guy's tires enough.
He has the best, most perfect shot for tips and rebounds from the point.
And then when he wants to shoot to score, he has a cannon.
But he just flicks these wristers, and he had two assists in the clincher.
And then Esa Lindell is fucking legit.
That guy plays, like, a lot of hard minutes.
He PKs.
Yeah, he's a nice player. He's so solid, and nobody really knows much about him.
Kind of similar to, like, Ekholm in Nashville, right?
Like, they're, like, really good but quiet.
And I just think that when Dallas has guys going,
and you mentioned the veterans, like, when they score the goal,
there's a video.
I wish I remembered because I couldn't even find it to show you.
I wish I remembered the Twitter feed, so I'm doing no one any good.
I'll try to describe the video.
It's a camera that's looking down Dallas' bench.
So you can't see the ice.
It's solely looking down their bench.
And they're all standing up because, you know, that play,
there was a lot of pressure on the power play goal.
Guryanov scored.
And they score, and the bench goes so nuts, exactly like you think they would.
And they all hop on the bench, and one guy stays.
It's Cogliano, who's been in the league a long time.
We've talked to him on a bunch.
Good friend of mine, played in Edmonton.
And he's standing there, and it's just like he's standing there sheer joy.
You can tell he's screaming.
He's so fired up.
Him and one of the coaches pounded out, and then he jumps over the boards.
It's like the passion this team has.
Now, granted, who wouldn't have that passion after going to the cup final?
But they've been in this for the long haul.
Jamie Benn has the little video where you see when he's checking in at the beginning of the bubble, the beginning of the
playoffs. He had so many bags
or something like that. And he's like, we plan on being
here a while, right? It's like a cheesy line,
but I think they did. I think these guys
are like exactly what you said. They got Corey
Perry. Pavelski, who DeBoer
coached in San Jose and ironically
mentioned when they're talking about this series,
he said like, we're playing good. This was
leading up to the Game 5. He said, we're playing good. We're up to the game five so we're playing good we're getting so many chances and he mentioned their
best player joe pavelski is just kind of like i guess his old coach just talking about how much
he respects his game shoots a backhander that hits the shaft of a stick and goes like a pitching
wedge over into the net and we lose game four i mean it's it's it was such a game of inches like
i wonder if vegas looks back like Do you think they think they played poorly?
I don't know because they dominated at times.
They couldn't score, and they ran into a goalie
who's just been on this amazing hot streak.
That's the other similarity between St. Louis and Dallas.
Yeah, I mean, Binnington's a rookie and kind of comes out of nowhere,
but if Udoven was a backup, no one ever would have.
If Dallas was in the cup final at the beginning of this year,
everyone's probably telling you, yeah, Ben Bishop's up for the Vesna,
and he's like stonewalling everyone.
It's a team that I have a crazy feeling about.
I'm still on Tampa when they do beat the scumbag Islanders and move on,
but Dallas, what a run it's been.
And Radulov can't stay enough.
I just, yeah.
Ves.
Yeah.
There's a couple other things that we had to discuss here.
We got, we talked about something.
Oh, this is what I wanted to address.
I personally believe, and the guys in the locker room might say something different.
I feel like the goaltending situation, especially with the fact that the contract talks coming out,
it just got to a level where it was so weird
where something as little as that,
it just can create a little bit of tension in the locker room.
There's no reason that team should have...
I don't think they should have lost to Dallas.
I definitely don't think they should have lost to them in five games.
And for them to kind of go out like that
and lie flat on the offense, I don't think they should have lost to them in five games. And for them to kind of go out like that and lie flat on the offense,
I don't know.
It was a drastic halt to what their trajectory was going into that series.
Man, Smith, Pacioretty, and Marshall Show didn't score.
Yeah.
I mean, three of your top players right there.
So I think that they played well and they dominated stretches.
But, yeah, it's certainly disappointing.
Did you have Dallas?
No, I'm pretty sure I had
Vegas for the pissing off Dallas
fans, but dude, I mean,
full marks to Darby, man. They got Darby.
I mean, Hudobin's been absolutely incredible
and like I said, we had him in Boston.
We loved him here. He got a nice contract
with Carolina. That didn't pan out as he hoped.
He kind of bounced around a little, but I love what he's doing man i love a great goalie story particularly
a guy like that yeah i'm putting a hell of a battle on uh also an interest in stat biz the
stars are the first team to enter the stanley cup final with the negative goal differential in the
postseason since the 68 blues and the 68 blues by the way were in the cup final because they put all
the expansion teams in one division ensuring that an expansion way, were in the cup final because they put all the expansion teams in one division,
ensuring that an expansion team would be in the cup final.
So basically it's been fucking that long with 52 years.
And Sagan said, it says that analytics are overrated.
And needless to say, the analytics community got a pretty good chuckle out of Sagan's quote.
Oh, man.
If you say anything negative, you're just like, you're getting attacked.
The analytics mafia comes at you?
The army's coming.
Hee-ho.
Must be a scary bunch.
Hee-ho.
Wait, that's not nice.
What?
Oh, you said you must be a scary bunch.
Yeah, that's not mean.
No, no, I was being sarcastic.
But going back to that one series against Colorado, though,
and I know I've been getting to it with fucking Starz fan.
I've jumped on your little rivalry bandwagon, R.A.
I mean, in that series, I just thought that they'd gained,
they'd gotten a little luck given with all the injuries.
Yeah, I mean, if you look back, it was seven regulars out.
I'm happy for Dallas.
First trip to the finals since 2000.
I think the fifth trip as a, is it Dallas' fifth trip to the finals, I believe?
It's their third in Dallas, and then
They had two in mini?
Yeah, two in mini.
Yeah, they lost to Pittsburgh that year,
and then I believe they lost to the Islanders one year, too.
The Rick bonus story is
Minnesota lost to the  Minnesota wasn't in the league when the Islanders were.
Sure they were.
Minnesota North Stars?
Sure.
The Islanders beat them in one of them?
No, I'm guessing on that in the fifth one.
I can look it up right now.
But no, the Islanders and North Stars were definitely in the league.
I'm sorry.
I was thinking of the Wilds.
I apologize.
That's okay.
Nothing goes over my head, though.
Rick, bonus.
Everybody's sending out messages on social media about how happy they are for this guy.
He's been around forever.
I want to talk to him. I want to have him on here. He's coached messages on social media about how happy they are for this guy. He's been around forever. I want to talk to him.
I want to have him on here.
He's coached for about 400 years.
We're going to get him on, I think.
Yeah, he might have a Stanley Cup when we end up interviewing him.
I reached out to his kid, Ryan.
I actually scrapped him in junior when he played for the Brampton Battalion.
So he's going to broker the deal on getting him on.
But just such a likable guy and getting a lot of love on social media,
thinking people think he deserves this for what he's put into the hockey world.
Absolutely.
He's been doing it for quite a long time.
Also, Corey Perry got a little richer.
He got a 100,000 bonus for reaching the final.
Dallas Cap overage is now over 3 million.
I'm sure they'll worry about that when they need to.
And if he wins the Cup, he'll get another 150k so uh congrats to cory perry on uh i don't know i saw that tweet and um
that's a drop in the bucket i saw that tweet and i had to retake it i'm like 100k he doesn't even
fucking know it's made like 90 million hasn't he like 100k i actually i'm like are they even
writing about 100k for this guy he's
probably flicking it to a guy who valets his car oh my god all right boys uh today our show is
brought to you by the good people at thursday boot company a boot strapped startup that makes
the best handcrafted boots and sells them direct to consumer at some of the lowest mock-ups in the
footwear industry thursday boots his tagline is highest quality, honest prices
because they use some of the best materials like full grain leather,
supple glove leather lining, and gold standard Goodyear welt construction.
Just like the legacy brands that charge 400 plus for similar styles,
but Thursday Boot Company sells their boots at prices starting at just 149 plus free shipping and
returns. They're super comfy and I love that new leather smell when they arrive. Good stuff.
They're handcrafted with the highest quality materials to be comfortable, versatile, and
durable. Thursday boots are perfect for people who understand quality and don't want to pay a
high retail markup for a great looking pair of boots that are built to last. With prices starting
at 149 and free shipping and returns, Thursday boots are the best buy this season. And with markup for a great looking pair of boots that are built to last with prices starting at 149
dollars and free shipping and returns thursday boots are the best buy this season and with their
clean timeless design and durability thursday boots will keep you standing confident for years
to come head on over to thursdayboots.com and try a pair today with free shipping and free returns
if for any reason you do not love your size or fit thursday boots has you covered
and a special mention to our friends in canada thursday boots offers free shipping to canada too
so go to thursdayboots.com that's t-h-u-r-s-d-a-y-b-o-o-t-s.com and get a pair of high
quality boots you'll be wearing for years oh and use this survey after to check out to let them know how I sent you there.
Here at Spittin' Chicklets.
Thanks, everybody.
Once again, that's Thursdayboots.com.
All right, a couple quick notes before we send it over to Todd Fedorek.
Minnesota signed Jonas Brodine to a seven-year, 42 million contract extension.
The defenseman had one more year left at a previous six-year 25 million deal,
so nice little bump in pay.
Elliott Friedman is, quote, hearing Bill Armstrong confirmed as Arizona GM.
At press time, nothing had been confirmed officially yet,
but I'm sure if Elliott says it, it's going to be true.
Biz, I know you're not looking for confirmation,
but I didn't know if you had any input there.
No, yeah, I read that on Twitter today, and I don't know anything about him.
I don't really cover that side of the world.
I just give my shitty hot takes and pick my boogers and eat them.
So I wish him the best of luck.
I hope he's able to turn this franchise around.
I think it's a five-year deal.
There are some other good guys up for the job as well.
Sean Burke was a guy that I was personally pulling for
just because I knew he was, you know, he's been around and he's seen that.
But I wish this guy all the best and looking forward to meeting him
if I'm still on payroll by the time I get back.
And we did give a quick check.
It was five total cup appearances for the Minnesota-slash-Dallas franchise.
Lost to 91 to Pittsburgh, and it was 81 they lost to the Islanders.
Great call.
Actually, going back to the Coyotes talk,
I heard that Calgary's interested in Darcy Kemper,
and there's been chitter-chatter.
You stay away from my fucking
Good, get him out of that good-for-nothing team.
Tree Living, if you take over
That organization that can't do anything right.
Get Shane Doan back in the mix, and I never say a bad word about him again.
Deal?
Deal.
That's the cheers.
Deal.
But, Tree, you stay away from Darcy, buddy.
Yeah, Biz, I know we've been at this house for a few weeks now,
and I noticed they have a security system here.
I'm not sure if it's a simply safe or not, but it ought to be.
Here's the thing about home security companies.
Most trap you with high prices, tricky contracts, and lousy customer support.
So while there are lots of options out there, there's only one no-brainer. Simply safe. companies most trap you with high prices tricky contracts and lousy customer support so while
there are lots of options out there there's only one no-brainer simply safe protect your home with
none of the drawbacks of traditional home security it's got an arsenal of sensors and cameras to
blanket every room window and door tailored specifically for your home you can set it up
yourself in under an hour you just peel and stick the senses exactly where you need them there's no
technician required and there's no contract no pushy sales guys no hidden fees no fine print
and all this starts at just 15 a month i'm not the only one who thinks simply safe is great
u.s news and world report named it the best overall home security of 2020 so head to simply
safe.com slash chicklets and get a free hd camera for our listeners that'sisafe.com slash chicklets and get a free HD camera for our listeners.
That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
to make sure they know that our show sent you.
All right, boys, I think we should probably send it over to Todd Fedorek right about now.
Fridge, let's go, baby.
Yeah, let's go. Without further ado, our pal Fridge.
Well, it's a pleasure to welcome our next guest to Spit and Chicklets.
He piled up over 1,000 penalty minutes in 545 NHL games for six different squads,
most famously for the Philadelphia Flyers.
He's been known to have a scrap or two back in the day.
He's also a nice Edmonton boy and a very unselfish fisherman,
as we found out on Boston Harbor Saturday.
Thanks for joining us. Todd Fedorork, how's things, Fridge?
Well, things are good, man. It's great to be here,
guys. I like this show. I've been listening for a
while, man. You guys do it right, so
I appreciate you having me on. A lot of your Alberta
boys talk about it.
They ask me every week, when am I
getting on Spittin' Chicklets? You guys have a huge
following out there. Big following in Alberta.
I don't know if you saw my career as an oiler.
They haven't forgot.
They continue to watch me.
They flocked and followed, right?
Yeah, exactly.
You're from Redwater, Alberta?
That's it.
So just outside of Edmonton, growing up, minor hockey playing there?
Yeah, Redwater Renegades, Redwater Truckers.
Those are the minor league.
Any other NHLers from your hometown?
Well, there was one
Kent Manderville came through
Wasn't born in there
In Redwater
But lived there for a bit
We actually played in
The Flyers together
But no I'm the only one
Born and raised at a
Redwater
What are you born in?
79?
79
79 so you're
I'm thinking
78 years old
When the Oilers
I mean I guess
Gretzky's might be gone by then
but I mean
that was your team
or Calgary was
right there
I remember the 87 Flyers
and
yeah
I was lucky
to grow up in Edmonton
in those days
it was
Messier
Tickenen
Gretzky
Fuhrer
Andy Moog
Paul Coffey
they won when Gretzky left too
and you were even
a little bit older then
which is probably crazy to remember that I remember that time when Gretzky left, too. And you were even a little bit older then, which is probably crazy to remember that.
Yeah, I remember that time when Gretz got traded, man.
It was just national news every day.
Like, the world is ending.
We're losing our savior.
And the world was over for like a year.
And when they won again, that kind of really made it feel good for Edmonton.
But, I mean, Gretzky is Gretzky.
You know, he was the guy there
so yeah big trade man you think hey first off thanks for coming up so we should mention he
trekked all the way up from new jersey right to do this interview so we appreciate that he spent
the whole weekend with us yeah well i mean yeah we we hung out like i said we went fishing all
day in the boston hobby first time out on the harbor right yeah it was it was hey you know
what i've been through Boston,
playing and stuff. We had a couple snow winds.
This is a beautiful city. I've got to
hand it to you, man. I didn't get a chance to walk around
when you're playing and stuff, but
it's nice right now, and it's a nice
city. It's funny how people
because you've traveled and played in all these cities,
not just you, everyone who's played in the NHL,
but rarely do you get out and about
and see things. Maybe you'll see a restaurant and a bar bar but you're not going to be like dealings with dealing with
what makes city so special so it's cool you got to finally spend some time here we appreciate you
coming yeah i appreciate it uh going back to your minor hockey days i mean given the nhl career you
had and like how physical and how fucking crazy you were did all that start playing minor hockey
i mean were you were you chucking them like that back then
or were you more of a scorer then?
No, I was never.
Minor hockey, it was just, I liked hitting.
Like, I liked the physical aspect of the game.
And I wasn't a guy that stood out.
Wasn't a guy that got a lot of points.
I was a big kid early on and I liked playing physical.
I played hockey because I liked hitting.
That's why I played.
Like, I remember the small rinks in Redwater.
My buddies would come that weren't playing.
They'd come to watch the hits.
Oh, yeah.
That's what it was like in the farming community.
Yeah, Western Canada.
That's the way you play the towns that are surrounded by you.
And your team is made up of the 13 kids in town.
So if you don't have enough kids, you don't play or you combine with another town.
As we got older, we actually combined with another town, Thorhild, to actually make a
team.
So there's kids in that town and ours.
So coming up to the WHL draft and everything, are you just on the radar as a really good
prospect?
Are you kind of coming out of nowhere?
What's your whole, when you turn 14, 15, 16 route?
Well, here's what's funny is I was so out of the loop with the hockey.
I don't know if it's culture back then, but we didn't know until we didn't know I got drafted in the CHL, WHL to a year after it happened.
So it was like not a year, but it was later on.
I don't know.
I don't know if my dad got a call or something, but it was one of the scouts that actually told us at an all-star tryout that your rights are with the Tacoma Rockets at the time, which had moved to Kelowna that year.
It was like a pigeon carrier.
They sent a pigeon to tell you, but it got shot down by a farmer.
I still think it exists in the WHL.
It may not anymore, but you were always drafted as a 15 year old and basically two years before you
could play technically yeah i mean i'm sure there was an exemption in certain cases but you're also
living in an era where like i know when i was drafted that was years later with internet there
was no internet right so you just eventually found out you were drafted by this team and they were
considering bringing you in for your first year of eligibility? Yeah. Yeah. So the way it happened is the first camp that I got to go to,
I didn't get to go to.
I had an injury.
I cut my tricep in half in the summertime with the uncles on the lake,
and I wasn't able to go to camp.
And then the next year I went to camp.
I don't know if this is a good hockey story, but I didn't want to play.
I had a really tough year.
The year before, I got kicked off the AAA team. I had a really tough year the year before.
I got kicked off the AAA team.
For what?
The AAA team in Fort Saskatchewan.
What did you get the boot for?
Well, apparently I missed the curfew, according to the coach.
I didn't even know what curfew was then.
Show me video.
Show me some video to prove it.
Yeah, and then I was just, you know,
I would challenge coaches when they would do things and stuff like that and I just didn't fall in the line so I was a problem child but what happened
is the coach kept my card and they need to release your card so you can join another triple-a team
they were they held my card so I couldn't join another triple-a team and I ended up playing
beer league with my uncles I swear to god I played beer league with my uncles and a couple buddies
that were older than me so i could get rides to the games but i tell you what it was probably the
best thing for me because i handled the puck more than i had ever handled the puck these guys were
a little slower so i was wheeling out there well they were shit-faced they were absolutely because
i had to bring the beer so so did that type of uh off-ice behavior continue when you got the
colonna or did that set more of a structure in your life?
Kelowna's a great town.
No, Kelowna's a great town, and it's a party town, and I partied there for sure.
And I went away to Kelowna.
I was 16, and, I mean, it's a nice town, and it was cool, man.
It was cool to play in the WHL and be young and stuff like that.
And I,
I,
yeah,
early on,
I,
I was,
I was doing some stuff,
extracurricular activities.
I probably normal,
most kids do at 16 years old.
Right.
I just,
you know,
took it a little too far,
you know,
was the team any good there?
Were you guys,
you have some good years?
Yeah,
we,
we,
we had played good.
Yeah.
We had,
um, Kim Dillabaugh had Kim Dillabaugh.
Kim Dillabaugh is the head, the goalie coach
for the Flyers now. He was our goaltender
so he was good.
I mean, we had a tough team, but we were
tough as well. Like,
Dale Purrington was on that team. Me and
Scotty Parker were rookies together.
How about this? So you got Scott
Parker who's 17, right?
I'm 16.
It's his first year, my first year.
We're rookies.
They made us sit together on the bus.
I was 210 pounds at the time.
Probably Park's is 225.
We were close.
We're fighting everyone, guys.
Maybe these are the two rookies you can just give their own seats to.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, the old sweat box in the back went pretty smooth for us
because Parksey just started elbowing the door,
and it opened, and we just walked out.
Nobody said a thing to us.
That's a beautiful thing.
Different if a rookie's the tough guy.
Yep.
Was it odd moving away from home at 16,
then all of a sudden this men's league up until guys like 20 years old
and getting into that scrapper role right away.
Yeah.
That was,
that was like,
I shouldn't have done that the first time I did it.
Cause the first guy I fought in junior,
it was the first time I had really fought and I knew it was going to do it.
Me and parks were going to do it.
Weren't scared at all.
More just like,
you were scared,
but you were like,
I want to see if I can do it.
So that kind of,
you know,
you didn't worry about the fear.
And it was Matt Van Horlick.
So he was a Golden Gloves boxer and a veteran tough guy.
I think he might have been 20 or 19.
And I got into it with him, and he broke my nose and bloodied me up
and just speed bagged me.
I had no clue what I was doing.
That was my first fight.
It was a veteran good
fighter and I got spanked you know and then I just you know I wanted to get better after that
that's and it started from there and I had a lot of guys to support me too like Parks we wanted to
be tough and there was a lot of tough guys in that league at that time Belak, Rocky Thompson
the list goes on a lot of guys well we also had the conversation, I think it was yesterday,
and the fact that you didn't necessarily
get nervous before fights.
It was more of something you just kind of knew
you had to do.
Yeah, and when guys talk about that,
I mean, you think about the fight
and some guys get anxious and stuff
and I just approached it as that's what I was going to do.
So I think it was
partly because of the veterans and this early on it wasn't it wasn't really something that
bothered me or or gave me anxiety but I had like Luke Richardson was a real good older vet that
kind of taught me you're a hockey player first but you know if you're going to play this nobody
ever told me to do it. I was fully on board.
Like, this is my role.
This is my opportunity.
I'm going to take it.
And I got the shot to do it.
But when it had started and I was kind of established as I was going to stay there, these guys kind of, they helped me out.
Rick Talkett, Mark Reckie, Eric Desjardins.
Start developing your game.
Work on your half wall.
Work on my game, but know that I needed to fight too
to establish myself. That was my role.
You know, so I think they'd help with
that and with picking guys
to fight because I would probably make
the bad choice and fight the worst guy
first. You got to get your feet
wet, man. This is still the NHL and
once you do that, once it's like anything
if you, once you see you can play with
them, you're like, I can play in this league league and it's the same thing with fighting you go toe-to-toe with a guy
that's been there and you hang in there okay that's what it takes he's been doing this 10
years i i can do i can do this yeah just going off that and fast forwarding a little bit to your nhl
career you said your first ever regular season fight you could say against who it was but how it was arranged yeah so it was
rob ray so it was rob ray and it was the trainers that the trainers always set up fights i don't
care what anybody says this is this is probably behind the scenes but the trainers in those days
and they would do it amongst themselves right but the trainers are part of the team they're in the
room so when they get going it's usually in the morning skate or something like that guys hang with the trainers they're in the
room guys having a coffee it's i love being with those guys yeah oh i spent a lot of a lot of time
with those guys and and they were they were talking amongst you know razor fight i'm sure that's how
the conversation goes you know what do you do this guy he's a young kid he's coming in and looking
for something to prove looking to prove himself and himself. And I remember them saying, yeah, he would go you.
He would go you.
Like, he'll go you.
He'll go you.
And then talk or not talk.
It was Luke Richardson who was actually talking to me.
He's like, hey, yeah, Razor.
He's a good fighter.
He likes to come out of his jersey.
Like, gave me all the little tips and stuff.
And I was just before the game even started.
He said he likes to come out of his jersey.
That was one of his comments.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, because Razor came out.
That was his whole thing.
He used to come slip right out and then bear arm you, right?
But this was right when the tie-downs came in.
So that had changed.
You have to change your style when that happens.
But they told me things to look out for.
But he was a smaller guy.
And you know what?
He was  it's not that he wasn't tough, man.
He's one of the toughest to play this game.
It was  he was, and I was younger.
And when you're younger and you're a rookie and you fight a veteran,
you get the opportunity to fight a veteran,
you win no matter what for showing up.
And I think some of the older guys understand that.
Rob Ray was one of those guys.
I lined up to him, and I said, I still have the number 52 on.
So I didn't have  I had a rookie
Training camp number.
Yep, training camp number.
Pigeon number.
And, yeah, pigeon, total number and he looks he looks like that we line up right in front of our
bench and i'm like i'm like do you want to do you want to go and he's like who the fuck are you
oh yeah just like that i was like oh i'm just a young guy trying to stay here i need to fight
and you look back he's like? Like, this is exactly 52.
You sure?
And I said, yes, yes.
And then we went, and it was a good tilt.
Good for him.
I caught him with one.
Yeah, he didn't have to, but he gave me a shot,
and I think that's kind of opened the door for me.
Did that positive reinforcement?
Because I know I felt it too.
As soon as I started getting to that role,
as soon as you get that feeling in the locker room, like, you know, fucking right.
It's like, you got our back. Like, you're our guy. It's just like, you feel like just as soon as you get that feeling in the locker room like you know fucking right it's like you got our back like you're our guy it's just like you feel like just as much as
a part of a team is like a second liner at that point yeah you nailed it man that's exactly what
it is i felt more of that i felt closer with that team because you're so young and it's you're so
new to it the veterans bringing you in and making you feel like you're a big part of it is a lot of that, man.
It helps a lot with the development, the stress.
You're 20 years old.
You need somebody to look to, to teach you these things.
Like, how do I deal with this?
How do I handle this?
And when I did good, it was all, you know, they loved it.
They rallied around me fighting and being a young guy
and doing it the right way, and I loved it, man.
It made me feel a part of it.
Your first year in Philly, was that the first year Lindros was gone?
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, no.
He wasn't gone.
I think they sat him out all year.
Okay.
Okay.
Yep.
And then he was.
Yeah.
Playoffs.
Is that when he got hurt?
That was 2000 playoffs.
He got buried by Stevens.
Yeah.
That was the year.
Yeah.
That was the year before me, I think, when I got there.
Oh, I thought you were there that year.
No, I didn't play with him that year.
I didn't play with him.
He sat out the year after that year.
And Jonesy was actually the guy that got hurt, Keith Jones.
He blew out his knee.
He blew out his knee.
Jonesy's one of the funniest guys you ever play with.
He blew out his knee, and he's like, yep, I'm done, kid.
Looks like you're going to get a shot for the rest of the year.
And I said, what do you mean?
He goes, I ain't coming back.
I'm going to retire after this.
My knee's blown.
And I ended up staying up because Jonesy was out,
and the numbers had matched up.
You took that role.
And I took it on.
The empty spot was there.
I don't think they had a resident scrapper that was young and ready to do it.
Which is odd because you feel like that organization,
and given what they had in the minors,
always had at least a couple guys cocked and loaded.
Yeah.
Those teams in the minors and the Fathoms in the early 2000s
were like Garrett Burnett and Frankie Bialowis.
If you're in the hockey circles,
you know who Frankie the Animal Bialois is.
Alligator arms knocking out guys left, right, and center.
And he's a tough cookie, man.
He's crazy, too.
But, yeah, a beautiful man.
Tough teams on those early 2000 minor league squads.
But it's funny that none of the teams,
none of the Flyers had a tough guy in those early days.
Fridge, some guys' faces light up when they have a fight.
I think like Milan Lucic out of today's players,
like they get off on it.
Did you relish the role when you did it?
Or was it more of like, shit, this is my job?
No, I liked when I won.
And I liked when I had a good fight.
If I was in a good toe-to-toe fight with a guy,
I mean, there's a lot to respect in that.
And I really liked that part of it.
I didn't like the grandstanding and role playing and all the chirping i wasn't good at it at all like i tried chirping
again it just never worked out i wasn't quick with it i was too dumb too dumb on the ice
exactly so i would just throw my glove off and punch him,
and that would work better.
Don't talk.
I would say this.
The guys who didn't say a word out there
were far more intimidating than the ones who did.
Goddard didn't say a word.
And they were tough.
The quiet ones are tough.
They know how tough they are,
and they know what they can do to you.
So they don't need to talk.
They just need to act,
and those are the ones you worry about, man.
The quiet ones, Dave Brown, Schultz, you know, the old, the original man,
the quiet guys, Grimson, Semenko.
Yeah, those are the tough guys.
You can go back for, like, days and what names from the 70s
because everybody fought then.
Now, you would take them the seventh round, the 97 draft by Philly.
What did they tell you?
Like, what kind of prospect are you?
Did they even meet with a guy back in those days to even, like, check in with you?
Do you have an agent then?
I had an agent, yeah.
I had an agent.
I was ranked in the second round in the CHL.
I got injured that year, so I dropped a little bit, five rounds maybe.
And I didn't even know.
I don't even think I interviewed with Philly or they seen me.
It was just maybe a lucky, maybe let's take a look at this kid.
I had no idea it was going to be Philly.
I thought it was going to go in the second round.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I got the call from the agent.
I got the call from the agent because everybody goes to the draft
in the first two rounds, right?
Yeah, maybe, Todd, you should sit this one out.
And I was like a little bit devastated.
But, yeah, so I didn't go to the draft.
But Donnie Meehan was my agent originally.
Yeah, but I gassed him.
Probably my second contract, actually.
He said, I'm not doing anything with you.
Yeah.
And I heard that he, I heard that these guys,
and you hear about this stuff with these fucking agents.
I heard that what happened, these guys, so they had two players on the team, me and another guy,
and they'd leverage my contract to get with the other guy.
So we'll give you this guy for this and this guy for that.
So I had some people, you know, close to the team and management and stuff that said, you know, maybe you should consider.
Yeah, you're kind of getting flip-flopped. Yeah, man. And that was an honest kind of tip in the right direction
from somebody that shouldn't have been tipping me in the right direction.
So that was kind of my introduction to my second NHL contract,
but it worked out.
It was based on trust, and I gassed him, man,
because I trusted the guys that I was playing with,
and I think I got rid of him and hired Brad Devine, best agent ever.
And he was your guy for the rest of your career?
He was the guy for the rest of my career.
I still talk to him to this day.
He's a good man.
He's done now, but a real good guy from Western Canada.
So when you got to Philly, I mean, you spent one year in the minors,
Coast and AHL, but then you get up and you're playing,
and rookie year, you became the guy.
You're basically exactly what a philly fan
looks for in a player especially a flyers fan like you were running up and down you're playing
that flyer style so i'm guessing they must have taken to you right away in terms of like
when the fans are behind you it's a different feeling i wouldn't know but at least business
told me yeah yeah and i think i think that's why i make my home in Philly, because even when I got drafted, my dad's like,
well, that's the team for you.
They play a real tough game.
And I was like, right on, Dad.
That's right.
Let's go to Philly.
He's like, where is that?
And I'm like, it's way, way far away on the East Coast.
And we had to look at a map to find out where it was.
But yeah, I mean, this city and Philadelphia,
I felt that they had really
embraced that role as fans like and you hear it from behind you like send fedora coach two goals
down or things are a little hairy send up a look you hear them in the back and they support you
and they you know how many fights were you getting in like the first few years in philly
i looked to try and get in a fight every game
that was my i was trying to get we'll be prepared to get in a tilt every game so you're ready to go
and um every game yeah if they had a guy then the only time you took that night off or that
preparation off is when you knew nobody was dressed so then you could play you know you
could try try and play a little bit you try to play at the blue
line and then you get benched so much for that yeah what you don't get it out you don't get it
out once in the first period or first couple of shifts you're just going to be go grocery
sticking and be sitting and watching and cheerleading so that's the way it was coming
and you didn't get you didn't get minutes to get better you got mistake free hockey and if you if you mess that up or you don't work on
in practice if you're not ripping rims at the practice next day if you don't get it on the wall
20 30 extra after working on the wall work they're not going to see you and keep you around if you
don't get it out and you get sat that's just that's the way it was back then i don't know if
it's like that now so the lockout year you end up going back to the minors and playing with like the carter and the richards as that that type of movement was coming
in and you did correct get the opportunity to win a calder cup yeah we won the calder cup the year
the lockout second round that was i wouldn't play that game that the one game we had against you
what was it you guys had like a dude so we were you guys just shit the bed we were down. You guys just shit the bed. We were down 3-1 in the series, and we had a game in Philly,
and we had beaten Bingo in the first round.
Bingo crushed every record that year.
They had Sveta, and Philly was good.
They were good all year, and then they had Carter and Richards come,
and so we're down 3-1, but we're up 4-0 in the second period of Game 5.
So, you know, force of Game 6 here.
We're going home.
You never know.
Ding, ding, ding, ding.
We lost 8-4 or 7-4.
It was the biggest shit kicking.
And usually when a season ends, you know, at the end of the game,
however it happens, the coaches are like, good season.
You know what I mean?
That was just like, you motherfuckers.
It was basically like an end of the season.
Like we had a game the next day.
He was like, okay, see you later.
And then the coaches meetings a few days after that.
Real hate.
That team was so good.
You guys were so good that when those two came, it was like, all right,
I don't think anyone's going to be able to stop these guys.
My boy, Freddie Meyer, was on D.
You had so many players.
I mean, it's an NHL all-star roster.
Dennis Seidenberg, Yoni Pickenen,
Antero Nidamaki, he's a starting goalie.
Litzy, legend, back up a little.
Patrick Sharp.
John Sim.
John Sim, who's a...
John Slaney.
John Slaney.
You know my team.
He was still using Wood Twig.
You never forget the guys you play with.
He was.
He did Wood Twig, big big defensemen lumbering around.
And I think somebody every time, like, somebody chirped me.
He's like, guy scored the winning goal in World Juniors.
Don't chirp him.
So as big as a bummer is, you know, the fact that there's a lockout,
you're not playing the NHL.
They're just spending, you know, the better part of two, three years there.
Was it like because the team was good, was it bearable?
Or were you still like, oh, fuck, this ain't the same?
No, I was a rookie for the first five years of my career.
So going down in a lockout was not a surprise.
Like, literally, if I didn't show up in rookie camp, in camp, it was like, well, why aren't you here?
Well, I've been in the league for three years, guys.
You just had to do that.
You had to be the guy there.
And I don't know where I was going with this.
What was the question you were asking? Well, just about being back down in You had to be the guy there. And I don't know where I was going with this. What was the question you were asking?
Well, just about being back down in the minors in the NHL.
But on the flip side, you have this unreal wagon.
And then all of a sudden, I think it was close to playoffs
because Junior was over.
And then Richards and Carter ended up signing.
And then you get that injection into the playoff squad.
Yeah, that was cool.
I've never seen anything like that in hockey
where two guys come in.
We were on a run.
Nobody was worried about where they were inserted to the lineup,
but we weren't expecting them to go 1-2 down the middle.
Yeah, people were like, these guys are good, but it's still a high-level league.
How good are they going to be?
It was like, oh, boy.
And they came in.
It was Providence, I think, they came in at.
Or maybe sooner. I'm not sure when they came in it was providence i think they came in at and um or maybe sooner i'm
not sure when they came in the memory and uh and uh it was it was richie we've seen the lineup and
nobody batted an eye nobody nobody questioned it we you were just on that which was odd for that
period of time because like usually when guys came up like they had to like fill in roles and
like earn that spot so especially given the fact you'd had had a good team already these guys
go first second line center and and that's cool that you guys were able to embrace that well i
think it has to go to the first game that they played with us too i don't know the stats or
anything but i just know that if they didn't have if they wouldn't have played to a certain level or
caliber then there would have been problems right but they came in
and they played full stride they were studs man they were studs and then that's when we really
started believing like we're gonna we're going all we're gonna win this thing like the whole way
it's so true because you're great guys too if these first round picks come in and they're top
they're thrown in the top two lines and maybe the guy who was playing first line centers bumped down
he's like what the fuck can these guys do all of a sudden richard's toe drag goal next shift carter fucking
snipe bar down you're like uh okay there's nothing you can say yeah what are you gonna do and richie's
richie's a leader too man like this guy there's leaders in this game and i i i didn't get that
much time to play with him but the time i did get to play with him, I really enjoyed him as a young player.
And I liked the way that he carried himself.
It was different, but it wasn't bad.
He did things his way, and that's what you want leaders to do.
You want to follow the guys that kind of,
this is the way that we want to do it.
And he had the team, you know what I mean, in those later years.
And I liked him as a player. I liked him those later years. And I liked him as a player.
I liked him as a player, and I liked him as a teammate.
He was a good guy.
Are you surprised that Justin Williams is still playing?
I know he was 18 when he broke down.
Mr. Game 7, he was so lippy when I started.
He was 19.
Cocky.
Cocky, and rightfully so.
But I got in a lot of tilts for that kid early on.
So he helped my fighting career.
But, hey, that's what it's about.
He was a small guy, and he was playing in an era where 250 was,
I was the only one 250, but 220, 230.
That's why they call you the fridge.
That's why they call me the fridge.
And Willie came in, and this kid just wins.
He's just a winner, man man like even pool or ping pong anything
you got the you got him you got him on the ropes you got eight balls left willie i'm kicking your
ass and then he'd clean the table on you and and then chirp you just went and chirping
he's like you fucking loser just won all the time things like that yeah he's a special player too
you shared the
locker room with uh mr styles himself jeremy roenick for a couple years did he leave any
oxygen for the rest of years or what no but i i learned how to have a good time and play this
game with jeremy roenick you know you can have you can have a good time and you should have a
good time and you should have the boys together without brass around and you know at the bar and you got to do that stuff and he was good about
that because he did it right you know what i mean he'd plan it and he'd set it up and he'd make sure
that all the guys knew about it and all the guys were there and we were in a setting and yeah he
was really good at stuff like that and there was older guys too like jr had a thing where he'd like to play his own way
and when he came in and rex and enrico de jardin you know he bought in as well to the system there's
a lot of veterans on that team and and he bought in he played some good hockey for us man but
that was fun man with jr you you played you know you're you're up and you're you're having a lot
of success doing what you did for the Flyers.
And then 0-4-0-5, you spent pretty much the whole year in the AHL.
Was that like hard for you or was it, did it not come as a surprise after camp?
I think it was, I think it was more about like, I was in the NHL.
We were locking out and I'd become a scab, right?
Like they were like, you were worried about, I didn't care about that.
I was young enough. I needed to keep playing. So I didn't care about that. I was young enough.
I needed to keep playing.
So I didn't care about that.
And I wasn't making any money then anyways.
I needed to play.
But, but I'm saying like, did they even question you going down there?
Cause of the time you'd spent before in the NHL?
Cause most of those guys weren't, were not even allowed to do that.
Right.
How did it come to fruition?
They asked, they asked me to play.
Yeah.
They asked, they asked me to play.
And I said, yeah, I'll sign an AHL contract. fruition they asked they asked me to play yeah they asked they asked me to play and i said yeah
i'll sign an ahl contract i wouldn't mind making some money and playing because i i was it was what
my third year and i couldn't afford a year off i was that's the peak years of your development if
you're gonna you know turn into something better and and i went down there and i started out kind
of rough because you know they said you know you're not down here to
fight and all this stuff and i was like okay yeah i'm gonna get the play and it was good i got third
line minutes second line minutes and i played a little bit but the first game zen and kanapka
comes and asks me to fight i'm like no get away from me a little later he's like come on man let's
go i'm like no and then three times three times i have a rule three times somebody guy if a guy
asked me to fight three times it it was like, that's disrespectful,
so I'd have to fight.
Because you say no twice, the guys, you know.
The trainer probably told him,
you should ask him three times.
Trainer set it up.
Three fight rule.
Three fight rule.
And then we went, and it was a good fight,
and so that started that,
but I was on the bench, and Freddie Meyer,
Freddie Meyer was on that team.
I was on the bench, and they sent a cl Meyer was on that team, I was on the bench,
and they sent a clapper,
we were on the power play,
they sent a clapper,
ripped it around,
and Freddie Meyer,
I watched his skate,
because he went onto the boards,
put the foot there,
and it just ramped off the toe,
and Riley Cote is in front of me,
one of the most intense guys you'll ever meet,
he's in front of me,
and I look past him,
around him,
and sure enough, bang, right here,
put a hole in my head about the size of a loonie.
And, yeah, first game busted my orbital or my sinus cavity up here.
And then Riley's sitting right beside me, and he's like,
he's really intense.
He's like, the dog just hit
you in the head man i'm like i'm in pain it hurt man i'm like i'm like yeah and he's like jimmy
jimmy's our trainer jimmy floor just got hit in the fucking head with a puck man right in the
fucking head i'm like miles quiet man like i fucking hurt her he's like he's gonna hit you
right in the fucking head square and i'm like like, yeah, man. There was a hole in my head.
Stop talking. It hurts.
So I go back into the room.
I'm getting geared down, and sure enough,
I'm lying on the trainer's table,
and Kote, half his gear down,
dude, that hit you right in the head,
man. Get away from me.
He cared. He cared.
But yeah, that's how my AHL
career started.
Lastly, I'm going to ask you about Philly before we move on to Anaheim, He cared. He cared. But, yeah, that's how my AHL career started. He was like the old school baseline test.
Yeah.
Lastly, I'm going to ask you about Philly before we move on to Anaheim,
which is where you played.
You guys had a fucking wagon that year.
Yeah.
Ken Hitchcock.
We get some funny impersonations of him.
I'm sure you saw some funny stuff out of him.
I think that's why I got traded. I think he caught me imitating him a couple times.
I had the assistant coach asking me to give him a little imitation.
The thing I did is I was weird, man.
I didn't have to pay attention.
No, you?
I didn't have to pay attention to the X's and O's, right?
I should have probably, but I didn't.
And I paid attention to the mannerisms of my coaches.
And Hitch had a few mannerisms that I just couldn't stop.
He had tiny hands, the smallest hands, and he'd flex his cuffs.
Before every meeting, he went through a routine.
He'd flex his cuffs, and guys are going to be laughing.
He'd flex his cuff, he'd wrap his tie, and he'd hit the cooler.
He had a little thing.
He did it all the time, and he wiggled when he walked.
He had a little he had a little thing he did it all the time and he wiggled when he walked he had a funny walk and johnny john leclaire and and jr my my book ends and i was in the corner
stall and i used to do this all the time and these guys they couldn't keep a straight face anytime
hitch walked around that corner they'd have to start the meeting with their heads down like this
and i'd be like johnny jr get your heads up coach is in here they just giggled all the time it was just funny and i just that was kind of the thing that year
is imitate hitch a lot and but you know what you know in his defense he was a good coach like as
from an exes and all those guys you learned more under him and i appreciate it yeah you're very
prepared but at the end of the day,
you're just a miserable first place team.
That's what it was like.
He just wore on you and he wore his welcome everywhere he went.
I'm not taking away from his credibility as a coach.
He's a good coach, but maybe not the best guy, you know,
maybe not the best with his social skills and stuff like that.
And maybe that was part of his tactics, you know, because he pissed tactics you know because he pissed guys off you're talking about the type of coach
you're you've won eight in a row and you think you're gonna be going to the rink and it's you
know you guys are gonna be laughing and snapping the puck around but no it's just like it's it's
very tense and and Sutter was the same way in in LA and it eventually you know wore on guys and
I feel like I feel like Tortorella is a is an older school guy who was able to adapt,
at least a little bit in that sense.
Yeah, I agree.
Adapt is the key word because you're not changing the guys.
You adapt with the game.
And Tort, I think he's done a tremendous job
because he's one of those guys that was a tough love guy.
I never had him as a coach, but I played in Tampa with those guys,
and Marty St. Louis and LeCavity spoke volumes of him.
Yeah, he gets in your face and yeah
it might not be the way but he's honest and he's he's fair with you i've heard so it did you guys
didn't mind it when he razzed on you you know in those times now it's it's not the same way and i
think he's changed the tune a little bit well speaking of grumpy coaches then you had randy
collisle in anaheim for a couple years how was your relationship with him how'd you get how'd you hear about the trade there and stuff how did that all go down to get in Anaheim for a couple years. How was your relationship with him?
How did you hear about the trade there and stuff?
How did that all go down to get to Anaheim?
Oh, and that was in the summer.
Clarkie called me.
So what happened with that, I found out later that Hitch wasn't good with younger players, right?
And I think Clarkie in the time, it was time for me to try and get some minutes and develop, right?
And I don't think they seen eye to eye on that. And Clarkie made the decision to trade me out west to Anaheim.
I think Berkey was trying to build a certain style out there
and was looking for certain players.
I mean, you look at that team, a lot of us were Western players
and played with a certain edge and a certain level of grit.
And, yeah, that's why I think that happened.
So I got a shot with
berkey man he gave me a good shot and you know right when i got there he said look i want i want
to play like the bullies i want this is what he said he wanted to instill a style of hockey that
was rough and rugged and in your face and i he kind of gave me the reins with that so i was i
took that on full board i think i was ready at that time in my career so that's how that trade
went down but You also had
Teemu Solani, man. Was he maybe the
most talented teammate you ever had? I know you had quite a
few of them. He's awesome. He's
the happiest guy I've ever played with.
He's a happy man and
I enjoyed the game. That was a
great comeback
from him because that lockout year, he had
to recoup his knee. I think
a couple years before, he was under Granado on the fourth line with peter orel and going downhill and that year he recouped
and came back and was flying he had that step where he could get away from guys and randy carlisle
and him always had it out but in a fun way randy carlisle was a good coach you know early on it
was he was a rookie season and he was feeling his. He had a lot of good veterans. Todd Marchand and Scotty Niedermeyer, both Niedermeyer brothers.
And then he had some young studs too.
I find it interesting.
So you go from this dynamic of where these two young studs
drafted in the first round come up to Philadelphia,
and now you're playing with two other guys in a similar situation
in Getzloff and Perry.
And you get to see these guys early on as well.
Very similar in just the way they came in.
I mean, there were already guys in Anaheim that had that older presence,
like the Scotty Niedermeyers and those guys.
But similar in a transition where all of a sudden these young guys
are all of a sudden the guys.
Yeah, and it happened quick too.
Like, Getzey and Perry came in and they were our leading goal scorers.
Like, right away, right out of the gate.
Like, first 15 games in.
So they're leading
your team we're on a road trip and and i think they were actually leading our team points one
and two and berkey sends them down after they come to rinks with new cars so ketsy came yeah this is
this is a great story it's probably something that should happen for every player some some guys are
like everyone should spend time in the myers These guys, maybe you can blue light them.
I mean, they were good, but you know what?
Probably turned out pretty good for them because they didn't go down for a little stint.
They went down for a good month.
They rode the bus.
They put in their time, and it was probably the best thing for them.
You don't see it like that, but, I mean, we were even questioning it too.
Like, whoa, they're leading our team in scoring.
We need these guys.
Can you keep them here?
And he's like, well, everyone needs to stand in the minor.
And Berkey's kind of like that.
And it worked out good for them.
I mean, look at the players they are today.
But I got the opportunity to play with them, man.
It was good because they were so young.
And the lines were kind of set.
And I don't know if it was that they were tentative, but they were 18-year-old kids.
So the protection factor, I think, helped them play.
I just said, you guys can do whatever you want out here.
Nobody's going to do anything.
Nobody's going to touch you.
As long as you put 15 off my ass,
you guys can do whatever the fuck you guys want.
I'm trying to get 10 goals.
I got a side bet with Tamo that I'm going to get 10,
and he's going to take me to dinner in a limo with a fucking hat on and everything to his own restaurant to his own restaurant that's
exactly what the deal was if i scored 10 and we made this deal and i had seven and halfway through
the year no you didn't get it i didn't get no i ended up with seven he was probably the most point
he was probably paying perry and getzlaff to stop putting him off your arse. Yeah, exactly.
I had a lot of third assists inside our blue line.
Instead, you had to go caddy for him.
Yeah, exactly.
No, those guys were good, man.
I had a good season with those.
And you know what?
I learned to play a little bit better because they were just so skilled, man.
It was fun to play with those guys.
I think you might be the only Twitter avatar out there that's an x-ray of somebody's skull, which is your own.
You've got to tell us the story behind that.
I mean, you can make out some of the screws in there, too.
I should have ducked is the story.
That was just, that's my hardware, man.
I'm proud of that shot.
People think I'm crazy for liking that and going through that,
and that's bullshit, man.
I put it all out there for my teammates and got hurt and tried
to get back on the horse and just kept going that's what we do and if you're willing to sacrifice
there's a lot of honor in that and i think my teammates always appreciated that and and even
even biz you know what it's like what was the final result of that that whole injury if you
could describe it like in doctor's terms oh so this injury was
broken orbital blown or no blown out orbital broken cheekbone zygomatic arch and uh i think
eye socket so i don't know what the eye and who threw the punch derrick bugard oh six seven 275
pounds but he didn't punch from he he had to punch from here, not here.
So it was awkward fighting a guy like that.
And I put myself in a bad position.
I was wide open.
And I tried to come back with a back fist.
I knew I was vulnerable,
and I tried to come at him with a back fist
to keep him from throwing.
Because just a tap to the face will stop him.
But I was coming this way.
He was coming this way. to the face will stop him but i was coming this way he was coming this
way and the face broke so i that when that happened i didn't get knocked out but i you
instantly know if you bust your nose you're like yeah okay something's wrong i knew something was
wrong and i touched my face and there was i forget who the line mate was he was in a lot of my fights
and he loved the way i fought he's an older guy guy, and he's like, oh, Fridgie.
Mayday?
Scampiello?
Oh.
No, it might have been Mayday.
Mayday.
But he was there in a lot of them, and he said, ooh, Fridgie, you're hurt.
And I knew I was hurt that time.
And I went by their bench, and Bronco Radovojevic actually played with me in Philly.
So we were close, and he was kind of chirping me like, ah, Fridgie, you got caught there.
Played with me in Philly.
So we were close and he was kind of chirping me like,
ah, Fritchie, you got caught there.
And as I went closer to their bench,
the smiles of elation from the loss from me,
their faces kind of dropped because they're like,
you could see it was indented.
That's when I knew I was like, oh, man.
You're like, you're going off the ice and people are like, oh.
I'm like, what's wrong, guys? the doctor right now though dude hey whoever did the
work think about it yeah quick plug we wanted a free swipe up i can't remember his name dr
vinnie boombuds i can't remember his name but uh he was in anaheim that doctor he passed on now but
yeah he he fixed me up and so in the in the ambulance right to the hospital or did you know there do you remember
no i was in minnesota so what happened is i went in the back their doc came in and i i started
blowing my nose so my sinuses had came out of my nose right and he's like don't do that
and i was trying to get the pressure off and he just trying to touch it and he's like
you need to go to the hospital
so we went to the hospital spent the night in the hospital they didn't do anything loaded me up with
drugs and then we had to fly back so we flew back to anaheim so no more pressure on your fucking
face it was a fucking lovely flight with the trainer skahan came with me and he was awesome
man he was awesome because he was mad at anybody that was getting in our way, slowing us down.
He's like, get out of the way.
We got to get this guy on the plane.
He just, he did all that.
And I remember that.
I remember because I was in a lot of pain, man.
And I had to take that flight and get back to Anaheim.
Was that the first and only time you ever fought Bugar?
No, I fought him before.
And I thought I did pretty good against him.
I thought I won that one.
He came out of his jersey and stuff, but'd fought him before that earlier was that your toughest injury
as a pro or as in yeah that was the worst one i'd never been i was never the same after that one i
had broken this side against karen's earlier in my career in philly he broke this side with the
left karen's is a big big puncher man yeah yeah and i i put him yeah good
man too real good man when you say you weren't the same like and we talked about this over this this
weekend is yeah when you you come in this new fighter you have this spunk about you and you're
like raring to go did after that surgery and everything that you've gone through did you kind
of question whether you wanted to even keep doing it anymore or you just knew you had to but the the passion wasn't there no the passion was there when it
was about it was about earning a living like i had to prove that this injury wasn't going to
stop me i was only 26 so i was young and i had a lot of years left and my body was healthy it was
just my face so i was it wasn't it wasn't that i didn't want to do it I knew I had to do it to earn a living
and keep earning money you know I want I had more years left but I knew that at any like I
taking another shot there I could lose my eye and you know so that that goes through your head you
know you don't want to lose your eye and you don't you don't want at some point you got to draw the line right and i just didn't i had too much years left i didn't i didn't have like
money money in the bank and those those come into play you know and i tried to get back on the horse
you know i just said you know what the only way to if you fall off a horse get back on it and
i was never the same i could i was always protective of the injury. And I talked with a couple doctors, like, what could happen?
And you got to tip your hat to the docs.
They're never going to tell you you're never going to be able to do it.
If it's going to break, you mean you're fighting.
If it's going to break, it's going to break again.
But you got to start thinking about those things.
And I was always on defense after that.
So I never had the cowboy.
Like, I like to fight like a cowboy, get in a fight, take hits, give hits.
Somebody goes down, that's who wins.
But you get broken face, you can't take those hits anymore.
You got to worry about it.
I had kids at this time, so there's a whole other ballgame now coming into play.
So I was never the same fighter after that,
and it was a lot harder to get in fights too
because guys would ask me when I'd ask them,
are you sure?
What about your face?
Oh, no, yeah.
Yeah, and they didn't want to do it themselves,
and I would be like, I have to fight him.
This is my job, man.
I have to show up.
Those were the tough years.
Those were the toughest years for me.
I went back from Anaheim, went a first-place team
where we knew we were going to win the cup that year
in October, man.
We knew and we believed that and I got injured and ended up getting traded back to
Philadelphia to like, I was the worst year in Philadelphia's history that year. So first to
worst is like, that's kind of the worst thing you can do. And the year before that, of course,
Anaheim made a bit of a run. I know you played in 12 playoff games yourself. And when we were
talking this week, you said Anita Meyer said something interesting in the locker room before the year they ended up winning it.
Right when you guys got beat out.
Yeah.
And it kind of it was a great statement because it sent us into the summer hungry.
Like we knew something was going on this summer and we were all charged.
And he was he didn't say a lot.
And you often hear about the
guys that don't say much and when they do say something you perk up and scotty was one of those
guys and he just said like we were a really young team the owners were new coaches were and when i
say new it's the first time this these owners of samuelis had owned a team right berkey was his
first time in anaheim as a GM. Coaching, first time.
And we're a young team.
So he's just like  and we thought we should have beat Edmonton that year.
We figured we should have beat them.
They had Pronger, correct?
They had Pronger.
They had gotten a couple key wins at the right time. And we still felt we could beat them.
We were the better team.
And he just said it.
I don't remember word for word, but it was somewhere along the lines like you know you don't choose to win the cup the cup chooses you
and you have to sometimes be patient and wait for that time but you can't falter and you can't shake
I believe like a lot of you that you this year should have been our year but that's just the
way this goes and we can't change that going into next year.
And that's all he said.
On to the summer.
So all we were doing was like, it wasn't our time, but we're not done.
So that's what we went into the summer with.
And we came back and come October, then things started happening in the summer.
I mean, we got Pronger.
And then when you get, you're on a team and you have all those parts and then you get
bing, bing, bing.
You know?
Yeah, and that was Pronger.
We had Pronger and Niedermeyer as our one-two.
Come on.
Those guys are studs.
They're legends.
How crushed were you when you got traded after you got hurt?
You got to think like you finally  you feel like you're part of this team
and you've experienced winning a Calder Cup
and now you're this close to a Stanley Cup cup and did you did you feel let down when they
let you go give it given the fact that it was after you got injured fighting for that team and
defending those guys i i did but i think that the way that it went i did i was upset yeah i i
especially when they won like i watched every game i tortured myself I watched every game. I tortured myself. I watched every game. Yeah, we get that in common.
You're right.
It's the worst, especially when you're close with those teammates, man.
And I was close with those guys, a lot of them.
It sucked, man.
It sucked.
Who'd you get traded for again?
Wasn't it Peros?
Well, I know.
I think I got traded for a pick or something like that because it was Peros,
and Thornton was down in the minors with the team.
And Berkey needed to play a certain way.
So I could understand the trade.
I don't understand why it happened as soon as it did.
Like I was still in the hospital when I got traded.
Really?
I just got out that day actually.
Yeah.
So they knew the injury and everything.
Yeah, that's odd.
Do you think maybe get another shot before he sends you back in?
Well, maybe some things were said between the doctor and somebody.
Who knows?
Because he told my wife that I'd never play again.
I mean, the injury was bad.
He said he's had car accidents worse than this.
So he was probably looking out for my whatever.
It doesn't matter.
But I got fucking traded traded and i didn't like
it at all but you know what when i when i i understood after the fact because the team
played a certain way and they needed to continue to play that way because it gave them success
so you know peros came in and i remember shaking his hand when i seen him in there i said take care
of my boys man and that was kind of how i left it and he's like i'm happy to be playing because i think he got sent down or something or
he was going up and down between uh colorado and whatnot so that's kind of how that went it was
awkward man because he was in the dressing room when i went in the dressing room to get your shit
to get my shit yeah so and i was still injured and stuff and Yeah, and that's fine. You've got to play this way and go get it, boys.
I'll watch.
You actually went from Philly to Philly from Anaheim for a fourth rounder.
Yeah.
That's what it was.
Were you at least happy to be  sorry to interrupt you.
Were you at least happy to be going somewhere that you were at least familiar with
given that you'd just experienced this awful injury,
which you don't know what the ending result is going to be.
You get traded away from all your buddies.
You think you got a chance to win the cup.
But at least I'm going home where they love me and the fan base enjoys me.
Yeah, and I think that's probably what the case was.
Like, I mean, you got to think that these guys that are in control of our lives,
they have a little place in their hearts for us.
And I think with my relationship with the flyers i mean these
guys were very good to me they gave me a shot in more ways you know so um it was probably and my
wife was from the area so it was good that we had we came back to this if we were going to go
anywhere why not go or you know you're kind of familiar that's i guess a positive out of it yeah
you ended up playing in minnesota for a little bit as well.
I want to ask about Jacques Lemaire, Hall of Fame player,
coached over 1,200 games.
I think he's one of the most underrated coaches in the last 30 years.
What was your experience like with him?
Well, if you can't listen to a guy that has a cup on every finger on the ring,
then you're not a fucking hockey player.
And Lemaire got the good guys to play like grinders,
and he got the grinders to play like skilled guys.
And I think he got the most out of his players,
and I really enjoyed my time with Jacques Lemaire.
I thought he was the best coach I'd ever played under.
No shit, huh?
By far, I thought he was the best coach I'd played under.
And I think it was the way that he motivated guys.
And he said at one time, he ultimately comes down to love.
So he said, you really have to be a good coach.
You have to love your players like they're your own.
And to get the most out of them, you've got to know them like that.
And that was something that I wasn't used to hearing in the tough old world of hockey.
But I respected it, man, because he had us prepared.
And the way he approached the game.
He was a mad scientist.
He had different ways of doing things.
He was a good coach.
What was the longest term deal you signed as a pro?
Three years.
Three-year deal?
Was that Phoenix?
Phoenix, yeah.
Don Maloney gave me a shot.
Don Maloney gave me a shot there.
Three million bucks over three years.
The big deal for a tough guy.
You make the million-dollar mark.
Million a year.
There was only two guys that did it before me,
and it was Donald Brashear and Ty Domi.
Ty Domi set the stage for us.
But he put up 20 goals and stuff.
Yeah, he said Pat Burns was a big reason for that
and allowed him to play and really embrace not know, embrace not only the fighting aspect,
but the fact that he was going to be playing with some decent players.
And like you said, the one year he backed it up offensively.
Yeah, he did. He did.
So guys, you know, I put in enough time, but I was still injured.
So I look back at it now and I got to think that that's kind of the way hockey
takes care of the game, the players.
Sometimes like I probably, if you look at that from an investment point i was i was damaged goods then i still got
that deal so that's what i was gonna say is you actually had a good year in mini though to get
that deal after all the injury had happened all the injuries and that's i think that's lamar like
i i got the chance to play and and i probably some good karma coming my way but uh it worked
out i got the call from gretzky i was on how about this like i'm from edmonton right you got And I probably some good karma coming my way, but it worked out.
I got the call from Gretzky.
I was on.
How about this?
Like, I'm from Edmonton, right?
You got to understand this.
Like Wayne Gretzky calling anybody is cool.
But Wayne Gretzky calling me being from Edmonton, being from Redwater.
I was smitten.
I was smitten.
We were on the beach in Avalon.
I was with my family.
And I know it was free agency so it was like
a couple days after free agency as they trickled down to me right i wasn't being the guy signing
the first day in free agency leftovers and then uh he's like yeah hello this is uh wayne gretzky
and i went like this i stood up to my family i was like shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up. Everyone shut the fuck up. It's way too late. How are you doing, Mr. Gretzky?
Your dad's like, fuck off.
Yeah, yeah.
And he's like, well, it looks like we just signed you
and welcome to the team.
And, you know, we're looking forward to having you out in Phoenix.
Where are you?
And I was like, yes.
He goes, yeah, you're from Edmonton.
So he touched on Edmonton a little bit.
And it's funny because Timmy Kerr actually owns a real estate company down
there so I signed my first like million dollar my ticket that's my ticket three million three years
over three million that's that was my ticket and I signed it in his office and it was pretty cool
you know I went to got to go to Phoenix and it was it's beautiful city man for you the last
professional season it was probably I don't know if it was unusual for you, but
you played for a former teammate in Rick Talkett.
Yeah.
What was that relationship like?
Did it change at all?
Did he respect your game?
He sat me for fucking 10 straight games.
Another.
No, it was good.
Talkett's another one of those guys.
It was his first year as the head coach, so I don't know what happened the year before
and whatnot,
but I enjoyed playing.
Toc was a guy that I looked up to as a player.
I got to play with him as well and played under him in Tampa.
But by that time, it was nearing the end of my career.
Adam Oates was there, and I did a lot of work with him off ice and stuff like that, but he couldn't save this guy.
He gave me another career, man.
I was too far
gone oh so you've debunked adam oats and what he could do as players yeah congratulations yeah
it's oats is like i can work with anything but then i saw that it's fucking i'm not a miracle
worker here he just he was just like maybe it's time maybe it's time you're done maybe it's time
to think about doing other things so you actually i was gonna ask though you kind of knew that was it i mean you've been through so much well
yeah 10 games in a row damaged goods i was 29 years old you know it's tough though man it's
so young you know and all of a sudden it's over well yeah and well yeah i do done some shit to
deserve that but you know made some bad choices and shit and they bought me out they bought out
my contract so that that's how
that ended you didn't even get the whole three million i didn't get the whole three million but
you know what i i i wasn't i wasn't the responsible player i was fucking around off the ice and well
like we didn't really touch on that much and like you know we have a a decent sized platform here
and we think it's an important message you've been 10 years sober now yeah congratulations that's like that's incredible and of course we've mentioned on the podcast before that's like an
everyday battle but you know what was it like trying to balance this like this career while
while going through these these wild ups and downs and and you know where it brought you yeah well
early on there's a whole story to this but but early on, it was the teammates that embraced, you know, me being sober in Philadelphia.
And I was 20 years old.
So you're supposed to start drinking when you're 21 in the States.
And I was done.
I was fully done by 20.
So I kind of approached the team and put it all out there.
And they were more supportive than I had ever imagined.
So, like, if there's times when you need to get away,
not ever a problem.
Like, I was the ninja dust king, so...
Yeah, yeah.
And they let me just get away, so...
But in Tampa, it just, it progressed, you know.
I relapsed over a couple years before that,
and it just, it got to the point in Tampa
where, you know, it was bad,
and I had to walk away from the game, so... Yeah, I and I had to walk away from the game.
I didn't have to walk away from the game. My contract was bought out, but I didn't seek to find
another contract at all. I had to work
on some things and
I had to take a year to really
try and get my shit back together, man. There's a lot
more to lose when you've got kids and a
wife and a life that you built up and a
reputation. In all
honesty, I made the choice to pick that shit up
and get back in that, and it fucking takes things from you,
you know, slowly.
So it took my career for me, and you know what?
I made it right and got the help that I needed to get.
Good for you.
Good for you, man.
Hey, that's the part of it that you got to get to a place
where you can reach out for help, man.
If it gets dark and deep for guys, you always have somebody that you gotta you gotta get to a place so you can reach out for help man if it gets dark and deep for guys you always have somebody that's around you with you got
your teammates or whoever it is man you got to talk well you got to reach out for help it's not
a weakness at all it's strength when you're down there and you need to fucking ask for help
takes a lot of strength and courage to fucking build up that that little bit of juice you need
to say i got a fucking problem and i need some help so i think this would be a good time to mention your wife who we,
you know,
we talked about,
she stuck by you during these difficult times.
You have three beautiful kids out of it.
You're going to fucking get me crying biz.
Buddy,
this is what this podcast,
you know what,
right?
Like you,
like you,
it is a brotherhood and,
and it is emotional.
And I think that a lot of guys have been through these ups and downs and some
of them are still on the downs.
And I think the conversation is important
because there's a lot of people out there who looked at you
like you were this bigger than the world thing.
And knowing that you also went through those types of things
helps them to normalize it and get the help they need.
Yeah, we have a fucking high-octane lifestyle.
We've got to go.
We've got to release. We've got to release.
We've got to relieve ourselves, and that's part of the nature of the things that we do.
We operate where very few people can operate, and things get fucking hairy, and things can get broken, and things can go sideways.
It's the nature of the business that we play, and some guys turn to things that they're not supposed to turn to. And I was one of those guys.
And that's very prevalent in our game.
It's very prevalent in society now.
And it's worse than the pandemic that we're in, I think.
This is something we've got to deal with at a societal level.
But you talk about my wife and my family and having somebody that's there for you.
That just means the world.
Yeah.
It just makes you.
Sometimes in life you just get that.
You get a little gift from the big man upstairs,
and she was one of those people for me.
So she's somebody that makes me better on a daily basis.
Yep.
Sticking by somebody that's going through shit like that
and just wanting to be better is all
she wanted so you know i i tried 10 years is a is a nice little chip on the shoulder to say you
know i put that bottle down but on a daily basis i don't i don't regret for one second or or
you know i don't look back on the fact that i'm not a fucking lucky man to have a woman like that
in my life and that's that's part of it man there's a lot of people and a lot of women that
tuck tail and leave and they have every right to do that you know we we fuck things up and we get
mixed up with the shit and she stayed by me and i gotta tip my hat to her man because i know a
thousand people that just quit on me already so i was going to say it's so much easier to quit and just be like, that's it, you know, and to stick by you.
I can't imagine the work you guys went through and what you've done and she's done.
So that's just amazing to hear because in a business when you do talk about brotherhood and people that mean so much to you,
whether you play with them or not, a lot of times you see guys who are doing this single,
they're going through this stuff alone.
So it's like to have her there, that's really special to hear.
I'm really happy for you.
Yeah, and the family's most important and things like that.
But even our fraternity too, there's some guys out there
that are always going to need somewhere to go and somebody to call,
and I'll give you my fucking number in a heartbeat.
I think people would love to take
it in there and done that fridge we want to thank you for for joining us if there's anything you
wanted to mention i know you want to mention somebody's wife's store or something yeah
there's a couple things i want to mention even when we're talking about sobriety and
you know like what i'm doing now my job my job now is like i work on the front lines with these guys i work with a detox out of
new jersey and you know the ceo brooks brooksie has become a really good friend and we have
like-minded approach to this and this is a 90 a 10 medicine thing and a 90 human thing and that
90 human thing is if you know and you've been there and you've come back
from that that's what helps these guys and i never fucking would have thought i'd be working
with these people on a daily basis and and i just believe that i'm what that's what i'm here to do
so i'm always there for that guy that needs that little shot of hope to get out of that space
because it's fucking can be real dark and a lot of people fucking die on a daily basis because of
this thing so yeah i'm appreciative of that.
And what was the question, though?
Well, just any type of
Oh, yes.
Dennis Seidenberg.
We were rookies together.
I want to tell a story about Dennis.
Okay.
He'll probably get pissed at me.
He's not working with the Islanders.
This was my fault.
Yes, he is.
He is.
So this is a very respectful story, if we all know.
Yep.
You know?
Lou will come out.
And if it's not, we'll just edit it out.
Yes, and I didn't even want to say his name.
You said it.
So that's on you.
Lou's listening in the top room right now.
Yeah.
It was funny because it was with Justin Williams and myself and Dennis Seidenberg.
He's still married to Rebecca, the same woman.
Dennis is still married to, or not Dennis,
Justin's still married to Kelly.
I'm still married to my wife.
And this was our first trip.
We were young, you know, having fun.
We took the jet skis out.
We were in the Bahamas in Nassau.
And we went on this little island.
We weren't supposed to be there,
but we decided to race back.
So I was on mine with my wife.
Kelly and Justin had their own, and Dennis and Becky had theirs.
So we get on, all three of us at the same time.
It's just hit the gas and go, right?
So we're like, you guys ready?
You guys ready?
Bang.
We take off.
It's me and Willie.
We look back.
Dennis started.
Willie started yelling, yeah, you can't get going.
They couldn't get going at all. We just tucked tailed and went we didn't look back raced all
the way back we get to shore we look back on on the on the water we're like ah they must have
stopped and messed around or something go up to the hotel room figure they're gonna go to their
room four hours later we go down for dinner and we're like have you seen Dennis and Becky
their jet ski broke down
they got stranded on an island it wasn't
even a fucking tree on it there was just a little
branch four hours in the
sun they fucking sat on a
stranded island because their thing didn't break down
we didn't even think to look back so you pressed gas
and didn't even look again no we were racing
I'm not going to look to the guy behind me I'm going
that way we talked about this brotherhood what the fuck's going on here yeah he's also a competitive
bastard trying to win a race that's true that's true so the reason the way they got off is like
some big yacht with like a beautiful hot tub like you know not it was a really nice shot and they're
like tiger and he's like tiger had some Perkins waitresses on his privacy.
We've seen him later for dinner that night, and they were lobster red, man.
We felt so bad.
But now saying that, he's so nice, he probably wasn't even that mad.
No, he's just like, ah, it's okay.
He's the nicest guy, man.
You know what?
He's a consummate professional.
This guy trained like a  if I was more like him, I'd still be playing.
If every guy was more like him, I'd still be playing.
He still works out like a machine.
He loves it.
He loves it.
You know what?
You got to like guys like that.
Yeah, he was an animal when he played here.
I wish I got to bump into him over the weekend.
And you wanted to mention his wife's store that she just started,
and that's a quick shout-out for them.
What's the name of it?
Yeah, it's Offsides.
Offsides, New. So they've got
online. It's a boutique store. She does things
by appointment and I think they got
some stuff. You can get the Bo Rat
Speedo bathing suits.
I'm sure you could get some pretty stuff there.
I mean, she's got some style biz
and I know you're one of those guys that likes
to wear nice shoes and stuff.
Yeah. Here are
my Bergen socks. Offsides New Yeah. Here are my Bergen socks.
Offsides of New York.
Socks and Birkenstocks on.
Yeah.
Fridge, thank you so much.
Just a great career and a great guy,
and I think everyone's going to really love listening to this.
Yeah, it was raw.
Thank you.
Good stuff.
Big thanks to Todd Fedora for joining us.
Not only did he join us for the show,
he schlepped all the way up here from New Jersey
with his buddy Dennis Seidenberg.
They took a ride up, so big thanks for him
for coming all the way up, man.
I mean, not everybody is willing to drive four hours
to come on this show.
We would have got Seidenberg on,
but he works for the Islanders,
and there's no chicken-dicks chance Lou's going to let him.
But hey, good for him.
He's got a great job.
I think he's doing player development.
I think he helps also guys when they're coming back from injury,
skate, get back into shape.
He's a tank.
He's a tank.
He looks like a guy who's like a sergeant in the Army.
Yeah.
Or he does hardcore parkour.
And what's the other one?
The one where they're doing all those exercises all the time
and lifting weights and throwing weights around.
CrossFit.
CrossFit.
CrossFit.
If you do CrossFit, you're nuts.
God bless you.
CrossFit people love to say they do CrossFit too.
My back.
My pussy and my crack.
Have you ever heard this?
Whit's been complaining about his fucking neck since I got here.
No, I got a rib out.
My body's such a mess.
Do you know I was checking in?
Actually, okay, so I was checking into a hotel in moscow and there or it was somewhere in russia i don't know exactly the city and and it was the song in the lobby playing like
lightly was my neck my back lick my pussy or or it was uh it might have, put it in my mouth. Oh, yeah, put it in.
It was one of those two.
Corey Emerton was there.
He'll back this up.
I like that.
That was the lobby music.
Oh, yeah?
Imagine.
That's a great segue, though, now that you mention it, boys,
because most guys have tried different ways to last longer.
Roman!
Thinking about cup champs doesn't always work.
The folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes,
the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, fast-acting,
and the best part, they don't require a prescription,
so you don't have to go on CVS and have your name called out
and have people look at you and say,
ah, he can't keep up over there.
You don't have to worry about that stuff.
Hey, I go quick.
Yeah, uh-uh.
Aisle seven.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to good to good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
You can get your first month of swipes for just 5
when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Did they add the good to good to good to go, or did you do that?
That's my homage to Boston's Bobby Brown.
Yeah, the old Bobby Brown song.
Which Bobby Brown?
Well, I know who Bobby Brown is, but I was thinking about my next question.
See, my brain was going somewhere else.
Because you mentioned today that, because we were talking about Boston,
the town had something special happen to it today.
Oh, R.A., I have to bring this up.
So we're going to open up the whole trip with the fact that I was brainwashed
and had to watch the town four times in a row with their shackled with my eyes open and now we're gonna end it so what was the story
the the story is he sent a tweet out to us of there's an oral history that came out because
it's 10 years since the town and now my only thing i have no offense because I know you're starting it. The town does not deserve an oral history.
Like, it was a very decent movie.
Well, I was intrigued by it.
That's why I asked him.
Did you think it was an unreal movie, R.A.?
Or did you even kind of admit it's a little?
No, I honestly, when I saw it, I wouldn't say skeptical.
I went in curious because, yeah, it's about your hometown.
And there's a potential that it could get screwed up real bad.
But when I come out of it, I was impressed with it.
I thought it was really a well-done movie.
It was very  I mean, Affleck did a great job with it,
and obviously I'm biased.
I'm in it.
It's my hometown.
But I really thought it was a great movie.
I thought it was very well done.
So you're basically acting like they're acting like it's Shawshank Redemption.
Yes, yes.
I think oral histories for movies
is like the Godfather Part 2
oral history. The Problem
Child oral history. You ever seen
that movie? The red-headed sick kid.
That movie's unreal. But I was just like
oral history for the town.
Well, that's a good question for our audience. Do you think
that the town is worthy of an oral history?
Let's put a poll up. Is the town worthy of an oral history?
What's the standard for an oral history? Let's put a poll up. Is the town worthy of an oral history? What's the standard for an oral history?
I mean, I've seen oral histories about anything online.
All you do is get people.
I've only seen it about very legendary things.
Remember you sent me the one on Caddyshack, Boogie Nights.
All right.
I didn't even know what the fucking oral history was,
so this is all I'm with.
Oral?
There are oral histories on fucking five-year-old commercials.
I think it's a 10-year anniversary anniversary and that's the biggest trigger to write
about anything on the internet these days.
Also in the acting field,
we need to talk about the fact that Jim Carrey is going to be playing Joe
Biden in this upcoming season of SNL.
Are they considered seasons?
Yes.
Okay.
Yes.
I listen.
I think Jim Carrey is funny and I think he's going to fucking nail it.
And that's,
that's a name that would draw me back into
watching Saturday Night Live. Yeah
I'm not sure I think if maybe the
hologram of John Belushi might be the only thing to get
me watching that show again and listen I've watched
it from the get go I've always liked it
I haven't swayed have a way for political
reasons I just don't think the show just doesn't make
me laugh anymore like it used to. That's
why I'm hoping Jim Carrey's injection
does. Yeah I mean it's still that's why i'm hoping jim carrey's injection does yeah i mean
it's still that's only one guy only one character i mean what it is is that those people write their
own skits that uh skit sketches what we want to call there's no use for that show well the
performers there are other there are other writers want performers but how you get on that show is
you write your own your own shit that ended the good stuff well back on the day rose to the top
uh it's a show like i
said i just don't find the fun anymore i wish i did i grew up on it it's one of the all-time
classic shows but even that jim carrey is biden it's like you know as much as i like jim carrey
and his work i don't know okay fair enough just dunked on you i know how about the block in that
fucking nba game that was the most amazing block I've ever seen in my life. I'm shouting
out basketball. Last night, Jason Tatum
went to slam.
I think he was trying to dunk
home the tying
horse. Three seconds left. They're down two.
Drives the lane. Listen to me
describe hoop. Goes up.
Boom. Like windmill. This
dude put his fingers. He must have the
strongest, longest fingers. He must have the strongest, longest fingers.
He must be unbelievable at getting girls going.
And he blocked this like 90 mile an hour dunk.
I'm serious.
You should visit.
I swear to God, it's the best block I've ever seen in my life.
It's insane.
Yeah, you're fucking selling it.
Old girl's friend.
You used to be with a girl and her friend would just block you.
Yeah, Heisman.
Get out of my way. There's a picture to it. I'm going to start. The guy's friend. You used to be with a girl and her friend would just block you. Yeah, Heisman. Get out of my way.
There's a picture to it.
I'm going to start.
The guy's hand's practically bent into the rim.
Yeah, it's nuts.
I don't know how that dunk didn't go.
It's double-jointed.
Definitely one of the best blocks ever.
So you're going to be on TNT next.
You're going to be joining the panel the way you're describing these basketball houses.
If I play golf.
You could make anything sound interesting, but I want to hear this golf story.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, go ahead. I just had a couple other news golf story. Oh, yeah. Okay, go ahead.
Oh, no.
I just had a couple other news items before.
Oh, okay.
We'll wait for that.
Yeah.
No, we usually finish with the golf.
Sure.
Big news in Washington.
They named Peter Laviolette their coach.
Oh, yeah.
It's believed to be a three-year deal.
He's still under contract with the Preds for next season for making two and a half mil,
but I guess the Caps are going to cover that as part of the deal.
Oh, nice of them.
Also, the Flames removed the interim tag from Jeff Ward,
so he's going to be the head coach in Calgary.
He signed a two-year deal, so he's probably going to be celebrating
with some nice Budweiser up in Canada, eh, Biz?
Oh, here we go, baby. I got the ad read.
Now, before I start reading, though...
Oh, no!
See, I don't need that.
Now you're nervous, anxiety.
You're kind of being like me on the golf course, bad teammate guy right now.
I'm going to start reading this and I'm going to explain exactly what we got going after.
And this is in quotation.
Time to stop your whining because sports is back.
I'm talking all the sports.
The NFL is back.
The Stanley Cup Finals are on.
Not a bad time to be a sports fan.
Our close friends at Budweiseriser and are doing something epic in honor
of the greatest month of sports ever we want to pay you to take a vacation to just watch sports
we call it the bud bubble an amazing place for you and your buds to bubble up and watch sports
all day every day free from distractions no work no dogs no responsibilities this place is sick
it's got a soaking tub your own gym a screening room where sports will be on 24 7 a personal chef
fuck i might even shove you in there with you'd be fucking laughing and all the nhl nfl and baby
blue jay swag you can imagine all dedicated to helping you watch sports with your buds.
And on top of it all,
you'll be paid cold,
hard cash.
That's right.
You and your friends are going to get paid to hang out and watch sports.
Not a big deal.
Get your buds and go to Budweiser.ca slash bud bubble.
Now to see how you can get into the bud bubble.
You should see how they spelled cold hard cash
so that he would read it cold hard cash.
No, I actually ad-libbed that because it said cold hard moolah
and it registered to my brain before I read it and I switched it.
At the fucking goal line, audible in an ad read.
Get out of here, you breath.
Is it bad?
Yeah, Terry.
Well, hey guys, this is with Budweiser obviously.
I think it's a cool concept
very similar to that cho thing i did and uh we've been promoting it all over our social channels
including mine so check it out and you get paid to hang out with some buddies and your own little
sports bubble and you know drink some buds do you promote stuff on your social channel shut the fuck
up how about that ad read though that was really No, you actually just read as well as I've ever seen you do.
I think I know what you did during quarantine, hooked on phonics.
Yeah.
No free ads.
Okay, yeah, quick story.
We'll wrap it up.
This story's been a little overblown now.
But it involves Wingfoot, and that's where this week's U.S. Open is being played.
It's an amazing course, two courses, but one of them, the West course, is where they play the U.S. Opens.
Now it just crushes guys, right?
It's the hardest course in the world, some people say.
So I'm going to leave the names out of the story because, you know, I don't want anyone to be offended or anything.
But I got two buddies.
One of them is a member at Wingfoot.
These two buddies, they're married to sisters, right?
So these two friends of mine, their father-in-law, their wife's father,
is a legend, unbelievable golfer, hilarious guy.
So he goes for a round at Wingfoot where the U.S. Open just crushes pro golfers,
and he gets to the third hole.
And the third hole at Wingfoot is this week, I think it's playing 240 par 3.
Right?
It's crushing.
It can kill you.
I don't know what it played in 1959, but that year, Billy Casper won the U.S. Open at Wingfoot.
A legend, Billy Casper, Hall of Famer.
And so when my friend's father-in-law gets up to the third hole the caddies are telling him
yeah so what happened here in the 59 us open is that billy casper laid up every single time he
played and made par all four rounds so he would lay up short of the green and then he'd hit a
wedge on and he buried the putt he's like i'm not trying to hit a unbelievably perfect shot and end
up making double bogey i'll just lay up and worst case i make bogey. I'll just lay up and worst case, I make bogey.
Well, he made par all four times.
So they tell my friend's father-in-law the story and he's like, oh, cool.
Well, this guy's sick at golf.
He gets up there and hits an absolute fucking bullet
right at the pin.
Bink, bink, in.
Hole in one, third hole.
Toughest par three on the course.
What does this legend proceed to do?
Running down the fairway
screaming billy casper can suck my dick so all respect to billy casper i think billy casper
thought of as a hero and a legend but to be told that this hall of famer laid up every round and
then to ace it yeah i think that if i
had been there i would have been crying laughing so that's a good wing foot story but i'll say
right now i've played this course should be a great week and there'll be some really high scores
we should play a sandbagger there i don't think they'd ever let us do that but if they did we
would get murdered i don't know but i'm looking forward to watching it so well that was great
great short golf talk i'm sure the fans will
love that. Alright. Sounds good.
Alright, gang. That wraps up another episode.
Everybody, have a fantastic weekend
and we'll catch you back here Monday with some
of the latest results. As always, we'd like
to thank our Dynamite sponsors here on Spit
and Chicklets. Big thanks to everybody at New
Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Huge thanks to everybody over at Thursday
Boots. Super comfy. Love that leather smell. Huge thanks to everybody over at Thursday Boots. Super comfy.
Love that leather smell.
Big thanks to everybody over at Simply Safe for keeping everybody safe during these crazy times.
Huge thanks to our friends at Roman for taking care of the fellas out there.
And big thanks to everybody at Bud Canada.
Have a great week, everybody.
On the road again.
Just can't wait to get on the road again.
Life I love is making music with my friends I can't wait to get on the road again
