Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 296 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Well the boys are all back home once again, me a whole three miles across the city,
biz back in arizona
g down manhattan went back in milton uh great couple weeks in boston few weeks in boston got
a lot of good stuff coming sent out a lot of stuff already say hi to the boys for us mr g i know you
not feeling so hot today thanks for sucking it up and working how we doing buddy uh what's up guys
yeah like you said back in new york went to my favorite bodega yesterday and what do you know
i come outside to a guy shitting on the sidewalk.
So it's great to be back in Manhattan.
Sweet city.
Okay.
Concrete jungle where homeless guys shit on the street.
Wasn't Avery, was it?
No, no, it wasn't.
He's shitting on a de Blasio picture or whoever the fucking mayor is, whoever he hates.
Oh, God.
That, of course, is the voice of Paul Biznasty.
You actually logged quite a few miles.
You had to escape the Boston bubble for a little bit and come back.
How are you feeling, buddy?
You're still dragging ass, so you get your energy back.
I've just been sleeping and watching golf.
Golf has sucked me down the vortex.
I'm going to be more of a golf addict than Mr. Ryan Whitney over there pretty soon.
But my Dallas Stars are three wins away from the Stanley Cup,
and I am so excited.
I am on top of the world right now, Ari.
You're a fucking pisser.
Last but not least, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, brother?
Not much, guys.
Good to catch up.
And Biz, I don't know if you've experienced a golf nap yet,
but golf watching is...
Oh, my God.
...creates the...
Stronger than Ambien.
...the most amazing nap of all time.
It's just the perfect volume in the room to the announcers
like whispering about a putt.
So I passed out during golf today as well.
I had a great weekend.
Played a member guest at Wollaston Golf Club with my brother, Sean. like whispering about a putt. So I passed out during golf today as well. I had a great weekend.
Played a member guest at Wollaston Golf Club with my brother Sean.
Lost in the semifinals in our flight.
So tough little goal, but we had a good run.
Had a lot of fun.
And I did catch the game last evening, game one.
We have some things to catch up about on that game.
And my Tampa Bay Lightning, I'm still very confident in.
Well, all right, you can go into the game.
I don't want to give away my thoughts yet.
Yeah, we'll jump.
So we're not going to wrap up Tampa Islanders?
Oh, shit.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, guys.
I forgot.
Islanders fans, suck on that, you peasants.
You fucking clowns.
I told you exactly what was going to happen every year.
You're not going to win the cup.
That's all I say. I don't even say anything
bad. I say they play a certain
style to try to win a certain way
and they're pretty successful at it, but I
said you won't win the cup.
You won't. You don't have the squad to do it.
And now they're just
so furious.
Just a guaranteed
Tampa Bay series win.
I think I said that, guys.
I think I guaranteed it, like Messier.
But congratulations to the Islanders on a great year.
I think they were the only team that played in the play-in playoffs there
that advanced to the conference finals.
Definitely overachieved some bright spots there.
It's very unfortunate that they're going to lose Barzell now to an offer sheet.
But aside from that, great year.
Borelli, I'm sorry.
I saw the live stream.
That's very unfortunate.
Appreciate Borelli's support of the Pink Whitney throughout the live streams,
though.
But he had a pretty good weekend because he got to go to the U.S. Open
and play tummy sticks.
I see him interviewing the winner.
He's playing tummy sticks.
Yeah, Bryson DeChambeau.
He's chirped DeChambeau quite often as well.
So I wonder how the relationship is.
I think they
Well, listen, all relationships like that can be mended,
just like mine and the Dallas Stars fans.
I'm off the Islanders Booster Club page,
and now I'm on the Dallas Stars Booster Club page.
It's funny the things you find out covering hockey biz.
Yeah, obviously Tampa won 2-1 that overtime game.
Anthony Cirelli with yet another huge overtime goal.
And I pointed out this guy finishes better than Peter North in a tweet.
And lo and behold, famous VHS-era adult film star Peter North
is a Halifax, Nova Scotia guy.
I had no idea about that. Did you know that? You didn't know he was a Halifax, Nova Scotia guy. I had no idea about that.
Did you know that?
You didn't know he was from Halifax?
I had no clue.
Crosby, McKinnon, North.
Those are the three guys.
I mean, for all you youngins who are listening to this
that weren't watching porno on VHS,
this guy, he must have been saving up his batches
for months before he did films
because he had the biggest
loads he was like spider-man shooting his fucking web out of his cock yeah that's what he looked
like so that's a little uh little uh stroll down uh memory lane memory lane yeah and sorelli i mean
he had the 2015 overtime one in the memorial cup 2017 overtime winner for the ohl championship
and the ot one of the other other night over the Islanders.
So even if the Isles had moved on, Adam Pellick,
he did break his wrist in game five
and they said he was going to be done anyways
if the Isles had moved on,
which would have been a huge loss for him.
So hopefully he's feeling a little bit better.
But yeah, boy, Saturday night, the cup started.
Dallas takes game one with a four to one win.
This team's looking like a machine right now.
I mean, Tampa did come out a little slow.
Dallas obviously had a little bit more rest. Dallas got
on the board quick. Former Zoo Mass defenseman
Joel Hanley opened the scoring.
He's the fifth defenseman to score his first
NHL career goal in the
Stanley Cup Final since 1926-27.
I mean, he's
29 years old. He's paid
his dues, man. You always like to see a guy like that
score a goal.
Anyways, Tampa just got outplayed.
They outshot 22-2 in the second, third period over Dallas.
Who dobed?
Who dobed?
Who dobed?
This guy has been unbelievable.
I feel like I'm eating a little bit of crow. I just thought he was going to maybe fall back to earth at this point,
but we haven't seen that at all, Whit.
It's one of the most amazing goaltending performances
I can ever remember out of the blue.
And out of the blue in a sense that no one ever expected this to happen.
And his last six games, he's got a 956 save percentage.
He stopped 45 of 50 high-danger shots faced.
This is just like a guy who's just at a different level.
And the best part is how fucking hilarious this dude is.
You see the quotes he gives.
He's very funny to interview.
I saw Marty Turco mentioned.
He's just a great guy to be around.
So I think so many guys in that team love playing for him.
And just imagining last night and some of the saves he made,
and I'm talking about the third period when the shots 22-2,
it was domination, and he just looked so good.
So you think about Tampa, like the only thing you can ever say now
is you have to get in front of him.
I know it's like the biggest cliche.
You know, when you say, busy here, guys.
The goalie, he hates traffic, and when you're in tight, go up high.
Thanks, Tips.
Well, I mean, what else are you going to do right now?
Because anything he sees is stopping.
He's just outstanding.
So I've really enjoyed seeing him play.
I think Dallas is just thriving off each other.
And I don't know what your opinion was, Biz, on the start of it.
That was kind of what surprised me is how dominant they were right off the get-go.
Okay, well, I mean, I can go a few ways with that.
As far as Hudobin and what he's been doing,
I guess for Stars fans and people
who have been watching him more closely this season,
it wouldn't be a surprise to them
because he led the league in save percentage this year
with 930, and that was playing 30 games.
So he got a little bit of work
in the regular season then against Colorado maybe not so great I think he ended up having a 909 save
percentage but then in the conference finals he went up to a 950 and then he stood on his head
right so I guess everybody there was a bit of a question mark coming into this one well he answered
that especially in game one but coming into this series I was answered that especially in game one um but coming into this
series i was concerned for tampa bay and there's a few reasons why and i'll go to my notes here okay
so in game in games uh oh fuck let me take it over hey fucking a sick notes well no i i went to the
wrong page excuse me so as far as like headman's concern right he's the
horse on the back end in order to close out that series against the islanders in game four he had
to play 29 minutes in game five he had to play 36 minutes in game six he played over 30 game one he
played 25 so he's averaging over 30 minutes of ice time in the last four games. That's a lot, right? That's a lot for their horse.
Okay, okay, but it's more than he probably did in the regular season,
and you've got to think at some point the fatigue factor comes in.
Also, with Point being banged up, which is, of course,
another reason why I was skeptical of Tampa coming into this season,
Kucherov has had to average 26- uh of ice time in that same time period in the
last four games forward that's for a forward that's insane no stamp coast as well so then
coming into this very unusual circumstance being in the bubble dallas gets four days of rest coming
into it tampa only gets less than 48 hours so right off the hop I'm I'm I'm
thinking okay not only does Dallas have the mojo right now they're playing a very similar team as
to what they played in Vegas and the fact that they like that run and gun they're zipping around
but where the other question mark lies where's the net front presence are they getting to the
blue paint are they causing as much traffic as they should be in order to go?
Like the point you mentioned, are they getting to the traffic areas to score goals?
So I don't know what's going to happen with Stamkos.
Just judging off of Cooper's press conferences, I don't think he's coming back.
So let's just cancel him out for the season.
I feel like they're just maybe, you feel like they're dragging that on a little bit to play mind games?
Yeah, I mean, he's skating the optional.
He's skating with the team.
But I have to think, especially at the pace this series is being played in every other night to get these guys out of here,
if he didn't play game one, is he really going to be in?
I don't know.
Maybe  you know what I'm saying?
Well, he's already ruled them out for game two.
Yeah, so I mean, maybe there's a chance,
but you can't even think about that.
Dallas isn't worrying about it,
and neither is Tampa Bay.
So then you look to another one of their big forwards, Palat.
He's been being worked like a dog as well,
and they've been going with 11 forwards.
So you've got to think over time,
that's going to take its toll.
I don't know what's going to happen.
It looks like Shen got...
Shen ended up going down the tunnel at one point and then coming back so I don't know
if they're going to stick with that 7d and 11 forward system and I don't know how much that's
going to help them uh shifting towards you know everyone's like wow as far as depth up front I
think they got them well coming into this series Dallas's forwards had 47 goals total combined, and Tampa had 45.
Mind you, Tampa's played one less game,
but that whole theory of contributions from the guys up front,
well, Dallas is neck and neck with Tampa,
and they got the rest,
and they're spreading out the ice time more.
So to me, that benefits Dallas.
Looking to the back end, from front to back,
I mean, who's got a better one-two punch?
Would you take Hedman and Sergachev over Heskinen and Klinberg right now?
That's a tough question, is it not?
I'm going to say no.
Yes.
How do I fucking answer that?
I want Hedman and Sergachev.
Holy shit.
Get it together. I can't even I would I would call it a push and then beyond that you look at the contributions they're
I mean Oleksiak's playing awesome right now not even just the goal he's been a horse he's been
physical and that's scored a goal first game of the cup finals I think he I think he had five or
six block shots or and hits, whatever it was.
And now we got the big rig versus the big rig.
Sequeira's done an excellent job.
You mentioned Esa Lindell.
So as far as the back ends are concerned, I'd consider that an even match.
So right now, to me, the biggest deciding factors is health, rest, and mojo.
And for that reason, I'm picking Dallas to win this series.
On the Kiprios show I went on a few days ago, I picked Dallas in seven.
Christ, boys, this thing might be over in five just like the Vegas series.
Well, I mean, yeah, you're jumping ahead a lot after one game.
You also, I mean, have had feelings earlier in the playoffs that weren't great.
Now, I will say this. You just gave a hell of a breakdown in terms of like what.
Okay, how about this one too, Whit?
Yeah.
Game four, game five, game six, and game one of the Stanley Cup finals for Tampa Bay.
0 for 3 on the power play, 0 for 3 on the power play, 0 for 5 on the power play, 0 for 3 on the power play.
1 for 19.
If they don't get that going there.
1 for 19.
This thing might be a sweep.
Get the brooms out. Get the broom job.
In the third.
Well, first, I want to get into the first goal scored by Joel Hanley.
Correct, R.A.?
Yes, former UMass defenseman Joel Hanley.
And what was the stat about him scoring his first goal in a Stanley Cup final?
He was the fifth defenseman to score his first career NHL goal in a Stanley Cup final
ever since the NHL took over the Cup back in 26-27.
Congrats to him.
And that's a former Hockey East guy.
But on that goal, Kivaranta hammers.
Who does he run over in the corner, Biz?
Oh, he got point.
Point turned.
So he got point, and it was a great hit.
And it caused a turnover.
But what happened was Bogosian, who's the ultimate teammate,
everyone loves him.
He went over, and, you know, he's not going to fight him,
so that's kind of why it's like, why are you going over there?
Like, he would fight him, but Kivaranta's not going to fight him,
and it was a clean hit.
And then all of a sudden, Hintz gets the puck down low,
and you're kind of down a man,
because Bogosian went in to be like a good teammate,
maybe at the wrong time. That was just what I low, and you're kind of down a man because Bogosian went in to be like a good teammate, maybe at the wrong time.
That was just what I saw, and I love him.
And then next thing you know, Hintz makes a sick pass,
and Hanley picked the corner.
It was a perfect shot.
But you're kind of surprised to see it.
And they got it back, and they got it tied.
But Kivaranta, dude, that guy is something else.
That's why this Dallas team is just on a different level
because they're getting so many contributions from people you never even considered.
It's like Dallas is in the cup final.
What happened?
Oh, Sagan had 30 goals and Ben dominated and Ben Bishop was amazing.
Well, no, not really.
Sagan's not scoring.
Their goal is Udoven.
And they got a guy, Kivaranta, who's scoring a hat trick
and including the game winner in OT of Game 7 in the second round,
running over the best players on Tampa in the first period,
and then scoring a goal himself in the end of the second.
So Dallas, like you said, has mojo.
But I just think that after one game in which Tampa was tired,
no doubt you're coming off that emotional high,
and then they're rested.
It made total sense.
But the third period was something else.
So the third period when Dallas is in control, Tampa dominated. And, yes, they had three power plays, and they didn't score on them.
But if they can get that figured out with it being a big but,
then it's totally different because they looked like a different animal in the third,
and it was because I think they finally picked up their play after a sluggish start.
They didn't jump in with both feet, Biz.
They let it see.
They saw the water.
They were trying to see what the water felt like with the tip of their toe.
Fair enough.
And that was a bit of a squeaker by Kev Arante at the end of the second.
I feel like that was a bit of a squeaker by kevin ron at the end of the second i feel like that was yeah that was a tough one and i think i think maybe tampa is able to capitalize on one
of those power plays if that goal at that games within a one goal reach right you gotta think but
right now they're on an own 14 run on the power play that is a must if they don't get that going
and start capitalizing this series ain't even going to be close.
What was the other thing that you mentioned?
Second, I thought he had a great first game.
He had a lot of scoring opportunities, a couple one-timers on the power play.
Vasilevsky made an unbelievable save off to the side of the net on one of the power plays.
I feel like during the play that was going on,
it didn't even get enough credit that he got him with the paddle.
But you could definitely sense the frustration settling in
after two periods for Tampa,
given the fact that Big Rig ends up shooting a puck.
What was Big Rig doing?
What was he doing?
What the fuck, Big Rig?
Why'd you fire a wrister into the other team's bench, you nut?
Who did he catch in the face?
Did he get someone in the face? Did he get someone?
It looked like he caught somebody right in the face.
I don't know.
I thought he got one of the guys.
It was a bit of a muffin, but still gutless.
Well, luckily for him, it was only 10,
and he didn't penalize his team at all.
I ended up seeing the clip from Hockey Night in Canada,
and Kelly Rudy was losing his mind that he didn't get more than
that and tell me why wouldn't the team get a penalty for that i don't know i would have been
frustrated as well i would argue they did because they lost on a forward now they already only had
11 now they're down to 10 so they definitely got penalized in that regard i thought 10 and 2 would
have been fair just because at that point you're should be able to get a power play after taking a puck to the jibs.
What else?
But no, definitely a good push in the third period,
but I saw a lot of the same things that I saw in the Vegas series
against Dallas where it's like, well, it looks awesome,
and it's this high-flying offense,
but you're not really getting to the blue paint,
and you're not really getting those prime secondary scoring opportunities.
So I'm looking to big rig to get to the net front
and start creating a little bit more traffic in that sense.
And then, of course, that was another storyline
in the fact that a couple unsung heroes on the back end
got it done in scoring goals for Dallas.
Beautiful move there by Oleksiak after the blocked shot
to pick that back up and beat him.
Yeah, I did look at the replay, though.
It hit Vasilevsky, and then it hit the post and went in.
So he almost had it.
But still, it's unreal play to stick with it.
You wonder if Shen maybe didn't want to lay down to block that shot.
I totally understand what he's doing.
But it's also like if he stays in his feet,
he doesn't get that rebound standing all alone.
But I just, I have to think that Tampa's really confident
after the way the game ended.
I know that sounds nuts, but they're not figuring out
what Dallas is like.
They're not going to have to feel out their team at all.
They know what's coming.
And I like Tampa to get back in and win game tonight.
You're listening on Monday.
Thank you.
And also, are they playing every other day the whole time,
or is there any time with two days off on the schedule?
I think they have a back-to-back.
Yeah, there's actually a back-to-back.
Yeah, they're just like, get them fucking out of that bubble.
Oh, and I want to mention it.
I was very upset to hear that the families of players,
U.S.-based families of players, they're not allowed in.
They weren't allowed into the bubble like Canada is.
What the fuck is that?
Well, it's a border situation.
I mean, they just, you know, it's difficult and it sucks.
And I was actually just going to shift to the topic of what Bettman said
and everybody going into this was like,
just because there's so many teams,
there's going to be an asterisk attached to it.
This will have been the hardest Stanley Cup to have ever been won.
Yes.
Given every circumstance,
given that they can't be with their families and the grind
and the fact that there's no rest going into the finals
and they're playing every other day and even in a back-to-back.
I mean, we've stroked these guys off quite a bit, but this is insanity.
So it sucks that whatever team wins it,
their families are not going to be able to be a part of it like usual.
But I imagine the celebration is going to be pretty special
when whoever wins it ends up taking it back to their respective city.
And another interesting fun fact is the two more southern NHL teams
are playing in the finals.
Ari, did you have that written down?
Well, yeah.
It's the two most southern teams to ever play each other
in a Stanley Cup final
playing in the northernmost NHL city.
Yeah, it's kind of fucking convoluted.
I know you mentioned Tampa Bay.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What the fuck does that mean?
Convoluted.
Convoluted.
I always think of convoluting as confusing.
Bingo.
Yeah.
Okay.
I just convoluted biz.
Well, it sounded a lot smarter than confusing.
I'm going to put that in my bag.
Talk about the Tampa.
Pipe and smoke it, Bissonette.
Well, no.
Talking about Tampa's power play, just one for 19 over their last seven games.
But we also got to give credit to Dallas's penalty kill because, I mean,
they kept that potent Vegas power play in check.
They couldn't get anything done.
So instead of saying these teams are failing at the power play,
I think we do have to give Dallas credit for how good their penalty killing has been uh and to go back to Darby for a second I
mean this pressure isn't new to him I'm not sure if you're familiar with his his whole story but
he was on a on a like a youth team in Kazakhstan is where he's from and he his whole family moved
from Kazakhstan to Siberia when he was like 14 years old so he could play hockey his parents
left a good life they had a home a car jobs they left all that behind to go to Siberia when he was like 14 years old so he could play hockey his parents left a good life
they had a home a car jobs they left all that behind to go to Siberia to support his hockey
career and he was part of a world junior team that won it in 2004 he ends up getting drafted
obviously he's had this tremendous success so you almost feel like when you've had the pressure of
basically not being necessarily the breadwinner but uh being you know the main guy in your family
as a 14 yearyear-old.
You probably think this isn't really much pressure for that kid.
He's had an amazing story, and he also had a great quote.
It was in Russian.
For the first time I think I've ever seen
when they brought the Stanley Cup out before the game,
they actually had it on a stand between the benches.
It made for a great visual, and he said in Russian
upon seeing the Cup before the game,
told the guys maybe we
should just steal it and run like he gives you like a glimpse of what kind of a jokester he is
you know he had a he had a great uh post-game speech as well because he'd received the the
the chain necklace with the dallas stars logo on it after the last game when they closed out
and then he ended up passing it on to Joel Hanley.
So I'm telling you, boys, they got the mojo going right now.
There's been some awesome features on Rick Bonus as well.
Jackie Redman was able to interview his son Ryan and his mother.
I don't know if you guys checked that out.
She works with the NHL Network.
But some really cool stories about just how he's as you know, he's as old school as they come.
And he's been around forever.
This guy was, I mean, he's got a long history of coaching
and being behind the bench.
And I believe we mentioned it last episode in the fact that this is the first time
that ever a head coach and a former assistant will be heading off
against each other in the Stanley Cup Finals.
Yeah.
So really cool.
He spent five years under Cooper and, you know, they ended up parting ways, but all
because of in December when Dallas fired their head coach Montgomery, Rick Bonas took over
and it's been a magical run.
So, I mean, a lot of people got to be pulling for this guy and this team, boys.
I, listen, I doubted them the whole way, to be honest.
I didn't think they had what it took,
and they've shoved it so far up my hoop that, yeah, that's pretty much it.
Well, it could still be pulled out, and there's still a lot of hockey left.
Business is gone. Leave it in.
I'm glad you
I'll tell you when to pull it out. Code word.
No, the NHL Network did a great segment on him.
I retweeted it from my feed Saturday night.
Maybe we could tweet it from the Chicklets feed.
Like you said, he was an assistant under Cooper for five years.
He has more games behind the bench in NHL history,
assistant and head coach combined than anybody.
So, I mean, I think he's 62 years old.
He's had quite the career.
I mean, this guy played for the Atlanta Flames back in the 70s.
When did he coach the Bees?
He did.
He coached them.
He got them conference finals.
They lost to Pittsburgh, I want to say 92.
Why did they gas him?
Fucking Harry Sinden and Chad.
I probably didn't want to give him 50 more cents fucking pay back then.
Mero Hiskin, and also we were talking about him,
he tied Madonna for the second most single postseason assists in franchise history while also tying Ray Bork Larry Murphy
and Duncan Keith for fifth most by a defenseman in one playoff year with 18 I think it's safe to
assume we'll probably get one more from here uh in another keynote boys since the Stanley Cup
final went to a best of seven format back in 1939 remember that. The team that wins game one is 61-19.
That's good for a 76.3 clip.
That's just a stunning number to me.
Almost three out of four times game one winners go on to win the Cup.
So, obviously, I don't know.
Well, Tampa Bay, I mean, I wouldn't say they're playing for their season Monday night,
but it's certainly going to feel like it.
So, I have to throw a little wager on them on the old Boston Sports app.
I might have to drive down to Pennsylvania just to get that one in.
Oh, yeah.
Congrats to them.
So it's only available in Pennsylvania?
Right now, yes.
And as more states legalize sports gambling,
I'm sure it'll get into those states as well.
Massachusetts is so dumb, all right?
What are they thinking?
How many millions of dollars would you make on for for like the state i mean this is the same idiotic state that you
couldn't buy fucking beer on sundays for a hundred years till they finally get rid of that then they
let they let them build casinos after losing billions of dollars to connecticut casinos
foxwoods mohegan sun oh let's build our own they put one in one of the biggest dumps in Massachusetts, Springfield.
It's actually losing money.
How the fuck does a casino lose money?
And then they put one in Everett,
and it's like this revenue stream is staring you in the face,
and they haven't legalized it yet.
Yeah, so you can go in and play blackjack,
but I can't bet on a sports game for my couch.
Like, what the fuck?
Yeah, I mean, I feel like it's inevitable but it's
massachusetts so that's just the way we do things here sometimes foolishly and i'm sure they gotta
grease the appropriate palms what's up is i gotta mention uh one thing uh we forgot to off the hop
pink whitney uh the lcbo now has it available in over 600 stores in Ontario. They are fully stocked basically everywhere.
So thank you to Ontario for your patience.
But anywhere you go now, chances are you're going to be able to find Pink Whitney at any LCBO.
Thank you to Gallo in New Amsterdam for making that possible.
Obviously, it's a bit of a process.
LCBO, you know, it's ran very intensely.
Is that a word?
You're convoluting me right now.
Okay, well, I'll
leave it at that. So shout out to Pink Whitney.
It's killing it in
Canada and we appreciate it. And actually,
the fact that Tampa Bay's in it,
Florida is the highest selling state
of Pink Whitney. So a little shout out to
our friends down in Florida.
Well, Tampa's definitely going to need to come out with better energy to start game too. So
maybe they should pick themselves up a WHOOP. WHOOP is a fitness tracker that provides personalized
insights on your sleep, your body's recovery, and the exertion put on your body throughout the day
from both your workouts and just the normal stresses or stresses of life. WHOOP is worn by
some of your favorite athletes in the NHL,
and you might have even seen one over the weekend during the U.S. Open.
But it's not meant for just professional athletes.
WHOOP can help anyone improve their performance by providing personalized,
actionable data to help you make spotting decisions.
We got an excellent tutorial from the folks at WHOOP, and this thing is insane.
I mean, even for somebody like me, I'm not exactly Bruce Jenner,
but I have trouble sleeping sometimes and whoop actually tracks not only my sleep but my rem sleep
my movements during the night just you know to let you know like if you're not getting enough rest if
you are getting enough rest but biz how crazy is this thing i mean you obviously work out you're a
fitness guy it's insane the level of data you get from this thing well we did a sandbagger that was
brought to you by whoop
and we ended up having a conference call about it and it's amazing all the things that can track so
more importantly as you get older your sleep is everything and it'll tell you
is it called rem or is it called your rem cycle uh or could it be both yeah i usually say rem i
probably was thinking of the uh georg Band when I said REM. But I am standing in the place where you stand.
Let me tell you, Biz, though, with the whoop.
So, you know, I'm seeing how I'm sleeping and I'm seeing the recovery.
The recovery rate is important the next day.
Well, all weekend, I literally drank all day and all night.
And then you look and I get like a 1 recovery.
So you can really tell when you maybe need
to like slow things down
and get back to like normalcy a little bit.
So I'm just a huge fan.
So it's big. You got to get
the golf naps in and
then see if you get the recovery and then
whoop-de-de.
Whoop-de-de. I had to bite my
tongue so much during that conference call the other day
to not make that reference when we were talking about it so much.
How have they not boughten the rights to that song to add to the commercials?
Probably through the roof.
Well, anyways, whether you're looking to sleep a little better,
training for an event, or just looking to lose a couple pounds,
whoop can help you reach your goals of a healthier life.
Whoop tracks your recovery and lets you know how ready your body is to perform.
And Whoop
is offering 15 off when you use the code CHICKLETS at checkout. So go to whoop.com, that's
W-H-O-O-P.com and enter the code CHICKLETS to save 15. Unlock your potential today with Whoop.
Yeah, that is some crazy info, man. Like I i said i like to sleep and stuff like time and
telling you how many times you're turned over and like you know when you're like half asleep at
times everything it's it's incredible technology so definitely check that stuff out um busy just
alluded to gary betman's presser a couple minutes ago um and he confirmed what we passed along from
at nhl rumors daily uh the twitter feed which like i said before, I've never been a big rumor guy.
I mean, he probably shouldn't call himself rumors anymore
because a lot of his stuff is pretty accurate.
This guy, I'd say he's pretty wired in somewhere with some people.
It's Bettman's burner.
That would be hilarious.
But he's the one who said, you know, they're not going to start
at December 1st.
It's going to be late December, early January.
And Bettman himself said, quote,
I will not be surprised if it slips into late December.
It could slip into January.
So, you know, we're obviously pushing that back a little bit.
And, of course, about 50 of revenue does come from the gate.
So these owners, you know, don't want to rush into opening a season
with empty buildings.
What's up, Biz?
Well, I was just putting my finger up because I was going to mention that 50 of revenue comes from the gate and i mean from from the things that are going
around online it seems as if though like a vaccine won't be available to like late 2021 now i don't
know that's just what i'm reading online so it must be true uh but if that's the case like you
know what would you even do would you have to just do it the way they're doing it in MLB
with no fans but travel city to city?
These are the things they've got to figure out.
There's rumors of an all-Canadian division to reduce travel.
Obviously, you can't do a full season in the bubble.
I would think they'd probably do it with the NFL's doing smaller crowds
and then eventually work up to full capacity.
But, yeah, I think the vaccine is a key factor here, and who knows how long that's going to be. do it the nfl's doing smaller crowds and then eventually work up to full capacity but yeah i
think the vaccine is a key fact to hear and who who knows how long that's going to be they're
going to do an all canadian division so one of them can make it out of the first round for fuck's
sakes or second round because i guess the the vancouver canucks made it to the second round
this year and uh yeah like to again the quote you mentioned he actually said quote uh under these
conditions might just be the most remarkable achievement in the history of our league.
And that might sound like hyperbole, but it's not, man.
I said it really is.
It really isn't.
This has been so difficult.
Every guy I talked to when they when they when they got out of there, they're just like, oh, my God.
Like it was brutal to lose.
But holy shit, it was awful.
You're just so sick and tired of the same thing,
the same thing to eat, doing the same thing.
And that's why Biz brings up, like, you know,
loving your teammates and being boys,
and you can tell both these teams are, as most of the teams are,
but there's certainly some teams that get along
and are a little closer than others,
and that means the world right now
because to win a Stanley Cup doing this without your family,
it sucks.
And it is,
and you got to commend these guys.
So it's been,
uh,
it's going to be extra heartbreaking this year.
I lost the cup,
dude,
worst feeling ever.
And I,
and I seriously think this is 10 times worse this year for the guys who lose.
Yeah.
I think that like the joy of coming home is probably a stronger feeling than,
you know, the sadness of not winning the cup. mean we've seen a couple videos uh John Merrill
defenseman for Vegas who was I think he only played one game in the bubble and he come home
there's just a very touching video his three daughters they didn't know he was in the garage
and they opened up and they ran in and I mean I don't even have kids and my heart was melting and
he was hugging and they won the middle one says, Dad, did you win?
And he says, No, but I'm home.
And it was just like such a perfect quote.
It was almost like, Yeah, but you did win.
You're back with your family again.
And the video of Matt and Sidney Martin,
I mean, she just had a baby, I think, two weeks before he left for the bubble.
He hasn't seen his newborn daughter.
He comes home with the dog.
Same with Horvat.
Horvat had just had a kid too.
So these guys, man, that's hard on the wives too.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, I think the 1970s.
Although I will say, first month after Ryder was born,
Bree hated me more than any human in the world.
She had to change your diapers too.
She was so, oh my God.
Yeah.
Go into details.
Please.
I didn't handle.
I wasn't ready to be patient enough
for a newborn.
He came out and he was crying
and you were bitching about your 36 holes
two times were too early.
The first night we were at the hospital
he's crying. That's what babies do.
They cry.
And I was like, do you think he's colicky?
She's like, what the fuck's wrong with you?
He's just crying.
He's a newborn.
So I was just kind of a little overwhelmed.
But believe me, I've sat right into a smooth chair in being a father and being a dad.
How many,
how many books did you read about,
about raising me one to read red first 10 pages?
I was like,
this is good.
I told her, I said,
I didn't read it.
I can't finish it.
You couldn't have done a fucking audio book or something with,
well,
I was like,
no matter what everyone I asked, all my buddies I asked, they said,
like, you can't, you just have to experience it.
Like, you don't, I don't think the books would have like told me to like, actually the book
probably would have told me to be a little more patient, right?
With the baby was born.
Why is this thing crying so much?
It might have given you the heads up about the crying.
Yeah, people parented for thousands of years without books.
You can do it without a book.
Yeah, exactly.
This is a fun episode.
I'm having a blast.
You got to live and learn.
You got to do it yourself.
To Allison for.
All right.
Hey, boys, it looks like there will be a 2021 World Juniors Championship.
After all, it's going to be in the bubble in Edmonton without fans.
The 2022 version will be in Edmonton and in Red Deer,
home of our friend Rick.
The juniors, that was scheduled for Gothenburg.
Is it Gothenburg, Sweden, or Gotenburg?
How do you say that?
I said Gothenburg.
I just said Rocketville.
Okay.
I thought Dreisaitl was starting a cologne.
Don't ask me about fucking countries and cities.
Well, anyways, they were supposed to have it in 22,
and that got moved to 24.
So, hey, that's good news.
I mean, at least whenever the NHL starts,
at least we'll get some hockey during the wintertime anyways.
Another note, Saturday night, former guest Brian Burke,
he gave a little tax lesson on air that sort of echoes what you've been saying about, you know, states without taxes and how it's more beneficial to players and could be a lure to draw them in.
But player agent Alan Walsh, he essentially called bullshit on it.
He said, quote, I'm shocked at how uninformed this take is and that the entire premise of this two minutes on air is false.
The entire premise of this two minutes on air is false.
He went on to say, and I mean, this is kind of boring for the listeners,
but basically players in Canada can set up a retirement compensation agreement and limit their tax liability to a flat 20.
With sound tax advices, an NHL player can actually pay the same
or less tax in Canada than he will in Florida.
Something about mortgage interest deduction.
Again, it gets kind of boring.
Well, I understood as much of that tweet as Whit did that newborn book that he read. um something about mortgage interest deduction again it gets kind of boring well i i understood
as much of that tweet as wit did that newborn book uh that he read so uh we're gonna get alan
walsh on the podcast and we're gonna get to him explain this because my fucking whole life has
been a lie if this is in fact true and i'm gonna be getting every tax expert on this show to figure
out in fact if teams that are in states with no
state tax have an advantage in the nhl and alan walsh is telling me that that is not the case now
are you fucking kidding me this is like your brand this is my brand alan walsh so we're going
to get you on the podcast you better back up those facts mister yeah he said we have worked closely
with players and literally saving them hundreds of thousands of dollars in taxes
when playing for Canadian-based NHL teams.
So yeah, we'll talk to Alan a little bit later.
And it's probably a good reason why players have agents and lawyers
to go through this shit for them,
because it does get confusing even talking about it on a podcast.
Well, gang, business owners finding the right people for open positions
has been particularly challenging lately.
Monica Stocks could relate. She needed to hire for a pivotal role at her construction company GS Group. She was having a tough time finding the right person, especially with so many candidates
out there. So she switched to ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates
finding you, it finds them for you. Its technology identifies people with the right experience for your job and actively invites them to apply, which is why you should try ZipRecruiter for free
at ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets. That's how Monica found Lamont Jenkins. She said that ZipRecruiter
sent Lamont's profile to her around five minutes after she posted a job because he was a great
match for the role. Through ZipRecruiter, Monica's company has hired everyone from accountants to project managers to field scientists. But Monica's not
the only employer who loves ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter
get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself how ZipRecruiter makes hiring
faster and easier. Try it now for free. That's right. Free at ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Boys, we got so excited talking about the Stanley Cup
and what's parenting or lack thereof
that we forgot to even mention our big guest we have tonight,
Calgary defenseman Noah Hannafin.
He stopped by our Boston bubble a few days ago.
We got to chat with him.
So what do you think, Paul?
Should we send it over to him right now?
I know we didn't intro it earlier, but let's send it over to Noah Hannafin.
He's a nice Boston kid.
We really enjoyed talking with him.
Man rocker.
Without further ado, Calgary defenseman Noah Hannafin.
It's great to welcome our next guest back to the show a first round pick in the 2015 draft this 23 year old defenseman just
completed his fifth nhl season already and his second in calgary with the flames he recently
returned home from one of the two nhl playoff bubbles so we'll get his take on what that was
like thanks so much for making the trip into the city no Hannafin how's it going pal it's going well thanks for having me boys so what
have you been doing the last few weeks killing time in the summer here nothing much you know I
got back I think uh three weeks ago um just took some time off get away from the game for a bit I
was in uh Martha's Vineyard last week floor it yeah pretty much floor it for the last three weeks
so hey uh so season over I bet in a bubble and I don't know when the next season begins.
Flashing green light.
I know what you've been up to.
Yeah.
No, but I talked to a couple guys, and as disappointing as it was to lose,
but it's like when you left that, it wasn't the easiest thing in the world.
The guys that are still there, you're like, holy shit,
this probably seems like forever for them.
Yeah, no, for sure it was.
I think we all kind of had expectations going in it was going to be
you know different you know just being in the hotel going to the rink every day it was uh
it got it got pretty tough you know but it was it was still a good experience you know there
were some fun parts of it just being you know with the boys for a couple weeks and um you know
we had we had fun but it was definitely uh definitely kind of a long process for sure
uh what was the hotel i ripped on were you in that one on the ac broke yeah we're in the sutton You know, we had fun, but it was definitely kind of a long process for sure.
What was the hotel I ripped on?
Were you in that one when the AC broke?
Yeah, we were in the Sutton.
The Sutton Hotel.
AC broke.
How about that call, though? Wasn't it 100 degrees?
It was nuts.
Yans called it the doo-doo hotel.
So he told me that's where they used to stay in Arizona before he got there.
So I was like, boys, I guess we're staying in the doo-doo hotel.
So it was tough.
That's what I said.
I got released. I'm like, oh, whoever guess we're staying in the doo-doo hotel. So it was tough. That's what I said. I got released.
I'm like, oh, whoever gets that shit.
Oh, man.
You called it, and then the AC broke the next day.
I was like praying.
They were like, I hope we're in the J-Dub.
I hope.
And I just got some AC going.
And then all of a sudden, boom, 150 degrees in the room every night.
It was tough.
And Edmonton was like, shockingly, it was like 90 degrees every day too so that's nice it's never there we're always flying in when it's like dark at like
2 p.m no you're flying when i was on the nose you fly in like september 1st you'd have a couple
weeks and then camp and it was so nice that month and then end of september you're like oh there's
a morning that's like 31 like october 1st maybe maybe even like 28 you're like oh shit it's
coming winter's coming yeah uh you guys got an awesome bunch there you guys must all get along
good good room chemistry yeah no we had uh we had such a good group i think that's what made it more
enjoyable you know the process we were able to you know kind of hang out have some beers together
um you know we're a real close group you know there's not any clicks you know either the older guys young guys everyone hangs out together which uh you know makes it makes a
lot more fun you know we're in calgary like for a month before we even went to edmonton so we were
we were in hockey mode for kind of a while but just some of the older guys like luch you know
geo you know they make it a blast so geo would he just win the mark messier award for leadership
or which one yes yeah oh Oh, I nailed it.
Oh, fucking man.
And then I saw a bunch of retweets.
I forget who.
Ronaldo, Luch, all the boys.
He's just the fucking man.
Yeah, we have a good crew.
I think it starts with G, too.
He's our captain.
He's kind of an underrated guy around the league before he won the Norris.
And when I got there, he opened my eyes so much,
especially being an older defenseman.
The guy's a stud, but even off the ice too.
He's just a great guy.
He loves to go hang out with us
and takes all the young guys out to dinner.
He likes to have beers.
Good dude, but just a workhorse.
I'm so pumped that he got to win that Norris last year.
He's had a crazy career just being undrafted
and not drafted in junior.
Russia. Going to
Russia and then just kind of working his whole career.
I think he put that chip on his shoulder though. I think
that stuff beforehand is what led him to get
to where he was last year. I mean, fucking best
defenseman in the world. How are you?
Bertuzzo's
getting comfortable. He's coming at him with the you know's.
Oh, you got the you know's coming?
You got the you know's going.
Don't call me that now.
Now I'm going to keep saying it.
People don't realize sometimes you just get them going.
You're just too good looking.
I got to at least remind you of the you knows.
I got crutches.
Hey, by the way, I just wanted to mention at the beginning,
10 years after I went fifth overall, Noah went fifth overall.
So we have that in common.
I mean, you turned out to be way better than I was.
But high expectations, dude.
High expectations.
I mean, it was probably a little weird that you ended up getting traded and all that.
But you seem to fit in pretty good in Calgary.
Yeah, no, it's been a great transition for me.
You know, I think for me coming into the league when I was 18,
kind of had a lot to learn.
And, you know, I felt a little uncomfortable at times. Say it one more time. for me coming into the league when I was 18. I kind of had a lot to learn.
I felt a little uncomfortable at times.
Say it one more time.
I'm going to fucking wrestle you in this living room if you say you're on the you-know clock.
What's Ward like?
He gets hired today, right?
No, yesterday.
Yesterday?
Yeah.
You like him?
I do.
Yeah, really good guy.
He's a teacher, which I think is different.
We're back.
We actually know as Mike went down. He hit the you know you know click out um don't by the way don't be rattled by that people our fans love the you knows they're probably keeping track
right now we're gonna know exactly when you pass bobby ortuzzo all right it's like the the millionth
customer at the grocery store we're gonna hit to hit it here. A little balloon celebration.
Maybe a cake.
Keeping track of how many times they say fucking Goodfellas.
Like 200 and something.
I think Casino.
That many?
Yeah, I think Casino actually might have broke the record.
If Goodfellas is on, there's zero chance I'm not watching the end of it.
Yeah, unless it's on one of those edited channels.
In which case.
What were we talking about before we got cut out?
Come award, not coach.
And award, yeah. And then you're de-coached. Oh, you're just telling us off camera how his systems are shit. what were we talking about before we got cut out uh i'm a ward not a coach and ward yeah and then
you're d coach oh you're just telling us off camera how his systems are shit and uh can't
believe they had this guy no you're not playing enough and you're gonna ask for a trade all great
rumor mill starting calgary good luck so we got to do a interview with brady matt and big walt at
the all-star game playing with matthew is, it's probably so sick because of the skill he brings.
And then you just see some of the shit he pulls.
It's like he just has that way about him where he's going to play a certain style
and it won't change.
No, yeah.
He drags us out of the mud a lot in games.
He's so competitive.
He hates to lose.
But like you said, he's just so skilled.
And then he'll just go absolutely blow some up in a game he'll fight in the playoffs like all the time he just you know
he he's a he's an ultimate teammate you know he's one of my best friends on the team awesome dude
off the ice have you known him like you guys similar age yeah so me and matt you know go back
a long time we used to play in summer tournaments together if like the junior bruins when we were
like 10 years old um you know pretty much our whole whole youth hockey career, we were together in summer tournaments.
Oh, so this was in U.S. National?
Oh, he went to the O though.
No, then we played at the U.S. National program.
Then when I went to B.C., he was in London.
Do you remember chatting with him then?
Like, why aren't you going to college?
What was the whole...
I think Walt was all over him more than...
London gave him the bag.
Yeah, exactly.
But I think Walt was all over him.
Best billet family.
That was kind of like...
Rocket billet mom. Rocket billet mom. Best billet family. Rocket billet mom.
Rocket billet mom.
Rocket billet daughter.
Rocket billet sister.
Yeah.
Me and Brady all over him about it a lot because Brady went the right route.
I'm going to go back to the bubble for a sec.
Not necessarily for yourself.
Don't do it, Matt.
It's PTSD around here.
Don't go back to the bubble.
Did you find it hard for whether for yourself or other guys,
to get properly amped up for a game with no fans there?
Was the process that much different?
No, I actually think that was probably one of the easier parts, surprisingly.
I felt just the guys on our team, we have such a tight group and a fun group,
but we kind of embraced it, embraced the whole challenge of going through the bubble.
I think even people always ask me about the fans is it weird with no fans i mean it's definitely weird
after there's a goal or like a you know a fight or something you don't really hear the fans going
crazy but i thought uh you know for the most part once you're in the game once you settle down it
was pretty normal actually um but i think just the the harder part was just you know being away
from families for the older guys and kind of being in a hotel the whole time and not going outside too much.
Just stuff like that.
I think that's what kind of wore down on players over the course of it.
But I think in the game itself, once you settled down, it wasn't too bad.
Yeah, that first game we talked about, Rangers-Carolina, when Shaq lit up, you were like, okay.
That was the first game.
And we were getting ready for our game.
So we were watching it, just seeing how it's going to be.
And right off the gate, these guys are blowing each other up.
And we're like, all right.
Okay.
And then we played Winnipeg.
And the first game, I think, yeah, Chucky fought Wheeler.
And right off the gate, it felt like
Yeah, it was a shit show.
Yeah, it was.
It was pretty physical, a lot of big hits.
So it was fun.
I mean, I think looking back on it now, I'm super happy we did play.
I think before, I think a lot of guys were like, shit, what's this going to be like?
Is it going to be normal?
What's going on?
It's the middle of summer.
But I think once we got there and started playing, a lot of guys were like,
all right, I'm happy we got to play and get some closure and finish the season.
Yeah, we talked to Whitey and uh mileswood calling white
and it was like these guys aren't gonna play a game for nine months yeah i'd be going nuts by
now i'd have so much anxiety probably if i oh sunday scary's time yeah you don't even know when
the season started try to skate by yourself you're like losing the puck and missing the net like what
the hell am i doing right now why are you skating you're gonna join the granite blade gang if i can
play roller hockey
on the streets
with the local kids.
What do you think,
like you've played
five years in the league now,
what do you think
is like different,
better than when
you came into the NHL?
I think,
yeah,
I'm just way more comfortable.
I think I know
what type of player I am
and I think when I first
came into the league,
you know,
I was kind of afraid to make mistakes which is something I never really felt when I was younger I first came into the league you know I was I was kind of
afraid to make mistakes which is something I never really felt you know when I was younger I just go
and play and not really care about anything I think when I was 18 if I made a mistake or
I'd lose ice time I was kind of always afraid of that and I think now I'm just a lot more
comfortable and I'm just going out and trying to play my game not put too much pressure on myself
and and just enjoy it you know have fun don't be keep it easy yeah just move the puck
keep it easy play my game did you well i was gonna ask from from a guy who got drafted so high do you
feel like even as a defenseman there's like a pressure to put up a certain amount of points
yeah i think especially in today's game i feel like that's what a lot of people you know look
at and they're always talking about points but i think for me coming to to calgary and even
talking to guys like geo you
know who's you know he's just gotten better every year his whole career i mean he wins the north at
35 and he's just he's kind of a good example of the process of your career it's not all about
coming in and putting up 80 points every year to be like he's like he plays hard defensively he
grinds he's a good teammate and each year he's just gotten better and better and then he doesn't
care about the points no he doesn't at all and that's why i think he got so many he doesn't put
pressure on himself to get points so do you feel like you're trying to set the foundation is where
you're so reliable in your back end and the duties you need to do is what you think a defenseman
should be in the nhl and then eventually over time add those other things to your bag yeah for sure
because i think when i first came in to league i think that was my my my weakest area is my defensive game i struggled a lot in the d zone i wasn't hard
enough when i was like 18 19 and i think just uh i learned a lot about myself as a player and i put
a big emphasis on getting better in those areas over the past few years and i'm comfortable with
myself now in that area where i feel you know i can play in the d zone i can play pk i can do all
those things whereas now it's like all right now it's time to get the offensive going offensive side going a bit
and keep improving that area yeah 25 30 points is enough to be a liability like whit and you're
like he could be 59 one year yeah 59 at that point you can be a lot of talks for you all the time
he's like dude whit when he was in anaheim guy was dishing the puck back and yeah anaheim was
the beginning of the end i remember wait a minute my my so anaheim get traded to Anaheim, the guy was dishing the puck back and forth. Yeah, Anaheim was the beginning of the end.
Wait a minute.
So Anaheim gets traded to Anaheim, and the team's stacked.
Sorry to go into a little story about myself.
I'm shocking.
The team's stacked.
It's Pronger, Niedermeyer, Bosherman, Wisniewski, myself, Sheldon, Brookbank.
We went to Game 7 second round with Detroit.
They went on to lose to the Penguins.
Kunitz.
I then  the offseason happens, and, you know, they're like,
all right, you're going to play a bigger role because Pronger gets traded to Philly.
I believe it was Philly.
He's out.
Nita Meyer's like  you know, he's getting a little bit older.
Chirp.
So first game
No, but he had retired.
He had retired one year.
I don't even know if it was that year, But I don't even know what was the story there.
He was dominant when he played.
Fuck off.
So the first game of the year.
Now I'm top four there.
I'm planning on  they're going to need me to play big minutes.
We are down 1-0.
I think I was on the ice for the first goal.
Maybe 2-0.
It was 2-0.
I was on the ice for both goals.
And I get a pass over and I rip a one-timer
right off Patrick Marleau's
pads. He goes right down me,
buries on me. 3-0. We lose.
And it was over for me as a duck.
I was so shit. Randy didn't
like me to begin with. And then I
got traded halfway through that year.
I think he's thinking of the Pittsburgh days.
Maybe it was the Pittsburgh days. I could be wrong.
But I knew Giordano when we were younger,
so I've talked a couple times.
I went to the Quebec tournament in 1997.
We won it with the Kings.
He was a King.
South Shore King, right?
Giordano was on the team we beat.
That's why I want to talk to him.
No way.
I'm pretty sure he was on the Richmond Hill Stars.
If he wasn't on the team, he was in the tournament,
and we played him in another game.
So I've got to find out if he was on that Richmond Hill Stars team
or if it was another team in the tournament.
You want to rub it in? We were there together. Hey, Gio, how's the Norris taste? I got my fucking out if he was on that Richmond Hill Stars team or if it was another team in the tourney. You want to rub it in?
We were there together.
Hey, Gio, how's the Norris taste?
I got my fucking Quebec Twinkie flag.
And a makeout at La Colise.
Oh, man.
After you guys got bounced, did you keep watching the games?
No.
I was pretty much like, fuck this for a little bit.
But now I'm kind of keeping an eye on it now and watching.
I was pretty pissed after we lost.
You just go through that whole process.
You give up a lot.
You're gone for like two months.
And once you're there, you're like, fuck, let's just try to win.
Let's go all the way and do it.
And once we lost, I was pretty frustrated for a couple weeks.
But I'm back watching now.
Not like every game, but I'm keeping an eye on who's doing well
and watching the team so uh like do you think the you guys are up 2-1 12 seconds left they tie it
is like that like just yeah we had we had two you know tough ones where i think i forget which game
was but we we scored and then we scored again with like 10 seconds left to tie the game and we lost
in overtime and then we went into another game where we up. They scored six on five with like 10 seconds left
and they won overtime.
So those two games right there, like, man, you know,
it's just, it's crazy.
The playoffs, I mean, that was my second year
in the playoffs and it's just so insane,
like how quickly momentum can change.
And all of a sudden it's one bounce
and the fucking series is different.
And if you're up two nothing in a game,
we've said it three nothing.
It's like not even, if it's early, it's not even over.
So it's so weird how quick things, I know know because I thought that you guys were outplaying Dallas.
And then that one game, they get that late goal.
You're like, oh, my God.
3-1 series is probably over.
Well, then you think it's going to 7 for sure and then you guys are up 3 in that game 6.
And they just  yeah, that was tough.
That was a tough finish.
But, I mean, I think even when we played Winnipeg, we did such a good job physically.
We were running them pretty good.
I think Dallas' D did real good D core.
Guys who can move.
I think we just had a hard time establishing that physical.
Guys like Sam Bennett, who's just an animal in the playoffs.
He was killing guys every game, scoring, playing out of his mind.
I think even he was just like, it's just like this ddd can move so well so you you aren't
surprised to see him have gone as far as i i mean i thought i mean even like me and some of the guys
are talking we knew dallas was going to be like i thought they were going to be the hardest tasks
like coming you know through i thought if we got through dallas we were going to be like have so
much confidence momentum and and i mean they're a good hockey team you know they're just they're
just so hard to play against.
They're so good defensively.
Vets.
Yeah, there's vets.
So it was a tough series.
It was just frustrating because we had a lot of, you know,
chances to maybe put them away.
And it was a pretty, like what's that?
I think we played really well to start, and they kind of balanced it out.
It was back and forth.
But just to lose the way we did in those late, you know, endings,
it was pretty tough.
But it's playoffs, man.
Little Birdie told us you have a nickname, Brick.
Who said that, Brady?
No, Little Birdie told us.
Is that truth?
Whose nickname is Brick?
I don't even know where that came from.
I think, yeah, the boys in Calgary started calling me Brick like a month in.
The guy from Rocks for Brains?
I was like am i
am i just gonna get shit on my weatherman yeah yeah i think that's his buddy's name anchor man
anchor man when i say weatherman what the fuck am i talking about nice in the weather's brick
the weatherman in that show okay at least i have that going for me that's why you're brick no i
don't know i don't know why i'm brick i think some of the boys have started like calling it like
calling me as like a joke and then they just ran with it so would you consider yourself
a smart guy do you like like are you caught up on like maybe uh current events i would say that i
would say that i would say i would say like sometimes like common sense wise the boys in
the locker may not be like the smartest but if we're if we're talking like current topics like
i know my shit for sure.
Yeah, he's in.
I'm in.
Biz, ask him what's going on in current events.
Oh, well, I was going to ask.
I'm just kidding, Biz.
Don't ask me anything.
The Calgary Stampede got canceled,
but I heard you did go the year before.
No, I was supposed to.
I have not been on a stampede.
I was planning the whole year.
I was like, I'm going to go to Stampede this year.
We'll get you a Roman Swipe sponsorship.
We'll get you fucking.
You'll be crushing something in every single fucking porter potty at that goddamn Cowboys tent, you sick puppy.
I think, honestly, having a year off from the Stampede going into next year, I think it's going to be twice as long.
If it's a contract year, don't go to Stampede.
It takes fucking years off your life and your contract year, don't go to Stampede. It takes fucking years
off your life
and your contracts.
I want to go to Stampede.
I've never been there.
Commodore,
since the day I met him
on one of those golf trips
10 years ago.
Commodore,
he came to the golf trip
off the Stampede one year.
He's a different human being.
He said it just crushes you.
14 days or something like that.
He comes in like a boot outfit
like he's had like some epiphany after his 14 day heater at fucking can't hit the ball it is
it's on it's something i've like i've never seen these i've heard like all the boys like
chucky like benny and all these guys are just like man you have to come even johnny johnny's
johnny he's like i love fourth of july because it's usually during the fourth of july and everyone
he's like i love the fourth of july he's like you can't even you have to go to stampede he's like, I love Fourth of July because it's usually during the Fourth of July when everyone goes. Of course he does. He's a Jersey Shore. He's like, I love the Fourth of July.
He's like, you have to go to Stampede.
He's like, it's three times as fun.
You have to do it.
Johnny was in the parade the one year on Riding the Horse and he had Gucci fucking high tops on.
He was wearing Louis jeans and Gucci shoes like skipping down Ninth Ave on the fucking horse.
Oh my God. he's a legend
hey i took uh i took a rumor uh hook line and sinker about how he showed up out of out of shape
to camp dude and i felt terrible yeah he probably never will come on again i know i fucked us up
no he definitely probably he probably doesn't even know like he's like no i texted him i said
hey bud like he could they were like reporting it at tsn and shit and i was like i remember you said it like who i go who said it i remember the night he goes like
yeah did you leave that he goes he's wicked out of shape i said says who he's like the media
like front page like calgary herald like johnny gaudreau out of shape
and then uh give me give me a second here. Oh, my God.
I can't believe you're suing him.
And then Chicklets Memes posted a fucking picture.
Oh, yeah, he's a fat boy. Of Johnny Goudreau in one of those carts.
I wasn't even mad anymore that I created this rumor that he came in out of shape
oh just the fact that you're suing him like that too is so johnny i'm sorry but it was worth it
we knew you weren't out of shape it was worth a good meme you're a victim to the meme god
chicklets memes oh no after your first season in calgary it was your first time in the playoffs
as well obviously you had the crowds last year the fans last year was it everything you would anticipate it as a kid
growing up was even bigger than that what was that yeah i mean i think um even being in calgary we
had the whole sea of red going which is something i heard was pretty hyped up and just to experience
that it was wild like the whole city i mean that's a cool thing about playing in the canadian market
is you know there's a lot of pressure to do well but I mean when you're in the
playoffs and like you have the whole city behind you
and like every bar is buzzing
and on the street
and the rinks just going crazy I mean it's
a pretty cool atmosphere it's a cool experience
I mean unfortunately
we lost last year to Colorado and this
year we didn't have any fans but I mean
that was one of the coolest experiences
of my career for sure.
I think there's just this massive,
like being able to provide somebody else that much joy
where you win a series and they look at you like you're fucking God.
You've made their year.
Yeah, and they get to chirp fucking Rick from Red Deer
who's rooting for the Oilers that year online,
and they just love it.
Yeah, they do.
I mean, that's the cool part, like I said, about playing in Canada.
When you're doing well, it's unbelievable.
It's totally different than anything I've  yeah.
Well, I wouldn't know, but I could tell it's the best.
You're getting fucking 50 off Aldo, every Aldo.
Oh, you're getting Orange Julius for free.
You're getting to look at the  Edon. You get a couple of double doubles,
like a Ferrari from like 93 in it.
People were like,
Oh my God.
I thought it was like the DeLorean.
Hey,
how about,
how about the year?
Uh,
Halsey got the Ford deal and they put like the four and the head.
Yeah.
So Halsey Nugent Hopkins and EBS got trucks,
right?
You know,
like they're star rookies.
So
they made these trucks, dude,'re star rookies.
Did they have to sign the headrest?
They made these trucks, dude.
I got the pictures so we can have the Instagram put up.
They got these trucks.
The seats are orange and blue, oil-less colors, and the name and their numbers in the headrest.
Shut up.
Oh, yeah.
Four, haul, and just the royal blue and the orange all over the truck.
And then they sold them off at the end of the year,
and the guys signed the headrest.
Who were the guys on the year on Calgary getting the deals?
Johnny, for sure.
Johnny, yeah.
Lin Holm. Gucci loafers.
Lin Holm's a stud.
Lin Holm is a stud.
He's a Swedish stud.
Sick player.
He's getting the soup, Brandon.
Johnny.
I mean, Calgary is like Edmonton.
You've got tons of snow.
It's crazy weather. Johnny's
zipping around in his G-Wagon, Matt Black.
Everyone in the city sees only Matt Black
G-Wagon in the city. Everyone knows who he is.
He's zipping down. He's great.
What about locker room
tunes now? What's going on? Rhino took over.
Ronaldo. Zach Ronaldo.
He did a good job.
Let me see this thing we're throwing over
the picture of halsey's truck with the custom leather seats gosh he was ripped he didn't drive
that one for once they would all rip around edmonton in their locker room trucks that is
unbelievable that's edmonton that's canada for you um so he was a good addition too like he kind
of had that spark as well. Oh, I love Ryan.
He's awesome.
Yeah, he was such a good  just brings so much energy every day.
Just an awesome Lockham guy.
When he plays, he plays so hard.
So hard.
Killer, man.
Yeah, I love that guy.
He's  I think he's a free agent this year.
So I think a lot of us are just hoping we get to re-sign him and bring him back
because he was huge for our team.
Did he get Looch going a bit too?
They fed off each other?
Oh, yeah.
They fed off each other. Dude, yeah, they fed off each other.
Dude, they dyed their hair blonde and shit.
I know.
That's when you knew they were the fucking best bros.
We're in warm-ups, and you'd see Looch and Rhino
skating along the red line, like, staring at guys.
They had their blonde hair.
It's like junior shit, and I love it.
They're just maniacs.
They're taking it back to the dog.
I'm like, if I was on the other team,
and I saw Rhino and Looch eyeing guys down
on their bleach blonde hair, I'd be like,
are you shit?
Oh, and all those from Hamilton, dude.
Those guys are fucking street thugs. Yeah, yeah. like yeah they'll like hit you with a fucking crowbar
oh man yeah they're uh tough dudes both of them but rhino is awesome i love him he took over the
tunes and uh once we went to the playoffs because i think anderson had the tunes going and sorry
but they're trash so he was playing no. No, it wasn't even trash.
All the Euros loved it.
He was playing crazy techno stuff.
So all the Euros were like, yeah, yeah.
And then Rhino kind of just took over and it was good.
You can't get the endorphins going too much before the game.
That's what I think Rhino did good.
He started off pretty mellow, good tunes.
And then right before, he was jacking it up. Are you guys the team that cuts music off a couple times before you go out for a warm-up no we usually right up yeah we go right
up like even when we're walking oh there's that's great i remember yeah i might have played on one
team that did that i loved it because i always said the reason i loved it is you still have all
the time after yeah to be quiet in the room and talk and get it going oh yeah you're going with
a warm-up who cares oh yeah god gary roberts would come in 16 seconds before warm-ups literally it just kills the buzz like
i need to go out with the with the i hear yeah exactly that way you're just throwing that hair
in the wind when it's long noah yeah you're plugged i'm like this my fucking scalp comes off
they'll put the with the home alone gif of the guy getting electrocuted up. Harry?
No, I'm the other guy.
Harry?
Isn't Harry Joe Pesci?
No, Harry's the guy that gets electrocuted.
Yeah, I'm Harry.
You're Harry.
Some guy called me Harry and he looked like a skinny.
What's the other guy's name?
I know they'll mob and Harry, but I'm not a big home alone guy.
Harry would have a dialogue.
I wanted to ask you about this Mangiopani.
Is that how you say it?
Mangiopani, yeah.
He's a fucking solid little player.
Yeah, awesome dude.
Yeah, he is.
He's another guy who came up from Stockton.
He was up and down a little bit last year,
and then this year he's just full-time playing second line.
He's playing with Kachuk a lot.
Just a real good player.
Like a lot of hockey sense.
Plays hard.
Smaller guy, but no, I love Mangiopani.
Yeah, he kind of came out. Another good locker room Smaller guy. But no, I love Magic.
Yeah, he kind of came out.
Another good lock-on guy too.
Like beauty.
He was getting a little stubborn at the beginning of the year with his contract.
No, he was.
Boys are all over him about it.
Yeah, but.
If a guy holds out, you get better.
But dude, he knew his value.
He fucking backed it up.
Fucking right.
Go get your money, bro.
He's a sick player.
Yeah.
I like guys who fucking bark back a little bit.
He's probably like, Monaghan, give me a couple of your millions motherfucker i know seriously when you have
end of the year meetings with front offices general managers or whatever um do you think
they're gonna maybe i don't know if grading on the curves the right terminology but do you think
it might be a little different this year given the pandemic that might not be as harsh on some guys
and i'm not i don't mean you particularly no yeah yeah no i think uh probably
more of a focus towards just like the bubble and that whole like because there was so much time in
between it was almost like an off season in between the playoffs and the regular season so
it was just such a strange year um so i'd probably say yeah i mean we had we had a month-long camp
and we went and we had two rounds so we played a lot of hockey um we came back. So I'm sure that's probably going to be the focus point, I would say.
You playing any G?
Playing any golf?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I've been playing.
How's the game?
I feel like every hockey guy from around here plays golf.
Yeah.
I don't understand what  actually, I'll take that back.
If you don't play golf or fish in the offseason as a hockey player,
I don't know what you're doing.
No, I don't get it. You're just ripping it up in Vegas,
crushing straight-up rockets and just ripping it up at night.
But some people like to be competitive in the offseason.
I started playing probably three or four years ago when I joined Wally.
But every time I get to play, I try to get out there,
and it's a blast, man.
It's like Biz said, all the Boston guys play,
so it's easy to get out there, like Hazy or Keith and and all those guys so it's a blast who are you golfing
with all the time he's just doing a little sandwich what'd you say i heard he did yeah
that's a trap big you're there too right yeah big so what does that mean like what you can't go
join old sandwich or do you have to be like i think it's he could he down there, dude. He could. He's a baller. Can I see his contract? Can I?
See his contract?
What are you making?
Bank.
Yeah, I would love to get an old sandwich.
Yeah, come on.
Let's do it.
Is this like where it starts? Four years left at 4.950, by the way.
Eight under five.
Is there like a, I feel like it's like some cult where you got to do some like crazy initiation.
I know.
Especially old sandwich.
I feel like there's not a lot of members there.
No, there's not.
There's not a ton.
Well, they have
national members
and local members.
You're all walking
with the fucking rolls.
Yeah, the skulls.
Bye-bye.
Bushwood.
Thank you so much.
No, we're not ending this,
are we?
Okay, good.
Fine.
This has been a blast.
I'm having a good time.
You're our last interview
before we leave Boston.
This has been a long trip. I know. I wish I got to come in a little bit earlier and hang out with you time. You're our last interview before we leave Boston. This has been a long trip.
I wish I got to come in a little bit earlier and hang out with you guys.
Do you think someday, 15 years, you'll live here?
In the city?
Yeah.
In mass?
In mass.
Yeah, 100.
I'm a homebody, man.
I love being home.
I love Boston.
All my friends, all my family here.
So I'm not going anywhere.
I know.
I never considered living anywhere else. I don't know how people would do that. With a cabin. And I feel like such a biased friends, all my family here. So I'm not going anywhere. I never considered living anywhere else.
I don't know how people would do that.
With like a cabin in there.
And I feel like such a biased asshole when I talk about Boston.
All the boys are like, oh my God.
But I'm like, man, it's the best.
I love it here.
I know.
And if you're from, I don't know, if you're from a really small town somewhere in the
United States, Canada, and then you end up playing in a city like Chicago or something,
I don't understand.
You can see it.
I think being from here, you don't see many guys who are from here
make the NHL not live here after.
Yeah.
No, you don't.
This work takes them somewhere.
And then a chalet in Banff, and that would be perfect.
Nice little bounce around with the A-frame there.
Banff's sick.
Banff is sick.
That late there.
There's a pretty nasty course there.
I like that.
Yeah, there is.
We went to Jasper for camp with the Oilers one year, and played it was that was sick i don't think that's necessarily as big as
banff i could be way wrong there but it was still same type setting unreal mountains beautiful golf
there was a moose on the green i came up to a hole there was i got a picture that too a giant
moose this thing must have been 10 feet tall i uh i think jasper was when we had that uh i was in
training camp with the kings and and they had this craft spill,
and we were playing against the Oilers in Jasper.
And my first two shifts of the game, we got cut out there against McDavid.
I played like five shifts the whole game.
I didn't know you were in the league with McDavid.
No, it was exhibition.
I was with the Kings.
They made me go up there because the vets didn't want to.
My first two shifts, we got cut out there and hemmed out against McDavid.
Dude, the puck was in the back of our net faster
than you could have said Jack Graham.
Both shifts.
Both shifts.
Both shifts.
Such a joke.
I played like...
That guy is insane.
Oh, that's when I knew it was a game skate.
That was the video game moment where I was like,
I will never get a sniff at the National Hockey League game.
It's over.
It's over.
How about if he gets it with one step and you're a little flat footed and you're like,
oh my god, there's zero chance.
On TV, he looks absurdly fast.
But on the ice, it's even crazier, man.
He comes at you and you're like, all right, I'm flying backwards.
But I have a good gap.
And then he just  it's like youth hockey.
That best player can skate around.
I know.
And I don't know how he does it. He is such a good skater. he just like it's like youth hockey like that best player can skate around I know and he I don't know how he does it
like he is such a good skater
he just like on his edges
and everything
he just walks around guys
and when he's on his edges
he's still like crossing
over hard
he's just gaining more speed
and just
yeah
not to interrupt you
but just like how well
he can make plays
at that speed too
like he's making like
no look dishes
through guys sticks
going 100 miles an hour
it's like it's crazy
he's so good it's nuts yeah he's completely he's on the juice on another level
that's what you're that's what you're insinuating right he's on the juice
this is a flames player saying mcdavid's on the juice gary roberts stick those needles in my ass
are we done oh okay we got more i know you said you were down at the Vineyard earlier.
Obviously, the schedule is much on the fly right now as far as next season.
And Americans are very limited in where we can vacation.
But you get any other trips planned?
Maybe somewhere in the continental U.S.?
Yeah.
I'm probably going down to Florida in October at some point.
Ooh, nice.
Try to play some golf.
The Florida guy.
Oh, should we get him for a sandbagger?
We were going to do him this week.
I was gone, though.
We were going to do him. You got the rat rink and stuff. Yeah, we get him for a sandbagger? We were going to do him this week. I was gone, though. We were going to do him.
You got the rat rink instead.
Yeah, we get the rat rink.
Yeah, I'll be down.
I'm a rat rink.
Golf or the Atlantic side?
I think I'm probably going to go down the Naples area.
Nice.
Calusa.
Yeah, I got a couple of family friends down there.
I remember some nice courses.
So if you might buy these, I'm going to go down.
Are you going down in October? No, I'm going down there members at some nice courses so if you're my buddy he's going to go down are you going down
in October
no I'm going down
in February
oh yeah
for the month
but I'm going to
Pinehurst in October
oh yeah
Pinehurst is sweet
it's awesome
have you been there before
yeah it's a blast
we have a group of buddies
that's in Florida
that's like outside Raleigh
like an hour from Raleigh
they're known to bring men
to tears too
yeah
no shit what the hell is that what's so special about it so it's like outside Raleigh. They're known to bring men to tears too. Yeah. No shit.
What the hell is that?
What's so special about it?
So it's like Donald Ross lived there and I think there's eight courses.
There's eight tracks.
There's eight courses and there's also like a par three course that's really fun.
And they have like a US Open like every five years basically.
It's a world classic.
One of the hardest, coolest courses in the country.
But the cool thing is you can't lose a ball. But it's a world classic one of the hardest coolest courses in the country but the
cool thing is you can't lose a ball but it's impossible like you hit it off the fairway
you're in like the the pine straw and yeah you will never lose it there's dirt and everywhere
yeah there's sand everywhere and then you get to the greens and these greens are just like
donald ross if you're a golf nerd you know what i mean like you hit up there it goes to the top
it rolls back down 50 yards short of the green
they're all slow it fucks with you
it's mental warfare it's an amazing place
though if you like golf so I'm going down
there in October actually and it's funny enough
we have a 12 man
trip every year we go in April but
this year we had to move it so October
we're going we have a hole in one pool
so every year everyone throws in 100 bucks
so 1200 the first year and then we got it to 2400 for after the second year well my boy falls the
prankster he's been investing this money dude so it was at 2400 we got it up to 8800 in the market
so now hole-in-one if you make a hole-in-one you take the pot so if this goes fucking 10 more years
without any of us getting an ace which easily could happen this thing could be a hundred grand
so yeah i'm excited about that have you had one yet no i'll never get one oh you don't know the in 10 more years without any of us getting an ace which easily could happen. This thing could be a hundred grand. So yeah,
I'm excited about that.
Have you had one yet?
No,
I'll never get one.
You don't know the story?
What's the story?
You want to tell it again?
I enjoy hearing it
every time.
I didn't know
anything about golf.
I didn't play golf.
My grandfather sent me
and my buddy golfing
at his golf course,
Woods Hole in Falmouth.
Beautiful course.
I was 14 or 15.
No, I think we got beers that night.
We were 16 or 16, say.
I didn't give a shit.
We were just out there.
He was pretty good, my buddy Jack.
He's always playing.
I was terrible.
And I just went home, and my grandpa was like, how was golf?
My grampy on rear, I got a hole in one.
I don't know.
I was just fucking around well
i didn't know i didn't know like you didn't know like how i didn't know how like big of a deal it
was full-blown liabilities he goes out makes me a plaque no way i never told him and he passed away
so i'll never get one like the karma of that and like i didn't understand like the significance of
like a hole in one by the way my mother's played golf like four times in her life like she has a hole in one there was a hundred yard hole she hit her driver it rolled on the
ground and went in the hole did you understand the significance of lying to your grandfather
don't know i was more fucking with him i thought yeah some people just like get them though like
so you know remember billy like the guy met the fallon last year my dad my dad's buddy like his
dad was a huge golfer.
He had like 12 or 13 hole-in-ones.
And he got like most of them
when he was like 70 or over.
12 or 13?
Yeah, hitting like hybrids off par threes,
like three goals.
The hybrids the way.
Like he was a sick golfer.
But he was like old.
He was getting like all these hole-in-ones.
Like it's just weird how people...
Hey, so his buddy's dead.
Well, before we say that,
Kevin Stevens came over.
We didn't mention his hole in the line.
Yeah, he got one yesterday.
Just going Indian Pond.
We'll have to pump that up when we drop his interview, though.
Yeah.
That was sick to hear.
It was his first one, too, he said, right?
Yes.
So Noah's dad...
Noah brings to the member guest at Wallace and the Falun Club, he brings his dad's buddy.
What's his name?
Billy Pender.
Billy Pender. This guy is hilarious. So he's cracking everyone up. No one knows him, but just like unreal dude. at wallace in the found cup he brings his dad's buddy what's his name billy pender billy pender
this guy is hilarious so he's cracking everyone up no one knows him but just like unreal dude
he's hanging out it's a great time everyone's having a time and a half crushing beers so the
last day the last day of the journey it's a long weekend everyone's drinking all weekend i got a
buddy who's just wrecked crippled and he goes to put in a dip he goes to put in a
pouch and he's like waffled and the pouch rips open and it dips all over him he's got shit all
over his mouth some of it's on his lip where it should be just looking a mess and he pulls up
to hannifin's dad and his buddy billy and the guy billy just looks before he could say a word he goes would you
blow the cooking monster dude he had shit all over he didn't even know my buddy and he was like
choked at first but then it was so funny like he could not laugh like everyone was like kind of
rattled because he didn't know yeah but it was everyone was laughing so hard that if you didn't
laugh at it like i wish i was in the family to bring him back this
year man he's so that guy was so beautiful comedy do you have any more questions all right um i
might think i kind of run through the gamut on my i always ask about guys oh my god i was gonna ask
about monahan that guy oh he's the best you guys do you guys uh laugh at that they got a twitter
account because he's a pretty vanilla guy yeah he's like he won't give you nothing he's like
the most monotone guy we interviewed him it would just be like one word would he give us anything i think
yeah like he's one of the funniest guys on our team like dry sense of humor he'll be saying
something he won't change his emotion at all but like he'll just say the funniest shit in the world
and he'll be crying he's one of those guys but like good sense of humor like i think he'd be
hilarious honestly maybe i think he's a quiet guy. I don't understand how some of these guys,
they can't one day just with the media
start fucking with them a little bit.
Because they get asked the same shit all the time.
Hockey professionals, some old school guys.
They just won't give you an inch.
Yeah, they won't let you.
I think it's slowly starting to change a bit.
You're seeing some, not nearly as much as it could be.
Like, Hockey, I think, has some of the funniest characters.
Oh, it's crazy.
Guys started, like, fully being themselves.
Imagine if guys started, like, fucking with the media.
Like, just joking and interviewing themselves.
Oh, my God.
We need it.
We need it.
The media would be flipping out.
They can't get a serious answer.
Oh, man.
Yeah, it's...
Derek Sanderson, we had him on.
He said every time he got asked the same question by a media member,
he'd have a different answer for it.
So they'd be asking these questions in the pile that are very similar,
and he's given like  contradicting himself,
but he was doing it to fuck with them.
That's unreal.
Completely tee him up.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Oh, no, it was great to chat with you.
It's been a while.
Two years.
We were at the New Balance Arena.
Yeah, man.
Thanks for having me, bro.
Dude, yeah, we appreciate you coming on,
and more success to you in the next few years.
Thanks, boys.
Absolutely.
Thanks again.
Big thanks to local lad Noah Hanfin
stopping by the old Chicklets compound we had
to do a nice little interview.
I'm not sure if we did the tally yet, Biz,
for the challenging Robert Portuzzo,
but do you know how many times he said you know?
I don't know, but we got some psycho fan that's going to count them all.
That's the craziest part about this podcast,
is some nut job at home is going to count how many you knows he dropped
to see if he beat Bobby, you know, or Artuzzo.
And if, in fact, he did dethrone Bobby, you know, or Artuzzo,
we're going to have to get Bobby, you know, or two. So, and if in fact he did dethrone Bobby, you know, or two. So we're going to have to get Bobby, you know, or two.
So back on a little, little, you know, we got to talk about Alex Petrangelo.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
Let me see.
I get that.
It looks like he's moving on.
Talks with the blues broke off.
He's going to be UFA on October 9th.
Uh, his quote was, there was a discussion on Friday,
and I guess the best way to sum it up, we haven't really made much progress.
Our pal Andy Strickland says the contract structure is the biggest hurdle.
It's kind of an organizational philosophy versus a representation philosophy.
Again, going back to NHL rumors, once again, he said on Friday afternoon
the sides were about two million
apart and that he'd hit you a UFA that night Darren Drager basically confirmed the NID report
that he would be going to unrestricted free agency under Tom Stillman and Doug Armstrong
the team has never built signing bonuses into a deal presumably that's something they're trying
to do of course they gave a lot of money to Justin Falk. They did assume the cap was going to go up. Of course, that didn't happen.
He did not return.
He did not rule out a return to the Blues.
Biz, what's your take on this guy?
Well, last I heard as far as what they offered was maybe 7.7 or 7.5,
anywhere in that range.
But what they wouldn't do is they wouldn't tell them the structure of the deal.
That's what i heard anyway and then it comes out that uh petrangelo's camp is asking as high as 9.25 just above the contract of preds uh defenseman roman yosi of 9.059 aav yosi also has 34 million
in signing bonuses built into that first four years of his contract so
i don't know i don't know if this is them just playing hardball and eventually they'll come back
but as you said it seems as if though these two people are gonna are these two what do you call
them two parties yeah are gonna part ways and yeah i guess it sucks it sucks he's a very good defenseman there's uh there's rumors
that toronto is extremely interested not know where they're going to fit him in as far as a
budget's concern uh and then vegas golden knights so i don't know it's uh it's a shitty situation
i'm sure that a lot of the fans are upset given that this is the captain that brought them their
first ever stanley cup definitely And he's a heart.
It's a business, and you're on the other side of 30,
and you're a depreciating asset in this business.
So as much as he is and has plenty of years left of being really good,
there's teams and decisions to be made in terms of like well we've gotten a lot out of him he's
been an amazing player he brought us the stanley cup but do we want to be tied into somebody who
maybe on the last few years of this deal won't be the player he is so it's just the it's the
business part of it and it sucks for him because i'm sure he wanted to play for one team his entire
career and it sucks for blues fans that really loved him.
But I think wherever he goes next, now he'll pick a good team, I'm guessing.
He's not going to just take more money, I wouldn't think at least, to go on anyone.
He's probably going to try to go to a team to win another one
and shove it in their hoop.
Another case of the coronavirus bending another free agent over DP style.
Actually, boys, this news is a bit of a shocker.
It actually broke right after we recorded last episode.
Minnesota traded Eric Stahl to Buffalo for Marcus Johansson.
Stahl did not have Buffalo on his 10 team.
Do not trade me their list.
Oops. St uh stall he's
gonna be 36 when the next season starts making three and a quarter mil uh joe hansen will be
30 when the next season starts he'll be making four and a half mil both guys unrestricted after
the next season whenever it gets played um what what's your reaction this trade man it's just it
was just kind of like one of those like huh like huh? Like, not so much a one-for-one, just the stoggone Buffalo.
It just seemed like out of left field.
Yeah, it did.
And the only explanation is Billy Guerin's quotes.
And I don't remember exactly what he said, but the whole point was,
if I don't change things here, it's just going to be the same thing again.
I got to make changes, which I respect.
I think you go in and, yeah, maybe some of them are kind of random and maybe some of them end up not working. But
if you've had kind of a stagnant issue with a team not really being able to get over the hump,
well, go in and move some big pieces around and try to make some big changes. So
that's where they're at. It's definitely odd, though, to see Stahl get traded then.
What's his cap at now?
Three?
Three and a quarter.
And Johansson is four and a half?
Four and a half, yeah.
Yeah, so they're looking to just maybe have a guy who's a little quicker,
can create offense a little bit better in their minds,
and Buffalo's looking for a veteran to try to help out some of these young guys,
get things figured out.
I think Stahl got interviewed, and I think one of the of the questions was like were you giving any type of heads up and
i don't think that i don't know what the protocol is here right because you know billy g's a well
respected guy apparently he didn't give him the heads up and you think that maybe stall's been
around long enough where you know at least you're going to get the heads up. You're getting shifted over to Buffalo. And as far as not having Buffalo on your 10 team, no trade clause.
Maybe he thought it was like, that was like a guaranteed league wide rule.
Like Buffalo was automatically a part of that.
No move clause, you know, like maybe,
maybe the agent's not collecting the 3 for this year.
It is noteworthy.
When he won his cutback with Carolina in 2006,
Buffalo General Manager Kevin Adams was a member of that squad as well.
I don't know if they're boys or whatever, but there is a history there.
And, yeah, they probably just want some.
They better be boys.
He's going to have to beg them not to retire now.
And it looks like that pencil in Johansson as a center in Minnesota,
he was great.
I mean, we had him here in Boston briefly.
He was, I thought, outstanding with the run he had here.
When he's healthy, he's a hell of a player.
So we'll see where he ends up.
Other big wild news.
We got some Minnesota wild news for the fans this week.
Not necessarily good.
They also won't be re-signing 37-year-old captain Mikko Koivu.
He's the team-slash- team slash franchise leader in games assists and points among other categories uh he was the first play to
play all 1000 nhl games with mini uh 1028 total uh he's the only full-time captain that the
franchise has ever had since 09 they did the rotating thing before that um boys uh let's go
to you first because you think he sticks around or what?
I think he hangs it up, goes back to Sweden.
I think a prime situation.
Much like.
Yeah, I'm reading your hands.
Same thing, Ari, same thing.
Just say that to them.
I think you're looking at a Pavelski situation where, you know,
he gets one last kick at the can and goes to a winner and takes a. I mean, I don't think he's going to be getting paid like Pavelski, but maybe like a one or two year deal and can provide that leadership.
And just even going back to the Stahl situation, I think he's going to go to Buffalo and he's the probably be good for the younger guys in Buffalo to get a wily veteran like Eric Stahl,
who has still been able to produce in the last four years.
I mean, when he moved over to Minnesota,
I think his first year there, he had 42 tucks.
So, you know, as far as Mikko Koivu, a great tenure with Minnesota.
They were never able to get over the hurdle,
but just a great, solid player from Finland. He's never able to get over the hurdle, but just a great, solid player
from Finland. He's been able to represent
his country, and I hope that he's one of those guys
that ends up moving over to a winning team
where he can have a little bit of fun
and not have necessarily that pressure
that he's had in Minnesota as captain
the last decade.
Yeah, he'll be, let's see,
38 in March.
I played against him sorry i played
against him at uh starting an international tournament at like 17 he's 83 and i remember
from the first time we ever played against flint i was like this guy he was just like a man he was
so much stronger than everyone in front of the net he was like a bull but he was so skilled he was
like running their power play i was like this is what a future NHL player looks like.
And he ended up being a  fuck, I wish I  he was a top ten pick in 01.
Sixth overall.
Yeah, this guy was
Nice win.
Nice win.
This guy was incredible.
And so I've always kind of really admired his game.
And I got to play with his brother, Saku, in Anaheim,
who everyone knows what he's been through and battled throughout his amazing career.
So I think it's just a family of guys who their teammates love playing with them.
And I think he'll definitely get one more chance.
I don't think he'll get much money at all because he's had a bunch of injuries too.
Well, that's what I was saying.
I think it's a situation where you go in and like,
I mean, look at Paddy Maroon.
He went down to Tampa Bay, took 900 to go to a winning team.
You look at Shattenkirk who got bought out, went down to a winning team.
I think this is a guy who could go be a fourth-line center
on a very solid team who wants to make a push for the cup.
And I'd imagine with all the money he's made,
he'd be willing to do so for a million bucks.
Yeah, that's pretty much where he played a lot of this season.
Like I said, four goals, 17 assists in 55 games.
He had been battling injuries the last couple of years.
5.5 million he made.
So yeah, he'll be for sure taking a pay cut after that.
But considering per cap friendly, he's made over 69 million in his career.
I'm sure he won't mind a pay cut to play another season.
Of course, we're curious to see if he extends his career elsewhere.
It's always nice to go a little longer if you can.
That's why you guys should check out Roman Swipes.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
but thinking about Tom Brady's stat lines as a Buccaneer don't always work.
The folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting, and the best part, they don't require a prescription.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging, and each swipe packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
packaging and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it they're super easy to use you just take the swipes out of the packet swipe it on let it dry and you're
good to good to good to go that's it so go to get roman.com slash chicklets and you can get your
first month of swipes for just five dollars when you choose a monthly plan that's get roman.com
slash chicklets extend that career a little bit for yourselves
boys uh question here eric stall jesus christ i didn't realize how many games he's played 1240
games by the time he's done with if he plays let's say let's say he gets two more years in and gets
uh gets right now he's at 1021 points is he a hall of famer
1,021 points.
Is he a Hall of Famer?
1,021 points?
Stanley Cup winner.
Oh, man.
I don't know, man.
There's such a backlog right now of guys who need to get in.
R.A., you mentioned that when the last induction took place,
or at least they announced the last guys.
How many gold medals does he have too?
He's got Vancouver.
Did he,
was he in Sochi?
I'm not sure.
I'm going to say,
no,
he wasn't in Sochi.
So yeah,
he's another fringe guy.
Yeah.
It's going to quite the career.
I'm going to be interested in the next several years because there were so
many hall of fame worthy players that we've seen.
And you know,
the guys who you think you're going to get in don't because they vote in some guy who's been on the ballot for 25 years and we
didn't think was the hall of famer so i'm sure there'll be a lot of pissing and moaning in the
next few novembers uh moving along a few other notes here the penguins announced they signed a
two-year 5.88 million dollar extension for 24 year old forward jared mccann annual cap hit of 2.94 million he had 14 goals 21 assists in 66 games last year
uh joel edmondson signed with the habs he got some nice little pay for himself four year 14
million dollar deal of course they traded a fifth rounder for his rights about a week ago it's going
to be a 3.5 million dollar annual cap hit uh for the 27 yearyear-old defenseman. He spent last season with the Canes after winning the Cup with the Blues.
Seven goals, 13 assists in 68 games last year.
Let's see what else we got here.
Jim, mind?
Well, let me touch on Edmondson here.
For a guy who's a warrior, for him to get term is nice.
That's the meal ticket right there,
and I couldn't have been more happy for him. I
shot him a text and he was over the moon about it. So congratulations to Joel Edmondson. And who was
the other guy you just mentioned as well? Jared McCann. Penguins gave him a two-year extension.
Yeah. I think that's a fair deal. I think he had Arbright's and I think he might've gotten a little
bit more, but I think in order to play in Pittsburgh and have a chance to be on a winning team and a chance at the Cup,
I think he's a nice little piece.
He came over in that trade from Florida with Bukestad.
Was he in that same trade, Whit?
Not positive, bud.
Well, I think he was, and you're an idiot for not knowing that,
so we can move on.
Alrighty then.
I'll take that. I'll take that.
I wasn't really listening to you, though.
Oh, boys, boys, boys.
All right, let's see.
We're fading, all right?
We're fading.
Ah, fuck, no, no.
No, we're not.
Well, good.
No, I really was.
I was actually looking at a couple pictures.
I apologize for that, Biz.
Yeah, actually, Biz biz penguins did they
did get bugstag in bugstad and mckinnon that same trade for brisada and riley sheen wow
biz is feeling it he added his fucking notepad that nerd
i'm fucking high stepping right now plus two dion style a couple hits with a couple block shots
i'm like the a Alexiak of the podcast
five goals three assists for him so far
in the playoffs he's been a little bit of an offensive
powerhouse himself
Alexiak's got five tucks
holy shit
absolutely
some front office news as well
Jim Montgomery
last guy to coach Dallas before a bonus
of course he had some personal issues that resulted in him being dismissed.
Well, he's back to work.
He signed with St. Louis as an assistant.
And you know what?
Good for him.
We're glad to hear he's in a much better place.
You know, the guy didn't do anything criminal.
He basically had some insubordination at work, some personal issues.
He addressed them openly, which, again, we've talked about before,
isn't an easy thing to do with your family let alone publicly publicly and in such a huge forum so uh hopefully again he's doing well he's
back to work and things are looking up for him uh Manny Malhotra went to Toronto as a bench
assistant uh he was one of the sort of eye in the sky assistants for Vancouver so this is obviously
a move up the ladder for him so congrats to Manny Malhotra. He was a great player, great professional as well.
Arizona officially signed Bill Armstrong as its GM.
It was sort of a rumor when we last talked with you folks, but it's official now.
He was the Blues assistant GM slash director of amateur scouting for the previous two seasons.
Per Pierre Lebrun, it's a five-year deal at around 1 million per year,
which is similar to fellow first-time GM Bill Zito, what he got in Florida.
Biz, I don't know if you want to chime in there.
I know it's all about your new boss or whatever,
but feel free to pass it along if you want.
Who? About Bill Armstrong?
He's coming on the podcast.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, we're going to get him on in the next couple weeks, guys.
Really excited about this guy.
Worked under Doug Armstrong.
I don't think there's any relation, right?
No.
I didn't see any yet.
No, I looked for it.
I noted that.
Listen, the good news is he worked under Doug Armstrong,
and he knows what the fuck he's doing.
So I'm really excited to see what he can do with the Coyotes.
I know there's a lot of talk surrounding the team and the fact that they're
trying to move guys. Oliver Ekman-Larsen
is in the conversation and the fact that
Boston's talking about it right now.
Did you guys read that? Yeah, I did read that.
Kick the ties, as they say.
What's that mean? What's that term?
Basically, it just means... Hey,
you might trade him. What are you thinking here?
What would you ever want for OEL?
To me, it just means the general manager is doing his job.
That's what they're supposed to do, ask around and kick tires on guys.
All right.
The U.S. Open was this weekend, and most guys look pretty good out there,
but I thought a couple guys could have used the chicklets bump
when it came to fashion.
Let me tell you about Peter Millar, guys.
Biz, have you ever seen these quarter zips I wear from Peter Millar?
They're the most perfect golf attire.
And every single, like, cool morning, you know, right now I teed off today.
It was about 50 degrees.
So I had, you know, a little long sleeve shirt, and then I throw on my Peter Millar quarter zip.
It's perfect.
It's a great price point, right around 100.
Easy carry.
You can throw it in your golf bag.
Weighs nothing.
And just looks sharp.
Actually, at night, I take showers, and then I put our NBD sweatpants on,
and then I chuck on my Peter Millar quarter zip.
And then I go down, and I roll out, and I stretch a little bit,
trying to keep my body fit and not disgusting.
But Peter Millar helps me not look disgusting either because it's
perfect. So I think that
you got to check it out.
They have the car to course
comfort. That's what they say and that's what they
want me to read. And it's true. You know what I mean?
You sit in the car, you're wearing it, you just walk
to the course and you look good. So
please go petermillar.com
slash chicklets. Go there now
and use code BARSTOOL at checkout for a complimentary performance hat.
So you can rock a little lid too with your quarter zip.
So check it out, Peter Millard, where it's at.
There was a guy in the US Open who was rocking it.
A lot of guys were rocking it.
Well, one of them that said Peter Millard on the back of it, Henry English?
Harris English, I believe it was. Yeah, he was rocking it. Peter Millard on the back of it. Henry English? Harris English, I believe it was.
Yeah, he was rocking Peter Millar as well.
The crown.
Pretty anticlimactic finish.
What did DeChambeau end up winning it by?
I had the football.
He won by six.
Yeah.
Crazy performance.
I was playing golf, so I didn't see a ton.
I watched today, and I mean,
this guy has just totally changed changed the game in a sense because i think he hit
four of his last 21 fairways he's just hitting it as far as humanly possible and he hits it straight
i mean he's relatively very straight the for how far he's hitting it and then he just gouges it
out of the rough and he runs it onto the green so the
rough was so long and everyone's talking about you're so dead if you don't hit the fairway it's
the u.s open well if you hit 360 and then you flip a wedge out of the rough and it runs up to the
green turns out you can win the tournament by six being the only player under par so i i i saw a
very interesting tweet by phil mickelson that that said he's able to do it at wing foot because there's openings to the greens where you can run things out of the rough,
where you won't be able to hit it high and get it to stop on the green.
You got to run it low.
But a lot of open courses don't have that where you wouldn't have been able to do that out of the rough, if that makes any sense.
So, I mean, this guy, he's a bizarre human being.
I mean, this guy, he's a bizarre human being.
Oh, yeah.
But what he's done is just wild because he's made golf fans and players kind of question where the game's going.
I mean, I listened to Bones McKay, who was Phil Mickelson's caddy
for all those years, and now he works for NBC.
And he said one of the days, he said,
if you have a kid who
plays golf just tell them to swing as hard as they possibly can every time and it used to be about
like you know hitting it accurate and hitting greens and now it's just speed so I don't know
if the game is is good or better or worse with that I certainly don't love it I don't pound it
I fly it like two 265 rolls out 280 285 i mean these guys are hitting it 340
it's fucking crazy so they can't they can't even play courses anymore that are that are unreal
so for our non-hardcore golf listeners what he's done too is all of his irons are the same length
as well right yeah that's been a while he's done that right so he's turned himself into a robot
where everything's always in the exact same spot maybe he moves it back in his stance but
i tell you what man it's as like a non-hardcore golf fan he's an entertaining guy to watch because
you could tell his wheels are constantly turning it's it's like watching me on the golf course
minus the fact that i'm not breaking your wheels. Yo, Will's never stopped turning either.
So that's why I can appreciate him.
So he's found a new way in order to get the job done.
Sorry, go ahead.
The first thing you notice, whether you're a golfer or not, is how buff he is.
He's much more jacked than a standard golfer.
I'm not trying to imply anything here, but it made me think,
does golf have piss testing?
I don't think they do.
I mean.
I don't think.
Man, you know what?
I can't answer that.
Kepka chirped him about juicing, didn't he?
Yeah, I think he did.
So maybe they don't.
I'll tell you, though, like, he's gained probably 30 to 40 pounds.
I mean, he was an amazing player beforehand,
but it's very true about the robot.
And I think he read this book, like the golf mechanic or something like that. I'm getting
the name wrong, but golfers will know what I'm talking about. And it's very, it turns things into
robot in a way that when he putts, he walks off every single putt. So if the putts 17 feet,
he knows exactly how far to bring his hands. And then if the putts 17 feet, he knows exactly how far to bring his hands.
And then if the putt's 25 feet, he knows exactly a little further to bring his hands.
And it's all just not much feel to it.
But holy shit, watching this dude hit a golf ball, he's just flying it over any tree or any issue there is.
It's nuts.
Now, to talk about the other guy, Wolf,
he was out driving DeChambeau.
So kind of that theory is a little like...
Well, no, he kind of was doing the same thing.
He's another guy that's like...
They call it bomb and gouge now in golf
where you don't need to hit the fairway
if you hit it very close to the green.
So he's one of those kids that's grown up.
He's like a pro.
I'm not going to say prodigy, but he's been a superstar his whole life, that kid.
He lost to U.S. Junior Am in the final, and then he went to Oklahoma State,
which is Boston University of College Golf.
I'm saying college hockey, BU style.
Like their powerhouse.
And he won the NCAA title think he won the NCAA title
his freshman or sophomore year
and then turned pro
and won his first year on tour.
So he's grown up
and like all these kids
I'm talking about
that just rip it.
He's just grown up with distance
and the equipment that they have
and the speed they're able to generate.
I mean, that kid's like six feet,
a buck 65 he looks like.
These golfers are tiny, man.
You see some of these guys?
They look big on TV.
Justin Thomas looks like he could fit in my pocket.
Oh, I remember seeing Roy for the first time.
He's like 5'6".
And they're pounding it.
So he's one of those dudes that's grown up doing that.
But, I mean, I think that his game is so interesting to watch.
He's got the hitch before the swing.
He's got the crazy-looking action that's completely homemade.
I guess his swing was like that, and he went to see his coach, George Gankis,
who's one of the top coaches in golf.
And he went to see him, and he's like,
all these people tell me I need to change my swing.
The guy's like, we aren't changing shit.
We can adjust things, but that's your swing.
You're talking about the knee buckle?
I'm talking about, no about when he does a set.
Oh, I love that.
I'm going to start doing that.
He does a trigger, but his swing from then is very, very unorthodox.
It's like Jim Furyk on acid.
Yeah, plus 300 yards longer.
Okay, so let me ask you a question, though.
How much farther are these young guys driving it than the old school guys?
Like another 50 yards?
The old school guys, I mean, like everyone's longer.
I mean, there's so many guys.
There's guys that are 50 on the senior tour, the regular tour,
that say they're just as long as they were when they were 25 years old.
So that's kind of what the equipment's about.
But, I mean, these young guns and these kids coming out that are carrying at 330,
you know, an older 40-year-old guy on tour is not doing that.
Maybe DJ can when he wants to, but.
Okay, so there's not many guys who can drive the ball 330 every time.
Well, there, like, is now.
So then you have to, like, there is. Like, on then you have to like, there is like on the corn ferry tour.
There is, there's guys everywhere that are coming up.
So that's what people say.
Like the best golfer is just going to be the guy who hits it.
The first, is it the farthest or the furthest?
But no clue.
Yeah, me neither.
But the whole idea of the fact that a lot of people say they don't want golf to be like that.
It's, it's just kind of a foolish argument until the equipment changes,
if it ever does, because people will continue to get bigger
and stronger and faster.
It's the same way in every sport.
I actually woke up with a glimmer of hope today, Whit.
I had Sunday.
I had Ustis and South Africans.
Love that guy.
I had an 80-to-1 ticket on him this morning.
He was only, I think, four back to start the day.
Yes.
You know, a couple holes can make all the difference.
He gives five back, but still.
Oh, yeah, maybe four.
Oh, that would have been sick.
He looks like a little leprechaun.
That guy?
Yeah, he's from South Africa.
South Africa guy, yeah.
I mean, up until I think the ninth or tenth hole,
then DeChambeau kind of ran away with it.
And one other golf point before we move along.
Danny Lee's six putt is why gimmies shouldn't exist.
Remember we talked about it before.
Why do gimmies?
That defeats the purpose of golf.
I thought that was a perfect example of why you shouldn't have a gimme.
Yeah, gimmies are a joke.
I don't do gimmies unless it's match play.
Then the person says, hey, that's good.
Hey, I'm not sure we mentioned it last step.
We want to give a big thanks to everybody, obviously in Boston,
but particularly in Charlestown for their outstanding hospitality during our stay.
No free ads, but a few free ads.
Special shout-outs to everybody at the Warren Tavern, Brewers Fork,
Monument Restaurant on Main Street, Tate, Business Breakfast Place,
and the McCarthy Brothers Liquor Store.
Hopefully we didn't leave anybody out, but everybody
took great care of us. The neighborhood was
super friendly to us. I'm used
to it. You guys, I know you never stayed there to that extent,
but we just want to thank everybody for the wonderful
hospitality and stuff.
Well, Mike Roy is one guy
and we got to mention the three golf courses
that allowed us to play. We got some sandbaggers
coming out. Guys, once the nhl season's over uh we're going to be rolling out uh in
november just interviews we need a little bit of a break we need to recharge our batteries i'm going
to fucking get off the grid aren't you going to chile i'm going to try to go on a hiking trip
depending on what the border situation is guys um we've been we've been grinding our dicks off um and then given that there was a shutdown we were still doing one
episode uh but uh let's let's keep banging these out until the the season's over and the draft's
over and then we're going to take a little break so hopefully that's okay with you guys we'll still
be pumping out some awesome interviews so thank you to g for editing all those and and rolling
those out in November.
Of course.
And I knew cameraman chase as well.
It was kind of like I said,
crash course for him and basically staying with three more or less strangers
and having to do your work.
I thought he did a great job for us as well.
What did you have something yet?
Yeah.
Just one last thing.
Kind of a,
kind of a tough note,
but my buddy,
Bobby Butler,
I played with him in San Antonio.
He played at UNH and played in Ottawa and for the Devils and the Preds.
He grew up in Central Mass, and he just asked me to shout out, I guess,
Central Massachusetts Hockey's lost three guys in the last month
that really kind of helped build and grow hockey out there in that part of the state.
And so he asked if I could shout out Nick Panucci of Worcester
and Dave Roy and also Wes Tuttle,
who was also Bobby Butler's best friend.
So I think those three guys were people, I didn't know them,
but who really helped kids who play hockey
and become the players they were in that part of Massachusetts.
So thinking of them and their families
and God bless.
Yeah, we'd like to extend our sympathies and condolences
to all the family and friends. And actually, one other
note is going back to
the house we stayed at. We were doing movie nights.
Not every night, but every
couple nights, me and you would throw a movie on it.
One night, you were in bed, and I threw one on
more for background stuff. I was doing work.
I'll tell everybody out there
if you're clicking around if you're on Amazon
Prime do not
watch Capone it was literally
one of the worst movies I've seen in
probably 10 years and it has Tom
Hardy starring in it Matt Dillon's in it
it's got a really great cast it was
awful it was so bad like
I mean it was so bad I actually got sucked in
for a background movie because it was so awful I couldn't believe how bad of a movie it was so bad. I mean, it was so bad I actually got sucked in for a background movie
because it was so awful.
I couldn't believe how bad of a movie it was.
So avoid that.
But I did manage to check out that Beastie Boys documentary
that's been on Apple TV Plus for the last few months.
If you got a chance to check that out, it's well worth it.
It was excellent.
It was a unique documentary.
They did it from a theater with the two surviving Beastie Boys
kind of going over their career. It was a unique documentary. So did it from a theater with the two surviving Beastie Boys kind of going over their career.
It was a unique documentary, so check that one out.
All right, boys, good catching up with you guys.
We got game two tonight.
We'll be chatting with you on Thursday.
Peace.
Absolutely.
Go Stars.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you Thursday.
As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets.
Big thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
A big thank you to our new friends at Whoop.
Hopefully you folks check that out.
It's an unreal device.
It'll certainly help you in your fitness, sleep, and all kinds of stuff.
Big thanks to Peter Malaf for making us look great on the golf course.
Big thanks to Roman, Roman Swipes, for taking care of the fellas out there.
And as always, a huge thanks to our friends at Zip Recruiter.
Thanks so much for your loyalty.
Please check them out if you need them. Everybody have a great week. The Sun Goes Down I can tell you my love for you will still be strong
After the poison's all gone
