Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome back to Spittin' Chicklets.
This is episode three on the Barstool Sports Podcast Network.
Hope everyone's doing okay today.
Ryan, how you doing?
Doing wonderful.
Mikey Grinelli's here.
How you doing, all right? We got our producer, Mikey.
Say hello, Mikey.
We got him a microphone now.
What's going on, guys?
What's going on?
We got our super producer, Mikey Grinelli, in the house.
He's fantastic,
even though we keep being
later than later.
We've had some issues, but I mean,
we never pretended to be. No, but we're
getting all this infrastructure in place to
bring the Ideal Podcast,
Hockey Podcast, to the internet. We have
a lineup of
guests ready to come on.
I know we've been saying that, but we don't want to bring a guest on and have this.
If we can't even figure out how to record ourselves, we probably shouldn't invite a guest.
No, hold on one second, Mr. Gretzky.
My levels are a little bit off.
No, that's embarrassing.
We're not going to embarrass ourselves that way.
We're going to embarrass ourselves other ways, but not with Gretzky or Lemieux or Aurora or somebody on the line.
Exactly.
other ways, but not with Gretzky or Lemieux or Aurora or somebody on the line.
Exactly. So anyways,
coming out of my mouth,
how about those fucking Canadians, man?
Huh? Wow.
It's exactly what I thought would happen.
They got the best goalie in the world back.
You show me a good goalie, I'll show you a good coach.
Because that's who it is. Because Terrian stinks.
But that's the only thing that sucks about
them winning. Because I actually love when the
Canadians are good. I think it makes hockey more entertaining
same thing with the Leafs
but the Weber-Souban trade
right now doesn't look too bad for Montreal
no, no
put it this way, we got Shea Weber
leading the league in points by defense
been playing 26 minutes a game
rocketing one-timers
game-winning goals at the Islanders last week
and then we have P.K. Souban with his shirt off-winning goals at the Islanders last week.
And then we have P.K. Subban with his shirt off,
waving it at the Tennessee Titans game.
Did you see that?
Yeah, with the picture with the fire plans behind him. Talk about the perfect example of the difference between the two.
And I think that that's kind of shitting on P.K. a little bit.
But they wanted a more sound player in Montreal.
They wanted low risk, and they wanted more of a quiet personality.
They got one.
And it's exactly what they got, and right now it's paying off.
It's fun.
Exactly like they were hoping.
I was writing down show notes the other day, yesterday.
Show notes.
Show notes.
And I saw, okay, obviously the Habs, they come out,
they still haven't lost a game in regulation, 15 points, leads the league,
doing unbelievable.
And then I was saying, okay, teams who we expected to get out to a hot start
or at least a good start and didn't.
And, like, subconsciously, not even thinking about the trade,
I wrote down Predators.
And it was like, duh, a minute later, I saw you had, duh, the PK Weber trade.
Now, it certainly looks like Nashville is missing Shea Weber on their back end.
Yeah, and Peter Laviolette had an interesting quote that, I mean, you kind of read into things,
but it said,
we're missing, I've got to get the exact quote,
we're missing a presence that we didn't have last year.
And it was all totally team-related.
We'll pull up the exact quote.
It was totally team-related,
but if you read between the lines,
it was like, fuck, you know,
we need a little bit more of the Shea Weber we had in PK. Who who can do that when he's not running around and trying to be so offensive he can be just as
dominant but i think that they're missing the the low risk type of game where you just know what
you're going to get night in and night out and there's not those nights where he's actually
going to be minus three and minus four trying toe drag to the blue line that end up going back the other way, two on O.
A feeling I've not felt in a long, long time.
What's that from?
Star Wars.
Come on, guys.
Step up.
Dude, I'm not a sci-fi guy.
You do Star Wars stuff all the time.
I'm the same way.
I am not into sci-fi at all.
Mikey Grinelli knows, dude.
Come on, sci-fi?
Bro.
I like real life.
Star Wars.
And Game of Thrones.
I'm the same way.
Star Wars. See, the thing is, Star Wars kind of, I think, upended the whole I don't like sci-fi thing
because that was why Star Wars, when it came out in 77, was such a worldwide,
a worldwide, like, fucking phenomenon.
Like, the whole planet.
Oh, I know, I know.
Because it was such a unique, well-done movie that no one had ever seen before
that people didn't even know they were watching sci-fi.
And I know there's certainly a geek element to some sci-fi.
Well, you have all your Lord of the Rings DVDs here probably downstairs.
Oh, come on.
Tongue my ass.
I'm not knocking the L-O-T-I crew.
I've actually never seen any of them.
But no, did you watch Stranger Things on Netflix?
No, I have not. Okay, watch that.
Watch it. I know, that's
the one you told me to watch. No, my brother's in the
I Don't Like Sci-Fi Camp. He's never
been into it, you know, growing up.
He pissed right through that in the night.
Alright, I'll give that a shot. It's a good shit.
I'll give that a shot.
Speaking of science fiction,
like the Blackhawks, man,
they kind of seem like they're in a bit of a bad science fiction movie.
I mean, they're 4-3-1.
They're technically in a playoff spot.
Well, not technically.
I know that's how it is now.
We talk about playoff seeding in fucking October.
From a team who will be there no matter what.
They are so out of sorts, man.
Their penalty killing has cost me so much money this month.
Since 2007.
Because I'm a degenerate.
Since 2007, no team in the NHL has given up as many power play goals against them in the
first eight games of the season as the Chicago Boxers.
They've given up 15 power play goals against in the first eight games of the year.
And the last team to be that high was the Atlanta Thrashers in 2007.
You're talking two power play goals a game against a game.
It's impossible to win like that.
And they're still winning in overtime somehow.
Why did their penalty kill get so bad since last year, Ryan?
I think it's a little fluky right now.
Water finds its level.
You like that quote?
Let's not riff off other award-winning podcasts here.
Who says that?
Oh, that's like a big club on a big cat's pants.
Oh, they ripped off a life of...
What is that saying?
That saying's been around...
I think it's in every science book anyway,
so they didn't invent it.
I'm going to leave that to them, though.
That's fair enough.
You're absolutely right, Ritz.
They had a big change to their bottom six.
Jordan Tutu's there, and there's just different people
that have kind of changed the whole look of the team.
So when that happens, it just takes a little bit of time
to figure everything out.
It's like you can't expect right away to gel
when you get guys killing penalties that haven't before.
And bottom six guys, along with Taves and stuff and Hosa,
they do kill.
So it's a little confusing.
But to do this, you know, along with Taves and stuff and Hosa, they do kill. So it's a little confusing.
But to do this, I mean, this canof course, they're the Blackhawks,
and they're still tying up games late and winning them in overtime. And you see them win in Jersey last night.
So they have enough skill to get through with it.
But if that continues, no team with a bad PK has ever won the Stanley Cup.
It just can't happen.
No, it's just a baffling because I know they'll like to say the bottom
six turnover, but the defense is
essentially the same.
A couple of the same guys
still kill penalties. That's why I think
it is a little fluky.
And Corey Crawford
probably hasn't been as good as he wanted
to be. Although, I was just in Toronto.
Talk about a goalie
not being as good as he wanted. Frederick Anderson
right now. He's been a disaster.
Five years, 25 million.
He can't...
I mean, he couldn't stop
a beach ball right now. The puck, it's just
completely missing him.
You're in Toronto and all you want to do is get off to
a good start on a new team
after signing a big contract.
Let alone being in Toronto, you're the goalie.
Right, right, yeah.
I mean, I feel for that guy.
He got to win the other night against Florida.
But that's kind of what I'm talking about with Chicago.
It's just I think Anderson's going to end up being good.
And the same with the Blackhawks PK.
But to start like this, something's completely off right now.
You know, like you talk about Anderson,
something's completely off right now.
You know, when you talk about Anderson,
I think immediately of a guy, Brian Elliott,
who signed with Calgary, and he'd come out.
The shoot terrible.
He was awful.
He was awful his first three or four games.
I mean, bad.
His numbers were terrible.
And all of a sudden, I think... They went on the road.
They went on the road, and he played St. Louis. In Chicago, and he played outstanding. I And all of a sudden, I think... They went on the road. They went on the road and he played St. Louis.
In Chicago.
And he played outstanding.
I know one of those games he played against his old team.
I don't know if that was the first game he won,
but basically he played unbelievable.
Now Calgary's won, I think, three in a row
and they're playing a much, much better hockey,
much certainly than they were the first week.
But yeah, goalies, it is weird, man.
They just, especially going to a new team, new system,
new communication with defensive partners, defensive pairs, all that stuff.
It's tough. But he just, all of a sudden, boom, he looks like Brian Elliott from last year
quick. So, you know, maybe it's, you know, like I said, an adjustment period for
new guys going to new teams. But at least they have
one of their, at least each of those teams has one of their two goalies.
The local squad isn't so lucky, man, huh?
The Bruins, I mean, losing Rask is the worst possible thing that could have happened to this team.
But, I mean, it's not just the goalies.
The team, they're not very good.
And, yeah, like Malcolm Subban, by the way,
I mean, that's a first-round pick.
I don't think he's ever going to play in the NHL.
That was the worst goaltending I've ever seen.
And his second career start, and that's like what you're getting.
It's like, I mean, that's just in the Zach Hamill eighth overall.
It's like you go back, you see the team,
and all you can think about is what has happened to get them in this position.
And you look at, you know, having your two top top goalies out it's hard for any team to get back
and as in the locker room you know when i'm playing when i was playing if both your goalies
go out you think like all right we gotta we gotta play as we gotta play you're gonna rally around
you have to rally around we gotta limit every opportunity we can. We've got to really just concentrate on defense, be willing to win a game 3-2 if we can, 2-1.
But they haven't even done that.
It's like they're not even helping out the guys who they know
probably have no business starting for them anyways.
That's what I was going to ask, too.
And, again, I know we don't avoid the Bruins,
and we try not to talk about them all show.
I know everybody, a lot of people out there.
Well, it's league struggles.
Exactly.
We're talking about teams in the struggle,
and I want to talk about this to have Ryan talk about how it affects the team
not having your two goalies.
Not so much Bruins specific,
but rather the dynamics of losing both of your goalies.
And now you've got two unproven guys, AHL guys.
And it's not even like one of them, they don't even have a high pick.
No, I'm not even thinking a journey.
I'm thinking a kid that is in the AHL and you're like, he's going to be our starter in four years,
three years when Rask is done.
They don't even have that.
They've got a kid who they thought would be, and he's never going to be.
Right.
And I said that in one of my pieces this week.
I forget which site
You have so many pieces
I'm all over the place
I'm like William Faulkner over here
So you have Malcolm Subban
At the time, that pick
It felt like a reach
I remember just Shirely, his face
It almost felt like
They were playing with house money
They just won the cup
We're going to be back here.
But how foolish is that?
You had Rask at fucking 24 years old.
For the next 15 years.
It didn't make any sense.
Peter Cirelli should be on his knees praying and thanking God that Connor McDavid,
that they won that lottery.
Because Edmonton would be in the same place.
They look great, and it's Connor McDavid.
Oh, totally.
Shirely has made decisions everywhere he's gone that have been god-awful,
and then now he gets lucky enough where he has Connor McDavid.
They'll probably win a cup at some point with him,
and then he gets another.
It's just what a horrible job he's done.
How do you guys think they fared in that Taylor Hall trade?
You know what?
I was really, really against that trade at the start,
and Hall has been great for Jersey.
He's pretty much the only guy who can score for them right now.
And Larson's been pretty damn good for Edmonton.
But that's what I was going to say.
Larson's been a beast.
That might be one of the rare win-win trades, Mike.
And I think that the one thing about that trade was that
people went nuts because it wasn't a Subban or a Weber,
and Taylor Hall was the first overall pick.
But I think Edmonton looked
at Larson, and if he's not already,
I mean, he's turned into one this year, but in the future
I think he's going to be a real solid number two. Not a number
one. Not that stud, you know,
franchise D-man.
Like a Seidenberg? Maybe a little bit
better? No, no, no. Better than that.
Respect the German. No, I love Seidensberg,
but he doesn't have the offensive ability that Larson has.
And I've watched Edmonton because I love watching McDavid.
Last night I was up working the late game in Toronto,
and we watched them play Vancouver.
And that kid can play.
And it's funny because it is one of those when do you see both teams win,
but Jersey needs scoring,
and they got Hall who really is the only one scoring right now,
and Edmonton needed a defenseman.
So it's funny.
The Seth Jones trade to Columbus from Nashville for Ryan Johansson,
that started as Seth Jones to Edmonton for Ryan Nugent Hopkins.
So you look back on how that went, and as good as Seth Jones is,
I think that if you didn't have to give up Nugent Hopkins,
who's a center, and that's the big thing in trading him or Hall.
Right, right.
And Eberle was a wing, but I think teams wanted Hall more than Ebs.
I think that you wanted to keep on your center. So now they have that Nugent Hopkins as their number two center,
who's very quietly a big-time player.
Okay, yeah.
You'll see him more.
I mean, he's 20 years old
still. You've got to remember,
you've heard Ryan Newton Hopkins' name for
three years. He's just turned 21, I think.
So it's not...
It worked out well for both
teams, and more than anything,
I think that Edmonton finally got a defenseman
that they can really lean on to play
24 minutes, and
Jersey got some goal scoring.
So that's been interesting to see how that's worked out.
But watching Edmonton, Lucic is a man on a mission,
a machine up there right now.
Last night, goal and assist, sent McDavid in on two breakaways,
out-muscled three guys, knocked them all over to get the game-winning goal,
I'm sorry, the empty net goal to seal it.
And him and McDavid have something going on together.
And anyone who thinks Milan Lucic is too slow,
watch an Oilers game right now.
I don't know if he lost weight or he got stronger this summer.
He is keeping up with him, no problem,
and playing an elite game that really creates space for McDavid
that's made him the best player on the planet right now.
McDavid, I mean, he's what?
Every game is must-watch.
He would have probably coached it away with the call the last year had he not.
Almost won it in missing 30 games.
Exactly.
He broke his collarbone.
He's leading the NHL right now in scoring 12 goals, you know,
five goals, seven assists.
I'm sorry, 12 points, five goals, seven assists.
I mean, there's no reason to think he's not going to continue at this tour.
I think he's at 120 points.
I mean, it's not a stretch.
I mean, he's got to be a hot
candidate. I know, again, it's early, but
if this kid plays all year,
he's going to be a hot and a Ross candidate.
If this kid was in New York. 19 years old?
Yeah, 19. And he,
last night, he had three breakaways.
Three breakaways. He sent the guy in on another one.
And this is every
single time I watch the Oilers, this is happening.
He alone is worth buying the center ice package.
Last night, he didn't take a defensive zone draw.
He lined up on the inside in front of the goalie at wing.
Puck was one over to the wall, and he just took off.
So you watch most NHL defensemen.
All they do is start skating backwards with it.
You gap up, and you start skating backwards.
You're reading the play.
The right defenseman for
Vancouver, I think it was
Erica Branson, immediately
saw that it was McDavid. Didn't skate backwards.
He knew. He had to turn and start skating forwards
to get back to him, and McDavid still
blew right by him. And you don't see that.
You don't see NHL defensemen
have to do it like with this kid.
We've seen plenty of fast guys
in the league before,
but not the combination of speed and size that McDavid has.
And skill.
Well, skill, obviously.
But he just turns on a dime, and he's off like a shot.
Gone.
You're just not used to seeing guys that size doing that.
I mean, that's a good point.
He's like 6'1", so you're like, oh, my.
He's moving that fast, and he's pretty big, too.
It's not a 5'11 guy doing a St. Louis or something like that back in the day. That's a great point. He's like 6'1", so you're like, oh my, he's moving that fast, and he's pretty big too. It's not a 5'11 guy doing
St. Louis or something like that back in the day.
That's a great point, actually. And what's great too
is, you know, we can see
Conor McDavid every night if we want.
If you want to get the order of the package,
or, you know, find it on the internet or whatever.
You know, I think one thing about, you know,
Wayne Gretzky, and we're talking about great
Oilers and guys with impact,
you know, as much as we hear about Gretzky and as great as he was, and he was,
basically, if you lived in the United States during the 80s,
the only time you saw Wayne Gretzky was playoff games, if you happen to be on,
or if you happen to catch a late-night ESPN game because they weren't on TV.
We did not see Gretzky a lot during the 80s.
And it kind of stinks.
I mean, obviously, there's plenty of video out there.
But even when he was lighting it up, most of the goals and assists that I saw
Wayne Gretzky tie were via a box score.
You get to watch these guys live.
It's so much better now that we can see greatness happen as it unfolds.
Where, you know, again, the Gretzky era, we had to go to the box scores and maybe catch a highlight on ESPN.
I think a lot of people, still another hashtag from our buddies over at PMT.
People forget that.
Not a lot of Gretzky was seen by people on TV.
Oh, I know.
I think that the above and beyond hockey fans out there, if you haven't seen it, watch Wayne Gretzky above and beyond.
And it was a video.
I remember it's a VHS.
I probably watched it 500 times.
It actually ended when he was still in L.A.
That's when it was made.
So it was like he was still an elite player, but it was all of his growing up in his Oilers days.
And I remember that was like my one Gretzky thing. He was still an elite player, but it was all of his growing up in his Oilers days.
And I remember that was like my one Gretzky thing.
I never got to watch him, and I saw the goals on ESPN and stuff.
But that video is old school unreal.
He's almost like Led Zeppelin.
There's just not a lot of footage you can find of him.
It was funny.
I actually read an interview that he gave after he played in the Heritage Classic against the Winnipeg Jets alums,
where, of course, Timo Solani scores the game-winning goal with 10 seconds left.
Yeah, penalty shot.
What a legend.
It was rigged, but whatever.
Yeah, who gives a fuck?
He buried it.
No, it was worth watching.
But Gretzky said, I don't think he's going to play more.
He's really disappointed in how he played.
And even though you laugh because he's close to 60 years old,
that's how the greatest players in the world,
when they suck, no matter when it is, it's going to r years old. The greatest players in the world, when they suck, no matter when it is,
it's going to rattle them.
So I don't think he'll play for St. Louis
when they play later this year.
Now, have you met Wayne before?
Yeah, I actually met him once.
I mean, he would never fucking remember me.
But it was in Edmonton when all the old legends
were there at some point.
He's a great guy.
He's a good guy.
I always heard he was a great guy.
I talked to someone recently and said, no, I heard he wasn't a good guy.
But it was one of those, like, you know,
sometimes some guy might be a genuine dick to a person once,
or somebody misinterprets it.
This guy was a dick, and then they tell people,
and then all of a sudden, you know, people are saying someone's an asshole.
I didn't believe it when I heard it.
I was kind of, you know, I was like, names and numbers numbers where, as opposed to like, say, you know, Michael Jordan and I,
and I'm not trying to make the hockey basketball argument, but there are more nightmare stories
about Michael Jordan as a person, the way he treats the common man and stuff. He's,
he's not a particularly good person, but I've always heard great things about Gretzky and
Messi. I actually heard a hilarious Messi story recently. Mike Commodore, our buddy, would appreciate it, being that it involved Pierre Maguire.
But a little fucking...
Pierre Maguire.
What a little...
I'll get going on him later.
Yeah, we can beat him later.
He was coaching for Hartford.
And he used to be the guy.
And he asked hockey players.
NHL, NHL.
When a coach chirps players, it's a joke. Shut up.
You're not a player. Shut up.
Michelle Tarrant used to do that.
Pierre Maguire was the assistant coach in Hartford.
They were playing the Rangers in MSG.
And they were down 7-2.
And
Marc Messier escaped by the bench.
Pierre Maguire has the balls. He starts chirping
Messier. Holy fuck, Messier.
You're looking scared tonight. No joke. You would think.. He starts chirping Messier. Oh, fuck Messier. You're looking scared tonight.
No joke.
You would think.
And, you know, players, if someone's chirping Marc Messier,
even on the team, you'd be like, and apparently Marc Messier stopped
right in front of the bench, looked down the bench,
looked at him and said, did Pierre Maguire, that loser,
just chirp Marc Messier?
And apparently guys in the Whalers were covering up their mouths,
just laughing.
So that's classic old Messier story.
But, yeah, him and Gretzky I've heard are just great guys.
Speaking of Peckhead Pierre, there's a column from, I want to say,
like 1984, the Hartford paper just crucifies him,
like his terrible stint coaching down in Hartford,
but this calm, it takes him to task,
and it just kind of goes into all the details of how he rubbed
literally everybody in the organization the wrong way,
coming in like a know-it-all.
Well, he was an assistant coach in Pittsburgh when he won the cup,
and you ask guys, and they say,
yeah, he was the best video coach I ever had.
That's fucking hilarious.
Yeah, he talks about it like he was Fucking always doing something there
Was he almost named GM in Pittsburgh recently?
No, that's the other thing we were chatting about recently
Pierre, he's Mr. In the Running
You hear him?
He's in the running for every GM job
If he gets a GM job in the NHL
I'm not doing this podcast
I'm not watching the NHL anymore
That brings up another good point, Mikey
Where does that start from? It always starts on Twitter I'm not doing this podcast. I'm not watching the NHL anymore. Fuck that. That brings up another good point, Mikey, as well.
Where does that start from?
And it always starts on Twitter.
And it's always a writer or a blogger or whatever.
And maybe he's interviewed, but it's not that he's ever fucking.
But what it is is writers out there, reporters who then tweeted, knowing that it's never going to happen.
The interview might have been like, probably they could have fucking interviewed him about holding the door open for somebody.
It could have been after Pierre asked them
what they were doing with the prospect.
Oh, what are you doing, Pierre?
But a lot of writers on Twitter,
and you see it with all sports,
but obviously we're talking about hockey here.
They like the bullshit.
They start rumors.
And like you say, we had Pierre's interview on Farton.
It may or may not have happened, but it's like the whole fucking blind scroll,
you know, finds this nut.
Like, if you throw enough bullshit, eventually you're right.
And there's one guy, probably a couple local guys, but one guy,
I don't know him.
I don't, I mean, so.
Who is it?
I don't know the guy.
I don't know.
I'm not talking about Jim Murphy.
I know Murph, and I know people have had issues with him.
But there's another fellow, and I don't even, I don't know what guy. I'm not talking about Jim Murphy. I know Murph, and I know people have had issues with him.
But there's another fellow.
I don't know what publication he writes for.
People will ask me about a rumor and who wrote it.
And they'll send a link to the guy.
And I'm like, this guy has also said that.
Milbury might be the coach.
Like you just said.
All these other bullshit stories.
And the problem is if you throw enough shit against the wall at some point, it's going to stick.
You get right once,
you're like, called that one.
Called it. They re-signed Tuca, called that one.
Actually, I think his name, I mean, whatever.
Sean Hutchian, I think
his name is. And he wrote in up there.
I don't know the guy. I'm not calling his word.
But I know he's written a handful of stories
over the last couple
years. Yeah, you heard he's a good guy.
But talking about Milbury coming here, and there was another coaching rumor.
So many rumors.
HockeyBuzz.com?
Again, some people like star trafficking and rumors, but if there's nothing to it and they don't pan out,
I think eventually what happens is you could be a good guy, but your credibility is going to take a hit.
I don't like the traffic in them.
You could pass them along.
I think as long as you have a caveat in there, this may or may not be true.
But that's how rumors and bullshit get started is just someone throwing stuff out there.
Again, people have their own agendas, do what they want.
Sometimes it's fun to throw stuff out, but a lot of times people are wrong.
And I think savvy hockey writers, I'm sorry, readers of hockey writing,
know who to trust and who not.
You can read everything, but you know to take some places with a grain of salt
and some other places not.
I just thought of another Pierre story.
When I was coming up with Pittsburgh, I don't know if I've told you this story.
Maybe I have, but he was really tight with Mark Reckie, probably still is,
and then, like, Crosby and all the really good players.
And then so when I was  my first couple years I was playing really well,
so we went up to Marchand.
Like, Pierre Maguire had us over for dinner.
You know, Rex asked us, Pierre's going to have me over.
He wants  you know, Sid's coming.
Jordan Stahl's coming, wants you to come.
I'm like, great, whatever, you know.
Like, at that point, like, go over, nice dinner.
Fast forward, like, four years later when, you know, I'm not a very good player anymore
in the NHL, and you run into him.
It was like he'd never even met me before.
I was sitting at his dinner table with him and his wife one time.
Like, He only cares
about the guys who play well and the
big dogs and everything he says is for
a reason and an angle.
I'm so sick of listening to it.
I really am because I think the NHL
broadcast, I think that
Doc Emmerich is unreal
as a play-by-play guy.
Edzo catches some heat a little bit on
Twitter, but I enjoy him.
I enjoy him as a color guy.
And then in between the benches.
And as much as Pierre does know a lot of good info,
but the way he delivers it and some of the things you hear just drives me nuts.
I'm not a huge Edzo fan.
Yeah, so why?
I just, sometimes I think he misses a lot during the game.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
He'll say something that counters.
Maybe it's because I know him.
It's tough and I don't know him.
Maybe I wouldn't criticize him if I did.
Sometimes he'll say something
that's completely counter to what I'm
seeing on the television.
Funny example, R.I.P. Vine.
Pour a little 40 out for Vine.
Yeah, I like Vine.
I got a hunch it might come back in some other form
later, but basically I was going through all my old Vines the other got a hunch it might come back in some other form later.
But basically, I was going through all my old Vines the other day,
and there was the John Scott hit on Louie Erickson.
Elbow up high, buried Louie, gave him his concussion when he was early with the Bruins.
And Edzo gave the quote like, well, he kept his elbow down there.
And it was like one of those, how can you watch, as he's saying in the video.
So it's just stuff like that over time.
I mean, I know he's not a bad guy. I know he's well in the video. So it's just stuff like that over time. I mean, I know he's not a bad guy.
I know he's well-liked.
But as a color guy, I don't know that he should be the number one guy on NBC.
I'll tell you what I do miss is no Gary Thorne, man.
They've got to fucking get him back.
And you know who else was unreal?
Back in the day, a lot of people won't remember.
Remember Tom Meese?
He drowned.
That guy was an amazing hockey guy.
Doesn't Gary Thorne do Baltimore Orioles?
His home run call is amazing.
Yeah, he's pretty electric on baseball, actually.
That's why ESPN.
I know, ESPN.
But ESPN, I think his primary contract is doing the Orioles, like Mike said.
But he obviously still does ESPN stuff.
I don't think he does.
Because I don't watch ESPN enough.
Maybe he doesn't.
But the fact that the World Cup just happened and he wasn't there.
So apparently he must not have any deal with ESPN.
Because how would you have the World Cup?
And all due respect to Bucci, play-by-play is not his specialty.
Well, yeah, and I think he's new to it.
And Gary Thorne has been doing that forever.
If ESPN had Gary Thorne at their disposal and didn't use him for the World Cup,
well, that just shows you how much they can't stay on the sport.
But I don't know when his contract's up or whatever, but Gary Thorne,
I mean, personally, I have him.
Imagine how pumped you'd be to see him do the Bruins.
A half a notch above Doc.
Because Gary Thorne was always the best, and then Doc went national
and a lot more people got to see and hear how good he is.
But Gary Thorne is a tremendous presence missed by hockey fans because he's so goddamn good.
It's funny that you mentioned a hit on Louis Erickson to the head.
Pasternak, what did you think?
Two games.
Surprised he got two.
I thought he should have got suspended.
I thought one game, though.
Yeah.
On a repeat offender.
But you've got to watch the video.
And for everyone out there, go back and watch that Pasternak hit
because he saved Brad Marchand from probably an eight-game suspension.
If you look at the clip, right before he hit him,
Marchand was going to do the same exact thing,
and his stick was going to be right into his mouth.
So I think in the end it was actually good for the Bruins
to lose Pasternak for two instead of Marchand for eight.
Now, what you are right there, a guy going up, obviously vulnerable.
I mean, you know, I think there's an instinct as a player,
I'm going to fucking bury this guy because he's leaving himself vulnerable.
And it's not vulnerable when you're crunching his head first.
I mean, obviously Pasternak may have got a, depending on who you ask,
may have got a piece in the head or not.
But, I mean, you mean, as a hockey player,
you must fucking salivate when you get a guy.
It's just about having the respect
of putting your shoulder into their chest and not their face.
Right. And then, you know,
a few other defensemen there, it's like, well, you know,
you've got to know when you're jumping up in the air like that
how vulnerable yourself you leave.
Especially in the middle of the ice like that.
Exactly. Don't you like to see that from Pasternak, though?
Yeah, I do. I like seeing that. Absolutely. I didn't like seeing it in the World Cup when ice like that. Exactly. Don't you like to see that from Pasternak, though? Yeah, I do.
I like seeing that.
Absolutely.
I didn't like seeing it in the World Cup when he hit Bergeron.
Did you see that?
I almost shit my... Because Bergeron wasn't expecting it.
I remember thinking the same thing.
What is he doing?
I'm like, this little shit finally decides to hit somebody,
and he hits fucking Bergeron in the World Cup.
And I mean, you know, Bergeron's had a couple of nasty knocks.
And like, you know, the last thing we need is one, let alone
from his own teammate. But at least finally
it's a penalty.
I mean, nowadays, if you hit someone
in the face with your shoulder, it's a penalty.
Like, people used to complain,
that's a good hit, that's a good hit, all those Scott Stephens hits.
They were great to watch, and the guys had their
head down. So old school, that's how it was.
But if forever it was two minutes
to hit someone in the chin with your stick,
why wouldn't it be a penalty to hit
him in the face with your
shoulder? So that has to be called.
But two games was a little
aggressive in terms of that suspension.
I don't really see where the league came
from on that. You don't really see where the league
comes from in a lot of stuff.
Yeah, sometimes we don't know what the hell they're
doing out there. But I mean. We can't say that the
department of player safety, but
they've definitely gotten a lot better.
I mean, you know, you think back to
God, I get sick even talking about
the Mark Savard getting the elbow
from Matt Cook, and he didn't get a fucking
game for that. I mean, that actually
That's incredible. Just a career
ender and not even a game?
You don't get a penalty, I don't think.
I think that was almost a focal point in making
changes to the
Department of Player Safety as it
came to be known because it was such an
egregious, filthy hit.
Like I said, I've got to knock my
stomach talking about it.
Think how good of a player Mark Savoy was.
People forget that.
People forget that. People forget that.
He was a 100-pointer.
He was...
Oh, that guy.
The passes he would make.
I remember...
I loved watching Marc Savard play.
The intensity he brought
to the game, too.
He was...
The passion.
He was a great player.
I don't know...
It sucks because I wonder if he's still there.
Do the Bruins still win the cup?
You never can know with stuff like that because it was a different team than the style he played.
Right, right.
But for the years he was there, he earned every dollar he made.
And that just sucks.
You see someone's career end in a certain way that way, that's the worst.
I would say, basically, in my lifetime, well, not necessarily my lifetime, but from the 80s on, Adam Oates is the best passer I've seen.
I mean, obviously, guys in the 70s, I didn't see a hell of a lot.
I was still a kid.
But Adam Oates in my hockey watching years, teenage or whatever, in my 20s, Adam Oates is by far the best passer ever.
So he's like my benchmark.
Yeah, my benchmark.
It's like, all right, Gretzky, Oates, and then since Oates, I think Savard,
if he's not the best passer since Adam Oates, he's probably number two to probably Joe Thornton.
Yeah, he was right up there.
And every year it was 70 assists, it felt like, 64 assists.
I mean.
Yeah, it felt like. Yeah. 64 assists. I mean. Yeah, it's tough.
But, you know, that's, I mean, at least the league learns that that's finally how they're getting rid,
you got to get rid of those hits.
They were completely, they had no business in the game.
And one of my good friends, Colby Armstrong, he says it now, he's like,
I would have been, I don't even think I would have been playing with all the suspensions I would have had.
In one year, he hit four guys coming around the net, right in the face.
All four of them knocked out gold.
I actually remember
these hits were so big and the crowd
would go nuts, but then you see the guy
knocked out and you're just...
Did you ever take a hit like that? No, luckily
I never did. The biggest hit I ever took was...
He's just that way anyways.
I just have issues anyways.
The biggest hit I ever took, I was on on a three on two i had the puck on mike komiseric and andre markov
i remember i was with jordan stall and tyler kennedy and i dropped it back and usually you
know you're on a three on two and you make the drop pass the defenseman's not going to hit you
because he then needs to go play the guy who has the puck and not leave it at two on one well
komiseric decided as i was looking watching my pass making the biggest mistake a
hockey player can make crushed me shoulder to the face i wasn't knocked out but i went down i
remember looking up at the bell center ceiling i was like oh fuck oh my neck was all right i was
like oh my neck and i get up and the puck didn't score, and the puck goes out of the zone, and I'm just skating, totally with it, my head was completely with
it, but my neck was locked up, I felt 100 years old, I'm like, oh, God, and I'm skating
back to the bench, and then the whistle had blown, we're right in front of our bench,
and somehow there was a scrum, I had no idea what happened, because I just had my head
down, kind of like gliding back to the bench. And I hear Tarion from the back, from the bench.
You fucking pussy.
You fucking, what the fuck are you doing, you pussy?
I'm like, who's he yelling at?
He's yelling at me.
I'm like, what the fuck did I do?
Jesus Christ.
Because apparently my drop pass ended up being a turnover.
So he was furious at me.
But that was the biggest set I ever took.
I missed two games after it with some neck spasms.
He sounded like a fun guy to play for.
Yeah, he's a blast.
Smoking cigarettes on the bus in the HL.
That was fun.
So we got to, well, I guess we'll call it a new segment.
We're not going to be like, you know, segment crazy here.
But we're going to try to mix it up other than just having a conversation.
I wouldn't mind a little segment.
No, we're definitely going to.
We're not going to have 17 of them to show.
But first one here, we tweeted out the other day.
Obviously, Barstool readers are probably familiar with Ball Don't Lie shirt.
If you're not a Barstool reader or familiar with it.
Basically, of all the t-shirts, Portnoy, El Presidente has made up over the years.
Which they've probably made, I'm assuming, like 8 million on their t-shirts.
Mikey Grinelli's got one on right now, hoodie, Saturday for the boys.
Yeah, he's...
How many Bastl t-shirts have you bought or owned, Mikey?
Yeah, that's a good question.
I probably owned, I don't know, probably seven, eight.
Seven, eight, so that's what, right there?
A couple sweatshirts.
200 bucks.
Yeah, 200 bucks right there, yeah.
And a lot of your buddies have shirts?
Oh, yeah, all my buddies do.
He basically paid for the microwave at Dave's Nantucket house, basically.
The one I really wanted was the Brady Belichick and Portnoy one,
but it's been sold out.
I mean, that's what a legend he is now selling out shirts.
Oh, my God.
So anyways, when the Celt signed Rasheed Wallace, and Rasheed's big quote was,
Ball don't lie.
So Dave got a bunch of these Ball don't lie shirts made.
I mean, looked like maybe a fourth grader designed it with color forms or something.
It was not a Fireflame shirt.
Needless to say, it didn't sell good, and it became a joke.
A free Ball don't lie shirt to whoever.
Occasionally, one would make an appearance.
I had gotten a bunch of t-shirts
made up when Dougie Hamilton came to town.
It's funny because
I remember when you made those shirts.
I was like, I don't even get it.
Of course, because you're a millennial.
Is it Fast Times at Ridgemore High?
Fast Times at Ridgemore High.
Who was going to buy those shirts, though?
You know, young kids buy shirts, and no young kids even know that.
Well, that's what I was hoping.
I was hoping that Dave would like the idea and slap it on Boston.
Well, I mean, people, but Jaws, because Jaws and Fast Times are two different movies,
but people are familiar with it.
Anyways, it was a shirt with an outline of Jess McCauley,
the great line from the end of the movie,
All right, Hamilton.
Ties in with Dougie Hamilton, black, gold color.
I tweeted out the color shirts. Anyways,
Dougie got traded.
I could clothe
fucking the Pine Street in right now
if I wanted to, but half of them are fucking
sex offenders, so I'm not going to do that. Seriously.
Tacking the homeless in Boston.
No, no, no. Quick aside.
This is a real random fucking
aside, but people like to help
out the homeless, and I certainly advocate that,
but read up on places
where you do donate, because a large percentage
of the people who live in some places
are fucking deviant sex offenders.
I never even thought of that.
I never even thought of that either.
My mom does all that stuff.
And it's a nice gesture, obviously.
Make sure your mom's trying to make you.
I certainly have empathy for people down in the luck, but not if they're fucking level fucking one, two, or three sex offenders.
No, I'm not down with sex offenders.
If you're going to help out around the holidays, you might want to do your research on what kind of people are in what places.
All right, back to the lecture at hand, as Snoop would say.
We were talking about...
Our segment.
Our segment.
All Right Hamilton. Has segment. All right, Hamilton.
Hashtag all right, Hamilton.
Send any questions to the Stool Chicklets account,
at Stool Chicklets, a new Twitter account.
Follow it anyways.
And send any questions, all right, Hamilton.
Make sure you use the hashtag to be eligible.
We're going to give one t-shirt away a week.
And this is it.
We're going to kick it off.
Mikey's going to read off the questions.
What do we got?
All right, so how many questions do we want here, boys?
Depends on how the first one goes.
We'll keep it rolling.
We've got a lot of Tuca-ras questions.
No, no, no, no Tuca.
Put it this way.
If you're asking about trading Tuca, you're not getting a free t-shirt.
I put it that way.
I got a good one right here.
That's one rule.
Go ahead, shoot, brother.
What do you got, Mikey?
No one was talking about them in the preseason, but do you think Detroit
has the talent to win the division slash
the East? No. No,
I do not. At the same time,
I think it's an exciting team to watch.
I don't...
Losing Datsuk and
just having issues
kind of up front with younger guys that haven't
necessarily proved themselves yet, I don't think that they're going to
end up being in the mix at the end.
My surprise team in the East, and if they could get any goaltending,
they would be way better than where they are right now, is Carolina Hurricanes.
You look at their roster and who they have up front, I'm telling you,
watch at the end of the year, they're going to be in the hunt for the playoffs.
And unless Cam Ward continues to just suck goals in.
Every time I bet against them, they
fuck me. Oh, I meant to thank you for that
Montreal bet against the Bruins. Oh, yeah.
That was, I think, a week ago.
It was Saturday night, yeah. Oh, what a bet.
R.A. texted me.
I'm hammering the Canadians tonight against the Bruins.
I said, boom, and it was a lock.
Yeah, well, of course we know locks don't exist,
but yeah, I appreciate that. It was a lock
once it won. Well, okay.
Yeah, I always say remove emotion from gambling,
and yeah, Canadians look like an obvious winner.
I'm sorry, who read that question, Mikey?
That was from SSullivan88.
SSullivan88.
Do I think Detroit will hang in there?
No, they haven't pressed me thus far.
I mean, Mrazek has been good.
Jimmy Howard hasn't played a lot.
He was good when he played.
But his numbers have been great when he played.
But you look at the top of the scoring list, and it's Thomas Vanik.
So that enough.
Although, you see, that's the type of thing when a guy, he's not making the big contract anymore.
He's more comfortable, doesn't feel as much pressure.
And people, you know, Vanik was a player for a little bit.
And it wasn't for as long as I think a lot of teams had hoped.
And when he got drafted, people saw it coming out of Minnesota.
But to think that he's like this shit-bomb player is foolish.
Well, I think his reputation took a hit the last few years.
Playoff no-shows.
Like when things get physical, he kind of disappears.
Yeah, but I'm saying like a guy like that is that skilled.
He could bounce back. Okay. And he's playing more minutes. He's getting more. Yeah, but I'm saying a guy like that is that skilled. He could bounce back.
Okay.
And he's playing more minutes.
He's getting more ice time than he did in Minnesota.
I would not be surprised at all if he finished the year with 70 points.
Okay.
I guess my point is that shouldn't other guys on the team maybe be leading the team in scoring?
Yeah.
I guess that's my roundabout way of saying it.
And I think that that'll end up coming.
But Detroit, they're not deep enough.
They don't really have the depth right now.
There's not much depth there at all.
And Dylan Larkin actually just scored his first goal seven games in.
So I think that he'll end up getting 20, 25.
So you're right about Vanek.
If he's your number one gun, you're not going to win the East.
So bottom line, early surprise, but
I don't see them holding on to it.
Next question. Alright, so Garrett
Russell says, hashtag, alright
Hamilton, does Patrick Lane have a legit
chance to win the call there, or is it a Matthews
runaway? Patrick Lane has
a very, very
good chance. The only thing that's going to kill him is if he doesn't play for the
Maple Leafs. Because if he ends up getting more
goals, I think he will score more goals than Austin Matthews.
But if you watch that wrist shot goal he had the other night against Dallas,
you called it, and I kind of chirped you at the time, it's an Ovechkin-like release.
The more I see it, it keeps happening every night.
He's scoring from the top of the circle, no screen, beating great goalies.
I thought he was Kessel when I first saw him shoot.
That was the first time I saw him, his shot.
Yeah, it's true.
And it's a quick release like that.
And, yeah, that's a good analogy.
You know, the skating aside isn't the same at all.
And the size.
I just mean the shot itself.
The quick release.
The quickness of it.
I completely agree with Grinnell's there.
I agree.
Yeah, Lainey definitely has a shot at the call.
I mean, Matthews had a good start.
He's still producing.
Yeah, I'd say it's probably wide open between those two.
I mean, you know, Lion-A maybe is talented.
He may be a better pure scorer than Matthews.
I think that also a name to remember is, and I love that he's American,
is Zach Wierenski in Columbus.
Yeah, a defenseman, right? The way that you saw and talked about Shane Goss' spare last year in Philly, that's how Wierenski's going to be this year.
And he's better defensively.
Okay.
So a future stud, a guy that Mike Babcock really wanted to select in the draft when they ended up picking Mitch Marner.
Okay. It's actually a huge argument at that draft table
when they decided to pick Marner over Wierenski.
Now, that doesn't look like to be a bad pick,
but he'll be right there at the end.
I think Zach Wierenski will be a top three
Calder Trophy finalist.
Okay, so yeah, Lanny will be there with Matthews.
What do we got next, Mikey?
All right, so Rachel Fawcett says...
What up, Rachel?
What's up, Rachel?
I think we'll ever hear the end of the trade flurry rants.
Hashtag all right, Hamilton.
I'm just showing what's up.
What do you think?
All right.
I got my opinion on this, but you start it off.
I think every fan base in every sport in every town has their meathead portion of the fan base.
So anytime once something trade this guy starts up, it's always going to flare up.
There's always going to be a percentage of people, whether because they genuinely believe
it or they're trolling or they're just idiots that want to trade a certain guy.
And the internet makes it so easy for people like that to be heard.
So yeah, I think
in this day and age, mainly
because of social media, you're just always
going to hear some facts. I mean, we hear it
with the Rask, Trade Rask, all the time.
So yeah, once that shit starts up,
it never goes away.
Not that it's warranted. But this won't go
away because it's going to happen at some point.
And they re-signed
Matt Murray.
You see right now that Rutherford made it clear he doesn't want to trade them.
It's really funny because
you look
at how many teams would be dying
to have two good goalies right now. The LA
Kings, they're relying on Peter Budai.
It's like all these teams
with injuries
and you're like,
why isn't he trading Fleury for somebody great?
He's got this stud goalie that won him the cup that's younger.
Well, Rutherford likes having the depth and being able to realize that if there is an injury.
They have Mike Condon, and they won't even put him on waivers
because they know Boston would grab him right now.
Right, right, exactly.
So they like having the depth.
So I think that at some point Fleury's going to get traded,
but you'll never hear the end of it because it's going to happen.
He's making too much money to be a number two goalie.
Unless he takes his job back, which could happen,
but in the end, after signing Murray, Fleury's gone at least after this year.
I mean, I know my personal, you know, mark some of, what's his,
the GM in Pittsburgh, his name, from Carol Rutherford.
I've goofed on a couple of his moves,
but, man, everything he did last year had a golden touch to it.
He's really done a good job.
So it's almost like you don't even want to doubt the guy anymore.
Take a look at the salary Flurry's got after this year.
Yeah, two more years at 5.75.
This is his last year.
I mean, they have to be sold on Murray as the number one after what he did in the playoffs.
I mean, he was arguably their best player on their cup run last year.
I know as good as Crosby was.
So, yeah, you know, a team somewhere, like, you have to think Dallas has to be the number one team in the league looking for a goaltender.
I know Niemi and, what's his face?
Lettinen. Lettinen, great, awful and what's his face? Lettinen.
Awful name for a goalie, Lettinen.
Awful, awful
name for a goalie. So, you know,
you got those two guys. They're not trustworthy
as we saw. You know, they might do alright
during certain parts of the regular season, but they're not going to
be good in the playoffs for you.
I think Dallas is not sneaky.
They're definitely looking for a number one goalie.
So that could be a potential landing spot for them.
And those two teams do have a pretty significant trade history.
But I think it'll be after this season.
I think that with Murray starting off injured, unless Murray starts playing and is incredible
and Condon looks good and they do straight flurry.
But the way they did it last year, just to know, say they get into the playoffs again
and Pittsburgh's one of those teams like Washington and Tampa who are pretty much waiting for the regular season to end.
Once you get in the playoffs, if Murray doesn't have it, you've got Marc-Andre Fleury to lean on.
Right.
You know?
Yeah.
And there's no hurry to trade him.
That's the thing.
Yeah, exactly.
He doesn't.
There's no hurry.
He's not obligated to do it.
You have a night.
And you actually, I mean, for the regular season, you've got a nice one-two punch.
Yeah. I mean, you've got season, you got a nice one-two punch. Yeah.
I mean, you got two goalies who've won cups.
I mean, you can go with either one of them at any time.
But, yeah, there's no hurry for them to trade, you know?
Yeah.
What else have we got?
Any more?
Let's do one more.
Chris Fredrickson, at RealFreddyDo.
RealFreddyDo.
RealFreddyDo says, if you could pick a present player to start a dynasty, who would you pick?
Hashtag AlrightHamilton.
Anyone who doesn't take McDavid's a fool.
Yeah, I think that's kind of no-brainer.
He's just, like we said earlier, the total package, size, skill, speed.
I mean, look at Edmonton.
I mean, 7-0 and 1-8, 7-1 or whatever the hell they are right now.
They were terrible last year.
This kid's the real deal.
Austin Matthews, as good as he is,
he's a pretty complete
player for a 19-year-old kid.
I don't know how you do not
pick McDavid to start your franchise
with. Yeah, it's no questions
asked. A generational
type player. More than every 10-15
years. So, that's
our first segment of All Right, Hamilton. Again,
send in your questions for next episode.
Use the hashtag to be eligible.
All right, Hammy.
We don't have our winner yet.
We'll select it a little later, and I'll send you a tweet to the winner.
You can DM me your address, and we'll get a T-shirt out for you as soon as I get your 269th for postage.
No, I'm kidding.
So real quick, how about, dude, imagine you work for Bob Craft this week.
Now, are you a friend of Bob Craft?
And now he sent an invitation in the mail to people a couple weeks through FedEx.
And you open it, and it was a rock.
And painted on it, you're invited to see the Rolling Stones at Foxborough Stadium.
No.
Mine must have been lost.
Not a fucking, not like a sold-out stadium concert.
A private concert for like 200 people on the field in like a built, a
temporary tent, dude.
The Stones are about three million a rent to hire for a night.
Unbelievable.
So I'm a bit of a stone stalker, admit it.
So I reached out to one of my internet buddies who's written some gossip columns, and she
says, yeah, they're definitely-
I have a girlfriend.
They're definitely staying at the Four Seasons.
And Mick's been known to hang out at the Bristol Lounge You know, he likes it there
So they're playing Tuesday
I said, Monday night
I said, whatever
I'll go have an 18 margarita and some shrimp cocktails
What the hell
Yeah, and you're coming off a big cash
Well, that's it
Les robotons, thank you
Merci to the Canadians for the
So you went into the lobby of the hotel
Probably with like a bunch of 60-year-old women that wanted to thump Mick.
No, actually, it was funny.
It was quiet in there because they weren't on tour.
So a lot of people didn't even know they were in town because they were doing a private gig.
So I went to the belly up to the bar.
The first thing you do when you're doing this shit, you don't talk to, oh, where are the Stones at?
Because then right away they're going to chase you out of there.
So I just sit in there like I'm Joe Blow in town for business or whatever,
having a couple drinks.
Yeah, I'm Rear Admiral.
Can I get a mug, please?
And all of a sudden, two guys, like an English guy,
another guy with a weird accent, and a black chick sit next to me.
Sounds like a joke.
Yeah, right?
So we're shooting the breeze or whatever, and I said to the girl,
oh, what do you do for a living?
Oh, I'm a singer, so my antenna go up right away.
I'm like, oh, really?
I said, what are you in town for, a gig?
She says, yeah.
I said, where are you playing?
She points to her phone.
It's in my phone as if she can't remember.
Right away, I'm like, ah.
The kid next to her had a stone shirt on,
like a stone t-shirt.
I'm like, wait a minute.
This girl got to be on tour.
Was she good looking?
Yeah, she was pretty. yeah, pretty, pretty.
She's probably, I think, probably in her, like, late 20s.
You know, real friendly, like, had a wickedly, well, because she heard my Boston accent,
started goofing on, you know, goofing on mine.
I goes, oh, you settled now, you're in New York accent.
So anyways, we're shooting the breeze.
So, you know, a couple drinks later, I saw you on Twitter.
I says, she goes, oh, yeah, I forget.
Yeah, Ashley sent with her.
I pull it up.
I pull up her Twitter feed, and there's a video of her.
Now, have you ever seen the Stones in concert?
No.
Well, they play Gimme Shelter, and it's, you know, I mean, if you've heard the song.
Yeah.
Well, the great part of the song, the black female singer, the original, Mary Clayton was the original singer years ago.
Well, for the last basically 25, 30 years, a woman named Lisa Fish has been touring, and she sings backup.
She always comes out with Mick, and it's
real sexy and hot, and they're going back
and forth. I look
in the video, and this girl is touring
doing the Lisa Fisher role on the tour.
She's out there, but she's
total poker face. Didn't say nothing.
Didn't say, oh, by the way, I'm on tour with the fucking
Stones. So I'm sitting there yapping with her, and I pull up her video.
Yeah, she's out on stage with Jagger doing the black chick backup vocals on Gimme Shelter.
And you've got to have some pipes to do that.
So were you like, get me in?
No, no.
But she didn't know I knew this.
Because they're not, dude, it's like fucking code of silence, dude, with these people.
So I'm hanging out, and then I'm'm like trying to like, I'm being like,
not annoying,
but like I'm totally like
over here in conversations
being wicked nosy
because I don't know
if someone's going to be like,
hey, Mick's coming in now,
whatever,
because I mean,
I'm a fucking degenerate
love stones love.
I got the tattoo
on my leg, everything.
If I could ever,
I mean,
I high five Keith
that one show
and it was like that,
you know,
Brady Bunch.
I'm never going to
wash my hand again
or fucking.
So like just high fiving
and meant that much to you.
I do. It's fucking phenomenal. I mean, you know, greatest hand again. So just high-fiving him meant that much to you?
It was fucking phenomenal.
I mean, greatest band ever.
Your fucking favorite guitarist.
Talking to him would be sick.
Yeah.
Meeting him.
Taking a picture.
Yeah, a picture would be cool.
That's all I wanted.
So anyways, we're sitting there bullshitting, and then everyone's kind of breaking up for the night.
So the English guy who was talking to him, I kind of had him cracking up a little bit.
So I went over to him, and I was like, buddy, I looked up on Sasha's Twitter.
I goes, I know why he's here.
I mean, I knew the whole time.
He started laughing. I goes, buddy, who do I bribe?
And he just started pissing himself.
He goes, no. Especially, I mean, any show
is tough to get in, but when it's a corporate
show, dude, nobody sniffs it.
No media, nothing. It's just like
it's a private party. I might as well be in my
fucking basement here. Nobody can get in. So I it's a private party. I might as well be in my fucking basement here. You know, nobody can get in.
So I went over.
I tried.
I tried to fucking, you know, I mean, I don't know if there's a.
You gave an effort.
I gave an effort.
You were creeping.
And when I left, I said to the girl after, I said, you know,
you got a pretty good poker face there.
And she started cracking up.
So, yeah, I was.
My father told me.
I mean, I like the Rolling Stones.
I'm not.
I'm a fringe fan.
You know, I love some of their songs. My father went. His buddies picked, I like the Rolling Stones. I'm a fringe fan. I love some of their songs.
My father went.
His buddies picked him up for his bachelor party.
It was like 1981.
They didn't tell him where they were going,
and they took a bus down to Philly and watched the Stones and the old Eagles used to play.
Yeah, Veteran Stadium.
Veteran Stadium.
That would be the tattoo you draw.
And he said, oh, so you know the name.
Yeah.
Look at you.
But he came back and
somebody asked him, he told him, how was
he? He's like, oh, it was great, but I think they're kind
of, you know, they're probably like winding
it down. They're getting a little older.
And 36
years later and they're still on tour.
That's the one thing. They're probably
ready to shut it down on tour, man.
They've been saying that. I saw them first in 89, Steel Wheels down in Foxborough,
and they were saying the same thing then.
Even like they were saying the same thing the last time.
But don't you think it's maybe time?
You're going to take this on never.
I think they know nothing else.
I honestly think they're going to tour until one of them.
Right now it's Mick, Keith, Ronnie Wood, and Charlie Watts.
I think if one of those four were to die,
well, obviously one of them is eventually going to.
Not Mick, dude.
I think they will cease after that.
Because Bill Wyman was the bassist.
He dropped out years ago.
And a bass guy isn't the hottest thing to replace,
even though he's essential to a band like them.
But yeah, you're not going to replace, obviously, Mick or Keith.
Charlie Watts has been there from day one.
You know, you're not going to replace him.
And Ronnie Wood's been there since 75 after he replaced Mick Taylor.
I just think when one of those four goes,
I would hate to think that they would try to tour with, you know,
three guys saying it, just calling them the Stones.
And to me, honestly, like, I mean, they're an inspirational tool.
Just to go, like, to see them in concert, a 72-year-old guy.
My father's 72, and he's on fucking two bad knees, a bad hip.
I mean, he fucking struggles to get 10 feet.
And Jagger's out there, same age, incredibly fit, incredibly in shape,
and fucking does it for two and a half hours, runs around.
I'm 33, and I have to take a golf cart every time I golf.
It's great to see.
So, yeah, I did a little attempt at stalking.
Oh, by the way, I went back the next night, too.
I drove by.
It was like 2 o'clock in the morning.
I drove by and there were people.
And I know I'm not going to get served.
So I went in and I was doing just the best trick.
Same trick I used when I snuck in to see the igloo Stanley Cup.
Pretend you're on your cell phone.
People just think you're an asshole on your cell phone.
So I was having a fake conversation with nobody.
And I'm like, you know, maybe because people were stragging out.
And I saw the basis for this.
Daryl Jones is the basis on Toad the Stones.
But I didn't want to go over and try to get a picture with him in case someone else was in there.
And then security botched it.
Basically, it was a one-shot deal.
I didn't want to blow it on the basis.
I'll do respect to Daryl Jones.
So I sat around.
A couple of backup singers come up to blow it on the bassist. I'll do respect to Darryl Jones. So I sat around. A couple of the backup singers
come up. I waited.
Jagger, Richards, Woody,
Charlie, none of them come out.
I like to think I gave it a fucking
solid effort. Of course you did. It does not surprise
me in the least. I might have an issue
there. Yeah, probably, but we all know that.
That's you. Yeah, well, it's the Stones.
But actually, I think we're going to do
and start up another segment, too. Ask the millennial.
We'll ask you guys.
Yes.
I think that'll be fun.
Grinnell is a millennial.
I'm fucking...
Well, we'll ask him, like, you know...
I'm in between.
Who, like, fucking Linda Ronstadt is.
We'll ask you, like, who's Groucho Marx.
No idea.
Don't know.
Unbelievable.
Don't know either one of those.
See, perfect.
Well, I'm actually going to design a nice setup and...
No, Mikey, you're going to tweet out from the Spitting Chicklets
Twitter. Who were those two people?
Linda Grouch, you say? You don't know
who Linda Ronstadt is? Linda Ronstadt.
Linda Ronstadt.
Who is she? She only owned the
fucking airways in the 70s.
Owned the airways in the
70s, dude.
You really never heard of Linda Ronstadt?
No, but I was just too busy shooting
pox, man. I was just shooting pox
and stick handling.
Just trying to make it.
So easy, so easy.
I think I know her
songs. Yeah, no, absolutely.
I'm just surprised, you know, again,
that you guys haven't heard of certain things.
I'm a simple man.
Okay.
Leonard Skinner, bro.
Leonard Skinner, bro.
I know that one, man.
I'm coming, Elizabeth.
It's a big one.
All right.
Well, that's going to wrap up a festive episode today of Spitting Chicklets.
It's going to be posted on Barstool.
Today's Saturday.
We're getting it out right away with Super the producer, Mikey Grinelli, over here.
Thanks for listening.
Look, we took a little bit of a dip after episode two.
I don't know why.
So subscribe.
Tell your friends.
Bitch about us if you don't like us.
Tell us on Twitter.
At Stool Chicklets.
Leave a review.
At RyanWhitney6.
At RearAdBeesBlog.
And at Mike Grinelli.
Underscore, right?
So, dude.
Why would you ever put an underscore in there?
See?
What a fuck up are you?
This is my biggest problem right now in my life.
That's a huge problem.
If that's your biggest problem, your life ain't too bad.
I'm doing pretty well right now.
I got a first-row problem.
Mike Grinnell is taken.
Mike underscore Grinnell is taken.
What about Mikey Grinnell?
What about Mikey Grinnell?
So I had my Facebook name as Mikey Grinnell,
because that's what everyone calls me, is Mikey.
And then some kid
was in college was just bagging on
me one time was like, oh, Mikey, Mikey.
Like, what are you, five years old?
And I'm like, all right. Oh, man.
You let that guy get to you. I was
probably the kid bagging on somebody like
you at that point. Now I would feel bad.
People say little grown men shouldn't have nicknames.
Eat a prick.
I'm a big nickname guy.
The only ones I'm not nicknames about is Doug Hamilton is still Dougie,
and his brother Fred is Freddy.
When you're over 11, it should probably be Doug and Fred.
Freddy, Dougie, Dougie Hamilton.
I don't know.
Maybe work on that, Hamilton.
All right, Hamilton.
Nicknames of a life.
Yep, for sure. R.A work on that, Hamilton. All right, Hamilton. Nicknames of a life. Yep, for sure.
R.A.
You're talking wits.
All right, gentlemen.
Enjoy your Saturday.
Enjoy your weekend.
Go Pats.
And thanks for listening.
Take care.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out. Tell me, when will I be loved?
