Hey, Spit and Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spit and Chicklets is brought to you by BetDSI.com.
The NHL Playoffs semifinals are here.
Got Anaheim, Nashville, Pittsburgh, and Ottawa.
Who do you like?
You can still get some action in now.
It's not too late for a Stanley Cup bet.
You just want to bet them for the semis, you can that as well go to bet dsi.com they've got over 20 years in the
business they're one of the top revated top rated businesses on all the sportsbook review sites
they have a great mobile product that's easy to use from anywhere it's comes in especially handy
for live in-game wagering if your team's down after the first period or the second,
still want to get a little action on, no problem,
because the customer service is available 24-7, 365 days a year.
BetDSI.com has built their reputation on fast payments,
so when you do hit those futures, when you do hit those in-game wagering bets,
you get paid right away.
You're going to get a free 25 just to try the service,
just for registering here.
It's a 200 bonus on your first deposit.
So you go to BetDSI.com with the promo code SPIT200.
Again, that's BetDSI.com, promo code SPIT200.
Get all your NHL wagering in for the rest of the playoffs, NHL, NBA, and baseball as well. Happy gaming.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to episode 30 of Spittin' Chicklets brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Say hello gentlemen.
What up?
Hello gentlemen.
There's hello gentlemen.
What up, what up, what up.
Mikey Granelli.
30, this is number 30.
Episode 30 on the Barstool Sports Network.
Ryan Whitney, co-host.
Let me be honest, before we get going, I'm battling an injury, boys.
I got a bad neck, so just bear with me.
I'm on everything but rollerblades right now to try to get through this.
If I start slurring or something.
You got some meds?
You want to pass it on to the boys?
Doctor prescribed, man.
I'm a hurting unit.
Sorry, man.
But I'm ready to go.
I'm good to go.
Because I'm a hockey guy.
You are a hockey guy.
So episode 30, a little transition time.
Wednesday night, we finally got a game seven in the 2017 playoffs.
We actually got two of them back-to-back Wednesday night.
The Pens and the Caps, Anaheim
and the Oilers.
And we're starting round three tonight,
which we're going to get to later. No, no, no. Friday.
Oh, we're releasing tonight. My bad.
He needs a Doc Brown man. Told you guys I was
out of it. So, alright, let's go. So, game seven.
Pens, Caps.
Capitals live up to their legacy.
They were down 3-1. They did manage to get
a game seven.
What a fucking no-show, I thought.
I mean, Hopi was the only guy who showed up for them the other night.
It happened exactly like you thought it would.
And remember, I picked Washington all season to win the Cup.
By the way, I saw a stat.
Of the last eight seasons, the Capitals have the best overall record in the nhl regular season number two and three i
don't know which was two or which is three but it's pittsburgh and chicago they have five of
eight stanley cups the capitals have haven't even gotten to the third fucking round so joke it's
just incredible to see how it went in and i'm gonna be honest i i like the capitals all year
and then they won games five and six which you just you knew that would happen. It's like alright they'll force the
game 7 and then they'll lose. People were saying that
like they're really going to crush every
Capitals fan's souls. So
last night I bet Pittsburgh
I'm like Pittsburgh's going to win this game. 5-0
all time on road game 7. Now
6-0 and
I'm like it's just
and it was exactly what we thought.
And Hopi was great the other night.
What a horrific effort by the rest of the team.
But Hopi was, he was great.
But he got outplayed by Marc-Andre Fleury in the series.
And that's, when you look back, I mean, what is the difference?
Fleury has been great.
I mean, he did have those off couple years, you know,
in the playoffs after they won the cup.
He had a couple shit years.
Yeah, he did.
He's definitely been back. There's no doubt about
that. I thought
and you know, I know he had an assist last
night, but Crosby I thought was clearly a
different player after the concussions as any guy would
be at the concussion when
he took the cross check from Miskinen. I thought
the next game he clearly looked like a different
player as you would expect. And then he had that other hit
into the board. That looked even worse
than the hit he was concussed on.
That was, honestly watching that, he could have been paralyzed.
I couldn't believe how bad that looked.
And then the fact that they come out, and I don't know if you saw the league,
they can only take a guy off the ice for concussion protocol
depending on if his head hits the ice or gets hit with a stick or a puck.
So if your head runs into the boards, which with a stick or a puck they can't so if
your head runs into the boards which don't move you you're fine no that's okay stay out there
just grind through it just a quick conky it was such it was to me like bill daly though you know
going into lawyer speak like nope the we're off the hook on this one because our research shows
most concussions happen from the ice not the boards it's like the fucking neither one of them
has any give it was just like just like the guy got knocked.
Our research says more concussions come from the ice than the boards.
Exactly.
How do you watch that play and think, well, no way is he probably concussed again?
So going forward, again, we'll get to the preview a little later,
but I didn't think we were going to get a great Crosby.
He wasn't the difference in the game last night.
Marc-Andre Fleury, as you said, he was the best player probably on the ice.
But, dude, Ovechkin, man, like what a lazy fucking play.
The second goal.
Both goals.
He had lazy plays.
The second was worse.
The second one.
I mean, one hand on the stick.
All he has to do is bear down, make the simple play, get it out of the zone.
He fucking half-ass it.
It ends up in the net.
And, you know, a game game like that You only needed one goal
For everyone who's
Who's always said
Like you know
Ovechkin
First ballot
Hall of Famer
One of the greatest
Goal scorers of all time
Yada yada yada
Really the list
Goes on and on
It does
But for people who have
Always said
Then Lever went to cup
With him as captain
I used to think
It was bull
I thought it was bullshit
I thought
At some point It's like if you give an amazing player enough chances someone like
peyton manning they're gonna end up getting one right like sergio garcia in golf like yeah this
guy's so good they're gonna win a cup if you're on that train you are just walking proud and saying
i told you so today because that was a pathetic effort by him last night.
Now, you're thinking of, like we said, one of the greatest players ever to play,
Game 7, after all these years of Washington playoff failure and him not
necessarily not showing up because his playoff statistics are really good.
Right, right.
Close to Sidney Crosby's career playoff statistics.
But Crosby makes those plays, man.
You got a one-goal game in Game 7, You're at home, and you're reaching for the puck.
This is a guy who, in the regular season, by the way,
he'd pick a night, and he'd go in there two hands,
hack the puck out of the zone, and then bury the defense in
as the collisions happen and as you get to the puck.
That one, he swoops in one-handed like it was fucking a shinny skate,
like a Saturday morning skate.
And then he curls off, and all of a sudden it's 2-0.
And at that point it was game.
I said right then, game over.
And on the first goal, he wasn't really directly involved,
but he's standing on the wall, and he's just standing there,
this stick in the air.
And the puck gets kind of turned over, and then it's a quick three on two.
Gensel found Brian Rust.
He's like behind Rust, like barely skating,
like not even going balls out to try
to get to that third guy, Rust, who
ended up scoring.
What do you do with Washington
now is the question.
I don't know. Can you even
blow up that team?
As much as all you're saying about this,
do you trade Ovechkin?
That's funny. I said to Micah,
I'm from the GM of the team, or even the owner of the
team.
What do you do?
I'm pissed off today where I'm like, you know what?
See what people will fucking offer for him.
Just because I'm that mad.
I'm not going to say I'm going to trade him, but see what you can get for him.
Yeah, but that's like the guys who last like three years as GMs in the league and shit
like that.
But like, plays like that when your best players have to be your best players, and he's that
mentally lazy on a play like that where every play is important.
It's kind of telling.
And also, what else was I thought was pretty telling?
I believe it was  all of the defensemen, I believe it was his quote,
either him or Carlson, that one of the reporters asked him if this was a mental thing,
if this was in your head.
And he said, yeah, I'm starting to  maybe it is.
Maybe it is a little bit now.
And it's like, holy shit, man.
You're basically saying that, well,
it's not even the Penguins who have space in their head.
It's the whole game seven thing, the whole history of the franchise.
Like, I mean, that's bad, man, when players are acknowledged,
well, A, that it's happening, and B, like, that's a real thing. Like, okay, now, you know, this is something we worry about
going into fucking games?
The losses of teams from, you teams from 20, 30 years ago?
Yeah, I mean, also, this Pittsburgh-Washington thing now,
I mean, this is embarrassing.
I mean, they're...
Oh, cock city.
Sengen, we own you.
This isn't even like...
You can't beat us.
Yeah, this is like for you tennis fans, like Fedor Rodic,
when everyone said Andy Rodic.
And that was talking tennis.
Dude, there's no rivalry here.
Penguins just own them.
Yeah.
I mean, you actually, like, when they won game five and six,
Penguins fans, you know for a fact, were flipping out.
And is Crosby injured?
And I really hope he's not.
You said he looked different.
He still had moments of domination.
But before the concussion He was at this level
I don't think anyone ever seen
Right
So you're right
It was a little different
Crosby
But as a Penguins fan
You're just like
Don't even talk to me
Capitals fans
I mean it's just
It's embarrassing at this point
It's like Yankees
Red Sox
Pre-2004
Yeah there's no rivalry
It's a him or nil rivalry
You know
There's not much one
So yeah
Caps dominated once again.
Penguins move on.
And quickly about the Penguins, we forgot to mention,
because in all the talk about why they're good,
and we really haven't gone into it, Flory was great.
Evgeny Malkin, now the leading scoring Russian
in the history of the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Is he really?
Wow, I missed that one.
53 goals, 147 points, and 135 career playoff games.
How underrated is he?
I think we said a couple episodes ago, number one.
I mean, in terms of not getting recognition talked about,
there's a reason that when Crosby gets injured and he's missed a year of time
and long stretches of time, Pittsburgh's still nasty every year.
So you watch him and you realize how lucky Pittsburgh is.
And right now, we'll go into it in the preview section we talked,
but that was kind of the Cup final favorites right there.
So now I think Pittsburgh's the team to beat.
Yeah.
They weren't before.
I picked against them two rounds in a row.
Stay hot.
Stay hot.
It's not like I get paid to do this.
Yeah, thankfully.
We just pay out the nose to our bookies, that's all.
I do, though, get paid to do this.
I still don't know.
Well, the other game, seven from Wednesday night,
Edmonton, Anaheim, a couple of teams in your history.
Wow, all three of your former teams, not including Florida,
but three of your former teams are still alive here.
Wow, you get to talk about it.
They're probably, like, you know, watching old clips of me
before pregame warm-ups and stuff.
Getting fired up.
Anaheim, I mean, any talk of game-to-game momentum in an NHL series,
probably got blown up with this series.
It went from blowout to blowout to a nail-biter to finish off.
Anaheim, of course, won the game 2-1 and it went down to the wire.
At the end of the game, well, the last few seconds left,
Edmonton's got one more rush.
McDavid's got the puck kind of a...
When he dished it?
What?
I don't understand.
He's got minimal time.
He's barely got time for a shot.
He's looking for the perfect play, and I get it.
He's a playmaker, an additional goal scorer,
but you've got to take a shot there
because, A, you might score, or, B, at least create a rebound,
and he went for this perfect play, and they didn't even get a shot off.
Is that what you were thinking, too?
Yeah, I mean, but anything that could
That's what I'm saying.
That's like just criticizing some rocket for having, like,
a bad toenail or something.
Like, she just
She farted.
I get a dump.
He's so
The plays he makes, you never really can second judge.
I'm sure if he looked back at it, you know,
he's thinking I'm shooting that puck from  it was a good scoring area, you know.
But at the same time, how many tap-ins has he given guys this year?
So it's just  it's such a like, you know, what could have been.
But Edmonton, I know they lost, but what a season for them.
You don't want to just kind of immediately just talk Anaheim,
because the dark days are over.
The shit cloud that was over that city for the last, whatever, 12 years is gone.
And they remind me of the Blackhawks before they won the Stanley Cup,
when they started getting better, and then they went to the second round,
they went to the conference finals, and then all of a sudden they take off.
So Edmonton's here to stay.
It's all because of McDavid.
So at the end of the game, it could have been a little different,
but the fact that they're going where they are and what they did this year
shows that's going to be the team I think you're picking a lot
in the Western Conference going forward.
Huge step forward organizationally as a franchise.
I know we have fun with the Canadian team's goof on,
but it's always good to have what used to be Yamaki franchise in the 80s.
It's good to have them getting back to that level where they used to be.
I think, honestly, I think McDavid may have been shook by that.
All the couple who took the picture with him at the airport.
Well, all tweeted off the account.
Did you see it?
Oh, yeah.
That is hilarious.
In case you hadn't seen,
I don't know if he was... They would have locked him up
in their basement. Oh, my God. There was an
older couple, and the woman has
both of her arms. She was on a jungle
vine wrapped around one of McDavid's
arms, and the guy, the husband's
holding his hand, trying to shake him, and he has
the most scared look
on his face. Has something like that ever happened to you? you oh seek those i don't know if they were seekers because seekers
just want to interest but those people are like complete trolls it's like an absolute different
planet of people who come up looking for pictures and autographs that like they'll grab you anywhere
and i mean you could tell with him he's like holy shit like i think they took it before he even knew
what was going on.
Yeah, they were definitely, definitely very handsy out there.
All over the dude.
But, like, going back to the team, like I said, you know,
even before the playoffs, right, is teams like this,
they have to learn how to win.
So, by, you know, you have to lose to learn how to win.
And this is, like, I think a perfect example of it is, you know,
getting a seven-game series that probably a lot of people didn't expect them to a team with a lot of you
know veterans on it in anaheim you know and they took them they took it to the limit and you know
they're certainly going to have a lot of lessons to draw off of um by the way no one goes through
a handshake line quicker than milan lucci he really does not like those he's like fuck this
i'm gonna end up yeah because he knows he just wants to sucker like six other guys on the team that have been driving him nuts.
I'm going to fucking kill you next year.
But, I mean, the Ducks, they're a really solid team.
But you look back at that series, 3-0 in game, what game was it?
3-0 in game five?
Yeah.
With three minutes to go, and they lost.
Yeah, huge.
So that's just, it's like immediately you kind of,
you don't deserve to win a series if you lose a game like that.
That was one of the craziest things I've ever seen.
It was, what an ending to a game.
And then Perry gets the overtime winner, of course.
Yeah.
Who you knew would have, you know, he didn't have a Corey Perry type year.
He wasn't, you know, that elite goal scorer.
And he hadn't been playing a ton in the playoffs and scoring in the playoffs either.
But I think I said before this round, he'll end up doing something. He wasn't that elite goal scorer, and he hadn't been playing a ton in the playoffs and scoring in the playoffs either.
But I think I said before this round, he'll end up doing something.
You have the chance to kind of start over your season when you get to the playoffs,
and he was the perfect example of it.
But Getzlaff and that Ducks team, I mean, that guy, he's making a mockery of people out there, like out-muscling guys, like setting dudes up, playing defense, winning face-offs.
Him and Kessler in that D unit, like, I don't know.
That's going to be a good Western Conference final.
And we can  it kind of  Anaheim, Nashville,
it's getting the whole group of people going that are like,
oh, exciting fucking teams playing in the conference finals.
Like, just  these are going to be good series.
Just shut up.
I already saw, like, fucking, you know saw a guy, one of the media guys,
actually a local guy, Brendan Fitz from ESPN.
He's a good dude.
He just happened to be the first guy to tweet out,
oh, something about the ratings are going to tag NBC.
Loser, Fitz.
Like, who gives a fuck?
Loser.
Like, unless you work for NBC or sell ads,
I don't give a fuck.
The best teams that have won or where they're supposed to be,
that's who's playing.
Like, yeah, oh, really? You mean fucking
Nashville isn't going to draw the same TV
ratings as Buffalo? Oh, fucking
yeah. Come get your Pulitzer Prize
for fucking telling us that. This is where you weave out
the real hockey fans and not real hockey fans.
Yeah, but I don't even know. I don't think
any real hockey fan
even cares. You see the
story where you're like,
all right, well,
I'm watching it,
so I don't care if other people
are watching it.
I'm a hockey fan.
I'm not trying to grow the game.
I don't care.
You should be excited
there's no fucking storylines
to bust out.
And right away...
No, no,
but LeBron's going to play
the Golden State Warriors.
That'll be good.
We'll have that.
Oh, putting the cart
ahead of the horse. We're going to get the Celts Warriors. That'll be good. We'll have that. Oh, putting the cart ahead of the horse.
We've got to get the Celts in there.
Wow, that was talking basketball, huh?
The Celts aren't even going to sniff the Cavs.
They'll get losing four.
Are you really talking about?
Well, you just said we've got to get the Celts there.
We are going to be going into basketball land here soon.
Yeah, I know.
Because Nashville's playing Anaheim, you know?
Make a comparison.
No, but it is stupid to complain about the ratings.
It's like, yeah, first off, again, who cares unless you stand to make money off it?
Second, like, yeah, no shit.
The ratings will be lower when teams without traditional longtime fan bases are in it.
But, I mean, you got, well, I don't know if we're doing the preview yet.
Let's actually wrap up fucking real quick the other round.
Senators, Rangers, I had Sens in six.
I don't like that.
Oh, did you?
Pretty sure I did, yeah.
Nice call.
Yeah, I did.
But, I mean, honestly, dude, like the Sens are looking like one of those teams that they're
just kind of doing everything right right now.
I mean, I know obviously they got a tough matchup with doing everything right right now. I mean, I know obviously they've got a tough matchup,
but the pen's coming right now.
But, like, they're just playing great team hockey.
Anderson is playing out of his mind.
I mean, he was great in the clinching game.
Dude, we've said it every podcast since the playoffs started,
but how fucking good is Carlson, man?
Like, it's crazy.
He is so good out there.
Like, I mean, I know he might not have the numbers that you'd have
with a Conn Smythe.
I mean, we got an all-right Hamilton, and we'll do it later,
but we might as well ask it now if you guys are talking about it.
You guys, have you ever seen a single player that's not a goalie
really carry his team like Carlson's soon?
That's a good question.
I mean, I remember Brian Leach when the rangers won the cup in 94 he like
it's kind of eerily similar like defenseman the way they play he was so sick that year he'd like
been close to 40 points um but the team was so much better at the rangers ottawa is is being led
by this guy and the quote have you ever i've never seen a a GM and a coach like talk about a player and quote, like have quotes basically talking about a superstar on their own team like these guys in Ottawa do.
They say he doesn't need to practice.
God, on the eighth day, built Eric Carlson.
Like just hilarious quotes that you'd see from like fan sites or blogs that the GM's saying.
So the best thing about him now is, though, he's not even
offensively, everyone knows he flies by guys.
He's got an amazing shot, sets people up.
Defensively, he's just as good now.
It looks like he takes little shots of speed or does little lines of coke
when he goes to loose pucks in the corner.
He just is hopping around out there.
He gets to every loose puck first and then if he
actually most time he makes a tape to tape like cross ice pass and if he doesn't have that he'll
flick one like 30 feet in the air that lands and gives enough time for everyone to change and it's
never icing yeah so it's like the game the way he's really dominating games i think that i mean
i think that he's right now that the norserophy favorite. Pecorino is right there. You mean Kahn's might.
Kahn's might.
And he should be Norris.
That's what I think it was.
Freudian slip.
Freudian slip.
No, but he's just been  yeah, Grinnelli, that's a great question.
I don't really remember somebody recently doing what he's done.
Yeah, who's not a goalie but stealing games to the level he is.
And, you know, also, too, it's like Rangers fans are like, oh, what the fuck?
They thought they had him when in reality they weren't even close. he is and you know it also too it's like you know rangers fans like oh what the fuck they like they
thought we they thought they had them when reality they weren't even close and now we're seeing our
pens in five and pens in six it's like when are people gonna start like you know showing respect
to to the sensei i mean they i know the bruins weren't the you know a team that everyone thought
was gonna go far but they beat them in six they just dum dummied the Rangers in six. Yeah, but I'm going to go again.
The Rangers were close, man.
The Rangers, Ottawa won two home games.
The Rangers won two home games.
And in game five, the Rangers had a two-goal lead with two minutes to go.
And they hold on to that.
It's a different series.
They did not dummy them. Okay, but I guess what I'm taking into account is the fact they were a pretty decent underdog.
No one really gave them much of a chance.
Yeah, they were the biggest favorite, the Rangers, actually, in the second round.
That's true.
I mean, no one gave much of a chance, and they won in six games.
But you're right.
It was certainly a close series.
Bottom line is people still aren't really taking them serious.
But the other series that finished up, St. Louis, Nashville.
Nashville just looks good. there's nothing else to
say i mean pekka like you just said pekka renee is obviously they're probably their cons might
candidate but they're d man you know yosi ellis that combs who been the best top four in the league
um just too much for st louis i mean st louis they really didn't make much of a stand i don't think
yeah i think that i think nashville just kind of showed their team speed was a lot higher than St. Louis's.
The way they could kind of get to lose pucks in there.
Nashville just like, LaViolette, you could tell it's like they just forechecked the shit out of teams.
D, Pinch, and they know their D are good enough skaters.
A lot of them can get back, but they don't have like that superstar up front.
That could end up affecting them.
Say they go on to beat Anaheim.
You know, I'm really interested in Anaheim-Nashville.
I don't really know how that's going to go.
But Ryan Johansson's really kind of turned into that elite player, the gets left type guy that Nashville needs.
But overall, it's like depth up front.
You know, like Mike Fisher plays in the third or fourth line.
He's had a great career in the NHL, like the perfect leader for a team like that.
He was in Ottawa when they went to the cup finals.
Carrie Underwood, oh, my God, I'd love to get another round of her.
Thank you.
He gets traded out of Ottawa to Nashville, which is, you know,
one of the better cities in the league and ends up marrying.
She's got to make like 30 million a year.
Is that a lot for someone like a recording artist?
Yeah.
She's in that stratosphere of musical superstardom
where she can live off just her record sales alone at this point.
But yeah, she's got to make somewhere in the tens of millions of dollars.
What a life.
Yeah, so he's just an example of the kind of forward that Nashville has,
most of the part.
I mean, like Victor Arvidssonson i think we've talked about him just out of nowhere unbelievable season for this guy like callie yornkrok's hard to play against james neal can
snipe so they're dear they're their backbone and pecorine had an up and down season there were times
when he was bad and times he was great and then he's been just what is he eight and one right now
in the playoffs pe Pecorine?
They swept him 1-5, right?
Did they lose one or two games?
I think they swept the first round against Chicago.
I think they lost two.
Did they lose?
Yeah, it was a game six.
Okay, so 8-2, 8-2.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
St. Louis did win game five.
But either way, he's just like, if you have those 4-D
and then if you actually get by those guys
and are able to get scoring chances and he's on his game, Nashville's going to be legitimately probably the favorite in that Anaheim series.
Yeah, it's going to be tough to beat.
So yeah, the second round probably gave us a little bit more drama insofar as we got a couple of game sevens out of the deal where we didn't at all in the first round.
But I'll tell you, man, I'm fired up for the semifinals.
But I'll tell you, man, I'm fired up for the semifinals.
I'm just wondering, Ryan, do you know any gamblers out there who have two of the final four teams futures on?
So what are you going to do if Nashville?
Just to get you up to speed, I got money on the semis in Nashville.
In case you're a first-time listener.
So Nashville and Ottawa both win, you're guaranteed what?
You think I'm giving numbers on the air, dude?
I don't trust the federales.
You shitting me?
Come on.
All right, well, put it this way.
If I was Nate from Bastille, D.C., we would call it low five figures.
Low five figures.
All right.
Low five figures.
All right, so you have both of those teams.
So you just need one of them to move on and you can hedge.
Right.
I got 40 to one on Nashville and I got 28-1.
I'm sorry, 40-1 on the Senators and 28-1 on Nashville.
So if it ends up Preds and Senators, I'm guaranteed.
I don't have to bet anything.
I'm a winner already going into the finals.
I had a Pittsburgh fan tell me that they actually begged me on Twitter to pick Ottawa
because I've picked against the Penguins two series in a row.
But at this point, I think the Penguins are going to smoke them.
I know you're on the Ottawa training.
You've been right when nobody's giving them respect.
But this is different now.
How much of a difference?
It's Carlson versus Crosby, right?
It won't be necessarily.
Who even knows if they'll be matched up against one another, but
with
the depth
Pittsburgh has up front and the way Fleury's
playing, unless Fleury
goes back to a few years ago when he
had those rough patches, which I certainly
don't think will happen. There's no reason to think
that would happen. I think Pittsburgh
is going to steamroll a lot
in five, maybe six games. See, I feel like we heard that last round, too. I don't know. I think Pittsburgh is going to kind of steamroll a lot in five, maybe six games.
See, I feel like we heard that last round, too.
I don't know.
I think, honestly, the way Craig Anderson's playing,
I think Anderson and Fleury are almost awash right now.
I know Fleury has a better pedigree because he has won a cup.
I just, you know, Anderson was great in that elimination game.
He made some huge games.
He was great in that game.
He's been great the whole playoffs.
So I honestly think the goaltenders are awash there.
Obviously, Crosby, huge player.
I think he's diminished with the concussion, as any player would.
I think clearly from the game where he wasn't concussed to the next game,
he did play.
He's not the same dominant player, and I think that's expected.
And then he took that other hit into the boards, man.
I wouldn't be surprised if he got conked off that.
I just think, yeah, he was so fucking dominant up until then.
I don't think we're going to have that same Crosby.
He's going to be a little diminished.
I think after him, take Crosby away,
well, okay, Malkin too.
After those two, I think the forwards,
you know, there's a lot of similarities,
a lot of good guys up and down the line.
I always get some good forwards.
Do you think Crosby diminished that much?
Did you see him in, what was it, game six?
I think he's going to be great.
Me too.
He picked Oshie's pocket, walked in, and set up, what was it, Gunzel?
Yeah.
Is it Gensel?
Yeah, Gensel, I think.
Yeah, I think that Crosby could come out game one and be the exact.
I mean, he wouldn't.
Yeah, I mean, it looked like concussions,
but with his history, he wouldn't be playing if he had one,
if he had any symptoms.
Now, yeah, you could be a little more timid, right?
If you got buried in the dome and you're not feeling concussed,
but if you're playing in the game and he's feeling okay to be out there,
like it wouldn't shock me at all.
Remember someone came on with us and said that he got surgery on his neck?
No, not surgery. It was like treatment. It yeah treatment on his neck that opened up oxygen going into his
brain that he said i need some help it helped his concussion problem right that's you're right yeah
it was more of a neck problem than a concussion yes problem that was less oxygen was getting to
his brain and it was causing him to have more concussions now to the point you just said wits
now if he wouldn't be playing if he was concussed,
and this isn't calling Sid in particular to the forefront,
but any player could say,
I don't feel a concussion, the symptoms,
if they truly want to play.
I mean, correct?
In other words, he can be lying to the doctor.
And I'm not saying he is.
I'm not accusing him of that.
No, that's a valid point.
Because you guys are competitive.
It's what you do for a living.
You live for this stuff.
And here's your opportunity to be in the semifinals to get to another cup.
And okay, maybe I got a little bit of a headache, but I'm not going to tell them that because then they won't let me play.
So, yeah, 100, that could be the case.
You do have to do tests and stuff.
You do a test when you get a concussion.
You got to get, like, in terms of terms of like your memory and remembering certain things.
And you got to get I don't know if it's the exact same score or similar score again to come back or whatever it is.
I just would hope that he wouldn't be doing that right for his health and like the future.
But yeah, I mean, you hear it in the NFL all the time.
Guys aren't getting now he's different.
Like you hear people say, if I don't play, I'll lose my job. That's that's different for him but yeah if guys are like i'll do anything to get back on the field
what's that dude ronnie law to cut his half his finger off to get back and like and play in the
super bowl it's like athletes do crazy things to play um but with an with a guy who's had head
injuries in the past i would just like i would think that there's no way you would hope he would
yeah he would listen to his you to the smarter side of his brain.
Sorry, man, I got a long life after hockey.
The okay side of the brain.
The uninjured side of the brain.
Yeah, the uninjured side of the brain.
But anyways, I think it's going to be a hell of a series, man.
Like I said, the Senators, they're rolling right now.
They're playing.
They frustrate the shit out of you.
Right.
They play that 1-3-1 opportunistic, but they got finishes.
They don't have, obviously, their superstar is Carlson,
but up front they don't have a superstar front.
Instead, they just have a bunch of better than serviceable guys
who can score 20, 30 goals.
They got Mike Hoffman's a stud.
MacArthur.
MacArthur's played great.
Mark Stone.
You just want to punch Stone in the face.
He gets in every scrum with the scowl look on his face.
Is that the word?
Scowl, yeah.
Yeah, there we go.
He's got a scowl on.
You just want to drill him.
But Ottawa, I mean, they just, like,
Phaneuf is such a pain to play against.
And Mark Mathot's good on D.
So, yeah, I mean, they're in the conference final for a reason.
There's definitely kind of an upset last round if you want to look at, like,
the Vegas lines in terms of them beating the Rangers.
But I think Pittsburgh's just too deep and too strong.
And also, Pittsburgh is battling injuries a little bit.
I mean, we've mentioned Crosby, obviously.
Sheery was out with a concussion for a game, but he's now back playing.
Trevor Daly's out right now with an injury.
I don't know if he'll be ready to play in the second round.
So can Ottawa take advantage of Pittsburgh's defensive group?
Now, they got guys who have had great seasons, but there's no LeTang.
He hasn't been there for quite a while.
He hasn't played any playoff games.
Daly's out to end that series.
So they got Hainsey back there.
You know, Justin Schultz had a good year, but you can kind of get on his defensive side.
If you play against him down low.
So Ottawa's going to have to play in Pittsburgh's zone as much as they can, try to work those D,
and maybe steal a couple games with Anderson. So that's how they'd win the series.
In terms of them being able to do it, I don't know. But if Carlson keeps playing the way he does,
and Anderson can outplay Fleury, and they can kind of really grind Pittsburgh's D,
which none of them are overly physical, really. Like Ron Hainsey can move the puck,
but none of these guys play super hard.
Brian Dumlin's got a good stick,
but he isn't that aggressive of a player, I would say.
So that's how they could win the series.
But if they don't get a lot of those things coming together at the right time,
which they have been, so maybe they'll stay that way,
then I think Pittsburgh kind of rolls over them.
Okay, and Pittsburgh and how many?
I'm going Pittsburgh.
I'll go Pittsburgh at six.
All right.
So every Penguins fan is like, you know,
motherfuck me right now because they've won as I've picked against them.
I'm sorry.
All right.
I think, honestly, you can't even just kind of hammer home the fact that
Pittsburgh's D isn't that great, especially they're missing LeTang.
Obviously, I've been on the Senators since
March when I bet them. I genuinely
do think they got a damn good shot
to win it. They're just playing, like I said, great
team hockey. Guys are doing what they need
to do. Carlson is otherworldly.
Boucher is making the right
calls. I'm going Sens in
the series. Not only going Sens, I'm going Sens
in six.
Dude, this is such
a money
call
you're making right now.
This is all because you bet the Senators.
You don't believe they're going to win in six.
I know. I honestly
do. I mean, yeah, I stand to
make some money if they win the Cup. You're also kind of
a Penguins hater.
You always kind of hate on the Penguins
a little bit.
Yup, Grinnelly's
shaking his head.
Yup, you got the
Penguins thing.
There's definitely
a rivalry there,
but this isn't like
from a place of,
oh, I hate the Penguins
and I'm picking against them.
You like Ottawa.
Obviously, I picked Ottawa
a while back
because I liked
what they were doing.
I thought they could
make some postseason magic.
I have been pumping
their tires.
You've been right.
I did say they were going to win the division.
They didn't, but I did.
Even a blind squirrel finds a nut?
Yeah, there we go.
But actually, it would be funny.
Actually, going back to 2004, I actually was in a similar situation.
I bet Tampa Bay in September at 40-1.
I was broke at the time.
I had like 25 on them at 40-1. But was broke at the time. I had like 25 bucks on them at 40-1.
But I bet in September.
And then in February, Calgary was like the ninth or tenth seed.
They were 90-1 to win the cup.
I put 100 bucks on them.
So going into the 04 Cup, I had Tampa Bay to make 1,000 or Calgary to make 9,000.
And remember that crazy double overtime?
And those are two teams.
That could be like Ottawa and Nashville, too.
It's like that sounds like a similar type series, Canadian team and a southern team.
Something that nobody predicted.
What a crowd in Nashville though, huh?
It would be cool to go to a playoff game there right now.
That's the other series, Nashville-Anaheim.
Believe me, if they do get to the cup, I'm going to try like hell to get down there.
Talk about storylines.
This one here, we got Corey Perry and Ryan Getzlaff versus probably the best top four in hockey.
I don't think there's really any dispute.
Defense versus offense.
And honestly, I think Nashville has a pretty decent-sized lead in goaltending, too.
Gibson's been good.
I think Rennie's a lot better.
Whatever, I'll just say now.
I got Nashville in six here, too, early pick.
But what do you got, Witz?
So it's tough.
I think as good as Nashville's D is,
when you quickly give them the edge in the D group,
it's kind of unfair because Anaheim's D is really, really solid.
You got Hampus Lindholm's back there playing great.
Cam Fowler looks awesome.
Votnin made an unreal setup in game seven
to set up the game winning goal by
Richie. So they
got a D who can really move the puck
and skate. Manson's had a great playoff
but the difference
and the reason I'm picking Nashville is because of the
goaltending. I think Pecorine
is just, when he's on
he's so good. We mentioned it a little
bit before but the way he can
when you see Price get hot, it's similar.
There's nothing to shoot at, and every save looks really easy.
Like, there can be a quick snapshot, like, labeled for the top corner,
and he just kind of gets his blocker up there.
Instead of another goalie really having to make it look a little miraculous,
he's just in the perfect  he's in the perfect area of the crease
whenever he's facing shots, when he's on.
So I think Gibson has the ability to be like a future superstar goalie in the league.
But at his age and the way that Nashville's played so far, it's like when you get here and you talk about Fleury outplaying Holpe,
when you get teams that are evenly matched, and I think these two teams are, it comes down to goaltending.
So how do I pick against Rene right now?
I really can't.
But in terms of offense, I think Anaheim has the edge because of that superstar quality
and gets laugh and how good Raquel's been.
They're just deep, right?
Cogliano plays on that third line, and Nate Thompson's on the fourth line.
They just have a lot of guys that are hard to play against uh and then up front they just have you know they have plenty of skill
i mean silverberg is a guy like i you wonder if he would ever be left like unprotected i don't i
don't know his exact contract but i i would be i remember people throwing out his name in terms of
he could be on vegas he's awesome with with the ducks he played he was with Getzlaff a little bit in that series against Edmonton,
but their forwards are probably a little bit better,
but just goaltending-wise, I've got to go Nashville.
Who do you have, by the way?
I've got Preds.
Did we get your pick?
No.
I know, I'm sorry.
I don't want to interrupt.
All right, just dummied you.
Suck on that one, Grinnelli.
No, we want both his at the same time.
I'll take Pittsburgh.
I'll take Pittsburgh in five.
Oh!
I'll take Pittsburgh in five, and then I'll take Nashville in seven.
Okay, what did I say? I didn't give a game in Nashville.
I said Penn's in six.
I'll go Nashville in seven also because I want a game seven.
If it goes to game seven, I think I might just go down.
Really?
Just jump in my car and drive.
Dude, go grab a Jet Bull.
It's probably like 100 in Nashville.
It would be sick.
Yeah, I'm Broadway Street.
Yeah, I've heard.
It's legit number one on my list of cities to visit in general.
Then add in hockey.
This place is an absolute gem.
It's just
live music all day
getting waffled, walking up and down
the street. It's great.
I love that place.
I'm looking forward to the city
and the playoffs. It's funny because we goof
on Pierre in the show all the time.
He actually said during one of the games last
week, they asked him, how loud is it in here, Pierre?
And he said, oh, louder than Chicago after they won a cup.
And, of course, everyone rolled their eyes.
But I actually did get a text from somebody who was in the building,
and they said it was by far the loudest they've ever heard it build.
And this person playing in the NHL was like,
I've never heard it build that loud.
I always liked the fans in Nashville.
I remember when Weber was still on the team.
By the way, how about that trade right now?
I think there was an all-white Hamilton about that, but whatever.
Weber-Subban is like still kind of crazy to me that that happened.
Subban's still playing and playing well right now.
And how about Jimmy Veazey too?
Yeah.
Oh, I know.
That's a great point.
I saw that.
Somebody tweeted like, oh, yeah, Veazey went there because he wanted to get a better chance to win the Cup.
But either  I mean, that's just  that's like one of the chances that actually happens.
They're definitely laughing there.
I mean, he spurned all teams but the Rangers.
And now he's on the outside looking in, Nashville moving on.
And, well, I pointed out, too, on Twitter, you know, Habs are out in the first round.
PK's on the way to the third round.
And, of course, you get, well, actually, on Twitter,
well, you know, even if they had Weber, it's like, buddy, you're missing the point.
I'm just fucking rubbing Canadians' fans' noses in the fact that they lost in the first round.
That's all.
I'm not, like, saying it was because of the fucking who was where, whatever.
But, no, quick, this story, I love this guy that I'll tell you about.
The Nashville fans are great.
They've always been great.
So when Weber was still there,
there was a dude who sat behind the bench.
He must have been a season ticket holder.
He was always there.
And he would just go,
when Nashville got a power play,
he would just start saying,
oh, here comes the Weber bomb.
Here comes the Weber bomb.
And they'd be snapping it around
and you'd just hear this guy right behind you because I wasn't killing penalties. Here comes the Weber bomb. And they'd be snapping it around and you're just like, here's this guy right behind you
because I wasn't killing penalties. Here comes the Weber
bomb. Oh, here it comes.
Finally, someone would set up Weber for
a bomb. Two times he sniped
with the exact Weber bomb. The guy goes, oh,
there was the Weber bomb.
Holy shit, I called it.
And every
I'd turn around and be like, this motherfucker
is calling the Weber bomb.
They got great fans down there, though.
It must be awesome to play there because even if you suck, they're going to be nice to you anyways.
It's just Southern hospitality down there.
Oh, and like playing there, like there's no state tax in Tennessee.
There's probably like two reporters after practices and games.
Like if you're playing bad there on a big contract, you don't get any heat.
Southern bells.
There's smoke shows everywhere.
That's a city.
I love how they bust out the big guns for the anthem.
So I'm dying to hear Lurleen Lumpkin for the semifinals.
Oh, who's that?
Don't even tell me the Simpsons reference is too old for you.
Dude, your Simpsons references are old. I don't think people still watch the Simpsons reference is too old for you Dude, your Simpsons references are old
I don't think people still watch the Simpsons
No shit, but I'm talking about
The classic episodes, like season 2 through 9
Lurleen Lepkin, you ever see when Homer becomes
The country western manager?
No, I know, I used to watch the Simpsons when I was like
In 6th grade, or no, like 4th grade
But I don't remember that one
Yeah, Homer and Maja fighting, so he gets mad
And he goes off to a hillbilly bar where they have FUD instead of DUFF.
And Homer's like, give me a DUFF.
Give me a DUFF.
He's like, we only serve FUD here.
And he tries to order the FUD at Moe's, and Moe's like,
didn't they take that stuff off the shelf after all those hillbillies went blind?
Classic.
That's Talking Simpsons.
Literally Lumpkin.
Fucking she wanted to bang Homer, and Homer wouldn't.
I can't, but whatever.
And that was Talking Simpsons.
All right, actually, we got a surprise guest this week.
Came together last minute.
We had another person.
We ain't going to shame him.
He kind of bailed on us last second.
Things happened with him.
But we got another special guest.
We're going to be bringing him in now.
For his reaction last night, his JNCO jeans, clutch jeans,
capital shit the bed again.
So now we're going to take it to the one, the only PFT comment.
Next year.
Now we're bringing in to you the Capitals' number one fan,
certainly the Jinko jeans' number one fan of the game,
PFT comment of the Pod My Take podcast.
PFT, man, Capitals lived up to their billing and choked in Game 7.
What's your take, man?
What's the deal with this fucking team?
They're incredibly consistent.
I'm dealing with a lot of bad emotions that I have right now.
I got in at about 6 o'clock.
Here's why I messed up.
I went to the game, and I decided, hey, I'll save the company a couple bucks.
Instead of taking a train back,
I'll take a midnight bus back. And midnight bus people are some of the weirdest group of human
beings ever collected. And it was a terrible ride back. And I'm feeling awful. I feel like I have
PTSD. I don't want to make light of PTSD, but I feel like it's on a scale, right? It has to be.
Everything's on a scale.
And I have light PTSD from this Capitals team.
I saw it coming.
I knew it was going to happen in Game 5.
Once we started to turn things around,
I knew they were going to win Game 5, Game 6,
and then they were going to rip my heart out at home.
So, I mean, it's par for the course as a Caps fan. How come you took the golf of Beef Johnson to the Gambia? Was that who you
went the game with?
Nate's playoff period is something else, isn't it?
He really does look like that golf of Beef.
I couldn't believe how much he looked like him.
Yeah, it looked like he just smeared his cheeks with
crazy glue and went down on Sasquatch
or something.
Were you able to, like,
did you have maybe a hookup
bring you that bottle of Fireball, or did you sneak that in going into the stadium? No, like, did you have maybe a hookup bring you that bottle of fireball,
or did you sneak that in going into the stadium, the arena?
No, no, I snuck it in.
It's classic.
It's a really easy trick for all you guys out there.
If you ever want to bring something into a game, make sure it's in a plastic bottle
and just put it on your dick, and they never touch your crotch.
So that's a real, if you're a terrorist, don't listen to me.
That actually doesn't work.
But if you're not a terrorist and you're just trying to sneak fireball in, then, yeah, it works all the time.
You know who could well be a terrorist and she may be waiting for her moment to strike is a knitting lady.
How is she allowed to bring fucking eight-inch long knitting needles into an arena?
Shouldn't those be on a ban list, BFT?
That's what I was thinking.
How come she's allowed to bring those in but I can't bring my knife in?
She's actually  That's what I was thinking. How come she's allowed to bring those in, but I can't bring my knife in? And I also had a great business plan outside of the Verizon Center
after every single Caps playoff game, like knives and guns,
just for people to just shoot themselves.
It was awful.
It was awful.
I feel like they ripped my heart open.
Yeah, so you can build like a handy damage yourself after the game.
I've been a long proponent of building a vasectomy clinic just outside of Disney World
because I think it's a fucking goldmine waiting to happen.
You know, kids drove me crazy.
No more of that.
Boom.
Get it, snip.
Donezo.
So now that your team's done.
That's not a bad idea.
Do you have any  do you latch on to another team?
Do you give a fuck about the playoffs?
Do you like even going to pay attention anymore or any more clutch genes to worry about? I don't give a fuck about the playoffs? You, like, even going to pay attention anymore or any more clutch genes to worry about?
I don't give a shit.
Maybe I hope  I'd like to see a Canadian team win just for those takes.
That would be nice.
But, no, I don't care.
I'm not going to watch a single Penguins game for the rest of the postseason just because
I'm going to be triggered.
The snowflakes are going to trigger me.
And what's up with Holtby?
I guess he got off the Adderall this postseason.
He played like a big bag of trash, and then Fleury, I guess,
picked up his prescription and was just dialed in.
Everything went wrong for the Caps, and everything's going to continue to go wrong.
I was just telling Big Cat about this.
The Caps, they're a great life lesson.
You learn a lot about life from being a fan of that team
because 99 of a human being's life is just convincing themselves
that losing and not completing your goals is okay.
So I've got a lot of experience in that, and the Caps taught me well.
But that's about the only good thing I can say about this franchise.
Do you, so like, you know, being yourself, you know, you have all
these opinions on what the Capitals
need to do. I mean, are you trading Ovechkin
or does the Russian need to stay in D.C.?
Oh, here's a great idea. Here's what we
should do. We should load up on
offensive-minded defensemen. That's
probably the one thing that we're missing
in this franchise. Like Eric Carlson.
Great story, postseason history.
We've got, yeah in the great in the
legacy of mike green and uh now shatty uh let's just keep let's just keep mortgaging the future
and get a bunch of these guys that can't defend and like to take 40 foot slap shots sounds like
the locker room attendant failed to label the coffee correctly uh the greenie coffee wasn't in the proper spot if Holpe wasn't on, huh?
Exactly, yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
I'm going to give Vyvatskyan six more years.
He's on a short leash with him.
So if he doesn't get it done by, what, 2022 or whatever,
then we'll think about pulling him out.
But let's see what he can do.
I don't know.
I'll tell you, there's been another Russian everyone's been talking about. the guy can score at will wonder if the caps might bring him and uh that dude putin he looked like he can light it up man i mean the
goalie's just afraid of his slap shot how when well i don't the caps bring him in i would love
to see putin play on the caps that would be great um bring in a couple of his enforcers too that
have those like umbrella poison darts so if anybody gets near putin you just inject them with the ricin or whatever uh yeah putin's he's light on his feet
he's got a slap shot um seems like a good player and i'll give a whole whole new meaning to the
word emergency goalie as well uh well listen we really appreciate you coming on um we do need to
get your pick uh we we know you think pitt going to win the Cup, though, don't you?
Knitting Lady's actually knitting Suck It PFT
on a nice, beautiful
piece of yarn she has.
I heard Barry Melrose talking
about her like she was that lady
from the French Revolution that would knit the names
of the people that died.
She's Madame Defarge
from Tale of
Two Cities or whatever.
My stupid hair and my stupid face is covered in blood on that scarf by now.
But, yeah, I don't want to see her.
I don't want to watch the Penguins.
Here's my prediction.
The Penguins are going to win, and I'm going to be pissed off,
and everyone's going to laugh at me for being a Caps fan.
That's my prediction.
You can take that to the bank.
Well, there we go.
We shall do that.
PFT, thank you so much for coming and joining the show on
short notice. Hopefully we'll get the
PMT bump and bring us the number one and knock
you out of the number one branch again.
That sounds good. Cousin Sal, we're coming after your ass.
That's right.
Alright, brother. Have a good day and good luck next year.
That interview with PFT comment
that was brought to you by us.
The fellas at Spittin' Chicklets.
Me and you. Me and you, Witz. Spittin' Chicklets. Oh, us? Yeah, me and you. Me and you, Witz.
Ingrinels?
Ingrinels.
Hey.
Spittin' Chicklets.
You guys need gear.
You look like a Suns Out,
Guns Out type of guy.
So in the summertime,
you're going to have a tank top on.
You're going to go to
BastlSports.com,
Spittin' Chicklets,
and order up a what?
I'm not a tank top guy,
but I would order up some gear.
Suns Out, Guns Out,
it shows the biceps.
I don't have any, unfortunately.
But I also just like rocking my Spittin' Chicklets t-shirts, man.
Honestly, I come around, my buddies say,
oh, you're trying to pimp out your own podcast?
I said, dude, I love the logo, and you're goddamn right
I'm trying to pimp out our podcast because it's great stuff.
I like the white, red, white, and blue Spittin' Chicklets shirt
is my go-to.
What about you?
Yeah, well, seeing as the black and gold is my baby, my concept, my design, my colors,
I'm going to humble brag.
I love the black and gold.
Obviously, it's based on the Bruins colors.
But yeah, I definitely, when I pull the shirt on, I definitely feel proud that it's something
that we've worked hard on and people actually buying our t-shirts.
I mean, that's a cool thing.
Also, I'm not a big tank guy Because you know Guys on the beach
Get jealous of my guns
I can't tell
But uh
Gas and beers
And Chuck and Knucks
Has been a popular seller
Get that tank
If you're down to spit
Down in Scituate
I said that
On Pardon My Take
And it took off
Gas and beers
And Chuck and Knucks
I like gas and beers
I'm not a Chuck and Knucks guy
Because I don't want to
Get my teeth knocked out
Um
But if you're into
Gas and beers
And Chuck and Nox
or either one of them, you've got to buy a tee.
Just rock it all summer.
Definitely.
So support your squad.
Support your pod.
Barstoolsports.com slash chicklets.
Buy some gear.
All right, big thanks to our buddy,
PFT Commenter of the Hilarious Pod My Take podcast
coming in and bringing us his take on the Capitol sign. Next year's his year. Next year, absolutely. All right, big thanks to our buddy, PFT Commenter, of the hilarious Pod My Take podcast,
coming in and bringing us his take on the Capitals.
Next year's his year.
Next year, absolutely.
That's the good thing about those Capitals shirts.
They're good in perpetuity.
Just keep selling them every year.
So he's golden there.
Next up, we're going to do our favorite listener segment, All Right, Hamilton,
in which we take questions from our dedicated listeners. We're going to say degenerate listeners.
I was going to maybe say that,
but I don't know if everybody gambles to the extent that you and I do,
so we'll be nice.
All right, so I know we talked about some Russians with PFT,
so we'll start off with that.
Makony asks, what's your take on Kovalchuk?
If he comes back, where does he end up?
All right, Hamilton.
I mean, how perfect is it that he's a member of the Las Vegas Golden Knights?
I don't know how this could happen.
They just signed his teammate from St. Petersburg in the KHL.
I don't know how.
So what happens is when he comes back,
he's going to have to basically have a sign and trade with the Devils
because he's not going to come back to play with New Jersey.
I think that's obvious.
But the issue is how is he going to get somewhere else?
What is New Jersey going to want and how is it all going to play out?
Because there's an easy chance that if he doesn't want to play for the Devils,
he won't be back because I don't know if the Devils are going to be willing to work with him.
They're not just going to let him go anywhere he wants.
Yeah, they're going to work a sign and trade out.
He definitely doesn't want to go to the Devils.
But I wonder, you know, you saw Radulov have a great season this year,
but you've also seen guys that really lit up the KHL come over
and not do that well.
So I know that Kovachuk, he isn't the same player that he was.
34.
Yeah, he's 34 years old.
He's also, in the KHL.
You don't need to train and do the shit that you have to do to be so good in the NHL.
I don't think he probably doesn't really work out.
He's definitely heavier now.
He still has that skill and that rock at once.
Definitely smokes butts now.
Definitely rips butts.
But he still can shoot the puck and he can still have moments where he's just a game breaker.
But can he do it for like 19, 20 minutes a night
in a league that's way harder to play in than the KHL?
I don't know.
So if he does get back, it'll be interesting to see how he does,
but I wouldn't expect that old 50-goal Kovalchuk guy
pointing fingers at Talbot when he came out of the box
when I was on Pittsburgh, embarrassing him,
and then Tarion screaming at all of us for it.
So you'd think he did it to Crosby, actually,
and then Talbot was the only one who did anything to him.
That's what it was.
I was just laughing.
Yeah, the article I read basically said he's either going to go to Florida
or the range, New York.
Well, it didn't say the range.
I'm assuming that's what it was.
I'm with you on that.
Yeah, I think he's going to Florida.
Basically, the Devils hold all the leverage.
I mean, they don't have to do anything.
I mean, this guy, he essentially walked out on his contract with them.
But he can wait another year.
He can.
He can wait another year.
He's restricted.
Of course, he's going to be another year older.
I mean, he's a guy who, if I'm a GM, you know, I mean, what's he got left?
He's probably got some skill.
He's 30, but he is 34.
I wouldn't give up a shitload for him if I'm a GM.
No, I mean, it just depends.
That's the thing.
Radulov was really good this year.
And then they're similar in the KHL.
I thought Radulov was a little better.
But, yeah, what are you willing to give up for him?
How bad do you want him?
And the guy that Vegas signed, that Shipashov, I don't remember how to say his name, to be honest.
But he's really good.
He was good in the KHL.
Can he bring it to the NHL level, too?
Every guy's a question mark when they come over from there.
Because some can be amazing, like Panarin and Radulov, and some can be shit.
Yeah, well, we know.
I mean, we've seen what Kovalchuk could do in the NHL, but the league has changed.
Yep, league's changed, and he's older.
It's a matter of whether he can keep up.
Also, the other thing, he wants to go to a contender.
And heavier.
So I don't know.
I mean, I know his buddies at Vegas. I don't think that's where he's going to want to keep up. Also, the other thing, he wants to go to a contender. So I don't know. I mean, I know his buddies at Vegas.
I don't think that's where he's going to want to end up.
But, again, it all depends on what the Devils do.
They hold all the cards.
If it's not worth them to do it, they're not forced to do it.
They don't owe him anything.
He's the one who screwed on them.
Next question, Grinnells.
All right, Mike from Woburn asks,
how hot will Montreal burn if P.K. Subban wins a cup for Nashville?
Not hot enough for me. All right, Hamilton. Oh, the takes will Montreal burn if P.K. Subban wins a cup for Nashville? Not hot enough for me.
Oh, the takes
will be incredible.
He's probably going to bring the cup to Montreal
if he wins. Probably. Definitely that.
He's going to have a parade
down the road.
I think most Montreal fans
still love him. Absolutely.
They'll be happy for him.
You know what that'll do?
That'll just make life miserable for Shea Weber there.
He'll end up taking the heat of like, oh, well, we got you,
and Subban goes on to win the cup, and you didn't, you know.
It's just like painfully, painful takes by people who just because they love a player
think that no matter what it was a stupid trade or a ridiculous trade,
which I think it was.
But the fact that if Subban wins
it, the way he'll bring it back will just be
entertaining for all of us.
It was an unnecessary trade
for Montreal.
They wanted a side
with anyone but PK.
They kept Terry and they kept
Max Pacioretty. They got rid of him
and it would make my
spring,
not only because Nashville is another team I got money on,
but to have the Canadians lose
and have PK to bring the cup back to Montreal,
that would make my June.
That would be actually fabulous.
I don't know about y'all.
There'd be some good social media from PK when that happened.
Oh, I'd definitely be rubbing it in their face.
Because the bottom line is,
he didn't do anything to get traded.
There's not like one thing you can point to and say, well, they traded him because he
did this or that.
They traded him because, you know, they didn't want his tomfoolery anymore.
And they got rid of him.
They didn't like his personality.
I really think that was a big part of it.
Yeah, it was too big for the room.
They had guys like Mike Milbury in the operations that think he's a clown, you know, because
he's doing a little dance and warm-up.
Yeah, I forgot
about that, the dancing that
Milbury was upset about. Well, they're
on to the third round, so they're going to keep dancing.
Old, crusty fucks
are still going to be bitter about it. Dance their way to the
cup. Just got to get that
fiddle going to fit in in Nashville.
Yeah, exactly. All right, Grinnells, what do we got?
Scott Gell asks the final question,
which is who does a better goalie challenge,
Ryan Whitney or Armdog?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, man.
Oh, on Portnoy?
Yeah, as in...
I don't know.
You'd be shooting from here to New York anyway, right?
Yeah, we've talked about the length of the shot.
The one time I showed up to the office,
Dave conveniently wasn't there.
Makes sense. Army can snipe? Oh, I don't know. We both have to get down there in the shot. The one time I showed up to the office, Dave conveniently wasn't there. Makes sense.
Army can snipe, though. I don't know.
We both have to get down there in the fall
when maybe Dave will be there.
Does he get a good slap shot on Army?
Army can rip it.
When he played with Crosby,
Sid's rookie year, I think
Army had like 44 points in 48
games. Something like that. He was right under point per game
playing with Sid.
Crosby just 48 games, something. He was like right under a point per game playing with Sid. So Sid can make people, but he also  yeah, Crosby just
he plays with people that like you wouldn't even know about.
I mean, he makes people so much money.
It's unbelievable.
It's crazy.
Like Pittsburgh wingers are like Patriots wide receivers.
Like you can put them with Brady and he'll make you get it done.
Same with like playing with Crosby.
You just go out there with him and you're going to do good.
He'll make you good.
When Army got traded in the HOSA trade, basically a throw-in with HOSA was Pascal Dupuis.
Right.
Who went on to win a cup and play a couple great seasons always as Sid's winger.
And he was a throw-in in the trade.
It's like you put him next to Sid, a guy who maybe might get 10 goals and another line can get 25.
Like that Cooney guy.
What'd they get for him anyways?
I was thinking about that.
I was actually watching him in game seven.
He made like a nice rush
and I'm on the couch.
My neck hurts.
I'm like,
the fact that I was traded for that guy,
I feel like I haven't played a hockey game,
let alone in the AHL in about seven years
and he's still flying around game seven, and I hurt
my neck swinging a 52
degree wedge. This is like, what a trade
for the Penguins. Maybe the best
trade in the history of the organization.
One of them. He's been like a 10
year force for the Penguins, and I'm
sitting in R.A.'s living room right
now, recording spitting chicklets.
You're still getting paid, though,
aren't you? Yeah, I still got paid though aren't you yeah i still got
paid exactly exactly yeah he's still cashing them checks all right so it all comes back to him so
um so all right so that's it for all right hamilton so the playoffs round three starts
tonight conference finals starting up tonight um western conference starting first uh nashville
anaheim and then then tomorrow Pittsburgh, Ottawa. Great
time of year.
We're going to have a game
basically every night. They actually did the schedule good.
They alternate east-west. There's no
two-day layoffs, which I know teams
appreciate it. So basically, we're going to have a game
every night for the next
whatever, two weeks until
we get to the finals. It's crazy. It's coming
down. I mean, the top four.
Who would have had the top four, including Ottawa and Nashville?
Before the season, that was not.
Maybe Nashville, some people said, but Ottawa, no one picked down.
This final four, and one of my esteemed followers said,
it's politicians and birds.
We got ducks and penguins and senators and predators,'s politicians and birds. We got ducks and penguins and senators and predators.
So politicians and birds.
Oh, because he's saying politicians are predators.
They are.
Oh, okay.
In many ways.
All politicians.
Play on words.
Corrupt assholes.
I know a couple of them.
And that was talking politics.
All right.
I think that actually any other things.
Oh, I forgot to pimp this last week.
We did put a Spotify playlist together for us.
I call it the Spittin' Chicklets soundtrack.
All the tunes from our show.
I did tweet it out on the Chicklets account.
All put together by me.
All the songs are picked by me.
What a veteran, dude.
Yeah.
What a veteran.
All right.
So I don't know the music.
I don't know.
Do you pick every song?
Oh, yeah.
Actually, there was one.
It's funny because someone asked how many songs.
Are they all songs from the 70s and 80s?
In the 60s.
They are?
I don't know the majority.
Someone asked me.
I just guessed that.
Someone said, how many of the songs actually came out before Grinnelly was born?
Not like you listen to the podcast.
I've never listened to one.
I love it.
I can't listen to my own voice.
There's one song that
came out since Grinnelli was born, and
coincidentally, that was the only song that Grinnelli
added to the thing. When you
did the Patriots opening
thing, he did that whole thing, so he put
Chippin' Up to Boston for the music, so I added
that thing. But yeah, I'm the musical director
and the co-host of those. So do
the younger people, are you getting good
feedback from them? Exactly.
I'm assuming 20-year-olds are like, what is this fucking song?
No, that's what's funny.
That's partially why we did the Spotify playlist,
because every week people ask me, what song is this?
Because I think what we've done is turned on a younger generation to music
that either never knew or haven't heard, because it's younger guys.
It's always younger guys asking, well, gals, what song is this?
So each week I would tweet out what songs we did.
And I know, well, seeing as you don't listen,
you wouldn't have picked up on this,
is that each week it's a theme.
The music ties into the episode.
Like, for example, last week we opened up,
we had Biz who was hurting, who was wounded.
So we opened up, It Hurts So Good, John Cougar, Mellencamp.
And the final song. Okay, okay.
So like because the word hurt was in both.
Biz was hurt, but he's saying Hurt So Good.
Well, Hurt So Good because he was playing Hurt.
And then the final song, which I think I might have got inadvertently caught on one version,
was King of Pain by the police, you know, because he was hurting.
So if you go back and listen to each episode, like when we had Liam McHugh on, he's a Long Island guy.
So we played a song by Billy Joel.
Wow.
Wow.
This is big time.
Grinnelli, have you heard songs that you were like, oh, actually, I like this, that you had never heard before?
A ton.
A ton of them.
Like a ton of them.
What was it last week?
You were in your basement and you were like, oh, no, we were up here.
And you're like, oh, Grinnelli, you're liking this song.
I caught myself tapping my foot.
Yeah.
Don't do that before a game, Milbury says.
Don't have too much fun.
Yeah, so the music ties into the theme of that show each week.
I don't know.
The first couple, I don't know if I did that,
but I picked up probably three or four episodes into the music.
Impressive.
All right, I'm going to tie these in.
So, yeah, no, honestly, all joking aside,
we've gotten great feedback on the music.
I like, you know, obviously I'm an old school music guy.
It's fun to expose some old artists to people, and they've really been receptive to it. Perfect. Maybe you should start listening to the music. I like, you know, obviously I'm an old school music guy. It's fun to expose some old artists to people,
and they've really been receptive to it.
Perfect.
Maybe you should start listening to the show.
Maybe I'll give this show a listen.
All right.
Well, that wraps up.
I'll listen to number 50.
I'll listen to our 50th episode.
Golden anniversary.
Well, that'll wrap up episode 30.
Big 3-0 under the Barstool banner,
not including the few we did before then.
So great episode.
Enjoy the playoffs. Again, I got including the few we did before then. So great episode. Enjoy the playoffs.
Again, I got
They know.
They know.
You got Nashville and you got Ottawa.
Nashville in six.
No, I'm reading them all off.
You got Pittsburgh in six, Nashville in seven.
Grinnelli's got Pittsburgh in five, Nashville in seven.
That's it for this episode.
Enjoy the playoffs.
Enjoy the conference semis.
And we'll see you next week.
So, whoop.
Well, it was nearly summer.
Hi, I'm Jeremy Parrish from the RetroNuts podcast,
a show about classic video games.
We're exploring gaming's history every week.
We talk about classic video games
and how the medium's past feeds into the industry and culture of today.
Want to know more about the people who made Destiny?
What's the story behind Mario?
And yes, we even explain why they call it Final Fantasy when there's 15 of the things.
From arcade classics to the latest retro releases, Retronauts covers it all.
Subscribe to us on iTunes or right here on the Podcast One network.
Listening to Retronauts won't help you build your gamer score, but you'll rock at bar trivia.
