Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 300 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney, from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka,
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Nice round number with 300.
By the way, that's 300 with Barstool.
That doesn't include what me and Whit did on SoundCloud before,
and it doesn't include all the shows we've done with Biz. So that's why we weren't really leaning toward doing a big 300 show but we'll do a big exclamatory show some point later let's say hi to the boys first producer
mikey granelli what's up guy oh what's going on guys i was just thinking to myself that i'm
probably banned by the tampa bay lightning from contacting any of their players for the past week
and a half i've been texting and dming and just hounding these guys to come on the podcast so
if we don't have any other more Tampa Bay Lightning players after this it's probably my fault but
I did the best I could for this one restraining order time well we'll say it right now you did
a fantastic job because we do have two members of the recent Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay
Lightning joining us a little later Alex Colon and Pat maroon we'll get to them later but let's continue saying
hi to the boys the wit dog orion whitney what's going on my man three and oh today three huge
bets in the nfl and i got the eagles right now who are out to a lead i am back i was so cold i
was so bad at hockey and then i'm just winning in the NFL. It's opposite world
right now. I don't know what's going on, but it's
been a great day. I haven't felt
maybe as good as I'd hoped, but still
I'm grinding through it, winning, gambling,
and doing the show with you guys, so it's great to chat.
And it was a pleasure talking
to Kaloran and Paddy Maroon. Both guys have been on
Chicklets before, so it was good to catch up
and really get to have them
break down how they got it done and how they get to just enjoy this last six days of celebration
because they've been getting after it.
No doubt.
It was fun stuff to talk to them.
We can't wait to bring it to you in a little bit.
Of course, last but not least, Paul,
biz nasty, biz net, biz likes that.
The Warthog.
You kind of had that Warthog tone to it jesus first of all great intro
for episode 300 with barstool you know you get a little extra pep in your step plus one assist in
the first shift uh now wit i i gotta ask you and you're not feeling great you think you got for me
buddy do you think maybe it happened at the zoo was it maybe the depression of the animals wearing
you down and how was that experience Did it all go as planned?
Let's talk about your zoo experience.
It was great.
You didn't see any of the animals.
They must have really fucked them over and taken them down the street to like a little like field or something because they were gone.
Maybe they were put away.
They had to go inside because it was just a light show.
Music playing at the huge animals like lit up panda bears and enormous crocodiles
and as the sun set my son loved it bombing around with music playing and seeing all his favorite
animals lit up this light boston lights it was called it's at the franklin park zoo and we had
a night for ourselves i had to do a swipe up there i had to do a swipe up there. I had to do a swipe up there for Peter Millar.
And there was a dragon.
There was a 50-foot-long dragon in this light show.
So he's right behind me.
And I had to do it like seven times.
This one guy walked by me.
He's like, you should put your mask on.
I was like, I'm doing a swipe up for Peter Millar, buddy.
Mind your business.
This is what pays for the masks that I have to buy now with covid so shut up but it was
a great night big uh you big cornfield uh maze guy wit no but i've always the strength of getting
to walk into that outfield of a field of dreams that fucking movie catch with his dad at the end
it's just walking into that i'd be down with. I don't know what that question had to do with anything, though.
Oh, no, I was just wondering.
And then I was going to ask R.A.
I mean, part of earlier my weekend was spent following you on social media.
How's your trip been?
You've been eating every single thing from the sea possible.
Oh, I'm totally  I've tweeted about it.
I'm totally like Homer Simpson at the Frank Dutchman
when he gets sued for eating everything.
It was an all-you-can-eat Dutchman when he gets sued for eating everything. It was an all you can eat buffet and they,
and they sue him for eating everything.
They said,
do these sound like the actions of a man who had,
uh,
he could eat well so far oysters,
lobster rolls,
squid,
cherry stones,
oysters,
again,
shrimp,
cocktails,
swordfish,
clam chowder,
oysters,
shrimp cocktail,
lobster roll.
I'm just sucking it all in.
I know I live in Boston.
There's seafood there all the time.
And this is my first time in Provincetown, but it's such a fantastic place.
I'm having a blast.
There are so many seafood places.
Everything's super fresh.
I love it here, man.
I cannot believe it took me this long to actually get here for the first time in my life.
So you're going to be on the IR in a couple weeks with gout.
Great.
Good to hear.
Well, as long as I stay at the red wine, I should be good.
Solo trip to Provincetown.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm a big solo vacation guy.
I love it. He said, I go busy. You read,
you read just reading books and chilling. He's like, yeah,
I started this one. I fell asleep.
What was that book called? Cause I want to check that out.
Actually right here. I'm going to, I'm going to have no free ads, but a free ad it's called made men uh the author's name is glenn kenney it
literally just came out like a week or two ago uh it's the story of goodfellas not the actual
true life story it's the story of making the movie so there's a lot of like film stuff about
squisazi dinero it's not the gangster story it's the making of the actual movie. So yeah,
I cracked the egg on it the other night, but I'm going to finish as much as I can while I'm down
here because Goodfellas is one of the best movies ever, no doubt. Love it. Love it. All right,
let's shift over to the old NHL. Of course, the season's over. We'll be moving on to the next
season. Who knows when, but we'll get there. And apparently some of the Tampa celebrations
pissed off some of the NHL
people. Per our friend, Darren Drager,
the NHL reached out to Tampa Bay to quote question some of that behavior.
He didn't get into the specifics, but I know they were, you know,
doling out sips to people who are standing there hanging out. But listen,
man, I don't know how you can blame the players.
If there's a governor or mayor or whoever in charge telling people they can do this shit,
don't yell at the fucking players.
Yell at the fucking idiots in charge who are letting them have these occasions to get together, no?
I'll let Whit take this one.
I wouldn't even call them idiots.
I wouldn't even call them idiots at all.
I'd love to go down to Florida and live my life right now a little bit more normal.
I don't understand how these guys have caught any shit.
It's like, what did you expect them to do?
Go to a state that's actually open and not do anything?
They had a boat parade.
They didn't even have a legit parade.
The guys were at the football game today.
I don't think they've done anything that is that ridiculous.
I mean, anything that whoever won the cup wouldn't do themselves.
I mean, what are you going to do?
Hey, guys, sorry, I'm not coming to the boat parade
because I don't feel it's responsible right now in COVID.
So you guys have fun.
Send me some Snapchats.
Yeah.
I think people are just, you know, oversensitive to everything
given what's going on.
And, fuck, I don't know.
They adjusted.
They made some, you know, they did the boat parade, as you mentioned. And, fuck, I don't know. They adjusted. They made some, you know, they did the boat parade, as you mentioned.
And, fuck, I don't know, man.
When you win a cup like that, you get a little crazy.
I mean, that was kind of expected.
Yeah.
And like we mentioned last show, it is Florida.
They haven't exactly been huge about distancing or masks or whatever.
So, again, when people are taking their cues from those in power,
you know, that's what you're going to get.
So I'm certainly not going to sit here and shit on the Tampa Bay Lightning because of the behavior of the state and things that have already been going on.
So a couple other notes.
Steve Stamkos, he, of course, had sports hernia surgery back before the break.
But apparently during his rehab, that triggered another injury.
That's why, you know, he was only able to play one game.
Huge impact. But another note we wanted to go over. rehab that triggered another injury that's why you know he was only able to play one game huge
impact but uh another note we wanted to go over another one i sent into the uh outline you guys
gary bevin he took a little bit of shot at espn for this story about life in the bubble that we
discussed a couple weeks ago uh greg wischinski emily caplan i thought they did a great job on
the piece it wasn't a hit piece by any stretch they were able to get some guys to talk to them
you know about what life in the bubble was like. And Bettman said, quote, I saw that story
citing nine anonymous sources doesn't exactly get my attention. I don't know how many would,
but nine's a lot. Anyways, it's unfortunate that somebody, meaning a journalist, so-called,
would find that inappropriate story to tell. If you've got criticisms, put their names on it.
find that inappropriate story to tell if you've got criticisms put their names on it um you know i i agree with him i really do okay because because in a sense like if you got one source
okay you know but if you had that many people nobody can come out come open and say like
if you're telling me a player is that uncomfortable and like really kind of
putting his name out there for like shitting on what they had i mean it's not like he doesn't appreciate what they the effort that's been put through to
get it done but you're also being realistic into how it how it can be so betman's looking at it
and thinking like all right well if it's that horrible you think one guy would maybe at least
agree all right well you could say i said this yeah i i understand where you're coming from but
i mean at the same time these
guys don't necessarily want to put their name to something that could come by back to bite them in
the ass not necessarily from Bettman but necessarily from Bettman but maybe a GM or something I mean
I get what you're saying is you're saying that could potentially be used as artillery against
them and they're looking out for their own necks and you know there is a slimy side of the business
about it on the flip side of it as far as like gary's concern him in the end he's probably backing up the league saying guys like
we get this but we fucking pulled this off in the middle of a pandemic and and what you want to focus
is the negative like yeah that's i think that's where it's like i'm not like dude i like we we
essentially run a business behind the thing and there's a lot of things that have to take place
in order to make the engine run that people who have never
been remotely in a room where they have to make difficult decisions like that.
And they're just harping off like, Oh, like, you know,
like let's focus on the negative where it's like, yeah,
it's good for a story.
But all these people are who are putting the time and energy in are like,
Jesus Christ, man. Like what the fuck do you want from us?
We're not seeing our families.
We're behind the scenes trying to make everybody happy we get that it's not an ideal situation but we're
trying to deliver the cup and at the end of the day if you didn't want to be here tuka rask left
i mean he didn't want to be there fucking like you know and and now where the flip side of that
is people are going to be like well look how much fucking shit he took for leaving well he ain't
he wouldn't get it for me i don't give a fuck what you do with your life do what you what makes you happy and in his case it was family
oriented so he wasn't by the way he wasn't getting it from his teammates either he right the the
point is i i will say i'm kind of both sides talking both sides of my mouth because i did
that that article was good and it was interesting to see you know what guys thought but i totally
see where betman's like are you kidding me me? Like one, there's all, all these anonymous sources.
And as biz said, it's, it's, can we just,
can we just kind of appreciate that it got done now?
Obviously you can't control the news narrative,
but I totally could see him being pissed off at reading that article or at
least upset by it.
Was I surprised you took the shot back? Yeah. And you know,
it was a shot and I like wishing Emily, I, you took the shot back? Yeah. And, you know, it was a shot.
And I like Wish and Emily.
You know, I would have never been on either side of it, you know.
I would have never complained or not complained.
I would have never written an article because we asked guys in here,
yeah, yeah, it was difficult.
And they kind of give their open opinion.
I think they did that to a certain extent,
but just via mainstream media, right?
Yeah, I mean, we've done the same thing here i mean to some we interview guys though but when you're interviewing
someone you're like hey listen your name's never going to be out there like you can't tell me that
guys get a little bit more in depth maybe a little salt and pepperish you know what i'm saying when
you know your name's not out there it's like it's not at all like coming on and doing an interview
with us or any podcast where people are listening to it come out of your mouth yeah and and maybe we also haven't given a thought
maybe they just wanted to highlight wasn't so what wasn't so glamorous about it and maybe we're
sounding hypocritical and the fact that we've asked those same questions i just yeah like i
think everyone's aware that it was going to be very difficult on guys and it wasn't an ideal
scenario but at the end of the day it all got pulled off and it sucked.
It's like, we got it done.
Now, here's the thing.
I didn't say this, but if it comes down to, okay, well,
you don't want to do it or you don't get paid,
then you start talking, oh, all right.
You know, like if you need to  guys want to make their money.
Guys need to make their money.
They plan on the salaries they've signed for.
And so you're going to wonder how it goes down,
but if you could get any player's opinion right now, they'd want nothing to do with bubble, hybrid bubble, any sort of bubble.
Yeah, and I didn't think the piece was particularly negative at all.
And I understand, seriously, why Emily and Greg were pissed
because, you know, Bettman says it's unfortunate that somebody,
meaning a journalist, so-called  I mean, he's calling him
so-called journalist for what I thought was
It was a shot.
It was a shot.
Your pitch is shot.
You went after us, so fuck you.
Yeah, but I don't think M and Wish were going after him.
I thought it was a very interesting story that people wanted to read.
I'd like for the commissioner to shit on them and call them so-called journalists.
All right, if you're the commissioner, if you're telling me if you ran all that,
which Bettman, he was the man behind it, and you read that article,
I don't know how you tell me you wouldn't be like, fuck that's that's the thing that we're taking into consideration is the fact that how much time
and effort actually went into executing this and it's like like it he he's maybe in the in the grand
scheme of things he's being over sensitive to it but it's like given with what the work they did
and it was a lot of decision making and that gets exhausting and they pulled it off.
That's why he took a shot back. Cause he felt that they did. Yeah.
I think we're being pretty fair about this. Like we've yeah. Anyway.
Yeah. No, I, and I think we've been great about praising the league,
the players, everybody who's made this happen. You know,
I just thought it just seemed a little personal to go at those two,
but anyways, moving right along next couple of things up on the calendar, obviously, the draft and free agency.
The first round of the draft is on Tuesday night.
It will be on NBCSN down here in the States.
Rounds two through seven start Wednesday at 1130 a.m. on the NHL Network.
Of course, Alexi Lafreniere is expected to be the number one overall pick.
He'll be a shock if he doesn't.
And then after that, Kings, Ottawa, Detroit, Ottawa, Anaheim, New Jersey,
Buffalo, Minnesota, Winnipeg, round up the top 10.
Again, free agency opens Friday.
Expected to be tons of movement.
There could be a lot of RFAs that don't get tended,
do become unrestricted free agents.
There's going to be a shitload of stuff going on this huh yes there's it's it's the job of an nhl gm never stops and
given this flat cap situation it is going to be a very very bumpy ride and then throw in an expansion
draft in the mix these guys are right now currently having to be worried about two and three steps
ahead and it is the hunger games out
there right now so um as far as dubnik right now i believe i believe does he does he have a no trade
class or no trade clause excuse me uh i can pull it up as we're talking i had his notes a little
further down you're seeing rumors about uh san jose for him i believe correct yeah and they've
been dealing with uh uh jones What's his first name again?
Martin Jones. Martin Jones.
Tough season.
And it's been a long enough sample
size to be like, okay, this guy might not
have the juice that he once had.
In a two-goalie league at this
point, you got to have at least a 1A
and 1B, and maybe he'll accept
that role as being the
number two guy.
Jari just got a nice deal with hold on before we get into Jari and the
goaltending stuff.
Cause we just breezed over when the draft time's going on.
I wanted to shout out, you know, draft weekend.
It's very special.
And most of the time your first round pick dream comes true.
You go to the draft, you're up on stage.
It's different this year.
Everything's over, over the internet, over zoom,
which everyone really understands why, but gotta think these players it's such a crazy
exciting time for them you're so nervous you don't know where you're going unless you're number one
pretty much and i also wanted to just say kind of not only good luck to these guys but we gotta we
gotta pump the tires of um i think it's like i don't know the exact name of what's going on,
but Mannheim, Germany, like they're producing talent, talent, talent.
They got Dreitzadler in the league now.
They got this kid that I think is going second overall this year, Stutzel.
I was reading about, and then also Marit Seder, who Detroit picked high,
the defenseman last year.
So pretty cool that Germany is really reaching that next level
and producing world-class talent.
It's exciting for that because everyone just knows about Lefrenier,
but there's some great players that will be picked after him this weekend.
So I think it's just a great time.
I'll never forget the draft and my experience.
And the guys will have a little different way about it this year,
but they'll still forever remember when they get the call
and when they actually hear their name picked.
So good luck to all those guys that are looking to get drafted.
And who gives a shit where you go because the hard work starts after.
So that's my little pump-up speech for everyone.
It doesn't matter.
I heard Dubnick towards the last thing you said,
so I thought you were talking about some of the goaltending situation,
all these crazy trades.
If you, in fact, mentioned the draft, my apologies.
And going on to the draft subject is, I guess,
Stevie Y is up to his antics again.
They said they were doing these Zoom calls,
but he would remain dark.
He wouldn't show his face.
So I think everybody else was asking the questions,
and he was just there to listen.
He was doing yoga, he said, half the time.
Yeah, well, I think that might have been.
Bought a fart.
He was hiding his fart, so he needed that mute button going.
Maybe he was ripping the bong because it was a Zoom call.
And he's like, no.
Well, listen, boys, judging by some of these celebrations we've seen,
these guys are definitely going to want to keep an eye on their whoops
for the proper recovery down in Tampa
because whoop is a fitness tracker that provides personalized insights on your sleep,
your body's recovery, and the exertion put on your body throughout the day
from both your workouts and just the normal stressors of life.
Whoop is won by some of your favorite athletes in the NHL, but it's not meant for just professional athletes.
Whoop can help anyone improve their performance by providing personalized,
actionable data to help you make spotted decisions.
I'll tell you, Biz, I know I've been down here.
I'm on what we call a soft vacation in the industry,
but I've been banging out four to five miles a day walking.
I mean, eating as much as I do.
You got to walk some of that stuff off.
But thanks to my Whoop, it's telling me how much walking I've done,
how many miles.
I did five miles the other day.
I would have never known that would help my Whoop. So whether you're looking to sleep a little
bit better, training for an event, looking to lose a couple pounds, whoop can help you reach
your goals of a healthier life. And right now, whoop is offering 15 off when you use the code
CHICKLETS at checkout. So go to whoop.com, that's W-H-O-O-P.com, enter the code CHICKLETS to save 15
and unlock your potential today with Whoop.
Might not look like me, Biz,
but you might look like you if you get enough fitness in.
Well, I was going to say,
do you think that the seafood has helped with recovery rates?
I think so.
The thing is, I don't eat seafood fried.
I know a lot of people love fish and chips and fried calamari.
Seafood is ideally, it's a healthy food.
And if you prepare it correctly, you're going to get the health benefits of it.
As tasty as fish and chips can be, I don't fry my fish.
Once I had grilled calamari for the first time, I stopped ordering fried calamari.
Seafood, if you prepare it great, it's great for you, great for your heart, healthy stuff.
So by all means, eat that fish.
Oh, the other thing about whoop quick.
When you see how many times you wake up, it is nuts.
Like you think you slept great.
You wake up 15 times.
You might remember three of them.
So it's kind of nuts.
I don't know how I go about fixing that.
Maybe I need a new pillow or a new bed.
So it's kind of nuts that I don't know how I go about fixing that.
Maybe I need a new pillow or a new bed or, you know, it'd be nice, you know, it'd be nice to like naturally fall asleep as opposed to like
taking an ambient or being hung over too.
It's always probably maybe, uh,
maybe one of those apps where it's like the comment,
the waves of the ocean hitting the meditation, maybe some meditation.
I've been into the med I've been into the meditation before.
Different times in life, for sure get into it.
I think I'm actually due for like a little 10 minute, 15 minute a day meditation.
That's probably what my brain needs.
You're going to come back from the month of November that we have off,
and you're going to be like into the yogi berries,
and you're going to be like a yogan.
I'll be into the yogi berries.
Crunch berries.
If I'm into any berries. Hey hey i'll tell you man that night i don't know if you guys have the night sky app but did you see mars in the sky saturday night no no i mean if you look at mars all right you
were on shrooms in provincetown you couldn't see mars i wish i wish i had some no there was like
a lot of times when you see a bright,
glaring light in the sky, a lot of times it's a planet.
And last night, I mean, I know you guys must have seen it
because we're all on Earth together.
Plain as day, a big, like, sort of brownish, reddish thing,
and it was Mars.
If you go to the night sky app, it tells you all these planets.
It was pretty good shit, man.
How many people did you ask to confirm that if it was Mars?
None. I went right to the top. It was pretty good shit, man. How many people did you ask to confirm that if it was Mars? None.
I went right to the top.
It said right here.
Wait, are you going to challenge this guy on the fact that he thought he could
point out Mars out of the sky?
No, I think he's 100 sure it was Mars now.
He wouldn't be talking about this unless it was definitely Mars.
I mean, let's not forget my 10-year-old autobiography.
I said I wanted to be a Playboy photographer and astronomer.
Or what was the other one?
Playboy photographers or movie director.
Hey, anyways, we mentioned celebrations,
and I'm not sure anybody's celebrating more than Tampa right now.
We did say we're going to bring a couple of the champions on,
and we were lucky enough to get Alex Colon, Harvard-educated,
Stanley Cup winner.
So I think we should bring him on right about now, eh, boys?
Well, from the halls of Harvard to the canals of Tampa,
this guy has been on quite the ride lately,
and now he can go by Stanley Cup champion.
Congratulations, and welcome back to Spittin' Chicklets, Alex Colon.
Thanks for having me, guys.
How's it going?
How's it going, brother?
We know you're not sober right now, but how are you feeling after that bucket no it's been fun man like uh it's been it's been a long week
for sure today was great we got to go the bucks took care of us they brought us to the game
um you know we didn't get to bring the cup on the field or anything because of covid but uh
it was fun we got i got to meet giselle quickly in the suite. It was a good day,
but it's been a great week leading up to, you know,
all the events and stuff a little different because of COVID,
but I've had so much fun. Yeah.
Take us through, you know, you guys get it done game, game six,
it all goes down. And then what was kind of the celebration?
Like how long were you in the locker room? When did fly home what was the whole night like after so i don't remember the
exact timeline when we won it must have been like because the game's at six right so i think it
probably finished at nine nine twenty we probably left the rock locker room at 12 31
um yeah i mean you could the scene in there it was probably a little different because
not everyone's family was there my dad was there it was awesome for him to be there but um at a
certain point guys were like all right we gotta we gotta kind of get out of here and we had a big
room at the hotel where we just kind of you know enjoyed it. And we had an early flight out.
So not much sleep, but, like, guys were fired up, too.
That's why a couple of us were a little tired on the plane.
Oh, you think?
Yeah.
I was like, I wonder if guys are just going to wait up until the plane ride and then shut her down.
I saw Hedman with the Conn Smythe snoozing.
We were  I remember at one point we were sleeping
and Pat Maroon just got so angry at, like, two guys. And we're like, at one point we were sleeping and pat maroon was just got so
angry at like two guys and we're like all right we gotta we gotta start drinking pat pat wants us
to drink we're gonna drink oh geez well that's one of the questions i was gonna ask you do you
think it was a like given the families weren't there and and i know that you guys want them
there given like they've been with you the whole time but was it a little more special at the fact
that you guys were actually able
to enjoy the moment, basically just the nucleus of the team
and the people who were tugging on the rope to get the job done?
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know how it would have been the other way.
I think that's probably a good question for Pat Maroon.
But it wasn't even so much like that night.
It's been this whole week.
Like we haven't been going to bars with the cup we haven't really been
doing that we've just been done private parties with the team with the guys that have been in the
bubble obviously we go to the bucks game i went golfing one day and stuff like that but
every night we've just gotten that group together um it makes it special because you know the
players sacrifice a lot but thinking about the trainer, there were 54 of us in the bubble altogether.
So you think about those, like guys have families and stuff.
For them to be a part of it, it was great.
Well, you talk about the bubble and how much of kind of a grind it was,
at least from the guys we've chatted with.
But I'm wondering, at the end of all of it,
was there ever even kind of a moment when somebody spoke
or just the celebration's so big
it was never really like somebody stood up and said anything
once the game actually ended?
I don't think so.
I just  no.
I just  no, I don't think anyone  there was no time for anyone to get
I mean, the  we had a nice moment.
Right when we brought the cup in, our owner, Jeff Finnick, couldn't be there, which was
tough for him because, you know, he'd put in so much into this team, but we got him on a FaceTime
on like the speakerphone, and that was probably the only speech. After that, it was just,
you know, beer dumping on guys. Yeah, executionary style, but yeah.
Alex, we've all seen Doc Talk. we know you're pretty smooth on a jet
ski but i gotta ask nobody try to make sure you got a life jacket on that stanley cup before you
went for a ride there well did you see there's one picture i posted where i have a life jacket
on actually because i remember i told stammer stammer had the cup and i'm like hey at some
point during this parade i don't know how i'm do it. I'm getting on a jet ski.
So just be ready for me. Cause I'm coming to steal the cup.
And he's like, yeah, that's fine. So I ended up getting on a jet ski.
And there was like a couple of police officers that gave me like the side
look. And they're like, the one of them just like,
just put on a white jacket. All right. I'm like, all right, buddy.
See you later. And then when I got the cup,
there was kind of areas in the parade
where there were more people um like in front of the waterfront and i remember when i got it and
just lifted in front of uh all those people on my jet ski it was like probably the best feeling
in my life to be honest it was it was really special um yeah i was gonna ask you that what
does this do for doc talk now and the fact that you met
giselle today i would put a million bucks on the fact you try to weasel your way in there for a
long time was that were the words i remember meeting her so like there was a couple people we
we uh we took pictures with today we had to stay in our suite but there was a couple excursions and
we met like the bucks owner and there was a couple people that wanted to take a picture with it and then someone came up to stammering like hey
giselle and like her boy and the daughter want to see the cup if that's fine and i think he asked
headman and headman's like no i'm good and i'm like oh you're not going okay i'll go and then
kucherov heard it and i've never seen kuch get up so quick for anything he's like he ran and uh at first we
were kind of worried because she didn't she wanted her kids to be in the picture she didn't want to
be involved she's like the kids love the cup um and then bass is like hey like we gotta we gotta
get her one you're like you're like one for one we're doing one for one here it's the trade-off
like this is more important for us to get the picture with you but um she was so nice you know some people just have like an aura when they walk in a room
and she she had it it was like she she was super nice and um i didn't get a chance to throw in the
dog talk i was i i don't know if it was the right time but i probably should have she probably would
just laughed i mean agreed with whatever i said but yeah sure yeah check in with us in a couple weeks thanks unbelievable well hey so game four um i thought you were gonna get the
winner but they tied up late and shatty gets it done right but then you go to game five looking
to close out just a heartbreaker in double ot but take me in the locker room after i'm assuming no
down faces just all right boys let's get it done in game six. How'd that go?
You know,
it was very similar to when you look back at our series against the
Islanders, I think they, they ended up winning game five in overtime.
And I thought that was a game we played pretty well.
And they ended up shatty,
like broke his stick and they come down on a two on one or whatever.
And I remember someone said like, Hey,
this is just like the Islander series guys. We're going to be all right.
But even, you know, there's,
you're a little worried because now Dallas might pick up a little steam,
a little bit of momentum from that overtime win.
But then I remember when we started to play the game and even guys in the
locker room were watching, they're like like the boys are dialed in like
defensively we were pretty good so um but yeah we all everyone stepped it up for that game game six
that four checking display in the first two periods like just talk about the additions like
the coleman's the the goudreau's those guys coming in and you know i thought i think people at the
time thought wow that's a pretty heavy price to pay. But those guys were fucking big.
They were unbelievable.
I think when you think about that line, it was Coleman, Goudreau, and Gord.
And in the Columbus series, they were huge for us.
But those are guys like Gordo would forecheck for three minutes straight if he could.
Like he would go through the glass to the front row if he could.
That's just the way he plays.
Like, he's an energizer bunny.
But, you know, those guys were so big for us.
Those additions were so big.
And I forget who said, like, you know,
I think we're the best forechecking team at retrieving pucks.
And that's probably not something that people think of
when they think of the Lightning.
But, yeah, that's a huge part of why we won.
Like you said, that first period was
was great and and like i think that you know you talk about everyone knows about headman and
kucherov point but i don't know you play with sorelli the whole playoff man this guy's young
he's won everywhere you got to think like the future for this dude is just insane because what
a skater what a player he is yeah i, I think I remember looking back when you watched Couturier
and when he had the hatchery against Pittsburgh a while back
and everyone was talking about how this guy was going to
he was kind of coming into his own.
And I think that's kind of similar to where Sorelli is right now in his career.
He's gotten some selkie votes.
And playing with him, for me, it's a treat because he's so some selkie votes um and playing with him for me it's like it's a treat
because he's so good defensively and as you get older in the league i think you kind of start to
find things offensively and since he's been in the league he's became a better offensive player as
well i don't want to say you guys weren't challenged in there but you guys were never
really even close to the brink at all during the playoffs did confidence ever come close to even
wavering just a little bit or were you just kind of riding that same wave the whole playoffs?
We were a confident group, but whenever you're in playoffs and you lose a game, I mean, you never know.
Like that first game when we played Columbus and I went to, what,
it was four or five overtimes.
Like if they win that game, things could have been a lot different.
I think we were pretty fortunate in a lot of those situations.
You know, there's the one where Shaggy stick breaks and then perry scores um but other than that we we did
pretty well in the overtimes um i don't think at any moment we were ever truly worried um but like
you know you want to be confident in those situations so yeah stammer i was going to ask
maroon the exact same question but your experience is different because you've been there with him longer.
And I don't know when the news came that he wasn't going to be able to start playoffs.
Did you guys realize it was going to end up extending as long as it did?
And just like, what was the feeling like throughout the group,
knowing that you're not going to have one of your main pieces?
Well, I remember when they announced COVID and the season ending
and Stammer had already had his surgery.
And we're like, you know what, this really sucks.
But we're like, if we're trying to look at a positive side,
like Stammer will be ready.
Like he's going to have this extra time.
And once playoff starts, he's going to be fine.
And then he gets, he has a kind of a hiccup.
And we don't think much of it.
And it kind of lingers and lingers and lingers
and at a certain point we're like this guy's probably not going to play a game for us in the
playoffs and we're kind of devastated by that he's a 60 goal scorer he really you know helps our
power play a ton and our power play was kind of struggling a little bit at the beginning of the
playoffs um but i for so he worked so hard in the bubble he was working his
bag off and uh in Dallas he's like I'm I'm ready to go and once he said that and he was in um
we didn't know like until I think it was the day of that he was playing um but once we found that
out guys he didn't he wasn't like hey I don't need to play for I haven't
played in forever I don't need to be on the first line I don't even need to be on power play I just
think I could help so if you get me out there I didn't you know what are these two minutes and
whatever 40 seconds and he scores that goal I think I know you you talked about it with when
we were on the bench and like how crazy you went when you think about how hard he worked to get back in the lineup
and how important it was to him, because no matter what anyone says,
he's a huge part of this team.
But if he didn't play one playoff game,
it would have been a little bit different for him in his mind.
And for him to come out and score a goal that potentially, you know,
helps us win that game is huge for him and for us, obviously.
And just being there that long, the captain, the loss to Chicago,
it's like so  I was so happy for that guy.
I mean, I've only hung out with Stammer one time, but just a great person.
So, so excited for him.
We're talking injuries.
Now, my question is, you had Koop.
He was like near tears.
It sounded like Hedman was never going to play hockey again.
Like before the first round, he ends up winning the con smite with ease.
Did you guys like, was that, was that a little game and ship?
What was going on there?
I don't even remember.
I'm not joking.
No, I know.
That's before the Columbus series, Cooper came out the day before.
I was like, I don't remember that.
I thought he injured it like the year before.
I'm like, oh my God. They just lost Hedman.
Like, fuck, they might get swept again.
No offense.
But looking at the press conference, I mean, give him an Oscar now
if Hedman didn't have anything wrong with him.
I don't remember, honestly.
There's our answer.
Yeah, I don't know if I gave something away there or nothing, but whatever.
But guys were  like, you guys know how it is in
playoffs we had guys i don't know if the over release the injuries they had but like i was
shocked some of the guys could lift the stanley cup with their ac joints and like playing through
like you know vitamin t shots every day you know pretty pretty uh you know great for them
pretty cool like you mentioned your father was there just i'm i'm
guessing just a special hug between you guys and getting to just be a part of that did he lift it
over his head did they allow him i think at first he didn't want him he's like no i didn't i didn't
i didn't win it i don't want to lift he came on the ice and you know my dad's not really like an
emotional guy i've never seen him cry in my life um and there's a picture on my Instagram I posted it um
it was kind of as I was talking about like at 1 a.m when everyone was kind of leaving the cup was
just sitting there there wasn't like anyone left in the room and it was just him and me side by
side and you know it was like a really special moment I he was getting teary and I was getting
teary-eyed and he's like you know what you did it man and I was like we did it it was uh because
yeah that there that picture he's like you know teary-eyed, and he's like, you know what? You did it, man. And I was like, we did it. It was  because, yeah, that picture, he's like getting a little teary-eyed.
It's a really special moment.
The mayor did it.
I mean, your father had more to do with you winning the cup than she did.
So he gets really  fuck, I did it for the Bruins,
so your father definitely could have for you guys.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
I'm going to go back to the bubble for a second.
Regardless of winning the cup. when we talk about the bubble
don't ever bring it up again R.A.
is the glory hole a thing?
is the glory hole a thing?
when people were talking about
everything that was going on in the bubble
I will say when we first got to the bubble
our hotel was a little different
because it was like
all the teams that were already in the playoffs
and we didn't play a game for like a week or like an important game for a week and a half
so it was like an all-paying inclusive resort trip for a couple guys
i mean i remember at one point ovechkin and pat maroon found a scale and they were doing a way
off on that everyone was betting on who was going to weigh more.
I heard like Krug
and McAvoy had a push-up competition
with Crosby reffing.
It's gone on.
Won't get into it, but that was one of the
funnier. When I saw them and everyone was like,
I think Obi was like, there's no way
I weigh more than you.
He's like, get out the scale.
And it was pretty funny.
That's incredible.
What would you give for your overall grade?
I know a lot of work, a lot of people.
Oh, yeah.
No, so I'm not going to complain about it.
It was a tough situation for a lot of people.
But you really have to give a lot of respect to the NHL and the PA for setting this up.
No, there was no one that, you know, had the,
we got tested every day.
There was no coronavirus that was tested positive.
The way they set it up was unbelievable.
Like in Toronto, we got to use BMO field.
We could do whatever we wanted.
Edmonton was great.
You just walk to the arena.
It was a little long.
It was tough being away from the family,
but in the end for them to pull this off
was really special. I give kudos was tough being away from the family. But in the end, for them to pull this off was really special.
And I give kudos to the NHL and the PA.
So I got a video sent to me of Matthew Joseph pulling the trigger
outside of a hotel or something just so buckled.
Anyone else really stick out to you as just being extra waffled
in the celebrations?
And if you say nobody, that means it was you.
Oh, no.
So I'll say someone. I think there's, there was a couple of guys.
I know one cooch.
Oh yeah. Oh Jesus.
I don't know if you guys saw the parade,
but he grabbed her owner while he was doing a speech and poured a beer down
his throat twice. The first time was pretty funny. The second time,
like, is he going to go for a third? uh yeah it was it was uh cooch cooch is
the best so when he when he gets going um he's pretty special it's funny i played so i played
in a golf tournament uh at palmacia and vinic his house is on the course and it's it's amazing to
hear about like that guy he's the most loved owner I've ever seen, I think. Like, every person in the city, he does so much for the community.
He's done so much for that team while also not being, like,
too hands-on, if that makes any sense.
So I know you mentioned him before, but what a moment it was for that guy
in terms of being loved by everyone and then finally delivering
that championship that it seems like it's been a while.
Yeah, I mean, when you talk to people in Tampa I think he's you know one
of the most important if not the most important people in Tampa everything he's doing downtown
he's really growing the city but I mean he's been my only owner so it's kind of tough for me to tell
but you guys know how does he talk to players and how certain guys get treated and stuff and
there's nothing that if we ever asked for he would he would say
don't know too um he takes care such great care of all of us so um yeah nothing but great things
to say for mr benny um i was going to ask you about team toughness and i did luke shen uh trade
and bringing him in or the signing excuse me i thought that played off huge especially against
the islanders when they were pushing back a little heavier.
And, of course, the addition of Patty Maroon
and how strong he is around the wall.
And he does add that team toughness element.
Do you think that was so vital for this year?
And I think overall as a team,
you guys looked like you were standing in there a little bit more,
like for the physicality stuff.
I mean, for sure.
I don't know how much guys will talk about it about the year prior but I
think that's something that we lacked for sure on our team and I think there's a great picture if
you see like the the Islander series and before when I think I when I got suspended or something
or Goodrow did something to Nelson and a couple of them came onto the red line, a couple of Islanders guys,
and then Shen, Pat Maroon, and Magosian just went up and stood them right in the eye.
And then Shen got into a couple of fights and stuff like that.
I think that was like the moment like, you guys, listen,
you got that Johnson's pretty tough,
but we're going to stand in there with you guys.
We're just as tough, if not more tough than you guys.
I know it's not summer like it typically is after a Stanley Cup,
but what are your plans to unwind?
Traveling anywhere?
Just going to go up to a lake?
What do you got on the menu?
I don't really have much planned.
I'm going to be playing a lot of golf.
I know the tough part is we don't know how we're going to have our days
with the Cup because of COVID and guys living in
Europe. And I know for me in Montreal right now, it's like,
it's like a 14 or 20 day quarantine. So I'm not in a hurry to leave here.
I'm going to, so I think the cup stays here for another two months.
So I'll probably enjoy myself as long as I can with it.
You'll stay as long as that thing's around you.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, man, Hey, we can't thank you enough for hopping on.
I know it's been a crazy couple days, including today with the box,
which, by the way, I bought that at the six and a half.
Huge cover by Tom Brady and the boys for me.
But, man, congratulations.
Starting with Doc Talk, we chatted with you then.
You became an influencer, and you go on to a cup champ.
So we're really happy for you, man.
Thanks, guys.
Appreciate you having me on. Killer, do we're really happy for you man thanks guys appreciate you
killer do you mind if i ask you one more i want to ask you about coop and the fact that you know
given in today's nhl sometimes when teams don't meet expectations especially when you have a very
strong group sometimes they give up on the head coach a little early how much were the group just
pulling and voicing no this is our guy our guy, and eventually, of course, this year he pulled through,
and he kind of finally gets his Stanley Cup?
He knew we were going to play for him.
This year was really important, I think, for the players and for him,
and everyone stepped up.
He's been a big part of this organization, I think, for eight years now.
Everything he's done for this team, I think it was huge for us to share that with him.
Actually, we had one more.
Ms. Biz had a question she wanted to ask via Biz.
What was the first must-have food for you when you get out of the bubble?
We haven't really.
What have I ate?
He's been drinking.
Opus one.
That's what he's been eating.
We were going to go out to dinner at a nice steakhouse in a private room,
and we just went to like a pizza place, place and they shut it down and we just had pizza
and beer.
It was great.
Anyway,
thanks for joining us.
Killer.
All right.
Thanks for having me guys.
Congratulations,
brother.
Thanks for joining us.
Thanks.
See you later.
Just want to send a huge thanks to killer Alex Cohen for joining us.
So obviously they just won the cup,
lots of celebrations going on.
So he was able to make some time for us,
and we're most appreciative that he was able to do that for us.
It was a nice little chat.
Oh, big time.
Doc Talk's going to be buzzing next season.
And think about all the Doc Talk haters out there who are like,
oh, yeah, these guys are more focused on making content.
Well, this guy does it all, folks.
This guy's the number one influencer this year in the NHL with the Doc Talking. No doubt. And I'm not sure if he's going to drop anchor with that jet
ski at all, but if killer does, he ought to use cross country mortgage. It's America's crazy good
mortgage company. Cross country mortgage combines a people first mindset with a dedication to the
fundamentals of mortgage lending, which results in a fast, easy, and stress-free home financing or refinancing
experience. A personalized approach of assessing individual needs has allowed Cross Country
Mortgage to serve their communities and forge lifelong relationships since 2003. Cross Country
Mortgage has the solutions to serve virtually every situation, whether you're a first-time home
buyer, a military vet, or have less than
stellar credit, and they're licensed in all 50 states. Cross-country mortgage also gets things
done quickly, and in most cases, the underwriting is done in 24 hours or less. If you already own,
cross-country mortgage can help you refinance to improve your current financial situation.
Now is the best time to renegotiate your contract terms and take advantage
of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Mortgage rates have reached record low levels in 2020,
and refinancing now means you probably won't have to worry about your rate again as long as you own
your home. That kind of peace of mind allows you to do other things with your time, energy, and the extra money you'll save.
So go to ccmlens.com slash nbd to learn more about your future home buying experience or to refinance your mortgage. That's ccmlends.com slash nbd to learn more. Cross-country mortgage is the best at what they do.
Cross-country mortgage, LLC, NMLS, 3029, www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org,
equal housing opportunity.
Oh, biz, biz, biz.
We were talking about goalies a minute ago, and I'll tell you, man,
there was a lot of goalies.
Why did you just say that? I don't know. made me laugh so i was like what did i do wrong
this time i don't know i just instinctively go to you biz when i need like you like my security oh
it's listening to your ad reads man it's just like it's like that's my meditation that are you
talking about movies and then we're talking about golf isn't very relaxing. Hey, speaking of goalies, did you say goalies?
Yeah.
Lundquist just tweeted out, what did he say here?
I still love to compete.
I still love the game, and I still want to win, capital letters,
exclamation point, and win.
I think that's a guy who is not retiring and will be in the NHL this season.
I think that tweet shows me he's going to be somewhere.
No, no doubt about it.
I mean, the only thing is he doesn't.
I know, but I didn't know.
I mean, I didn't know if maybe he'd go back and play in Sweden.
It's like I think his brother's a stallion on Frolunda,
so maybe he'd want to play with him.
I don't know.
I figured he would be, but that's a tweet that shows he's ready to go.
Him and Patty to the KHL together, package steal.
We get into that in a little bit.
We had Patty Maroon on too, guys.
We got Chuck.
We won't divulge too much of that interview yet,
but we still have some hockey to talk about, right, R.A.?
Absolutely, yeah.
Like I said, goalies were kind of the big news this week.
A lot of signings we expected, some we weren't sure of.
But as expected and as earlier reported, the Vegas Golden Knights extended goalie Robin Leno with a
five-year, 25 million deal. Comes with a 5 million average annual value slash cap hit and
also a modified no trade clause. Of course, Vegas still has Marc-Andre Fleury under contract for two
more seasons at 7 million per. There's been a lot of speculation at what may or may not happen with him.
Obviously, Marc-Andre smiles.
He's happy with whatever's going on.
But 12 million on your goaltender, that situation will certainly keep our eye on Witt.
Yeah, you hear that they're kind of shopping him, making some calls.
I don't think he'll be on the Knights when the season starts.
Maybe return to Pittsburgh, boys.
Is that crazy?
I know they just got Jarry.
Jarry would be 10.5 million a year for two goalies.
Probably not.
That's exciting to think about happening.
I can't really picture where he's going to end up.
But I do know that when the story originally broke,
I don't know who had the scoop that Leonard had already handshaked
five for five.
That was dead on.
That was during the playoffs and he was asked about it and he kind of denied it right away, which is natural, but somebody had that scoop legit.
And I think it really does come down to DeBoer got there and he had no sort of
connection to Fleury. It wasn't like, you know,
Gallant being there from the beginning. And it was,
he was more comfortable with his team that the team he saw play in front of robert leonard and that's kind of the direction they've gone so i don't know where he'll end up who knows seattle
is that an option does he want to do that again i think he wants to stay in vegas yeah he does but
all right you hit the nail on the head as far as money you're investing into goaltenders and
it's just you know when you're when you're a team like Vegas,
and they got a nice little window here right now.
They got some good players, like especially with Mark Stone and Pat Turei.
I think that that's money that could be spent on another piece
in order to get them over that hump.
And I don't know.
You got to imagine if Fleury moves.
Like I don't think somebody's just going to take him with that cap hit or at least the money he's making they got to probably retain some salary
on that he's not getting any younger and you got to wonder considering the goalie market is so hot
this offseason i mean even as good as some goalies are like are they going to be making
seven million like i think you get markstrom like what do you think markstrom's gonna get paid yeah therein lies the rub it's it's it's a very competitive market and then
lenner who's got better numbers and i know that markstrom means quite a bit to vancouver and i
hope that that relationship stays together and the fact that they're able to keep him and demko but
there's just like there's just crazy carousel as far as the goaltenders and situations going on
and i can't seem see vegas getting over the edge with paying that much
in goaltending given the flat cap.
A move has to be made at some point.
Maybe a three-way deal, something like that.
Right.
You wonder at that cap pit, though, how valuable is Marc-Andre Fleury
as a piece?
And I'm not taking away from his game at all.
I still think he's a starter in the NHL.
But you're going to be giving up an asset to a depreciating one
at what his age is at not a friendly cap pit in a flat cap year?
I don't know, man.
This is a greasy business, and I see a little bit of a conflict there.
Am I going crazy here wet no
alan walsh is probably going alan walsh might be going crazy but you're you're cool
as far as the original report um with the five times five i believe greg waschinski did have
it first i'm not 100 positive but i know he did have that uh early on so obviously it got shot
down and said it wasn't true,
but he was one of the first, if not the first on it.
And you mentioned Tristan Jarry,
the Penguin signed him to a three-year,
10.5 million contract extension.
It's 3.5 million AAV cap hit.
31 games started last season.
He was 20, 12, and one with the two, four, three goals against,
nine, two, one save percentage, 3 shutouts.
That's a pretty good number, though.
I will say, if he ends up being the starting goalie,
considering Matt Murray is slated to be
a restricted free agent, the fact Pittsburgh
signs Jerry to this three-year deal,
if he's the number one man,
that's a really, really nice price for your number one
goalie, Biz. You want me to start
this one off again on the goalie shtick?
Yeah, I think it's a great contract i think given that his sample size wasn't so large they were able to lock
him in at that that number uh i mean christ looking at even both their goalies what what's
murray making i can't imagine he's rfa i think okay so he I would imagine, given maybe the question marks there,
I don't know what he's going to want to get paid,
but I think they have enough confidence in Jari to take over that number one role
where if Murray is asking for too much,
he now becomes a somewhat valuable trade piece.
Yeah, I think they have a great goaltending situation right now
with two young guys, and I don't know.
The book's still out on murray as of
late yeah murray just murray murray had the the incredible run he came on the scene he's had a
tough time being consistent he's a tough time staying healthy and jar is a higher pick than
him he's a year younger than him he was a second rounder i think i think mario's a third rounder
and and so if you look at like pittsburgh sceneari, all right, we might like this guy a little more.
So we're able to get him at this deal.
Now that really, all of a sudden that opened,
we think we got our starter, make it three and a half for three years,
which is ironically the deal that Murray just had that ended.
I think he was making, you know, he was 3.75 for those three.
So they've done a good job in terms of trying to get a goalie on the cheap
that they also think can win them games
because they are paying some guys a ton of money.
They need that room up front,
the same way you're saying Vegas is going to need it.
So where the question lies here is,
what type of deal is Murray going to be willing to take
when he's delivered your team to Stanley Cups?
And there's a bit of pride that's associated with it,
with the starting position,
and where he's going to be like, well the starting position and where he's going to be
like well no like if this is if jari is going to be your guy where maybe murray's in the mindset
of like hey i think half the games is respectable maybe we could share the net and i'll take another
pretty fair deal based on what i've accomplished so uh some question marks there but what would
you think a two-time stanley cup winner would do do you think he's going for his payday and he
and he wants to show that he can do it somewhere else?
I think he's  well, he's RFA, though, so that's the issue.
He can't  you know, it's not where he gets to have the whole league kind of
fighting for his services.
But I think that the Penguins will probably say, hey, sign another deal like
the one you just signed, you know, and then all of a sudden they get two goalies at a combined around seven, 7.5 a year. That's probably their ideal situation
unless they're just looking to trade them right away. But then you need to back up. You need
another goalie coming in. I don't know how that's going to go down, but I think Murray can't really
argue to the fact like I need to be, I need to be your starter, especially in Pittsburgh. He knows
he'd have to go in and beat Jari out.
Like there was times this year that it was the complete opposite.
Jari was their guy.
Yeah, and Murray's last deal was a three-year 11.25 million deal,
which came out to 3.75 million a year.
So, yeah, he's probably not looking to take a pay cut,
which 3.5 million is less.
At the same time, it is a flat cap.
So asking for a raise in this day and age is also maybe, I don't say it's ballsy,
but I'm not sure you're going to get it.
So obviously we'll keep an eye on that as well.
35-year-old goalie Brian Elliott is chewed unrestricted free agency
and opted to sign a one-year 1.5 million deal to stay with the Flyers.
Moose started 27 games with Philly last year.
He also serves as a mentor to Carter Hart.
I think Biz, he's got an ideal situation.
You know, I mean, he's obviously in the back nine of his career.
He can mentor this great young player.
He's in a comfortable situation.
It seemed like a no-brainer for him.
I would imagine he's ecstatic about that deal.
And I think every year he plays from here on out in the NHL,
he's going to be very thankful that he's in the league.
And I think that's a great number on putting some value on the fact
that he's going to be making kind of hat a lot more comfortable in his net
and where he needs a guy where maybe he needs to talk to about some experience
that he's already been through in his career.
He can go to him as that mentor.
And I think that's extremely valuable.
And given how important Carter Hart in moving forward with the Flyers is,
because if they're going to win a cup, they're going to need him to stand on his head.
And I think that they understand that the time is now in order for him
to get those years under his belt where he's a savvy veteran.
Elliot, guys love Elliot too.
Just a favorite in the room.
And he won the national title with Wisconsin.
He actually won it with Pavelski, I think 15 years ago now.
So he's had a hell of a run in the NHL.
He's been Ottawa, you know, the Blues, Flyers.
He's kind of had a little bit of a suitcase career.
But for the most part, wherever he's gone, he's been really consistent.
When he does play as a starter, he was real good.
Now he's the perfect sort of guy to help Carter Hart along.
He's played long enough.
He's played in a bunch of different spots. You can teach him about the ups and downs
and also get in and still make a difference.
So great, great re-signing for the Flyers.
All right.
I don't know if you had it written down.
Do you have the Johnny Goudreau rumors?
That he put weight on from ham and cheese?
No, come on.
There's some rumblings out there.
I don't know if this is true, but potentially him going to Philadelphia.
I want to say I read on Twitter today that they were open to it.
Am I going crazy here,
or am I just obsessed with making up Johnny Goudreau rumors?
I haven't seen that anywhere, Biz.
Where did you read it on Twitter?
Oh, Grinnelli's coming in.
I've read it in a few places.
Where?
He's not crazy.
Where have you guys read this?
Here, let me find it.
Oh, Pussycrusher6969.
Stan Bowman's like, shit.
I meant to write Chicago. I had the wrong C, nine. Dan Bowman's like, shit. I meant to write, I meant to write Chicago.
I had the wrong C team.
Maybe I over-exaggerated a little bit and I got, I got ahead of my skis and I'm just
obsessed with the, maybe we talked about restraining orders at the beginning of the pod for the
Tampa Bay lightning on G.
Maybe Johnny's going to get one on me.
This is, this is quotes from a, on sports net.
And, and this, remember, remember as i said i got ahead
of my skis our two biggest needs right now is figuring out our goaltending and our defense
brad tree living spoke about the flames top priorities heading into nhl draft and free agency
so that's probably that's that kind of goes back to the dubnick situation at the beginning of the
episode where i think i just made that up in my head so that was you read you read tree living saying what Calgary needs and you took it and turned
it into Johnny's going to the Flyers no no just the fact that there's been other rumblings of it
like no and and just based on the um like the trade list stuff he's It seems like he's kind of up there.
Anyway, let's just move on past these rumors I'm creating.
I love it.
I love it.
By the way, our fishing video is going to be dropping tomorrow, Tuesday.
You mentioned Carter Hart, and me and Fridge, Todd Fedorick,
had a pretty extensive conversation about Carter Hart
and why I say the name the way I do.
So keep your eyes peeled for that video dropping Tuesday.
But we've got some more goalie news.
A lot of goalie shit going on.
The Jets signed backup goalie Laurent Morsois to a one-year deal worth 1.5 million.
He started 15 games last season, went 6-7-1 with a 3-2-8, 8-9-5.
Obviously backing up Connor Hellebuck, who isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
And per Pierre Lebrun, Dallas GM Jim Nill,
has reached out to Anton Hedobin's agent, Kent Hughes,
about re-signing the pending UFA.
And the goalie, Hedobin, he does want to stay put.
He loves Dallas.
The team would like to keep the same combo last season.
Bishop is carrying a 4.9 cap hit for the next three years.
So Dallas is going to see what they can to make that work.
Also, I'm sorry, did you have something?
No, I was going to say that's an incredible deal for Bishop.
Under 5 million, that's for four more years?
Three more, but yeah.
No, same point.
No, that's a nice gap for number one.
I think they'd say to Hugh Dobin, hey, the Jari deal,
is he not even considering that?
Is that not near enough, three years, three and a half a year?
I think if you're getting that type of term on basically a number two.
You might grab it.
I'm wondering what he signs for.
I think they could maybe get him a little bit cheaper than that, to be honest.
I mean, Bishop's their number one.
He's there for three more years at a very fair deal i don't think you want to i think anytime you're spending
under nine million on both it's a it's a it's a great it's a great situation yep uh other news
from the goaltended front detroit will not offer jimmy howard a contract prior to the free agency
period uh the wings put out a tweet wishing him well. And I mean, I can't believe what he's been there 14 fucking seasons, man.
I mean, he's a guy, great goaltender. I think on different teams,
he might've had more success. He's obviously been kind of stuck in Detroit.
Last season was a one year, 5.1 million deal.
He's going to turn 37 during the next season,
but I think he could be a hell of an addition for a team,
either looking for a team,
either looking for a high-quality backup, perhaps a number one,
or even a mentor to a young goalie coming forward with.
I love Howie.
I've known him for a long time.
He's a year younger than me.
He played at Maine when I was at BU.
He's at the national program when I was there, too,
or maybe the next year.
But what a teammate.
I mean, he's  dude, that's a, he was, I think he was second rounder,
but could have been easily a first round.
He probably would have been after what they see,
saw him do at Maine if the draft had been redone or if he was older, because he was so nasty when he first came into the NHL. And then he,
you know, what he did was he did spend the time in the AHL. I mean,
he had, he left school and he went to grand Rapids.
He played, I think, one full year there and then parts of two others up and down, maybe
two full years, but took his time and then just became just an awesome goaltender, dominant
at times.
And I think Detroit, it was right at the end of their kind of true greatness, you know,
when he's, when he became the starter and really took over, but competitive guy who,
fuck man, I got some funny pictures of this guy. He's good. So he loves how he loves wearing like tight clothes,
like how you love it. And you get some,
you get some loud stuff for the golf trips, you know, he's got some, uh,
what is the word? Like, you know, like, like, uh, bright, you know,
some bright shirts. And so I can't wait to see the guy again.
And I think that he's going to end up somewhere else,
but Detroit's been all he's ever known in the NHL.
And I think that he he's earned the, the, the career he's had.
Do you think that he's going somewhere to, to prove himself again?
And this is a guy that somebody could probably get on a very reasonable deal.
Cause like he's, he's already said he's been on a tough team and I don't think his numbers have necessarily been
there. And given that the market's so strong right now, is this, you know,
this is, you think this is a guy who a hundred percent finds a job somewhere?
Yeah. All right. I mean, I think for sure there's a, there's a team.
It depends on what he's going to want for money. That that's always kind of
like, you know, does he, does he want to keep playing for less money?
I don't know.
What was he just making at the end of this deal?
He was just on a one-year 5.1 million deal.
But he had a big deal for like 30 million, I remember, maybe 32.
And so he's made plenty of dough, you know.
So if he wants to keep going, taking a little bit less
and maybe tries to
go to a winner we'll see but it's crazy actually how many goalie action there is you brought that
up before now there's so many good goalies i feel like you used to not be able to find one now every
team's got three it seems like it's crazy and with yeah he did sign the six year 31.7 million
dollar deal back in how good is that without looking six years 32 as i throw a lacrosse
ball up and down so you gotta think money's not 100 the priority for jimmy i mean if he could
jump on with a contender i'm sure he'd be down for that biz you mentioned devin dubnik earlier
there has been significant trade buzz with dubnik uh the 34 year old has one more year left on a
six-year 26 million dollar deal that carries a 4.3 million cap hit.
The team that's tagging the play has been San Jose.
That's the team he's linked with.
Apparently, they're envisioning a Jones-Dubnik duo for next season.
This seems to be a case of where there's smoke, there's fire.
We'll keep an eye on it, Biz,
but I think that's what you were alluding to earlier, no?
Yeah, and if you're San Jose, this is such a a weird time for them i'm not sure where this organization's headed
they've been one of those teams that has been able to sustain sustain excuse me great success
for a long time we've been very complimentary of that but i mean you know i would imagine joe
i'm not sure what the story is if he's coming back yet. Has there been any news on that?
And then all of a sudden you're trying to adjust your goaltending situation.
Well, what are you going to give up for Dubnik in order to help come in there
and replace  or is this a situation where it's not going to cost much
because Minnesota, you know, has him at a high price
and they're trying to free up cap space,
and also they understand he's on the last year of his deal.
So just, you know, couple of question marks with San Jose
and with what they're going to do in goaltending.
Okay, and next up, this one's from Frank Cervelli,
the great reporter up in Canada, although I believe he's an American.
He said, quote, Don Sweeney has initiated conversations with teams
about Rask's market value over the last number of weeks.
Now, of course, that is a GM's job to, you know,
way to see who might be interested.
Honestly, I don't know how trading Rask helps the Bruins.
They do need secondary scoring.
To me, if you trade Rask, you just have a hole in the middle.
You need a goaltender.
Again, this could just be Don Sweeney crossing T's and dotting I's.
And then Dominic Tiano added a tweet.
Rask's modified no trade clause does not carry into next season.
He will in fact have no trade restrictions on October 9th.
So I don't know.
This seems to be a little bit of buzz about the bees and Rask getting traded here. I know, obviously I'm the bees fan, the bees guy here.
I don't see why they would do it. I know, obviously, I'm the Bees fan, the Bees guy here. I don't see why they would do it.
I mean, the teammates were behind what he did.
Unless the management is really pissed at the fact that he opted to come home
and be with his family, his kids,
I don't see how trading Tuukka Rask makes the Bruins better.
Unless you show  tell me what you're getting back.
Tell me who's going to be your guy.
All the people who said Halak could be the starter.
Nope.
So I don't know what you're going to get in return,
but he better be a top 10 goalie in the league.
What would you say he is in the NHL, all right?
Top what goalie?
I'd say five every year.
I'd say five every year.
I'd say top five.
I mean, it's a percentage.
You want to trade him?
You're pissed.
He left.
Well,
people should have short memories.
You feel like in pro sports they do.
Cause if he,
if they don't trade them and he goes out and he starts the year,
actually,
you know what I was going to say,
if they don't trade him and he goes out and starts a year,
like 18 and three that everyone will forget.
But with him,
they won't,
they'll still fucking shit on him until he,
until he does it in the cup.
So I don't know.
I fans, you hear fans all the time.
They got to trade Tuuk.
I don't know how he could ever come back and play for the team.
But who are you getting back?
Who's going to be the guy that's bailing you out when you actually don't have
nights that you dominate?
I'll sum it up with one sentence.
Be careful what you wish for.
Yeah.
Get rid of him.
You're fucking toast.
I think the only people clamoring for it
are probably a lot of the guys who tune into 98.5 from 2 to 6.
I'll tell you, I got a lot of buddies.
I got a lot of buddies who I would look at
as I have a little bit more respect
than the average sport radio caller who are the same way.
I want him out of here.
He can't play another game.
All right, buddy.
What are you going to do?
Careful what you wish for.
And among the unrestricted three-agent goalies that will be on the market,
Markstrom, Hadobin, Holpe, Crawford, Grice, Craig Anderson, Miller, Howard,
Talbot, Smith, Dell, Lundquist.
So, I mean, there's all these goalies available every year,
but I don't know if I've ever seen a free-agent goalie market quite like this one. Albert Smith, Del Lundquist. So, I mean, there's all these goalies available every year,
but I don't know if I've ever seen a free agent goalie market quite like this one.
So we're obviously going to keep an eye on it.
There's going to be a lot going on. But I will say it's going to be a tight squeeze for a lot of these guys, Biz,
and they'll want to be comfortable, so they should grab some Muggsy jeans
to be comfortable for the old free agent process.
If you're an athlete, you know how hard it is to find clothes that fit you
well. The truth is men's clothes are not designed for guys with bigger asses and legs, especially
when it comes to jeans. Well, I have good news. The answer to your problems is finally here.
Mugsy jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us. Mugsy was started by a stoolie who was
tired of having his balls choked out in jeans. His goal was simple, reinvent men's jeans to look good and feel outrageously comfortable.
He spent five years working with industry experts and athletes like former NHL player
Ian Holby Baker and a Blake Jeffron to perfect the fit and feel of his jeans.
The magic is in Muggsy's proprietary denim, which is made from a bunch of high-tech materials
that make these jeans mind-blowingly soft and flexible.
And when I say flexible, I mean these jeans are so stretchy, you could hit the squat rack in them no problem.
They're so comfortable, they make basic movements like sitting, bending, and kneeling feel like a dream.
No exaggeration, you want to sleep in these things.
It's like you're wearing nothing at all.
Even better, Muggsy's come in a stylish. It's like you're wearing nothing at all.
Even better, Muggsy's come in a stylish fit that's not too baggy but not too tight.
So you somehow look even better than you feel.
I brought one pair of jeans down here to Provincetown with me. I brought my Muggsy's because they're super comfy.
You want to look good indoors for yourself or for your partner?
You want to look good for your boss in that important Zoom call you have later,
well, then you need to choose Mugsy.
Men's Health called Mugsy jeans the best jeans for athletes for good reason.
Take our word for it.
Give Mugsy jeans a try, and you won't be able to wear any other jeans ever again.
Mugsy is so confident you'll love their jeans,
they do free shipping and return so your comfort is 100 guaranteed
so do your legs a favor head to mugsy.com that's m-u-g-s-y.com to check out mugsy's full lineup
of jeans and safe for work chinos including new styles and sizes use the code spit for ten dollars
off that's a bear on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made
by heading to Muggsy.com using the code SPIT.
Talking about comfort and free agents, Biz, well,
Pat Maroon is once again an unrestricted free agent after winning back-to-back
cups, and I think we should send it over to him for his unique perspective
on winning a cup.
Let's do it.
Patty Maroon, folks.
Enjoy.
Well, our pal coming on now is just the third guy of the expansion era
to go back-to-back Stanley Cup champions with two different teams.
He won it, of course, last year with St. Louis,
and he won it again on Monday with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
And he certainly appears to be having one hell of a time
celebrating down in Tampa.
Congratulations on Stanley Cup. Number two.
And thanks for joining us on spit and chiclets, Patty Maroon.
Thanks. All right. I appreciate it. Thanks boys. Uh, what a ride.
What an intro. It's been a crazy couple of few days, as you can tell through my voice, but, uh, fuck, I still can't believe it.
It's nice to see you have your shirt on first off
I thought there was no chance you weren't
going to keep that going for the pod dude
you're going to take it off take it off let's start the fucking
I should have just
taken off man
well speaking of your body
I heard you were having a sumo wrestling
weigh offs with ovechkin
in the fucking bubble what's happening there who who had who there uh no one everyone had me
and and uh i mean it was it was honestly what a night that was too like doing way offs with ovi
and you know sid there and some of the other boys. I mean, it was nuts, man. Like the whole, the whole time.
So it was good to hang out with those guys and actually have a couple of
drinks with them and get their personalities.
Just, just who would I ever thought? I mean, it's yourself.
To do it with St. Louis and to bring a cup to your hometown.
And then like, you know, you're not resigned, which I,
I chirped them the other day. I said, why didn't they resign this guy?
He fucking signed for 900 in Tampa, right like jesus christ but i i
digress but then you go over to tampa you knew john cooper 15 years ago whenever it was like
just take me through your thought process on everything that's happened or have you really
not even had the time to sit back and think about how special this has been. I mean, I've had time, but as you guys know,
the last few days I've been partying and drinking.
I've been bambugo-ing myself a couple days.
So, no, I mean, I had time.
I mean, when Coop got the call and he  when he called me
and I got the call from Coop it was you know he was just like hey
what do you think about coming to Tampa uh let me talk to Julian and you know Julian called we had
a conversation with some other teams in the work but I told my agent that I wanted to go to a team
that I wanted to win on and and I thought Tampa you know what they went through last year was I
thought I can help their locker room I'm not going to help them on the score sheet every single night,
but I know I can help them stick up for their teammates.
They can play a little bigger.
You know, like Cooch can play bigger, Tyler Johnson, Stammer, Palat.
They can all play bigger and feel comfortable.
They have no someone that can protect them, and I knew they had a group that can win it all.
And I know I had a history with winning with Koop,
so it was just icing on the cake.
So I think he needed his good luck charm to win that cup for him.
You're too modest about the score sheet thing
because you were picking off Sauce in the final game
out of midair in the neutral zone.
How good did that one feel?
That felt good.
How about that, Biz?
Those are some sick mitts there, eh?
You look like Kucherov on every single fucking bad pass that goes around him.
He's like the video game.
If you just put it in his vicinity,
he's going to find a way to get it on a stick in order to make a play.
That guy is ridiculous.
You look like Kucherov when he's in warm-ups.
Because he's going at like 60, and then that's you at the game.
100.
It's the best when Sean Avery's giving me a shout-out, too, about my stick.
So I can't complain about that.
No, I mean, fuck, I don't even know.
I blacked out there.
I think I had my hands up in there bitching at the bench
because they were telling me to get off, and I was talking.
And you still
made the play so you're like shut up i know how long i should be out here i've been doing this
long enough well the best part is i thought volkov scored because it was his first game and i was
going nuts and i was like who scored then i go to the pilots coleman i was like oh shit maybe i
should have changed unreal yeah we've talked to other guys about like the day-to-day aspect of
the bubble and
obviously you guys won it and it ended great for you guys but how challenging did it get
not necessarily you but just the day day-to-day grind of uh every day the same thing over and
over again yeah i mean it was a grind for sure all right and i think the problem is like
you know i'm so used to you know it's sad but just, I'm used to leaving Anthony every single year,
obviously the year before I stayed in St. Louis, but you know,
I was used to being away from family. Uh,
and I know some guys are asking me questions, you know, what it's like.
And I just told him it's going to hit home for you when you're two weeks and
then a month into the bubble.
And then you're a month and a half in and
your your family you can't see your kids and um and then when you get into when you inch yourself
closer to the stanley cup or the conference finals and you're trying to get your families
and the americans can't come in but the canadians can kind of sucks and but we came together as a
group during that whole time you know Toronto we were
fortunate we had pickleball we had uh we had tennis courts we had a pool outdoor uh we had
like five restaurants we had the BMO field where you can go over and play spike ball
um soccer football play catch you know there's kind of a bar outside there was a restaurant open there
at five o'clock so we had we had things to do um in toronto then when you got to edmonton it was
kind of you had the we call it the prison yard which it wasn't but it was a cement concrete where
you can tell why guys in edmonton were struggling probably more than the guys in Toronto. Well, you guys got the free ice caps though. I heard from Timmy Hortons.
It's the best, the free double, free double doubles in the donuts.
Can't complain. So, I mean, yeah, I mean, it was,
it was tough at times for sure when you're sitting there grinding your way,
but we were fortunate to have a good team.
So we never felt like we were out of it.
And I know you guys touched on it a bit.
Like when a team's down 3-1 or 3-2,
are you kind of thrown in the towel just to get home?
Like we didn't have that feeling.
We had a feeling where like we were winning every single game
and we were never down in the series besides in Boston,
down 1-0 and besides in Dallas and 1-0.
So we always knew we'd find a way.
So we didn't really have that we're going home
mentality attitude.
We came together, you know, obviously,
you guys know hotels, you have a few drinks,
but you're just kind of hanging out and you really don't
have anyone kind of to lean on besides yourself
and your buddies that you're part of the team. So you kind of have to make, make ends meet.
And I thought we did a good job of that.
Any, uh,
standard contests in the bubble where guys might not like each other,
maybe catching their eye for an extra second.
We know of guys getting in the same elevator and being polite,
but do you have any situations like that?
No, I mean, in the Toronto bubble, it was,
it was everyone getting the same elevator together.
I think when you were playing that team,
like say Boston was in our hotel,
they would walk in,
say they would go in the elevator first.
We'd wait.
We'd have respect for that.
And that happened in Dallas too.
We won game four, game five.
We won in, no, game four.
And guys were waiting.
I walked in the elevators just
by myself and there's ballast stars guys waiting behind me so you shot the puck at them you
shoot the shoot the puck at them during games you clown what a fucking move you goon hey
did that change the series or what
okay all right that's that's your little ploy i know you did something last year where
you were going by whose bench and you said something was i think it might have even been
the finals boston it was boston yeah game two so that's your thing hey you're gonna talk that shit
and next year he's gonna fire a stick in the bench because it's got to get worse and worse
last year was just verbal this year it got a little physical.
Might take his skate off.
I mean, you guys have no idea.
Like, every time I go by a bench, it's like, you're fat, maroon, you're this.
Like, you either don't.
I'm like, guys, I get it.
Like, it's so goddamn annoying sometimes because I just get chirped how bad of a hockey player I am
and how big I am.
And it's just like, sometimes it just gets annoying.
And I had enough of it of dollars to just get chirped.
You're like, I had a way off for a reason.
I fucking know.
Like, come on, guys.
Seriously, throw me a bone once in a while, you know.
We're in the same league together.
I can't be doing that bad.
It's like basketball.
If you make fun of me 15 or 16 more times, I'm going to lose my mind.
To be fair, maybe they thought the elevators had a weight restriction
and they didn't want to go over the limit.
Maybe they were being more thoughtful than anything.
No shit.
Hey, I'm not that big yet, Biz.
I'm not at my kicking point yet.
As a player, did you guys feed much into the situation?
What was it game three i think it was game four where the penalties back and forth there was a lot of weird
calls in that game like you guys do you guys just erase that out of your guys memory given the fact
that you guys got that pp and ot and it was a bit of a soft call yeah i mean but they had their
opportunity before that didn't they okay fair enough good
answer they had a four on three right before that and then another five on four to remain on top of
that so um yes that happened I think that happened to us twice right where we scored an OT where
we took a no oh Long Island and then they killed it off and they went down and scored an OT where we took a, no, oh, Long Island, and then they killed it off and they went down and scored an OT.
But, I mean, they had their opportunity, I felt like,
to capitalize there, to make it a series.
And when we had our opportunity, we capitalized there.
I know we're getting into a lot of the hockey talk
and not much of the celebration.
We had Killorn on before this,
and he talked about how the power play struggled a little bit early,
given the fact that Stamkos was missing.
In that finals, you guys were on fire.
What was it that changed?
Maroon had the best view from the bench.
Well, I mean, I would imagine you're absorbing
and wondering why things are starting to click.
I like to absorb that stuff.
Doesn't mean I don't want a half wall.
No, I think, honestly, they were harping on the net front guy
because I guess, you know, you know how every coach is.
Goalies hate traffic, right?
So, Killer got put back on that top unit,
and he was just trying to take their eyes away,
and I thought we did a good job of that, taking Dobie's eyes away.
And then once you got that seam pass,
he's kind of down and out.
And we just made it difficult for him to see the puck.
And I think with Cooch running the half ball
and Victor Hammond running the top,
I mean, two elite players.
And you got Andre Pallott
that just had an unbelievable series.
And then you have a threat that Braden Point,
my name, scored 13 goals in the playoffs so you can pop him in the middle and score a goal too so I think we found holes
and we broke them down a little bit and we got them running and we capitalized our opportunities.
Hey Patty, goalies they hate traffic and when you're in tight go up high that's what they say.
That's what they say yeah.'s what they say, yeah.
What about  who was a guy  and I actually thought you might say Palat,
so maybe that is the case, but when you got to Tampa,
he was so much better than you maybe thought.
Like a guy you're like, oh, my God, I don't understand how good this player was.
Braden Point.
Yeah.
So just like you didn't understand yet.
No, he's  and like you guys know, like, I mean, what you know,
like playing out west, like guys never talk about Getzloff or, you know,
Scott Niedermeyer or Proggs when he was there.
I mean, you guys  I mean, no one even talks about Braden Point ever.
I mean, and now you guys just saw how elite of a player he is.
I mean, I'm going to say this,
but I thought him and McKinnon were the best two players
I thought you could watch in the playoffs this year.
Wow.
That's just my opinion, though.
I don't know how you guys feel, but, I mean,
that goal he scored against the Islanders was something else.
Yeah, no, it was insane.
But when we were texting back and forth.
Hey, boys, hold on. My agent when we were texting back and forth... Hey, boys.
Hold on. My agent's calling.
I can't see you guys.
UFA offer coming in. Okay, all right.
We're live on the news here. Put him on speaker.
Five-year deal at five million.
No, he's like, dude,
Seska's calling in Moscow
seven million for two years.
You never have to wear a mask again.
Seattle's looking at you.
You actually have to bring a positive COVID test with you
to get into the country.
Wait till you're getting the AK-47 game trophies.
Player of the game.
But you have to agree to wrestle a bear at the Christmas game
if you guys have the Christmas jerseys on.
Bear has to wrestle him.
Sorry, I'm back.
There we go.
There we go.
Go ahead, R.A.
Patty, we mentioned your history with Coop.
You won, I believe it was a junior or junior beat title way back in 2007
with him.
That's a long time going back with him.
What was his message to the team before game six?
I mean, he's, we, me and Goudreau sat next to each other
all during the playoffs, and we just listened to his speeches,
and he's just so smooth.
He has that lawyer swag mentality where he walks in the room
and, you know, he can just vibe it out.
And I actually don't remember what he actually said, but, you know,
it just, you know, kind of take the opportunity and, you know,
overcome it.
But he was just more focused on just winning the hockey game that,
that day, you know, we were obviously going up three, one,
we laid an egg in game five and game six.
He's like, boys, all we have to do is just win the hockey game.
Focus on, you know, the first 10 minutes.
Focus on, you know, the next 10 and focus on, you know, the next period
and how you're going to set yourselves up.
And he's just so good at talking, so smooth.
And I think that's how he can get to his guys and how guys get motivated.
And that's why he's such a successful coach in this league.
And he's done an amazing job, and he finally got his cup that he deserved.
But, honestly, I don't know what he kind of said because, you know,
Chief last year was kind of like one-word answers, like get to the point.
And Coop has this swag to him and confidence to him that, you know,
he walks around the room and talks for a while.
So that's why, you know, that's why he's a great coach.
So Coop's more like a lawyer, whereas Chief's more like a defendant.
Basically.
Chief's like not guilty.
I plead the fifth.
I ain't taking the stand.
Oh, man.
It's funny, you know, watching your you that you have these top end talent you're
talking about point and kutra but the minutes were spread out i mean i think that coop was pretty
good i mean points right around 20 minutes but you were over 12 for the playoffs so it's probably
pretty important as a as a coaching staff and as a team like let's get everyone going let's wear
them down that way with four lines yeah we did a good job of that i think
towards the end we kind of got gassed because i don't know if you guys you know paid attention
we went 7 and 11 or uh throughout the playoffs until we lost game one uh to dallas because guys
were just kind of gassed and to be honest with you i think they're just tired of playing with
seti and puck with me and Seti.
So they're just like, we don't want to go over the rim.
That rotating winger's like, fuck, no.
We're not even going to touch the puck.
He's like, we get all this confidence on the top line.
Then I go down there.
Yeah.
This is a guy.
It's like Russian roulette, but every time they're getting the bullet
god honest truth unreal coop was like cooch can you go he's like
no i'm too tired no but none of my cooch is like i can't the backup goalie
set up the backup tendy oh hey so i asked this to um kaloran but it should have been a question
for you is uh the winning it last year with having everyone's family in the room as opposed
to this year where it was pretty much just the people who were tugging on the rope a small amount
of family members was a little bit more intimate and that you got to share that time just with the
guys who had won it not being not, not distracted, but, you know, attention everywhere else?
Yeah, that was good.
I thought, you know, there's no distractions.
Obviously, we didn't have any family members come in.
Just mom and dads flew in.
So that was, you know, you know how mom and dads are.
They kind of stay away, do their thing.
So that was kind of unbelievable feeling, though,
like seeing the guys celebrate, you know, seeing guys
get emotional.
You don't really see that kind of because people are kind of scattered, you know, hugging
their mom and dads, hugging their wives, hugging their kids.
So you got to see like everyone's emotions throughout the locker room and, you know,
you get to see different personalities come out of the locker room, party in and hanging
out.
So it was unbelievable.
Obviously, we want families there, but I think it's nice to went on the road and,
you know,
bring it back home.
And,
you know,
the next day we got to see him,
but I thought it was neat just to be with them,
have our night together and,
you know,
enjoy it.
And,
you know,
already.
The,
I'm kind of curious,
like the difference between the two teams,
in your opinion,
like things you can kind of think of that were so different. I i know you were down 3-2 to dallas dallas must
hate your guts you get them in double ot in game seven and now you're they're looking at like the
fat boys beat beats us again what the fuck is wrong with you?
They definitely hate my shit.
You don't think Warren Perry's like, fuck it.
Boy, he wasn't there both years.
Fucking Jamie Benn's like, fucking Maroon.
You'd think they would sign me by now.
Jesus.
Yeah, money talks.
USA, you're a gold three for three, brother.
I know. The first ever.
I love it.
Are there any
differences between the two
teams when you look back on it, or is it
that kind of just stupid question?
It's kind
of like the biz question.
What do you mean? Winning at different years
and how was was experienced?
Was that bad?
Was that a bad one?
I try to ask questions that certain fans would want to know.
All right, fine.
Like, have you butt-chugged a bottle of wine yet?
I don't know.
Like, what do you want me to ask you?
Honk and pink Whitney.
Yeah.
No, I mean, no.
I mean, obviously two different storylines right um
last year was you know last place to first place we were more of a grind you exhaust you down
underdogs probably shouldn't have won the stanley cup you know, Boston might outplayed us in the first 10 minutes
or 15 minutes of game seven.
Like, but we found ways to chip away, chip away.
We had goaltending.
This year, COVID hit.
You're in a bubble.
You don't have family around.
We have a skilled team, but we can also grind you down low
and make you guys tired.
And we adapted to that role you know you know it's a good sign when one of your leaders is kucherov and telling
you to dump the puck in uh and obviously he's the east he's the kind of uh he's like you would
have loved me he would have loved you no i mean he was coming back to the bench telling guys to
get pucks in don't turn pucks over, you know, get it low.
It works.
It works.
So when you got a guy like that speaking up and taking a whole new role,
the leadership, I mean, it's amazing.
I thought we had four lines that played all four different kind of styles of play,
but it can hurt you below the top of the circles too.
And I thought our defensemen, I thought we had the best we have
the best defenseman on the team which Victor had been probably in the league doing something
doing something a lot of defense will probably never come close to doing uh you know Ryan
McDonough eating pucks in his face Luke Shen coming in fight Mark Matt Martin uh Bogle coming in. I mean, Shad and Kurt.
Sergachev took a whole new step.
So, I mean, Tampa does have the best goalie.
So, I mean, it was totally two different things.
But, I mean, it was two unbelievable runs that I will never forget.
You know, I just keep being part of history, which is fun.
Over under 91 million Ser Sergeyev career earnings.
I mean, it looks so easy for him.
He's got to get paid this year.
It's like this guy, how old is he, 20?
He's a hell of a player.
I don't know what you guys, he's just, I mean,
he's got to be getting paid 8 million a year next year, no?
His birth certificate says 20.
We're not exactly sure of some of the time with these guys.
Yeah, but I mean.
So 40.
He's going to be like Markov hacking darts in the fucking, in the shower soon.
He's like, pay me my money.
He's got to get a colonoscopy in the third year of his
next deal those russians are having a time right now oh yeah it's been great speaking of i feel
like vasilevsky got a little overshadowed i had him as the early clubhouse leader for one of the
consmith and then it's not that he did anything wrong it's just that you know kucherov point
headman played so good.
But talk about how steady he was during the whole duration of the playoffs.
If he had a bad game, I didn't see it, Pat.
Yeah, I mean, that's why he's the top goalie in the league.
That's why he's up for the Vezina every year.
I mean, he's unbelievable.
And I think if you have a goalie like that on your team going into the playoffs,
I think you have a legit chance of winning every single year.
And that's why Tampa locked him up for so many years.
And that's why he's making 9 million.
You know, we felt confident.
I mean, the saves he was making during the Stanley Cup Finals was unbelievable.
I don't know if you saw that before that penalty in Game 6,
that skate save he made out of nowhere.
I mean, he made ridiculous saves,
and we felt confident with him in the back end of that every single game.
And I don't think I've seen him let up more than, you know,
four goals a game, you know, in the playoffs.
I mean, he did an amazing job.
I think someone else who's been overshadowed is probably the Tampa fans.
I know, you know, Miami, that's a different city, different area.
I sometimes think that Tampa Bay Lightning fans get maligned for no good reason.
What's the reception been like since you guys got back?
Obviously, I know there's a different world we're in,
but it seems like they've really taken to you guys this time.
No, it was.
I mean, our fans are great.
We sell at the Emerald Arena every single night. I mean, our fans are great. We sell it to Emerald Elite every single night.
I mean, it's packed every single night. But obviously, you guys saw during the bowl parade how packed it was.
So and, you know, people and Raymond James Stadium, too, and, you know, people outside of Raymond James.
I mean, I didn't realize how packed Tampa was. I don't realize how many Tampa fans were actually going to be there.
And I think they need to get all the respect because their fan base loves the
Lightning.
They're good every single year.
They put a team that can have a chance to win the cup every single year,
and that's why they sell out.
But, I mean, this place was  it was rocking during the parade for sure.
We had a blast.
Who was the drunkest guy on the team?
Like, it was Akuturov?
Excluding yourself.
Well, yeah.
You could handle it pretty good,
although you were telling everybody to turn their lightsabers on
or their flashlights at the
I wanted to be like a singer when they turned the lights on for the last saw.
You could see it.
Like a bono.
Did it land flat?
Did it land pretty flat?
I was going to sing Hootie the Blowfish, Love or Cry,
but there's not enough lights out there.
That's why.
You're like Elvis
at the very end when he was like 400.
They're like, holy shit, Maroon. but in his own head he thinks he's the guy from queen during the fucking london show
he's meatloaf um hey is anthony with you or what's what's your plan now are you going to
be sticking around tampa or what's the i'm in st now? Are you going to be sticking around Tampa or what's the. I'm in St.
Louis right now.
So, okay.
I didn't know you already back there.
So yeah, I'm back right now.
He was just in Nashville for a hockey tournament.
So he just did that.
So I went and saw him today.
So, you know, I'm getting tested for COVID tomorrow just because I don't
want to give my kid anything.
So I went and saw him real quick just to say hi.
And then he's's gonna come over
tomorrow i'm gonna take him to hockey and hang out so i just wanted to make sure i was in the
clear before anything happened i'm going to pinehurst so i gotta dial myself in here wait
when are you going i'm going there i'm going there in like 10 days you're after me i'm going to the
22nd to the 25th maybe i'll just stay the extra two weeks.
You might as well.
What's about this Pinehurst?
What's so special about Pinehurst?
I don't know.
Patty, have you been there?
I've never been.
I've heard nothing like it.
Yeah, Pinehurst is like, if you're a golf nerd, it's the best place in the world.
There's like 15 courses, it feels like, and they're all awesome to play.
It's like a little community
that's just basically all around golf and one of the courses is one of the best in the world so
you can go there with buddies you just get waffled play golf all day everything's right there walking
distance great hotel it's just it's it's one of the top spots in the country to go so it's
disneyland for golfers yeah exactly exactly i mean like single guys don't
single guys don't necessarily love it there's zero nightlife but if you're playing 36 every day like
i don't care i'm not going on why pat do you want to you want a piece of us in the fucking sandbag
is that why you're asking uh i have a couple beautiful courses here in st louis all right
we'll fly out there who do who who you to get as a partner? I'll get whoever
you want.
All right.
We'll hold you to that.
We'll put you with Jansen.
I'd love to see that guy. No, we're not doing that.
Yes, that's it. That's what
we're doing. That's it. And he's going to
eat a golf club on the third hole.
Like golf
with a blue- a blue task.
I would love to see that guy at a fucking golf course.
Imagine giving him an exploding ball, dude.
He'd fight you if he found out it was you that put it on the tee.
We're in a charity golf tournament.
You'll love this.
And we're all not kind of paying attention.
He's up first and we see his ball.
It's like up high a little bit.
We're like, what the fuck is this guy doing?
He put a tee down in the middle of the fairway to hit his ball.
He thought that's what you did.
No word of a lie.
Oh, my God.
Jansen is the definition of the guy who tries to swing just way too hard.
There's only one reason to play with that guy if you just want to get crippled yeah yeah he doesn't exactly live that country club lifestyle he doesn't know what a
country club is yeah he makes al chervik look like an opalma unbelievable we he actually just
posted a fight the other day of uh inside the windsor arena forget the name of it, but like the old school one.
And he was fighting the captain for the London Knights.
And we talked about it before.
This guy used to bark on the ice like a dog.
He would chase guys around on the forecheck barking like a dog.
What was his name?
Thompson?
Was it Thompson?
No, Bois.
Danny Bois.
It was a good fucking scrap.
He's always posting his scraps.
He always had some...
I think that's when he's on the juice.
He's beating the wheels off everyone.
He's such a caveman. I love him.
I don't know if he could handle a Stanbagger, though.
He's the guy who shows up to a country club
on a Harley, asks if he can use the bathroom
to take a shit.
They're like,
no, sir.
He suckers the guy.
Did you guys beat my boy Wags?
Did you guys whoop his ass? We don't talk about that on here.
We can't release the results of what happened
because we've got to wait for the video to drop.
Wow.
Wags actually spoke a couple times, though, on the camera.
It was crazy.
Shocker.
Patty, there's some rumors going around that you and fergie might be teaming up uh to do a duet uh online sometime soon uh after
the photo of you has gone viral i don't know if you had a bathing suit on or what the situation
was with that little drip injection below the waist okay if anyone has some common sense in the world
i was pouring beard on my face and guys are saying i pissed myself typical barstool
want to get their name out there you know hey blame your boy blame your boy yp he spread it
i'm blaming him for sure.
No, I mean, it is what it is.
I mean, there's nothing I can do about it.
You know, good content, you know, whatever.
I'll tell you this.
If I won a cup just for the rise,
if there was a whole crowd in the Bay Area there,
I might piss myself for a rise.
You should have just rolled with it.
Like, anything you do at that moment
will be funny and you pissed yourself and then like it's resorted back to the billy madison's
part and i mean i think that's pretty that's pretty cool it doesn't help that your kid's 12
and you can see that too either oh yeah that might suck yeah hey what's your dad do he's a lawyer
what's your dad do i pisseses himself in the Stanley Cup celebration?
So I'm watching the game with Jens, game six,
and some guys are still on the ice.
Some guys are back in the room.
Everyone's full gear on besides gloves and helmet.
You were done.
You were out of the uniform so quick.
You just want to get that all off?
Yeah, it's fucking disgusting.
Like, I want to put the shirt on.
Why do I want my skates to get ruined? You know, I'm the guy that collects everything in the locker i'm like packing shit up i'm like i
like saving shit i didn't want nothing to get ruined you know i'm mark you're stealing kucherov
skate yeah sell it yeah well last year i fucked up i had my gear on i everything got lost i lost
my jersey i finally found it. I lost everything.
So I was like, okay, here's what I'm going to do this year.
I'm just going to take everything off and put it somewhere else.
And that's what I did.
Patty's hitting up the stick rack, not even celebrating with the cup,
just like starting his own.
Hey, you could plug your eBay account for the Kucherov sticks or something.
Game use, third period to seal the deal.
We'll start the bidding.
We'll get it up on the Barstool store for you.
Hey, let's do it.
We'll make some money off it.
Holy shit, boys.
So what's next?
I know summertime, typically guys take off, go somewhere.
You're just going to hang low in St. Louis.
I know Americans are limited in where they can travel,
but what are you just going to do now?
Decompress a little more?
Sell you at home or what?
Yeah, I'm going to decompress.
Like I said, I got a wedding coming up on October 30th,
so I got to get ready for that.
I got to get dialed in for the old lady.
And then I got Pinehurst coming up.
And then I'm just going to hang out with my son.
So I've never been home for the winter to actually see him play hockey.
Obviously when he was playing last, last year he played AAA.
So I didn't get to really see him much a little bit, you know,
unless he played in town. So now I'm going to go travel with him.
So he's got some games in Detroit, Milwaukee, Indianapolis.
So he's got a couple of tournaments I get to go chicago i'm gonna go take him up there
and just watch him you know play so i can't wait for that so that's gonna be fun and i have to
dial it back in so i don't know when we're gonna start so probably start working out here soon and
get me ready for next year pat do you think you end up back in tampa or are you hoping that i mean
i know i know you deserve a bit of a paidday and, you know, term means everything now.
What are you thinking?
Yeah, I mean, I'm not asking for much now because I know kind of where I'm at in my
career and what kind of role I can take on.
I think I can take on a fourth line, good role, you know, bring a locker room together,
you know, play in the second PP if you need me.
If you need me to move up and down the lineup, I can.
I mean,
a couple years would be nice,
but you can't
really...
I don't know.
What am I trying to say?
Good fucking English there, buddy.
I know.
Fuck you, I get two cups pay me
yeah
you peasant you pigeon
was that question not good enough
for you either or what
no that was good no I was just trying to figure out what I wanted to say
there and I stumbled up there
I think you got the point across
though you know your role but you also know
you can help a team win I think any team
that's thinking of trying to win a cup I mean tampa literally looked at how st louis did it
how they lost to columbus and figured they needed a to get heavier guy like you that could really
play physical it was it's it the game is it's all it's it's it's speed but it's not all speed
we needed the guy who's going to well to to willing to urinate himself at the parade in
order to get us over where'd you get that Bud Light Stanley Cup? Who chucked you that thing?
That was on our
boat. The owner of the boat
brought it there. He put
it on our boat and then we just partied
with it. It was unbelievable because
I always see the Cubs and
Stammer had his boat
and I think Shetter was in his boat
and once we saw that
thing, that thing was unbelievable.
I think the fans were enjoying that more than the real Stanley Cup.
And it was the perfect timing, I guess,
me being a huge partier during the cup parades.
It worked out great.
It's funny.
You and McDonald looked like you could be staring off at a concert,
just waffled.
American flag, just waffled.
American flag, just proud Americans watching, like, CCR perform in the 70s.
Oh, it was unbelievable.
And you guys know how Macker is. Like, he's quiet, doesn't really say much, and then he came out of his shell.
I'm so happy he came out.
Like, people were able to see his personality a little bit.
It was great.
Like you said, we were waffled.
We couldn't even.
Last I saw on Instagram, you were pouring beer in people's faces,
and they were loving it.
They were keeping the cans as souvenirs.
Not in their mouths, on their faces.
Oh, God.
I mean, that's what we're supposed to do, though.
I know it's COVID. Oh, yeah, is that it? Oh, I don't give a that's what we're supposed to do, though. You know, I know it's COVID.
Oh, yeah.
Is that it?
Oh, I don't give a shit.
You guys have fun.
You guys were drunk.
You guys, I mean, fuck, the fans are loving it, man.
And anytime, you know how it is.
Like, you see anyone.
Spit in my mouth.
Spit in my mouth.
The Cooch video.
T-bag me.
Please, just T-bag me.
Isn't Cooch saying there's no rules tonight or something
there's no rules tonight he was well there's never any rules people are people are kissing
him he's like there's no rules tonight i mean that was he's telling you guys he's like see it
should always be like this and you're like no no no we're like we need some law and order pal let's
say we'll get the ak-47 as the MVP thing of the game,
but that's as far as we're bringing it.
I mean, yeah.
I mean, I think the best part is that boat parade.
I don't know how you guys  did you guys watch it on TV
or did you guys just get live feed?
I just watched Twitter.
I just watched Twitter, the videos.
I told Kalorn, somebody sent me a video of Joseph pulling the trigger
behind some hotel.
It's great.
You know when you just get the finger so deep,
and then you rip it out because you think you're going to puke,
but you can't.
Yeah, you go back in with the finger.
Somebody caught that paparazzi style?
Oh, yeah.
It's some guy in an office.
He's like, oh, yeah, come on, buddy.
Get it done.
Oh, there it is.
Did he have
any idea who he was or was it just like
he saw this guy? He had a Lakers jersey on.
So, like, I think the guy must have seen
him earlier. He had some jersey on.
Oh, I'm hilarious.
Biz, you cut out there. I couldn't hear you.
Pay your Wi-Fi bill, for Christ's sake.
That's a you problem. Stop taking team
friendly deals and pay your fucking Wi-Fi.
I'm in the basement.
You're in the wires because you made fun of his golf game.
Oh, Patty, dude, this is good to catch up, man.
We saw you in St. Louis at the All-Star break,
and now we get to see you as another cup champ.
Really happy for you, dude.
Thanks.
I appreciate it.
You guys are funnier than hell.
I love coming on
huge thanks to our buddy
Pat Maroon for joining us on
such short notice I mean obviously
he's been having a lot of fun celebrating his
second cup in as many years so
we appreciate him making a few minutes
for us to talk to us he's always entertaining
Biz no doubt
oh that was great towards the end the scale off
him and Ovi battling it out.
That's hilarious.
I'm sure there's a lot of other bubble stories that we're not going to be
privy to, but that went down.
So pretty funny stuff if you want to let your imagination run wild.
Anyways, hey, the playoffs didn't last as long as possible,
and I'm sure some of our listeners can relate because most guys have tried
different ways to last longer,
but thinking about NFL scores and over-unders doesn't always work.
Well, the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting.
And the best part, they don't require a prescription.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging.
And each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet
for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet,
swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to go.
That's it.
So go to Get get roman.com
slash chicklets and you can get your first month of swipes for just five dollars when you choose
a monthly plan that's get roman.com slash chicklets there's lots of news it's like a it's
like a dick chew you just unwrap it and then you put tuck it in your foreskin and then you let it
soak in for about an hour and then you crank her up and give the old lady a show yeah go
silk de soleil style off the top how long do you have to let it sit in there can uh yeah go
like seven minutes like a normal chew okay i think like like 30 minutes just let the let the
nicotine get in there i think this case is roman swipe know, if you're, if you're an unselfish lover and you know,
if you do happen to have a premature situation,
just don't leave the lady hanging or your partner hanging, you know what I
mean? You know, sometimes things happen,
but you always want to make sure you take advantage of the other side or,
or wipe it on your tongue and just give her the old, give her the,
you're like the dad from outside Providence.
I didn't even say American Pie.
No, fuck.
Either way.
That guy's a man.
Either way, I take it.
Well, Biz, like I said, lots of news out in the desert this week.
Arizona defenseman Oliver Ekman Larson has been popping up quite a bit
in trade rumors.
Vancouver and Boston are hot on this trail.
The 29-year-old left-shot defenseman has seven years left on a deal
that pays him 8.25 million a year.
Arizona will probably need to retain contract or maybe take a deal back.
What's your speculation on this one, Paulie?
Well, it's tricky because he has a big no-trade list,
and I think only a few teams that are on the teams that he can move to
are interested, one being Vancouver, one being Boston.
But I think in the situation of knowing that he has this list,
some teams may not be offering what the Coyotes just think is fair,
at least up until this point.
But it makes it trickier, right, because he's got all the control
as far as saying, like, well, I would consider these two teams,
and I'd be
lying if I couldn't see him fitting in in Vancouver better I think I think what's difficult about this
is all of a sudden if you go to Boston you're automatically given what you're what you're being
paid and the fact that you're replacing Krug and he's fairly beloved you're going to be held to a
pretty goddamn high standard moving in there with as that number one deep position especially i'd imagine he's going to be making more than
mcavoy that's a lot of pressure is it not yeah uh but the thing is no matter who gets him i think
ra is right i don't think they'll be able to take the full deal so the the i don't know if the
pressure is because he won't be like a an 8.2 cap hit for whoever he goes. And I don't mean to keep talking over you,
but I think it came out that he said those are the only two teams he'd go to.
It was him who said just Boston or Van.
Right.
And, yeah, I'm not sure if that list exists or like you're saying,
he's like these are the teams that I would be willing to.
And there was more than just the two.
And then only two of them the ones we mentioned are willing to to talk and consider possibly so i
don't really know that much in depth it could already be written out there you know me i'm not
the one to be snooping around asking questions you never start room no so elliot reported that
it was he said only boston or vancouver and the thing about the thing what the thing about Van is  so they  all right, they have
I think they got three  they got Toffoli, Markstrom, and Tanev UFA.
Now, you know, if they got him in,
obviously I don't think they'd re-sign Chris Tanev,
but he's huge in that room.
The guys love him.
And then Vertanen's RFA.
And then Patterson and Hughes are coming up.
And then they also  like the problem for them is they got two more years
of that 3 million cap hit from the Luongo recapture retirement.
So I don't know if they can make that work depending on how much money Arizona
I would imagine
Now my question for you though, Biz, hold on.
Yep.
Because I actually got asked this by a diehard Bruins fan.
Because you hear his name, it's exciting to get a guy possibly on your team.
Is he still that good?
Okay.
Is he still
Wow.
That's a very fair question.
And I want you to consider the fact that I'm very close with Oliver.
I saw him come into the league.
I saw him blossom as this unbelievable defenseman.
I've seen a guy who the losing gets to you
a little bit. And sometimes
that could weigh a lot. Has he played
up to worth eight and a
quarter this past season?
No. Do I think that
if he goes to another team where he's
a significant piece, but
where there's other pieces around?
And another thing too is
and that's why the Edmonton rumors,
or at least at some point those negotiations were going through,
but Oliver said that Edmonton was not one of the teams he was going to go to.
And I was personally shocked because Dave Tippett was the coach in Arizona
when he came in and Tippett knows how to rise his stars.
He knows how to make him feel like like you said
you're my guy you're controlling the game and when he gave that to Oliver hey to the point here and
this kind of gets overshadowed a little bit because at until Oliver had blossomed into what
he did it seemed like they picked Oliver to be that guy over Yans and they ended up trading Yans
and that was a that was a character piece in our locker room. So there was a lot of belief in Oliver and he kept scaling up,
scaling up consistent. Keep in mind, I think he had five seasons in a row.
Maybe I'm even undershadowing it.
Maybe it's seven season in a row of double digits and goals,
two seasons back to back in which he had 20 goals as a defenseman.
Like this guy was like,
so I think being in that winning culture will
elevate his play but I get where people are saying oof given the salary cap now like and this guy
might be on the decline we haven't really seen as much out of him and if anything a slight regression
over the last two years fair that's a fair assessment of it. But, you know, I think a change of scenery is exactly what he needs right now.
And if they're willing to retain a little bit of the salary,
yes, I think it's going to happen.
I just don't know what the deal is right now on the table,
and I wouldn't be surprised if he did get traded.
Yeah, it seems almost like a foregone conclusion at this point.
And also from the the desert the yotes
made it official and named it daryl plendowski as the team's new director of amateur scouting
uh he'll bring a little winning pedigree with him busy he's coming over from tampa so
bring a little uh championship pedigree which always helps and uh also arizona has also said
goodbye to forward michael grabner uh after two in the desert, the team waived him for the purpose of buying him out
for the last year of his deal.
He was due 3.35 million for next season,
but instead he'll get a little over 2.5 million for the next two years.
The Yotes will have cap hits of 833,000 and 1.258 million for the next two seasons.
Grabner was only able to play 41 games last season
due to that ugly eye injury he suffered.
But he's still only 33.
Actually, he turns 33 today, Monday.
He still has some wheels.
He can still help a team's penalty killing.
So I would imagine he'd latch on somewhere else after this.
And the Yotes right now have about 3.6 in cap space.
So they need to shed some salary.
But Grabner, great veteran, Biz, right?
Awesome.
Guys loved him on the team.
He was questionable on whether he was even going to go to the bubble this year,
and he went there and he overperformed beyond expectations,
especially given that when he got that high stick in the eye,
I don't think he's been the same as far as vision.
I know he wears a tinted visor now.
It affected his game,
but he was able to really put it together.
And I don't know if that's the reason
why they saw him as the guy
where they could do that,
but I hope he ends up somewhere happy.
And I think he's definitely got some game left.
So, and just going back to them,
adding these pieces in the brass section,
general manager, scouting, wherever it is,
saxophone, saxophone.
There's if there's one way this organization is going to get back to winning,
it's drafting and developing property and properly, excuse me.
And you look at the GM situation and how,
how well they did it at it by getting good assets in later rounds with St.
Louis. Now you got a guy who who's with Tampa and that speaks for itself.
So they're starting to bring in some winning predigree and that's drafting
and developing is where it begins.
It's where it begins.
Let's go here.
Coyotes are fucking rolling, baby.
All right.
A few more notes here.
The stars signed defenseman, Andre Sicarra to a two year,
3 million deal.
The Stars signed defenseman Andre Secarra to a two-year, 3 million deal.
The 34-year-old will carry a 1.5 million annual cap hit slash AAV.
Two goals and six assists in 57 games last year.
He signed a one-year deal with the Stars last summer,
and he was a very nice veteran presence for them.
This is a guy who kills penalties, blocks shots, does all those little things.
I think we saw them in Dallas' cup run. He's not a guy who's going to score a ton of goals, set up guys,
but he does all those little things you need to do in order to be a cup contender.
Yeah, very smart player.
And I think that his play throughout the run to the finals
is probably what gets him this deal because he shows he can still make
the simple play, he can still be, you know, I don't think necessarily top four,
but in your top six for sure, he can play, he can still be you know i don't think necessarily top four but in in
your top six for sure he could play he can help out all over the ice so i think you can really
play him up or down you know you play him top pair if a guy goes hurt if a guy gets hurt but
more than anything it was his play that really made him deserve this deal and and i think dallas
is happy to give it to him because you get a guy like that for one and a half you'll take it he's
been around the league a long time he knows what it takes and he was able to give it to him because you get a guy like that for one and a half, you'll take it. He's been around the league a long time.
He knows what it takes and he was able to perform at his best throat,
you know, that entire run.
Absolutely. Hey, absolutely guys.
Yeah. Money, money well spent, you know, you're going to get for it.
Also the Blackhawks traded defenseman,
Oli Mata to LA for forward Brad Morrison.
The 26 year old Mata has two years left
on his deal that pays just over 4 million. Due to a prior retained salary, the Kings only have
actually have to pay him 3.3 million in actual dollars. Of course, he was on a pair of cup winners
in Pittsburgh. Morrison is a 23-year-old forward who has taken the fourth round of the 2015 draft.
He has yet to play in the NHL.
This appears to be a cap shedding move for the Blackhawks.
They do have a handful of RFAs to get to Kubelik, Strom, Kajula,
Kuku, Kachu, Subin, and a little over 11 million in cap space.
So again, this seems more like a salary dump than anything else.
And finally, one last deal here. The Senators obtained defenseman Josh Brown from Florida for a fourth
rounder. The 26-year-old
defensive D-man played 56
games last year, but he also played for Coach
D.J. Smith back with the Generals
when they won a Memorial Cup in 2015.
He is scheduled to be RFA,
but presumably Ottawa will
sign him. We'll obviously keep
tabs on that. Damn, D.J.'s loyal.
He's just bringing on all his old boys.
He got Scotty Sabrin there.
Soldiers.
Played his first game, scored.
He's loyal to his dogs.
Hey, boys, you guys know the stress of daily life weighs on all of us,
whether you're an elite athlete like yourself
or just a regular schlub like myself.
You're just trying to get through the day.
Muscle pain, muscle tension, it's a real thing.
And that's why we all use Theragun, the handheld percussive therapy device that releases your deepest muscle tension using a scientifically calibrated combination of depth, speed, and power.
And now, and as quiet as an electric toothbrush.
That's because the all-new Generation 4 Theragun has a proprietary brushless motor that's so quiet you'll wonder if it's even on
while you soothe your aching muscles with Theragun's signature power,
amplitude, and effectiveness.
Guys, I'll tell you, you two.
It's the best.
I tell you, we're like two old divorcees playing with this thing in the bedroom
up in Boston for a little while.
I had to check in on you.
I get it in all the areas that hurt.
I'll tell you, I get it in the hips.
I get it in the shoulders.
There's so many different attachments you can use with the Theragun, too.
You can get in different areas, smaller, bigger.
You need this shit as you get older.
There's zero chance my wife would give me a massage.
I rub her feet
all the time whenever she asks i'm gonna give great foot rubs watching tv but no chance she
gave me a massage but now i get on my stomach there she theraguns me i'm like don't forget
about my cornhole but she knows exactly she doesn't have to put in the effort she just
to hold it and go up and down get my ham bones my ham hocks my how long do you make her do it
how long i'm like i'm like i'm like
please just give me 10 minutes and like at like seven minutes she's like all right so i get seven
out of it yeah you gotta teach like double the length i give her most of the time and uh well
unless i get my roman oh they're unbelievable i love those things like you said digging them in
the hips i don't know if it's because we played hockey all those years, but I feel like Ryan Kessler, like I need that metal hip joint,
for crying out loud.
Fucking things are locked up, but the Theragun helps out big time.
Well, Biz, you can try Theragun for 30 days.
There is no substitute for the Theragun Generation 4
with an OLED screen, personalized Theragun app,
and the quiet and power you need.
Starting at only 199,
go to theragun.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, right now, and get your Generation 4 Theragun today. That's right, today. That's Theragun, T-H-E-R-A-G-U-N.com slash chicklets.
One more time for the people in the back.
Theragun.com slash chicklets.
Honestly, you guys were playing with that all week.
I had a knock on the door before I came in.
You guys were having so much fun with it.
And even a slob like me, man, it does help, man.
If you saw a back muscle from watching too much Netflix or something, boom,
jump that right on and digs that knot right on.
Or your big toe when you get gout in two weeks from crushing all that seafood.
Isn't gout the red  isn't it the red meat, red wine disease?
Yeah, it's a disease.
I think it's really rich foods.
Rich man's disease.
And I've been avoiding  not avoiding red wine,
but I haven't been drinking red wine.
Yeah, I think as long as I'm not drinking red wine, I'll be fine with the goat.
I'm going to keep pounding clams and swordfish and fucking calamari and
whatever else.
All right. Playoffs are over. Are you, are you cutting your, your flow or?
Well, my time, I saw that picture Grinnelli sent to us.
You look fresh on the ice at the garden, dude.
Oh, when I had the, when you were interviewing Maroon back in
like what's going on with that flow out of the hat?
You know what?
Like I said, it's like cosplay right now.
It's like I haven't had hair like legit in so long.
But you don't have hair.
Well, I mean I do.
I mean I don't have it on the top, but I have it like
You make a good point.
He doesn't have hair on the top you have an
emotional attachment to your salad right now i know it's kind of like honestly my hair's been
like a metaphor for the like the world the planet everything's just so fucked up right now it's like
my hair is just like a mess too so it's like kind of a metaphor you have not taken a hat off in
public um yeah i mean it looked well obviously I told you, it looks like shit when I
take it off, but I mean, like, look at this.
It looks pretty nice.
It is actually not bad.
You and Grinnelli are running.
You're such a pussy. You're just afraid
to chirp RA right now.
You love his
hair look right now. I think he looks fresh when
he goes bald on the top.
Right. I think there's something humorous about a man having a skullet. I don't know. hair look right now i think he looks fresh when he goes bald bald on the top right i think i think
there's something humorous about a man having a skullet i don't know like i if we're if we're
talking about from the humorous standpoint of it and the fact that every time he hops on i'm like
look at this fucking clown i love it yeah i don't care you know if you want you like the clean
shaven ra uh i just actually forgot. The picture Mikey sent us of RA
interviewing Maroon. I was like,
holy shit, I didn't even recognize you.
It'd be fun if you went and did
a rat tail like I had when I was in school.
Remember how I talked about
the thing on the bottom?
I'm just having fun. I mean, I have
said, oh, it might be a Halloween thing.
Obviously, it's very doubtful
I'm going to be having a Halloween party or going to
a Halloween party. That was sort of my
excuse, but I don't know, man.
It's just like, when the fuck am I ever going to blow my
hair out like this again? I'll
shave it at some point, but right now, it's
fun, man. I don't know. As long as I have a hat on.
Girls just want to have fun.
I literally never had my hair this long when I grew here.
Hey, so one
thing we didn't talk about when we talked about my hairdos
is this one time that I got braids. Did I mention
that a few episodes later? And I sent you the picture
with. Did I not?
All right, you should do braids with the bottom
part.
That would be good. That would be nice
for the boys. Are you a team player
or not? Oh, I'm a total team player.
I think I proved that for the last four years.
But where would I do braids?
In the back?
The whole thing.
The braid skullet. It's too bad because
when I put the hat on, actually,
it does. It looks alright.
As long as I don't look like one of those idiots from the mid-90s
who look like he was at a Dave Madden's concert
or one of those mushroom hairdos,
those are the fucking worst.
Oh, I know the haircut you're talking about. That Nordiques hat looks like it's brand new too like you've kept that thing fresh kept
that thing clean throughout this run absolutely and the best way to clean hats i've given this
advice on the show before you take your hat into the shower with you you don't put in the dishwasher
you don't put in the sink i know everyone has that you put it you wear it in the shower and you soap it up like you would your head and you clean the inside and you come out
and you air dry it and the hat looks almost brand new that's i've given that advice numerous times
don't i know everyone says oh they have those like devices you put your hat in the dishwasher
or what that's too rough that rattles it around If you literally wear your hat in the sink, in the shower, I'm sorry,
just soap it up like you would your hair, come out, dry it,
and the thing looks perfect.
This thing is, you know.
A little R.A. life hack, cheat code.
Life hack.
Speaking of life hacks,
players in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League are going to have to figure
out some new life hacks biz.
The league has instituted new rules regarding fighting, and they're pretty strict.
Quebec Junior Education Minister Isabelle Charest had threatened to hold up to 20 million in government relief funding
unless fighting was penalized more strictly.
And now players in a fight will receive not only the five-minute major,
they're going to get a 10-minute misconduct as well, and players face a suspension after three fights in a fight will receive not only the five-minute major, they're going to get a 10-minute misconduct as well,
and players face a suspension after three fights in the season.
You know, I understand hockey's changed and concussions we know more about
and fighting we know more about, but I don't know.
I don't know about withholding government funds until you change the rules.
It feels way too big brothery.
Also, what kind of precedent is this going to set with other leagues?
Well, if you guys don't do this, you're not going to get the money.
I'm not a fan of it.
Not so much that I understand you don't want 16-year-old kids
punching the fuck out of each other.
But to do it in this way feels kind of weird.
Let's go to you, Biz, first.
I don't know.
I'm trying to understand know i'm trying to
understand it all move to the way society in general is moving and being more aware of
you know all the hand injuries and and so on and so forth but jesus christ like where does it end
if this is where it is now like what are they going to be asking for next time like i think
that hockey is still relevant in in the sport of. I think it needs to be in there.
Fighting, I think you meant.
Fighting, you meant.
What did I say, hitting?
You just said hockey is still relevant with hockey.
Oh, geez.
Well, that was dumb.
I hope so.
But I think everybody knows what I meant when I was saying that.
Sorry, it's been a long pod here.
No, I did, but I just  you know what?
People are listening to him, you fucking idiot.
But I'm like, no, guys, he knows what he said.
I'm just reminding you.
No, no, I appreciate you correcting me. A a little brain glitch there but i think it's still relevant
and i don't know maybe at that young age they're trying to get it out because you know you don't
want young kids at 16 years old because fuck i was fighting grown men i fought you know a couple
kids my first year junior and i was 16 that were 20 years old and i understand that that could be
hard but i don't know i just i grew up a little bit differently and my opinion is on it
that it's going a little too far i think it's a little fucking soft yeah i i've just it's very
surprising to think about junior major junior without fighting especially the quebec league
used to have some heavyweights in that league the the thing is true, though, R.A., like, why can't that be up to the league to decide?
When the government's getting involved,
it's so odd.
And all of a sudden,
they can't get certain things
until they make changes you want.
Like, okay, well,
is this even like a privately run league anymore?
It doesn't make any sense to me.
There's arguments to both sides,
but, I mean, you don't have to fight, right?
Just because it's there, it's part of the sport.
I mean, a lot of these kids are going to the next level,
whether it's the NHL, I don't know, but the AHL and stuff like that,
you've got to know how to protect yourself.
So it's different to think of a league that at some point
could be completely done with fighting similar way colleges.
Yeah, yeah.
I just don't like the whole like dangle
the carrot like do this so you can get that yeah they're two unrelated things i understand not
wanting teenage kids to fight but i don't know if that's the way to do it um sunday morning lots
of gg specials were getting made out there maybe it was the popular the video that um buddy uh
chase and grailey dropped but a whole bunch of Jeezy specials getting made.
A lot of people are digging the sandwich out there.
Hey, I will say that the vast majority of people love that sandwich.
Actually, every tweet I see is people saying the sandwich is unreal with a picture.
I've always said I just don't like cream cheese.
I mean, the jelly and the bacon whatever but
i could do i could probably do a sesame bagel with jelly and and bacon and enjoy it because i like
anything bacon it was the cream cheese i always shit on that was the trash bucket part of the
trash bucket sandwich are you a mayo fan uh male mayo oh i think mayo is the most disgusting thing
in the world if you i actually couldn't watch a
video there was a video of my room in barstool of girl like drinking mayo i could have thrown up i
think oh swipe swipe away they have seen this documentary the social dilemma yes it's unbelievable
have we not talked about that yet no i i just walked downstairs and she was watching it and i
was like oh i watched she was telling me, what is this?
Social Dumbest.
What it's about.
She said, how much of a joke social media is.
And I said, oh, I'm going to watch it when we're done.
I randomly just thought of it.
You know what?
We'll watch it tonight and we'll talk about it next episode.
Because we've already gone much longer than we needed to.
And I think it would be.
Go ahead, Biz.
I thought I could have sworn we talked about it.
Because Mike Commodore tweeted about it. he's been watching I've already seen it
have you not watched it in full um wit I haven't seen it at all oh okay so all
right I thought I thought when you walked by and you you kind of got
stopped it was right after we we talked to
so I just went downstairs to grab a a beer
yeah it's a very very serious issue very serious issue. And it opened my eyes
to a few things. It's fucking wild.
Absolutely.
I had
the same pair of Van A sunglasses
I brought on that boat trip. I lost
them down there. I wasn't even drunk.
I took them out. So if anyone down
Provincetown finds a 30-year-old pair
of Van A sunglasses... I'm out of here.
Fuck off. That's the end. See you
guys. One
thing we do got to plug is the merch and
it's all going to charity. I don't know if we've already
mentioned. So the Pink Whitney merch right now
it's on sale. Who are we teaming up
with in order to donate 100
of net proceeds go to Grinnelli?
It's Pink Whitney merch and
Spittin' Chicklets merch. We have all
pink. It's going to the Roots and Wings Charitable Foundation.
So support breast cancer and try to do our part here.
We raised a lot of money last year, and we hope to raise more this year.
All righty.
Let's do it.
Let's attack that this year.
And I think that they came out great too, Mikey.
So great work.
And that is an awesome charity.
Please check it out.
And Thursday is going to be the last time that we're coming at you twice a week for at least a little bit here, guys.
So enjoy the two a week, and then we'll be back down to one.
Peace.
As always, we'd like to send a huge thanks to our sponsors here at
Spittin' Chicklets.
Big thanks to everybody at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to everybody over at Whoop for taking care of our fitness.
Huge thanks to everybody at Cross Country Mortgage for taking care of everybody refinancing
or taking out their first mortgage.
Big thanks to Muggsy for keeping us nice and comfy.
Huge thanks to everybody at Roman.
The fellas, thank you.
And a big thanks to everybody over at Theragun
for keeping us nice and comfy.
Have a great week, all. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet vibration.
It's such a good vibration.
It's such a sweet vibration.
