Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 304 of Spitting Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka,
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
It's Halloween week, Halloween weekend here.
We got some tricks, we got some treats,
but let's first say hi to a couple of goblins.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, any plans for the big weekend?
I know COVID's ruined it for everybody, but anything shaking?
No specific plans.
Halloween this weekend.
I knew Biz was glowing a little extra today.
R.A., you, on the other hand, you promised us a good Halloween costume
because you got the long hair.
So I'm excited to see your Instagram and Twitter this weekend.
That's right.
You did promise us that.
I don't have any parties to go to.
It was more of a...
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't try to get out of this. I don't have any parties to go to. I was, it was. Oh, whoa, whoa.
Don't try to get out of this.
I haven't been introduced yet, but don't even begin.
This is too early.
You, this was all themed towards the Halloween.
Hey, we'll do it.
We'll do a Zoom Halloween party with all our Chicklets fans
and RA's going to host it.
All of a sudden.
I would actually love that.
Hey, all of a sudden, the big guy with the big hose from all of quarantine just i would actually love that hey all of a sudden the big guy with the big
hose from all of uh quarantine just pops into the zoom like someone's involved
oh the guy who got mean what's his name uh guy who got barry with the player predictions
i love barry r.i.p barry love you and i actually did go go down the basement today because i i
i moved some pictures recently so i knew where they were and i dug through and found a couple of our old halloween costumes i sent to the boys maybe we
can spit them out on the instagram a little later but let's say hi to paul biz nasty bisonette what's
up guy me before wet guys i'm the coolest guy one day of the year and it's halloween because of my
fucking scarecrow tattoos so i hope i get a lot of tweets about it pumping my tires about how amazing it is
free cover charge now let me give you a little bit of advice lay off the candy okay and that
might seem very simple off the hop here but it's leading into something so wit i go to the fucking
dentist last week was i a little bit behind because of covid and i didn't think putting
myself in that environment necessarily right away so i missed my like what do you do them every three months check up six months i think you
get your teeth cleaned okay well maybe check for cavities so i went about eight to nine months so
she goes looking around you know nothing out of the ordinary a few like oh like that was a little
sensitive here there well she proceeds to tell me i have 10 fucking cavities dude are you sure you want this out
there wasn't this 10 i know r.a what do you mean what do you mean buddy what do you brush your
teeth with diet coke and use licorice to floss if anybody knows me and watches me brush my teeth
i do it for about 10 fucking minutes it's crazy do you get every fucking tooth do you floss i floss with
those plastic things those things all right so so that's not how you're supposed to correctly floss
you got to use real floss um all right you're telling the plastic things fuck me for 10 cavities
yeah buddy i don't i'm using a G string biz.
Oh, fucking RAs plus one.
10 cavities.
RAs plus one out of the gate, second assist.
Oh, 10 cavities is maybe the trashiest thing you've ever told me about yourself.
Okay, so obviously my wheels are spinning. So then I get the like.
That's going to be a horrible couple days, man.
Okay, so then I get the bill and I see it's 2,500 bucks for, for future.
I haven't done this yet.
Right.
So then going down in biz nasties world.
Well, well, then I, I, I start, I'm like, should I go get a second opinion?
Like maybe they were a little slow.
They need a few extra funds.
And they're like, this guy's a fucking old hockey player.
Look at his nose.
Look at his greasy.
Look at him.
We can fucking sand like this guy is a fucking old hockey player look at his nose look at his greasy look at him we could fucking sandbag this guy so i think i almost have to go for a second opinion to hear
someone tell me i'm in the double digits for cavities considering i've went three months over
my last visit or or beyond and teen months dude like me or 23 like i think you're lying about the
last time you went and so that's the only explanation or
the guy got it completely wrong i was looking at somebody else's teeth x-rays well here's
okay so here's where you're wrong because my ex-girlfriend used to work at the place
okay so there was another theory but i'm not going into that they were probably using fluoride with
like acid in it once you can actually pressure okay so everyone's
probably having a good chuckle but there's no way this whatever now if in fact i go to someone
they're like yes you you do have 10 cavities it's it's you know it's it's remarkable what have you
been doing over quarantine to warrant 10 cavities and we recommend you start flossing with a g
string i said i said has it been ever been done in one sit and they're like
no no you can't do you can't do 10 one sit so if in fact i have 10 i think my punishment should be
to go back there and get all 10 in one sit they recommended five at most i thought i thought three
was kind of the max that's a yeah that's a long time i've had horrible work done with
dead serious right now and i'm having the
biggest chuckle about all this and this is my mouth we're talking about well dude your your
mouth is an absolute pigsty of a place and i and i can't believe that that's actually the news you
got imagine you go to the second opinion he's like you got 14 cavities you have to pull all your teeth and get dentures if the guy
goes up on the cavities well i'll be one step closer to have a nice teeth teeth like avery
so i mean i i don't know i i let's put up a poll what would be harder me accomplishing the tour de
france or me going 10 cavities in one sitting so listen i thought the boys would have a good
chuckle at my expense regarding that subject i mean am i embarrassed that i have 10 cavities in one sitting. So I thought the boys would have a good chuckle at my expense regarding that
subject.
I mean, am I embarrassed that I have 10 cavities?
Yeah, I am.
But I'm also embarrassed that I've shit in my pants before and even did it
as an adult in an airport.
I'm embarrassed about somebody else shitting my bed.
I'm embarrassed about a lot of things, but you guys are like my buddies.
So I feel like I got to share these things.
And also too busy.
I had like, I was starting to get a spot on my tooth.
Of course you get older, whatever, smoking, drinking tea, coffee for, for years, whatever. share these things and also too busy i i had like i was starting to get a spot on my tooth of course
you get older whatever smoking drinking tea coffee for years whatever you can actually
brush your teeth too hard and you can literally brush the enamel right off them which is what i
did i always thought bright hot brushing was better and you literally fucking take the enamel
right off so you they said sometimes you could just switch to your soft hand to brush or just
get an electric but you're telling me i've brushed 10 cavities onto my teeth.
No, I'm telling you I brushed the enamel off mine.
No, but it's a so.
So there's like four potential theories here.
But I mean, ultimately, I hope that I wasn't being sandbagged.
And that's actually what it costs to replace 10 cavities.
And it's not 14.
And I do it one sitting.
And we all have a big laugh about it if I make it through it.
Yeah, I had to get a root canal. and my guy, my guy couldn't do it.
So he had to refer, refer me to another guy.
These motherfuckers during a pandemic, I, you know,
when you get a medical bill, sometimes you'd put it off to the side.
It's not a credit card bill.
These motherfuckers after like a month sent me to a collection agency in the
middle.
Oh yeah.
Oh, they want, I was like, Oh, I paid that motherfucker in person want i was like oh for that come out oh i
paid that motherfucker in person i was like oh i know this isn't your call to the secretary i was
nice i says can you pass it up the ladder um it's absolutely ridiculous to put people's name to or
send a name to a credit agency like six you know during a six month eight month pandemic you don't
know what people's fucking financial situations were granted mine didn't change but that's besides the point we gotta give ra uh like a little one of those cams uh the gopros put on your forehead
for all these crazy interactions ra goes full karen a dentist i am i am interested to see what
you pull out of your uh pull out for a halloween ra because i i feel like that was a promise now
i feel like we should mention uh considering we're done having a little chuckle at my expense that um on sat on a sadder note we're not going to be talking for the
next month we're going on a full month hiatus although we will be rolling out some interviews
for you guys we have some great ones lined up uh g's gonna get mad at me because you're gonna be
bugging about it i thought we we got alex tuck he was awesome he was over an hour talked about
we went all over the place.
Today, we have a special guest, and I'll let you tee that up, R.A.
Well, of course.
We got to say hi to Whit, though.
I know he's been talking about it.
Oh, shit.
Sorry.
I got OCD, so I got to do this.
Oh, you didn't say hi to me.
Yeah.
I thought he was frozen.
No, only one who hasn't froze so far tonight.
No, I did say, Biz, from the top of the show, we have some treats for you,
and that means we get a huge guest tonight,
EP40 Elias Pettersson of the Vancouver Canucks.
We had a blast talking to this kid.
I mean, you know, I love when we get the Europeans.
It's just a different style about them, different swag or whatever.
I had a lot of fun talking to this kid.
Did you guys or not?
I had a blast.
This guy gave me the business too you'll
hear he had no he had no fear whatsoever and chirping me i respected the hell out of that
i also think that um he didn't know what was going on as he got in and you could tell he kind of
loosens up and then i really noticed he make the video i think will show his personality a little
more than maybe what you're about to hear but But the video will be on our Instagram and all that.
I just had a fun time because this is an interesting cat.
So we talked about a bunch of different things.
I think you'll enjoy.
Very interesting.
We'll get to that a little later.
But first, we're actually going to kick off a little baseball tonight.
I know that's not frequent on checklists, but the World Series, game six, Tuesday night.
I mean, I trash baseball all the time I goof on it but I love
the world series I still watch it we got a great game before that Tampa Bay won late
I've never seen anything this stupid in a lifetime of watching world series uh what's his name Kevin
Cash manager of Tampa he pulls Snell the guy gives up a second hit in the sixth inning five
and a third innings he's pitched 73 pitches pitches. He pulls the guy after giving up a single.
The next three bad is all
struck out twice that night. 0 for 6
with 6 Ks. And because of these
fucking analytics that drive me up a wall, that's
half the reason I hate fucking baseball.
Pulls the guy. Of course, Dodgers go up
2-1, end up winning 3-1, winning
the series. And yeah, obviously I have
a couple of fucking pesos on fucking Tampa
and I hate the Dodgers, but just an awful, awful managerial decision.
One of the worst.
I can't even remember.
Something is dumb.
And when you talk about how people reacted,
you can listen to fans and analysts after,
but the most amazing thing I saw was Alex Rodriguez and David Ortiz
were interviewing Bellinger.
Is it Cody?
Yeah. Cody Bounder. You think
that guy gets laid in LA?
Oh my God, that's for another story.
This guy's getting interviewed by
these two Hall of Famers, and they
asked him, I think it was A-Rod, said,
what was your thought when you saw that they were
pulling Snell, and he started laughing. He's like, Oh, thank God we finally had a chance. And then Mookie
said the same thing. Like when he got pulled, he's like, Oh, maybe I'll actually get on base. It was
analytics. The argument that everyone has on the other side is that analytics got this team
with the lowest payroll in baseball, one of the lowest payrolls in pro
sports to the to the world series and it gave them so much success and analytics is the major reason
behind it now so if like you're gonna you gotta dance with what got you there and i think that i
just butchered that saying but no i liked it you know what i mean fuck the fuck everyone else dance
with the one you brought i don't know but i think I think everyone knows what I meant. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I'm on that one.
I think you should be able to do that.
All right.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
My bad.
Well, you know what I mean.
You know what I mean?
They're saying, well, why would I change what got us here?
Well, why would you change it?
Why would you not pull this guy?
Because he's one of the best pitchers in baseball.
He's grooving.
Two hits.
73 pitches. When I was little was little like 1994 I was 11
years old I don't remember who the world series was but I remember watching Nolan Ryan bomb 101
mile an hour fastballs he'd throw 140 pitches some nights like you can change the regular season
and how you save guys arms arms with analytics. I understand.
But when you got your ace, back in the day, dude, the ace used to go nine.
Nine innings.
They'd pitch complete game winners in the fucking World Series.
And this dude was willing to do that.
This Snell was probably sick to his stomach.
He probably had tears in his eyes when he got the hook.
There's an old thing of Mike Mussina yelling at, I don't know if it was Joe Torre, someone in New York, he's like, get the fuck back
in the dugout when he saw him coming out.
Snell didn't do that, but Jesus,
man, what a shitty way to end that
game, end that series, because I thought there was
going to be a game seven. I took Tampa two. I took
them game two and game four already, so I was
sticking with it. I always thought
I was 2-0 in the series on just them
and two and four. So it sucked. the the analytics part i i do agree it can i guess a team that's
paying the whole team less than they're paying mookie that's the only way they get to where
they are but at some point you gotta look like man to man this guy's a fucking lion on the mound
he didn't want to be taken out yeah and like also game six like i get why they
were doing the low pitch counts for like the regular season just to kind of get everyone in
it and as you mentioned to kind of save arms but like they're not to save it for at that point you
just had a shortened season and these guys are used to throwing more and going back to those
interviews uh is it mookie bets is that how i say it uh interesting guy too like i didn't realize
how big of a stud this guy was on the field until
all the of course the sock sorry to hear geez geez like rolling his eyes right now um but he
said he goes the way that the other guy was pitching snell he's like we just like we couldn't
see it like we couldn't track it at all and he goes that's just the way the night goes and when
like an ace is on like that like like you said they were already oh for two the next three guys
and and all of which might have been strikeouts so like he said they were already oh for two the next three guys and and all of
which might have been strikeouts so like you said they had a big chuckle over that but uh yeah that
was uh i i ended up turning on the game after that and then that mookie bits made it three three one
by hitting that jack i didn't catch all the action i saw twitter or twitter excuse me light up and
that's why i started watching so interesting breakdown and the guy listen the guy that they
brought in had given a run-up in six straight games it was it was it would be like it would
be like uh killing a penalty with a minute 20 to go in game seven of the cup finals or game six if
you want to get real accurate and i happen to be on a team with Nick Lidstrom and the coach was like, hold on, hold on Lidstrom.
Let's get Whitney out there.
And you threw me on the PK and immediately the other team scored because of
something I did. And you'd be like, that was the analogy.
Someone made the analogy on Twitter too,
that it was the equivalent of pulling Trediak and the 80 Olympic game.
And I thought, I mean, I know the circumstance are a little different,
but it was along the same lines.
And mentioning pitch counts,
they fucking weren't even a thing, I don't know, 20 years ago.
Because I actually went to look up, and speaking of Mookie,
because that's a name that triggers many generations of Sox fans
now going back to the 86 World Series.
Mookie Wilson was at bat when they ended up coming back
in that epic game six.
And I looked up because there was some controversy about Clemens coming out of that game.
I know you were fucking, I don't even feel born yet, baby, whatever.
Oh, I followed Clemens as shit.
He was in Toronto.
He said he wanted to stay in.
The coach said that, no, he wanted to come out.
But I looked up.
He went seven innings, gave up four hits, two runs.
It wasn't like, okay, it wasn't like a piss poor decision.
But I couldn't find a pitch count.
I was looking at the box score.
There wasn't even a pitch count on a box score from 1986,
and now it's this thing that these guys go way too deep on.
And also, who the fuck cares how fast the ball comes off a bat
when the guy hits it?
Like, does the Joe average six-pack need to know that shit?
It just over-analyzes the stuff.
Well, it shows also my theory.
Not my theory.
I guess it's a theory.
I don't think anything comes close to football, but if anything does,
it's baseball in terms of how much a manager can like,
or a coach can actually make like change the game.
Football is number one, the place they're calling,
but I think that coaches matter so much in football, but baseball,
that just shows this guy. I mean, there had to be his bench coach.
There had to be players on that team thinking,
what is this guy doing right now?
What's he doing?
What's he doing?
And then I also read if he were to get fired,
which I don't think you'd fire him.
I mean, a horrible decision, but look what the season they had.
Like he'd get hired the next day.
So the guy's a good coach.
I just think he lives and dies by numbers.
That's a big pizza.
Yeah, exactly.
Pizza up the middle, game seven.
Whoopsie-daisy.
No more baseball.
A new boo king for commissioners of sports because Rob Manfred got it hard,
and he seemed pretty fucking rattled when it happened, man.
This guy, I don't know if he was drinking during the game
or if he was nervous.
And it's not even close to a full house.
He was getting booed pretty good, and it seemed like I really affected him biz.
Did you catch that?
Well,
somebody tweeted out that he was drunk.
I was like,
what the fuck is going on?
Everything.
I'm missing all this crazy stuff in this game.
I mean,
I turned it off.
It was loaded.
Somebody said that,
but I don't know if there was confirmation.
Maybe the booze rattled him that much,
but Jesus Christ,
maybe get a pep talk with Bettman.
That guy eats booze.
And then you had,
he loves it.
Bettman's got like the Hulkster.
Like, yeah, yeah, let's go.
Let's hear the other side for me.
And then you get like they had to pull Justin Turner from the game because
he his positive test for COVID come out during the game.
And then he goes back on the field with his mask, takes it off.
I mean, I guess he's been with those guys the whole time, but it was just
like, I don't know.
I mean, kudos to baseball and the Dodgers for winning.
But what a clusterfuck that guy was there. People went there people went nuts online i was like okay time to sign off yeah oh anyways
moving right along uh hockey in massachusetts was a big story since the last episode uh there were
clusters of cases allegedly linked to hockey uh again i say allegedly because i don't know how
it was proven um i guess there were 108 confirmed cases out of like 50,000 registered players,
less than a quarter of a percent depending on who's doing the math for you.
So the powers that be here in Massachusetts put a two-week stoppage
to all youth and recreational hockey.
Delays my cold-weather bower exercises for now.
But a lot of people in the hockey community here in Massachusetts not happy.
I mean, I didn't get it with myself. Like, okay,
what's two weeks going to do here. It's it just,
it just seemed kind of too specific. I don't know. I don't know what I,
I know you had some.
Yeah, I've been, it was frustrating for me to see because you,
you know that these kids are for the most part,
what I've been told is everyone was,
was doing a good job in terms of you're not going on the rink.
If you feel sick, the tracing thing where you have rosters being given out at the games by parents you you
you see a bunch of other things going on that are they're fine and basketball in the state where
it's indoors as well and people are rubbing up against each other more than hockey like that
hasn't been shut down and if it's two weeks whatever all right
but if they end up doing where they're pushing the goalpost back and then it's two more weeks
and all of a sudden all these kids who they can't go to school they can't play hockey i mean what
the fuck like what are you doing to kids that that don't don't deserve for this to be happening to
them so certainly there's people out there who are irresponsible and maybe are issues in terms of why there are spikes. I mean, that's a conversation
that is way more in depth than what we're going to have. But in terms of like everyone being
affected, like a bunch of kids playing hockey, I don't really see how that's fair if a million
other things are going on. So if it's two weeks, that'll be it.
If it's not, then you start thinking, all right, well, we got to do something.
We got to figure something out and help these kids out.
Get them back playing where they should be.
It's healthy.
You can live your life.
You exercise.
Be with your friends.
You can't just shut these kids' lives off.
Yeah, like the two weeks feels arbitrary.
It's not like everybody's going to go home and quarantine for that two weeks.
You know what I mean?
Like the fucking things are still bouncing around.
But anyways, yeah, hopefully the kids here in Massachusetts can get back to
playing in Massachusetts and not have to go to other states,
which I know all the people, that's the instinct.
Let's go somewhere else.
And then, you know,
you do run the risk of bringing an infected kid somewhere else,
which is fucking, you know,
and I fucking class the fuck from the get-go anyways, listen,
regardless of what major League Baseball analytics
said Tuesday night, there are some numbers you just don't want to mess with.
In 2019 alone, 126 people were killed
and 635 people were injured in collisions at railroad crossings.
From 2014 to 2019, there were 798 fatalities
involving motor vehicles at railroad crossings.
By law, trains have the right-of- motor vehicles at railroad crossings. By law, trains have the
right-of-way at all railroad crossings. That's why our friends at NHTSA and the FRA, the Federal
Railroad Administration, want you to be very heads up when approaching a railroad crossing.
Trains cannot swerve, stop quickly, or change direction to avoid collisions. A train traveling
at 55 miles per hour takes a mile or more to stop.
So when approaching a railroad crossing,
slow down, look, and listen for a train on the tracks,
especially at passive crossings.
You know it's true that there's no excuse
that's worth risking your life for
at a highway rail grade crossing.
So be sure to stop because trains can't.
All right, boys.
I said that before.
That was a biz ad read
dash back to even you need a little cleaning up there speaking of numbers how about fucking
wayno wayne gretzky put his house on the market i don't know how long it's been on there i saw
his one in uh in in california 23 million oh is that the one on sherwood that course that they
just played at i believe so i've Yeah, I was in that place.
Finn's barking.
Can you guys hear that?
Mr. Fanigan.
23 million on his crib is?
23 sheets?
23 sheets.
It's gorgeous.
It's like an estate.
I think it's the house where in the pool they filmed the scene from
what's the band called?
Nickelback, Rockstar.
Oh, Bugsy's favorite band
he partied with him and stuff that's like the one day a year i'll listen to them because i
got my halloween tattoo that's cool put the bandana on i'm through standing in the night
i know you got that tattoo but you got that tattoo back in the day when you're like halloween's the
sickest night of the year to go out and rip it. Like now I'll get into every club because I got a tattoo for it.
I'll say this.
Better than tribal or barbed wire.
Come on.
That's a step.
Barbed wire on the bicep.
If you have that right now, guys, everyone at home,
you're laughing, looking down at your bicep with a barbed wire.
But you know, you had a couple years where you were the balls.
I know word of a lie.
I think Dan gerardi has a
tattoo where it's barbed wire but where it meets in the bicep it's tribal he's got the
he's got the collab man he's is he a wellin boy oh my goodness i'm gonna get a tramp boy
he's a wellin boy yeah when's he on? He's a funny fucker, too.
I don't know if he'd let it fly on the podcast,
given that anytime anyone comes on now, they try to get canceled.
But a little nudge from what the fuck is going on now.
You guys don't even understand what it's like to deal with certain people nowadays.
We're dropping interviews.
Elias Patterson, who's unreal.
Great time.
And then all of a sudden we put out that he's going to come on the pod.
You're going to hear it in a couple minutes.
And he's got people coming at him online who say biz and the podcast are misogynistic and racist.
It's fucking bullshit.
But these people are such pigeons.
Elias realized, you know what i'm not
gonna listen to these losers online i had a lot of fun doing this podcast with these guys
and i'm gonna let the interview roll because nothing nothing happened and those people aren't
what what uh the podcast host that i was with they aren't what these people say they are
so fuck you and you're trying to make our lives more difficult. But in the end, you don't matter again because we have another awesome guy who comes on and tells his story, talks about his love of hockey and enjoys it.
So take a hike and beat it.
These people are such losers online.
Seriously.
Yeah.
Just ignoring things you don't want.
You don't you don't like it.
Don't watch it.
But yeah, it fucking fucks with other people because they do how are we well i was gonna hop in it makes it a little difficult because like
we're trying to give every fan base what they want we want to interview their favorite players
we want to get them on here and like in this case this kid is like a sweetheart this kid would not
harm a fly you know what i'm saying and like a lot of people from the vancouver fan base who
listen to the podcast you know they wanted him his captain came on so he comes on we have a great one we wanted to tease
it a little bit for for all you Vancouver fans who listen to the show and then like PD's got to
feel like go online and see the people are like they're they're fucking kids they're they're
burning their kids jerseys and they're they're going out to get a you know a Quentin Hughes one
or something and it's just like it's just very excessive like listen have have we maybe said some things on the podcast that have upset people but like
i don't know misogynistic racist like those are some pretty fucking lazy terms to be thrown out
like based on what what everybody who's listening right now hears from the show like guys i used to
talk about my sex life like i guess if that makes me misogynistic because like they were like silly
ridiculous stories like Like, well,
I guess I'm like, sorry for not being sorry about telling him in the past.
I'm clearly living a different life now where like that's behind me,
but even if you weren't, you're,
you're telling like stories of your life that people are interested in.
Like these people are such losers. Just don't listen. Like, all right.
No, but, but right. So like, but also in the same breath is like, you know,
me and our race spent a bit more time maybe on social media than wit.
I'm trying to siphon through like what our fan base likes.
I'm trying to like collect like, okay, yeah,
it seemed like people really enjoy this.
Let's maybe try to do a little bit more of that. Like Grinnelly,
you're going down the, you know, the streaming because guys, as,
as Pettersson talks about in the interview, like he wants to do streaming.
Nathan McKinnon just started streaming all these younger guys.
This is a good way for like our audience to connect with those guys through a
chip. Like I don't play much video games when I do, I get spanked,
but Grinnelly's on there grinding it out. So we're just,
we're just trying to like, you know, run a tighter ship than maybe we did at the
start, but we're still going to let it fly. We're still going to have fun.
And if it means we're not getting your favorite players on,
then fuck that because I ain't fucking changing.
And that JD Berkus dude can lick my ball bag. I don't give a shit. No,
I'm dead serious. Like, I don't care. Like, did you do the research?
Like, do you know anything? Do you know,
we shut the show down when,
when things erupted as far as the black lives matter matters movement,
like guys, like when, when that shit, like I'm a, I'm a,
I'd say I'm fairly liberal and I'm from Canada when that shit's happening down there. I was, I was a wreck. Like it gives me anxiety. So like we care about these social matters that some people are letting it fly. Like that we don't care about. No. And we're trying to handle it even more and more maturely as we go on, because we know we do have a bit of a voice and there are younger people listening to the show and we have to get to a subject in a little bit here that's a bit of a debbie downer but we're
like there's certain things that i won't say anymore i don't use the word kills anymore i
try not to i tell granelli to take out if i accidentally say it i'm trying to move i'm trying
to move my line for you but there's some things i can't reason with like that jd fucking burkus
lick my fucking nuts.
I'm done with you. Yeah, exactly.
I'm glad you mentioned his name.
I don't follow him. I didn't even hear about him
until like the last week and he wrote, I'm less upset
or mad about Elias Pedersen
for going on chicklets, which he wouldn't even
name, than I am at the
institution of hockey for letting
chicklets become a thriving part of
the culture in the first place. Here's the market decided. The institution of hockey for letting chicklets become a thriving part of the culture in the first place
here's the market decided hockey the institution of hockey didn't let us in there was a fucking
market and we filled the void and that's what fucking happened so put it in your fucking
fucking pipe and smoke a dick believe me i it would be better off to not have to deal with this
this shit and like just hide out in this little corner here. That's why we do podcasts.
This is not being shoved down your throat, ladies and gentlemen.
You got to click to get here.
So that's why we do it on the Barstool platform because we're allowed to let it fly.
We're a TSN, a Sportsnet, or whatever major company that we work for.
They'd say, you can't say that.
Fuck you.
I'm going to say what the fuck I want.
You can't say that.
Fuck you.
I'm going to say what the fuck I want.
And that shit too, like the fucking, the Holy Trinity, racist, sexist, homophobic,
which doesn't apply to us. And a lot of it is just old.
Like Dave said, some stupid shit over the years, like old bad jokes,
bad attempts at jokes.
We don't have to go over them now.
And they just, I think most of the people in the state of Boston,
they're just bitching about Dave for the most part.
And hey, I'm obviously loyal to Dave.
He's been fucking great for me.
But they just, those pieces that are written, oh, look at this thing from the Daily Beast.
Like, listen, I was a fucking media major.
Those are the epitome of slanted hit pieces.
Half the people who write them don't even work for that outlet.
They get hired specifically to write about the worst parts of Boswell that they think and spin it that way.
And those are the stories that people tag to strangers so the only impression they have of barstool
chitlets is some fucking six-year-old daily beast article that was designed to make us look like
shit in the first place so whatever we know well said and all in all the way it ended though
i think you'll enjoy the interview you made the right decision all right well we we got a little
ways to get to before that okay yeah a little shitload of signings boys a lot more i know a lot of the
free agents went but now we're kind of that felt good to let off my chest by the way i know we
ranted a little bit there boys but this is the shit that like i'm fucking done dealing with it
all right let's move it over to the signings like i said most of the unrestricted free agents are
off the board they're on to the restricted free agents arbitration.
There's only been one hearing so far.
Our Detroit forward Tyler Bertuzzi was awarded a one-year,
3.5 million deal.
He had 21 goals, 27 assists last year in 71 games.
He was the first RFA to have a hearing.
Either of you guys ever have arbitration
or hear some horror stories about arbitration?
I've heard horror stories in a sense that guys go in there and the team will say the meanest shit possible they'll make fun of his
small horror they'll make fun of his dog at home they'll they'll bring up like how shitty the car
is he's driving although maybe not that because then they could pay him more money for a nicer
one you know what i'm saying it's it's pleasant. And I think a lot of times there's been stories
or there's history of guys
like never wanting to play for that team again
after they hear the way the GM
or whoever's there kind of talks about them.
So it's a business, but nobody I think enjoys,
certainly players don't necessarily enjoy
going to arbitration
unless they get an enormous payday from it,
which used to never happen.
Maybe it happens a bit more now.
It's like, Mr. Arbitrator, this guy can't play on the first line
because the first line center complains about how bad his breath is during games.
So we cannot pay him first line money.
Who got a huge arbitration at one year deal?
He has the biggest bush, Your Honor.
He does not shave his nuts.
He has not shaved his feet back in six months.
Have you seen the barbed wire and tribal tattoo on his arm, Your Honor?
Either way, it's a close from Abercrombie, Your Honor.
Abercrombie.
Good proof of you have a Bertuzzi, though, Biz.
I mean, he hasn't had a deal like this, so he'll get a nice little bump in payout, I imagine.
Yeah.
No, he's a heck of a player.
He's got that like old
school throwback look too i think i think i saw online as uh him and his girl posted a picture
they got his mouth of him smiling as made as one of the masks for covid yeah they were they're
buzzing around so he's a he's a funny dude and he he's uh todd bertuzzi's nephew right correct
half of twitter thinks it's his son every time he does something on the ice, but no, it's his nephew.
So moving right along, the Senators, a team we've been, I don't know,
mildly stroking off a little bit.
Connor Brown, he avoided arbitration, signed a three-year deal,
10.8 million, comes out to 3.6 million a year.
Chris Tierney also avoided arbitration, signed for two years, 7 million,
3.5 million cap hit.
He came over on the Eric Carlson bounty that trades looking better and better
for auto every day.
And they also signed unrestricted free agent, Alex Galchenyuk to a one year,
1.05 million deal.
There's a sense, man, they could be a pretty frisky next year.
Whenever it is.
I tell you what good for him.
I feel that like, he's a guy where like he's high octane he
needs to fire on all like the the skill cylinders we saw a guy like Anthony Duclair go there and and
do what he did with a player's coach and in a new environment and maybe where they're allowed to like
you know play a little bit more of their style of play and you know Gail Chinook's been bouncing
around a little bit here and uh I think given given where that team's at and the fact that maybe there's not that pressure to win now,
he could, you know, reinstill that confidence in his game, which, I mean, if you don't have it and you're
I mean, when you're that highly skilled, if you don't have your confidence, like, you're pretty much, I guess, useless.
Because as far as a depth player, he just doesn't have those types of tools.
So a perfect non-risk deal for the Ottawa Senators.
I hope he does well. He's a great kid.
He's never really been able to stick anywhere
and kind of make his imprint on any organization.
So I just kind of compared it to the Duclair situation
where he's a guy who went there, found that,
and he was the same type of guy.
He just couldn't land on his feet in any organization he went to.
So, Gally, hope you land on your feet, pal.
I also like Connor Brown, man.
That must have been tough to get traded from Toronto.
I mean, Toronto's got all these young pieces,
and he goes over to Ottawa, and, you know,
last year's a disaster for them, but he was good.
That guy skates, he competes, so I like that signing a lot.
And I think that Ottawa, they're going to surprise now.
I mean, I think they're still going to be, they're not a playoff team,
but they're way better than last year.
I mean, you keep seeing names added, you keep seeing guys signing,
and it's definitely not going to be a walk in the park most nights
for whoever's playing against them like the way it was, you know,
this past season.
Yeah.
You'd be betting on them a lot next season, whenever it is.
Another thing, too, I glanced over is Galchandak scored 30 in this league.
I think he had 29 in Montreal one year.
Like, I know, like, it was one year.
He hasn't got 30.
But I'm pumped.
All right, we can move on.
I'll back you up.
Whit said the 94 World Series a little while ago,
but that was the strike lockdown.
Stay hot, Whit.
I swear to God, I was like, something sounds off about 94.
All I can think is the Rangers.
Yeah.
It's a combination of that.
Between that and Elias coming up, you're going to get.
By the way, I just finally got his name right for the first time.
I like the EP40.
That's easy, off the glass and out.
That's his new name to me.
Petey.
Sabre has also had a couple guys that avoided arbitration.
Sam Reinhart, Buffalo.
They agreed a one-year deal, 5.2 million.
They also avoided arbitration with goalie Linus Olmark.
He re-upped for one year, 2.6 million.
Reinhardt, that's a pretty good price tag for him, 5.2.
I'll chime in on this one.
I feel like his last contract was his prove-it contract.
I felt he proved it to a certain degree.
There was that one incident about him giving up on a play
earlier in the season.
That got amplified.
So that seems to be fresh in people's minds
as far as maybe that's why they didn't.
I think it's new GM in there.
We've come to this situation where Hall's over here.
So like, I don't know, maybe him and Jack
have this amazing chemistry where we use some of that money
in order to keep him around.
And also, I think Reinhardt's going to play on the second line and not to say
he's going to be playing with schlubs but I think what they're seeing is hey can you drive your own
line like can you even take a step up from there and then I think that warrants him probably getting
what he might have been expecting to get this offseason but given with what's happened, I think five and a two 5.2 is a great number.
I know that him and Eichel are great buddies.
I think that if he's able to prove it again, I think that,
I think they should keep him. I think he's a, I think he's a decent piece.
He's a good room guy. I think there's, yes,
there's some things to improve on, but once again,
like this team all around has not been very good. So it's not like that's a,
that's a piece you might want to keep around,
considering you haven't had many better pieces than him.
Who?
Who's Ristolainen and Eichel.
That's it.
Those are the only two I could think of over a decent amount of time
who have been consistent enough in that organization.
And he will be a restricted free agent again after this one-year deal.
He's averaging just under 22 goals a year.
So obviously another guy, if he 22 goals a year, so obviously another
guy, if he has a good year, he'll win.
What's Toffoli get?
What's Toffoli get for his...
What'd he get? Four and a half?
But I'm thinking
he could get more from an age standpoint where
Reinhardt's still, what, 24?
He's turning 25 soon.
I think, man, he's
going to get your 20 goals. He's going to get your 20 goals.
He's going to get your 50 points.
And then if he makes that leap, all of a sudden maybe it's 30 and it's 65, 70 points.
I like him as a player, and that team's struggle.
You can't get rid of guys like that right now.
I mean, if the Sabres ever got into the playoffs and they were a deeper team
and a better team and they got in and they had Eichel playing center on the top line
and then Reinhardt turned into a really  even a better player.
He's kind of like  he could be like David Krejci.
I know that's crazy praise and I know that he's got a long way to go.
But I don't think he'll ever be a 90-point guy, but fuck.
Krejci's had years where he had 70 points in the regular season,
led the team in scoring in the playoffs.
This guy's really good and he's young I I think that there's no way Buffalo could could lose a
guy like this at this point so then you got Halsey on the first line then you got you got Skinner
on the team as well so let's see also how he does with maybe a little less focus on him given that
there's not a ton of depth up front so maybe he thrives I hope he does he's a great guy in biz
does BC by the way did not pay him for thatves. I hope he does. He's a great guy in biz does BC, by the way,
did not pay him for that appearance. So I hope you get your meal money at some point.
All right. Few more signs to run through here. Just let me know if you want to chime in Colorado recent, I'm sorry, Colorado signed restricted free agent, Devon Taves, four year deal for 16.4 mil,
4.1 million cap hit. I mean, I think this is a kid who probably could have taken
maybe shorter term and gambled on himself,
but I think a bird in the hand was worth two in the bush to him.
Would you agree with that, Whit?
In other words, he could have maybe taken a two-year deal
and see how he did and got more money down the line,
but opted for the security of a four-year deal.
Yeah, I mean, 16 million, take care of that well.
for the security of a four-year deal.
Yeah, I mean, 16 million, take care of that well.
He should be good to live in a joyful  a happy life, I'll say, a fun life.
Take that back.
I don't really understand why the Islanders got rid of him.
Maybe we'll learn more, but I like his game.
I like how he skates.
He looked awesome in the playoffs.
And now he's making a very fair number, I think, for both sides.
If he's going to be the player he's showed to be on the Islanders this year,
he could even maybe argue he's a little underpaid in four years.
We'll see what happens, but I like him.
There we go.
All right, rolling right along here.
Vancouver signed restricted free agent Jake Vertanen.
Two-year deal, 5.1 mil.
Comes out to 2.55 million cap hit.
Let's see.
Dallas signed restricted free agent,
Dennis Gurianoff.
Of course,
he really made a name for himself this past playoffs,
two year deal,
5.1 million comes out to just over two and a half million as well.
By the way,
heads up to our friends over at tsn.com.
Your free agent tracker does not have this deal listed.
So you might want to jump on that and let people know,
because some people do,
do use that for work. It wasn't up there just a little heads up uh carolina signed restricted
free agent hayden flurry two-year deal 2.6 mil it's a 1.3 million cap hit jersey signed
unrestricted free agent dimitri kulikov to a one-year deal worth 1.15 mil he was with
winnipeg last year and edmonton extended defenseman Chris Russell one year 1.25 mil
that deal kicks in at the 21-22 season so a lot of one and two year deals but I know some of the
fellas prefer seven and eight year deals because well most guys have tried different ways to last
longer in bed but thinking about awful decisions by baseball managers in the world series doesn't
always work that's why the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting,
but don't require a prescription.
That's the best part.
And Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
You can get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
Once again, that's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Nice.
All right, Biz.
You mentioned Arizona was in the news this week.
First off, our friend Elliot Friedman did say on a positive note,
Shane Doan may be back with the Yotes in some capacity.
I know, obviously, people were sad to see him go the first time,
but new ownership, new sheriffs in town.
So hopefully donor will be back in the front office.
Biz have you had any scoop on that regard or what?
No, I haven't really reached out to, excuse me.
I haven't reached anyone to talk about that.
I think the other news that came out, I think the same day,
I believe right after Elliot Friedman had tweeted that out,
something else came up. So just been kind of focusing on how I'm going to talk about that on
the podcast guys it sucks um you want to get into it now all right yeah yeah we'll jump right into
it uh Coyotes draft pick Mitchell Miller who they took in the fourth round they didn't have any
picks in the first three rounds uh he had some very ugly shit from his past that came to the surface this week
uh he's i believe 18 now and he was a 14 in the eighth grade he pled guilty in juvenile court
to assault of a development of developmentally disabled black kid um apparently him and another
student gave the kid a candy push pop that they had rubbed in a urinal. This Miller called them the vile N-word repeatedly for years,
among other racially racist stuff, I guess you'd say.
And per the victim's mom, Joni Meyer Crothers,
said he bashed the victim's head into a wall.
She says she thinks he pled guilty in part to keep that video from going public
because it was kind of so awful to watch.
Again, that was per the mother.
She also said that Miller sent an apology letter to 31 teams,
but never went to her son.
She said her son has never heard from him, never got an apology from him.
When the court court things went on,
the magistrate had some harsh words for Miller basically.
He felt he was the victim in the whole thing.
And look, you know,
every draft teams need to make sort of similar decisions, not about these particular circumstances,
but there's a lot of shit on guys that they hear about,
they have to verify.
But this was some tough stuff to read, man.
It was really heinous stuff.
And, you know, I know I did it to 14, wasn't always good,
but, you know, this wasn't stealing a disc or a tape at Sam Goody.
This was some, some,
some rough stuff, man.
And I know people talk about second chances and stuff like that, but it's like,
okay, you don't have to give this person a second chance of is,
is this juice worth the squeeze? You know, I don't know, man, it's,
it's behavior of such a level. It's like, all right,
that's not something maybe three years later, it just goes away.
If I'm a GM, I might've taken a pass as well but uh with biz i'm not sure who wants to
jump i'm gonna hop in because it guys like it doesn't sound like at all that he like he was
remorseful for it because i anyone who was remorseful for for this would have handled it
a completely different way and for the for the the judge to
say that to him for the signs of the what did the judge say sorry i apologize no you're fine
i just what did what did the judge say to him at the basically the other the other kid who was a
part of this was like crying in the courtroom and was completely devastated and clearly it
understand deep down to the core that what he did is what was a heinous crime yep the judge didn't feel that from miller at all
and for for a judge to maybe go over his way to say that during sentence sentencing i mean they're
usually judges for reason like they they know what the fuck they do and they got into that level
where people trust their overall opinion and assessment of all situations so re i'll let you hop in and say it yeah the uh from the magistrate judge whatever
they call it uh mitchell i'm not sure you still get it i don't think you like being where you are
but i still don't think you've put yourself in the shoes of not just the one victim but numerous
victims no one should come to school and feel humiliated or intimidated if this is is what you do in school, I wonder what you do outside of school.
You're supposed to be in your best behavior in school.
So if this is an example of your best behavior,
I wonder what your worst behavior is. I don't have a sense of real remorse,
but I do feel that you feel sorry for yourself. And you know,
that kind of aligns with the apology to the 31 teams and not the kid that he, you know, assaulted and victimized.
But listen, from the Coyotes standpoint, and I can't speak for anyone inside the organization.
I don't know who made the pick.
I don't know why.
I mean, I believe they they released a statement saying that partly also because they've been they've been harping on the diversity thing, which is a good thing.
Right. With Xavier being hired as the the president and then to go out to do this that's like you know it's very contrasting
there people were calling them out on it where the organization said we felt that like considering
this is something that we're looking so much into that we would be the team that would be able to
like like clearly rehabilitate this person to where he's completely cleaned his image and that
is that person that did that whatever that he did no longer exists not even like a speck on the
fucking radar and to hear so many different examples as to maybe like he genuinely deep
down to the core didn't understand what he did and why it was so wrong. Not only the abuse side of it, just like the racist side of it.
So I guess I'll leave it at this.
If a 14 year old person makes a mistake, even as grave as this,
do I believe that they should be canceled forever?
If they show remorse and understand what they did was wrong and,
and to the core, to the core, and even maybe even go as far as to like
go and talk in front of kids at school and understand that like why this is a problem
why this can't exist i don't know i'm not saying i think that that would be a good way to start
like get ahead of it where you can kind of like pay your debt to society and of course the kid
he did it to in the family of course that's like numero uno but then
to go show them this is how i've learned from it and this is what i'm trying to do i'm trying to
use my horrible example as as you know this is why it's bad look at on the big what was supposed
to be the biggest day of my life getting drafted to the nhl the whole it's national news about what i did right yeah that was very well said and
and that's exactly that's an example in itself for every person listening to understand that
you're you're caught there's consequences to your action especially when the the what the act it
gets is so grave is what what this was and this I believe that it's fair that this kid is carrying this burden at 18 years old because of what he's done.
And maybe in what we're hearing is the lack of remorse in what he actually did.
So at that point in time, I'm thinking, no, I don't think he's truly learned from that horrible act and how it may have affected that other person.
So it's just like it was just hard to hear.
it may have affected that other person so it's just like it was just hard to hear and like you know it's it's it's a it's a tough one on the chin for the organization um there's no denying that
if they felt that they talked to him they truly believe that he is no longer that person and that
was their judgment at the time then then hey you gotta yeah i would trust i would trust them if if it were true though
that he'd like apologize to that kid i mean if that's true with them i don't know he's never
even like said anything to him in person or on a letter um yeah so that does that was horrible to
read i mean listen man if this kid doesn't feel bad for what he's done and actually truly understand how mean and cruel what he did was,
then he probably doesn't deserve a second chance.
Biz, you said it best.
If he can go out and prove that he's a different human being,
then I think everyone deserves a second chance.
Basically, I'll sum it up by saying this.
I'm not going to argue
with you if you think that he should never have the right to play in the nhl given with where
things sit as were presented in the media um but i'm not going to argue with you if you think that
this kid deserves a second chance to show that he's not that person like i just like well you
already said you could be the one to not give him the second chance but if you're going to hate every
single person that would that's kind of where you gotta maybe think all right well i disagree with
that person on giving him a shot but so hopefully though if anything this not that the kid even
wants to hear it now but he should get in touch with that guy and apologize and um like just
relating to like like me talking about it like i work I work for the Coyotes, and, like, there's unbelievable people that work for the organization, and it just seems to have felt that, like, there's been a lot of not-so-positive things happening.
Like, yeah, I'm not going to cast any judgment on the inside other than the fact that I hope you're right on this one, because this seems, I hope this is not as being portrayed in the media or as intense because i don't think that necessarily is a great representation at this
time just at this time yeah and like as far as a second chance you know no team is obligated to
give him or any other chance if he did something we beat the drum i'm sorry no that's right i think
we should also note we just had gm bill armstrong bill armstrong on he had absolutely nothing to do with this pick of course the news broke since that episode but you know
that he was still with the blues he had nothing to do with the draft he wasn't able to deal with
the draft so i figured that's worth noting because he was a recent guest and yeah miller did his
counsel on his community service but uh you know the jury's still out on uh actual remorse i guess
so uh we can move right along here, chugging along.
Actually, you know what, boys?
I think it's probably a good time to send it over to Eliash Patterson,
get a little levity in here.
And we do want to let you know that this interview was brought to you by
Cross Country Mortgage, America's crazy good mortgage company,
who makes it easy to get the financing you need fast.
Go to ccmlens.com slash NBD to learn more about your future home buying or
refinancing experience.
NMLS 3029, equal housing opportunity.
Well, our next guest is one of the bright young stars in the NHL.
He's won rookie of the year at both the Swedish Hockey League and the National
Hockey League.
While a rookie in Sweden,
he also led the league in points in both the regular season and playoffs before
winning the MVP of the playoffs as his team won the championship. And in his first two NHL seasons,
he's tallied 132 points in 139 games and has been named to two All-Star games. Thanks so much for
joining us on the podcast, Elias Pedersen, aka Petey. How are we doing, pal? I'm doing good.
Thanks for having me. me oh it's our
pleasure so this is your very first podcast appearance huh yeah it's my first podcast um
i don't know yeah it's my first one how about those intros those are nice a little tire pump
i don't mind people pumping tires but dude he pressed record on his phone man first try so yeah awesome hey
so you're just a mute are you just a music guy on the way to the rink things like that you never
listen to any podcasts are you just saying you never been on one uh i'm a big music guy i listen
to a lot of music not a country guy or and it plays a lot of country in the locker room but uh
but yeah no best is gonna be pissed that you said no country now yeah he me and him being having a
debate about that he's not happy about me are you a metal head which is okay because he says you
belong in the circus now not for any rude reasons but he says you can juggle very well and you could ride a unicycle.
Can you do both at the same time, though?
Yeah, I can.
Holy shit.
This kid's the real deal.
Give him the MVP.
What is the beginning of you riding a unicycle and being able to juggle as well as doing it together?
How did that all start?
How old are you when that goes down?
How old was I? out of the womb out of yeah two years old no but uh
uh maybe 12 13 my dad was very good at uh going in unicycle and he i was listening to him a lot
i still do uh and he told me if you get good at unicycle,
you're going to have better balance at hockey.
And I was like, all right.
Worked on it, got good at it.
And then, I don't know why, but I just started juggling.
So one day I had three tennis balls.
I spent like three, four days at our backyard,
back home in nge, where I'm from. And I spent three, four days at their backyard back home in onge where i'm from and
they spent three four hours until i could do it and then once i get good at it i started doing
with bowling pins yeah i mean you're gonna be like the red panda at the roger center between
periods they're gonna have to pay you 20 million a year. All right.
I'm up for it.
That would be unbelievable.
The first ever player in NHL history to do the in-between period entertainment.
Yeah, no.
So, got good at it with bowling pins.
And then I added both together.
And, yeah, my brother always chirped me about it
that I could join a circus whenever.
So yeah, I'm set.
You mentioned your dad and he drove a Zamboni when you were a kid.
So you basically just skated every single day
as much as you wanted as a kid, hey?
Yeah, I've been skating a lot.
I mean, I come from a small town or village.
I don't know how you say it it's the
three three thousand people lives there so it's not big at all um so yeah i know dad has
drove in some bony had the key to every door at the rink and basically all my childhood it was
school dad dropped me off at the rink, got home, had dinner,
then back to the rink for practice and bedtime,
and then same thing all over again.
That's in the winter.
Are you summers off or were you skating the whole time?
Summers, it was soccer growing up.
But as soon as the ice got back back home I uh I was there right away but uh yeah I played
soccer and and hockey growing up so do you follow all the drama in the in the British Premier League
and all these high-end soccer uh leagues uh yeah I do I'm a I'm a big fan of soccer uh and I watch
it a lot I don't have a i don't follow it a lot nowadays because
time difference and everything and i don't have a favorite team so i'm just a fan of the sport
okay well you're your typical typical swede that speaks perfect english and i know you guys take
it growing up was it was it a little difficult for you two years ago your rookie year have you pretty pretty
much been completely uh easy easy speaking english for a while now um i was i was okay in english at
school i mean i did like uh like high school my only mindset was i'm gonna do everything to pass
the test because i wanna because i to play hockey and that's what the
reporters need yeah exactly don't listen kids yeah same here but i never passed or got asked
to be interviewed yeah i know so so i think actually brockesser can tell you guys a story whenever you guys get that opportunity.
Because my first development camp, I was not good at English at all.
And he has a pretty funny story when he's basically telling me that I kind of shrugged him off and didn't want to talk to him because I was nervous talking about it
because I wasn't comfortable talking English yet.
But I learned it quickly, like moving here,
hearing English every day.
Petey, when you were a younger kid,
were there any Swedes that you modeled your game after?
I mean, you could score and pass equally good.
I mean, I would say Peter Forsberg.
I know he had probably a little more grit to his game,
but who did you model yourself after, I would say Peter Forsberg. I know he had probably a little more grit to his game, but who did you monitor yourself after?
First one was Peter Forsberg.
Just remember his old days back in Moda
where Orion played for two games.
It was a very successful two games.
I don't know if you've seen the stats.
I actually had the privilege to see your last game in your career.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
That's crazy.
So you saw the last period.
You were at that game.
Yeah, you remember to get
I do.
I remember everything about it.
Let me guess, two pizzas, dash three, absolute liability in his own end.
But he did have a second assist on the power play.
So he was thrilled.
He watched dash three three that's for sure
i was dash i was dash three in the first period and one of them and one of them i went to turn
and my ankle completely gave out and i hit the side of the skate and i fell and the guy grabbed
it and threw it in front it was like it was like a legit like at the whole first home game of the
season i'm an import we lost like to the night. We got waxed the night before on the road.
And I'm horrific.
And I went in and I retired after that period, the first period.
And then I sat on the bench for the second and third.
So we watched the game together.
My last pro game, I just got to play like eight of 20 minutes,
be dash three, and throw a pizza.
Against the worst team in the league.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Yeah. worst team in the league yeah oh my god yeah it was not exactly a great performance for uh
the old wit dog in this shl i might have i might have asked my brother for a little background
check because okay so you were doing some prep work for this podcast where was your brother
playing then is he is he in vaxtro now yeah he's in vacua now uh the team i played for before vancouver
well actually before that i want to ask you you played for timra for a year because my best friend
matt murley played for timra for a while and he uh he lives in sons of all he loved it he married
a girl from there and he told me that it was so big when when he was playing there to try to get
up to the shl right right? Like your division two.
And so I saw that you played the one year, you lit it up and you guys weren't able to
advance into the big league.
Say you had, and instead you went to Vax or signed, say you had gotten Timmer in, would
you have stayed with them that year?
Or were you moving on no matter what?
That was a talk I had like all the time like during the season with my agent with
friends with family my brother uh i yeah i'm pretty sure i would have stayed because timor is
close to home uh it's where i have my i played there for five years and you would have gotten
them there it would have been like that much more special, I would guess.
Yeah, exactly.
And, you know, things didn't go the way I wanted.
I'm happy with my year in Vekko,
but it would be cool to bring Timmer up and play one year in SHL there.
Ari kind of talked about it earlier as far as like who you looked up to growing up.
Making the transition, knowing you had as much success over there,
were you nervous about coming over to North America to play?
And was there any of these older veterans from Sweden who you reached out to
in order to talk to before you did so?
I mean, given the instant success you had.
Yeah, I was nervous.
I didn't know how.
I mean, NHL is the best league in the world,
and I didn't know how well I would do.
And, of course, I'm small and skinny.
So I didn't know how well I would perform.
But we had four guys
four Swedish guys in the team
and they helped me get comfortable in everything
especially
Markstrom, he took me under his wing right away
and
very grateful for that
but yeah, no
first NHL game against Flames
my first shift lasted
10 seconds because RD absolutely destroyedL game against Flames. My first shift lasted 10 seconds
because RD absolutely destroyed one of the Flames guys.
And my next shift, it was a fight.
So I was like, all right, this is the NHL.
Oh, shit.
Sick lead.
That's exactly the way they talked about it over there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, yeah, no.
I was like, I can live like this.
Were you more scared of coming over here and experiencing it for the first time
or fighting Quinn Hughes at Rookie Party this year in the lobby of a hotel?
He wouldn't say yes to a fight.
Weren't you guys wrestling in the lobby at Rookie Party at a hotel?
Oh, rumors goes fast, eh?
Uh-oh, uh-oh.
And who tapped who out?
I mean, we were having a good time.
Both of us might have been a little oocy.
A little tipsy.
That's okay.
That happens.
It was on your credit card.
It was.
It was.
It was a great night.
I think we just wrestled.
I don't think we had a winner.
I think our teammates broke us loose.
There you go.
And, you know.
You guys got a funny relationship.
I heard a story, too, that he was driving up a hill, and it was icy out.
And then he, like, pretended to start slipping,
but then the car actually did start slipping down the hill did it not yeah yeah so um so it was snowing a lot in vancouver and i don't know how slow the workers
like say if it's snowing the snow stays on the road for like two three days before they
get rid of it so it's all ra people collecting a pension doing nothing yeah podcasts in the closet
so we we were going out for dinner and i walked because i was driving a sports car and
and that's and that does not work well in the snow so i i walked with quinn he took his toyota tough car um
oh suck it quitter yeah um yeah i had to get a chirping on him but uh yeah no so we were going
up a hill and i was already like freaking out because i was afraid we were going to slip and, I don't know, hit someone. And he sensed that.
So we were going up, and then he, like, screamed,
oh, my God, a car, what?
I looked around, there's no one there.
And then he just starts laughing at me.
So he got me well.
That boy who cried wolf.
I know you had a Vancouver shirt when you were a little boy,
as everybody knows you told the reporter to Google it.
But what did you know about Vancouver before you got you got there anything uh of course sedins um just still here
about the sedin so good hockey place there are but especially how good people they are outside
of hockey doing work with the community and all that uh and vancouver big hockey city.
And I mean, hockey in Canada and I think hockey is the biggest sport here in Vancouver.
So it's a blast playing here.
So take me back like the draft.
It's in Chicago, I think.
Did you know you were going fifth?
Did you have any chances of going higher?
Like how did that whole day go?
And then after, was there a special night in Chi-Town?
Once you get to go top five, fifth overall, I went the same.
Nice meeting you.
Quick plug for himself.
We have to hear about that every episode.
Well, I just try to get every fifth overall pick ever so we can interview them all
and I can bring it up every time.
Oh, you were serious, no?
Yes, he was dead serious.
The game you saw, bud, that was dead serious the game you saw don't the game you saw
bud that was not at the prime that was that was pathetic i i agree oh that's um yeah the draft um
after the combine uh both toronto and vancouver flew me out to kind of meet me more and do testing, blah, blah, blah.
So Vancouver was the team that showed the most interest in me.
But when they were doing the draft, Vancouver didn't talk to me.
So I still wasn't sure if they were going to pick me. But then my agent said, usually before a draft,
the camera guys come and stand in front of you before a pick is called up.
And when Vancouver was up, the camera guys were in front of me.
So I knew they were going to pick me then.
But yeah, it was still a little nervous and all that stuff.
How old were you when you knew you were much better
than the other kids you were playing with?
Like when you realized, holy shit, I'm pretty good here.
Actually, very young because, yeah, very young.
Unicycle was the tipping point.
I'm better than everyone.
I want to talk about how you got so into fashion.
I see you posting all the time.
I mean, I don't know if it was at the All-Star game
when you wore that James Bond villain outfit.
Yeah, fun thing.
If people zoom in on that pic, it's not stripes, it's letters.
And what does it say?
Givenchy.
Oh, Givenchy.
Okay.
So you love that high-end designer.
Yeah.
I mean, I've always been into fashion.
And now I've been making a lot of money.
I've been, I don't know, taking care of myself a little bit.
Good for you.
Me too.
Treat yourself.
Swedes are always pretty shop dress players in the NHL.
Yeah.
I mean,
yeah,
there's some tough outfits in the team,
especially.
PD.
Like I mentioned a few minutes ago,
they're a dual threat out there.
People don't know if you're going to pass,
shoot or whatever.
What do you like that?
A scoring goal,
setting a guy up for one.
Scoring goals.
Full-fledged.
You did a little bit of that in playoffs,
and that's one of the things I wanted to talk about too.
Like maybe that was your first experience.
Obviously the physicality of it goes up,
and then you guys end up playing Minnesota and then St. Louis.
I felt that points in both series,
they were trying to get you off your game physically,
but you ended up playing a point a game.
Like, you know, what were you thinking going to playoffs the first time?
And ultimately, how do you think you handled it overall?
Yeah, I mean, first playoff, I knew like all intensity gets up and physicality.
And so my mindset was to play hard and not shy away from anything.
And I'm very happy with how well we performed in the playoff.
One game away from making the conference final.
But, yeah, no, I think I handled it well.
I think we did well as a team.
I know.
But, yeah, no, I think I handled it well.
I think we did well as a team.
And, yeah, I mean, there was, of course, a lot of cross-checkings on me and all that, but I'm used to it.
So, yeah.
Yeah, taking the beating is part of being one of the best.
I think that you've definitely had to experience that.
But you talk about the playoffs and it was being successful,
but you also bring up Markstrom. And I get the chance with play with Marky in the minors in Florida a little bit
unreal guys very happy to see his deal but must have been tough to see him go kind of what did
he mean what did he mean to you just taking you under under his wing when you came over
uh yeah I mean that was that was tough for me uh I haven't experienced the business side of NHL.
And Markstrom was, of course, a friend for life for me,
but he's been taking care of me,
telling me small stuff to think about,
not to wear a crazy hoodie wear like a crazy hoodie on
on like when we're going in the road because oh my god this is
i i was with marky when people were telling him him these things it's
full circle it really did register with him oh that's that's awesome nice
so yeah i listened to him and i'm trying to tell these things to quinn but he's
just telling me to shut up.
You guys are too close in age.
He's probably going to beat it.
It's fun.
No, but, yeah, it was tough seeing Marky Lee, but it's business,
and I'm very happy with the contract he got because he deserves it.
Where would he be bringing you out around Vancouver?
I'm sure that was, you know, if you said he put you under his wing,
was Roxy a frequent spot?
Are the young guys even going there anymore?
Is that even a thing?
Roxy, yeah.
I actually saw you there best one night.
That's right.
I think we did run into each other at the back bar.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, so.
I was like, yeah, can you put my drinks on that little guy over there
in the corners, Tab, right there? Yeah, that guy with the guy with the toucan. Yeah, make him chug it. Make him chug it, yeah. Yeah. So I was like, yeah, can you put my drinks on yourself but yeah no gel town but yeah rocks it's
uh i've been there i think three times and uh three for three uh fun weird place i would say
just getting hounded there are you skating right now are you just like working out how
are you approaching when whenever next season? I'm working out now.
Skating once or twice per week.
I have my trainer back home, Robert Ligbeck,
that he sends me a schedule and I follow them
and we're talking every day about the workout that I'm going to do for the day.
So working out, a drink Monday to Friday and Saturday, Sunday off.
I was going to hop in about the training.
You see a lot of these high-end players doing a lot of skill work in the offseason
as far as hopping in the ice and all of a sudden they're doing all these movements
in and out of cones.
Are you doing that on the ice as well as getting in the gym every single day uh i'm doing like i'm doing more
uh like off-ice stuff more strength stuff because uh that's what i need the most uh but i'm skating
once or twice a week to still keep that going but But I'm spending more time in the gym than on the ice during the summer.
Just getting swole for the offseason?
Yeah.
Maybe take an all-inclusive down south?
Get the vans popping?
Trying.
I mean, people don't think I work out, but I've been working out my whole life.
I just don't show.
I used to hear the same thing.
Don't worry.
These fifth overall picks, they come gunning after our bodies.
Just prove it on the ice.
Body shaming.
I think Wayne Gretzky weighed 170 pounds,
so I wouldn't worry about it too much.
Now, I'm not sure about the Canadian rules.
Are you allowed to go back to Sweden if you wanted to?
Are you stuck in Canada?
What's the situation with that?
Yeah, I could go back today or tomorrow but if I when I
come back for next season whenever that starts um I have to quarantine for two weeks and I'm
I don't want to quarantine again so just stay in Vancouver yeah so and also it was like would be
like bad timing for me to go home because all my hockey friends were starting their season and all my non-hockey friends are either working or studying so i would have no one on my schedule
so that was like the why i stayed here i want to go back to the music for a second i know there's
a lot of metalheads from finland but what kind of music are you into are you a metalhead too
i know i know you're from sweden but i know that area, like, the world likes metal for some reason. No, I'm not a metalhead.
Not a country.
You're a BPM.
You scream BPM guy from Sirius Satellite Radio.
You know what BPM is?
No.
Guys, how would you?
Beats per minute?
Calvin Harris.
Those guys are a little bit more mainstream.
I like the deep house shit.
I like deep house. I like are a little bit mainstream. I like the deep house shit. I like deep house.
I like chill music,
hip-hop,
songs like Drake,
hip-hop.
I like to listen to a lot of music.
I like to listen to
slow music
too.
You like that RB?
No, no.
Put a couple candles on. Is that a note note did you just sing a note for us no no no no no oh that was actually really did sound like a
song there you got a great humming voice i'm a terrible singer i'm not i'm not gonna perform
for you no come on try for all the vancouver fans listening would love to hear you sing right
even if i'm a little tipsy i'm'm still shy to sing, so nothing will happen.
But yeah, no.
As long as it's no Kenny Chesney,
she's from Boston, that type of shit.
It would be like Ed Sheeran, Lumineers,
Luis Capaldi, those type of music.
I got worked over by my wife. said well that's not not in the
group not not in the good way not in the good way she brought me to uh concert we're going to this
concert ed sheeran i was like what he was unreal it was by him by himself on stage for two and a
half hours he was rapping he was singing it was i've been a huge fan since. Yeah. And she worked me over after the concert too.
That's something I want to do too.
Go to a concert like that.
I've never been to...
I've only been to concerts
when different EDM plays.
I've never been to Ed Sheeran or Coldplay concerts.
So you bring up... Right now, if you were back home,
your buddies were at work and they got to work all day.
And, like, I would go through that when I was playing home for the summers, right?
But what are you doing with your time, like, during the season?
Practice ends, you got nothing going on.
Are you gaming?
Are you just hanging out?
Like, how do you spend your free time during the year at least?
Yeah, I play golf.
Big golfer.
Play video games um call of duty fortnite not so much fortnite anymore nhl fifa nba so i play a lot of a lot of video games so
it was from what i've been seeing on your instagram too is like i think you're you're
more interested maybe on the content side of things, opening up that,
you know, I don't want to call it a revenue stream, but I mean like a guy like
OBJ did it in, in, in, in football.
Are there other guys who are doing it where you kind of like the way they're
going? I know Austin Matthews is a big guy about posting what outfits he's
wearing tag and the price tag and, and also getting on video more.
Yeah. I mean, I'm, I want to, like you said, I want to start streaming.
I want to try to build my brand and be more out there
and show personality because I think it's definitely hard
to show, like, outfits, your fashion,
because we have to wear suits to all the games and
nba and football they can wear whatever so that's why i've been trying post a little bit more like
fashion post on instagram lately and still have more to come uh just be up just trying to be a
fun guy for people to follow and i'm having a good time doing it too.
You did that video.
The kid did a little dribble demonstration
and then you went out and bought a basketball
and did a pretty good imitation of him.
Was that the type of stuff you like?
Yeah.
People were tagging me in it.
I saw the video
and it was this Twitter account
telling me to at least patterson
can you please do this so i was like oh let's do it so when i went to canadian tire bought a
basketball and just did it took took 30 30 1 30 60 seconds and people loved it. So, and just a quick thing like that,
just make like I'm having such a good time with it
and the people enjoyed it too.
So.
Goes a long way and the fans love it.
I was going to ask you just from living in Vancouver,
is there anything else, you know,
outside of playing hockey like you go out and do,
whether it's right around the seawall?
I go scootering a lot.
The founder of Spin, he's a Canucks fan,
so he saw me and Quinn driving a Spin scooter in Tampa Bay.
So he's like, yo, this made my day.
Let me send you guys some scooters. All right.
Send us some and you send us four to me, Quinn, Brock and Tanev.
And we've been ripping him ever since. So, so fun.
When's the last time you rode a unicycle?
I was a while ago.
This morning while I was doing abs.
Yeah. I mean, it's a part of the workout routine.
Put a clown costume on.
No, it's been months since last time, actually.
You won a gold medal, world champion.
You can call yourself a world champion forever.
Was that in Denmark 2018?
Like, take us through that tournament.
What was your role on
the team how did that all go down um yeah that was uh that was a fun tournament i mean
i didn't play i got i broke my thumb that tournament so basically yeah but uh he's like
actually i didn't get a gold medal with thanks for bringing it up oh yeah denmark yeah that was fun um it's playing with that was like my first
opportunity to be with be around nhl players and it was a good experience for me to see like how they preparing for games like how
they are just normal people having fun playing hockey and I mean I was starstruck with some of
the players because I've been watching them growing up against Swiss I got a breakaway and I I hit the post and
broke my thumb so I missed the rest of the tournament but just the games I played and
still be with the team during the whole tournament was uh was a memory I'll never forget
yeah I want to talk about your coach for a sec Travis Green he's been your coach for the two
years you've been in the league guy seems to really like playing for him he's a former player
himself does he just let you run wild out there does he have you on any kind of leash what does
he tell you uh on the ice or off the ice what do you mean oh he used to run pretty hard himself so
he can't say shit about the office yeah you ain't fooling me travis i think he's still running pretty hard that's great uh no he travis is good i like him uh he's
uh he lets me play my game and um i mean he's always giving me like small tips what to think
about so me and him have a good um yeah i was gonna say connection but a good uh rapport
relationship yeah relationship rapport is a good one biz great job i struggle with the words i hate
you might have better english than me see i would have thought of connection first too but then i'd
be like oh it's a little romantic yeah and then i would have done the same thing you just put the
rb music on, light the candles.
Let's get it going.
Let's get it popping.
Don't get that wrong.
Hey, Grinelli, this is one of the young studs in the league.
You probably, you know, you're jarring into the social media
and all the craziness.
Do you have a question for him?
Yeah, you did a video with the on-the-bench guys.
How'd that go?
You played some goalie there, huh?
Oh, yeah.
That was so fun, actually. Yeah, I like being a goalie there, huh? Oh, yeah. That was so fun, actually.
Yeah, I like being a goalie.
So I told Arita I played soccer, but growing up, I played soccer the whole time.
I played soccer goalie, sorry.
We had a goal in our backyard back home.
And, of course, my brother is older older than me so young guy goes in the
net so that's where I got the interest of playing a goalie and then I I don't know when I start
playing in in that in hockey and I just like it your brother must have you know been a huge
influence for you he still plays over there. We mentioned that.
Growing up, was he giving you beatings or were you just always doing everything together?
What was the relationship like?
We've been having
a lot of battles.
I don't know how
many fights we've had or how many
times our parents broke us loose.
I think it was
one time I swinged
a floorball
stick over his neck or something
and the next time...
Yeah, we were going hard on each other, so
both of us hate to lose.
Whenever the other guy
won, the other guy got
rattled, so...
You made a joke about
listening to your father once in a while earlier
on. I'd imagine that you guys are very close,
and he's a big reason for a lot of your success.
Yeah, my family means everything to me.
They've been my support from day one and are still my support.
And the way I am today with two people is because of them.
So they've been an influence to me this whole time, The way I am today with two people is because of them.
They've been an influence to me this whole time.
I wouldn't be here without them.
Peter, you and Brock Besser have some nice chemistry together.
We see a lot of dynamic duos throughout the league.
Some guys just click with for no reason.
You just get out there and share the same mentality.
Yeah, with Dane cocky uh pretty similar uh i mean he likes to shoot more than pass but uh oh he's a good shooter so i understand he shoots a lot but that's pretty much it yeah no um i mean we're
good friends off the ice and that just transforms to
to have good chemistry on the ice uh we're hanging out almost every day uh during the season so
yeah it's just yeah it's fun it's fun do you think he's got better hair than you or do you
think he got better hair or do you guys do you guys compete share share product advice? I don't know if he uses it.
Yeah, he uses some products.
He has the better hair.
I got to admit that.
Yeah, he's got some of the best hair in the league.
You brought up golf, so I got to get in there.
When did you start playing?
What's the handicap?
What's the golf background?
Handicap now is 4.2.
Oh, so we can play, boys. Oh, no yeah that's hand i mean if you can juggle on a unicycle you're hand i guy okay so i'm lefty on hockey but i play golf right
same same here but well maybe i'm a lefty maybe that's why are you putting are you a lefty. Maybe that's why I'm so sure. Are you putting lefty now? No, I'm putting righty.
But say if I play baseball, I play lefty.
Same here.
We're the same so far.
So if I throw a football, I throw it righty.
If I throw a baseball, I throw it lefty.
Yeah, vice versa.
I right in my right and throw in my left.
I think we're ambidextrous, but obviously it's the fifth overall pick thing.
I guess it's just, you know, sorry, Biz.
I think every time Whit mentions fifth overall, the Quebec peewee term,
we need to have Petey pop up to tell that moto story just to remind him.
Yeah, just to bring him back down a little.
I love that.
Hey, is there any sports you're not good at?
Obviously basketball because I watched you dribble,
but anything other than that
i mean i'm not that good of a dribbler at basketball i can shoot the ball all right
but i'm not a good dribble that move i or that dribble move that i did is pretty easy but i'm
not like a good what about tennis guy like i feel like the lot of the Finns I know are into tennis.
Is that the same in Sweden?
Yeah.
I love playing tennis.
My grandpa had a  he has a court on his yard.
So every time we visited there, we always play.
So I've been a tennis guy my whole life.
Who's your favorite player to watch uh federer the goat i'd say well that's part of what i was going to ask them next ra i
was going to ask like who who are like your your favorite celebrities if you could meet a couple
people like who would it be um yeah i'd say that's a hard one that's a lot really i thought for sure you would have a few
of them that you were gonna bang off yes okay so steph curry i use steph curry lebron james
king james what's the other one? Is it another NBA-er?
No, those two.
Whit doesn't like how they dive so much,
so he definitely wouldn't like soccer.
No, I actually like soccer.
I like soccer.
Soccer is diving.
I'm just not a big NBA guy.
But obviously, what those guys do, they're freak athletes.
So if you could change one rule in the NHL, it'd be the fact that you're able to
walk into the rink in whatever outfit you want to
wear besides a suit.
Yeah, I would
like to dress the way I want to.
When we get Bettman on, I'll tell him.
I'll tell him that you're asking for it.
Did Vancouver... You can have his shoes.
Did Vancouver make a team rule for
when you guys were in the bubble, They said players can dress how they want,
but I know some teams made guys wear certain things.
What did Vancouver make you guys wear?
Yeah, so we didn't hear about if we're going to have an outfit,
so I was getting kind of excited to wear whatever I want.
But three or four days before we left to Edmonton,
we got slack pants.
We got a blue golf shirt and Adidas NMD shoes.
You were loving it.
Yeah.
You were loving the khaki look.
Yeah.
I mean, I brought some outfits if we were going to change for one game,
but no.
Well, that's all I got.
You got one already?
I was going to ask him what he does.
Kill time.
You're a big movie TV guy.
Watch a lot of Netflix, Prime, that type of stuff.
Yeah.
I kill a lot of time playing PS4 and Xbox.
I have both because all the guys in the team play Xbox
and all my friends back home play PS4.
That's a baller move.
So watch Netflix, TV, chill on scooters, go shopping.
Go shopping, Will, here and there and there hey you're living your best
life man you deserve it uh we want to thank you very much i think you bring up the the gaming
hopefully we see you streaming with grinnelly at some point i think that'd be a killer combo
maybe at least uh even help your following grow more do you get do you get sick of everybody
butchering your name or you your name was a disaster for the first year and a half. Yeah, I know. I mean,
people still here in North America still can't
pronounce the Swedish way or say
the Swedish way.
And the Swedish way is Elias
Pettersson. That's what I tried to do
at the beginning. I don't know how good.
Another version? That was like a mixture
I think of the both. Yeah, Elias
Pettersson, but now I like
it Elias Pettersson. All no, I like it. Elias Pettersson.
All right.
Well, buddy, it's great to finally chat with you.
What a first few years you've had in this league.
And we appreciate you coming on.
We want to say thanks so much to our new friend, Petey,
for jumping on the chat with us, man.
Like I said, colorful character.
I love the Swedes.
I love the Euros.
We got to get more of these guys on biz.
I'm going to send him a clip, a YouTube,
of one of my goals so he'll believe I was
in the NHL after what he saw.
Lundqvist, when he went
on Lundqvist's glove upstairs, that'd be the one
to send him. Wasn't that your first ever goal?
Yeah, first. It wasn't like shelf.
It was more middle than that. It might have been beneath
his glove. I might have beat him.
What are the odds that when he ever dropped that,
that he was at that game in Ormskogsvik,
when I'm just out there,
legit Bambi in and around,
I look like happy Gilmore tryouts.
Oh,
that was some classic stuff.
How about,
how about when I ran into him at the rocks,
you had completely forgot about that.
And I knew right from,
I went up and shook his hand.
I'm like,
this guy is a cool dude. He's kind of like, he had the high fashion. He up and shook his hand i'm like this guy's a cool dude he's kind of like he had the high fashion he was feeling himself i'm like
fucking right this guy's a stud so uh big thanks to him for coming on i always try to grow his uh
his whole social brand and and get more in touch with his audience so check him out following him
on his uh instagram twitter and uh you'll see some really funny stuff from a very interesting
character in the national hockey league. Yeah.
I was certainly happy to help him out as well.
A couple more news items here.
No surprise,
but the winter classic and all-star game have been postponed.
These are obviously two road trips.
We always look forward to a little bit of yin and yang this year.
It would have been Minnesota and Florida.
I was really looking forward to the all-star game in South Florida.
And I definitely know the whip dog was to hit up some courses down there, man.
They got some beauties.
Yeah. We probably wouldn't be able to get a sandbag on with, with Patterson.
One of those tracks down there.
I actually rented a house in Jupiter for February.
I'm going to be golfing. I am so fired up.
Let me know if you have a sick track you want to play with me in Jupiter,
but I really want to talk about peter millar and the
fuse vest because this thing is so sick biz it's the perfect vest because you know what it it lets
you move in it you get optimal optimal mobility that's what's nice and also it's it's wind
resistant so if you're talking about uh tough weather if maybe you're you're going over on a
trip to to scotland or banning dun, you know there's going to be wind,
but you want to have your arms not too hot.
You want to have your arms free.
You chuck the fuse vest on.
And I just want everyone to know that the exterior being wind-resistant
is nice, but it's finished with a two-way zip in front,
so it won't get in the way of your view while you're putting,
and that's the real game-changer in all this.
So go to petermillard.com slash chicklets.
Use code CHICKLETS at the checkout for a complimentary performance hat.
It's nice shit they got, so check it out.
The vest is where it's at, and please go now,
petermillard.com slash chicklets.
Use the code CHICKLETS.
Thank you for listening.
What were they going to give you extra? What was the extra gift? now peter millar.com slash chicklets use use the code chicklets thank you for listening what what
what were they going to give you extra what was the extra gift complimentary uh hat a performance
hat oh hey i was going to say they should do the glove because you got to be put with the glove on
folks i know you guys saw my birdie in the sandbagger hey all these guys were chirping me
we're bringing it back everything everything comes back around. Bell bottoms, R.A. can speak to that.
He's been wearing them every 10 Halloweens.
They always come back around, okay?
So make sure you get your Peter Millar,
and maybe they'll start throwing in the nice fancy glove, the putting glove.
Jupiter, huh?
What was Ma's book from the chicklets bump I gave it the last month?
Neptune was out of reach.
Saturn was sold out.
Yeah, I'm with you here.
And Biz's Uranus has all ran out.
Who's getting ruined during this play are predictions.
Oh, my goodness.
I got bent over.
We have to give some pick.
I just got like every one I was an L.
What was your final record?
I had two series.
I might have got two.
Dude, between that and the Warthog fucking stuff,
it's been like memes has enough to fucking save him for the next year he's been destroying us speak speaking
of i gotta tell you this story my mother-in-law gave me this gift can you guys make that out
can you guys see it i don't looks like a beer hogwarts mug yeah right so i see it and i was
like oh hogwarts harry potter like and she's like oh from the show and I'm like we have so
many fucking jokes over the years like
some of gold my head I'm thinking when did we make
a Harry Potter joke I'm like I'm
like I can't and she's like and then she
she does the tusks I was like
oh you mean the water you
didn't put the Hogwarts together
no well because I know that was Harry Potter
so I got on that fucking
tunnel vision
we both smoke a lot of weed that might have gone over my head i would have been like i don't watch
harry potter the fuck are you talking about which podcast are you listening to that's are you cheating
on me i was baffled i'm like we don't have a lot of and i was cheating the tusks he started dying
laughing i was like oh the one oh you got a free mug though you
got a free mug absolutely man you know what you should be putting in that mug well i'm gonna save
it for later but i think wait listen we know well that too but i have a budweiser ad coming up and
i tell you what if i was saying you practiced it i haven't already just sent it but he was talking
about a mug and i was gonna say speaking of mugs you know we should be pouring into it a nice cold budweiser and then i would get some sexy ad but let's not
do it right now i'm gonna save it all right let's not uh speaking of sexy teasing the people with an
ad that's fucking brilliant you want some fucking you want some electricity you never know i could
be stumbling out of the gates it might take me 45 fucking minutes or i might nail it so i'll be
we try to tease big interviews and funny stories,
business teas and ads.
Pressure's on.
We've been talking about new
uniforms and third jerseys and fourth
jerseys and reverse retros. Well, the
Dallas Stars fucking
dropped the new... The Dallas Stars
dropped the new neon uniforms.
That was extra obnoxious.
You know, Dallas, I don't know what building it in dallas that it's got that neon green it's
basically the the skyline defining building in dallas well they dropped their new jersey that
took that neon green i like it man and what what did you think of it is is it obnoxious somebody
put it next to the the monster energy drink jersey and it looked identical listen i think they're
funky like i mean for a couple nights i don't know how looked identical listen i think they're funky like i mean
for a couple nights i don't know how many times of the year they're gonna wear those i don't i
don't know i'm not sure if they determine that day who the fuck knows what they're gonna play
but well like i think like for like six nights of the year maybe on a condensed schedule but like i
you know i like their i like their jerseys now i i mean these these ones where you mix in every now
and then but i don't i don't know i'm not like over the moon about it i think it's okay kids will like it they'll probably
sell a shitload of them that's well there you go yeah that's the market that's all course that's
that's the name of the game get that hrr up but uh some rappers are going to be wearing that jersey
for sure hundo p someone um tweeted the pitch ryan reynolds from uh green lantern when he made that awful movie a few years ago.
And Anthony Stewart tweeted out Mr. Burns from The Simpsons when he was glowing green.
That basically became a little bit of a Twitter meme, but people seem to like it either way.
But moving right along for our friend Elliot Friedman, the reporter said the AHL is going to start on February 5th.
And the AHL did confirm the news later with their press release.
Their board of governors approved that date.
It's still tentative, I guess, but that's the date circled right now.
And our other friend, Jeff Marrick, said the OHL's general managers meeting
had concluded, and he had some details.
This season is going to start February 4th.
Training camps can start January 23rd.
European and American players arrive January 8th,
then they quarantine.
It's going to be a 40-game season.
Four teams from each conference will make the playoffs,
so eight teams total.
Jeff also said there was no discussion about that contact issue.
Remember, some politicians said they were going to play,
but there wouldn't be any contact, which made no fucking sense.
Jeff said teams assume that's not going to happen.
Thank Christ.
Then there was no discussion about fans during the meeting,
but that's not really a surprise.
The OHL season would conclude May 16th.
And a reminder that the Memorial Cup has already been pushed back
and will run June 17th through the 27th.
So, I don't know, a couple of leagues planning on starting.
Obviously, we'll see what happens in the interim.
A couple of retirements to announce as well.
Trevor Daly retired after 16 NHL seasons and he went to work for the
Penguins. He of course won two Stanley cups there.
And now he's going to work with hockey operations advisor to Jim Rutherford
with the Penguins and longtime coyote Martin Hunzel.
He officially hung them up as well. He spent 10 seasons in the desert, finished up with Dallas,
battled a lot of back injuries at the end.
He did say when I went to see the doctor again,
it was either do another surgery or be done playing.
Even the doctor said, we're not sure another surgery will help.
I still have a long life ahead of me.
I don't want to do another surgery when it's not a hundred percent.
It won't even help.
So these guys, a couple of warriors, we want to give them congratulations.
Nice job.
Great job on their careers.
I played with Marty.
I was going to say, because you must have played with him.
Yeah, he was always dealing with the back issues, man.
He played a heavy game.
He was a bigger guy.
And yeah, ultimately, it took his career too soon.
But he was big for us that year.
We went to the conference finals.
And even in the first two years I was there,
the organization had made playoffs for the first time and he was that
that big presence had a really good run with verbata and uh ray whitney they were there were
our go-to lines during that cup run where fucking la spanked us so great career marty you got uh you
got some nice paydays too yeah good for him And also we want to let you know that these announcements
have been brought to you by our friends at Budweiser Canada.
And Biz, I know you had a little more info for us.
Let me pick that up right there.
Where's the ad read?
Budweiser Ultimate Sports Sweeps is on now, available across Canada.
In specially marked cases of Budweiser is your chance to win tickets
to both the Super Bowl and the Stanley Cup Final, plus other epic sports prizes.
You'll also be able to redeem a coupon for a free bag of Ruffles chips in each one of these specifically marked cases.
That was a tough word.
Game time is our time.
Visit UltimateSportsSweeps.com for more info. That's UltimateSportsSweeps.com for more info that's ultimate sports sweeps.com for
more info no purchase necessary must must be legal drinking age and there's the dismount
for the budweiser canada ladies and gentlemen over here good little stumble but i recovered
all right yeah i had i had halloween costumes written down but i don't
know i'm kind of bummed i haven't actually gone to a party in years but i'm kind of bummed i really
wish i could have like got gussied up because as you saw my photos i sent you earlier i when it
comes to halloween i i go all in boys i don't know all you're gonna do did you see that house
somewhere in texas that the guy he you everyone, people go crazy for Halloween. This guy had like
fake dismembered bodies on
his lawn and on his porch with like fake
blood all over the place and people kept calling the
cops. People were in dead
bodies. He had like one fake body with
like a safe had fallen and hit him in the head and
like fake blood and brains
everywhere. That's
going all fucking out for Halloween.
Unbelievable. Speaking of Grinnell, he's dressed as me in the summertime right now with that mask on that is about the same tone do you
have any good uh good halloween stories with what the what are you gonna dress the kid up as this is
more about the parents now that you have a kid oh yeah he's a uh he's a hammerhead shark he loves
sharks so we got his hammerhead shark costume.
It's phenomenal.
It's actually my dad's birthday.
Shout out Big Dan Whitney on Halloween.
So it's always fun for us.
And the scarecrow tat.
Yeah, so I'll probably send him a picture of your tattoo as a gift.
Happy birthday, Dad.
Tell the Bugsy story.
Oh, I dressed up as Bugsy one year.
I've told that.
I got a bunch of tattoos on my chest. I had the shirt open wide. I had a big-ass Bugsy one year. I've told that. I got a bunch of tattoos on my chest.
I had the shirt open wide.
I had a big-ass Bugsy wig on.
And then I just carried around a bottle of Jager all night
and did the Bugsy voice.
So that was pretty funny.
We got wrecked.
What about the Halloween party where you and Bugsy both dressed up?
I think you were dressed up as Wendy's and you paid someone for a wig.
Ned was in town for that.
Was it Nashville?
No, it was in Pittsburgh.
I don't remember the bar we were at.
I had the Wendy's wig on.
Who was he?
He was some sort of fast food character, I believe.
Another story, the last time I told this, I remembered what he was,
but we just got buckled.
Then we're sprinting down Carson Street in our costumes. I got the Wendy's wig wig on and people are like that's whitney that's malone he's chasing me
down we actually ran into diesel uh biz we ran upstairs and next thing i see like came around
the corner he'd already got a slice of pizza and slapped me in the face with it so that was just
the halloween parties were the funnest time. One of the funnest parties of the year.
It was every year, guys.
You always did a day off or maybe you didn't have a day off.
You just all grinded through the next day together.
But, oh, my God.
This is also before social media.
At a certain point, too, guys started spending some serious dough on these Halloween costumes.
Yes, yes.
Shaddy did the dude from Game of Thrones.
No, one year he did the Night King.
What was that?
Is it the Night King?
The Ice King?
He did him.
It must have cost him a couple Gs.
It was legit like Hollywood cost him.
So you don't think many people are going to be doing the fancy ones this year?
I mean, I'm sure there's going to be like a virtual Halloween or something.
Yeah, I mean, there's definitely going to be young kids having fucking parties who won't
give a fuck i mean that's that's all they've been bitching about in massachusetts yeah no shit yeah
we should have a costume contest each one of us has to submit a photo and we have our fans vote
on it i think i could beat you guys no oh you would put you would think you got nothing to do
all day besides thinking you cost him.
You'd have some like you'd have like a staff over like building a costume around you for three days straight.
And we'd get all dummied in the competition. I've been checking out a couple of new shows, obviously.
Like I said last week, got to catch up on my TV and movies biz. I don't know if you have stars or not.
I actually it was only ninety 99 cents during prime day.
So I got stars for like 99 cents for two months. There's a show on it.
It's called P Valley P being sure. Okay. Sure. I'm intrigued.
I just signed up.
I literally just said, dude, it's a show. It's a,
it's about a black strip joint in the mississippi delta like i had heard
about it i i got stars i put on i'm about four reps in it's fucking fantastic man i i mean there's
not a lot of familiar faces on it maybe one or two but so far so good man i uh it's just a real
different show i mean i haven't been too many tv shows about a strip joint let alone a predominantly
black one located in the Mississippi Delta
and all the assorted characters that come in.
Based on a true story?
I don't believe so.
I mean, it might be inspired by, you know, strip joints in that area.
I'm not too familiar with the Mississippi Delta, but I'm a few episodes in.
It's definitely good shit.
If you've got Showtime, there's a pretty good docu-series airing lately
about the Comedy Store, the fabled comedy club in Los Angeles.
If you haven't seen it, it's worth checking out, man.
It's a pretty big part of comedy history in America.
So if you're interested in that, by all means, check it out.
Without spoiling it for the people who haven't seen it,
did you guys watch Bullrat?
Oh, yeah.
That's the other one, yeah.
I saw the first one.
Okay.
Well, let's give it oh i guess we'd have
to talk about it a month from now i just i'll say this all right it didn't do it for me like
the first one but it's still remarkable how he's able to pull off some of these these scenes and
like the one with his daughter dancing oh my god that was like gruesome i couldn't we won't we
won't yeah we won't gruesome is the right word to summarize it, but that's it. But there were some scenes, man, that were wild. It just,
I felt like it gave me the, like, he, he wasn't,
he wasn't the character as good in this one,
given there probably had been so much time that had passed.
It's kind of like when the dumb and dumber guys went back to being dumb and
dumber finally again, where they just kind of like, weren't,
it wasn't during that time. So it just felt off a little bit to me and i also think it landed flat yeah i mean i'd say maybe an hour and i was
starting to get a little disinterested but correct i think also biz that what's changed is 14 years
ago you kind of had to entice people to say really stupid shit in front of a microphone on the news
nowadays you don't have to really prod too many people to do it they're kind of willing to do it
pretty easily and i know a couple people have already complained that they were framed different it's like dude
you had two strangers knock on your door have you sign all these papers and fucking you get
interviewed and then you're gonna be like oh i got set up it's like what the fuck do you think
like just random strangers show up with foreign accents and they want to tape you like you should
that should have been a fucking clue yeah you gotta have your radar on there yeah sick pr team yeah seriously so all right well that's the the pop culture part of the
episode now we do have some sad news we need to get to uh obviously uh beloved edmonton locker
room attendant for the oilers in the then edmonton eskimos joey moss he passed away at 57 surrounded
by family he was a universally beloved figure,
not only in Edmonton, but the sports world. He was inducted into the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame
back in 2015. He was presented with an NHL All-Star Award a couple of years back. Family
released a statement. They requested that in lieu of flowers, donations could be made to the
winifredstuart.com. It's an organization that empowers people with
disabilities. Joey had Down syndrome. If you want to donate, just go to the site and click on
donate. It's winifredsteward.com. There's two N's in Winifred and also Elliot Friedman has the tweet
pinned on his page. That might be easier for you. Whit, obviously you were in Edmonton. You spent
some time with Joey. Share some with us. Oh, this was tough news to get.
You know, there's certain people like you meet in life
and you get the chance to be around.
They'll never, ever forget like the moments you had with them.
And this guy was unreal.
And so my, you know, what I knew about Joey before I got to Edmonton
was I just remember seeing him in the 06 Cup Finals
when he would belt out the anthem.
He always sat like first row right behind the bench, behind the trainers,
and he's belting out the anthem.
It was unreal, and everyone kind of saw him
and just what he meant to the team.
And there was different stories.
I think NBC at the time did a story about what he meant
and what his role was with the Oilers.
And for people who don't know, Wayne Gretzky actually was dating his sister,
Vicky, and in 84, I think, convinced or the Oilers agreed, you know, he could come on and help. And
so at the time it was, it was Barry Stafford was the equipment manager, along with Sparky, who
Lyle Kuchiski, I hope I'm getting his name right, but Sparky, you were always just Sparky to me,
I apologize, but I'm trying to get the story correct. And then Kenny Lowe came on later as
an athletic trainer. But so he came in, they just they just hit it off, right? Like this guy was
so happy to be there. He also worked for the Edmonton Eskimos. 30 years he worked for these
guys. And he became one of the boys. When I tell you I got in and met him,
you think like it's one thing. And then all of a sudden, when he's talking with everyone,
he's giving people shit, guys are giving him shit. He was just so much fun to be around. And
he would do certain things every day that would make everyone laugh. Like he lived life to the
fullest. This guy was so happy. And I think that he did so much more for guys who got to meet him
than they think they did for him. If that more for for guys who got to meet him than than
they think they did for him if that makes any sense I got to talk to Gags today Sam Gagne who
wrote an awesome piece in the Players Tribune go check it out about what Joey Moss meant to him
they were really close I caught I talked to Hork Gags is going to come on and tell some of the
stories the way he's got a great memory so we're going to get to that at some point in this next month but um just going over some old
things like this guy loved wwe he loved wrestling so much and the year one of the years i was there
penner and him would have these wrestling matches dude they were full-blown pay-per-view matches
50 people that's all i heard about the whole organization would be in the room and everyone would be absolutely going bananas as joey would get brought in he'd get brought in with his music
he'd play the villain you know penner would be swinging this guy around his around his head it
was unreal like the actual wrestling match they had and about four minutes in jo Joey would take it. The place would erupt. As he three, Sparky would get down.
One, two, three.
Monster!
Place goes nuts.
I actually have a video of it.
I'll play the reaction as he pins him.
I mean, the music starts pumping.
He's dancing.
He'd be singing.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
He's unreal at singing that.
So there were so many other things.
Gags reminded me.
Oh, dude, this guy.
No one in the world could drink hotter coffee than Joey Moss.
He would take a pot of coffee that just came off.
Thousand degrees. He'd throw it in the microwave for a buck 50, a buck 50. That's 110 seconds. If my math's correct.
And he would sip on this thing. That'd be burning through a styrofoam cup. No problem. He must've
burnt all of his taste buds or feeling off of his tongue because he crushed
coffee at the highest temperature known to man gags goes uh we one time we lost him at the bar
because guys take him to the bar we took him to wrestlemania at the movie theater we would have
him over guys would have him over guys would bring him to dinner every night and uh gags they took
him to the bar they lost him and they look on dance floor, and he's line dancing to a country song.
Part Oil City.
Just Cogs.
Cog Liano bought him a new watch.
And every time it broke, he would go right to Cogs
and ask him for a new one.
Like Cogs was the watch guy on the team.
Oh, I love this guy.
Hey, Ryan Jones went and bought this guy a 75-inch TV,
and everyone went to his place at the big TV.
He already had a 65-incher.
He just wanted a little bigger one.
So he was a bully.
I love it.
Oh, so then, like, guys would do this all the time.
You know, Joey, you know, no beers, right?
Maybe if there was a special treat, Joey could have a little bit of a beer. I don't know. I don't know, Joey, you know, no beers, right? Maybe if there's a special treat,
Joey can have a little bit of a beer.
I don't know.
I don't know how that went down,
but no beers allowed.
And so like Hork would go over
and like Joey would be sitting down
and just slide a beer next to him
and be like, Sparky, Sparky,
Joey's got a beer.
And Sparky come flying in
and be like, Mosser,
are you two minutes penalty box?
You have to go stand outside
the locker room for two minutes,
right when his time was up,
come back in.
Just nonstop, like him fucking with guys and guys fucking with him,
like he was one of the  which was one of the best people ever.
I think he's going to be so missed.
And like I said, read Gag's article.
So many former players said different things on social media, Instagram,
Twitter, remembering him.
And what really sucks is that what's going on with COVID and the borders,
because there would have been an amazing turnout to celebrate his life.
And that, that sucks.
So somebody that'll never be forgotten.
Anyone who ever met him will never forget him.
And certainly anyone who got to spend a lot of time with them, those Oilers.
And then I should have bring up now uh jeff lang and harry are there now with td4s and these guys who
once the old staff moved on nothing changed with joey right he was he was with everyone else and
everyone took care of him and we're all gonna miss him so uh rest in peace joe moss 57 amazing years
and anyone who met you was really lucky awesome
thank you
hell of a tribute and again we want to send
from the Chicklets family our deepest
sympathies to Joey's family and many many
friends around the world we were terribly
saddened to hear about it so
again I think that'll wrap up this week's
episode hopefully everybody enjoyed it
have a great weekend and
you'll hear from us again next
week. As always, we'd like to thank our fantastic sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets. So big thanks
to our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney. Nice thank you to our friends over at
NHTSA for keeping everybody safe on the roadways. Big thanks to our longtime friends at Roman for
taking care of the fellas. Big thanks to everybody over at Cross Country Mortgage. Hopefully you're
taking advantage of them if you're looking to refi or buy a
house.
Thanks to everybody at Peter Malar for making us look good on the golf course
and a huge thanks to our friends at Bud Canada.
Making sure you're taking everybody up north.
Have a great week, everybody.
They did the monster man.
It was a graveyard smash.
It caught on in a flash. They did the Monster Man. The Monster Man. It was a graveyard smash. They did the Man.
It caught on in a flash.
They did the Man.
They did the Monster Man.
The zombies were having fun.
The party had just begun.
The guests included Wolfman, Dracula, and his son.
The scene was rocking, all were digging the sounds.
Igor on chains, backed by his baying hound. The coffin bangers were about to arrive
with their vocal group, the Crypt Kicker Five.
They played the match.
They played the monster match.
The monster match.
It was a graveyard smash. They played the match. It was a graveyard smash
It caught on in a flash
They played the Monster Mash
Out from his coffin Max hoisted ring
