Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 306 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam
Vodka here in the Barstool Sports podcast family. What's up gang? Hopefully everybody's doing well.
Just want to remind you in case you forgot or weren't aware it's interview only episodes for
the entirety of November and we have another pair of interviews on tap for you today.
Sounds like everyone enjoyed talking Turk last week. So we thank you very much for listening and tuning in on this episode.
We have longtime pro Jeremy Jablonski,
and we also have Dylan Playfair from the very popular TV show,
A Letter Kenny. So we've got some good stuff coming for you.
First,
we want to let you know that this interview is brought to you by Cross
Country Mortgage,
America's crazy good mortgage company who make it easier to get the
financing you need fast.
good mortgage company who make it easier to get the financing you need fast.
Go to ccmlens.com slash NBD to learn more about your future home buying or refinancing experience.
NMLS 3029, equal housing opportunity. And now enjoy Jeremy Yablonski.
Well, our next guest is a Saskatchewan guy who played hockey professionally for 13 seasons.
Though he was never drafted, he did make it to the NHL as a 23-year-old with the St. Louis Blues and had a fight during his appearance at the National.
He's won both a Calder Cup and a Kelly Cup while protecting his teammates in both the Coast and the AHL.
He's also won six Golden Gloves boxing championships up in Canada.
Thanks so much for joining us on Spitting Shitlets.
Jeremy Yablonski.
Awesome. Thanks for having me, guys. I appreciate all this.
Absolutely, man. A resume like that, I definitely wouldn't want to meet you in a dark alley.
I'm just really a big teddy bear.
Unless we could buy something from you.
I did meet him in a dark alley, but it was the fucking Binghamton Arena.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Me and Biz sure had our boats out on the ice.
That's for darn sure.
Well, you bambied me the first one, and then I'm like, okay.
Did he, Biz?
He bambied you?
Oh, my goodness.
And I got the first one out of the way, so I was like, hey, I had my guy.
I did my job.
And then you fucking ran with one of our guys again,
and I had to fight you a second time.
I remember that game too.
I think it was that you had a big tall guy on your team,
more meaner than somebody, and he was flying.
I mean, yeah, I just buried him on the boards.
And as soon as I did that, I knew you were on the ice,
and I was like, oh, fuck business, Tom.
And I turned my shoulder right away.
And sure enough, you're right there.
Hey, I talk about this all the time.
So that was the year where they introduced those tighter-fitting jerseys.
And you were skating around the ice, and your head was like a cherry tomato,
and it looked like a choke chain on you because it was so tight
because you were so jacked.
Yeah, they were literally like fitted jerseys, you know?
Like you get fitted for a tux, they're like fitted on the side. And, yeah, they were literally like fitted jerseys. Like, you know, like you get fitted for a tux, they're like fitted on the side.
And yeah, they were snug.
Yeah, for sure, man.
Well, thank you so much for coming on.
I mean, we've mentioned you, as I said, quite a few times.
Of course, you've got a long, long history of not only fighting,
but playing in a lot of different places, Russia being one of them.
We'll get into that.
But, you know, growing up, I mean, R.A. touched on it, gold
glove boxer. I would imagine that
that's where you got all your skills to transfer
over to the ice? Yeah, definitely.
Obviously, hockey
was always my first love, like probably most
of us. But I had an old
coach, Jim Kirby was his name.
Jim Kirby passed on a few years ago, but
he actually used to train Lennox Lewis at one time
way back in the day, before Lennox Lewis actually won the Olympics for Canada.
And he retired and he moved out to Meadow Lake and he ran the Legion.
And we, you know, one of our buddies of ours, a friend of ours, got him to open up a boxing club.
And so we just kind of like, heck yeah, I'll do that.
You know, I was young, God, you know, 12, 13 years old.
But, you know, and then just got into boxing and it was something I'll do that. You know, I was young, God, you know, 12, 13 years old. But, you know, and then just got into boxing,
and it was something I did alongside hockey, and I just loved it.
And it was one of those things, right?
And, you know, you can only take it so far.
And obviously, you know, getting into junior hockey,
you couldn't really keep with it.
And it's not that I wanted to make a career out of it.
I just liked to do it for the time I was able to.
Good old Sasky boy.
I mean, you said hockey is definitely your first love.
Who was your team growing up?
Or were you even like a huge NHL fan?
Yeah, definitely.
So, Meadowlakes is about four hours from Edmonton.
So, you know, I always cheered for the Oilers, right, growing up.
The 80s and stuff, watching all the Oilers.
So, that was definitely my team growing up.
Yeah, but I want to ask, which boxes did you grow up watching or rooting for?
I'm curious which era you kind of came of age in boxing-wise.
You know, I'm trying to think back now.
You know, obviously Mike Tyson was big to watch back then, right?
Yeah.
He was young.
He was coming in.
So, you know, it was kind of that kind of an era of the boxing
where there were still a lot of bigger heavyweights around, right?
Like now there's still heavyweights around, but there wasn't the numbers there were still a lot of bigger heavyweights around right like now they're
they're still heavyweights around but there wasn't the numbers there were back then um although Mike
Mike was you know knocking the shit out of everybody back then um but I did love his style
he's ferocious man he was one of a kind absolutely incredible boxer are you still a fan or has the
sports shading has kind of pushed you away no I definitely still a fan I you still a fan, or has the sports shading just kind of pushed you away? No, I'm definitely still a fan.
I'm definitely still a fan. Actually, what's pretty cool
is when I got to Russia,
I became very good friends with
Alexander Povetkin and
Denis Lebedev, and Povetkin
actually just won the WCB heavyweight
championship just a couple weeks ago again.
He lost
it to somebody previously,
and then he was coming back for it,
and he lost a fight to Klitschko.
And then he had two other fights come back, and so he won that again.
So I'm not sure where he's going to go from there,
but I definitely, you know, since I know him, I do root for him.
How did you become buddies with those guys,
just running around with the owner of VTS?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So the owners of VTS, he has a boxing over there in Russia as well.
So VTS Boxing, right?
That's where Povetian and Lebedev fight out of.
And so they're right in Chekhov.
They've got a great facility there for boxing.
And so when we had a lot of recovery days,
like at the Banya and stuff, on recovery days,
they would always show up and they're just
great humble guys they're they really are and both of them you know they both hit like tanks
i've seen them train in the gym and i'm just like damn you know pro heavyweight boxers hit at a
different caliber like yeah but you seem like the guy who's always willing and actually excited to
get into scraps when you were growing up playing minor and then in transitioning to junior were you kind of always the guy that was doing that or at what
point did it really turn on in order to be the the enforcer on the ice yeah you know so obviously
fighting you know i did a little bit of fighting you know before junior hockey right triple a
midget i played in prince albert and then you know when i went to, you know, when I went to camp, you know, so I was drafted to the WHL to Kloner Rockets.
And during the year, I got traded to the Edmonton Ice.
That was Edmonton Ice, who is now Kootenai Ice,
who we went there later.
And we won the whole CHL that one year there as well.
But, yeah, that was at camp, you know.
So I was running around.
My whole thing was, well, still does, David, you know it.
I can skate pretty quick and I can hit well.
You know, I'm definitely not a goal scorer, but that was always my thing.
Just work hard, skate hard, you know, be a presence on the ice.
So I did that at camp for the Edmonton Ice.
And so obviously I was hitting people and people wanted to fight.
So I just kept  that's when it really turned on in a big way where you're fighting multiple times a game you know multiple times a
year that's when it really clicked over to you know this is definitely going to be a part of my
game and I truthfully I loved it I enjoyed it so well I was talking to your former teammate and
buddy a good friend of mine he's been on the show Josh Hennessy and he was telling me he's like
you know fucking yabbo. He goes, nobody knows.
Everyone knows how tough he is.
Nobody knows he was the fastest player in the world, straight line.
He just turned like a tugboat.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I did.
You know, I could turn okay, but not like, you know, not like Henny or anybody.
But, yeah, I'd always win a lot of the NHL in Ottawa or NASA.
We do, like, some speed stuff.
You know, I was always, like, first or second.
I remember in Ottawa, it was me and Anton Vermette.
We were like one and two.
And people were like, yeah, I'm like, you're fucking 240 pounds.
They're like, you know, and that's just, I'm really big in fitness and training.
And I have been my whole life, right?
So I really got into that big and learning like how to become explosive, right?
That was a big thing I trained on probably two years before I was in Binghamton there,
and then after, I still train to this day.
So I really enjoy that part of it.
I'm wondering, because sometimes the stats online
you read about somebody can be incorrect,
but 99-2000, did you play anywhere?
Because it doesn't have you listed as playing anywhere that year.
It was after Kootenai.
It was after you played in Edmonton for a year in the
dub and then kootenai for a year and then two years later you were on phoenix mustangs
yeah yeah so um oh shit i don't know how they have that on there so i played in edmonton
and they still don't have one game on there i've seen it a few places so i was a 20 year old in
kootenai um i got a big suspension in the exhibition, and it was carried over.
So I got traded to the Seattle Thunderbirds for fighting.
We had a big line brawl, you know, big line brawl.
And so I beat up a couple guys, you know.
And then I got a little suspension for that.
And then we had too many 20-year-olds, so I got traded to Seattle,
to the Thunderbirds.
And then, uh,
so I finished out my suspension,
played my,
I played one game there and I,
I'm sure I shit you not.
Um,
I scored two fucking goals.
Like,
and this is why I scored two goals and,
um,
I didn't even fight,
but at the end of the game,
I was in the box.
The game ended.
And then they,
um,
somebody ran somebody right by our boards,
and our whole team's on the ice.
So then I started, you know, obviously grabbed that guy, you know,
give this guy a fucking beating, you know, for what he did.
And then the league saw that as, like, coming out of the box.
So then I got suspended for, like, 12 or, like, 15 games.
And, you know, Chanel was the coach and Dean, great guy.
And he's like, you know, yeah, we're going to have to do it.
We're going to have to bring another 20-year-old in.
And then I ended up going over to Phoenix to play.
And that's how I got there.
Could you have ever imagined that it would turn into a professional career?
Like, did you have that in sight or were you over the moon when it kind of snowballed
and you ended up playing that many years career pro?
You know, definitely.
You know, obviously, you you know things go by fast now
that i looked at i always want to play hockey you know always want to try and make it to the nhl that
was the goal right and i knew i was gonna have to work for it right i knew i was gonna have to
grind it out in leagues and make a presence year after year and then hopefully get up there
and that's just kind of what i did um and definitely you know once i got you know got to
play a little bit in st louis and then um you know, got to play a little bit in St. Louis. And then, you know, I just kept, you know, stayed in the American League
and just tried to keep working my way in and, you know,
finding my way up, right?
And that's just the way it went.
Yeah, but you mentioned that suspension.
And I actually reached out to one of your former teammates, Derek Nesbitt,
who reminded me of another one.
So he was with the Idaho Steelhead.
And you weren't on this road trip.
They went up to Alaska. And I don't know if they were the defending champs,
but they were bullying the Idaho Steelhead.
So they ended up coming back to Idaho on a road trip,
and yourself and Matt Nickerson, people got to go YouTube this.
You guys ended up destroying an entire line on your own.
You ended up getting suspended for the i what i
think is the rest of the season and in the midst of that you line up a ufc fight in order to uh
to basically get the whole fucking fan base into it yeah you know you're exactly right too the boys
went up so what happened i think what really happened i had hurt my mcl a little bit so i
had to miss like a week off right and? And then Nickerson, he might have been either suspended
or they didn't take him on the trip.
They drove to Alaska, and, yeah, they did a line ball against our team.
We had no tough guys in the lineup.
And actually, our goalie, they gave our goalie a concussion.
So, you know, Heinze, their next game is back down in Boise.
And, you know, me and Nickerson are both playing.
And I'm just like, you know, I told I told Nikki, like, you know, just,
Hey, we'll find a time to do it. You know?
And we were literally went out that, that shift. And I was like, okay,
if I get a chance, there was some tall guy, I forget his name,
but I was like, I'm gonna try and get ahold of this fucking guy.
I said, and then we'll do this. Right. And then, so we did it. I mean, yeah.
And it got a little, it got a little nuts. You know,
we just started grabbing guy after guy and just, you know,
trying to just destroy their whole line because they were just all a bunch of
fucking fake-ass guys, right?
They didn't have any real big heavyweights, right?
And so we're just going to take care of business old school way, you know?
And we did.
So the funniest part of the story, though, is you guys end up getting suspended.
And by the way, Derek Nesbitt said it was a big turning point for you guys in the season.
You guys ended up going on some crazy run.
And that was the year you guys won the Kelly Cup.
But what was funny about it is how that ended up turning into what I believe is your first ever UFC event,
which happened during that season.
Could you tell the whole story behind that?
Yeah, definitely.
So one thing I've always done in the offseason is I've always had boxing as just part of my training, right? I would always do that. When I moved out to Boise, because I played there years ago. And so that was a home for me for 12 years before I've come out to Dallas here for the last four, right?
And when I moved there, I found some guys to train with,
and it was all, like, these MMA guys.
And so the summer before, I was training,
and just it was something I always did.
Like, oh, you know, yeah, you should get in a fight.
And I was like, oh, you know, I can.
Like, I have a contract.
And I was like, it's kind of hard to do that, you know, with hockey, right?
So then that happened, and I was like, well, hey, let me see.
You know, I'll see if I can get in a fight.
And then, you know, sure enough, I did.
I was like, they lined me one up.
And so that was the first time I actually got in the ring for an MMA fight.
So it was definitely fun.
I mean, I don't know.
It wasn't much of a fight.
Well, yeah, you're being modest.
You're being modest.
You knocked the guy out in 17 seconds.
Yeah, you know, all three of my first fights were like that.
You know, they went pretty quick, but it was fun, you know,
and it's one of those things, like we all know, in boxing as well,
you know, the training's the hardest part,
and I got to work with some guys that were amazing, like Nate Pettit.
He lives out in Vegas.
He trained, like, with Randy Coutures.
He's, like, his trainer.
So these are guys, like, who were in Boise, you know,
and they've all fought in the UFC at the highest level.
And so I got to work with these guys, and they just work the shit out of you.
I got to learn so much from those guys.
It was amazing. Eric Smith was an NCAA fucking champion wrestler out in Iowa.
That guy was like, I was 240.
He was like 220, and he picked me up,
and he would just fucking smash me on the mats
like time after time. His wrestling
was so good. One time, he
fucking put me through the wall, and
on parts of the wall, you have the mats,
and then the other mat goes up along
the wall. Well, he
picked me up and smashed me through the wall
through the mat one time, and we knocked some of
the roof down.
And I was like, like dude like he was and he was a great guy but i mean he was just he just toyed with me you know i got to learn so much from him so uh derek nesbitt also was describing how
they had you promote the fight and they ended up selling the whole arena out and giving you like
an extra bonus for it you had all the steelhead guys walking you out to to the mat with their jerseys on and they had your jersey in hand.
So after you got, you knocked the guy out,
who by the way, the guy had an absolute barrel on him.
Did he?
Yeah, he did.
Yeah, he was some karate guy.
He was the Zamboni driver.
Yeah, so actually, so Rudy was his first name.
I forget his last name.
But so at first I was supposed to fight
a Russian guy out of a camp in
Utah and that's who they were going to have
come down and they said that he did get injured
so like a week out I
didn't even think I was fighting actually
I didn't have anybody to fight and then literally the day
before the promoter called
hey we got a guy that'll fight and I was like
okay cool you know let's still do it
and then it was him.
And I, at first I'd looked at his record actually.
And I was like, this kind of like fucking like 30 fights or something.
And I was like, Jesus fuck. I'm like, who are you guys throwing me in with?
That's right. I'm like, all right, let's go. But I seen him.
And I was like, dude, this guy's like got a barrel on him. Right.
So, but I never, you know, you overlook an opponent,
an opponent it's the worst thing you can do, right?
Because I knew this guy had a big karate background, right?
So I'm like, well, I'm going to just watch myself.
This guy's going to come with some crazy kick and take my jibs out and embarrass me.
Yeah, well, I want to go back to early in your career.
You transitioned, you're in juniors, then you go into the pros,
you're in the West Coast Hockey League for a bit.
Then you go to Peoria in the East Coast Hockey League.
Was there any conversation with the higher-ups about getting to the NHL?
Was that a carrot they dangled, or were you just kind of happy to be there at that point?
Yeah, definitely.
So at the time, we were the West Coast Hockey League, right?
So for my style of play, I want to get called up somewhere.
You have to go out to the East Coast. That's where the tough teams were.
Every team had fucking two or three heavyweights like legitimately and that's where you're going
to make your mark you know that was one of the farm teams of the blues right it was them worcester
and then in massachusetts and then st louis right that was an organization right so um definitely
you know talking to my agents at the time like he adds you know you got all these other offers here
in the west coast now, but he's like,
you got to go out East. And I was like, all right, let's do it. Right.
And I'm still, you know, I'm thankful for Jason Christie,
who's the coach there who I'm still really good friends with to this day,
but he did a lot for me in my career at the start of it there to help me get
pushed up and do what I had to do, you know, improving my game as well.
You know, fighting is fighting.
You still can't be a liability out there. Right. So he helped me, so I give him a lot of credit, you know, at that time
to give me the push, you know, get me called up to Worcester,
get my first NHL contract.
So I'm definitely happy I made that move.
That was the whole goal of that move too.
Well, yeah.
Oh, sorry, Ari.
Go ahead.
No, I just want to give him props.
With 154 penalty minutes in 24 games played, a little over 6.4 penalty minutes per game. Just want to give him props. With 154 penalty minutes in 24 games played,
a little over 6.4 penalty minutes per game.
Just want to give him dabs for that.
Yeah, it was good.
It was good.
I definitely knew my role.
And, you know, God, the league was tough over there.
Man, I'm telling you, there was guys,
there was two or three guys on a team, you know,
and we had a tough team, too.
Should Trevor Gillies have ended up being on that team with me?
That's what I mean.
Gillies become like brothers with me. Trevor Gillies, you know, and we had a tough team too. Should Trevor Gillies end up being on that team with me? That's what I mean. Gillies become like brothers with me.
Trevor Gillies, you know, we had this other little wiry fuck,
Trevor Baker, who could actually play pretty well,
but he was this wiry little skinny guy.
Probably never ate more than a sandwich for a meal in his life
and it never worked out, but he could really chuck them.
We had Anthony Belza.
You know, we had a couple guys that couple guys that we were tough to play against.
Was Gillies doing those wild warm-ups when you were playing with him
where he was just squirting water all over his face,
doing ballet against the boards and shit?
Oh, yeah.
Shit, Gillies always has his routine.
He has his routine, man.
I give him credit.
He has his routine.
He knows what he needs to get ready so fuck props
to him i think it's great you know he doesn't you know people would like oh what's your what
do you do out there you know what that's pretty good because that guy didn't change a thing he
goes i know what i need to do to get ready so i'm gonna do it you know and that's that's good
yeah he didn't give a shit what people thought you didn't give a fuck and that's good me neither
what are you gonna do what are you gonna do what are you gonna laugh at me come out here and fight
me you know that was our thing so many fucking talkers in the
game even back then all these fucking guys want to yak and talk like there's something it's like
come over here and drop your gloves you know i'll fucking embarrass you and i was like i'll embarrass
your tough guy too right like come and do it like i'm all about action you want to talk that's great
you know but then you know and props to biz for this example like you know you want to talk, that's great. You know, but then, you know, and props to Biz for this example.
Like, you know, you want to be a tough guy, do the fucking job.
You want to talk, back it up.
And that's one thing, Biz, I'll give you credit, you always did.
I told somebody else in the podcast, somebody asked about me and your fight,
and I was like, dude, that guy fucking showed up for work every fucking day
without question.
And that's the guys that I respect in the game.
Yeah, I got this face for it now.
Checks were nice, though.
Well, hey, yeah, but there's so many guys who, you know,
did what you did, played a long time,
playing a tough physical, like, grind of a game.
But you got that NHL game.
So it makes me so happy.
Like, do you remember a lot about that day?
I mean, St. Louis had Pronger and Kachuk and Doug Wade.
It was, like, full of a bunch of legends.
Oh, it was great. Oh, hell yeah. Fuck, Al McIn Doug Wade. It was like full of a bunch of legends. I'm assuming it was a memorable day.
Fuck, Al McInnes was there at the time, for fuck's sakes.
He wasn't playing.
He was still coming back from an injury.
And I'll never forget.
So, you know, I stayed up there for about a month,
month and a half with St. Louis.
You know, I only played the one game there, though.
And they're just like, yeah, you know, we'll see who plays.
If they address some tough guys, you're going to play.
If not, you know, just do after morning skating.
It's like, you know, you get bag skated and then do your workout, right?
I was like, fuck, this is the life.
Like, no problem, right?
And I remember, so it was usually like me and Al McInnes out there
getting fucking bag skated.
And I'll never forget, that guy would line up the whole blue line of pucks.
Like, you know, as close as can be.
And he's like, yeah, so I'd just stand in front
and he'd just fucking rip clappers from the blue line
and I would try and tip him in.
I mean, he would do that day after day.
You know, everybody wonders, you know,
he had one of the best clappers in the league, right?
So I was pretty blessed, you know, to be where I was.
And then, you know, I got to meet up with Dougie Wade later in the career
with the Islanders when I was with those guys.
But it was definitely a dream come true,
skating out behind those guys, you those guys for a legitimate game.
It definitely was. And your one
game, too, you ended up fighting, we just had him
on the podcast, Todd Fedork.
Yeah, Todd Fedork, great guy. Another guy
that did his fucking job well. You know who I don't like
on that team was who the
fuck was Brashear. The guy's
the biggest fucking piece of shit.
I don't like the guy. He's nothing but a
fucking talker.
You know what?
He didn't have anything to fucking,
to gain from fighting me,
but he wouldn't, right?
He wouldn't.
Oh, he's like, I don't need to fight you.
You know,
and that's the way he was
through his career.
I know a lot of guys
that played against him.
I know a lot of guys
that fought him
and that's how he was.
Like, you know,
he wasn't a good guy.
I, you know,
I don't want to talk too bad
about the guy,
but he's a fucking talker
and a piece of shit. You have a job to do come on do it you know the fucking fridge come on did it
he's a guy i'll fight you he goes fuck him he goes i'll fight you all right let's go fuck you know
i hate that you know i don't care how old i am any fucking young guy wanted to fight any league
fucking rights i'll throw the gloves off because that's your job so that's kind of your mentality
where it's like if you got a challenge,
you got to go.
That's like there's no ifs, ands, or buts.
Fucking right.
There's a time and place for it.
Like, don't get me wrong, right?
We all know that there's a proper time to do it,
but there's also a proper time to do it.
Like, you know, I talked to a lot of guys coming up,
like I used to, you know, challenge on Probert, right?
And they're like, hey.
He's like, all right, kid, let's go.
You know, he would do that for a lot of guys,
right? We all got into those
leagues and those positions at one time. I remember
being the fucking young guy in Peoria,
then in the American League, challenging every
fucking tough guy, and they're like, alright,
yeah. I remember fucking
Mel Engelstadt, fucking, he was in
Portland for the Pirates when I was up in Worcester, and I was
like, come on, Mel, fucking give me a go.
He's like, oh, fucking right, kid, let's do it.
You know, and he fucking rung my bell, dude.
That guy fucking  he's fucking pretty tough.
That's what Todd Fedork was talking about when we had him on interviewing.
He said Rob Ray, like he didn't have to, but, you know,
that was his first ever scrap.
And, you know, he was kind of towards the end,
but nonetheless gave the younger guy the scrap because it was his job.
So I definitely respect the guys who,
who didn't pick their spots and I don't really,
I,
I wouldn't have a run in with Brashear or,
and or Bondi either though.
Those guys are tough son of a bitches.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Brashear fucking,
you know,
I don't,
I'm not saying that he's not a tough guy cause he's a big,
tough guy,
but fucking do it.
You know,
that's just shit like that really pisses me off.
I've seen a few guys do that over the years, right?
And it's like, come on, do your fucking job.
You know, don't be a chicken shit, you know.
Don't be scared to lose a fight.
I mean, because that's what it is, right?
Oh, what if I fucking fight this guy and lose, right?
Well, fucking if you're on your game, you better be on your game,
you won't lose. I mean, don't be a fucking bitch. That's one you're on your game, you better be on your game. You won't lose.
I mean, don't be a fucking bitch.
That's one of the biggest things that irks me in all the game is fucking
pretenders and guys that pick their spots.
You know, it fucking just drives me nuts.
That fucking Garcillo, when I was fucking,
I tried to fight him and fucking who's the other guy they had in Philly.
Neither of them wanted to fight.
And I'm running around like an idiot
fucking crushing their team and they still wouldn't
come out and fight it was fucking
hilarious we had fucking Eric Cairns
just fucking laughing at him on
the bench he's like you fucking pussies
you won't even fight him you won't even stand
up for your own team it was great I mean
it was awesome at the time well I think I
also think you're wired a little bit
different I mean you're even fighting family members on the ice.
Nasty Marasty, who I didn't realize you guys.
You guys are related?
Wait, so there's this video.
We're not blood related, but, you know, through some marriages,
you know, we're always in Meadowlake, everybody's cousins, right?
We always joke about that.
Yeah, but I'll tell you what, though, but that's the thing.
Johnny just has the mentality.
Like, he likes to fight.
He's like me. I like to fight. I like the
job. I'm never going to be a guy that come on here
on any fucking thing and say, oh, I
didn't like my job. Because you know what? If
you didn't like your job, go get a fucking
different job. You know what?
You can play in the NHL and make millions of dollars
and you're going to complain, oh, I didn't like to fight.
Well, then go get another fucking job. Whose fault
is it? You're going to come on fucking media and pout about it?
Fuck you.
That's what I say to those guys.
Woo!
Hey, I actually watched that clip today.
It was December 19, 2008,
and you're playing against the Syracuse Crunch,
and the period was over,
and you and Morasty ended up going, like,
as both teams are on the ice,
going, like, crossing benches here to go to your locker rooms, and you and Morasty ended up going like as both teams are on the ice going like crossing benches
here to go to your locker rooms and you
got the Christmas jersey on everybody's supposed
to be in the festive mood and you guys end up
teeing off on each other for at least 90
seconds just throwing haymakers
were you guys like
talking about this before games knowing
that you guys were going to play? No fuck I mean
you know if you watch
so if you watch it now you're right so you know you remember well fuck you played there a lot, you know, if you watch it, so if you watch it now, you're right. So, you know, you remember, well,
fuck you played there a lot. So you know how like you have to skate off.
If you're, if it's a second period, so you're down in our end. Right.
And you have to skate to the other corner and to skate off the ice. Right.
So it was somebody, whether it was their goalie or our guy kind of hit the goalie
and then shit
started stirring up. Right.
And we're all just trying to get off for the period. Everybody was right.
And then shit kind of started. And then I was trying to,
there was a big tall guy that I just, just eat. I mean,
he wasn't a real big tough guy. He was a bigger guy that they had there.
And I was trying to get him to fight, but he wouldn't fight.
And then fucking Johnny come in. He's like, Oh fuck, let's just do it.
And I was like, all right, let's just, let's just do it. Right. Cause Hey, do it. And then fucking Johnny come in. He's like, oh, fuck, let's just do it. And I was like, all right, let's just do it, right?
Because, hey, just do it, and then everything can calm down, right?
And plus, obviously, we love to fucking fight.
So, I mean, yeah.
And it just turned into fucking a long-ass fight.
I mean, I had a sore forehead, and I had sore knuckles when I was done with that fight.
Yeah, I was like.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Ah, look away.
And somebody had a picture one time,
and I wish I could get this picture from somewhere.
It was somebody took a picture from up in the rafters,
or they had a camera up there,
and it was literally both teams in a big circle around center ice.
And me and Johnny in the middle fighting, I was like, I seen it.
And I was like, man, I got to find a way to get that picture someday.
I never did, but maybe someday somebody will have it and I'll come across it.
But it was a pretty cool picture.
Well, you mentioned the stands, and I reached out to Brendan Siegel,
who also played with you.
And he said, I don't know if you were healthy scratched
or maybe you were injured, but you were sitting in the crowd one time
and you ended up getting hit by a puck that came out of play.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I fucking had to miss like the rest of that year dude uh one of our guys just flipped it from the end
went over just hit me in the head it was it was crazy and and you thought that somebody
suckered you in the crowd he said fuck yeah oh dude i i fucking turned i thought somebody
suckered me i turned i remember i threw my popcorn and I turned and I was like,
what the fuck?
I swear to God,
somebody suckered me.
And Oh,
who was the guy on my team?
Big,
tall guy,
Thompson,
big,
tall guy on our team.
He grabbed me.
He goes,
yeah,
he grabbed me.
He goes,
no,
he was,
it was the puck.
And I was like,
really?
He goes,
yeah.
And then we were all laughing about it,
you know?
And then,
um,
it was all fine.
You know,
the docs checked me out at a big fucking black and blue mark on the side of my head but then you know later that night i kind of got a
little goofy and then and so um you know i had a like a bad concussion pretty bad um so you know
i sat out the best thing to do especially with my job like you know just sell the rest of your rest
and then that's what i did right because you know i want to come back 100 and not have to deal with
it so that's what i did wow yeah but i want to go, I wanted to come back 100 and not have to deal with it. So that's what I did.
Yeah, but I want to go back to the one NHL game, which, by the way,
it's good enough to get you on the hockeyreference.com.
You get your own page there.
All you need is one, which is good.
Was that a situation?
I'm guessing it was a call-up.
Or was it out of camp?
Was it a day where you remember every little detail,
like everything kind of slowed down?
Or was it like a business-as-usual approach?
What were the emotions of that day?
I mean, definitely, I remember.
It's something I'll remember because, fuck, we were in the American Hockey League,
obviously I was in Worcester, and we had a couple games before.
So, shit you not, I think it was two games before that game I had in Worcester.
I thought, me and Gillies fought twice.
He was in, I think Lowell at the time.
So we had two big fights and, and, um, you know, two really good fights.
Like, you know, Ming Gillies, Lowell will fight to the fucking death.
As much as we're brothers, I want to knock his fucking teeth out.
He does the same for me.
Right.
And then the next game is when I fucking Portland came to town.
And that's when I fought Mel Engelstadt,
fought another guy on their team.
And then I fought Mel Engelstadt too.
And,
um,
so,
and Mel talking,
he got to better me that fight too.
I'll never forget fighting him.
Cause we were fighting and I got a couple,
two good shots in.
And I was like,
I thought it was really good.
And he just come around.
I don't even know if it was left or right,
but he fucking dropped me to my knee.
And I was just like, what the fuck just happened? You know? So I had a was really good. And he just come around. I don't even know if it was left or right, but he fucking dropped me to my knee. And I was just like,
what the fuck just happened?
You know?
So I had a fucking black eye.
I had a lot of marks on my face.
And so there's,
there's nine or two later,
I was going out to meet Terry Virtue,
Eris Bermanis.
I think we're going out to a movie.
And we're watching the movie and we're just sitting down.
And I was like,
oh fuck,
my phone's ringing. And I was like,
it was a grass.
It was Don Granato. I was like, first fucking coaches my phone's ringing. I was like, fuck, it was Grazzi, it was Don Granato.
I was like, first fucking coaches call me.
He's like, well, fucking go take it.
So I went out in the hall of the movie and fuck, he goes, yeah, how are your hands?
How's your face doing?
I was like, and I'm thinking right away because Philly was, we were playing the Phantoms.
Philly was coming in like the next night.
He's probably seen how I'm doing because they had a fucking shitload of tough guys too.
I'm like, oh, Graatia, I'm good.
You know, knuckles are good.
Face is good.
He's like, oh, okay, then.
He goes, well, Lim will be there in the morning to pick you up.
He's like, you're going up to St. Louis.
And I was just like, what the fuck?
I was like, you know, I was like, holy shit.
You know, it was one of those things.
Pretty surprising.
Do you remember what, like, the most amount of fights you had in one season, pro?
Oh, shit.
You know, I truly don't.
Do you think you ever had 40?
I mean, at least you had 30 for sure a couple times.
Probably upwards towards the 30th, right?
I mean, that's probably where it was.
Probably around there.
I don't think I've ever had more than that.
Any memorable ones where you actually got the wrong side of it?
I mean, is there one where you're like, fuck, I got my ass kicked there?
I mean, there must have been plenty that it was the opposite of that.
So of all my fights, which I've fared pretty well over the years,
I'll remember the one Mel Engelstadt,
he got me in that fight back when I was in Worcester.
Oh, what's his name?
He was playing in Wilkes-Barre before you were there, Biz.
Vandenbush?
Not Vandenbush.
No, no.
Not Downey.
Not even Downey.
Kosey?
David Kosey?
He's a big guy, too.
No, not Kosey.
Brookbank?
No, Brookbank.
Me and Brookbank had a couple good fights, though.
But I always got the better at him
um i forget but it wasn't it wasn't a big but he fucking i was watching his fights before because
i always studied the fights and he would throw he would come in the fights throwing the right
all the time i think it was bull reese oh yeah yeah and he would throw the right i was watching
his fights before and he was so when guys are squaring off, I always study fights,
study fights and he would fucking come in and he would kind of fake the grab
and he would throw that fucking straight, right. And so I was like, okay,
I'm going to fuck. I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm watching for this. Right.
And instead he fucking throws out this fucking left, like right on the chin.
And so I went down, you know, I kind of tried to get back up,
but he definitely got me there. Um, but the most of allve mcintyre he fucking dropped me like a bag oh my god
he wasn't fair hard hard what it wasn't it was like fighting a bear that fucking guy is the
toughest guy by far that i've ever fought he wants me dead too it's the worst person in the world to
want you dead let me tell you he'd be talking let me tell you. He'd be talking the way
that you're talking about
the guys who wouldn't fight you on the podcast
if we brought him on about wit.
But
we constantly talk to guys about
these Russian stories, and you ended up getting to spend
two years over there.
We asked Josh Hennessy, and he
basically said, I don't think I could tell you one story
that you'd be allowed to tell on the podcast from from Yabo's experience over there there's that uh YouTube
video that went viral with with you and Morasty getting the scrap against some like Russian
mobsters like what do you recall from your entire time there and are there some stories that you can
share from your experience well first off my time there was amazing um the first year especially
just for the well both years so the first year I was there there was amazing. The first year especially, just for the  well, both years.
So the first year I was there was great.
You know, it was me, Rasty, Kip Brennan were there, Ternaski.
Those kind of are  those are American guys there.
So definitely guys that could chuck it.
And it was great. I mean, you know, getting to Russia, you know,
Chekhov was a great city.
You know, I'm literally still like family, you know, getting to Russia, you know, Chekhov was a great city. You know, I'm literally still like family, you know,
to the people that ran the team then, still talk to them all the time.
But you want to talk about the whole street fight, right?
Well, what happened was, so when they do exhibition,
they'll send like four teams to like a city, right?
And then you'll play each team once, right?
And that's kind of the way they do exhibition there, right? So we were play each team once right and then you that's kind of
the way they do exhibition there right so we were there and fucking after the game you know it was
Panarin you know fuck who's obviously a star now in the NHL um he was awesome with us too he was
young but he goes you guys want to come to like this place you know for like you know I didn't
know a lot of Russian then like I know Russian now pretty good but not then and he's like you
guys want to come to it's like a restaurant and then, you know, kind of like a club.
We're like, yeah, sure, you know, we'd love to, right?
So we go there.
The parent goes in and comes over.
He goes, oh, it's rented out.
We have to wait for a while.
So what happened was there was a wedding party that was there.
And they had rented the whole place out.
He goes, we've got to wait for like half an hour.
So we're like, all right.
So we're literally standing outside along the wall.
And people are funneling out. You know, obviously they're coming out and, um, and I don't know what happened, but people started like yelling at us, like, and we don't even know Russian. And I'm like, Hey, I think they're fucking yelling at us. So then we kind of got up. We're like, Hey, you know, believe me. I was like, you know, we don't need to fight. Like, there's no problem here.. And I'm thinking there's a fucking shit ton of people outside. I'm thinking,
here we go. I just got here for a couple of weeks. I'm going to get shot.
You know, that's what's going through my mind. And then fucking, you know,
shit kind of takes off. And then,
so we just started fucking dropping people like left and right.
And that's still, I'll never forget. We're walking.
Rasty's on my right and I'm fucking, so I'm trying to keep like,
like my back to the wall, everybody in front of me. I'm trying to keep, like, my back to the wall,
everybody in front of me, I'm like, hey, let's just get out of here, these bunch of guys were
laid out, and as I'm backing up, I seem to, like, my peripheral vision on my right, this fucking guy
tried to come between the cars and sucker Marasty, and he fucking full-out suckered Marasty,
and fucking, he didn't even do anything to him. Fucking Morasty can take a punch.
And so he walked right in front of me and I just
like unloaded like one shot on him
and just fucking stretched this guy out too.
And then we just kept fucking backing away.
It was crazy.
And what was funny is
you know, we go to fucking
you know, in the morning I called
Najee, our coach, you know, Najee looked
the shoe in down and he goes, oh yeah, I heard you. You know, it's okay, I called Najee, our coach. You know, Najee looked. The shit went down. He goes, oh, yeah, I heard.
Yeah, I mean, stuff.
He's like, you know, it's okay.
He goes.
So then literally nothing happened for like probably like fucking two or three weeks.
Nothing in the fucking media.
And we were talking.
We're like, how does fucking this go down?
And nobody fucking gets this in the media, right?
And there's somebody, if you watch on YouTube, he's like,
you know, he was yelling all this shit.
And I didn't know what he's saying. Now I know he was basically saying,
he goes, that's, that's your Blonsky, Murawski. He's like, don't fight him.
He's like, don't, you know, your Blonsky is like an MMA fighter.
He was like telling these people like, don't fight him.
Wrong door, wrong door, wrong door. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And so, but before,
anyways, the funny thing is I come into the one more and I'm coming in and as he's
like,
yeah,
if he was laughing at me or coach now,
he's,
you know,
big Nazarov,
right.
He goes,
oh,
you got to go look at the TV,
go look at the TV.
And I was like,
what?
I was like,
you know,
what's going on?
So I looked in the TV.
There's we're on every fucking news station,
you know,
me and Brasty fucking.
And it said,
we're fucking,
this is the worst part of
russian for you said that we got invited to a wedding and started a brawl with everybody
and this is on like this was on for a week on the news like i'm not just kidding you a week
for a whole week it was on like every news fucking station it was like we didn't go to
this fucking wedding we're like we're going to this place Panera took us to this fucking place for dinner like it was crazy but you know it is what it is what were some other uh like insane cultural
experiences from over there because I mean we've had guys on and they just said like you guys were
treated like royalty in some cases you know we were so I think I think people understand sports
in general in Russia is very held highly in regards, right?
Any other sports.
Although, you know, very old school.
Russia is still very old school.
And that's what I do like about it.
Like, Chekhov, a very old school city.
The way Nikolai ran, you know, ran the team, very old school.
So I really like that.
You know, once you get past the language, you know, the people are great.
It's, you know, The food's a little different, but everything just falls into place.
You just find your basics.
But I really enjoyed it.
I really enjoyed my time in Russia, and I planned on going back.
The second year, we got a sponsor.
Me and Gilly got to play there together. So we got a sponsor that took over, and him and the owner kind of ran it,
you know, fairly, right?
So the sponsor wanted to pick the coach, so they got rid of Nazarov,
which was too bad.
They got this fucking other coach, didn't speak English,
did not like fucking North Americans one bit.
So, you know, and fucking so I tried to fight him in Americans one bit. So, you know, and fucking, so I tried to
fight him in practice one time.
I fucking lost my shit.
I fucking lost
my shit, and I didn't like the fucking
guy. I fucking freaked out
at him. We had team meetings, and I was
fucking, we were yelling at each other in the team
meetings. I just fucking had no
respect for that piece of shit. It either
is some of the guys. But anyways, we're on the ice.
And we're the practice is going fucking great. You know,
Disney have those practices fingers pop and everybody's fucking pop.
And guys were laughing like a little bit, like in a good mood. Right.
And so he puts this fucking calls everybody to center ice.
So we're standing there and he was talking to guys and I was like,
I'm kind of trying to figure out what he's saying.
So he's not happy about something. I knew that.
And he looks at me and he goes,
he goes, why are you laughing?
Why are you laughing? Why are you smiling? I said,
Coach, I'm thinking, Coach, practice is
great. You know, high pace. You know, I'm still
trying to be courteous, right? Like high
pace. I said, fuck, it was good practice.
And he goes, oh, fuck.
He goes, you go home and tell your
wife to fuck and i was like what and i fucking taught my fucking gloves my stick almost hit the
fucking assistant coach with it and i fucking went at him and fucking danny markov who's a
fucking beauty he fucking grabby and a couple of the other guys are like gabby don't you'll
fucking kill him and i chased him him off the ice in practice.
He left ice. And then that other fucking piece of shit fucking assistant coach they had,
he was standing there with his two hands on his glove behind his face with
just his eyes up.
And I was in his fucking face, like spitting in his eyes.
And I'm like, you, you fucking piece of shit.
I was like, I should kick your fucking ass too.
He just fucking stood there and didn't move like he was a fucking statue it was fucking great i mean i you know and the guy's like well
that's you know that's kind of a sane yeah but it's different in russia and i was like i don't
give a fuck i was like i was gonna fucking go i was gonna kill him i was gonna bash his fucking
head against the ice because i just have i was at a point where like you know the respect for hockey
respect for the guys and he was like I don't know what his problem was
because practice was fucking phenomenal.
Right?
And I had a lot of guys on the team that stick up for me too.
We had great guys on the team that, you know, some shit went down.
And they're like, fuck that.
They're like, the coach is being an asshole.
You know, I might have crossed the line a little bit,
but it is what it is.
And that's just who I am.
So, Danny Markov was there.
Was he still ripping darts between periods when you were playing with him?
Oh, fucking 100.
That guy was fucking before the game, during the game.
And that fucking guy, you know, and you wonder, like,
that guy could play fucking two minutes straight, and I'll give him credit.
That guy fucking plays hard hockey.
He's not a fucking, I'm going to come out here and float around.
He plays his fucking nuts off. He fucking writes i've got to play with him in national so when i was in national
for the summer training there that's when danny was there and that's the same time ragulov got
there in the summer and so i remember fucking sitting in the room trotty comes in yabs i was
like what's up trots he's like this is your buddy he goes he's gonna sit with you this summer and
here i was like all right I was like, all right.
And it was Radulov, right?
And he didn't fucking speak a lick of English.
He's got the worst fucking ADD you could ever imagine.
But, I mean, on ice, you know, he's 20 years old,
but he's fucking amazing.
I'm trying to, like, take care of this guy.
Not, like, take care of him, but, like, you know, he's like, just, you know, take care of him.
Make sure he's okay.
I was like, no problem, Trotz, right?
Because we were there just training in the summer, right?
What a great time.
R.A. calls him the warthog.
The warthog.
Well, Biz was calling him a farm animal forever.
And then someone said, I think Grinelli said boar.
And then I think warthog just fits perfect.
But are you rooting for him now that Dallas is in the final?
Yeah, no, I am.
I definitely am.
You know, I always root for guys.
I root for teams.
I root for guys they know or play with.
So he's one of the only guys out there that I really play with.
So, you know, I'd like to see him win a cup.
And, you know, I'll say one thing.
He was young and a little wild maybe at one time,
but he's come a long way I think on his maturity level
and what he's done with himself.
And we got some other mutual friends, you know,
Ilya Zubov, another good buddy that was in Binghamton with us.
They're good friends.
So we kind of got a good group of guys over there,
and I'd like to see him win if possible.
I think Danny Markov was the legend who was driving the wrong way on a one-way,
like on a bridge in Philly at one point.
I think that guy was an animal.
I wouldn't doubt it.
I wouldn't doubt it.
He was an animal.
Like, yeah, off the ice that guy was an animal. I wouldn't doubt it. He's an animal.
Off the ice, he was an animal.
He's definitely one of a kind.
Some of these Russian guys,
it's like the rules don't apply to them over there.
Their drinking culture
is just crazy.
Yeah, definitely.
I know a guy, I'm not even going to say his name.
I got there there i got to
russia and he was playing on a moscow team and i was like hey what's up he goes i say hey come on
let's meet up and go he goes oh i can't and he's like i mean i'm in kind of trouble right now
i was like what happened and we bought a fucking bentley and got hammered and drove it through a
fucking store one night i'm like okay, we'll keep you inside for a while.
They bag-skated him for one practice.
Yeah, paid it off because I was waiting for this to come on the media,
but, you know, obviously he paid it off and kept it under wraps,
which was good.
So, yeah.
We were just talking about Kostitsyn.
Sergey Kostitsyn just got busted in in minsk for doing the same
thing it's just like they yeah they don't they just like don't follow the rules there
yep no i know and hey we've all we've all had our fuck ups and done stupid shit as well right
the north americans don't get me wrong but yeah they it seems that the more of their bigger
percentage of that sometimes do you have any experiences with the infamous russian gas while you were over there
no no i've heard about people talk about it and i've never ever seen it and never even really
heard about it when i was there well they saw you they took one look they're like we can't give this
guy the gas jesus christ yeah you know i heard some guys talking about it they said they use it
it's like a recovery thing if i'm'm correct. Is that what you guys are?
I think it was straight meth from what we've heard.
It's a lot of things.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Somebody was telling me, no, like we use it for like,
I think it was after the games, if I'm correct.
And they would use it for like a recovery.
It puts you into a better recovery.
And that's really all I know about it.
But I never, I never got to see it.
We never had
it in chekhov i mean if they did i mean fuck either but maybe i'll give it a rip to see what's
all about i mean you know but oh my god well yeah well i don't got much else man this is uh
i'll say one thing you definitely set the record for f-bombs on on the spit and chicklets podcast
journey oh yeah yeah i'm sure I did.
That's all right.
So what about since hockey ended, retirement and stuff, how's that gone?
What are you doing?
Where are you these days?
You know, it's good.
So I live in Dallas, Texas right now.
I've been here for about four years.
So I do a lot of international work right now.
I do some great banking.
I got some guys I work with, you know, surprising,
probably surprised a lot of people.
We do a lot of banking investments.
I got
a special aid for,
I'm not going to say special. I got some
good guys that I've worked alongside
with the government. I've done a lot
of good projects
around the world. I met some good
bankers and stuff. We do some
PPE stuff, like some
special aid, like tier one traders and stuff. I kind of PPE stuff like some special way like your
tier one traders and stuff so now I kind of talk some groups different groups and
it's kind of nice you know I get to make a little bit off it but I got to make a
lot of people a lot of money when they got you know a million or two million
bucks and then they invested with our group and the tier one traders put to
work and it's pretty amazing what they can do in six months' time.
It's stuff that I would have never known about this type of bank until you get to a very high level,
and I was very blessed to be able to be a part of it.
It's something I'm just glad to be able to do every day.
Yeah, but you did three separate stints for the Idaho Steelheads.
Great name, by the way, located in Boise, Idaho.
I think Idaho's maybe one state or province
we've never even mentioned
on the show before.
What's the most surprising thing
about Idaho
that people aren't aware of?
Humping Hanna's.
Yeah, oh yeah,
Humping Hanna's,
just a classic place.
Rocky,
Rocky is like the shit.
She's still there
crushing it on stage.
But, you know,
Boise's a great place.
Boise is a city
and it's literally a city and
even since i've left there i went back for alumni game a couple years ago the place is growing like
a madhouse like it feels like it's growing as much as here in dallas and it's not just potatoes and
cornfields out there it's definitely it's the outdoors is just amazing and the cities are the
boise the city itself is just fabulous too. It's almost like a small Denver.
Yeah, that's probably a good way to describe it.
And going back to the scraps one more time, was there anybody who scared you?
No, not really.
I've never really feared anybody.
I've always been on my toes for people.
I've never underestimated people.
I learned that in boxing. I was taught that very young.
You don't underestimate anybody. I mean, because big or small, I mean,
guys that can fight and throw a punch, you know,
it takes one shot to knock you on your fucking ass. And so I really, you know,
I never had a guy coming in, like even biz, we fought,
like I probably watched every fight you had two years before, every game that we played, you guys.
So I knew exactly, like, how you fought, what you did,
and ways that I could counter that stuff.
I did that to every person because I never wanted to, you know,
I wanted to always be as knowledgeable as I can about who's coming in.
I wasn't like, oh, who's this, who they got to fight, right?
And just go and fight.
So I think that's the one reason i did so well is because you know i
made sure i was always on top of my game maybe i should have been watching guys uh fighting tapes
instead of chasing pussy maybe i would have won a couple oh don't kid yourself don't don't be don't
kid yourself you you did your job very fucking well and i know i know the organization fucking
loved the way you you know you you played the game very well too because you could play the
game at a high level which was good and you fucking brought the kn you played the game very well too, Biz. You could play the game at a high level, which was good.
And you fucking brought the knuckles
every time you had to, so I give you
a lot of respect for that. Oh, thanks, buddy.
Tummy sticks. Yeah, thanks so much
for coming on here, dude. It was great
actually finally chatting with you. I heard a lot about you.
We appreciate it.
Definitely, guys. I really appreciate it anytime.
Love it. Thanks, Jabo.
Thanks, Jabo. Take care, brother. Take care appreciate it. Anytime. Love it. Thanks. Thanks.
Take care guys.
Thank you Jeremy for joining us. Hope you guys enjoyed it.
It was certainly fun talking to him. Definitely a character.
Probably have him back sometime at some point, no doubt. Well, gang,
I know everyone's been a little bit stressed out lately and the stress of
daily life weighs on all of us.
Whether you're an elite athlete like biz or a regular schnook like me
just trying to get through the day,
muscle pain and muscle tension is a real thing.
That's why we all use Theragun,
the handheld percussive therapy device
that releases your deepest muscle tension
using a scientifically calibrated combination
of depth, speed, and power.
And now it's as quiet as an electric toothbrush.
That's because the all new Gen 4 Theragun has a brushless motor it's as quiet as an electric toothbrush. That's because the all-new Gen 4
Theragun has a brushless motor that's so quiet, you'll wonder if it's even on while you help out
your sore muscles with Theragun's signature power, amplitude, and effectiveness. Try Theragun for 30
days. There is no substitute for the Theragun Gen 4 with an OLED screen, personalized Theragun app, and the quiet and power you need,
starting at only 199. So go to theragun.com slash chicklets right now and get your Gen 4
Theragun today. That's theragun.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. One more time,
theragun.com slash checklists.
All right, gang.
And next up we have Dylan play fair.
This one is a biz solo adventure and those are always fun.
So now we're going to send it over to those guys.
Ladies and gentlemen,
a long time since I've done a one-on-one interview.
I met this kid when his father was coaching me. A lot of you probably know who he is because of an infamous video
that went viral everywhere, and we're going to get into that.
And after his terrible hockey career, maybe even worse than mine,
he has found himself in the acting world.
He's going to be the next Gordon Bombay.
Is that right?
Okay, bud.
Absolutely.
And the new Mighty Ducks, and also Letterkenny. It started as Letterkenny Problems, but Mighty Ducks and also Letterkenny.
It started as Letterkenny Problems, but they've changed it to Letterkenny,
a very successful show in Canada.
It's got a cult following and probably deemed as the modern-day trailer park boys,
at least for Canada standards.
So welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast, Dylan Playfair.
Good to be here, bud.
That was a long-winded intro, but that's how I have to do them,
because I can't do them like R.A. does them.
Oh, yeah, I like that you took the pressure off me with the podcast.
I was sweating buckets here before we even got on here,
so I'm thinking, pressure's off, boys.
I'm feeling good now.
Let's roll with it.
Yeah, I go dash one before you do.
Okay, so let's talk about your old man quick.
Jimmy Playfair had him as an assistant coach in Phoenix.
And obviously when we signed him, that video of him in Abbotsford,
and I guess I'll let you describe it.
Yeah, the infamous stick-breaking video.
That actually ended up getting me my first agent.
So, yeah, he calls me up i was
trying out for the uh the dawson creek rage i believe which was a defunct team in the north
american hockey league and he goes hey turn on tsn i i gotta show you something so i click on
the tv and there's jimmy fucking snapping four twigs on the bench losing his mind going hulk
hogan on the boys and uh yeah he he obviously
didn't agree with the call and and got vocal about it and broke some twigs and voiced his concerns
and uh it ended up making like the the sports net you know top 10 sport coach freaks up freakouts or
whatever and uh at the same time when i when i was transitioning into into acting i went and took a meeting with Carrie Wheeler, who's now my agent.
And about an hour and a half into the meeting, she's like, listen, I don't need a pretty boy hockey player who thinks he can act.
Like, I'm going to be hard on you.
I'm going to be strict with you.
I'm going to have to tell you to do things you're not going to want to do.
I'm like, OK, hold on.
Slow your rope.
Just stop for one second.
I got to show you something real quick here.
And I pull up Jimmy's video of breaking twigs.
I go, so that's the man who raised me.
So whatever you think you can throw my way,
I can guarantee I'll be fine.
So he was a tough old man.
Was he very stern with you guys growing up?
Yeah, you know, he just expected us to work as hard as he did
because I think he recognized how hard it is to make the NHL
as you know I mean there's a lot of people who dream about it and it's uh it's a pretty select
few group of people who who get there and I think he just wanted to make sure that we
we put in everything that we could control into into getting to wherever we got to and uh yeah
he was I mean he was a ton of fun like don't get me wrong I I my dad's one of my
best friends in the world but he's a he's a no-nonsense guy you know he he expects you to
perform and he expects you to put in the work and and that was the way I was brought up so uh yeah
yeah it was uh it was it was pretty strict but that was fun you kind of failed to mention the
fact that well you said he went Hulk Hogan I mean he he exposed himself to that crowd I don't know
if you could get away with that nowadays yeah no he told me the only reason he stopped uh he stopped breaking
six is because he was losing oxygen because his tie got so tight if you watch the video he cinches
it right up he started blocking out yeah yeah that had a negative effect he's like losing a fight
with himself at that point but oh it was classic and like you said it's in in the top 10 every time they
roll them out on like tsn or sportsnet of the biggest snap shows by head coaches but uh so
your your playing career you you played up until junior a i i was kind of chirping you a little
about a little bit about your playing ability what were your stats like in junior oh man if you've looked them up, I mean, zero goals, one assist, 140-some-odd pims.
I was watching your highlight reels trying to fucking be the best nasty of the BCHL.
I was calibrated incorrectly, I guess you could say.
But no, man, I was hard-nosed.
incorrectly i guess you could say but uh no man i i was hard nose i just i would have dreams about standing in front of an open net and just firing pucks and them stopping on the goal line like
there was a fucking piece of plexiglass there dude it got into my psyche i could that's probably
how weak your shot was though it probably actually couldn't have gotten there no talks
yeah it was a tough one man it was a tough year So it's funny now people think that I was like a pretty skilled player
because of, you know, the stock that I'm bred of.
But I'm like, no, you guys, you don't get it.
My transition into film was pretty obvious for me.
I kind of knew what was ahead of me for my hockey career.
So I made the switch pretty easy.
Okay, so let's back it up.
When you were in the early ages and even in the high school were you taking acting classes were you always
that type of guy or because you were in the hockey world like you you know there's a bit of like uh
like oh you're acting kind of thing like there's a stigma towards it obviously it's not as much
like that as now as it used to be but you know were you doing that at a young age? Yeah, I mean, I was always the dressing room guy who kind of relieved tension,
and I had the boys laughing at all the team parties.
It was kind of the role that I assumed for myself.
I certainly wasn't contributing on the ice,
so I had to figure out a way to be a viable member of a team.
So I always had fun on the bus and in the dressing room.
And I really did enjoy doing drama and theater and whatnot.
But like you said, it's kind of one or the other in high school.
So I really just focused on hockey,
but I always kind of knew that it was going to be something
that I did after the game.
And I was actually watching Friday Night Lights
and telling my coach about it, Luke Pierce and Merritt.
And he goes, yeah, that Taylor Kitsch kid,
he used to play in this league, hey?
He played for Langley.
And Kitsch is Tim Riggins, Big Riggs.
I don't know if you watch Friday Night Lights, but...
That's boy band pussy, is it not?
Oh, buddy, that's fucking, that's white floors.
I'm getting that vibe.
I'm getting that Bieber vibe when you said that
when it rolled off your tongue.
Oh, buddy, that's, yeah, that's slippery when wet and it's always wet.
So I kind of thought, well, shit, if he can do it, I mean, that's pretty that's pretty close to home.
I'll look up his sort of journey.
And I basically mapped out what he had done and kind of followed his footsteps because I you know I I knew it was something that I could I could come into and and have success with just based on my my naivety and my arrogance
so I figured fuck if he can do it I'll do it too and I moved out to Vancouver and ran with it I
mean what what kind of things were you doing in the locker room where you were getting the boys
all fired up like they give us any I mean I was coming in with the mangina sometimes.
It was definitely a lot more old school.
But what was, like, the modern-day version of being the class clown,
so to speak?
Yeah, no, not too different from your version.
I mean, if you watch Letter Kenny, we got a lot of the same shit.
I mean, that's the beauty of the show, and I'm sure we'll get into it.
Oh, yeah.
All the boys on that show played hockey, had, you could say, failed careers.
As far as we got
we we we had fun with it but we never made the show so a lot of that stuff that you see in the
show comes from our experiences and the game dinker ball was a game that uh that i myself was
a champion of and uh it's it's a lot like mangina but you you jam up your junk, and the boys have to choose or guess whether it's a dink or a ball in your hand.
I mean, that was one.
I was pretty good at accents and voices.
That one's called dinker ball?
Yeah, dinker ball, dinker ball.
You turn around, you grab your junk, whether it it's not or part of your shaft or the tip
if you're really bold and it's like it's like two birds in the in the bush like at the the dinner
table but yeah it's the the locker room version exactly exactly and you have to decide whether
it's a dink or a ball so so was that your what was your big introduction into acting like how
did you how did you originally get started what was your your introduction into acting like how did you how did you originally
get started what was your your first roles so my very first role was a music video for AJ
Woodworth which I think is still online somewhere it's pretty cringy um but uh I uh yeah so I came
out to Vancouver uh a kid on my team his dad worked as a production assistant so he was a guy
or not a production assistant sorry a location manager he would go find the locations for the films and tv shows in
vancouver um so he got me a job working as a pa just like emptying garbage cans and shit like that
and every person i talked to i was like hey i have no idea how to get into this industry none
whatsoever so if you guys know anyone who can help me out you know give them give them my name and uh through
that I got into a beer league team where I ended up meeting Jared Kiso and I kind of told him the
same story that I told you guys I'm like this fucking Taylor Kitsch guy can do it I can do it
too and he goes okay kid I love the I love the juice why don't you uh why don't you meet this
agent that I used to work with and that was Carrie Wheeler and I and I told her that story
that I just told you guys about my dad and Wheeler and I and I told her that story that I
just told you guys about my dad and she goes okay well if you're serious about it you know get
yourself enrolled in some acting classes let's see some auditions let's see if you can do it
and uh yeah I got lucky man I was like two months in and I booked my first feature movie which which
is called the grave encounters and uh it was kind of off to the races from there okay you just
mentioned one of the guys one of the
creators jared kiso uh tyranny what's the guy i figured his first name jacob jacob tyranny jared
katini uh tyranny is one of the writers as well so were those the original guys who created the show
so it was originally uh kiso and a pal from listable had a show or not a show a twitter
feed called listy problems so they would
just list funny shit from their hometown they're from a small town ontario and you know the the
original seed of the idea came from that and then him and nate dales jared and nate dales started
shooting these these letter kenny videos and right around the same time so andrew her and i who play
the hockey players on letter kenny we had become roommates so we were pals because he went to
school at ubc and uh i'm a i'm a degenerate dropout i never went to college i i don't even
know if i actually technically graduated high school because i i switched from join the club
i took the grade nine geography to get my fucking
diploma yeah but he's like billy madison in there fuck that buddy me and hersey found out that we
both got 51 on our grade 10 math and and just fucking rode off into the sunset so so anyhow
he's uh he's going to to ubc and i'm going to acting school and, uh, and we're both auditioning around Vancouver and we booked this,
this movie, Mr. Mr. Hockey, which is the Gordie Howe story.
So I played Marty Howe. He played, uh, Mark Howe. And we're the,
we're the, we're the children of Gordie.
So we go and shoot this movie in Winnipeg and Jared sees it.
And it was really fucking cool, man. He,
he and Jamie the point set up this viewing party sees it and it was really fucking cool man he he and jamie the point set
up this viewing party for us because it's a tv movie right it was on cbc so there's not really
premiere anything like that but he recognized how big of a deal it was for us so he he lays out this
red carpet and our whole beer league team's there and we have like the whole like the cbc sweat or
the cbc uh you know sweat towels yeah the towel and heBC, you know, sweat towels. Yeah, the towel.
And he's doing, you know, iPhone interviews in the hallway there while we're watching Mr. Hockey, the Gordie Howe story.
And we just had a real fun time with that.
Got banged up, watched the premiere.
And then the next day, Jamie, who plays the ginger in the show,
goes, you should bring the hockey players out for a letter candy skit.
So we link up on the sunday
and do a read of this like two-page skit that he'd written just sort of off the off the cuff
drive out to ladner and shoot this letter candy skit with the hockey players in it it's like a
you know two minute youtube video and about a month and a half later jared calls us both and
says hey there's like over a million hits on this video i think this is this is a month and a half later, Jared calls us both and says, hey, there's like over a million hits on this video.
I think this is a go for a series, boys.
Like, this looks really good.
So he shops it out to Bell,
and Bell links him up with New Metric Media and Crave TV,
and we're just hoping for like maybe a chance
to shoot a pilot, you know?
We're not really thinking much of it, but he,
he calls us for dinner one night and he goes, well, boys, we didn't,
we didn't get the pilot, but we got six episodes.
We're flying out to Sudbury next week.
And you guys are the hockey players. And I didn't,
I didn't know this at the time, but he went to bat for us.
Like we'd only done the one movie, really.
And Bell wanted to audition well-known actors to play the hockey players.
And Jared goes, if I'm doing it, I'm doing it with the squad that I started with.
I'm bringing the boys with me.
Loyal.
Yeah, loyal.
Like a dog.
Like an absolute fucking beauty, buddy.
Like a legend.
So, yeah, we buzz out to Sudbury and shoot season one.
And, fuck, man man we had so much fun
and and sort of the rest is history you know it really it caught fire um remembering lines
like is that or are you guys a little bit more ad lib uh very similar to curb your enthusiasm
i mean that that was honestly probably the the biggest uh sort of like pressure that hersey and i put on ourselves because knowing
knowing that element of it the fact that he really went to bat for us like when we got out there so
the whole like every script you see is almost written like 99 of what you see or hear is
written in the script that there's a little tiny bit of ad-libbing that we end up doing
but it's usually at the end of a scene and it's usually like after all the stuff is has been filmed because in a show
that quick pace right like if you miss a line or you ad-lib a line you can throw the whole scene
off right because there's so many words there's so many sentences coming in so fast from so many
different characters that there's not much time to to ad lib so that first
season like I'm not exaggerating when I say eight hours a night Andrew and I would run those scenes
like we'd we'd work and work and work because our whole thing was like we got this one chance you
know if we if we do good by by Jared and Belle then maybe we'll get a chance to do more of it so
I don't think there's anything in my life I've ever, you know,
prepared more for. And then when you,
when you've got all that stuff locked in and, and, and memorize,
then you can go into it and sort of have fun with it.
But it's like, if you're a little bit unsure,
then you're thinking about it and you're thinking about what you're saying.
So yeah, man,
that's I think where we earned our paychecks was just doing the work before we
got on set, you know, to memorize.
And it goes back to the hockey thing.
And I tell people I'm always thankful for, like, growing up in that environment
because you're held accountable even from a young age, right?
Yeah.
And then you talked about the hard work that your old man instilled in you as well.
And you're thinking, in this situation, it's very similar to a hockey team
because, like, this guy went to bat for you,
similar to maybe your coach picking for the team.
And you,
you put in that extra work just to ensure that you were going to provide.
And dude,
you've obviously worked your balls off to be where you are.
So when you,
when you do this first season of letter,
Kenny,
and I hope you'd be able to maybe explain more of,
of what it's actually about and maybe the different,
the different characters in the show that are very important. And did you guys expect for it to blow up as much of it as it did yeah i i mean like
you said you know it's a a huge part of the success i think comes from where everyone was
before the show started you know we for the most part like of the top cast, I think seven of us all played at least junior hockey.
So we all sort of had that, that makeup in us, you know?
And then as far as the characters are concerned, again,
we're all from small towns. Like I'm from Fort St. James, BC,
bumfuck nowhere, north of Prince George.
Hersey's from Kingston, Ontario. Kiso's from Listowel.
Jamie's from, he's from the island. He's from a little
town out there. And basically the tribes in the show are people that we all knew growing up,
you know, like from those small towns, you got the Hicks, the Skids, the hockey players, the natives,
the hardcore Christians or the Mennonites.
And I mean, so much of that just comes from reality.
And I think that's a huge reason why the show resonates with people
is because it feels like everyone kind of knows someone from Letterkenny, you know?
Yeah.
At least from what I hear of it.
And I mean, so I was also digging for a little bit of information here
so as the show got more and more popular it won an award and you guys ended up going to the award
show I'm not sure exactly which award show it was but you guys ended up getting to meet Dave
Chappelle backstage yeah we did yeah Dave Chappelle he was uh man it's it man, it's still so surreal.
Like, we buzz backstage, and there's Dave Chappelle,
and he walks up to Michelle, who plays Katie,
and he goes, you guys' show.
You know, I can't do a Dave Chappelle accent.
It's really funny.
Good job.
You know, like, that's all he said.
He goes, it's really funny.
And I'm like, fuck, boys.
Like, we're good.
We're done.
Like, I can die happy.
Dave Chlle just gave
us the nod of approval and then uh a couple years later we got the uh the brad pitt nod of approval
i don't know if you've ever seen that but he was on the he was at the oscars come on i swear to god
man he was at the oscars and a canadian talk show host walks up to him and goes hey can i get a
quick question for canada he goes for canada yeah anything you bet he walks up to him and goes, hey, can I get a quick question for Canada? He goes, for Canada?
Yeah, anything, you bet.
He walks up, he goes, how do you feel about your movie
being nominated for so many awards?
He goes, I feel a lot better about your show Letter Kenny.
And then buzzes off.
I was just like, buddy, unbelievable.
And now I'm name dropping hard, so'll just own it but uh ed norton just
fired us a a thumbs up tweet on on twitter they're saying that uh letter kenny is one of the best
shows he's seen so that was pretty cool and that came out of steve brill who's the creator of the
mighty ducks like he he actually was talking one of the other producers on mighty ducks and when
she had mentioned that that she knew me,
I guess he got all stoked and was like,
well, let's reach out to Dylan for Mighty Ducks.
So, I mean, we've got some pretty  we've got fans in high places,
I guess you could say.
It's wild.
Let's get into the Mighty Ducks stuff.
Mikey was teeing me up about it beforehand.
So, you're the next Gordon Bombay.
You bet. Coming in the clutch flying v dui started off or what
started off driving home a couple too many wildly pops and uh yeah no it's it's funny man actually
it's a really cool really cool setup they got for it so the ducks have become like a uh you know like a 60 grand a year
prep school and academy so they're just a bunch of cake eaters yeah cake eaters exactly exactly
and uh and i've come in as the young stud coach on his way to the show taking this uh development
team all the way to the top and and i'm coaching against bombay's's squad of ragtag boys.
So it's so cool, man.
Like the other day I was standing on the bench and we were filming
and I look over and there's a scene where I got to shoot a look to Bombay
and Bombay looks back to me like we got to fuck you going on.
And I just do the hair.
You rip your shirt off like you're an old man.
I grab my
You fucker.
I'm going to fucking kill you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like, whoa, whoa, this is Disneyney this is disney he's ripped his mic off we can't hear anything he's saying he's fucking bleeding out yeah yeah exactly but yeah it's cool man it's
like obviously my brothers and i like we grew up on on the series so it's it's so surreal man it's
it's really cool uh is that that's with disney yeah disney plus oh my god
you're gonna you're gonna be like the next hannah montana working on it buddy oh hey i i mean fuck
dude i don't know if you know about it or not but i did two musicals for disney i did the descendants
two and three i played the son of gaston i had to sing and dance and can you sing can you sing for
us like what was a line that you had to sing in the in
the play or whatever you ever heard of gang vocals no yeah it's literally just like you
could sing gang vocals Grinelli could sing gang vocals oh I'm a great singer yeah I bet you are
yeah we should get you on the next track it's literally what was I saying i think it was literally i think literally i'm listed on itunes as like
one of the artists but my line is okay thanks you good leave this fucking studio we'll just
loop that oh you get a credit for that and that's not singing is it tell me about it i know i'm
still shocked every time i see my name damn i could do that you've motivated me like the what's his name uh the guy from um Friday
Night Lights motivated you to act yeah I could sing Christ Jesus um what else do we got to talk
about here um well you're almost the coach oh okay so yeah explain that whole backstory I know that
I got asked at two points well actually sorry that was the first I've heard of it then the other one
was when I was going to come in as this like hockey player who was doing blow and i got asked to do
like a little pop-up scene in letter kenny and i asked the coyotes and it was my first year in
media and i'm like yeah like yeah they're asking me to do this show and i'm gonna be ripping rails
and they're like yeah maybe not yeah maybe maybe if we have you not ripping rails maybe that'd be
cool maybe and i'm like but i've
been trained for this my whole life boys this is my moment you don't get it i'll bring authenticity
to the role i'd be like daniel day lewis in that role just fucking get the plate ready
yeah right full uh full uh committed character actor um yeah man it was funny so like i said
like in the early stages it was really really just kind of Jared and his buddies.
And that was really the whole sort of nucleus of the show.
And I was right around the time, like you said,
you just started working for the Yotes.
But I mean, I've been following your Twitter for a long, long time.
I always thought you're like my spirit animal of hockey players.
I was like, fuck, if only I was a little bit, buddy,
if I was a little bit less
garbage i i would have been there i was i'd fight anyone who asked me which was almost to a fault
i got the wheels beat off me a couple times but you know you don't ask how you ask how many and
and i'd you know go up against some some pretty big boys and every now and then i'd get a little
guy who'd fight me and i'd tune him and keep my ego up but anyway I digress into the into the Tilly talk uh about you so I was pitching you hard I'm
like fuck uh uh Piz would be the funniest hockey coach like I think it would fit the vibe really
well and this was around the time they were they were filling out the cast and I guess they uh
they got an audition from Mark Forward who is obviously the hockey
coach now and he's
hilarious. He's like one of the funniest
guys I've ever met in my entire life
so I think it worked out really well
obviously your career is
in a very healthy
place here with Spittin' Chicklets and the
Yotes and whatnot but
they circled back and tried to get you in as
the blow addicted hockey player but I think the Yotes put the, but they circled back and tried to get you in as the blow addicted hockey player,
but I think the Yotes put the kibosh on it.
I would have got canned after one week because I can't memorize lines.
That's like the hardest thing to me.
I can't even read ad reads on this podcast,
let alone get through the memorization process of it.
I'd have to have a teleprompter set up the entire time.
Right.
Get the bird in the bag.
The cue cards. The cue cards yeah oh man great segue to ask you about the magic mic i was supposed to ask you about the next magic
mic yeah what about the next magic well well this this was people say you're a great dancer
oh yeah oh no i i am a great dancer i i'll send you some links from from descendants two and three i
got this move down called the crocodile which i think they actually uh named after me it's a very
seductive maneuver where you start standing and you go to a push-up position but your hips stay
above your head and then you slide back up and you move like a crocodile it's very erotic very
very sensible very magic mike
so are you putting your name in the hat for the next role for that for that movie
you were gonna say do i think the it's do i know and yes yes i know i could do
yeah man i put my name in that for sure that'd be awesome we're chanting tatum
um well i guess is there anything else you wanted to mention that i
didn't bring up and on your behalf coaching with tavares didn't you coach do some coaching with
tavares there oh my god oh my god you heard this story i did this is this is so funny okay so
uh long story short uh or short story long i guess guess, depending on how you look at it. I'm out in, we're out in Sudbury and I grew up with the Folinos.
They're really close with my cousins out in Buffalo.
Larry Playfair and Mike and Dennis and Jenna and Anna, they all live out there and they grew up with the felinos so felinos have this this charity hockey tournament in sudbury where
they invite out a bunch of nhl guys and raise a ton of money for the children's hospital out there
and uh he asked mike did if the boys from letter canny would come out as celebrity coaches
now this was in between the time my dad was with the yotes and the Oilers. So I completely unplugged from hockey.
Like I wasn't, I unfollowed the Twitter feeds.
Like I wasn't, I deleted the score app off my phone.
I just was not into hockey.
I was a little bit disillusioned.
I kind of get into it when Jimmy's coaching.
And when he's not, I'm pretty well focused on my own stuff. So this is during the Taveras transition from New York to Toronto,
which is like one of the biggest hockey controversies
that have happened in a long time, completely over my head.
So he's one of the other celebrity coaches
because he heard his knee during training camp or whatever,
or training.
I don't know why he wasn't playing, but wasn't he was standing right next to me and i'm sitting
their hands in my pocket a little awkward trying to make conversation jared's standing next to me
and i look over and i swear to god i go so john when uh when are you heading back to new york
for training camp he just looks forward doesn't even look at me
keeps looking forward he goes I'm going to Toronto for training camp oh and the boys on the bench
must have thought that I was playing like like a three level deep chirp game because they start
fucking laughing they're like this kid just took a shot right over the bow and Jared's laughing
because he knows he's like this sounds like you're you know a high level shirt master
and after the game he's like that was hilarious man like I can't believe you had the balls to say
that I'm like Jared the worst part is I wasn't even digging on him I just completely missed the
last two years of hockey conversations so yeah did, didn't you apologize around the spot?
Dude, I didn't even, like, I didn't even let it sink in until,
because the boys started laughing.
I'm like, I must have said something funny.
And so, I mean, if he's listening, sorry, John.
Or an absolute dagger.
Yeah, yeah, right, exactly.
Well, I'm sure someone will tell him now,
and he won't hate your guts that much. So, that's the good news. Yeah, it, right, exactly. Well, I'm sure someone will tell him now, and he won't hate your guts that much, so that's the good news.
Yeah, it was pretty funny.
I think Jared still believes it to be one of the best trips of all time,
but I don't know, man.
It ate me up for a while.
Pretty funny, though.
Buddy, congratulations on all your success.
Season 9 is coming out of Letterkenny.
You can find it where?
Letterkenny is on Hulu.
I did another movie recently in New York.
I'd be remiss if I didn't mention it, Odd Man Rush.
That's on Amazon and iTunes.
And, yeah, Mighty Ducks is coming out on Disney+,
so you can catch me playing hockey better than I ever played before on TV.
That Odd Man Rush is with Cologne's buddy, right?
Yeah, yeah, that's right.
Exactly.
Fucking right.
Also, good luck on all your other endeavors.
I know you're a big Disney star now.
Just don't end up going crazy like some of these kids do.
Don't let it go to your head.
Yeah, I got Jimmy to keep me on the straight and narrow.
He's got many more sticks where those other ones came from.
Actually, there's actually one more thing I got to bring up.
Somebody told me that you have this shitting the pants story
where I've done it a few times.
We've talked about shitty Cindy.
I'm pretty sure a lot of people on this podcast are down with the shit stories.
I got to hear what happened to you in this situation.
Yeah, so I have my own uh unique experience with
uh shitting of the pants and it starts with sobriety actually so i am taking a month off
drinking i'm doing sober october and i buy a six pack of kombucha to go to this party
i didn't know this at the time i know know it now. Kombucha, when drank in
excess, serves as a laxative, like a really effective laxative. So I get a six pack of
kombucha. I go to my buddy's party. I drink it all. Night's young. I'm like, okay, this sober
October is overrated. Let's get into one. So, you you know we're about 12 hours into into october and i've
already fallen off the wagon end up getting into one the next day i'm meeting my buddies and we're
going out to my pal's cabin on the island for the long weekend and uh we get on the ferry so i live
in vancouver we're going to vancouver island and it's like a two-hour ferry what a beautiful ride
that is we gotta hop in there. It is gorgeous.
Anyone who goes to Vancouver, I recommend if you're going over the island,
take that ferry out of Tawasin, correct?
That's right.
Yeah, it's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
The bathrooms are, you know, the stalls are floor to ceiling,
so you can't see who's in the stall.
That's a tidbit you're going to want to have as the story progresses so
the boys go out to the top deck and and they're going out to to get a breath of fresh air and i'm
walking up the stairs and i and i have what completely disguises itself as a normal size
human fart and let me tell you biz when i when i released the the floodgates on this one it wasn't a little
squeaker it was by the time it was done i didn't even need to go to the bathroom anymore i just
needed to throw out what i was wearing because it was a complete evacuation of my it was like
like could it have filled up like a 750 milliliter bottle a hundred percent oh a hundred percent and a consistency like a like a
frosty just horrendous oh my goodness so i'm like you couldn't stop it like the it was like whoosh
gone out all it was as long as long as it takes to fart like one good one that was the amount of
time it took to fill up the underwear that I was
wearing like to the teeth.
So I got my hands in my pocket so I can grab the edges of my boxers to keep
this from going down into my shoes.
Like that's how bad it is.
Like this is,
I'm not even embarrassed.
I'm laughing.
I'm like,
this is,
this is a sneak attack.
Like no one,
no one could have prepared themselves for this,
this event.
Seal team six coming in
the choppers are landing on the ferry this is like this is a full full operation yeah so i'm
like boys you gotta you gotta wait for me here like i'll be back but you gotta you gotta wait
for me i'm gonna need to air out after this like hang tight so mind you this is the early morning
ferry this is 7 a.m this like, this is starting your day.
So I waddled downstairs and I go and I see the first bathroom I see is the family bathroom.
It's like the handicapped bathroom, whatever, you know.
So I open the door and I walk in.
And in this particular bathroom on this particular ferry, you walk in and there's like a floor to ceiling door on the one stall and a
little sink. So you can't like see who's in the stall. I thought it was empty.
And I walk in and I swear to God, dude, there are,
there are two guys in the stall and I'm in there long enough to know what
they're doing. And they're, they're fornicating.
They're making love at 7am in a bathroom stall on the ferry.
Mind you, I've just fully shit myself.
So I'm thinking I have two choices to make.
Either I stay here and deal with this, then they come out and we all deal with it,
or I bite the bullet, I go outside and wait until they're done,
and then I go back in and clean.
I swear to God. My opinion on the spot would have been like they can deal with this they're fucking in a bathroom this is all whatever it's all gonna
get weird let's enjoy the party that's my thinking it's about to get weird and in hindsight maybe i
should have went with this but i thought well they were here first you know i'll i'll let them finish
up and i'll and i'll look back once they're gone because there's no one else on the ferry like i'll
i'll just go in and hover over the seat because I'm not sitting in it.
I'm literally hovering.
So I'm sitting.
I wait in the benches.
And there's a lady two seats up from me, the only other person that I could see on the ferry.
And she's in her late 70s maybe.
And she's sleeping.
And this is where it gets crazy because I smell shit.
Not my shit.
I can smell my shit.
I know my own smell, but there's a new one.
And this poor woman wakes up from what must have been a nightmare
and turns around and looks at me.
And I know in that moment that she's just shit herself
because she just shit herself in her sleep.
And she gets up.
And now I have another choice to make.
Am I going to lean over my seat and go, listen, lady, I know you don't know me and I don't
know you.
And this is crazy because it's 8 a.m.
You shit yourself.
I shit myself also.
But guess what?
The same bathroom that you're about to walk into, because I know that's where you're going,
because that's where I just fucking went in that bathroom.
There are two guys boning in the fucking stall and it's gonna shake you because it shook me and i can't yell
that at her she's like she's as shook as i was well and you're taking the gamble that she didn't
actually shoot herself and maybe it was just the farts maybe it's about right so she gets up
and she waddles so now i'm pretty sure that it wasn't a fart okay and she waddles into the same
bathroom that i just waddled out of it takes about the same amount of time to recognize what i recognized turns around walks out
i look at her she looks at me we both have this understanding of like this is shit this is just
shit everywhere so she fucking she doesn't decide to wait she's gonna find another bathroom so she
waddles her way to the other side of the ship and these two guys come out and they're having a great time they're fucking
grinning ear to ear they've had a phenomenal morning they had the roman swipes on yeah they
had their yeah they were yeah the roman swipes were in use that day so i wheel in there i i
fucking throw these shorts into the trash they're going forever they're done lock the door
occur to see that these guys had not paid the rest of the patrons on the boat and throw these shorts into the trash. They're gone forever. They're done. Lock the door.
Occur to see that these guys had not paid the rest of the patrons on the boat.
Clean myself up.
Mind you, this is all about a 45-minute endeavor.
So by the time I get back up there, this is a while.
I would have just sat in that urinal the rest of the trip.
I thought about how long it would take to swim back to Vancouver, but I was in the middle of the Georgia Strait.
I had to commit to the boat. So by the time i get back up to the top of the shit
my buddies are like where the hell have you been dude like it's been an hour i just tell them like
boys when i say this i mean it you will not believe the shit that i've just been through
yeah yeah there you go there's the punchline i love it and there's the punchline
dismount great dismount dylan that's uh that's fucked up dude i only like did a little one
my paper route one might have been a little bit bigger not bigger than yours bigger than my my
one recently at the airport but that is uh that's fucking gross i would imagine we've last uh lost
half of our listeners by the time you got to the fact when it came out. But a great story, and thank you very much for joining us.
And best of luck with Letter Kenny and everything else you got going.
Buddy, my pleasure.
Glad to share it with you boys.
Cheers.
Thanks so much, Dylan, for sitting down with Biz.
That's some good stuff.
And if you haven't seen it yet, Letter Kenny is currently streaming on Hulu
here in the States if you want to have some laughs.
By all means, check it out.
And we also want to let you know, by all means, check it out.
And we also want to let you know that Budweiser Ultimate Sports Sweeps is now available across Canada.
In specially marked cases of Budweiser is your chance to win tickets
to both the Super Bowl and the Stanley Cup Final,
plus other epic sports prizes.
You'll also be able to redeem a coupon for a free bag of Ruffles chips
in each one of these specially marked cases.
Game time is our time so visit ultimate sports sweeps.com for more info no purchase necessary must be legal drinking age all right well the world woke up to some shitty news sunday morning
as we all found out that jeopardy host alex trebek succumbed to pancreatic cancer a year and a half
after making his diagnosis public.
Alex, of course, was a proud son of Canada that I think Americans sort of adopted via their TVs for the last 36 years.
I remember being a 12-year-old kid in jeopardy, returned to the airwaves, and I was hooked from the jump.
He was always a genial fellow, occasionally a mild ball buster, but Trebek was a stranger.
He felt like an old pal or a beloved uncle every time he tuned in.
Plus, Alex was also a huge hockey fan,
and his surprise appearance at this year's draft made Ottawa's selection
the highlight of the draft.
I think because everybody knew what kind of shape he was in
and the fact that he could do it, and you didn't know he was sick
unless you were aware otherwise.
Trebek also continued to work after his diagnosis.
He was a model of grace in class as cancer ravaged his body.
I mean, everybody was watching him every night and just astounded that not only he was still working, but still doing at the high level he set so long ago.
So, you know, would have been so much easier for him to just stop working.
He was in his late 70s.
He could have said, hey, I'm done.
But he kept doing it.
I'm sure he did it for himself and his family.
But he also did it to everybody who fell in love with Jeppe.
The millions and millions of us around the world. And I know the guy was 80 years old, but
I never saw so many people moved by a fellow passing away on Twitter. It's usually someone
has something pissy to say, but that didn't happen with Alex. It's just such a huge loss
for everybody. And we're terribly sad to see him go. Jeopardy was what Alex Trebek did,
and he did it expertly up until two weeks before his death.
They are going to run his final episodes.
They're going to stop on December 25th,
for those of you who do watch and appreciate the show.
So on behalf of everybody here at Spit and Chicklets,
we just want to say thank you, Alex, for doing what he did,
and personally for comforting a 12-year-old kid via trivia when I needed it,
and also for being a model of excellence for the next three and a half decades.
So again, from everybody here at Spit and Chicklets,
we send our deepest condolences to the family and friends of Alex Trebek.
He's a legend, no doubt about that.
I did mention the holidays, and the holidays are just around the corner,
and we're going to be dropping some new ugly Christmas sweaters.
Gee, what do people have to look forward to this year?
So they have already dropped in the Barstool Sports store.
That's BarstoolSports.com slash chicklets.
We got some premium knit ones this year.
We have a Pink Whitney premium knit, a Spittin' Chicklets premium knit.
We brought back the Man Rocket.
We brought back the Sick League.
So check that out.
That's BarstoolSports.com slash chicklets.
And let me just say, Black Friday is right around the corner.
And boy, do we have a drop coming for Black Friday. So stay tuned for Black Friday. Buy your ugly
sweaters now. And that's about all I got. All right. Nice. Looking forward to it. These are
the only sweaters I wear, Mikey. I'm not much of a sweater guy, but when the ugly sweaters for
Boston and chicklets, I'm all over them. So all right, everybody. Well, that's going to wrap up
this episode. Hopefully you enjoy it. And we'll be back in a week with a couple more interviews for you. Have a great week.
And as always, we love to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets. Big thanks
to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney. Big thanks to our friends over
at Theragun for taking care of our muscles. Huge thank you to everyone at Cross Country Mortgage.
By all means, check them out if you're looking for a first mortgage or you want to refi.
And, of course, big thanks to our friends up at Budweiser Canada for helping us out.
Take care, everybody, and have a fantastic weekend. That's where you want to go To get away from it all
Bodies in the sand
Tropical dream
Nothing in your hands
We'll be falling in love
To the rhythm of a steel band
Down in Cocoa
Aruba, Jamaica
Ooh, I wanna take you to Bermuda
Bahama, Ghana
Pretty mama
Hilargo, Montego
