Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 307 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, gang? Hopefully everyone's doing well out there.
Thank you so much for the great feedback on last week's episode.
Everybody really enjoyed the Oblonsky and Playfair.
We got an old school fighter and a guy on a very popular show in Canada, so everybody really appreciated that.
For week three of our November interview series, we have three-time Stanley Cup winner Justin
Williams, as well as candid as Mr. D himself, comedian and actor Jerry D.
Some good stuff coming.
Before we get to the interviews, our friends at NHTSA want to remind everybody to click
it or tick it.
From November 16th through the 29th of this year, state and local law
enforcement agencies across the U.S. are stepping up their enforcement efforts for motorists who
are not wearing their seatbelts. I'm not going far. I'm in a rush. Listen, don't kid yourself
with those excuses. There's no excuse for not buckling up. If you've used them before, you're
putting yourself at risk of injury or death, no matter where you're sitting or how fast you're
going. In 2018, nearly 10,000 people were unbuckled
when they were killed in crashes. That's 43 of people killed in motor vehicle crashes that were
not wearing seatbelts. I'm actually baffled when people don't use them considering how good they
are, how much they work. They take two seconds to put on. Legit, I had two friends that had their
lives saved last year simply because they were wearing seatbelts. Also, cops are going to be on
the lookout and writing tickets, so why take the risk?
Seatbelts save lives, so do the smart thing
and buckle up every trip, day or night,
whether you're driving or in the backseat of a hired car.
Click It or Ticket isn't about citations.
It's about saving lives.
In 2018, there were 9,778 unbuckled passenger vehicle occupants
killed in crashes in the United States.
To help prevent crash fatalities,
we need to step up seatbelt enforcement day and night.
So click it or ticket.
Like I say, gee, it's such a common sense thing.
And I'll tell you, I didn't always wear one growing up.
And then Saturday in college,
you just realize how much of a common sense thing it is.
So people, click it or ticket.
All right, now we're going to liven the place up a little.
It's time for the one and only Justin Williams.
Well, we're very excited to bring you our next guest,
one of the most clutch players of the last 20 years.
This guy played 19 NHL seasons, totaled over 1,400 games,
regular season and playoffs.
He won the Stanley Cup once with Carolina and twice with the Kings,
and he was the Conn Smythe winner in 2014.
And, of course course in nine game
sevens he won eight of them while putting up 15
points. It's an honor and a
pleasure to welcome to the podcast the legend
himself Justin Williams.
Hi Jens.
What a fucking intro Willie.
Hey R.A. you left out the
part they never spent a minute in the
Always Hungry League just straight National League
right from the end of Junior. Had minute in the always hungry league just straight national league right from the right from the end of junior had that in the questions but yeah oh sorry i took one of
his questions that's the only one ra had written down yeah way to go with oh man let's you start
off all right you probably got a bunch there yeah i was gonna say so what are you just coming from
my coaching is that your kids team or a different team? No, coaching my kid's team.
So I just, I found myself just kind of dabbling a little bit in the past couple of years.
And then when, you know, you see your kid out there and he's getting coached by, you know, some random dad and he's trying to tell him something.
I'm like, I got to get involved here.
I got to get in.
I got to get on the ice.
And, you know, I want to be as bad as anyone.
He's like, come on. I need a little help here bud yeah so i just said you know what i might as well get into this
and i've really really really come to enjoy it i coach my son's team um and then i uh unfortunately
my daughter's taking a little bit of a backseat but she plays hockey as well and i try and coach
there as much as possible you're looking a little jack too you're on the rod brindamore coaching regime taking fucking needles in your ass too you know he makes all his coaches
work out before you know practice does he well i don't know if he makes them but i think he kind
of guilts them into it so they gotta you're in there if you get there early enough they're all
on the bike and working out so you'll see no chubby men running the pk with rod the bard
brindamore yeah no no way
all kidding aside rod the bottom and you win a stanley cup with him legendary picture the way
he raised the cup the scream he gave and then you play for him so what was it like i mean coming back
it must be a little different having shared such a special experience and then you know being coached
by a guy yeah i i think it's kind like if you're lucky enough to have that evolution of
the hockey player like you break into the league and then you get a little bit older and then
you're still playing and then all of a sudden your friends that you played with to become
scouts then they become GMs and you're just like oh my gosh like what is happening here so
a lot of the guys I know are coaches in the league now and um obviously Rod is one of them and and I
thought maybe initially it might be a little awkward um I don't know why I thought that but
but it was far from it you know it just picked up right where we left off I can go in the room
and talk about anything I want um the guys are like hey go get a day off I'm like all right we'll
see I'll try uh so it's just a lot easier to have that, that relationship.
And obviously we share the same, you know,
I think attitude and expectations that we want.
And it was pretty easy to be honest.
Were you guys always trying to one up each other when you were on the same
team? Did you just have a little healthy competition going?
Who, Roddy and I? Yeah.
Not really. No, not, not, not really. No. I mean, he, I mean, he was my centerman. I think I played, I was shelter Yeah. Not really, no. Not really, no.
I mean, he was my center man.
I think I played  I was sheltered a little bit, right?
I mean, that guy was so good offensively and defensively.
I played like 98 of my shifts that year.
It didn't matter, PP, PK, five-on-five.
You know, when I played in Carolina, he was with me all the time
and made me look good, I think.
I want to know what your record is going in asking for days off.
Were you 10 for 10?
Did you ever get a Manute bowl?
Uh-uh.
That was nice.
When the door opens, turn around.
Yeah, fuck off.
Do a push-up here before you leave the office too.
You can kind of get a feel when you get in the door
whether or not you think you should probably ask for one or not or you just chicken out and
just leave the room so uh you know it's uh it's it was just so easy it was honestly so easy being
being um you know being a player when he was a coach it was a piece of cake
it's funny you mentioned like the whole thought and experience of playing with guys,
and then all of a sudden you keep going, and they're becoming the scouts
and becoming the coaches, and it hits you.
I've been doing this a long time, but it probably makes it easier.
You have so many connections in the hockey world.
Have you even thought at all about what you want to do next,
or is it just wait and see, just kind of enjoy retirement for now?
I don't know how you know you did it but
i did i don't i met ra in a dark alley and smoked crack with him and then we started chicklets
so anyway mine i don't think it's going to be like that um real love story
but i mean listen i i think i've got some time here to kind of just do my own thing and kind of
figure out what I want to do. And I grow up right now. I'm just enjoying being home. I'm enjoying
coaching the kids. They're 12 and nine. It's a great age. Um, um, you know, I don't have to
answer to anybody. If I just, if I want to go golfing like four or five days of the week,
you know, I don't have to answer to anybody. And I love that. I don't have to be anywhere
right now. And, um, I'm just, I'm enjoying living life to anybody. And I love that. I don't have to be anywhere right now.
And I'm just, I'm enjoying living life right now.
And I'm sure maybe at one point I'll get sick of it
and move on to whatever heck I want to do.
But as of right now, I'm just happy just being here.
So your son's 12, you say.
So that, I mean, that means he got the dream
where he has a lot of years where he remembers being like,
you know, a son of an NHL
and he's going into the room I think it was so cool the guys I play with who had kids old enough
to understand like what their dad was doing he I mean he must have loved Ovi has he been around
ever since he was kind of old enough and gotten into the game yeah he was and and ever since I
mean he was born in Carolina and then you know a know, a couple months later, I got traded to L.A.
So he spent the first seven, seven and a half years in L.A.
and then moved over to Washington.
And, I mean, a son of an NHLer, they, you know, if they're involved in hockey
and they want to be in hockey, that's great.
But it just gives them that opportunity that not many kids have.
And I think he's very appreciative of what he's been able to do.
And I think as you go along as a hockey player and you have kids,
you want them to be able to see what dad does.
You know, you have this big house and these things.
And a lot of these kids, they grow up, they're like, how did we get this?
But my son and my daughter, they actually know.
Daddy worked.
He was, you know, a good hockey player.
And, you know, that's how we got what we have.
And it was great to have him around.
Fortunately, all the teams I went on loved having kids in the dressing room.
And he was palling around.
And, I mean, what an experience for a kid, I tell you.
Talking about teams you've been on,
we always like to go back to the beginning of guys' careers.
You played a couple years as juniors.
Now, I heard you're a big crossword puzzle guy,
which I just said to Biz that pretty much makes you a savant of the NHL.
Obviously a smart guy.
How close were you to going to college instead of juniors?
Well, it was different for me in the fact that like
i wasn't like i was drafted in the first round but like i had the chance to be drafted to the
first round were very slim the year before because it was a quick rise two years you were playing in
the north american league some games weren't you i i was so my first year i got i got drafted by
the plymouth whalers which are they're not even there anymore. I think they're called,
I think they're in Flint. So I got drafted in the sixth round in the OHL,
which, you know, listen, it's not great.
They don't expect much of you as a sixth rounder.
Actually Peter DeBoer was my coach and, you know, that first year I was just,
you know, I was, I was a late bloomer.
And I obviously had a lot to learn as
well and he was my coach and he was hard on me but but I think he gave me kind of exactly what I
needed and um halfway through the year they're like all right this isn't working out so they
sent me down to the NHL there I played for the Compu or Ambassadors um you know for like a month
or so they kind of got called back up and um it was it was it was interesting and and you know for like a month or so they kind of got called back up and um it was it was it was
interesting and and you know the next year i had a great year i was drafting the first round so it
was it happened quick for me so now it's so different i mean because like social media we
always bring this up but kids would be so upset if they're ohl and they get sent down the first
year did you even like were you rattled by that did you you realize, all right, something's got to change here?
Or were you just like, all right, I'm going to just go play good down there.
Like what was the approach being that young and,
and seeing guys that also are 16 playing in the over 17 and you're kind of not
there the whole time.
Yeah. I think a lot of the way kids are now, you know,
some of them expect a lot before they've earned it. And, you know, some of them expect a lot before they've earned it.
And, you know, I got sent down there and I was like, OK, I was still confident in myself.
I still felt I shouldn't have been sent down.
You know, I felt I needed to get more opportunity.
But, you know, I went down there and played very well.
You know, and I was always a guy that was like, I'm going to show you type dude.
Not like, oh, mom, dad, look at this guy. It's being so unfair. Right. It was always like, no, I'm going to show you type dude. Not like, oh, mom, dad, look at this guy.
It's being so unfair, right?
It was always like, no, I'm going to show this guy and I'm going to prove him wrong.
And, you know, that's kind of been my attitude since I was, you know, a kid and, you know, a little spunky.
You know, confident in myself.
But, you know, I went down there and then got called back up and, you know, got an opportunity later to play and rolled with it.
Does that attitude and kind of approach to life and hockey come from like your father?
Like, what was your beginning into the game? Was he a player? He got you in.
I know you had great uncles I was reading that played in the NHL. Is that true?
I don't know if you ever met them.
You might think I had a great uncle Jerry
Topazini who played for the Bruins
in the 50s he might
he might have done a little bit
of research on it but
yeah I already wrote the guy a letter
when he was like 30
yeah I had
another uncle another great uncle the brother
Zelio Topazini who played for
the Providence Reds and I think he was named the player of the century, if I'm not mistaken.
So, I mean, he's, you know, we've got some bloodline in there.
Yeah, ancestry.com, that's how you found out.
Yeah, so I just, you know, I just loved hockey.
I was a kid from just outside Toronto, an hour outside Toronto from Coburg. And I just,
I loved the game and I didn't know where it would take me.
I just know I wanted to play it.
So you finally do break in the NHL, the 2000, 2001 Flyers.
When you get in the locker room, 36 year old Rick talking,
his mere presence just scared the shit out of you.
Yeah. I mean, I mean that you. Yeah, I mean, that guy especially.
I mean, I was a little intimidated, right?
You're 18 years old.
You come to the room.
You've got Mark Reckie, John LeClair over here.
You've got, you know, I'm sandwiched right between.
I know you guys had Kevin Stevens on the podcast lately.
He was right next to me in the stall.
And Tockett's right next to me.
And Keith Jones is there. And Chris Terrian's chirping from the other way. It was right next to me in the stall and talk it's right next to me and keith
jones is there and chris terrien's chirping from the other way it was like overload for me
and it sounds like an 80s movie and you're you were in the league young blood yeah and you know
arty right the way he talks like you can hear him from six rooms away he's so loud you know he's like
right like i don't i don't know what he's saying but it's funny
because it's the way he talks right um but i mean rick talking i mean that guy took me everywhere
he's like hey let's go to dinner he's like oh i'm like okay uh all right hey let's uh you know
come over we're gonna go train in la for three for three months let's go and i'm like okay hey
let's go to the bar okay i'm only 20 but ah, but that's fine. We'll get you in. You know, it was just,
he took me everywhere and I have so much respect for what he did for me,
bringing me in and other countless other guys in that team as well.
They've done it, but, but him especially, I just have a little soft spot.
Wasn't Keith Primo your first roommate?
He was biz. Yeah. This was before, right? right i mean i don't know if you guys are
old enough to remember but like oh i some of you are but when you got your own room in the nhl
it was a huge accomplishment 600 games it took you when i got in the league yeah it was 600 games at
first they've moved it now to out of your entry-level contract. 600 games you had to play.
I think everyone gets one now.
No, not entry-level contracts.
Oh, wow.
Yeah. That'll be the next 600 games.
I remember, yeah.
Fleury was with, I think, Mark Bergevin.
He's like, take my bags upstairs, kid.
Mark Bergevin had a roommate.
So how are you with Keith Primo had you not paid played 600 games yet so he had not played 600
games oh my god he's got you know four kids like he's 30 years old or 29 years old i'm breaking
into the league i'm rooming with keith primo and i'm like kind of like kind of like one of his
kids kind of right you know just uh i was just the pain in the ass roommate.
Like we would, we would sometimes I'd be like that little kid, you know,
we get those double beds next to each other and I'd just be kind of like
throwing stuff at him.
Just like throw a pillow at him or something and then throw one of my,
you know, French fries I just ordered from room service.
I'd be throwing it over.
He goes, throw one more and I'm coming over there.
And of course threw another one and off he comes and we start wrestling in the room he
pinned me in about four seconds but i don't know we we had a few of those and it was just it was
just fun i was just just being me and being annoying he was he was actually sick that year
too your first year that was one of his best years in the league. And I think you must have seen this guy.
When he was going, there was fucking  he was a beast.
Yeah.
I mean, him and Mark Reckie that year were on the same line.
And those guys  I know you know Rex.
I mean, that guy just nonstop.
His wheels are like  his feet are like the Roadrunner, right?
They never stop moving.
And when he gets like  he'll dump it in.
If he's frustrated, he'll like hammer someone.
The bench just gets fired up.
The year that you guys won the cup in Carolina,
he had been in Pittsburgh and you could just tell
he was just disgusted with losing.
He just won his whole career pretty much.
And finally he got out of there
and made such a difference with that team.
I thought, I mean, I'm sure everyone thinks that,
that watched him play with,
obviously you guys play together.
He was just such a fucking legend. And I told this story, I mean, I'm sure everyone thinks that, that watched him play with, you know, obviously you guys play together. He was just such a fucking legend.
And I told this story.
I was called up and I was in the locker room.
I was the loud guy in the minors.
And I get into the NHL.
It's Mario and Recchi, Lyle Odeline.
I'm like, come on, wrecking ball.
Let's fucking go.
Orpik looked over and he's like, dude, shut up.
Call him the wrecking ball.
But did the older guys love it? They probably kind of loved it. And they probably were kind of like, shut up call him the wrecking ball but did the older guys love it they probably kind of loved
it and they probably were kind of like shut up it was different then you know what i mean like
maybe deep down they loved it but they wouldn't let me know that they did it probably mattered
on your play if you were snapping it to them tape to tape they're fine if you're not then
they're like shut the fuck up kid or or get sent down really the last two seasons in phil that you were in phil you had
ken hitchcock we've had heard a ton of stories about him on on the show over the years you ever
have a good fu match with him i didn't have the balls to do that i mean guys would do it on the
bench like jr would just turn around and tell him to f off i was you know like i have my stick just
like this like what's gonna going to happen, you know?
And you know, nothing happened. And I think he kind of like,
Hitch was kind of,
I feel like he kind of liked the fact that the guys were in it together.
Like if everyone all hated them, then he's fine with that.
As long as the whole team, like whole team is in unison with it, you know,
everyone's together, then that's fine. Hate the coach. That's fine.
And you know, he pressed buttons and i didn't think he liked me obviously earlier on in my career i mean i think i was you know i listen i was a little arrogant i think in my younger age and
i think a lot of players maybe in that you know in the philly room would probably say it too but
um you know i wasn't disrespectful of any court i was was just kind of just, I didn't even know what, I didn't know any better. Right.
So I'd be sitting in the room.
It's what got you there.
I'd be sitting in the room with my feet up or something.
And they'd be like, can I get you anything really? I'm like, no, no,
I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. Thanks. And they'd be like, all right,
see you later. You know, and just roll their eyes at me. I was, I was just,
I didn't know. Right. And now I know. And I certainly learned,
learned quickly there.
So they end up trading you, Carolina. Was your attitude a reason you got traded like this behavior or was it other stuff?
No, I don't think so. I mean, I think, you know, I was in I think my fourth my fourth year there, four and a half years there.
And it was at the trade deadline. And i think they just needed a defenseman and
they got you know danny markoff for a playoff run and they're like that was the way it was back then
it was a little bit different right i mean you know guys were traded at the deadline they didn't
really think about the future right they didn't really do that back then they said we need to win
now we need to do this and you know they you, traded me. And usually when you get traded, it's a wake up call saying, oh, careful.
One team gave up on you. It's you know, it's time to it's time to really buckle down here and earn your keeper.
You're going to be out of the league. So, you know, that first trade, I think for a lot of guys, a wake up call.
And fortunately for me, going to a team that really wanted me and really put me in a great situation to succeed was obviously what I needed.
Yeah, obviously a 2006 Cup run.
I'd say to Whit, I've said on the show before,
I think it's maybe the most underrated Cup final of the expansion era.
I think because it came off the lockout, it had Edmonton in Carolina.
It wasn't New York, LA.
It wasn't as flashy.
But I wanted to go to Game 7. You guys had a 3-1 series lead. Edmonton comes Carolina. It wasn't New York, L.A. It wasn't as flashy. But I wanted to go to Game 7.
You guys had a 3-1 series lead.
Edmonton comes back, forces a Game 7.
You know, a very veteran-heavy team.
Who says what before that Game 7, and what do they say?
So it was interesting because, you know, usually before the game,
you know, the coach comes in, you know, not before the game.
Sorry, pregame skate or no, sorry.
This is before the game.
Sorry, my mind's a long time ago.
So before the game, the coach usually comes in like an hour and a half.
Three cups ago.
So he comes in like an hour and a half before and they, you know, they get you going to get you riled a little bit give you a couple tidbits and what to go what to do and and that's that and you know
Roddy had put up his meeting five minutes before um coach's meeting so coach saw that and then just
scraped off his meeting being like you don't have to hear from me anymore if Roddy's gonna say
something that's that's gonna be it so you know Roddy just stepped up and said boys we've been
waiting our whole lives for this.
And, you know, obviously said some other things, but he didn't talk much when when when he was a player.
So him doing that and just kind of, you know, putting things into perspective for us that that that here it is.
You know, you waited your whole life for this. And we had so many guys who are older who never won on that team.
so many guys who are older who never won on that team if you look back and just see it and i think you can tell by the emotion on the ice after that game that what that game meant obviously to me but
but even more so the older guys who were mid-30s and had never won and it was it was pretty emotional
and you could tell by roddy's emotion after he lifted the cup one of them being ray whitney on
that team and uh fuck he told me the story about when he had all the casseroles was,
or the,
was that,
was that it?
The casseroles before the game.
And then it was during the Anthem.
And then sure enough,
he thought it was a fart right before,
right before puck drop with this guy ends up shitting his pants.
No,
it was,
I think it might've been a playoff game,
but he ends up shitting his pants and he had to line up and take that
first shift.
Cause you can't change your, your name's already on the score sheet,
but you were on the team at that time. Were you not?
I was, I mean, that guy's, he just added character in any team he was on.
Right. I mean, he was, he was so funny, that guy,
but I do remember that story, you know, him and he says it, you know,
sometimes you can like listen to stories, but this guy was a storyteller,
right? You could just,
he told it and you would just start laughing halfway through and not stop i've been on golf trips with him i was gonna just totally agree with that like he's an amazing storyteller he
drags you in you end up just in the way he tells that he changes his voices and shit he's awesome
but that series i know obviously there's a speech before game seven brindamore talks
but it was kind of crazy.
I mean, you guys could close out.
You could win the cup at home.
You lose.
You go back to Edmonton.
You kind of get spanked.
That flight home, was it quiet?
Was it awkward?
I remember Andre Waugh in Tampa told me the same thing.
They're flying home back to Tampa when they lost to Calgary,
and I think he pulled a prank just to try to loosen the boys up.
I didn't know if it was different for you.
It was pretty quiet.
I think it was pretty quiet in the fact that we got absolutely shit kicked.
Yeah.
I mean, it was for nothing and we didn't stand a chance.
I mean, I felt like they had like seven players on the ice that game.
We're just getting run over.
And it was like, whoa, what just happened here is totally different
from the first six games.
So, you know, we had to regroup.
Obviously, it was a pretty quiet flight back.
I mean, it's always going to be quiet when you lose, but especially going back with an opportunity to win.
You know, you have your families all coming in, flying in for this.
You got all this hoopla.
And then, you know, you kind of get it shoved right in your face.
And it's tough to get back, but the boys did it.
Yeah, I wonder about Cam Ward, too.
I mean, you mentioned all the veterans on the team.
I mean, you said Wizard.
You got Doug Waite, Rod, Reckie, Wesley, all these old guys.
And you got a 21-year-old kid in net who's probably shitting his pants
a little bit in that flight home.
But I want to mention, you get the empty netter in Game 7.
I mean, you put a bow on that series.
Like, you could see the exuberation in your face,
but take us through that as it happened.
Yeah.
I mean, to this day with all the players that are on the bench,
I was like, what was I doing out there?
What is he putting me out there?
But Peter Labula, he put me out.
You know, it was the first unit PK.
It was out there on PPI.
I was given every opportunity to succeed there.
Really helped me with my confidence, you know,
being an everyday NHL and being an impact NHL player.
So I was on the ice there and Eric Stahl was out there and Rod
Brennan was out there.
You know, you don't really think about scoring an entire.
You don't want to get the puck out of your zone, right?
Just don't get in the zone.
Just get it out of here.
Fortunately for us, you know, broken play,
and then all of a sudden all I had was open ice ahead of me,
and I think Stahl gave me the puck,
and I just skated as fast as I could because I saw Pronger trying to catch me,
and that guy's got a long stick.
So I just did the best I could to get down there as close as I could to the net
and then put it in.
You know, you don't want to make a boob at that point in fairness I do want to say I think there's
many guys at least in the regular season that want to score when they get it on their stick
with the empty net everyone wants those cookies those easy ones but our boy Commodore's on that
team just comedy I've known him forever and I can't imagine playing with him how much fun that was
he made a huge difference for you guys yeah i mean i still use some of his lingo even just
talking to guys you know just deep this thing when anything doesn't go right he's just like
take a pound right he's like oh whip you miss that putt take a pound you know it's just
he is a hell of a character and you know a I talk to a lot, but it's  sorry, a guy I don't talk to very much,
but we keep in touch.
There's certain guys who just always have that special place.
You just want to keep talking to them and keep the communication lines open.
Got to get on the course with him again.
Has that whole team ever been together again?
Probably not, right?
the course of him again has that a whole team ever been together again or probably not right uh they had a 10-year anniversary um of them winning the cup obviously
four years ago my math is right right cornelli is that right cornelli doesn't correct fucking
you dropped out of high school did you do this podcast so all the guys were back there but there were
only a few of us still playing i think myself cam ward and i think andrew ladd are the only ones
still playing um so everyone else got together and had a hell of a party but uh the rest of us
were still playing i was gonna ask a debbie downer question about that you guys had created that
culture there all of a sudden you know the building was packed and then it dwindled off and i mean to the point where i mean there was there was you know talks of potentially a team
moving and and it you know got to pretty much the basement were you following after that were
you disappointed to see it it kind of dwindled to what it did yeah i mean carolina's kind of
always had like a little ever since then, and ever since then given me an opportunity.
They always got like a special little place, right?
So you always look, you know, to see.
It's like having like an ex-girlfriend.
You're like, how's she doing?
Not too good though, right?
She's not dating anyone better looking than me, is she?
You know?
Ding, ding, ding.
You keep tabs on her.
I would.
But I don't know.
It was too bad, you know, for a long time there.
But I think we're on the right track now.
Is that the only time in NHL history?
Am I wrong here that Maurice got fired for LaViolette
and then LaViolette got fired for Maurice?
Is that what happened there?
I believe that's correct, yes.
That's probably never happened again, R.A.
You may know that one, like where a coach that was fired by one guy
then is hired when the other guy is fired.
The only guy I can think of is Billy Martin in baseball.
That might have happened too, but not so much in hockey.
But you didn't have Maurice until the way out, right?
You had Laviolette from the get-go, right?
Yeah, I had Lavi from the get-go, and then he got fired,
and then Maurice came in.
It was like a  honestly, it was so weird.
It was like a revolving door.
It's like Laviolette said bye, and then like three seconds later,
they pass each other, and out comes the new coach.
He says, hey, guys, I'm your new coach. it was kind of awkward um but i mean that's the nhl
you know it's kind of weird did you know that was coming that trade when you went when you went over
to la you figured you were probably getting moved i didn't know because usually yeah usually injured
players don't get don't get, I know. That's true.
I had a broken wrist at the time.
I had a really tough stretch of injuries, like really tough,
that were just kind of weighing on me. And, you know, I was actually watching Trade Center.
It's kind of like when Trade Center just started.
And then all of a sudden, a couple years later,
like all the insiders know the trades before the players know, right? I's the way it is now and i was watching tv and they're like all
right we have a trade um it looks like justin williams is going somewhere the three-way trade
with edmonton and la we'll fill you in when we get back from commercial break i was like oh no
you're like fucking edmonton oh my You're like, wait a minute. No.
No.
So they came back, and that's how I found out.
They said, all right, three-way trade.
I'm going to L.A.
Patrick O'Sullivan's going.
I think Edmonton.
Eric Cole's coming back to Carolina, and that was that.
Take a pound.
You talk about your injuries and stretch of bad luck.
I mean, you played so many games and have battled like two torn ACLs.
I mean, a broken hand.
I've just read a bunch of different things.
And then the only reason I really bring this up is because one injury, unfortunately, it happened to you.
But it kind of changed the way hockey testing has their preseason workouts.
You tore your what was it? it kind of changed the way hockey testing has their preseason workouts.
You tore your, what was it, your Achilles in a testing exercise? And ever since then, I think teams have certainly gone a little less crazy on testing guys.
Yeah, I mean, you're right.
I mean, the day before camp, you know how veterans can usually do some of their testing
before the regular people come in um so i'm we were doing we're doing our training camp numbers yeah so we were doing
our testing and it was the beep test you know they do in basketball it's like kind of suicides
like in basketball um so you go to one end and you hear a beep and then you go to the other end
and you hear a beep and the moment you can't keep up with a beep anymore you gotta bow out and you know
the rest of the guys are running so i don't know why i was still running but there was only two
guys left myself and ray whitney and we're we're running it's like level 13 i'm like what am i
doing but i don't want to stop and i, turned, and it was just a pop.
And I didn't really know what it was.
You know, I thought it was an air bubble in my shoe.
I think a lot of guys I've talked to have said kind of the same thing.
Like, they didn't quite know.
And then I just couldn't walk.
And a couple days later, you know, having the surgery.
So it was tough.
That's what you get trying to keep up with Ray.
I know.
Those guys, those short little stubby legs, I can't believe he was still running.
But then you get to L.A.
I mean, I'm sure you got over the trade pretty quick once you get settled in,
though, right?
Yeah.
I mean, it was different.
I mean, wow.
Going there and then going to Manhattan Beach.
And I remember when I got traded, I had to call my wife because she was teaching.
And I said, Han, we got traded to LA.
And, you know, we'd just been there a few years, bought a new house, you know, that whole thing, right?
And I was like, don't worry.
I'm going to find us a great house and it's going to be awesome.
So I went down there. And I'm sure you guys have been down there because I'm sure you've been down to Manhattan Beach and you go look.
And I'm like, I've never heard of it. I'm going to I'm going to go find a cool house.
So I'm walking the strand there and I had no idea.
I'm walking the strand and I'm picking out little pamphlets they have for like open houses and stuff like that.
I'm like, oh, this this is nice so they don't
have the prices on there and then i realized why they don't have the prices on there because i
called and asked about this house and they're like oh yeah it's 8.5 million i was like all right hon
we might not be living on the beach shit i got us this unreal one bedroom in el segundo though
you're gonna love it you're gonna absolutely love it. You're going to absolutely love it.
I'm going to take a town car in every day to the rink,
and we're going to love here, and we're going to be nice.
Oh, my goodness.
Colby was living in, like, Beverly Hills, I think.
Unreal.
So, that, I mean, the first few years in L.A.,
I mean, it's certainly not like the team that ended up, like,
you know, winning a Stanley Cup you got to be experienced those two years prior the build-up and like these studs coming in when
Kopitar and Doughty just came in and just dominated right away like how did it feel kind of getting to
that team becoming a guy who's everyone everyone's looking up to you're a Stanley Cup champ you're
getting older I mean what was it like there at least at the beginning yeah it was it was awkward it was it was an awkward team it was
just a really awkward makeup of of guys and that was they were rebuilding and um you know dean
lombardi was like his first or second year there so he's you know slowly trying to build what his
vision was and i think as a gm right it doesn't it doesn't happen quickly right you have a vision
that's it's like a couple years out you know you need some work to get to there and you know
eventually he got his team and he got his guys there that that that he trusted and and you know
guys that he you know wanted to roll with and um you know we slowly just creeped up you know lost
in the first round you know lost in the second, and then just kind of just got better and better every year.
When Daryl came in, is that what you guys needed?
I know Terry Murray was a coach before that, I believe.
And, I mean, you probably have a million Sutter stories, I would imagine.
And he was just kind of a hard ass, and I know that you guys at some point
locked him out of a room or a team meeting anyway.
So let's get into that a little bit.
Yeah, I mean, I think everyone who's played with and probably for Daryl has some stories.
I think maybe every Sutter brother.
I don't know all of them.
But, I mean, Daryl was in your face, but he was kind of like a little condescending in the fact that he's like,
well, you know, you don't want to play tonight?
Is that what's going on?
Oh, you don't want to play? All right, that's fine. you don't want to play all right that's fine and you know it's like no i do want to play like put me out there you know and he's like nah forget about it you
know so i remember this one time when he was in man we were in we're in minnesota we're in minnesota
and we're playing a game in whatever febru or something, or maybe March. And, you know, kind of getting close to playoff time.
And after the first period we came in, I think we were tied or maybe even winning.
And I heard him come in and he was like mumbling behind me.
And I was like, oh boy, something's going on here.
So if you know the Minnesota room, the coach's office is right next to the dressing room.
And you can't see them, but, you know, they're right there.
They can hear everything we're saying, right?
So everything's all quiet.
You know, we didn't have a great period.
You know, we weren't terrible.
We weren't great.
And all of a sudden, you know, one of those aluminum folding chairs,
one of them comes flying right out of the room and hammers the bathroom stall.
And we're like, whoa, what the hell was that?
And all of a sudden the coaches start flying out of there,
all the assistant coaches and everybody,
they start running out of there and another chair comes flying out.
And he's just losing his mind.
And the coaches don't know where to go, right?
Because they're like, where do we go?
So they were just hanging in the dressing room with us while he was losing his marbles and uh you know we're looking at and
we can't see him right so we're kind of giggling like this like what's he doing in there and uh
you know eventually it calmed down he he left the room and then he came back and he kept everybody
on their toes i tell you it was it didn't matter if you were an assistant coach,
a player, a scout.
I mean, this guy was, when it was game day, it is game day.
And, you know, I remember with Billy Ranford,
he'd come in for his team meetings
and Billy would have his hands in his pocket.
And Sutter would just, he goes,
Billy, what the hell are your hands in your pockets
doing get ready it's game day and Billy would be like I don't know what to do with my hands now
right I mean what movie is that all right I'm sure you know uh Ricky Bobby uh Talladega Nights
yeah yeah so he every time in the meeting that he'd have his hands like kind of like
here or wherever just not in his pocket so So he was punched in fists, ready to fucking go.
He was an awesome coach.
Exactly what we needed.
We want to ask about 19 year old Drew Dowdy.
What was he like in the room?
We heard some stories about him.
Yeah.
I mean, he was, yeah.
Has he been on the podcast?
We haven't had one yet.
I think I've texted him a few times.
No answer back.
Richie told us, though, that he slept through the gold medal game in Vancouver.
So we knew he was an animal.
Yeah, he'd be an absolute treat to have on because he says whatever, right?
And that's just Dewey.
That's kind of like baseball.
Manny being Manny, it's just like Dewey being Dewey, right?
It's just kind of what he is.
And I remember a story, like we went to a golf tournament once,
and he was, you know that golfer Kevin Na?
Yeah, walks in every putt.
Yeah, so they had, you know, the board there, and they'd be walking around, and he'd look, and he goes,
why is that guy's name not available and we're like
dewey that's his last name and it was his name
fucking right but can he play hockey though i tell you that oh and that guy wheel around an arena
now that first cup in 20 well second for you but first in la jonathan quick absolutely incredible
that that performance he put on that year was that the best goalie performance you've ever seen
either as a teammate or even an opponent best performance i've ever ever seen i mean like when
they i mean they didn't even have to announce the consummate winner it was just like just just give
it to just give it to him like there was nobody else he could have gone to he was so good um and he was so dialed not one game that you're you know
a little bit suspect of him like oh he doesn't have it tonight he was just on and the things
that he could do he has his own style right and it's just what he does is competitiveness and um he was a he was a great
friend and and what an unbelievable run he's had and i still think he has more left in the tank but
i mean what a year what a what a playoff he had there that that was one of the most dominating
run through the stanley cup playoffs i mean you guys lost what four games one two two two before
the finals and then two in the
finals and they went on three benders while doing it of course they did los angeles kings running
through the whole league yeah every series we were up three nothing and every single series
so it was the only kind of pressure we had well well, listen, playoffs, we had pressure. We had pressure every game. But, like, the only, like, time it was like, uh-oh, uh-oh, let's go here,
was when we were up 3-0 in the finals and New Jersey won the next two games.
But it's New Jersey.
And we were like, boys, let's buckle up here and finish this off.
So it was an interesting run, totally different from the 2014.
Well, I was just going to ask you about that one.
You guys go down 3-0 in the first round of the Sharks.
Like, are guys booking flights to Kabul?
Like, let's be honest here.
I don't know.
I certainly wasn't.
But, I mean, it was interesting.
I can't say anything more than that they had
knocked us out of the playoffs I think the year before that maybe even the year before that as
well I'm not I can't remember but they kind of had our number a little bit um and uh we just I
don't know it was just we won one game at a time I know it's such a cliche thing but we won one game
and then after you win one game you're're like, let's win another one.
And then the pressure's back on them, right?
And I felt after we won the fifth game, we were down 3-2.
We won the fifth game back in San Jose, like 4-0 or something.
And then it was like we kind of felt the thoughts that they had.
And we kind of felt that this was possible. And it it was like we kind of felt the thoughts that they had. And we kind of felt that this was possible.
And it certainly was.
And it kind of springboarded us to some serious wins.
Yeah, you guys outscored 18-5 in that comeback.
I mean, it wasn't like any of those games were particularly close.
Now, obviously, 2014, that's when you won the car and smite the wood.
I mean, obviously, you were a worthy recipient, but were you a little bit surprised
you won because usually the guy at the most points gets it,
or the guy at the most goals.
I mean, you did lead the league in assists that playoffs,
but were you surprised they didn't call one of your teammates?
I was actually very shocked.
I mean, listen, Justin Williams is not a sexy name.
That's a nice thing to have under your name, though, call him. It's not a sexy name. That's a nice thing to have under your name though.
It's not a sexy name.
It's not a Jonathan Quick.
It's not a Jeff Carter, Marion Gabbert,
Anje Kopitar, Drew Dowdy.
Those guys are in another league.
I'm just Justin Williams.
It's not a sexy name.
So yeah, was I shocked?
Yeah, absolutely.
I was shocked.
And I think that's kind of what kind of hit me at the time.
If you see like the camera, I was like, my eyes are welling up like, oh, my God, for real.
And, you know, just the response you got from your teammates and them coming over to give you a hug and congratulate.
It was just the emotions that playoff run were the most up and down I'd ever felt.
And what an ending to it.
Well, you made the name sexy now, I'd ever felt. And, and, and what an ending to it. Well,
you made the name sexy.
Now I'd say no.
All right.
Thanks.
It's sexy.
I guess moving right along.
I didn't even get the fucking joke.
I'm still trying to register it.
My brain wasn't even a joke.
He was just like,
you know,
by now his name is fucking pretty sexy in the world of hockey i'm
assuming that's what the joke was i got it i got it it changed to mr game seven though
you don't like that i heard i avoided that did that start with the empty netter is that where
it all began was that the kind of luck you needed to get the ball rolling i don't i don't think it
was that run that it was 2014 it was that run we just won a bunch of game sevens we won
three of them that year and
you know fortunately I did well on those games and that's
that's when it kind of started and
you know that name kind of came
I don't know who came up with it does it make you cringe
well I
don't know about you guys but I just I don't I don't
like talking about myself I don't like
I don't like seeing myself on TV
I don't like hearing interviews with my I just I don't like talking about myself. I don't like seeing myself on TV. I don't like hearing interviews.
I don't like seeing myself.
I don't know.
I just don't like it.
It makes me uncomfortable.
All right, let's talk about the side of it.
So every game seven that you went into,
did you try to do it like the last one as far as superstitions concerned?
Or were you just like, no, going into it,
playing with the house's money at this point,
and then it just kept coming?
Yeah. going into it playing with the house's money at this point and then it just they kept coming uh yeah i mean i you know you just got to get into like a mode right just to just uh you know just somewhere in your brain where you feel comfortable on the fact that
you know you won't be denied and i want to be the guy and you keep telling yourself i want to be the
guy i want to be the guy not oh man I don't want to make a mistake here.
I don't want to turn this  I don't want to throw a pizza in the middle.
Like, not that.
You can't get those feelings in your head.
You just got to be, no, I'm going to be a difference maker.
I'm going to do this.
I'm not waiting for anybody else.
And that's kind of the attitude I had.
And, you know, I think that kind of helped me.
Then you scored the huge goal game one.
I mean, I know you guys won the series four to one,
but did it almost feel like not that you won the series then,
but that seemed like such a close matchup that whoever won game one
could have easily won that series because the Rangers threw some punches that series.
Yeah, they were a great team and it was done in five games.
But, you know, sometimes It didn't feel like it.
I don't know if that makes sense.
The guards were all closed.
It doesn't tell the whole story, absolutely.
I think you can look at sometimes maybe when teams get swept,
you're like, they got swept?
What happened there?
Sometimes it doesn't happen, and we won three games in overtime.
So game one, game two, and game five.
So we won all those games in overtime.
So obviously they could have gone either way.
But, I mean, it was, yeah, I mean, the whole Cinderella thing was, you know,
just capped off with that series win.
So after L.A., you go to Washington for two years.
What was the key factor in you deciding to go there?
They had the best shot at a cup?
Money? What were the factors that went into
that?
I wanted to stay in LA.
I really did.
I think sometimes
players
and agents and
general managers, sometimes
the communication just isn't there. Right. You know,
and it's good sometimes to, to, I guess, just say, Hey,
my agent's dealing with that, you know, I'll be okay.
And sometimes you got to step in and be like, no, no, no, I want to stay here.
Let's, let's make this work. And, you know,
at some point we just, we just moved on from la and
i was like all right let me try and let me try and find the best fit and washington was one of
the teams that was like really into it early um you know they weren't offering the most amount
of money but at that point you're just like i want to i want to keep winning yeah i can't go
back to a crappy team. That's not fun.
And, you know, Washington just came,
and the ability to play with, you know, a Kuznetsov or a Backstrom,
you're like, okay, sign me up.
I mean, I don't have to do much.
Just put my stick on the ice.
So that's how I kind of got there.
When you get to Washington, you must have started  you see right away how special a group of guys that is
and how much talent there is and why they're winning president's trophies,
but then the success isn't there in the playoffs.
You now have three Stanley Cups.
You know exactly what it takes to win at the highest level.
Were you able to see things right away that that team had that
they really probably weren't going to be able to get it done if if that stuff didn't change
um i i think so i i think sometimes it takes you it takes guys different at different points in
their careers they realize what they have to do to win um some of them come in and just think it's
going to be easy and some of them get you know come in and just think it's going to be easy.
And some of them get, you know, come in and get a Stanley cup their first couple of years and don't ever get
back. But, you know, some guys like the guys in Washington, like, like,
like Ovi, like, I mean, this guy is, is not even close.
Like the best goal scorer I've ever seen in my life, but he, he, he just,
he turned to another level and he was an all around player when they won that Stanley Cup.
He did. He did everything like he was blocking shots.
He was back check like he did everything that a leader should do.
And obviously scoring goals. He does that, too. But I think he just took it to another level.
There are obviously a lot of guys in that team did. But when he's when he did that you know i was i was really proud
of them unfortunately i lost them by by a year um yeah i'd already moved to carolina and i was
obviously i'm jealous but i was just super super proud of them and um it was pretty much the only
time i was openly rooting for for another team to win this stanley cup i usually just turn it off
and be like oh why do they have to give it out this year you know yeah yeah oh my god well I was
gonna say watching yeah go ahead biz was it a case of like at the time that you play with him he
necessarily wasn't willing to do all those other things I don't know if that's exactly what it is
but there were instances where you were like well maybe he
maybe he didn't give it all he had a little flamingo and that the guys in the boss are like
did you see ovi did i not his best but i mean when when you're that good and and have the
abilities that that he does and being such a great guy too, such a fun guy to be around. Just to see him
get it.
He just got it.
Them winning was
obviously a memory he's never going to forget.
You probably pissed
off all those parties they were having all over
D.C., all over the internet.
That was one of the first or second teams
where that became a thing, a sort of
virtual celebration with the fans.
But I want to ask Barry Trotz, he was your coach there for two years.
What was it like having him for your coach?
Yeah, he was great.
I mean, Barry and I still have a really good relationship.
We're in the bubble there in Toronto.
They're running into each other almost all the time.
He's just a great guy.
There's no other way around it.
Obviously, he expects a lot, and he should, and he demands a lot,
but he just has a different way of doing it.
He's got a great coaching staff that surrounds him.
I'm just not shocked by how successful his teams are
and how good they are.
He's able to get a lot out of the guys.
And I think most importantly, from him to his family,
they're all just great, great people.
I was another guy I was just super happy for.
A guy I'd been in the league a long time,
coached a lot of games, and for him to get that,
I mean, that's all they wanted there. i first got traded there i mean that's all they
talked about and you know for them to get it that's i don't know it's just it's it's it's so
rewarding um you when you go back to carolina and i'm hopping over here the storm surge you're an
old school guy you come in the league you're in the room with rick pocket and all of a sudden like they want you to do some fucking celebration on the ice after wins were you down
with that right away whose idea was it it was the owner wasn't it yeah so it was
they had talked the breath the breath before the explanation you don't even need to answer the question though no no they were they we were talking over the summer about you know carolina and we needed to
do something right to get ourselves like talked about like carolina you're always going to be
the little brother i get it like it's carolina like nobody's talking about carolina um so for
us to become relevant and bring these fans back who hadn't had playoff hockey
in like nine years, I mean, it was getting kind of dull and, you know, I, yes, I am an
old school guy.
Um, but they were like, let's try something else.
Let's do a little something after the game.
Um, and that was kind of it.
They were like, you got it.
I was like, all right, let's, let's come up with something.
And we did something the first day we ran into the boards and then, all right, let's, let's come up with something. And we did something the
first day we ran into the boards and then, you know, we did it again. Then we kind of got bored
with that. I was like, I don't want to run against the board. So we, we said, all right, let's do
something else. And we just kept coming up with new ideas and we kind of got into it. We're like,
all right, this is actually kind of fun now. And, um, we just kind of rolled with it. We didn't
want to do the same thing over and over cause we kind of got bored with it but um no it was just something that that kind of grew and grew
and grew and i'm sure it's something like your podcast right you just don't know how it's gonna
how it's gonna end you just kind of do it and then you're like wow people seem to really enjoy it or
people seem to really hate it but either way we're doing what we do. And then this mutant biz shows up out of nowhere. Yeah.
Right?
And then Evander Holyfield KOs Jordan Martin up.
You're like, what the heck just happened?
Hey, what ones were your ideas?
We had, like, eventually after the first little while, like, we had, like, a crew.
We'd sit there and, like, eat lunch, like, pregame meal together.
Be like, all right, what do we got going on tonight and we just come up with ideas and then we'd have you know fans you know
start to come in and on twitter and give us ideas but i don't know we just we just we just came up
with them well you know hey it's uh march madness night let's bring out a basketball hoop or you
know hey it's uh um you know it's super bowl night let's throw the football around you know, hey, it's Super Bowl night. Let's throw the football around, you know.
And to be able to have the freedom to do whatever the heck we wanted,
it's kind of cool.
And it made the fans love it.
Who was the first person in the media to shit on you guys?
Like Dawn Cherry?
I don't know. I think anyone, any old school guy.
I think I might have.
Yeah, I mean, whatever, right?
I mean, the thing is, we don't hear much media in Carolina.
So people are like, oh, we didn't hear about it.
So, you know, we just, we go to the rink, we leave, and that's it.
We have three media members in the room, and they don't ask us about it.
And we're just like, okay, that's it.
See you later.
This is great.
Carolina was also the first time you wore the C, correct, on your jersey?
Captain.
Did that change anything with you, Willie?
Or did you just keep doing what you're doing?
You're already an established veteran at that point.
Yeah, it was a weird situation the year before.
I don't know if they've ever had co-captains before.
I can't remember.
You guys ever remember having their co-captains before?
Yeah, I do.
Oh, you do? I remember that. Do you remember another You guys ever remember having their co-captains before? Yeah, I do. Oh, you do?
I remember that.
Do you remember another team that ever had it?
Not just us.
Co-captains.
Fuck, there was another team that I can't think of.
Minnesota did alternating captains for years.
Minnesota.
Somebody else I'm not thinking of did it.
Yeah.
So it was kind of weird.
They gave Justin Falk and Jordan Stahl.
They're like, you're going to be the home captain.
You're going to be the away captain.
They gave Justin Falk and Jordan Stahl.
They're like, all right, you're going to be the home captain.
You're going to be the away captain.
And it was kind of like an endorsement of nobody, right?
It was just like, all right, we don't really think you're the guy,
but we're not really sure you're the guy,
but let's just give it to both of you.
And it was just an awkward thing.
I mean, those guys are both great leaders,
and either one of them would have been a great pick but just just to pick nobody instead of somebody it was just it was just it was weird so um the next year um you know Roddy came in and he gave me the captaincy and it was a
little you know you had to talk set in stone Justin and Jordan and be like like you know we do this
together you know this we do this together.
You know, this isn't anything to do with anything else. And I mean, Jordan now is, is, is become such a great leader on that team.
It's, it's, it's, it's unbelievable. And he wears that C awesome.
And I'm proud of the way he's, he's certainly this year, the way he's done it.
Did they get A's when you took the C from them?
Yes.
There you go.
So you're not getting dropped completely off the legit line.
You're getting a letter on your sweater.
In retirement, there's so many things you can do.
We chatted earlier about, like, what do you want to do?
But I know one thing.
You're a golf nut.
And then people at home, how do you know this guy's a golf nut?
Well, I heard he played golf golf i heard he loves golf well he's actually doing this
interview with his what looks like first class track man simulator in his basement with the
18th hole pebble bay pebble beach lit up so give us uh your insight into your golf game how much
you like to play will that be a big part of retirement you're looking to continue to get better are you more just a golf when you can fuck around guy
no i mean i think any guy who has like a simulator like this in the room they got a problem right and
i have a problem like i've got a tripod set up that i'm doing on this video that i take and i
look at my swing and i dissect it i mean i'm just i got a problem
i don't know what it is all down the youtube rabbit hole just trying to change shit it's
fucking 4 a.m in the morning come to bed fuck off i'm working on the backswing
yeah i mean i just i'm like i put other players next to me and be like why can't i look like that
and it's just you gotta swing your swing but uh i love golf and I'm going to be doing it for a long time.
It's the best.
It's so, I mean, maybe I didn't come off as a competitive person
when I played hockey, but I am super competitive.
And so golf, it's like keeps me, it gives me ability with my shit body,
with my horrible ankles and feet to still be competitive
at like one thing in life.
So I just love it.
I said to these guys before you came on,
when you were figuring out your audio,
look at this simulator.
This thing's filthy.
And Grinnelli's like, you got to get one of those, Whit.
I said, I really don't, though.
Because like you said, I have a problem.
I have a legit problem.
I have a disease.
It's called being obsessed with a game of golf. And if I have a legit problem. I have a disease. It's called being obsessed with a game of golf.
And if I have a setup at home where I can have this world-class simulator,
I would just not sleep.
I would be in it.
For me, I think it would be too much.
It would push me over the edge.
I'd OD.
I don't know.
There's numbers up here on the screen.
I've had to find out what every single one of these numbers mean
and what's expected of these numbers.
I just  I don't know.
I don't know.
At some point, maybe I'll get sick of it, but I don't know.
I always just want to get better.
Is that like the  you mentioned the name of the company where?
Like is that the top of the line one?
TrackMan's the best, I think.
I think they're like 25K-ish right around there.
But then you've got to set up like the screen he's got. I mean, they're pretty 25 K ish right around there. But then you got to set up like the screen he's got.
I mean,
it's pretty big.
They're pretty big money.
I mean,
all the pro golfers have them.
They,
they bring them out to the range when they practice and they see their
numbers and they see what they want their numbers to be.
And like,
it's very turned into a very,
I guess,
analytical thing.
But with golf,
it's like,
if you can get the same results from figuring out the numbers and the
impact and the swing plane, you could really use it to benefit yourself.
I don't know if you agree with that description of track, man.
I don't know if we're just the only ones who are like feeding off of each other right now in this conversation.
We are.
All of a sudden, we started looking in each other's eyes.
There's like a connection.
The entire time you were talking, I was wondering how the fuck do you putt?
Is there like a little green off the side of the mat?
Putting does not  there's nothing for track man for putting, I don't think.
But putting is like a different galaxy, not even a different planet.
That's its own galaxy where the toys they have for a metronome,
like for your putting speed and pace,
and it should have a beep on the backswing and the four swing.
And dude, yeah, it's fucking game of science.
I want to say Tiger got like this new top of the line one
where you can actually put any green of these top courses they play
where the whole, it'll shift.
Am I right here? No, I would
believe it. I would believe it. I haven't heard that.
I saw it on his Instagram.
It's crazy what they're doing for the world of golf.
I think that's right, Chris.
I want to go back to D.C. for a minute.
That picture day you guys
had, you come out with this basically
Afro hair all over the place. Did that
rub anybody the wrong way or
ruffle any feathers?
I don't know. That was just kind of my, my, my start of like,
I don't care what anybody else thinks. Like I'm going to have fun with this.
I mean, I hate, you see these pictures that are put up on the wall, every,
every like dressing room and they all look the same and you just can't like,
who cares? You know, it's a picture.
Everybody wants one picture at the end, and it's a Stanley Cup picture.
That's the only one anyone cares about.
I've never seen anybody put up a picture of a team picture. Of a team, I know.
I don't know.
So I was like, you know, I'm going to just poof my hair up.
And I just put it right up there, and it stays frizzy.
And I don't know.
I just went out there, and guys started laughing. And management didn't know. I just went out there and guys started laughing.
And management didn't seem to have a problem with it.
So I was like, all right, I'm going to roll with it.
Yeah, it's liberating when you get to that point
where you realize you don't have to give a shit what other people think.
I mentioned the crossword puzzles earlier.
I was dead serious.
Like late in your career when you're doing them in the locker room,
did any of the younger kids actually come up and ask,
what are you doing?
Like having no clue because they're not as common as they used to be yeah i mean we have uh there's
there's some people just gravitate over to it slowly and be like oh what are you doing there
and then the next day they're kind of uh let me try and get one and then they just kind of just
slowly inch their way in and then eventually they get too good they're like hey i'm like hey get
your own crossword now okay but? But I just, I loved
doing them when I was younger.
You know, Eric Cole is one who used
to do them all the time with me, and Matt
Cullen did them a lot, and I kind of just
got it off that, and I don't know, it keeps
the mind sharp. I did
one one time, because Scuderi did
them every morning, and
a bunch of other players did it. They had their coffee,
and they had to fold it up
usa today something to do you know this before the the online bullshit and i said i'm gonna do
one enough of this this shit and i grabbed a usa today one and i looked at it and i looked at it
for 10 minutes and i couldn't get one right not one not Today. Not even one. But it was Friday. I remember it was a it was a Friday in which I found out later is the hardest one where it goes Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
Friday is the hardest. So I just grabbed on Friday, got the pen, got my coffee filled with sugar and like whole milk for my pregame drink.
And then I tried doing it and I didn't get one word.
And I've never looked at a crossword puzzle since.
Let me ask you this Sudoku better.
Are you way better with the,
with the numbers?
No,
I'm not.
Are you a numbers guy?
I'm not good at them.
Yeah.
Well,
like what's the math guy.
I was,
I was asking him.
I invented that guy on this.
I don't know.
Me and Whit have been sharing the title lately.
Biz has been stealing some of mine.
Hey, do you listen to the pod frequently?
Yeah, I do.
Probably the last six, seven months or so.
Nice.
I've kind of gotten to, like, my son's really pumped on this.
He's upstairs right now
he's you can't believe that i'm doing the podcast with you guys go buy him a crate of pink whitney
please with all that fucking money you made yeah he's still looking forward to it but i gotta tell
him like you know this is like locker room talk a little bit and you know you have to have the
talk with him when he gets into the locker room too like you don't repeat any of this especially
to your mother you know what i mean like he's kind of at that age yeah yeah it's just guys we're just we're just messing around normal
you gotta talk like this right you gotta tell him uh you gotta tell him i'm gonna vid you're
gonna video one of his swings into the 18th hole of pebble beach behind you into the simulator and
say we'll send it into chicklets to get it on their Instagram. 800,000 followers.
We'll see how his swing is under pressure.
Hey, we should do a par three.
Let's see how close he can get it to the pin.
Can you go set that up right now?
Yeah, that'd be nice.
Let's go.
We're challenging you.
But the last thing I was going to ask you,
considering you listen to the podcast,
you must have heard one of your former teammates,
Todd Fedora, come on.
I know you guys had a great bond and I'm sure he is he is he is a treat yeah he is the guy I compare him to
is is like Chris Farley I mean he is the funniest guy he's got that chubby face and he's just like
he's the life of the party right and he did the best like Hitchcock impressed personations I've ever seen in
my life. The guys would like, the guys would like set the stage for him.
It'd be like, Fridgie, do it, do it. And he'd come in and do it.
And he was just so funny. Like he, like we,
I have so much respect for like what he's gone through and, and, you know,
the whole addiction thing. I just, I just just I love hearing stories of success like that.
Guys who have battled through those types of things and kind of just meet it head on and say, I'm going to deal with this.
And, you know, when I came like he was I'd never seen him when he was, you know, off the rails a little bit.
You know, when I came in, he was 21 years old and sober as heck but he still liked to go out and you know to the bars and he still wanted to come out all the time and I remember
this one time like he lived down the street from me and I was actually sitting on the couch with
a girl who's actually now my wife Kelly and he had texted me earlier he's like hey we're going
out tonight and I was like I'm not really feeling it.
You know, maybe tomorrow. And so the night went on and he texted me.
He's like, I'm coming over and I didn't respond. And then he's I'm sitting watching a movie and the doorbell rings. I'm like, oh, no. I'm like, no, don't answer. Don't answer. We're not answering the door.
So he brings it for a little bit. You kind of of hear him outside willie i know you're in there and so i still don't answer the door
and so a couple minutes goes by and i'm like all right he's gone and i go we're watching the movie
in my back door i can see it's a big like you know it's the door that opens up and you can see
through it and i see this big shadow come
right right next to where the tv is where i'm watching the movie and he's willy
open the door and i'm like oh my god so i opened the door and he ended up getting me out but i
i have so much time for that guy he's he was he was great with me and still one of my great friends
all right good stall let's hear. Let's see this shot now.
Let's see how close you can put it to the pin.
Who, me?
Me or my son?
Oh, I thought Witt was asking for you to hit it.
Witt, or do you want his kid?
Oh, no.
The only reason I thought his son was all nervous that he was on there,
and I was going to say, go grab him and fucking have him tee one up,
see how he does under pressure.
Okay, all right.
We could.
What are you doing?
Or you could just do it and send us the video, and we'll post it.
All right. All right. I'll do that.
What a horrible trouble.
Hey, this is an awesome interview.
I've really enjoyed chatting it up.
I don't think we've ever really actually met,
besides playing against each other.
Golf-wise, you've got a bunch of trips you've got planned.
I know COVID fucking kind of screws everything over, but where are you going to be playing at mostly? met besides playing against each other golf wise you got a bunch of trips you got planned i know
covid fucking kind of screws everything over but where are you going to be playing at mostly
yeah i'm here in uh in raleigh and i'm playing quite a bit right now where are you doing
i'm at this place called old chatham oh i heard that's sick it's nice it's it's it's beautiful
it's like you know it's an hour from Pinehurst,
and I can head down and play the Pinehurst courses.
But I don't really go straight too far from there.
I live on a golf course, too.
But I don't play here that often.
Old Chatham is just kind of where I go.
But I don't have any golf trips planned either.
I want to go to Bandon.
So do I.
You want to do it?
I'd love to.
We should do it. We should to do it we should get we should
get a group of eight together go to bandon dunes man it's such a hike for us though what that's
such a hike for the west east coasters i know it is it is but you just fly into la and then you get
a jet up to bandon what big swing are you playing golf with i'm not paying for that all right well we appreciate it so much uh unbelievable career you did it all and you
did it all with class and passion and it was pretty cool to watch so thanks for joining us
on the show and we really appreciate it we want a video of your son's big swing it's gonna get on
on the chicklets instagram what hole hole are you going to post here?
The par three on a pebble number.
Number what is it?
Six.
Yeah.
The one downhill there, like the hundred.
Yeah.
Yeah. Let's see.
Let's see how he does on that one.
All right.
All right, man.
Huge.
Thanks to Justin Williams for joining us.
He definitely raised the collective IQ of the show.
And he comes on.
He's a smart guy.
Been around the league a bunch,
and hopefully the next stop for him will be the Hall of Fame.
I think he'd be a great broadcaster, too, if he's so inclined.
But either way, Justin, enjoy retirement.
You certainly earned it.
Okay, moving right along.
Everybody, buying a home isn't as scary as you think it is.
Owning a home is awesome, comes with tons of perks,
and Cross Country Mortgage can help you through the process. Cross Country Mortgage is America's crazy good mortgage
company. Cross Country Mortgage combines a people-first mindset with a dedication to the
fundamentals of mortgage lending, which results in a fast, easy, and stress-free home financing
or refinancing experience. Rates are pretty much at all-time lows, and they may never get this low
again. Many listeners have already reached out to Cross Country to refinance,
so don't miss out on the opportunity.
I chatted with one of the guys at Cross Country the other day.
He was telling me he just saved the listener over 80,000 on their mortgage
over the next 10 years.
It's 80 grand, man, real money.
Cross Country can help tell you within five minutes if they can save you a
boatload of cash as well.
It's a great opportunity to take cash out for stuff you want or need,
maybe a little home improvement, pay off some debt.
Also, if you have a lease coming up soon, the next six to 12 months,
do not be intimidated by the home buying process.
It's not as complicated as you think,
and there are some amazing benefits available for first-time home buyers.
Don't let common misconceptions stand in the way of you buying a home.
Go to ccmlens.com slash NBD to learn more about your future home
buying experience or to refinance your current mortgage. That's ccmlens.com slash NBD to learn
more. Cross-country mortgage, LLC, NMLS, 3029, www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org, equal housing opportunity.
All right, gang.
Next up on the show is the host of Family Feud Canada, the very funny Jerry D.
I just want to let you know there were some cell phone issues when we did the interview,
so we did have to cut some of it.
I think we might have been missing a thing or two.
So without further ado, enjoy Jerry D.
Well, our next guest is a guy who has had Canada in stitches for the last two decades,
a teacher turned actor comedian. He's the creator, writer, and star of Mr. D,
which ran for eight seasons on CBC. He's performed at the world-renowned Just for Last
Festival in Montreal and appeared on Last Comic Standing here in the States a couple times.
You've also seen his sports Reporter segments on The Score.
He's currently the host of Canada's version of one of the most famous game shows ever, Family Feud.
It's an absolute pleasure to welcome to the show, Jerry D.
Oh, that was really nice. Thank you.
Oh, thank you for joining us.
R.A.'s the most professional at giving introductions.
He makes you sound like a true legend.
Yeah, I love it.
Thank you.
How are you liking the feud, man?
You just started that recently, right?
Yeah, it's a lot.
I was a little nervous, right?
It's like you said, it's been around for 40 years.
Steve Harvey's like a legend now on that show.
So I knew I'd get compared right away.
And, you know, that's part of it.
So I knew I'd get compared right away, and that's part of it.
But I found my footing, I guess, maybe three-quarters of the way through and started to get more comfortable.
But it's a lot of fun.
It's something I didn't ever see me doing,
so it kind of turned into something real nice.
Which version of the feud did you grow up watching?
There have been half a dozen of them.
Yeah, well, I started with Richard Dawson,
and then i went
to ray coombs and then i left it for a bit i remember louis anderson did it a couple times
i got a question about that game because we just recently took part in a barstool sports version of
the game it was with another podcast that some football guys have busting with the boys and
we didn't really get a chance because the other team boom boom boom if they get them all like you can even you can go to the show and not even really have
a chance to even give an answer yeah yeah you get that i get i get families if you're in that fifth
spot which is the weak spot like if you're told when your family's on you're in the fifth you're
like they're telling you you're not good and then you don't even meet that person
sometimes so this guy or girl just stands there the whole show and then the other team wins so
fast see you later buddy like that's it who are they interviewing for these questions who's
answering them do you know the answer to that yeah it's uh it's like a service that i don't
know how they do it in the states but in canada i guess it's a company or service that I don't know how they do it in the States, but in Canada, I guess it's a company or
service that they're legit surveys. Um, they go across the country and, um, those numbers,
those numbers you come up with. I mean, I look, I'm not, I'm not part of that. So, um, but yeah,
it's, it's all one thing I know is it's a real strict game. Like if I make one mistake or fumble
the question, they chuck it and we do it again
because it might not have been fair.
And there's a lot of rules.
So they're pretty strict about everything.
Corporate bullshit.
You can call it what it is.
Tell them to fuck off right now.
I'm Jerry D, bitch.
It's good to be by the rules, man.
Otherwise, everybody's all over the place.
So it's a strong format.
It's been around for a while, and they know what they're doing.
I just do as I'm told.
Did Terry Ryan one time open for you?
Yeah, so, well, he  like, Terry's a funny guy, as we know.
But what happened was I got a tweet, and someone said,
get Terry Ryan on the show. And I don't,
I don't even know who he is at the time. Right. So I'm like, is it,
is if that's how it works, right? You just tweet me. And I'm like, okay, sure.
Come on down the show. But then a guy, I knew a hockey player, um,
uh, texted me and he's like, you should get Terry Ryan on the show. So I'm like, who is he? I got the story. So I phoned up Terry.
The show was kind of done at that point.
And we started talking and I read his book and I had this idea to come open
for me because I was doing these like arenas in Canada for the first time.
And then I had to stop doing them because I couldn't,
I couldn't fill half of them.
So it was  but I did this.
It was like my biggest show ever.
I said, listen, do you want to open for me and tell those stories?
We were the Ostrot Generals play, and I'm like, it's a perfect fit, right?
You played in the NHL.
You got this story.
And he did a great job.
I mean, it's like it still was his first time. But, man, that's hard to do. Go up. It was 3,500 people.
And he told his story about, you know, like, you know, typical when you're a fourth liner.
And then you got tapped on the shoulder.
But his skates were undone because he was getting skate bite.
And he had to tie him up.
And then he fell.
And, you know, but he just told stories.
And people love those stories.
So, real hockey town. And then he did a couple more for me.
I went to St. John's and I went out with him after and his buddies from Newfoundland,
just a good guy, like a good, you know, out east guy. And we had a, yeah,
he did a great job. It was interesting though, but he had the balls to do it.
You know, Terry, like he'll do anything. Right. So I give him credit.
That's what we talked about recently on one of the podcasts
just even having the jam to go up there with no experience terry just gets on up he's a trooper
um yeah many ways canadians may know you i first saw you when you were doing with the
the interviews with the nhlers and you were just fucking with guys now like content and all this
internet stuff it wasn't around so if you weren't seeing it really on television, you know,
you didn't see it at all.
So did some guys you were fucking around with,
they not know the shtick and were they getting pissed off?
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, well, there's a couple of like,
so actually what happened was like my very first one was masked agent.
So, and I wasn't known, right?
So I went in, I'm dressed like a reporter. I got the mic wasn't known, right? So I went in.
I'm dressed like a reporter.
I got the mic from the score, which is a known sports station.
And I told them, hey, man, you know, Jerry D from the score.
And, you know, Paul, you're like, yeah, whatever.
Yeah, I'm happy to do this.
You stand by your stall.
And I said, look, I put the wrong lens, so we've got to stand kind of close,
but it's going to look normal on TV.
So by the 20 seconds of the interview, I'm cheek-to-cheek to him,
and he's not comfortable, right?
But I got the Nomad after this, and he's really uncomfortable.
And then I went across the room, and I can't remember this guy's name,
but he had a really long name, and I kept looking up at his stall
to see who he
was so i look up no it was a guy from chicago he has a brother that played long which new
no van reams dyke no it was which new ski it was a guy named which new ski or something
ironically enough i had a good guess ironically, we're actually interviewing him tonight after you. No fucking way.
No, you're not.
Swear to God. Which one, though?
James Wazniewski on the Chicago Blackhawks,
you're saying, right? Yeah, I think
it's his brother
that I had.
Oh, Andy. There was like an
Andy Wazniewski or whatever. We're just dropping
names right now. I interrupted your
story. I apologize.
You can go ahead. No, no, it's okay.
So I would know, but it was basically what I did.
I'd call these guys, and I would mess with them.
But the one thing that never worked that I had to bail,
because you have to commit to the character,
but once I got to the American players, once I got known in Canada
because it was on in Canada, but the American players never knew me.
So I went up to Chelios, and he was 46.
I'm like, why are you in the
minors at 46?
Chris Chelios. So I
went up to him. I said, hey, Chris, Jerry D.
from the score. He's like, what's up, man? I go, listen, man,
this has got to be exciting for you.
46 years old. You finally
called up. You finally get your chance.
You know, that's got to be...
He waited a long time, and he's like, what the fuck are you talking about? I'm like, well, it's just, you know, you finally get your chance. You know, that's got to be, he waited a long time, and he's like,
what the fuck are you talking about?
I'm like, well, it's just, you know, you're playing in Atlanta a couple days ago.
Here you are.
You know, he wasn't in Atlanta.
He was in Atlanta's farm team.
Here you are.
You're playing for Atlanta tonight.
And he's like, dude, are you serious, man?
So he never got it, so I just slowly bailed out of it
because I'm like, this guy, he's not getting the joke here.
He's going to end up drilling me.
Were you ever able to get somebody maybe outside the hockey world
or someone who was like an A-list celebrity?
Yeah, I did.
Like I got, oh gosh, I'm going to on a blank here on this actor,
but I got one of the Entourage guys, Kevin Costner.
Kevin Costner was  he was in a  it was a golf tournament,
and he was trying to chirp me a little bit.
No, yeah, from Tin Cup.
He was trying to chirp me a little bit.
And, I mean, I'm pretty good at that.
I do it on state  you know, it's my life, right?
So we had a
good uh i just kind of chirped him back and but he was good about it like it was fine uh yeah there's
been a i did like a couple hundred of those there was i remember i had uh uh damy uh matt uh damon
allen's brother marcus allen who's like you know hall of Fame football player. Oh, yeah.
David Allen is a Canadian football star,
and I would just pretend he was David Allen's brother.
Like, this is so cool.
I'm like, did you play sports too with your brother?
And he's like, what?
I'm like, did you play any sports growing up?
And Charles Barkley was the best one, I think, because, you know,
he didn't know me, but he was so good in the interview and we were
betting on things and then he wanted to bet on something else.
I'm like, you got a gambling problem, man,
which was kind of timely at the time.
He's like, it's not a problem if you have
the money to lose it.
But then he didn't.
No,
but he was probably
the most prominent one that I had was Barkley
that got the most attention.
But you're right, Paul, they weren't on the Internet.
You didn't really see them unless you watched it.
So, Jerry, you were a teacher before you became a comedian.
How do you make that transition?
How does that come about?
Yeah, it was a slow transition.
It was starting to just, you know, I was like,
I was kind of funny with my buddy,
kind of, but not thinking I'll be a stand-up.
And then I was funny as a teacher, and it was actually a student in my grade 12 class
that kind of had said at one point, you ever thought of stand-up?
And then I had a buddy I was waiting with.
Yeah, yeah, it just kind of kept coming at me.
A guy I was working with at a restaurant was a comic,
and then I just said, yeah, I should try it, man,
because I knew there was something there.
But it's hard to admit you're funny, right?
No one wants to go, yeah, I'm funny.
Like, usually those people aren't funny.
Yeah, I'm really funny.
Who does that?
Great point.
That's a great point.
Yeah, right?
So I just totally drifted into it, and then I finally left teaching five years into it.
I can't believe a student actually said that to you, because I was thinking,
if you can make a high school class laugh, that's when you know you're funny,
because they're not laughing at anything an adult's saying.
They're sick and tired of you, so that's pretty funny that you got into it that way.
What about nerves? We've asked a bunch of different people and some people say they get
really nervous each time and some people say they don't are you somebody that beforehand you're kind
of like panicking or is it just here we go no and you're right like even even i've opened for guys
way bigger than me and they're nervous and i'm like how are you nervous you're freaking star
um but i got you
know when i started yeah it was like my first time on stage there's nothing harder i've ever done
like it was terrifying and i bombed and people are like get off time and it's yeah a lot of times
man like a lot first first five years are really like you take any gig you can get, right? Like, 20, you know, 50 bucks, you're like, stage time, perfect.
And I did this gig, and it was out in, you know, a smaller town.
It was a guy's night out.
They'd done it for years.
It was 250 guys.
They had a big meal, and they're like, we have a comic.
And I'm not a real dirty freak, so I'm like, I don't care.
I'm getting paid.
I'm getting stage time.
Anyway, I didn't know that they had three strippers on after me.
So I find out when I get there, they came in.
So once you're done, come on, I'm like, strippers?
So, you know, five minutes in, I've got to do 45 minutes.
All I'm hearing is, bring on the stripper for 45 minutes.
So then I don't know where to go. I'm still new. I start ripping the stripper for 45 minutes. So then I don't know where to go.
I'm still new.
I start ripping the strippers.
I start carving the strippers.
I'm all alone up there.
Now I'm just bombing, and the strippers aren't happy.
The morale was very low.
You ruined this whole thing.
Oh, that's not bombing.
That's just sucking the energy right out of the
great job who's this Jerry D guy
fuck
who brings strippers on
after put them up first
but if they put them up first the guy just left
I've had you get gigs like that
though horrible gigs
I had a gig my best gig after
last comic I get a new agent
he calls me up he goes I got you a gig
in the Bahamas it pays me like 50 times what I've ever made right like I'm like oh my god this is
this is what a lot of comic did right so I go to this gig I'm on this island in the Bahamas
and I'm with it's it's a marlin fishing trip and I'm looking out in the ocean it's like 50
30 million dollar yachts and then they
fish all day then they come in i'm the comedian and the guy's like now they all have their nieces
i'm like their nieces well the nieces i didn't know the nieces were prostitutes so it's these
70 year old men with and me trying to do well i was a teacher and they're like drunk as hell and they slowly just
start leaving this room and slowly just dwindling down just me and five layers by the end of it
because they're all going home with the nieces right now i'm stuck on the island so i can't i
can't lose these people for the whole day and they're like hey there's i bombed it was terrible
but i i know i got to do the 45 minutes, right, or I won't get paid.
So I'm just sweating up there.
I'm like, this is my last comic op.
I mean, this isn't fun.
Nieces.
This is the first time I heard that term.
I was going to ask you about you as a hockey coach,
but I kind of want to know some more bombing or weird comedian stories.
Do you have any more in that vault or no?
Oh, my God.
There's a lot of bombing
um is it was that the weirdest scenario you've ever found yourself in the worst one was in a
the first one was uh that was the worst i that was the most i was this is horrible i get most
i bought you know you come off last comic you think you're a rock star and then go to this
and i'm bombing i'm like what am i getting out of this but i didn't want in a tent of mosquitoes
northern bc i'm like this is awful like i just i couldn't even there was like hundreds of mosquitoes
and there's like 60 people so there's more mosquitoes than people and i gotta get you
45 like there's nothing it's hard enough as it is and you get bitten and you get bitten by your ear
and they're just used to it
right
that was bad
but there's been a lot of
how much of that 45 minutes
how much of that 45 minutes were you spending
like swatting away flies
and did you eventually
make it into your material
just talking about these fucking flies?
Well, you can't really  it's hard to flow, right,
when you're getting bitten and there's one in your ear and you're like,
oh, my God, how do you guys do it?
It's not going to be a good set, right?
You're bombing the whole time because you can't really get it.
You forget where you were.
You're like, sorry, man, it's got one in my ass, I think.
You can't really focus.
You can't lose your train of thought when you're a comedian.
But there's a lot of stories.
I just had one I was going to tell you there.
I just lost my mind.
But, yeah, there's a lot of those that you get in your years.
I'm going to need you to find that story for us.
This is going to haunt you down for that story. I'm going to need you to find that story for us. Basie's going to haunt you down for that story.
I'm going to need that one, buddy.
There's a great story I had where it was actually that Rohnick event
where Walter Gretzky, this was my best line, I think.
Walter Gretzky gets up, and it was about 10 years ago.
So I get picked up at the airport, and it's me and Walter, right?
And I've never met him.
And so he's telling me jokes all the way, 45 minutes from Halifax Airport.
So he's telling me jokes.
I'm like, this is tough for me because this is what I do for a living.
I think it's all I do for a living.
Yeah.
So he's got, you know, the dad jokes, right?
But it's Walter Gretzky.
So he gets to the gig, and Walter Gretzky. So you get to the gig, and Walter, there's 1,000 people there.
It's 1,000 a plate, black-tie dinner, big fundraiser.
And there's a, Mickey Ward was on the stage.
I sat next to Mickey Ward.
Roberto Alomar was there.
It was like a real list of celebrities.
And I was the comic, right?
I wasn't really known or anything.
So Walter gets up first and talks about, you know, I put water on the grass.
I remember him saying, I used to just put water on the grass in the winter
and it would freeze and Wayne would go out there
and I'd go in and have some beers and he gets a standing ovation.
Like he tells this story about he gets a standing ovation.
And the next guy going up is Anthony Calvillo,
who just won the Grey Cup with cancer.
With cancer.
He has cancer, and he tells it at the end of the game.
He wins the Grey Cup.
And no standing ovation.
So, of course, I call it, right?
I'm like, what's going on here?
This guy sprinkled water on a grass, and his son's drinking beers and watching hockey,
and this guy's beating cancer.
And, you know, to chirpter gretzky was he just
didn't do that right but uh i don't even know if he knew what was going on at the time because he
was just kind of back there you know but but he was he was a good sport i don't i don't know how
he took it the best one i ever had was gordon life where i did a gig with him and you know he comes
in and he's elected right and and i'm like that's wow like
he didn't look great i'm not gonna lie like i think he's had you know he's had some fun
so this is about six years ago and he comes in and he does not sound great and i'm like you know
it's gordon lightfoot right he's in a room it's not the best sound but it's still it's gordon
lightfoot a legend but then he says he's doing a 42-city tour.
At the end, he goes, thanks, everybody.
You know, I'm just about to go on a 42-city tour, so if you want to grab some tickets.
So I get up right after, I said, listen, if you got tickets for the 42nd tour date,
you may not be going.
I'd be checking to see if that show's still on because he did not
look good.
I don't even know what he said.
You can't wait as a comedian to worry,
am I going to offend anyone?
It's kind of just humor,
but yeah, that was
a little riskier.
Did you glance over what you said about Walter?
Did I what?
Did you glance over what you said about him? No I what? Did you glance over what you said about him?
No, he chirped the fact that he got a standing O
and the guy who had cancer and won the Grey Cup didn't wake up.
I thought maybe there was another one.
No, I was wondering if there was more than that.
No, it was just about the standing ovation with Walter going.
I was just kind of chirping the fact that we're
like he's not  I'm telling the crowd, that's not Wayne.
You know that, right?
That's the dad.
So there was more.
So there was more.
Water the lawn.
There you go.
You got it, Vince.
Hey, can you kindly tell Whit to shut the fuck up?
Because I knew there was more, and I asked about it.
Oh, you didn't think  you thought he glazed over some stuff?
I thought he
I wanted to know what the jokes were.
I wanted to know what the jokes were.
Well, yeah, I guess I didn't flush it out.
Yeah, you're right.
Because I could picture you up there just constantly saying that over and over
and pointing to the bottom of the stage.
I remember Mickey Ward saying to me after,
oh, man, I was scared shit
what you were going to say about me. I'm like, hey, I don't
I'm not going to mess around with you, buddy.
It's a little different. Walter,
Mickey Ward, a little different.
Sick as crazy brother on you, instead of
doing it himself.
Jerry, there's such a rich
comedy tradition in Canada.
Which performance had an influence on your comedy
and what shaped you as a comedian?
Yeah, my biggest
idol growing up was John Candy, but
I never planned on being a comedian,
right? I was a teacher for 10 years.
This happened
at 30. You don't start stand-up at 30.
That's like saying I'm going to
be an NHL hockey player and you start skating
at 14 going, I'm going to try
to get NHL. I guess it could happen,
but I don't know. I mean, it might not be a great analogy, but John Candy,
I loved Michael J. Fox. I love that. So I grew up with John Travolta,
or not John Travolta, John Ritter.
That was just guys I watched and looked at and laughed.
And my dad was really funny. My parents were from Scotland.
My dad had this really funny Scott humor. And I don't know,
I just kind of fell into it. I mean, I, I, I'm glad I did it.
I never thought I would do it though. It was never a plan.
A little similar to Michael Myers then growing up on around the Toronto area,
having Scottish, Scottish dad, do you ever meet him?
Yeah. Mike Myers dad was actually English.
Oh, that's right. I'm sorry. That's right. Mike Myers. Dad was actually English. Oh,
that's right.
I'm sorry.
That's right.
No,
no,
but I don't,
but he does a good Scottish and,
and you know,
he,
that's that bastard stuff he did was,
you know,
that was real.
That's real,
real.
So he,
he had someone Scottish,
but I think his father was English,
but yeah,
he's yeah.
He was another guy.
I was a bit older when he came on the team,
but that is another guy that I,
I,
I looked up to and legend in Canada. team. But, yeah, there's another guy that I looked up to, a legend in Canada.
You know, there's a bunch of guys like that.
But I never followed stand-up.
I didn't know who the stand-ups were.
Like, I, you know, Richard Pryor to me was an actor.
And here I am, he's just, you know, I didn't know who Lenny Bruce was.
I didn't know who they were, right?
I just, I didn't, you know, I didn't follow stand-up.
I wasn't a guy that followed it or studied it.
So are you one of
those die-hard Toronto
Maple Leafs fans that sits
out in the square and watches the game
on TV, like in the playoffs?
Is that your team?
Is that your club? That's my team.
Yeah, that's my club.
What's your club? That's my team. Yeah, that's my club. What's your club?
Boston.
My club?
I don't really have one, actually.
I just root for the guys I played with that made me money and then my friends.
I was a Bruins fan growing up, but I loved the Isermans,
so I was just all over the map.
But I didn't know, like, Toronto Maple Leafs fans are passionate.
They don't like anyone else usually, the ones I've come across.
Well, yeah, they're usually not the ones in the building
because it's a real, you know, you ask the players,
it's not a lot, maybe not these,
but there's not a fun building to play in.
It's kind of quiet, but I am a Leafs fan.
I've grown up, you know, I lived in Toronto my whole life,
but I'm not sitting outside, you know, watching it on the big screen.
I don't get to as many games as i'd like to um but yeah i'm a leaf fan i'm also because i got to know more guys
you know like that used to hate the habs but i've met a couple guys on the habs so i'm not
you know i don't it's different now right Because I'm not going to rip the Habs, you know, or a team that I,
so I just kind of keep quiet.
And, you know, I, Bruins fan,
I did a show with Dennis Leary a couple months ago, and this is, you know,
you know how much he loves hockey. Like, this guy's a diehard Bruins fan.
Like, he knows everything about them.
I don't, I'm not like that with the Leafs, right?
That's, I don't know everything about them i don't i'm not like that with the leafs right that's i don't know everything about them before i ask you about coaching uh max domey and in stamp coast and
those guys you're going back to your tv show you had nathan mckinnon on and one other guy
one other hockey player yeah camilleri did the camilleri i knew from golf and he uh
yeah he did me a favor like he was playing in at Montreal at the time and then he got traded.
Was it Calgary? He got traded.
So we had to re-edit the whole thing. Cause in the show we say, wow,
is that you Mike Camilleri from the Montreal Canadiens? So, but he was great.
You know what I noticed about any of those guys, they just,
no matter what they're doing, they want to be the best at it.
They don't want to mess up. They take it real seriously. Like if you could see why they're the best in the world and what, they just, no matter what they're doing, they want to be the best at it. They don't want to mess up.
They take it real seriously.
Like, you could see why they're the best in the world of what, you know,
all of you guys have played, why you're the best in the world of what you do.
But McKinnon was 16, so it was a little different.
And he did it for three years.
Not even that, he was just, I got him.
I wouldn't get McKinnon in his draft year.
If I, you know, I just, a guy tweeted, same thing.
You should get McKinnon because he lived in Halifax where we filmed.
And I'm like, yeah, that'd be great.
And then a guy named Cameron Critchlow, who played with McKinnon in Halifax,
he said, I'll get, Nate and I'll do it.
I said, done.
And then Nate, and he arranged it.
So they did it.
Then I said, do you guys want to come back?
They did it a second time. Do you want to to come back and the third time he had been drafted first
overall and he came back and that was it i didn't even bother asking him for a time because it would
have been overkill but um great guy like both of them just did a great job it's not you know
some guys can't do it camilleri and nate and and cameron were good at it they did a good job
it's not an easy transition
yeah the name of the show for our listeners unaware of it in america is called mr d it ran
for eight seasons up in canada so now you went from a teacher to a comedian slash actor now now
you were basically the showrunner how exhausting and busy was it being a showrunner for the for
mr d yeah it was you know i didn't know any better like i was i felt like i won a contest like i
certainly i'm teaching and then i'm now i'm a showrunner i didn't know what the term was
but i had a lot of people around me helping okay you know yeah but there were others there that
kind of were that it wasn't like we had just me show running there was a group you know my
partner who did trailer park boys you probably
know that yeah he was a big part of it my my writers were big so it was more of a group effort
than me just running around doing everything because uh yeah acting in it and and show running
it or whatever you want there's a lot of work but i didn't mind it i was just happy to be there man
i was like a kid in a candy store i'm like i can't believe this I'm I'm like I mean I'm in a sitcom and then I'm like not only am I
in it it's one I someone it was pretty cool how much of the the television show was your real
life when you were actually a teacher and your interaction with the students was it like 90
that's a great question Paul um it was it was a lot the first three years. First three years was a lot of my real stories. And then, you know, and it's exaggeration, right? Like, you know, we had a scene that your American listeners would know, because we didn't take off in the States, but we had a scene that was about little kids sitting around talking about prostitutes and crack whores
and and if you watch that scene you'll know it because it'll come across your facebook or
at some point but you know that that was not based on my life but a friend of mine you know you get
teachers in the later seasons that tell you that you know tell you stories about then we exaggerate
we flush it out and make it you know like this story was about teaching little kids words, and then, oh, and
kid says prostitution, I'm like, oh my god, and then what's prostitution, okay, prostitution,
I give this, you know, this happens in teaching, and then I'm like, hey, you know what, let's do
words that end in re, but let me think for a second, and I'm like, okay, this is safe, and the
kid goes, crack whore, and that's where you have to think but that stuff is all real that stuff
goes on right and a lot of it happened to me in the early seasons like you know stories that we
you know we had a boxing match i bought a teacher we had a real boxing match so that was a real
story and it was it was it was awful like i've heard i was killed like it was the real story. And it was awful. I was killed.
Like, it was the most  I don't know how you guys fight.
Like, it was nuts.
I was so exhausted.
That's why I didn't.
Six months.
Yeah, yeah.
Is that right?
It's a lot of it is based on really early seasons,
and then we got more teachers to give us stories and built around it that way.
Now you said you did it for eight seasons. How do you
come to the decision, we're going to cut it off
here, was it like we're going to quit kind of while we're
on top before we kind of start fizzing out?
I wonder how that process goes.
Well, it's individual for everyone.
For me, I'm like, okay,
I don't know, were they going to give us a ninth?
I don't know. It was getting to that point
where they may not have,
but I thought I'd rather go out on my terms.
And creatively, you don't want to drive it into the ground, right?
So I thought, you know, I think it's a good time to go out.
And I had a couple other projects pending. They never became anything.
So it's just the right time.
But, yeah, everybody's different.
I mean, usually you get canceled, right?
Right, right.
That's how it works most times, especially in comedy.
You're canceled.
So it's always nice to say we were never canceled.
And I kind of knew that could be coming, too, I think.
So I just thought, plus, you know, we had to live in Halifax.
My whole family was out.
And I felt my kids were missing a bit of their, like, you know,
growing up with their friends in Toronto. And so it was a bit of their, like, you know, growing up in there, in there with their friends in Toronto.
And so it was a bit of everything really.
So I'm curious because you talked about the times that so many failures on
stage, and then you talk about how shows get canceled.
That's what happens with comedians. Did, was it, was,
was that hard on you or did you,
were you able to get over that easily enough? I mean, I would say now looking,
looking at somebody like you were you able to get over that easily enough i mean i would say now looking looking at somebody like you you can handle you can handle anything because of how many failures you've had i
mean whether they're small or large right i mean you you must feel like you're invincible at this
point no i i mean it's a fair point because i tell people like most of my life in this business is no and that's normal for anybody in this business
it's mostly no yeah but i i'm not one to burn bridges and i'm like it's no like and i think
playing sports growing up where you get cut and you just you just deal with it like it's like i
got cut you know i played that one year university hockey and then i got cut right so but you know
what are you gonna to do right so
you learn you learn that that's part of life I played a lot of golf as a junior I was a competitive
golfer where you missed cuts by one stroke and you drive home you think of where you could have
made up one stroke to go to what you thought was you know big event and so I think sports helped
me just kind of be a bit thick-skinned and realize, like, what am I going to do?
Like, they don't want my show.
Like, since Mr. D, I've pitched a bunch of shows that have all been turned down.
You'd think the guy had eight seasons, but it doesn't work that way in Canada.
You know, if I'm in America, it's probably a little different.
But here we just don't have the, you know, there's a lot of talent here too,
but there's not as many places to put stuff on.
And so I'm back to the drawing board like anybody else.
And you're no all the time.
And you can't, you can't, you gotta,
you gotta swallow your pride with it, right?
If you're a big baby, it won't carry you much further.
And I think that's coming through just sports.
Like, what are you going to do?
You got cut.
You got to take your lickings, man.
You got to fucking land on your face.
You got to get up.
You got to brush it off.
I love that fucking analogy, but not my own, like yours.
So I wasn't pumping my own tires.
Sorry.
No, no, but you guys would have gone through that playing, right?
Right.
And even post-career now, like, you know,
we're standing in there in the media too.
So you got to take some lickings once in a while.
But, hey, we got to get to the hockey talk here
because you know all the hockey boys.
And you have a story about every one of them.
Since we were talking about the Leafs earlier, why don't we start with Ty Domi?
Didn't you have like squash game against them or something for charity?
Yeah, so I knew Ty a little bit.
So I used to run this hockey school in Toronto when I was focusing on my coaching.
And that's where I met Max and PK and Steve Stamkos.
And they were little kids.
They were phenomenal.
And I had nothing to do with that, but they'd come to this camp.
So I knew Ty then and Ty was playing for the Leafs.
So I get to this, there's this charity squash event.
And I'm a pretty good squash player, right?
So I'm like, yeah.
So PK Subban's dad is running.
And I knew him from when PK come to the
camps and he was a principal so you know an educator great guy and he's like would you come
do this we're doing this urban squash thing we're trying to develop I said of course so I went and
there was some singers and everything so I draw they play this celebrities play each other and I
draw Ty and I'm like like I'm gonna I going to, I'm going to kill you, Ty. Like, how do you play squash? Like, you know, so we're just joking. Right.
And he's, you know, he's Ty, right. So he's pretty intense.
Like, so I get out there and I just drill him with the ball by mistake.
And it's like, if you ever hit by a squash ball, it hurts. And I,
I just rip it and I hit him and I just freeze. Cause I don't know,
like, I don't know him that well.
And he's like, what the fuck?
And he's just so mad.
And he lifts up his shirt and there's this massive welt.
And I'm like, I don't know what he's going to do.
And he just kind of just didn't do anything really.
We kept playing, but for about five seconds,
I just think he's going to come at me.
And I don't know what I'm going to do here.
I got a racket.
That's not going to do anything.
Ty told me.
The door's shut.
I'm thinking, can I get to the door quick?
And it was five seconds.
He just looked at me with his teeth like,
I think he was trying to figure out if I did it on purpose.
And then he just kind of, I don't know if he laughed.
I forget.
I was so scared.
I was like, oh, thank God.
After that, I was like, nice shot, Ty.
Good shot, buddy.
That was good.
I'm a fellow you want chasing you around.
I want to ask you, it meant you were a Leafs fan.
A crazy scrap of back in the 80s.
I don't know if you remember a guy named Paul Higgins.
Does that ring a bell?
Oh, yeah.
I coached with Paul.
Oh, you did?
Did you know that?
I didn't even know that.
No, I didn't even know that, to be honest with you.
Yeah, yeah.
So my first coaching job. so I graduate from university.
I get my teaching degree.
I start running a hockey program at the high school,
and a guy comes to me and says,
do you want to coach AAA with the coach?
I'm like, who's the coach?
Paul Higgins.
My brother played for the same junior.
My brother played for Henry Carr, Paul.
When you played for Welland, I don't know if they were around,
but they had a pretty strong program. So Paul Higgins played for Henry Carr, Paul. When you played for Welland, I don't know if they were around, but they had a pretty strong
program. So Paul Higgins
played for Henry Carr, so my brother knew him.
So Higgins gets me on the bench.
So I'm Paul Higgins' assistant coach
at Young Nats Minor Hockey.
Oh my God. He was a great guy,
but it was still Paul Higgins.
He was just
beauty. I don't know
how much he knew about coaching at the time
but you know i and then i gave him a lot of respect the guy played in the show and did what
he did but he was another level right like he was i don't know if he was he was different level of
tough because i think he would just do about anything but i don't remember his playing career
as much as um as i remember domes obviously. We just had Brian Burke on recently,
and you had an encounter with him at the NHL Awards.
Well, when I did the NHL Awards, I did the warm-up.
Like, I've always wanted to host it, right?
And they never  they don't even give me a sniff
because it's usually an American.
And so, anyway, they get me one year to open to warm up the crowd, which is like the kiss of death, right? Like no one, people are coming in. I'm, Hey, how you doing? It's like no one's listening. But I, I, I don't, I was talking about Sean Avery. I was talking about Ovechkin when he scored, when he did the hot stick and I was chirping him for the hot stick. And I was chirping Avery when I think he stood in front of Brodeur.
I think it was that time.
I forget.
Anyway, I did a bunch of stuff, and Burke came up to me after.
He goes, hey, man, you're really funny.
And I was probably the only guy in the whole building that would have
thought that because no one was even listening.
So we kind of became friends through that.
And then he was coming out to Halifax, and we're filming.
He goes, hey, you want to go out for dinner?
I'll get texts from Burke. It's just like, hey, how want to go out for dinner? I get texts from Berkey, right?
It's just like, hey, how are you?
It's like six months apart.
How's it going?
It's just out of nowhere, right?
So that all started from that, and he went out for dinner.
And I'm like, God, I never realized.
He was the GM at the Leafs at the time, and I was like, this guy is really smart.
We just had dinner, and he was out there duck hunting.
I'm like, are you serious?
He goes, love it, love it. Big duck hunter. I'm like, yeah,
that doesn't interest me. So he didn't like that. Right. But, uh, you know,
you, you know, Berkey, right. He wears his heart on his sleeve,
just does a lot of great things. So I've,
I've gotten to know him over the last 10 years.
He comes to my shows once in a while. He's straight shooter. He'll tell you,
yeah, that wasn't your best set.
That wasn't great.
Like, it happens, right?
So, good guy, and that's how we met.
At the NHL Awards, he came up to me.
Yeah, we just dropped our interview with him today.
He's a great interviewer.
I saw that.
I wanted to bring up, you were in a docuseries about the 72 Summit Series
on CBC a Oh, yeah. You played Wayne Cashman, who was one of the great players of that era, an absolute maniac.
Did you get to meet him beforehand that kind of helped prepare for the role?
Tell us a little about that.
Yeah, no, I forgot about that.
And that was my first acting role.
And I only got it because I played a bit of hockey.
So, you know, I didn't look like Cashman.
I wasn't the size of Cashman.
I didn't know who he was.
So when I got there, you know, I found a way to reach out to him, to talk to him.
And just so I never met him.
He was living in Tampa.
But we talked two or three times.
Great guy.
Really helpful.
And he would say, yeah, that's bullshit.
I never did that.
Like, because, you know, you're portraying it.
You know, you hear these stories that they were all these things going on. But he was great. I never did that. Like, cause you know, you're portraying it, you know, you hear these stories that they were all these things going on, but, um,
she was great. I never got to meet him. We did, uh, you know what?
Sorry, I didn't meet him. Cause we did a golf tournament after, and he,
he was there. So it was, uh,
there's about 26 of the guys at the golf tournament. Cause some won't go right.
Like Bobby Clark has nothing to do with it. Um, Ken Dryden,
nothing to do with it. Like they're very, some of them are just Like, they're very  some of them are just not a part of it,
and some of them are, right?
And so at the golf tournament, there was maybe 26 of the guys
or 18 of the guys, I forget.
And their Hatfield was there.
I sat next to Jean Rattel.
I golfed with  oh, he passed away.
His son is on Minnesota.
JP, what's his name?
Oh, Parise.
Parise, yeah, he was who I golfed with.
You know, we talked about his son,
and he was at Shattuck St. Mary's when Crosby was there,
so we were talking a bit about that.
But it was great.
You know, it was such a surreal thing for me to play in that series
because, you know, for a month I started believing I was in it.
Like you start to believe you're a cashman.
You're getting a little carried away, right?
Guys are calling me Cash.
What's up?
Yeah.
What's up, Cash?
That's how I got called.
And the funny story there was the guy that played Esposito
looked like Esposito,
but couldn't skate.
Like, you don't hear that a lot in Canada, like zero ability.
So he would go to these skating lessons.
I'm like, guys, you can't teach a guy to skate in six weeks. He just came at 35.
He was a real confident guy, good actor um looked like esposito but hated
the fact that you know couldn't skate and he was you know he was the number one or two on the call
sheet which means he's up there so the globe mail which is our national newspaper does a story
on on this on the series coming out.
And this guy was all about, like, getting noticed in the media.
You know, I'm like, he's talking about winning awards.
I'm flying out with him, right?
I never met him.
Anyway, on the cover of our national newspaper,
like picture, like, your biggest new USA Today.
On the cover is Esposito, hands in the air, but it's the stunt double.
This guy is fucking furious.
He's like furious.
It's like, how the hell do you have the stunt double?
I'm the lead of the movie, and you got the fucking stunt double on the cover?
But it's like, yeah, you couldn't skate, man.
He just kept his face up, and I'm like, dude, you couldn't skate, man. He just stood face-up,
and I'm like, dude, man, your stick's not facing
the right way. It was pretty
funny. Look at Miracle on Ice.
They went with hockey players, right?
Then they thought, let's get
guys that are hockey players,
and then we'll get the acting down.
These guys that I became friends
with, we don't have the same resources
in the States, but we had to get these guys that I became friends with, they, you know, we don't have the same resources in the States,
but we had to get some guys that could act really well and look like the part,
right?
It's such an iconic series.
You had to kind of look like the player.
And, you know, all the background guys,
they were all like HL guys we filmed in the summer, you know?
So I got to meet a lot of those guys.
There was guys, one guy was like a heavyweight fighter in the HL at the i got to meet a lot of those guys it was guys uh
one guy was like a heavyweight fighter in the hl at the time i can't remember his name you know
you guys would know him but anyway he was i sat on the bench and talked to him every take like
he just had so many great stories so it was a real cool project and uh yeah big a big you know
it didn't take off here like i guess it could have, but they did a great job. I'm happy they did a good job of depicting how it went.
There was a few more stories I was supposed to ask you about.
I guess to wrap it up, we'll let you pick one.
The Yari Curry one or the Mike Gardner one?
The Mike Gardner one was funny for me because I get invited to this celebrity
golf tournament.
I'm just headlining comedy clubs, not even close to being called a celebrity. And this guy, did I, do you know,
Jackson, Jackson, did you know him? He does a lot of NHL guys.
Anyway, he calls me and then we joke about it now,
but he calls me to do this event and I get invited.
So these people are playing big money to get a celebrity.
So Michael Burgess who passed, was the Phantom of the
Opera. So he doesn't come. So they call me their desperate. It's the day of. You come be in a
celebrity golf tour. Someone gave him my name. I'm like, yeah, okay. I'm a comedian. I'm nobody.
So I get there in my cart. My clubs go on a bag. I go to the putting green. I come back and the
clubs are gone. So these people pay. They're like, who is this guy? We don't want this guy.
So the guy says, no, you got moved over to this group. So then I pay, they're like, who is this guy? We don't want this guy. So my, and
the guy says, no, you got moved over to this group. So then I go to my bag again. Then the next group,
who is this guy? So they kicked me off. So now I'm finally in my gardener's group, but I know I'm
supposed to be the celebrity, but I know he is right. But I know I'm getting paid as I was
getting paid a thousand bucks. And I'm like, okay, this is awkward. Cause Mike's a celebrity.
And then there's two other guys that paid to be with celebrities.
So they just think I'm a lone guy that showed up on myself.
So I'm, I get close to the pin on a hole and I'm like,
they're like, put your name down. But I know I can't. Ah, it's okay, man.
I put Mike's like, put your name down.
But I know I can't cause celebrities can't put their name on that stuff.
Right. So we get to like the 16th hole. And, and,
and then these two guys recognized me from yuck yucks. And they were like,
Oh my God, Jerry D. Oh my God. They jump out of their cart.
They're taking pictures and Gardner.
And these other two guys have no idea what's going on. Right.
And I had to explain to Gardner. Yeah.
I was also supposed to be to gardener yeah i was also
supposed to be the celebrity but it was it was embarrassing through the whole round right to
keep getting my clubs moved and everything and it's like there's nothing more humidity
hey but those are the lickings you need to take early on to get you to the top man
yeah and then the guy wouldn't pay me and that's the best part of the story the guy wouldn't
pay me he's like look man i go look you know can i get that money i need it i was like just starting
out and he's like look man and he's like look let's be honest man you're not a celebrity this
is the guy organizing it right i go look i'm not on the phone this is two weeks after i'm not on
the phone to debate whether i'm a celebrity you hired me as a celebrity or your associate did
now you pay me as a celebrity but i'll never forget him saying look you I'm a celebrity. You hired me as a celebrity or your associate did.
Now you pay me as a celebrity, but I'll never forget him saying, look,
you're not a celebrity. And I, and then I had an event,
the cons my dinner, a big event in Toronto.
He was in the crowd and I told that story cause I was the headliner. I was a celebrity. And he came up to me. Yeah. He came up to me and he said,
you know what? I deserve that. Cause he came up to me. Yeah, he came up to me and he said, you know what? I deserve that.
Did you point him out in the crowd?
I just said his name.
I go, oh, Andrew Jackson's here, yeah.
And, you know, give him credit.
He came up to me and he's like, look, I deserve that. Because he said to me, look, man, you're not a celebrity.
And now, yeah, now it's a different story for him.
But, you know, he's a it's a different story for him.
Who's the singer, R.A.? I can feel it.
Oh, Phil Collins?
That's a Phil Collins moment, is it not?
That's not a true story, though.
Yeah, but Jerry, I'm the most gullible guy in the world.
I'll believe anything you tell me.
I always think that everyone's telling me all the truth, and I'm like, oh, awesome, man. I'm the most gullible guy in the world, I'll believe anything you tell me. Okay. I always think that everyone's telling me all the truth,
and I'm like, oh, awesome, man.
Fuckin' A.
I'm the most gullible person.
I know.
So that was an interesting conversation, but I didn't cry.
He came up to me and said, I deserve that.
You're right.
I said that.
Dumb.
And we moved on from there.
Fuckin' rights, buddy.
Just get 700 goals.
You'll be on the same level as him.
That's all.
Yeah.
The guy, Curry, was in Dubai. I did a gig in Dubai, and I was on Yari Curry's line, and'll be on the same level as him. That's all. Yari Curry was in Dubai.
I did a gig in Dubai, and I was on Yari Curry's line,
and I never saw the puck.
It was him and his buddy from Finland.
It was just funny because I just skated up and down for three periods
at this hockey game, and I did not get the puck.
It was just Yari going back and forth with his buddy.
But it was not a great story, but he was good.
He was a great guy.
Nice.
Well, hey, Jerry, we want to thank you so much for joining us.
It's been, it's been an absolute pleasure chatting with you and about your
career. It's a, it's been a joy. And I'm going to have to,
I'm going to have to wire into a Canadian TV so I can catch you on the feud
now.
Don't you go up to Canada? Didn't I, didn't you, weren't you once?
We were up Lake Muskoka for the pond hockey tournament a couple of months
ago. That might have been that.
Did you ever go to Cabot Cliffs in Cape Breton, the golf course?
No, I've never been there.
No, I'm not a golfer.
It's worth checking out.
But thanks for having me, guys.
I appreciate it.
It was a lot of fun.
Absolutely.
Have a good podcast.
Thanks so much to Jerry for joining us and keeping Canada laughing during these trying times.
Thanks so much to Jerry for joining us and keeping Canada laughing during these trying times.
And speaking of Canada, the Budweiser Ultimate Sports Sweeps is now available across the Great White North.
And specially marked cases of Budweiser is your chance to win tickets to both the Super Bowl and the Stanley Cup Final, plus other epic sports prizes.
You'll also be able to redeem a coupon for a free bag of Ruffles chips in each one of these specially marked cases.
Game time is our time.
Visit UltimateSportsSweeps.com for more info.
No purchase necessary.
Must be of legal drinking age.
Speaking of drinking age, Thanksgiving is around the corner.
G, going to be having a couple glasses of vino, I'm sure.
And now it's a good time to remind people that Black Friday and Cyber Monday are coming soon with a bunch of new swag.
What do we got, Mikey?
Tons and tons of new stuff, new golf stuff.
We got some shower kits.
I'm not going to tell everything that's coming out,
but we've gone off the map.
It's not just sweatshirts.
It's not just T-shirts.
We've got some crazy stuff coming.
So very excited.
So get to it, baby. Absolutely.
I'm sure they're following us on Twitter. They'll be hearing all about it. And now we're going to
finish the show off with some final words from Ryan Whitney. Thank you very much, R.A. Guys,
we're here. Mikey, how are you? And I know people probably think, oh,
Masters ended. He wants to talk. And I do. I do. But if you really want to know why I'm truly buzzing,
as buzzing as I've ever been in my life, it's because Monday at 744 a.m., my wife gave birth
to our second son, Wyatt Tyler Whitney. I have the chills right now. My wife was an absolute legend champion. It was a home birth. Incredible.
We'll get into that in a second, but he is so awesome. He came out, uh, seven pounds,
11 ounces, 21 and a half inches long. And yeah, it was nuts. So it was just amazing. And let me
tell you, so it was at home because my wife wanted to do this
when she was pregnant with Ryan.
I was like, nope, nope, we're going to the hospital, you know,
because I didn't know I wasn't educated.
Then the more and more she talked about it, she's like,
I really want to do it when we have another kid.
I said, okay, all right.
She explained to me.
And then I started thinking, like, dude, people have been giving,
Mikey, people have been giving birth, you know,
they were giving birth in caves. What is it? is it millions of years ago people were on the earth or maybe not
yeah i'd say so well you know whatever i really was i was down with it but when the day came mikey
oh my god i i thought they'd be there and everything would go slow now granted my buddy
john and coroner i was with them a couple of days prior.
He said he has three kids, three daughters.
He said the second one, it comes way easier.
It comes faster.
Everything goes a little quicker.
It's long labor with Ryder.
Well, 6 a.m., she starts feeling like, you know, early labor.
She's going, next thing you know, she is moaning, screaming in the shower.
The midwives aren't there yet i i'm pacing she
saw me in the mirror later on she told me i thought i was delivering this baby i'm like this is not
i was getting ready i was going to catch the baby i legitimately was getting ready to give to to
birth my own son we didn't know at the time it was a boy well she comes in bombing in she's in the shower with her winter jacket on
still we had to get breed to bed where these were she then at 744 like i said an hour and a half
after she first felt anything maybe two and a half hours everything so my my brain's fried
fathers you know what i mean right now the first two days after you're on a different planet mikey
and uh yeah everything went went, went well. I
didn't, I never brought it up just because I don't, I, I was, I was just keeping our privacy,
I think. And I think it was also, we didn't tell anyone it was going to be a home birth
because she didn't really want people to know that. I don't know why, but it was, thank God,
all I said the whole time, people say, you want a boy or a girl? I just want a healthy baby. Like everyone knows,
everyone who's had kids has kids understand and thank God he's doing great.
So it's been just an amazing couple of days,
just this ultimate feeling of like, you can't love you.
It's impossible to love someone this much. And like you,
you almost forget it.
Riders turn a three in a month or in a week, excuse me was already getting forgotten about but I wanted to share that so that was that was
unreal unreal like uh I appreciated you reaching out Mikey that was great and and so thank you
thank you for listening to me explain about me now being the dad of two boys so how is rider handling it all oh he was furious he wouldn't even look at brie the first
day he started realizing this kid's not going anywhere now the next day and like today he's
been good he's been nice oh the baby the baby baby wyatt baby wyatt wyatt wyatt whitney And so he's, he's give him a kiss and now things are good in that front.
But, uh, God, I, it's still, uh, he has, he's still like, I don't understand. He hasn't left
yet guys. When's he leaving mom. So we'll see how it goes, but it's what a cool thing to get
to grow up with a brother. I have two brothers, myself, Colin and Sean, I'm the oldest. So
nothing is better than having, a brother so I'm so
fired up and and really really thankful feeling blessed it's crazy because the the show when this
show started Ryder wasn't even born so it's been so much has happened and oh I'm so thankful for
all all that's happened um since I was done playing I'm so lucky and I think after you
your your wife gives birth,
you're so amazed at what she did.
And you're also just thankful for what you have.
So I wanted to share that.
Now we can talk about the Masters.
I got a couple of things quickly.
I'll just quickly go through.
Dustin Johnson.
I think we have old clips, Mikey, of me talking.
It's just the ultimate alpha.
There's alphas and then there's DJ.
The swag, the swing, the genius on a golf course.
People say he's dumb.
Now, granted, he gives some interviews where he either sounds like he, A, doesn't give a fuck,
or B, is really, really stupid.
Maybe it's both.
But this guy's a genius on the golf course.
He's one of the greatest,
greatest swings I've ever seen. He's so athletic, just beating it. And his brother at the end,
he was getting emotional. He actually had to tell his brother, I read a little quote saying, Hey,
you gotta stop crying. I'm not going to be able to, Oh, you're going to, you're making me emotional. I got to finish this tournament looking like DJ stroking it in with a swagger walk that just
looks, look, you belong hall of Fame in any sport you decided to play.
So I was so fired up to see that guy win.
How about that picture, too?
Tiger putting the jacket on you?
That'll do.
Yeah, the defending champ was Tiger Woods, and then I won.
So two-time major champion.
Now, another couple things about that tournament.
Bryson.
Talk about an all-time backfire is to go into one of the most legendary,
hallowed grounds of Augusta National,
to go in there and say that the par is 67.
Mike, I don't know if you know that.
That means if he shot 20 under,
he would have shot even par in his mind for the tournament. So I think 20 under was the winning score,
but Bryson just made a fool of himself. I've said, I've said many times, I'm so impressed
with this guy and his ability to, to change his body. And actually he won the U S open. I mean,
this, this still is probably going to work, but he can't get out of his own way in terms of like public
perception i'm not that he cares not that he cares but we're talking heads mikey so that's
what we're supposed to do he cannot get out of his own way you can't come in and chirp a course
like that golf the golf gods out there. Those guys have years everywhere.
You know about my hole in one.
Now I'm never getting one.
Another story.
Go back in time for that one.
What else?
Cam Smith, the Australian.
This kid was straight money.
I mean, he's just a gamer.
I think he dusted Justin Thomas in a President's Cup match.
That could be off.
He played great.
He's been there before.
He's been at that highest level, but he didn't slow down once at Augusta.
He was hitting his driver bad Sunday on seven and on nine.
He's ripping it right just a club's late,
and he's hitting these cuts out of the pine straw to three feet,
tapping in birdies to stay in this tournament,
stay with the opportunity to win a green jacket.
You've got to think that it might have been his best chance ever to win.
That's the crazy thing about golf.
All the studs, all these guys who just pounded.
The guys who hit it like DJ Rory.
I mean, Rory's another story.
Besides the first day, he could have won.
But Cam Smith, he's not exactly a high-level elite ball striker.
I don't think of him as one.
Show me the stats.
Maybe I'm wrong.
But these guys who are pounding the ball, I think, you know,
a guy like Cam Smith, I don't know if he'll ever be able to play
that well at Augusta again.
He was the first  actually, no chance he will.
He's the first guy to ever  first and only guy, Mikey,
to shoot in the 60s all four rounds at the Masters.
And he didn't win. So that's how hard it is but the Masters is still great I thought it was kind of cool without the fan I missed the
roars I wanted the roar Sunday I was sick of it by Saturday but the first two days I really enjoyed
you get to see the whole course I went down the year I retired oh my god was it crazy down there
just the slopes you have no idea the undulation, how up and downhill everything is.
But it's the craziest experience.
No phone.
2 beers.
I talked about it.
Beautiful foliage, too.
Oh, yeah.
They probably had some orange and reddish trees planted in there.
When they need to link the holes, they'll buy like a school and knock it down.
No, I'm just kidding. But they'll seriously do whatever they can to just get what they need to link in holes, they'll buy like a school and knock it down. No, I'm just kidding.
But they'll seriously do whatever they can to just get what they need.
Did you see the bucket of balls getting sucked in under?
Oh, that was mesmerizing.
I've never seen that.
They have a couple little guys down there.
They're shorter, and they just have them running back and forth
with Titleist, TaylorMade, Shrixon, whatever. guys down there they're shorter and they just have them running back and forth with titleists tailor-made shricks on whatever um what else was i gonna say about the masters oh but the first few
days of knots of not having the fans you saw so many different parts on tv that you'd never really
seen before you saw how the course plays a little bit different and a lot of guys got screwed
bryson lost that ball where he's like,
so if we don't find it as a lost ball,
he was actually close to getting a drop there.
I know that if there was water as he walked Mikey that came up,
he would have got a drop.
He would have been able to stay.
I would have been able to agree that it went in there.
But still, I was just,
I was on edge because I also thought she was going to go into give,
get going to labor during the Masters.
I'm like, not on the  you know, I said, I said,
if this kid starts his journey out Sunday of the Masters during the back nine,
it's a tough start, you know.
Me and him are not getting off to a good start.
Or he's destined to be a golfer, though.
No, no.
I think he knew his dad wanted to
watch and instead he came the next morning like i said 744 the greatest gift could ever receive so
shout out to everyone i miss chat and god it's nice to just talk about things i the first the
first episode when we're all really catching up again it'll be good but this break's been awesome
i think biz is has been on a hike. Mike?
Yeah, he's hiking around Utah.
Oh, I didn't see any pictures.
No, I'm just kidding.
Those pictures were sick.
I actually want to see the video.
I saw he's also hanging out
with Scotty Gomez right now,
who we interviewed
and probably could interview
19 more times
because I think we just got through
about his rookie year
and it was an hour and a half.
So Biz is getting it done for sure,
as always. As always.
And,
and RAs probably smoking a lot of drugs,
but Mikey,
we appreciate what you do.
And obviously I appreciate what all you guys do.
So listeners,
thank you so much.
And we'll see you in a couple of weeks.
Yes,
sir.
First week of December.
All right.
Peace.
As always,
we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on spitting
chiclets.
Big thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Bud, Grampink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends over at NHTSA, keeping us safe on the roads.
Huge thanks to our friends at Cross Country Mortgage.
Hopefully you're taking full advantage.
And big thanks to all our friends up at Budweiser Canada.
Keep it good.
Have a great week, all. La la la la Hey Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
La la la la
La la la la
La la la la
Hey
Doo doo doo doo doo doo
La la la la
La la la la Yeah yeah yeah La la la, la, la, la, la, la
