Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Welcome back, welcome back, welcome back.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 309 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, boys?
The gang is back together.
It's been a while.
We have myself, G, the wit dog,
and the world travel himself, Bistafa Columbus, all here.
How we doing, gang?
I'm actually, I like to be referred to as
Pussy Muncher from now on.
Please and thank you.
He paid a guy in Hollywood to write that joke, too.
That was a good one, all right.
He's high-stepping out of the gate right now.
How we doing, boys?
Well, first off, we got to, you know,
give congratulations to the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
Welcome to the world, Wyatt Tyler Whitney.
I know you gave a little address to the troops on here a couple weeks back,
but I figured I might want to say something for the rest of the folks who might not have caught it.
Oh, yeah.
It's been a wild ride.
It's been the craziest three weeks.
Everyone knows those first few weeks, you don't really sleep.
You're just like in a fog, I think I said.
But amazing.
So it's been  I mean, it worked out boys.
We took that time off right as he was being born.
So I am so fired up to work again.
Cause let me tell you, like I'm a stay at home dad right now.
I'm not like wired actually to, to, to do that that well, I'll say,
but I'm doing my best right now and I'm getting better,
but I still need the time to just chat with you fellows. You know,
it's like everyone needs to catch up with their boys and so it's great to be back i have many
questions for you biz well i was gonna ask you do you put those tits on that filled up with milk
like do you ever breastfeed and take the the onus off brie no dude but i am starting to get a little
uh heavy in that section i'll say i'm on a little bit of an intermittent, intermittent, is that what it's called? Intermittent. Intermittent. Mittens. I'm on one of those
intermittent fasting programs. So I only eat from noon to 8 p.m. And you got to, you can't just eat,
like, I think I read online that you can't eat like a slob for eight hours, though. But I'm
doing like a lunch and a dinner. And I'm trying to just get this thing back in shape because I could be breastfeeding soon enough.
A lot of too much soy. You're going to get those tits on you.
Taste that sweet milk.
That's what happens if you drink too much soy. Ask RA.
Yeah. One of my perverted buddies who will stay nameless when he had a kid,
he's like, my son would get on one and I'd get in the other.
And our rule was just don't make eye contact with each other.
They both breastfeed at the same time.
Like no eye contact.
Fucking sick bastard.
Biz, the Pink Whitney.
How about these Pink Whitney Christmas trees we've been seeing, huh?
I mean, I don't know how you find a tree strong enough to hold 17 Pink Whitney bottles on them,
but they've been impressive nonetheless.
We have some degenerate fans.
And first of all, gee, great job with all the merchandise as well i know you've been posting
a ton about it but uh folks if he hadn't been posting about it el presidente would have his
balls and a vice so uh oh yeah i gotta address that i gotta address that we'll get into that
later okay what the el presidente bullying everybody into tweeting some of the comments
i come with some of the comments i got from people online so we'll address that later we'll talk
about that later or no i'll talk about it right now i actually said when he tweeted that i said
oh i'm gonna tweet something out i tweeted something our granelli we talked about doing it
uh at midnight or whatever the night before and then then I did one then, did another one. And then he sent that.
I was like, it's pretty legit.
And that email, I didn't get that email.
I didn't read it.
So I read he posted an image of it.
And people are like, oh, you pussy.
Oh, you gave in.
I'm like, what?
Trying to make the company that we all enjoy work at,
working at like some money.
I thought it was like valid.
He actually said nobody got laid off company that we all enjoy work at working at like some money. I thought it was like valid.
It's like he actually said nobody got laid off and all this shitty COVID time.
And and then people are chirping me for posting merchandise like you dummies. We're trying to make money and help the company.
So I was just shocked that people be in complete clowns online.
I shouldn't say I was shocked.
That's normality.
What else did you just mention about Pink Whitney?
Oh, yeah, the trees, R.A.
How are they getting them to balance on there?
Is there wood under those trees?
No idea.
It's genius, though.
It's however they're staying up because those aren't light.
No, not at all.
So I've seen a couple of videos of these kids just crushing a bottle.
They must be waffled which check out those
hockey jerseys waffled with the pink whitney syrup going on maybe the best things we've ever put out
there um merges are uh what else did i have for you biz oh the headband so everyone i i i sign on
i sign on instagram whatever that was or go on my phone when when was this biz five days ago
and four or five days yeah four or five days ago and just go through the stories i see all
business i want to check that out i see pussy muncher like in yellow and fluorescent pink
and i was just immediately started laughing out loud by myself and i get on he's wearing it again
i just need to know the backstory on that one.
Well, okay. So I went to Cabo. I went on a couple of trips during our break.
I ended up going to a page Arizona on a couple of hikes.
And then we ended up going to, how do you pronounce it?
Kanab Utah. A lot of people were correcting me.
I thought it was Kanab Utah, but it's Kanab. I think it's pronounced.
But then for my second trip, we ended up going to Cabo.
And we stay on the San Jose side.
When you get into Cabo San Lucas, it gets a little bit rowdy.
All these people are constantly selling you stuff.
There's like thousands of these guys on the beach with all these headbands,
like making fun of either Trump or Biden.
And then this guy had one pussy muncher.
He walked right up and I said that that thing's got my name
on it my old lady you know she you know she obviously knows i am a pussy muncher so she
says hey here's five bucks make sure you put that on your head and then we ended up meeting these uh
this this uh lovely family i forget where they were actually from because i was so waffled on
tequila and i actually got this nice beautiful jersey jersey from him. Game worn. So it was quite the afternoon.
Is there a nameplate on the back of that?
No, there's not.
But speaking of Cabo, Grinelli was actually there the week before that,
and he can attest to this.
That's like the one negative.
It's turned into such a tourist trap as you get closer to the downtown
where we're eating at the office, which is a pretty well-known spot to go to.
Rookie move by me.
I greased the guy 20 at the front on my cape,
put his front rent.
Give him 100, Jesus, pesos.
No, no, 20 USD.
Come on, that's like a million dollars in Mexico.
So I said front and center there at the beach,
and then that, of course, the rookie move
because they got all these people nonstop filtering over.
You want to fly to the moon?
They're offering you cocaine 24-7.
It's like I'm trying to enjoy a fucking shrimp appetizer,
but I'll tell you what.
Hold on.
So you went to Daytona Beach in Florida of Cabo.
It's exactly what it's turned into.
But as I said, I stay on the San Jose side when I go,
right beside Cabo Surf.
It's very chill, very relaxed.
I have a family friend down there.
I think it's called the portal Los Cabos golf course,
and they got a good, good setup there.
So I actually played around a golf as well.
It was a great relaxing trip right before I got into this thing. And that,
that Saturday I did the tourist attractions and that was enough for me.
As people can actually see right now for the first time ever,
because this is the first podcast we are ever posting full episode on
YouTube.
There you go.
Get a good look at this beautiful Jersey.
He looks like six XL.
I got to get a setup.
It looks like he's entering the fucking boxing ring right now.
Like there should be some fucking tunes blaring with the headband,
the fucking vest.
Yeah.
White trash bash boxing match in Daytona beach.
That's exactly where you went.
I mean,
it's probably a little cheaper too, because it's Mexico.
Cabo is heaven.
Cabo is absolute heaven.
How did you hit him?
I played okay.
I actually had three pars in a row.
You know me.
Those are net birdies.
I go through my hot stretches, and we'll get into the sandbag later
because I'm going to save a little bit of juice for the end of the podcast.
But it was a great trip, and I'd imagine you guys did, I mean,
some relaxing on your own as well.
R.A., what were you up to during your break?
Lots of RR.
Obviously, with no hockey on, no basketball on,
I don't really watch the NFL as much.
I caught up on a lot of streaming.
I caught some great shows.
I blogged about the Queen's Gambit on Netflix.
It's been a sensation.
It's been their most downloaded original series ever. If you't seen it by all means check it out and then another show i
tweeted about it's on apple uh apple tv plus ted lasso starring uh jason sudakis of snl i put it on
once and i just wasn't feeling it you know sometimes you gotta be in the right mood maybe i
just thought it was going to be something different and then i went back to it and thank god i did
one of the best shows i've watched all quarantine he's just uh he he's kind of this midwestern like earnest guy you're kind of waiting
for like the other shoe to drop because it's Sudeikis and he always plays this kind of lovable
goofball but you realize oh wait this is who he really is and he's he gets hired he's a college
football coach who gets hired to coach an English soccer team uh because the owner wants him to
drive it into the ground much like uh major league the plot of major league and you you watch it, and next thing you know, you're five, six episodes in
on a binge, and you end it.
And you actually, Paul, it puts you in a good mood after.
Like, I know, like, I love the show Brockmire,
but it's as cynical as anything, as funny as it is.
When you watch Ted Lasso, you're done with it,
and you actually, like, you're in a good mood.
It's just a very uplifting show without being really corny.
It's high-quality shit.
So one of those shows that's one season, and then it ends,ny it's it's so high quality shit so one of those shows
that's one season and then it ends and it's all said and done well no it's once once so far i
think they renewed maybe for a second and a third it's funny it actually started out as a as a
character to uh promote soccer here on nbc and then i don't know it kind of fizzed out so nbc
actually created the character and then sudeikis kind of adjusted it, tailored it, and they made a series out of it. And well, speaking out,
speaking of NBC and like G.
I just said, we're on video. As you notice, my appearance is different.
I figured I'd go back to my usual look in honor of our guest tonight,
NBC's own Pierre Maguire. We got him coming on a little later.
Boys, how good was this one?
Yeah, it's very, I'm very interested to hear the reactions from this.
We had some people right away that were excited.
We had some people who weren't so thrilled.
So Pierre gets into the fact that he doesn't know.
He doesn't hear you, you haters.
And I think that people will enjoy it.
He's been around the game a long time.
We appreciate it.
But you're rushing ahead quick.
Biz, did you ever find yourself thinking, like,
I wonder what R.A. is doing right now
during our vacation?
I was, yeah, I couldn't wait to hear what he was up to.
I was very intrigued, but not shocked to hear
All right, give me like a Tuesday 4 p.m. scenario
the past three weeks.
Tuesday 4 p.m.
Well, assuming I was awake by then.
No, basically, you know, I'd slap up a couple of blogs here and there if I was, you know, feeling the need to or if I wanted to.
But basically just relax.
And I try to get a little more exercise and I got to check up with the doctor.
They said, you know, I knew I had to lose a couple of elbows and the doctor reminded me of that.
So I get out, I start to walk a little more, get a little more exercise and i actually adjust to my diet but yeah basically um go out for a stroll come back
while uh catch up on a show or a movie and slap up a blog or whatever but yeah just iron out just
relax kind of recharge the batteries and not a boy you know all right you got to get into hiking
okay i went on a big hike into hiking i'm yes i yes i do his lungs no you start out you start
out small you don't need to go on the ones where you're climbing a lot more so ones that are just
like even through and i i treat myself on the end i pack a beer and a bowl and i end up at the end
of the hike you smoke you smoke a bowl and you drink enjoy a beer and then you and then you end
up hiking back and the key to this one too so we were going to some places that were i don't want to say there were tourist traps but they're popular hikes so
you're going to see a lot of people there is we tend to go towards the end of the day so we do
the the hike on the way out as the sun setting and then we put the headlamps on and we hike back
during the night and it's a blast it's a little bit more of an adventure it's a lot more fun
and of course i was enjoying some shrooms while I was doing that.
I said K-Nab, Utah, but Zion National Park was a park that we went to.
And there was one specific one that was just gorgeous.
It was called Angels Landing.
And it looked amazing.
Yeah, it was awesome.
I probably would have never done it if it wasn't for my girlfriend.
And she brought me there.
And I'll tell you what, I'm going to become a full-time hiker.
I went and got all the gear.
I got the hiking poles and stuff.
So definitely something that I'm in and also ran into a bunch of spit and
chicklets fans who are big hikers.
So you should have had a bag on you with some merch chalk chucking it left
and right when you ran into people,
but I wouldn't have thought you would have seen many chicklets fans at Zion
national.
Well, I did.
I did have a bottle of pink Whitney because I was going to keep hiking,
and at the top, wherever I ended up, I was going to post a picture with it.
But I did run into one fan, and it was the last bottle I had on me,
so I ended up giving it up to him before I went on my hike.
And, God, I forget the kid's name, but like I said, just
Made a lasting impression.
Hey, did you say you bring a bowl and a beer
why yeah i bring i bring weed with a with a you should trademark that you should trademark that
ball and every kid with like birkenstocks would buy that t-shirt okay maybe i think you can make
big money on that we'll start more merchandise uh g you can have more work on your hands here
and uh you were going to chime in when we were talking about the merchandise
quick.
What did you want to say?
G?
No,
I was just going to say that people can now see us wearing the merch on
the YouTube.
Cause we will be on the YouTube full time.
And Whit mentioned it briefly.
We just dropped a huge collab with men's league sweaters.
So 15 different jerseys for your men's league team.
You can buy them in bulk.
They're they're pretty fucking awesome.
There's some really cool ones.
So check those out. Barstool sports.com the russian gas one was awesome but
you know what they should have had the rocket the 10 and then on the other side just like an old
granny one because like i said it's tens or ones in russia not not gonna lie the girl on it got me
going a little hard speaking of russian gas that's the next uh tim stapleton russian gas is
the next uh chicklets animation we have coming out and it is fucking hilarious so stay tuned for
that as well we got to catch up with him speaking of animations i think we've had this conversation
before like you know top three all time all right i'll send it to you who who are the the hottest
animated chicks that get you going we've done this. Jessica Rabbit, everyone runs away with quick. Hollywood
number 1A. Lewis, would you
put Lewis Griffin in your top three?
Lois Griffin?
No, I definitely
Her or Marge R.A.?
Not Marge. Marge is
brutal. No, Marge is a
she's a normie in
the streets, but a freak in the sheets, at least
if you pay attention to the Simpsons.
R.A. was going to call her a fox, I think.
I think he's as smart as a fox.
Imagine how big her blue bush is.
No, thank you.
I'd like to go.
I'd put Lewis way ahead of Marge.
Lewis.
It's like the Toronto Blue Jay.
Yeah, I mean, Jessica Rabbit's obviously no brainer, number one.
But, yeah, Marge, I think Marge is a minx under there.
But then if you go into like the secondary characters of The Simpsons,
you know, you got, you know, Lurleen Lumpkin, the country western singer.
What about Marge's sisters?
Would you do a two-on-one with them?
No.
Hey, we were about to get a Kraken list there,
a Seattle nickname list.
All right, you interrupted me.
Yeah, he's got a hundred.
He's like, yeah, there was Gertruder richards the wife of the scottish farmer let me check my google
history here if i can you just.com animation series no i'm not one of those rubber cartoon
porn people those say whatever floats your boat but that's never been one of mine but yeah she's
another she's another cartoon babe too yes no but biz I don't know. No, but Biz, honestly, I didn't travel in November,
but through your Instagram, I got to Vicarious Utah.
It's just an absolutely gorgeous, gorgeous place to visit.
As advertised.
I would definitely, like, I can understand why people move there,
and I'll be visiting again.
And, Chris, I didn't know how, it's a six-hour drive to Zion National Park,
so we'll be doing that again.
Met some very interesting people as well.
Like one guy,
he his daughter's graduating university.
He's divorced from his wife,
but he bought,
I think it was a Ford Winnebago and he was,
he was all about it,
but he lives out of it.
Now he lives in Atlanta.
He's going to finish up working there.
And when his daughter graduates from university,
he's going to,
he's going to just go off and travel the world. He was we have money yeah he's got some dough he actually all right he
uh he works at the studio in atlanta and i i hope i'm getting this right with a i want to say tyler
perry started it yeah that's right he has a giant complex there yeah there's a lot of tax breaks and
tyler perry for i'm sure most of you people know who he is uh he he started out as an actor right and then got into producing uh he's an
african-american and he ended up buying property in georgia that was once owned and had slaves on
it and he turned it into a studio and he's i mean if you google his net worth he's done very well
for himself so to obviously despite uh the old slave owners and kind of get his own thing going, he has a studio there.
And I believe all the Marvel movies are now made there.
Yeah, there's been a ton of production in Georgia.
Tyler's not living in the van, right?
No, no.
This guy, I believe, works in Atlanta and might even work for that studio.
But after that, he's going to go travel the world.
And as I i mentioned the buddy
he's he was with has been to 100 countries and and i tell you what after experiencing what i did
on that hiking trip i can understand why people end up living out of a van and just kind of going
on on on the road forever i mean tom green just started doing it and already to get back to you
about the the marvel the the studio yeah no george has been getting a ton of TV and movie work down there. They used
to have the, what they call them, the tax rebates in North Carolina. Well, they did away with them.
A lot of people think they're giving away the store to Hollywood. It's like, no, when you give
these discounts or rebates or what's the other word with subsidies, whatever you want to call
them, basically you're taking in money to your state that otherwise would not have been there.
So if it's 70 cents on the dollar or 50 cents on the dollar,
that's still 50 cents more than the state was getting prior.
Well, North Carolina did away with that program.
Georgia had one and it seems like they've been making almost every TV show,
a movie that's been coming down the pike, including all the Marvel movies.
So yeah, huge part of the industry right now in Georgia.
Okay. And speaking of areas in the country that are getting movie stars to come film movies,
I seamlessly brought that over to local news in Boston is Leo and Jennifer Lawrence are filming here.
You know, I see tweets where they are, where they're filming.
People are going down with their masks on, taking pictures.
R.A., have you been down there?
I have not.
They are filming a movie called Don't Look Up.
Adam McKay, the director
making he's also starring Jennifer Lawrence. No, because right now, if you go down, you're just
hanging out with a bunch of college girls who drove down from Amherst trying to get a glimpse
of Leo and Jennifer. And I mean, yeah, 25 years ago, I might have done it off. My wife had a gun
to my head. But right now, under the circumstances to go get a glimpse of Leo now, now, if the if
the casting company calls and say they need an extra that's a different can of worms i'll certainly answer that call but the company that i do have on file
like i'm on file with a place that you pay them a fee per year and they give you a heads up when
there are casting calls but uh this particular company apparently isn't doing the extra work
for this movie so my phone never rang but see what happens next time maybe leo's a listener
yeah shocker all right well we know what happened after finishing up our summer in november See what happens. Next time. Maybe Leo's a listener. Yeah. Shocker. All right.
Well, we know what happened after finishing up our summer in November
as opposed to August.
We're going to be kicking off the 2021 NHL season whenever it may start.
Of course, when we last left here, we thought we had a deal,
but it seems like the owners, as best as I can tell,
are going back on their word.
They signed a memorandum of understanding back in August.
Now they want to
rip it up and they want to make the players pay more again. Kevin McGrann of the Toronto Star,
he wrote on, I think it was Monday or Tuesday, Bettman sprung the memorandum on the board of
governors who unanimously endorsed it. It's believed some voted merely on Bettman's recommendation.
Now, having subsequently read the memorandum after it passed some are unhappy with it and it's like
oh okay and then tuesday uh alan walsh the renowned agent tweeted that the league is quote
soft floating the idea that if there's no deal reached it can affect cancel the season and then
use the latin term uh force majeure i think you say it basically like you know the owners can say
we don't want a season we're not going to to have them, which in turn, Wednesday, Gary Bettman said,
we're not having negotiations and we're not seeking to negotiate.
But Alan Walsh, I mean, credit to him.
He's the only agent I see out here or person repping the players.
That's really kind of shooting down all the stuff.
He's like, of course, it's a renegotiation.
They don't like what they signed.
And who knows what the owners were told back in August,
but it certainly looks like they're backpedaling.
And our pal Andy Strickland also tweeted, and who knows what the owners were told back in August, but it certainly looks like they're backpedaling.
And our pal Andy Strickland also tweeted,
there are some NHL players who have delayed plans to travel to the NHL city.
Everything you hear and see from both the league
and the players seems like we are destined
for a 48-game season mid to late January
or early February start.
The bottom line to me, guys,
is the owners always hold the leverage
and they can do whatever they want and they can say to players if you don't want to play then don't and try to make
them look like assholes i don't know if you guys have talked to any of your of your peers or your
friends in the league with biz if you want to chime in here well people are definitely unhappy
and let me explain to you kind of what went down if there's numbers involved but i'll do my best
to keep it uh what is it layman's terms So the players in the deal that they signed when the CBA got going here to get back playing,
they agreed to have a 10 deferral for their upcoming year's salary.
And it was going to be paid years down the line, but you're getting all your money.
And the escrow was capped at 20.
So that's what they figured, right?
And that was for 2021.
And then it goes down until like maybe five, six years from now, I think, or three, four
years, either way, it decreases.
So they came back.
They wanted it to go where you have to defer 20 of your money and the escrow goes to 25.
So they're keeping even more of it. Yeah.
So then their other offer was the escrow was even higher. And so the players were like, whoa,
hold on. Like we, we already came to this agreement. So as a former player, I'm thinking
like, you're so bullshit because you had a legit deal. Everyone agreed to and you know for a fact that they they can do whatever
they want because in the end like they run the show biz how many times do you have to see like
it's going to go down the way they want it to go down they wanted a cap they got a cap and and you
talk about the NBA and what a great league look there's no issues they figure out their season I
see so many people like comparing the two the NBA NBA is there's nothing similar. They make so much money on their TV deal. The NHL really
requires the gate and the concessions and the jerseys and the booze. And and these owners are
like, no, wait, I didn't. Some of them didn't even like the deal to begin with. And now most of them
are saying, well, we're done.
And it sucks because it is unfair, but it's like that's the world we live in.
I mean, they're the billionaires, right?
Is there any other way to describe it?
Yeah, no, they can definitely play the waiting game because some of these players will at some point get desperate.
And it just sucks.
I mean, I can't imagine if we don't see hockey this year.
We will.
Absolutely terrible. I mean, who knows? sucks if i mean i can't imagine if we don't see hockey this year that we will absolutely terrible
and i mean who knows maybe betman's trying to save some money so he can keep getting those
fucking sketchers i mean maybe he wants it wants a couple new colors or i don't know what he's
thinking no new souls there's some expensive new souls like they don't they don't make that
rubbery noise yeah he um he's a businessman and this sucks guys. And I can understand,
I can always understand both sides of it because there is a business to be
ran, but it does sound like once again,
the players usually do get the short end of the stick as far as these
negotiations are concerned.
What Gary's trying to say, at least in his latest statement,
is the fact that like, okay, we can, we can go as,
as planned on that deal we did negotiate,
but there's going to be players five, six years down the road here
that are going to be suffering from it.
And also, there's no way that the cap is going to go up.
If anything, it might even rescind a little bit.
Now, who knows where that goes, but this is, yeah,
this is a tough situation for the league once again.
And from a fan standpoint they're the
ones who really lose and that's that's what sucks about all this and i'm hoping that they can get
back to playing here soon and fans can get back in the building um and i don't really have much
else to say about it i don't know do we know if this vaccine starts coming out could there be fans
maybe in uh like april and may or no i don't think the
world gets back to normal till summertime and that's me being about 50 though or something
like as far as capacity yeah like like some places are 25 right now like once the vaccine
is out and about and five months from now could it not be like 50 i don't know well i suppose that
depends on which cities and states you're dealing with
because of the clusterfuck of this whole thing.
Every state has their own rules about who can come in
and capacity and all that shit.
So there's really nothing you can do set across the board right now.
I will say the owner's business from, again,
the best I can read on my situation is that they made a mistake.
I mean, they fucked up by signing this memorandum and agreeing to.
Now, I don't know who told them
what the situation was going to be
when the season started or potentially started,
but it's kind of funny.
These guys are all billionaires
and those who weren't born into the money,
these guys probably cut a lot of throats
on their way to the top becoming billionaires.
And now they fuck up
and the players aren't even trying to cut their throat.
They just want to keep what they signed.
And the billionaire's like, no, fuck it.
We want a do-over.
So, you know, I think we should be clear
that the players want to play
and they're not stamping their feet anywhere.
This is all coming from the owners.
So that's what sucks about it is usually the players get dragged into it
and it's always the fans saying, oh, we're the ones losing,
where it's like the fans don't care.
They're like, figure it out, millionaires versus billionaires,
where it's like it seems as if, though, as far as the NHL is concerned,
at least in the last few negotiations,
the players have always been very, very reasonable.
And in this situation, the owners are looking like shit.
And it kind of reminds me of the situation that was going on with baseball
before they got going, where they kept reneging on whatever deal
that they agreed to.
So let's hope they can figure things out,
and we don't need to talk about this.
We can talk about NHL players challenging non-boxer slash boxers to uh we can talk about
bowling a beer we're talking about bowls and beers we're gonna jump right into that biz that's that's
been the crazy well i would consider that hockey news right now because i mean a couple nhlers are
are challenging logan paul and jake pa Paul and whoever the fucking rest of the crew is.
We need this.
Yeah.
We need this to happen.
Tee it up, R.A.
Yeah, just in case people aren't familiar,
of course, Saturday night, Mike Tyson and Roy Jones Jr.
fought an exhibition match.
Actually, I got a lot of people who turned out to watch it,
and it's had a weird ripple effect.
Ever since then, we've had some version of Evander Kane,
Logan Paul, Robin Leonard, Ryan Reeves, who dragged out poor Biz into it,
basically challenging each other.
And it looks, gee, you're the youngster of the crew here.
It looks like Kane really wants a piece of this Logan Paul,
and he might want to oblige him.
Yeah, first he went at Jake Paul.
Now he's going at older brother Logan.
So, wait, you were saying we fucking need this in hockey, right?
Well, those guys are.
I've had I've had different opinions on them.
I hated them, thought they were the biggest losers.
And I remember the older Logan did something.
I don't remember the exact details, but he did like a ridiculous stunt.
And I don't want to.
Was it a sacred like Japan?
He went to the forest in Japan, the suicide forest.
Yeah. Yeah.
Like that was like this.
This guy, this guy is a complete clown, but they have dominated the World Wide Web and figured out they have millions upon millions of followers.
And they're now becoming like a bigger deal, like everywhere.
Boxing.
I mean, they're they run YouTube, right?
Grinnelli, you're telling me they're YouTube stars yeah youtube podcasting they do it all okay so jake paul
fights nate robinson who you could tell nate robinson had i mean i would i would be just as
bad that guy had no clue what he was doing in the ring he was he was lost everyone's like oh he's
an athlete this kid was younger and bigger than him.
And he looked pretty good, I guess.
But he looked great because of the knockout where the dude,
Nate Robinson, led his face right into his mitten.
And everyone's kind of going nuts about him.
I think he also fought a TikTok guy.
So I think if you're going to talk about like Evander Kane, who's named after Evander Holyfield,
whose box before would get how that would go in the ring. So I think if you're going to talk about like Evander Kane, who's named after Evander Holyfield,
who's boxed before, would get how that would go in the ring.
I think Evander Kane would pound him.
I think he'd beat the shit out of him.
I'll hop in here. That Jake Paul's been training and doing a lot of boxing.
He's actually like, if you talk to boxing experts,
they say he's like no joke.
I think it would be a very good fight.
Do I believe?
Really? Yeah. Do I believe Evanderane can pick it back up very quickly and do i think that he would win
yeah i do think i but i also don't know if that he would actually accept that challenge
although he has been saying on his podcast and has been talking back to him and he has he's
evander's done a good job of engaging him. Now, before that, it was Revo obviously reached out
and said that he was going to pound my face,
and then he was going to move on to Jake Paul.
Yeah, Revo, leave him alone.
I'm trying to enjoy retirement here, Revo.
Although, listen, if the money was right,
I would consider fighting Revo in a rough and rowdy match.
I would challenge him.
Five hundo?
500K?
Yeah.
I'd tie my hands behind my back and let him pound my face in for 500k
why don't you with your following
call out Logan or Jake Paul and you'll get
500k minimum I'll pay you if
it doesn't round up to that and you'll beat his face
in
Fizzle on a boat taking 5 miles off
I thought we were going to throw in
R.A. Butterbean after him I thought he was
the toughest member of the fucking podcast
over here but that i would say that fight definitely took a lot of the attention away from
the tyson uh the tyson fight but uh they called that as far as revo's concerned you know i would
kind of like to see him and evander go at it in a rough and rowdy to be honest because after
after uh they've kind of been going at a little bit, then Evander Kane takes a shot at Revo and his brother,
calling them the Reeves sisters.
And then all of a sudden the SJ Warriors went absolutely crazy
because it was a misogyny.
Did he get in trouble for that?
Ah, you know, they weren't happy about it.
So he was dealing with his own little fight there on the side.
But definitely some interesting things coming out of this one. I to see revo and evander kane fight off the ice because there is some definite
bad blood there before maybe they move on and that jake paul went on to challenging conor mcgregor
and whoever whoever else he get his hands on i'll say this if the money's right and this if this
jake paul would even consider it fuck yeah i'd like a shot at the title. Put that on YouTube, Grinelli. They're going after
Logan Paul, though. They're now going after the
older brother. Oh, okay.
Yeah, so he... Either was, no.
No, he didn't win. He's defeated. He's
never won a fight before. So now
Evander's going after him. Oh, he's been in a fight before.
Yeah, he fought KSI, which
is the giant YouTuber as well.
So he fought KSI. They drawed the first
time. He lost the second time
and now that's who evander's going at now is the older brother of jake paul who just fought
against nate robinson okay so so is this is it is it me now i don't know a ton about boxing i love
getting the big fights right my buddies will tell me hey big fight tonight you know pay-per-view
but i don't know a ton i'm interested in watching these dudes fight like evander kane
and this kid i think they would sell a million pay-per-views i mean maybe not a million i
actually don't know number wise but i think it'd be a monster and biz if you were involved oh my
god we were imagine we were hype imagine me as your hype guy i'd be dressed as a pink whitney
bottle for three months r.a would be my towel guy for sure i'll be no he'd be like spitting and rubbing his face with it and stuff i can't even get the two the two not mixed up
between logan jake so logan's the older brother he's the one who's already fought a couple times
jake's the younger brother who just beat up nate robinson and they're both in the fighting game
okay well welcome to the youtube world folks. I would be very interested to maybe see a documentary
on these kids' lives.
No joke.
Because how do you even become...
They just started off with just making little videos
on YouTube early when YouTube existed?
Yeah, basically.
Jake was a Disney star.
Jake was on Disney.
And then Logan's just been doing it through YouTube.
These kids have been documenting every day of their life for five years now,
six years.
They're calculated.
These kids,
every move they make is calculated at Logan Paul.
He's a fucking smart dude.
Yeah.
I actually wanted to say,
cause I was dogging what,
what,
what I thought of him before,
but I did listen to part of the podcast and he sounds like actually more humble and that than i thought like
he kind of like i kind of like he enjoyed listening so we'll see but if you could ever
punch his face and i'd still be the happiest person in the world biz all right but you have
the torn acl right i got two all i got the one still torn the other one's fucked up i get i
probably get my ass whipped in there i don't know man if you trained and got let's get let's get me and revo in the ring for for one round i'll be just fucking running around just
avoiding this guy i'd say when it comes to boxing and fighting careful what you wish for somebody
might oblige you and fucking send you off to never exactly all right well boys we were just talking
about hockey and money and hockey players and all that shit and hey you know what it's more expensive
now than ever to suit up your little ones to play the game. Maybe you need a little cash to make that happen.
But whether you're looking to refi or if you're a first-time home buyer, Cross Country Mortgage
is America's crazy good mortgage company. Cross Country Mortgage combines a people-first mindset
with a dedication to the fundamentals of mortgage lending, which results in a fast, easy, and
stress-free home financing or refinancing experience.
Rates are pretty much at all-time lows, and they may never get this low again.
I just talked to my buddy Chris over at Cross Country. He said a whole bunch of listeners have
already reached out to refinance, so don't miss out on the opportunity. Cross Country Mortgage
can tell you within five minutes if they can save you a boatload of cash. And like I just mentioned,
it's a great opportunity to take cash off of stuff you want or need. Those skates and shin pads, they're not cheap, man. And
sometimes you need a little bit of extra cake. So if you can refi and do it, by all means,
check out Cross Country. And don't be intimidated by the home buying process. It's not as complicated
as you think. And there are some amazing benefits available for first-time home buyers.
Also, if you have a lease coming up in the next six to 12 months, you definitely want to look
into your options. Don't let common misconceptions stand in the way of you buying a
home. Go to ccmlens.com slash NBD to learn more about your future home buying experience or to
refinance your current mortgage. That's ccml com slash N-B-D to learn more.
Cross-country mortgage, LLC, NMLS, 3029,
www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org, equal housing opportunity.
Like I said, by all means, if you need a little extra cabbage to take care of the little ones with their ice time, equipment, whatever,
by all means, check out Cross-Country Mortgage.
They're great at what they do.
What's up, Bruce?
That's where McDusty got his mortgage from on his new pad and edmonton everybody was just absolutely hammering on that thing online what'd you think of it wit
thought it was unreal i thought it was like just an absolute palace for the best player in the world
i don't know it was a little white i guess
the gym could have had more life to it that's what i would tell him when i see him you mean
you mean the basketball hoop yeah the basketball well the ceiling wasn't high enough so you can't
shoot from from long range where like the colors and or the paintings or the pictures and the
fucking stand he should have stands in his basketball court. People were comparing it.
People would come watch him do the inchworm.
They'd pay tickets to watch him do the inchworm warming up.
People were calling him Bateman from American Psycho.
They are, right?
Everybody was posting the memes of that and the gifs
or whatever the hell you call them.
But, man, this guy just wants to be.
Who decorated it?
Well, remember, he had that uh
that little feud with his contractor so maybe the feud was the ceiling wasn't high enough in the gym
so he couldn't shoot his long-range jumpers maybe that's why there was a little bit of a riff going
on so we'll have to send someone over there to break his legs on mcdavid's behalf i'm boys with
his dad after the all-star game he's probably to hate me now that I'm chirping his son's house. I said, though, Palace.
Yeah, very
stark. Everything was either black
or white, so it really jumps out at you.
It looks like an old-fashioned chessboard or something,
but fuck it. He wants to put me up.
I'll stay there. Oh, you think?
All right.
We got some other news to share with you
folks. We want to send out big congratulations
to defenseman Johnny Boychuk,
who retired after 13 NHL seasons, over 800 games, including playoffs,
and, of course, a Stanley Cup with the Boston Bruins back in 2011.
He's not officially retired.
He's going on long-term injury reserve,
but he's all done with the game for all intents and purposes.
This is a guy, man, I believe a second-round pick.
He paid his AHL dues
with for four or five years. He didn't become an NHL regular to 25 years old. And, you know,
as a Bruins fan who had the joy and pleasure of not only covering him, but watching him,
this guy was an awesome teammate, a tremendous player, just one of those guys who it seems like
every teammate loved the guy with. I've never heard a bad word about him. I've got to hang out
with him a little bit during the lockout he was around and, you bad word about him I've got to hang out with him a little bit
during the lockout he was around and you know summers before I'd go to camp he'd be back in
Boston early and just like happy-go-lucky always in a great mood you knew as a teammate I mean not
that I played with him but you knew around the league and guys would say who played with him
just do anything to win I mean you you you've said it already and I think his shot made him
such a presence out there
he would also hammer guys i mean he's beast beast block shots he'd do anything and it was weird to
see how long it took him because um you know he wasn't progressing as as as i think he or a lot
of people thought he would in his early 20s and then i'm pa i'm almost positive he won the eddie
shore award in the ahl as defenseman of
the year in that league you didn't just say that did you all right no i didn't but that's nice that
would have been an early not listening to you uh repeat but i i think that after that biz you you
could you could maybe not attest but i think i i would get your agreement that that can change your whole game mentally like
i just dominated like i have no business in this league i'm the i was the best defenseman here i
can play in the nhl and after that he took off and boston i think uh gave him a good chance and then
to do what he did with the islanders you saw anders lee's twitter post about the guy i mean
four awesome pictures or instagram posts, whatever it was,
and mentioning how good of friends they were, how much he meant to them.
So it sucks when a guy loses it like that.
It's like that.
It's like a lightning bolt strikes and boom, your career is over.
It's different when I think guys have the time to realize it's kind of ending
and you're slowing down and all of a sudden this happens he gets that news that that's a hard that's
a heartbreaking day for him so i really thought of him just having having gone through retirement
and biz you've told your story but i've talked long enough i don't know him that well but congrats
on a hell of a career yeah i was emotional to see that that twitter post of him explaining how it
all went down and um yeah like you said an unbelievable career nice to see that Twitter post of him explaining how it all went down.
And yeah, like you said, an unbelievable career.
Nice to see him get to hoist the cup.
And, you know, we talk about it all the time.
Like, not a lot of guys get to go out on their own terms.
And another sad case of a guy who couldn't.
Rarely ever does it end the way you think it will.
99.9 of the time, all of a sudden, it's over.
I actually scrapped him when he was a Boston Bruin,
when I was with the Arizona Coyotes.
I think it was a pretty even scrap.
Send it to Logan Paul.
Oh, yeah.
He had a lot of tools in his bag.
Speaking of that, TMZ Sports just posted an interview they did with Evander Kane.
So I'll play that audio for you guys right now.
Who am I?
I'm the guy that you're talking about on your podcast.
So clearly, you know, you're using me to get views,
to get subscribers, to get listeners.
So you can pretend to, you know, you can pretend to not know who the hell I am,
but I'm the guy calling out your little brother.
You said your game.
I'll take on any Paul brother.
I don't care who it is.
Either one of you can get it.
You guys can maybe play rock, paper, scissors.
I don't know.
Maybe you guys can fight each other.
Whoever loses has to fight me.
If you fight either of them, what is the outcome?
They're both getting KO'd.
They're both getting KO'd both getting KO they're both getting good I I know I know they think I mean he didn't even realize that hockey players drop their gloves when
they fight that just goes to show his lack of knowledge about anything involving can he even
do this under contract if he get if he got hurt he wouldn't get paid yeah the most absurd thing
about it is Evander Kane makes 7 million a year playing hockey.
So I would imagine that there's some liability issues there.
So I don't think he can scrap him unless maybe it could happen in the offseason.
But I tell you what, that Logan Paul, after seeing some of these clips, these guys need a haircut.
That is just pathetic.
Yeah, his original video of I'll take the mop on your head and wash the floor with it was hilarious because he does have that.
Oh, you're saying Evander already chirped him about the salad?
Yeah, he already chirped his salad quick.
It is brutal.
Hey, we should get a fucking fake, what do you call that?
A toupee made up of that salad and put it on R.A.
He sounded a little dumb at the beginning, though, because.
It's like one of these.
You look like Ian Poulter.
Yeah, that's Ian Poulter.
Where'd you get that?
You got to wear that the rest of the pod.
He got that for you in Cabo, didn't he?
Buy one, get one free with the pussy muncher fucking headband.
You know what's another crazy thing in Mexico?
You can get any type of drug over the counter, like Cialis, Viagra.
Really?
Over the counter.
And then you said those people dealing, like just trying to get you to buy Coke,
like that's legal?
Coke.
There's nothing?
Definitely way less stomped on in Mexico.
All right, what's the movie?
The second one stunk, but the first one, Sicario.
Sicario.
Sicario.
Check Sicario out tonight.
Great shit.
Yeah, same guy who wrote Yellowstone.
He's the same guy who wrote Sicario as well.
Good shit.
By the way, we want to say thanks to our friends at TMZ Sports for that sound.
But got to love Evander Kane saying they're both getting KO'd either way.
I mean, whether he can fight or not,
he can certainly talk shit on fucking social media. And that's entertaining.
That should be the headliner for the 2021 season is,
is those two guys going at it.
Um,
what else we got going on in the hockey world?
All right.
One of the note,
as far as retirements,
I want to say on a personal level,
congratulations to longtime Patriot ledger sports writer,
Mike Loftus.
Uh,
he's also retiring.
Huh?
Yeah.
He tweeted out a retirement,
uh,
call him today. He cut 40 years. He worked at the Patriot ledger. Uh, he tweeted out a retirement column today.
He covered 40 years he worked at the Patriot Ledger.
I'll tell you, I've been on the press box for about 10 years now.
Always a very friendly face to me in the TD press box.
Never a diva.
Super nice guy.
Sometimes you get up there and people have egos or whatever.
I'm from Boston.
They don't want to talk to you.
This guy always treated me like one of the boys.
Just a perfect gentleman.
A great guy
who did his job with little fanfare even if he deserved it so mike i don't know if you're
listening but i want to i want to wish you congratulations on retirement and best of luck
going forward you're a great guy i'm pretty sure it was that was the first interview i ever gained
was to mike loftus probably because actually i retweeted his call after like uh it was in the
summer one time he'd always come come to that Thursday night league.
Good dude.
Long time he did that.
He mentioned you.
Hell of a mustache on him.
He mentioned him in the article?
Well, because the Patriot Ledger is basically a South Shore newspaper,
and he was talking about how many plays he's covered over the years
in the South Shore and how many good plays have come.
And, yeah, he gave the old Whit Dog a shout-out in the piece.
Oh, yeah.
Tommy Sticks.
Yeah, I sent him some merch.
Don't forget about me, Mike, yeah. Tommy Sticks. Yeah, I sent him some merch.
Don't forget about me, Mike, and you call him.
Congratulations. Great career.
I'll see him around at some point. Yeah, great career. Great guy. So enjoy your time
at Mike. While we were gone, there
were some signings. We're not going to go over every nook
and cranny of every little piece here, but we just
want to keep people abreast. Ottawa
added a pair of unrestricted free agents
and Alex Galchenyuk and Michael Haley,
and then a bunch of RFAs re-upped with the teams they were with
since we last met.
I'm just going to rattle them off here quick, guys,
if you want to chime in, jump in.
Warren Fogle for Carolina, Victor Olofsson, Buffalo.
Fogle, I think it is.
Fogle, I was going to say that.
Good enough.
Good enough for chicklets.
Anthony Mantha, Detroit, Ryan Pollock, the Islanders,
Ryan Strom, and Brendan Lemieux for the Rangers, enough anthony good enough for chicklets anthony mantha detroit ryan pullock the islanders ryan
strome and brendan lemieux for the ranges vladislav gavrikov columbus mackenzie wieg of florida
rupe hints dallas mikhail sergachev tampa bay and jake debreska our buddy here in boston so
everybody re-up no no crazy contracts nothing out of the ordinary there but what was sergachev's
deal again sergachev signed a three-year deal worth 14.4
million, comes out to 4.8 million
AAV cap hit.
Ding, ding, ding. That's how
you win a couple cups. I know.
Are you shitting me? Fucking Tampa.
Do you know the division, the Atlantic
division, when that deal went down? Or the whole league?
They're like, are you kidding me?
Could it be two years, please? We gotta deal
with this guy for three more years
where you're still able to pay all these other players
because he's only getting a little over five.
Sturgev, after the playoffs,
looked like he should be making eight or nine.
Now, granted, he doesn't have the leverage yet,
but what a player and what a contract.
The other one you met, oh, Dabrowski, happy for him.
Now, that one was what, 3.8?
3.8 per year?
Jake, two years. Yeah, 7.35. Now, that one was what, 3.8? 3.8 per year? Jake, two years.
Yeah, 7.35 comes to a 3.675 per year.
Three points.
Okay.
Yeah, I mean, I think the years he's had, like, he skates so well.
He gets so many chances.
At times, I think, like, Bruins fans, they get frustrated with everyone,
but you hear them complain, oh, DeBrusque.
But then you notice in the playoffs he's been good.
I just think that
he's such a locker room guy too we we talked to him he's just such such a great guy to be around
that certainly counts for something and it's it's good to see him get resigned i mean they had to
figure that out they lost krug it's tough i saw some mcavoy quotes saying how hard it's going to
be at the beginning like it's the first time they've lost a really key guy to free agency and it's going to be tough tough you know shoes to fill and you know that that's that's saying a
lot going into the season whenever it does start but i i digress from from de brus i'm happy for
him and i think that's a good deal if he goes out and gets 25 like you know he could let me let me
ask you this one guys so with boy chuck with the boy chuck news coming do you think if they would
have known that prior that the taves deal wouldn't have gone down with colorado i'm gonna say lose
loose way ahead of the game in terms of he's getting he's getting updates and in in knowing
what's going on with with boy chuck although maybe if the doctors hadn't told boy chuck yet
how would Lou know?
Right.
So that's kind of where, I know that was a little bit out of left field and we were talking about
other signings,
but yeah,
I think he,
that didn't have much.
It was,
it was still a weird deal.
Okay.
Well,
I'll just shut the fuck up over here then.
Oh,
no,
a great question.
It really got my mind race.
I don't even give chance to our chance to RA to express his opinion.
Yeah.
I think it's a great bridge deal for Jake.
I mean, you know, people were loving him
after his playoff performance versus Toronto.
I can't keep track of years anymore,
but a couple of years back.
And yeah, he taped it off a little bit,
but I think this is an ideal situation for him
where he can go out, produce, get it done,
and get a nice little payday at the end of the day.
And what you mentioned,
the B's not coming back without a key player.
They might not have Zdeno Chara as well. He hasn't signed yet. And what you mentioned, the B's not coming back without a key player.
They might not have Zdeno Chara as well.
He hasn't signed yet.
I don't know which way he's leaning.
He's obviously going to come back for short money if he comes back at all.
So it's going to be interesting to see
what the Boston blue line looks like next season,
whenever it starts and for however many games they play.
So obviously we'll keep tabs on that.
We do have some COVID related scheduling notes
we want to pass along.
Unfortunately, this stuff is still with us,
but just want to keep people abreast of what's going on in the hockey world.
The world junior championship will take place in Edmonton and red deer.
Shout out Rick.
It starts up on Christmas day and it's going to run through January 5th.
So we'll have some hockey to watch obviously before the season starts.
There will be no bean pot here in Boston this February, unfortunately.
BU, BC, Harvard, Northeastern, the annual tradition tournament they play the first two Mondays in February every year.
Unfortunately, can't do it this year.
The Hockey Hall of Fame induction ceremony was delayed.
Obviously, that didn't happen while we were gone.
All Quebec Major Junior Hockey League activities will be paused
between the 1st of December and the 3rd of January due to COVID situation.
The National Women's Hockey League is going to play the remainder
of their season in the Isobel Cup playoffs in a late placid bubble
from January 23rd through February 5th.
There's going to be six teams with no fans in attendance,
and players could have opted out and still receive their full salaries.
And 95 of the players did opt in.
No surprise there when you're talking about hockey players.
So good spot there.
It's unfortunate too, because that's a great place to watch a game.
Also,
did you bring up the world juniors in Edmonton and Rick and Red Deer?
I did.
I did.
I,
I can't imagine how much fun that would be for the guys if, you know,
times were normal right now. But can you,
can you just picture Rick and Red Deer? His wife asks him like, honey,
what do you want? Honey, what do you want for Christmas? And he's like,
all I want is to be on the maintenance staff of the hotel where team Canada's
quarantined.
And he just goes in there and he's able to like fix the maintenance staff of the hotel where Team Canada's quarantined.
And he just goes in there and he's able to, like,
fix the AC in some first-round picks room.
Like, fucking creep them all out.
He's skiing fucking Kirby Doc and whoever another stud forward is from the team.
What happened with them?
Were they late to practice one day or something like that?
They got pee-pee slapped?
They got tossed out of practice? He was teaching them all how to swear yeah they showed
up late tried to walk on it looked like a little late and the coach was like nope that's all right
we're still going to get him on for an interview uh pre-tournament here now they had to they had
to shut things down there because there was a couple cases and things ended up going a little
bit rampant so let's hope that that tournament's able to kick off i know that's a big christmas time tradition and and
i'll say over the years it's it's grown in the states too you guys have put some very competitive
teams uh in the tournament as of late with the u.s development program so uh it's never a guarantee
for canada anymore no no oh definitely. Definitely not. Definitely not.
All right, moving right along.
A couple of other news items here.
Florida Panthers hired a new assistant general manager,
Brett Peterson.
He's a local guy who played at BC and in the Minus for a few years,
and he's now the front office pioneer.
He became the first black assistant general manager
in league history.
Like Florida GM Bill Zito,
Peterson worked for the players
before moving over to the
front office he's been a protege of zito's for years uh zito took peterson on as a client back
in the day hoping to get him to work for him and that's exactly what happened and now peters
he i'm sorry zito brought peterson to florida so uh congrats to brett peterson on uh becoming a
pioneer and smash another ceiling and becoming the first black assistant gm in league history yeah and brett peterson and i we played together on a team the outlaws uh it was like fall season before
your high school year played at cushing academy i was at fair academy one of the sickest skaters
this guy was awesome went to bc awesome player defenseman uh so i've known him for a long time. Great guy. Hilarious to be around.
Classic one-liners.
And I didn't know that.
Did you say he took him on as a client, as a player,
hoping that he'd work for him?
Like he already saw that in his future?
Yes.
Yes.
When he was playing on the coast years ago,
Zito saw something in him and he basically became his mentor,
his protege.
And now it's come to fruition all these years later.
So Brett and Tuca became really
close, and I think
that everyone knows he's
going to do a great job. That's just an awesome
honor for him to have, and
he's a classy
guy. I'll say that.
And Greg Wyshynski's article about him,
I guess his nickname is Chubbs from
Happy Gilmore. Oh, yeah. The Happy Gilmore
movie. Chubbsy. Anytime you got a good nickname, we got to mention that. He's like, Chubbs from Happy Gilmore. Oh, yeah. The Happy Gilmore movie.
Chubbsy.
Anytime you got a good nickname, we got to mention that.
He's like, Chubbsy looking great tonight, boys.
Also, we want to mention the Chicago Blackhawks hired Kendall Coyne Schofield as the first female development coach in team history.
She'll assist the coaching staff at Rockford.
So congrats to Kendall as well on breaking another barrier in the sport
because she made her name known to those who didn't know it at the All-Star game a few years ago
with her light and speed. So she keeps creeping up the career ladder. So congrats
to her as well. Before we send it over to the interview, we've got
to acknowledge this anniversary today. Of course, it was on Wednesday, the
25th anniversary of Patrick Waugh getting pulled after giving up
nine goals in an 11-1 loss.
Just an epic scene.
Comes off the bench, walks right past his coach,
goes over to the team president, Derona, saying,
this is my last game in Montreal.
Walks past the coach again.
Four days later, they send him to the former Nordiques,
as if salt in the wound wasn't enough for the Canadiens fans.
Send him to Denver with Mike Keane for Andre Kovalenko,
Martin Rusinski, and Jocelyn Thibault. The rest, of course, is history. of the canadians fans send them to denver with mike keen for andre kovalev montan ruzinski and
jocelyn tebow the rest of course is history he wins two more cups out in denver solidifies their
uh their franchise as an up-and-comer what great stuff from back in the day i was sitting in the
parking lot in derby street waiting for a chipotle order and i saw the tweet that i ended up retweeting
i'm sorry i don't know the name. I check out my Twitter.
I'll pull it up.
Actually.
I'll be,
I'll be,
you know,
I feel like that's journalistic integrity,
right?
To say the guy's name.
Absolutely.
I tried.
Sid,
Sid,
Sid,
Sedeck,
Sierra city.
He tweeted the video of the red wings,
snapping it around.
The Habs lost 11-1.
R.A. mentioned it.
He allows nine.
It was Mario Tremblay.
Correct me if I'm wrong, R.A., the coach.
It was.
You want to talk about a guy with an ego.
This guy, I mean, he was the show coach of the Montreal Canadiens.
And to embarrass Patrick Patrick wild like that,
who'd already won two for that organization.
He'd already won two.
He was still in his prime.
He had 86 and 93 and to pull and to embarrass him at home and the red
wings.
Oh my God.
Larry on of snaps around to Fedorov.
Somebody replied with Fedorov skating out to the all-star game.
Looking phenomenal.
When we post this on YouTube,
can you now put, can you now put in that video?
Nope, not legally.
That would be sick, though.
But just imagine it, folks.
Just imagine it in your brains.
It's just a great reply.
Federoff burying Wad, Montreux.
So he goes by a coach.
The coach is just staring at him, just fucking, just, what is the word?
Laser through his eyes. i can't even describe what
i'm trying to say just hate hate in his eyes and he walks by him and then he decides oh fuck him
he turns around he says and the president's sitting no glass back in that day imagine uh
i saw somebody sent a tweet imagine um shanahan sitting right behind Keith
no gas
it's crazy
so he says I'm out of here
well boys that moment
that changed 25 years ago
today or yesterday
now you guys are listening Thursday
that changed hockey history
because it changed the entire Colorado Avalanche
organization
trajectory he brought them their first Stanley Cup and it's five months later it changed the entire Colorado Avalanche's organization trajectory, right?
He brought them their first Stanley Cup, and it's five months later.
I said the next year.
It was the next year, but it wasn't the next season.
It was that season.
And not only does that happen, and then they win the other one,
and I mentioned in my tweet, Bork gets his cup.
Patrick Watt's still at the top of his game in 0-1.
I mean, that's six years or no
excuse me yeah six years after that deal from montreal not only just do they win the stanley
cups well that rivalry with detroit forms the greatest rivalry and i mean i already is going
to try during that stretch of time for sure those games oh my god remember the regular season game, February, like ESPN,
a team there, fight off the draw on the one,
just the history with the Lemieux hit on Draper, just everything.
And it all started on that day, 25 years ago,
when you embarrass the superstar.
You don't do that, especially to goalies.
They're mental.
The rivalry game videos, whenever they were going to be playing each
other there would be no goal scored it would just be all the scraps which nowadays not allowed and
one of the funnier moments though uh during that game when he ended up finally getting yanked and
the rest is history is is after he let in his like eighth goal he ends up like stopping a dump in
and then the whole crowd chants and he's putting his arms up being like yeah yeah
yeah i got it fuck all you guys i'm fucking out of here like my ball bag i gave you two cups now
i'm gonna go win another team two cups you fuckers so uh definitely uh one of the probably the one of
the craziest moments in nhl history the fact that the guy was even sitting behind the only thing
what made it better would have been if he would have took a sip out of his beer if he had one behind the bench.
And what a way to go out.
So what does that take me to next?
What the fuck have the Montreal Canadiens done since that?
Nothing.
Not much.
25 years, dude.
They haven't done shit.
And everyone who says the Montreal Canadiens is the greatest organization
in the NHL,
they won all those
Stanley Cups. They just got every
good player from Quebec.
I mean, hey, you're nasty. You're from
Northern Quebec. Come on down. Be a Canadian.
Maybe not Northern. Any kid in Montreal,
they got them all. There was
no draft. Of course they were going to win all
those Stanley Cups. The other
fucking teams had to go through. They had to draft draft players they had to fight for everyone throughout the provinces no
americans got a shot back then so i guess you could compare it to when uh like boston what was
the the old goat story isn't that what uh well no it was bambino of course the bambino yeah they
traded babe ruth the curse of the bambino so. So that's what you're comparing it to?
Yeah, kind of.
I think the Sox went...
Where did the Sox go, R.A.?
Why did I get the goat?
Why did the goat come to my head?
You might be thinking of the Chicago Cubs.
Oh, yeah.
I got it mixed up.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I'm like business brain filter.
R.A., speaking of Chicago,
I listened to the snake draft with the Chicago boys. Oh yeah eddie's dog walk yeah yeah uh i i i want people to go listen to
it all right i was i mean i had a good time listening to it some of your picks were so
perfect ra so perfect i think one of the questions was uh where you'd want to be in world history at
what moment would you did you wish you could be at world history and already picked uh living with the dinosaurs yeah yeah it was the
the dog walk uh bostoletti awesome dude he does a they do a snake draft they've had a bunch of us
characters from boston wanted it was five events you wish you could have attended one sports one
concert one u.s history one world history and one miscellaneous now those guys
some of them i think they're trying to like play to the audience a bit and get the audience votes
like i said the white socks dave like i don't give a fuck how they vote i just want to pick
what i think the best one is in the spot here so it was a ton of fun if you haven't seen it or
check it out by all means i like that i want in on one of those. Oh, I'm sure they'll have you. It's a lot of fun. I texted Eddie.
So, Biz, I picked for my concert, I picked the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival.
I know everybody talks about Woodstock.
Yeah, I would have said Woodstock.
Monterey Pop was in California during the summer.
It had better weather, arguably better music.
It was just three days of drug and debauchery in california
no mud no rain no running out of food it was just a grand old time um i know everybody probably
thought i would have picked bob buehler but i actually picked the rumble in the jungle ali
foreman in uh uh kinshasa yeah one of the most epic boxing matches of all time so i picked that
i like that one u.s history i picked um right after
prohibition was repealed so because when the whole country was getting drunk potty and for world
history i took like uh which is said being there before the dinosaurs got eradicated by an asteroid
just to see what uh you know dinosaurs like and my fifth one was miscellaneous was to be there the
first time somebody got stoned.
How were they?
Smoked it?
Ate it?
However they did.
Who looked at this bud on a plant and decided to do whatever they did with it and ended up stoned as a result?
Those are some great answers.
So you were given time to think about these?
Yeah, they do it in advance.
You had a couple of days, no?
Yeah, Eddie gives you what the categories are.
So I did some scouting and have my answers ahead of time i actually was given the option of the first pick overall which i know every whoever had it was probably going to take the miracle on ice
but i says if i take that then you know i ain't gonna pick again till like the 10th pick so i
actually took the fifth and sixth pick and granted none of those guys probably even heard of monterey
pop festival but i had to take it. I was thinking about sporting moments because obviously Miracle on Ice
was you guys all said.
It was no question.
That's where you'd want to experience sport was.
To be in the Canadian locker room in Moscow after Henderson scored
and was it 72 biz?
Is that the Summit Series?
Yeah.
Yeah, I know from my head. Yes, I believe it head yes i believe you're canadian too you should be embarrassed oh buddy my history pathetic that would be that would be
a moment in time to be that would be pretty sick or in the locker room when gretzky got uh five
goals to get 50 and 39 games is that good good stuff all right check it out check it out almost time to send it over to
pia mcguire uh just one thing for us today's interview is brought to you by boikies boikies
makes the most delicious air-dried beef called biltong think of a healthier version of jerky
with 30 percent more protein boikies biltong is often compared to a tender and flavorful slice
of high-end prosciutto with ingredients that you can pronounce like red wine vinegar,
toasted coriander, rosemary, and salt and pepper.
Boyke's Biltong is a snack you can count on to fill you up and not bring you
down. Made in the U.S. with USDA bottom round beef,
Boyke's takes pride in making the most portable, high-protein power snack.
Think of each two-ounce package as a perfectly seasoned five-ounce steak.
The only preservatives they use are vinegar and salt,
and compared to most jerky,
Biltong contains half the sodium and zero sugar.
You can buy Boyke's Biltong on their website,
www.boikeys.com, and Amazon.
Use the promo code biz25.
Not biz20, biz25.
Here's you getting 25 off your first order.
Follow them on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter at eatboikies
and support our buddy Timmy's excellent snack.
Boys, when we were in Charlestown, how many pounds of this stuff did we go through?
I love it.
Dummy it.
Dummy it.
Dummy it all week, all month, whatever.
And going back to that snake draft, I think I'd want to go back to when
the whole Jesus thing was going on.
Someone said that.
Oh, did they?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
R.A. got actually mad.
You got mad, R.A., a little bit.
Oh, at White Sox, Dave?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, he does that.
He tries to change the rules.
He said, oh, this is like if you were a fly
on the wall. And then he tried to pick
going back in time and preventing the coronavirus.
It's like, buddy, he's bullying this guy,
Biz. It was unreal. On his own
show. On his own show, he was
just giving it to him.
He picked going back to what?
See Jesus during the resurrection stuff?
White Sox Dave picked to stop
the corona, but no, Kyle picked the
resurrection and I bust his balls. I saw we're
doing fictional events now, you know, like
well, that's why I was
nervous saying it because now I'm going to get all these
atheists after me for crying out loud.
They asked already, are you an atheist?
No, I told him I'm an Irish
Catholic from Boston, but if you know the history
there, then you understand why I'm not too
keen on the old Catholic church these days.
So I'm not, you know, I feel like I
went through that so I can make fun of it. I'll
take the heat because I don't give a shit. You know,
I grew up in that environment so I can make fun
of it. So either way, it was
fun, man. And now with, yeah, I'll tell them
how about this answer?
The fucking Coliseum. Oh,
oh, shit. To see
anyone say the Coliseum no no i just want to see a
gladiator thing that's a good pull bitch you just won that draft i know fucking right hey front row
seats to see him go like patty wall walking by me fucking sipping on my beer because he's pissed
off he didn't get yanked after the lion bit his face off giving a thumbs down to his coach right in front of him
hey the team president sitting front row for my limbs getting ripped off
hey caesar hey caesar that was my last that was my last go in in rome i'm out of here
send me to Florence.
I'll fight a fucking lion and a
giant
snake.
Hey, you know what?
How about this one? Adam and Eve?
Oh, shit.
Imagine their sex, though. It'd be just terrible.
Gross.
Talk about Marge's bush.
Armando cheese. Disgusting. Oh, forsy everywhere. Talk about Marge's Bush. Armando cheese.
Wow.
Disgusting.
We went off the rails.
Let's go to Pierre.
Off the rails.
Absolutely.
We tried to grill this guy, but he stayed firm.
He didn't want to get canned.
Fuck, I know.
He's just, hey, this guy's a machine.
He doesn't hear any of the hate.
He's been doing it for years.
Let's go right now.
Pierre Maguire, thanks for joining the show.
Well, it's a pleasure to bring on our next guest. For the last 14 years, you know him from his work on NBC's NHL telecast. After several years of TSN up in Canada, prior to his
media career, he served as an NHL scout, assistant GM, head coach, and in 1991, he won a Stanley Cup
as an assistant with the Pittsburgh Penguins. He played at Bergen Catholic High School in Orodell, New Jersey,
then for the Hobart College Statesman in Geneva New York.
Thanks so much for joining us on Spitting Chicklets, Pierre Maguire.
It's awesome to be here.
I can't believe, Ryan, you look so young and Paul so invigorated.
It's awesome to be with you, gentlemen.
You really mean that, though, Pierre?
I do. I wish I had the same flow, Ryan, as you do.
Yeah, my flow, my brillo pad. I
will say everyone says I looked like I was 53 when I was 20, but I still look 53 at 37. So
I don't work. I don't like standing next to Biz. He's always got that glow on. So Biz, I just got
to take you down this. My relationship with Ryan Whitney goes back to when he played at Thayer
Academy. He was a freshman there and his defense partner was Brooks Orpik.
So that just to date us, to show, and I'll never forget
when he was drafted fifth overall by your Pittsburgh Penguins at the time,
and I'll always remember that.
So, yeah, I go a long way back with Ryan.
You know where everyone played.
It's absolutely insane.
We'll get into that later.
That was 1998 for everyone wondering at home.
Actually, the year before I won the Quebec Peeweebec peewee tournament it was still a hell of a run thanks for bringing it up
so i was gonna ask if we quizzed you would you know where everyone played junior or college
you think in today in the nhl you played for two junior teams okay let's hear it well one of the
last one was owen sound i know that well technically Pierre I played for
three because I went from North Bay to Saginaw I was there the last year oh stump the jump baby
yeah you got kicked out of place I should have put North Bay in there before you went to Saginaw
yeah well Pierre how are you decompressing after the longest season ever and all that time in the
bubble um you know what it's been great my son's playing junior hockey in british columbia so i was getting all the great
pictures from my wife as he and my son or she and my son took this cross-country trip in canada
which was good so that helped my daughter's a sophomore at dartmouth and she's not on campus
right now so i've been fortunate enough to have her home and i'm actually helping train her so
that's been good and when i have a little bit of time, I've been golfing too. So that's been a tough one. Nice. Nice. That's good to hear.
Are you still living in Montreal? No, we have a home a hundred miles North Ryan in Montreal,
but we sold our home in Montreal 11 years ago and moved to Connecticut.
That's how long ago I was at your house for dinner. Mark Reckie took me over.
Jordan Stahl, Sidney Crosby were nice enough to host us over there. I remember that,
but I guess that's dating myself.
Jesus Christ. You know what, Biz? I got to tell
you this story, and you guys, too, you'll like
it about Ryan Whitney. He's a
fashion... Ryan Whitney, boys.
Fashion aficionado,
and we're sitting around the table in our old
home in Montreal, and there have been some pretty
good stories told around that table. Brett's
has told a few, and Rick Talkett's told a a few and Scotty Bowman's told a few, just
name dropping, but we're there.
And Sidney Crosby sitting at the table as a young kid and Ryan Whitney says, why don't
you tell them about your house?
Why don't you tell them about your house?
And Sid goes, what do you mean?
He goes, well, you bought a pink house.
You have a pink house.
And Crosby was calm, cool and collected. And finally, at the end of the dinner, he goes, Whit, my house isn't house. You have a pink house. And Crosby was calm, cool, and collected.
And finally, at the end of the dinner, he goes,
Whit, my house isn't pink.
It's salmon.
And Sid was angry.
Was he pissed that you went?
I forgot about that.
So I always said he had a pink house,
and he would really argue it was salmon.
And then that night, he didn't give it back to me right away.
But I think saying it enough finally
grinded his gears hard enough.
Pierre, when you came on the scene for me and i just talked to him yesterday was when
dion finuff was playing world juniors and you've token the phrase double dion
sometimes you'd even drop a triple dion do you remember who he ran over uh no i don't it was
a russian it might have been over your mouth and i don't know it was a Russian. It might have been Ovir Malkin. I don't know. It was a Russian for sure.
He and Shea Weber were a dynamic duo on the back end for Canada
and that World Junior.
That was 2005 in Grand Forks, North Dakota.
But Dion was great.
You know, I'll tell you, this is a great Dion-Sid story.
When Sidney was 17 in the 05 World Junior, his draft year,
there was an indoor practice facility in Grand Rapids,
but it was underground.
It was deep.
It was about three floors deep.
And Brent Sutter, the practice got so intense
before the first Canada game that he had to stop it
because Phaneuf and Crosby just kept trying to kill one another.
It was unbelievable.
There was no media there except for my partner, Gordon Miller, and I.
But it just speaks to the intensity of both Dion and Sid at the time.
Two alphas that are playing in different leagues, and they're like, fuck this.
Like, we'll be teammates in about a week.
This practice is game on.
Pretty much.
Pierre, you look like quite the high school athlete here,
doing a little research for the show, a multi-sport athlete.
Well, when I came down from Canada to go to Burden Catholic it was actually to play football not to play hockey. I was really fortunate I
played for a living legend who I talked to just yesterday by the way Tony Karsich one of the
winningest coaches in New Jersey high school football history. I was so fortunate to play
there and the people that I met are still some of my best friends in sport.
You know, we lost two of my teammates.
It shows you as you get older.
I'm almost 60.
We lost two of my teammates over the course of this year, which was really unfortunate.
But those guys that I graduated with and played with, they're really, really proud of them.
I also played football or baseball and hockey there as well.
So I was fortunate.
I loved that school
was an amazing place Bergen Catholic High School in Martindale New Jersey and they still keep
popping out amazing athletes there yeah I played with a kid uh one of my good buddies roommate
freshman year BU Brian Miller I think he went to Bergen Catholic he's a drag spot on yeah he's a
oh this kid biz he was one of those defensemen that like nowadays he would play in the
nhl he was five i don't know 10 like just skated so well he got hurt in college but bergen catholic
we always used to tell him that's a football school that's where they just roll out sick
recruits every year pretty good so pia after um after college played hockey there what was your
next step after that i know you tried out for for the Devils and then you went overseas.
Take us through that journey.
Yeah, right after I graduated from college,
I was signed by a team over in Europe.
I went over and played there for a year.
And about halfway through that season, I don't know how New Jersey saw me play.
And I signed with New Jersey, came back and shacked up with the team,
never got in any games, and then went to training camp.
And back in those days, there was a rookie camp.
And if you were getting up at the rookie camp, you made the big camp.
And then you kept going and got to playing some exhibition games and things like that.
Stayed right to the end and got sent to the minors right near the end of camp.
And I knew at that time that Marshall Johnston, by the way, was the guy that was so great to me.
Along with David Conte, two phenomenal hockey people.
And Marshall just said,
we see you as being more of a minor league player than an NHL player.
We'd love to have you go play for us in the minors.
But I did not go.
I started my coaching career right away.
And six years after I left camp, I was coaching in the NHL.
How'd you end up climbing the ladder so fast?
I mean, next thing you know, you're assistant coach, and then you take over for  who'd you take over'd you end up climbing the ladder so fast I mean next thing you know
your assistant coach then you take over for who'd you take over for Holmgren yeah that was in
Hartford but I started in Pittsburgh and I'll tell you what happened is um I basically married the
game uh I lived I slept uh ate uh I skated I was in the rink all the time and Ryan will remember
there used to be a real top-end program in Boston
called the Europa Cup.
And we had players like Tony Amante and Keith Kachuk and Jeremy Roenick,
really elite players go through there.
Bobby Kellogg, who was a third-round pick of Chicago.
I can go down the line.
It was Sean McEachern.
Didn't Brian Leach?
Brian Leach probably.
Brian Leach was there 100.
So, Biz, I was helping run that camp in Boston,
and it was a whole summer thing.
And during the winter, I was coaching and recruiting all over North America.
And then I got a chance to go to St. Lawrence University,
and we had real good teams at St. Lawrence.
And then Scotty Bowman saw me and met me and interviewed me,
and the rest is history.
That's how it happened.
So, Biz, you're kind of not giving the whole story.
At least what I've heard is Scotty Bowman,
were you running practice at some point where Scotty Bowman
had a daughter at St. Lawrence, or he happened to be at St. Lawrence
and he went in the rink randomly and he really liked how you were running practice?
Is that true?
That is true.
That is a true story.
His daughter Alicia was actually recommended to go to St. Lawrence
by a legendary hockey coach, Mike Keenan, Ryan.
And Mike was Mike Keenan and Jacques Martin were teammates at St.
Lawrence university in Canton, New York, where Jordan Greenway, by the way,
plays for Minnesota wild. That's where he's from Canton, New York.
And Scotty watched the practice and he said, man,
I love what you just did there. If I ever go to the NHL,
would you come with me? And I said, yeah, are you kidding me?
And about four, we talked a lot.
Back then there were no cell phones.
And I would be on the phone with Scotty sometimes till 12,
one o'clock in the morning,
just watching Western games and breaking down strategy.
So that's basically how I got my start.
Ryan, you're spot on.
Was video a big thing back then?
It was for us in Pittsburgh.
It wasn't as big around the league as it is right now.
I'll never forget this.
Barry Peterson, who does a great job on Boston Bruins TV,
was one of our players in Pittsburgh during the 1991 run to the cup, Paul.
And I'll never forget him coming up to me after one of our team meetings.
I ran this thing for the late Badger Bob Johnson.
It was a breakdown of our next opponent.
And he grabbed
me he pulled me aside and said guys like you are going to kill the game and I said you know what I
agree with you it was just we were getting to the point where we're oversaturating the players with
information and it wasn't just verbal information it was visual information as well Biz and I think
you know that was really the beginning of it the 91 and 92 penguins are really
the beginning of video wow pia biz brought up the hotfix stem you only 32 years old now that'd be
young for today let alone way back in the day what was your level of nervousness going nervousness
going into that or did you have any oh I wasn't nervous at all because I knew the players um I
knew it was a rebuild at least it was supposed to be a rebuild I left Pittsburgh to go to Hartford because Brian Burke was going to be the general manager and Paul Holmgren was there,
somebody I really appreciated and respected for the way he played and the way he coached. And
Kevin McCarthy, who's now in Washington with Peter Laviolette, he was the other assistant.
So I wasn't nervous at all when Paul stepped aside and Brian left to go work for the NHL,
because I thought it was a five-year rebuild when I left Pittsburgh to go
there. Little did I know that after two years,
the team would be sold and Brian would have left. Paul was, you know,
going between managing and coaching. So it was a different situation,
but no, I wasn't nervous at all.
Unbelievable.
I know things maybe not were ideal. I know some of the players that,
that were there were, you know, had some things that they said to the media.
Were there any lessons you took from that experience at all?
We had one instance that I think really put a ronking wrench
into the whole situation.
We had some players go out in Buffalo after a real disappointing loss
in Washington two nights before.
Maybe there was some miscommunication.
Maybe there wasn't.
But six of them got arrested, and some of the assistants got arrested too,
and that wasn't very good.
So there was some miscommunication there.
And I think if I had to do it over again, I was kind of on an island by myself.
We would have probably handled it a little bit differently as an organization.
I would have handled it differently as a coach with the media.
Pierre, Sean Burke came on and told the story of, of course, you knew Jager had an illegal stick.
I don't know if it was for specifically the power play or something.
And it was late in the game when you guys were back at Mellon Arena
and you called the illegal stick on him.
And then Jager ended up coming out of the box and scoring
and then giving you the middle finger when he went by.
That's a true story, Viz.
And it actually happened in Hartford.
And Sean was our dealer.
We made this
tremendous comeback against the Penguins and it was an amazingly emotional game and we tied it up
late I think Patty Verbeek might have tied it up late and I you know obviously had coached Yager
I'd been part of the management team that had drafted Yager so I kind of skated a lot with
I was an assistant coach because you couldn't get them off the ice. So I knew he had an illegal stick and I went up to one of our cap.
I think it was Pat actually Pat for Beacon. I said, tell Carrie Frazier.
I think it was Carrie who was refereeing.
We want to measure a stick just before overtime because we had tied it up and
it was illegal.
And little did I know that Larry Murphy would do his virtual.
So high flip pass out of the zone.
Yager would come out of the box, get it out of midair,
and go in and score in a breakaway.
And he did give me the nice little salute.
That's the real Yager salute right there.
That was the real Yager.
It wasn't this.
It was something else.
But what a phenomenal talent.
And I'll tell you what.
Everybody talks about how great he was.
If he would have played in this league with no red line
and zero tolerance and obstruction, that guy would have shredded numbers If he would have played in this league with no red line and Europe tolerance
and obstruction, that guy would have shredded numbers.
He would have just shredded it. It was unbelievable how good he was.
What about those few years where he kind of, I don't know,
I guess maybe he's not given his best effort. I mean,
do you think he might've been maybe one of the top five greats?
I know as far as games played in goal score,
but it doesn't feel like maybe he could have done a little bit more as good as
he's been.
No, cause it was tackle football when he was in the apex of his career.
And I don't know how  it's the same with Mario.
And Ryan knows because you  and Paul, you know too.
When you're around Mario Lemieux, you know how great he was and is.
And, you know, Gretz, the same thing.
Just tackle football impacted the game back then.
Start players just had no opportunity to do very much.
And they were tackled.
I mean, you could tackle a guy and there was no penalty.
He was unbelievable back in those days.
So I think he squeezed every ounce of athleticism he could out of his body.
It's amazing looking back now, I think,
when you see people wanting to keep the red line in the game.
It's so much better now without it.
And just to look back and think how slow
it was compared to now it makes a lot of sense all right i'm cut i got crushed on that by the
way ryan i think you know that i was one of the real at that time i was just starting my media
career out he started that and probably calling for it in 1999 because we were in the dead puck
area we i'll give you an example in In 2004, this is an amazing story,
but in 2004, the Calgary Flames played the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Stanley Cup final.
It was a great final.
It went seven games and it was back and forth.
It was really good.
You had a Gimma fighting LeCavalier.
You had all kinds of stuff going on.
It was really, it was a great Sutter versus Tortorella,
really intense coaching matchup.
But here's the thing.
If you got the lead in any one of those seven games,
you never relinquished the lead. There was never a lead change once in seven games. And that's
because the red line was in and it was tackle football from the hash marks down on the goal
line. Is that true? The team who scored first never gave up the lead? 100.
Wow. And then it was all changed. And I remember the other year, a year or two after the hockey came back, I saw that game or that series. One of the games on TV, it was like a different sport. It was nuts really mad at us and there was somebody that still works in the NHL hockey operations office now said to me after they got that patch he says you better
hope that works because if it doesn't you're done that's what they told me he said you better hope
that works I said I better work well you're going into the media career and that side of it I mean
and you know you got out of coaching you weren't involved there anymore it's not often you see
somebody then goes into being in TV
or as long as you've been.
How did that all begin?
What was the origination of you being on TV?
Is origination a word, Biz?
I don't know.
Usually it's not talking up the words.
Let's go with it.
You can wear this one.
How did it all start, Pierre?
Well, it's a good story.
I was coaching St. Louis' farm team down in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Mike Keenan and Bob Berry actually hired me to coach that team in Baton Rouge, and I did, and I loved it. One of the guys that played for me there was Shane Knighty, and I pushed Shane as hard as I could to get him out of there. Eventually, he found his way up and made it to the National Hockey League and had a real nice career, so I'm really proud of Shane we had some other young men there that played really well and eventually made it up to the AHL and the IHL but yeah Mike and Bob put me in there for one year
I really enjoyed it but during that year I got a call from the Montreal Canadiens and it was a
legendary media man in Canada by the name of Ted Blackman and Ted said to me listen we have some
of the tapes of when you coached doing interviews, either pregame interviews or postgame interviews,
and we think you'd be really good at being a color analyst.
Would you have any interest?
And I said, I don't know.
I really like coaching.
I like being around the game,
and I still think I have another run in me as an NHL head coach.
And he says, well, when you're in Montreal over the summer,
why don't you stop by the studio?
So I did, and they gave me a test.
And at the end of it, they offered me the job. And I called up St. Louis, and I said, I'm going to take this job. And I did. And they gave me a test. And at the end of it, they offered me the job., along with Keith Pelley and Rick Chisholm.
I'm really grateful for the people at TSN and what they did for me.
And I'll always remember that time at TSN.
It was a phenomenal experience.
So your name's popped up for a few GM jobs.
Of course, you just mentioned you'd like to get back into coaching.
That fire obviously still burns.
Are you going to keep trying to get back in as far as management position or coaching?
You know what, Paul?
It's interesting.
I don't think you ever apply for those jobs.
People usually search you out and that's what's kind of happened in my
situation. I've never applied for any jobs. Owners will call you,
managers will call you, presidents of hockey operations will call you,
friends that you know, that might own teams in the league might call you,
but I've never applied for any of those jobs.
I'm really happy doing what I'm doing.
There's some that were really  I'll tell you the truth.
I was a runner-up to Marc Bergevin in Montreal.
That was heartbreaking.
That's my hometown.
But Marc's done a good job.
It's taken a while to get it back on the rails.
Probably the suits.
I think he wore a better suit to you than to the other guys.
Or the biceps.
Oh, yeah, I already
He's shredded.
And then the other one, and I think both of you being former Penguins
know it came down to Jimmy Rutherford
and myself for the job before
Jimmy took it and I was
really interested in that one but I've had
some other opportunities at jobs that maybe
just didn't fit properly but
we'll see but I like what I'm doing right now I really enjoy it
P.O. is media
something you thought about back in college or even during your NHl career or is it just the happenstance way it
happened you just described just described no i never thought about it not once honest to goodness
i never thought about it when mr blackman called me up and asked me to come and do this test i
said okay i'll do it just because i was intrigued by it but i had never even thought about it at all
i thought i'd do montreal for one year and go back and start coaching. And I was actually offered an assistant's job after my first year on,
in Montreal on the radio. And I turned it down. I just,
it wasn't the appropriate job for me. And I'm glad I did.
Cause all those coaches two years later got terminated.
They got the ax. Yeah. Hey, going back to, to,
to Pittsburgh when you were an assistant there, like,
was it hard for you as a,
as a young coach in the league
to approach some of these already superstars
in order to communicate to them as an assistant would have to?
Yeah, that's a great question, Paul.
We were fortunate because our older guys were Joey Mullen,
who was a tremendous hockey Hall of Famer,
Brian Trottier, who I spent a lot of time with,
Gordy Roberts, who was outstanding.
Those were most of our older guys, and they were great.
And Yuri Herdino, who we got in a trade to help Yarmir Yager,
whose English wasn't great at the time.
But the older guys were phenomenal because you could sit with them
and talk to them, and you didn't have to defend your turf.
They knew you were trying to help them.
So you make these tapes, and you'd show them, here's what we got,
and what do you think?
And rather than tell them what you want and what do you think and rather than
tell them what you want them to do feel out what they think they need to do and so I thought that
was really good but I learned a lot being a young coach there absolutely then you made the move from
TSN to NBC were you fired up to be working in the states I couldn't believe the opportunity I was so
grateful to Dick Ebersole and Ken Chanzerer, but in particular, Sam Flood, who's still there today.
Sam really helped create the inside the glass position.
That was his vision.
And I'll never forget at the 0-4 final between Calgary and Tampa,
Sam came up to me on the set.
It was Bob McKenzie, Gordon Miller, and I working for TSN.
And he said, do you think you could broadcast a game from between the benches?
I said, I know I can, but there's no way the league will ever allow it not a chance and he says
if you think you can do it you got the job but I'm just telling you we're going to get this done
then we had the lockout and then the next year we had it and that's when I started and that's
when Inside the Glass started. So did Jelena score that goal in game six? Because Calgary have won that in six?
The photo op sure looks like it, Paul.
But again, I can't tell because I can't tell from the picture.
But it sure looks like it.
Flames fans are going to hate your guts for not admitting that was in.
It hit that little area in between.
I think it crossed the line.
It sure did.
But blame hockey operations.
Don't blame me.
Okay.
Are you on social media at all, Pierre?
No, I never will be. Too many fake accounts. Don't blame me. Okay. Are you on social media at all, Pierre? No, I never will be.
It's too many fake accounts, no interest in it.
I watch too much tape.
My day usually starts at 5.30 in the morning,
usually finishes at about 12.30, 1 o'clock at night.
I'm either watching NHL games, I'm watching junior games,
I'm watching college games.
I'm at practices.
I try to help train kids.
So I don't have time for that.
I really don't.
You're watching games all day, every day.
All leagues, all leagues.
Yeah.
Wow.
I think one of the most important days of any NHL season is a draft.
And your partner, Biz, was part of the best draft in the history of the National Hockey League.
You're welcome, Whit.
And if you look at the players that were taken in the 03 draft and i'll give you an example look where cory crawford was taken look where patrice bergeron was taken look where shane
weber was taken look where david backers was taken you know you go down the line look where
cory perry was taken mike richards it's just it's a murderous role of players you know joe
pavelski was 205th in the 0-3 draft, Ryan.
Yeah, that's worked out all right.
He's the highest scoring American-born player ever for playoff goals,
Joe Pavelski.
205th pick in business draft in 0-3.
What do you make of the one they had to do basically via Zoom this year?
It's probably, I would say, because my son would have been eligible
for this draft through 2020.
He'll be eligible for next year.
I thought the 2020 draft was the next best since 03.
This is an outstanding draft.
Ottawa and Montreal really stole the day.
Ottawa did a phenomenal job.
So did Montreal.
Those teams are set up for five to seven-year runs.
They really are.
Tremendous draft.
Great draft.
You've been uh
doing the draft forever i mean in the playoffs all this everyone sees you constantly throughout
nhl seasons but after the draft or at the draft you know you're having to dissect picks you're
having to talk about certain guys who maybe you know things about like have you ever said things
that have really pissed people off about a guy whether it's dogging his pick or where he was
picked you know, where,
how he plays,
like how has it gone on with criticism from other people around the league
when you're around the game for 25 years?
Great question. And fair. Thank you.
Probably the one that got me in the most trouble was when the New York
Islanders took Robert Nielsen ahead of Zach Parise.
And that was in Nashville. That was part of the O3 draft.
And I'll, I'll be straight up with you.
I said that now you know
why some teams lose all the time
and why some teams win all the time.
And, you know,
that wasn't Robert Nielsen's fault
that he was taking his father,
Kent's a friend of mine.
His father was an amazing player
in the NHL, Kent Nielsen,
but it was a bad pick
and the Devils actually traded up to get Zach Parise.
So you knew right away that was a real smart pick by Lou,
and you can't even compare it.
So the next day, this is the story, right?
The next day I got on the plane, and there was Mike Milbury,
and he wanted to fight me in the first-class section of the plane.
What happened?
So he's going at you, and you you're saying i don't want to go yeah
eyeball me and give me the dirty look and you know i gotta give mike credit he's drafted some
real good players too like zidane ochara people have any trade bilberry's the guy that drafted
zidane ochara i mean you can go down and look mike's had some pretty good draft records he
really has but they missed on robert nielsen uh quick robert nielsen story i've told this one
before the player you mentioned oh this guy was so skilled but yeah against parisi no question He really has, but they missed on Robert Nielsen. A quick Robert Nielsen story. I've told this one before.
The player you mentioned, oh, this guy was so skilled.
But, yeah, against Parisi, no question.
You're right on that one.
But he would be so tired before games in Edmonton sometimes that I'd sit next to him or right near him in the room,
and after warm-ups, he'd be sitting there going, wake up.
Come on, wake up.
And he's slapping his legs telling him to try to wake up.
So that kid cracked me up.
He could play.
You know, he had serious talent.
You know, the one thing that I really like about Witt
is he played with a lot of good players like you did,
but I think one of the most underrated ones
might have been Ryan Nugent Hopkins.
Would he be, Ryan?
Yeah, that guy's awesome.
I mean, you could kind of tell
I don't think he'd ever be a 100-point guy,
although he was so good. I shouldn't even say that. He's
so nifty with the puck, and he's so
good defensively that there's a reason
Edmonton's had the growing pains. You talk
about what's going on, but that's not a guy you
want to get rid of if you're an Oilers fan.
I don't think anyone really ever has, or they
shouldn't have. No, he's a multi-dimensional
weapon. What blows me away is he can play center,
he can play wing. With Kyle Turris going there. Now they're starting to insulate their forward
position. And I know you guys are probably having different selections. Who's the best player in the
league. McDavid's probably the best player off the Russian league. And Nathan McKinnon is probably
the best power player in the league, but that Leon dry signals pretty damn good too. I mean,
you look at how good
edmonton's forwards are it's pretty scary what do you think of the oats i know that your name was
popping up for this job what would you have what would you be doing differently uh i don't know if
that's fair for me to say this but i would say this is that they've got a lot of heavy lifting
to do they put themselves in this salary cap purgatory they're trying to clean that up i
respect that they've got a new ownership group They're trying to clean that up. I respect that.
They've got a new ownership group that's trying to stimulate some energy in their community.
I think Billy Armstrong go in there and do a nice job coming out of St. Louis.
You know, obviously, they had a little bit of a fumble at the draft this year.
They're going to have to fix that.
But this is probably a four to six year retooling.
It's going to take some time for them to get it going there.
No question. Yeah, I know you want to bring oh sorry go ahead all right i was it was with the coyotes not necessarily about them but your analytics quote raised some eyebrows not on
this show but in other quarters did you get any uh terry worded emails from the analytics community
all i don't care the truth of the matter is when i watch the tampa bay lightning play this year
and i'm watching yanni gordon i'm watching Yanni Gord, and I'm watching Blake Coleman,
and I'm watching their grinding guys get after it,
I'd like to see their analytic equation.
I can tell you another thing, too.
In 2011, when the Boston Bruins won the Stanley Cup
and they had to win a game seven on the road,
Danny Paia, Gregory Campbell, and Sean Thornton delivered the goods.
I'd like to see where their analytic numbers were in their courses were and
ask the Tampa Bay baseball team.
If they'd like a redo on whether they pull their picture or not based on
analytics versus the LA Dodgers. So that's where I stand.
So, so what did you make of the whole Chica situation leaving? I mean,
that was kind of a shock to everyone.
I'm sure you guys had an opinion on that as well.
I didn't cause I didn't know John that well.
I'm really bullish on Rick Talkett.
I think Rick Talkett and Phil Howsey are two of the better coaches in the league.
I really mean that.
And I think they're really going to help Arizona.
I was surprised John McClain didn't stay on that staff.
I watched that staff coach in Edmonton,
and I did a bunch of their games over the last couple of years.
And I think the coaching staff is one of the real strengths of the coyotes is,
but I didn't know John Chayka very well at all.
So I really couldn't have.
All right.
We'll delete that question.
This is just looking for stir the pot a little bit.
I respect that,
but drag into the mud.
Let's go.
Do I get in the mud?
Pierre,
let's go,
buddy.
Roll around.
Yeah.
Wednesday early. You should think we're gonna have hockey back Pierre uh if we can get a vaccine and it can get distributed properly
probably sooner rather than later but it's great to see that the Big Ten's gonna start on November
13th and 14th I'm really excited for those games and it's great to see that hockey is gonna start
at the end of November and that there's gonna to be a bubble in Grand Forks, North Dakota and Omaha, Nebraska, so we can get some hockey going out west.
The B.C. Junior League is playing right now, which is exciting. So is the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
I would say NHL is probably looking anywhere from January 15th to February the 1st, I would hope.
I mean, that's what I'm hoping. What about no hitting in the O? What do you think about that?
You know what, Ryan? I watch a lot of games, as you know, and one of the things I'm seeing in the BC Junior League,
which I think is really cutting edge, what they do is they allow you to engage in a hit,
but once a scrum situation ensues on the boards or in the goal crease, they'll blow the whistle
after about one Mississippi, almost two seconds, and then you have to disengage and the face-off comes.
But if you continue to engage, they'll give you a 10-minute misconduct.
They won't make you shorthanded, but they'll give you a 10-minute misconduct.
But I can tell you there's some hits, some big open ice hits too in that league.
But it's when it gets into confined areas, Ryan,
is when they really blow it dead.
So I think they can make that transition,
but they're going to have to figure out how they're going do it along the boards that's the one thing it sounds like it's trending
towards actually being a major if you breathe on someone that was back in the day at least
fighting you'll get to stand they'll be worrying about the breathing too much you know this is the
other thing too in bc they started with half shields when the season started.
And after the first weekend, they put full bubbles on all the players.
So I know it's a little bit different.
It's like when you play college, right?
Little bean pod action.
The old bird cage.
It'll be like American Gladiators when you got to jump in that ball
and just fucking roll around to score goals.
Exactly.
Fucking hamster wheel, right, Pierre?
Pierre, are things getting a little soft for your liking
as far as a league standpoint?
I know the concussion issues came up,
but sometimes you see these borderline hits
and they're slowing them down and you're like,
holy fuck, let the guys play a little bit.
I think they need to let them play.
When I watch Barkley, Goodrow, Blake Coleman, or Yanni Gord,
I talked about them before, Paul, how they can influence a game.
Those guys are really important. I think the one thing one thing though and I'll say this in defense of
Ryan it became real hard when it became zero tolerance and obstruction and no red line on
defensemen and I think like quarterbacks defensemen need to be protected a little bit so I'd like to
see just a little bit of a hold up but I would tell you one thing when Ryan Reeves is breathing
down your neck and he hits you, it hurts.
It hurts.
Like there are guys in the league that when they hit you, it hurts you.
So there's some big guys that are big physical presences out there,
but is it as rough as when you played?
I would say no, it's not.
Well, recently retired legend, Doc Emmerich.
I mean, you guys teamed up for a long time.
You got to talk a little bit about him right when you met him like and his preparation but were you guys going out to
dinner on the road I mean you guys good friends away from the arena how was your relationship
and what did you think about him saying goodbye some of the best times I worked with Doc were
between uh two o'clock in the afternoon and five o'clock at night because we'd be sitting in the
green room at the rink just by ourselves,
preparing our notes and talking about different hockey scenarios.
And his mind is just like a steel trap and it's phenomenal.
He's the ultimate wordsmith. He was an amazing partner.
Worked with him for 14 years, did Olympics with him in Torino, Italy,
Vancouver, Sochi, and even London at the summer Olympics,
we did water polo together.
Just a phenomenal human being.
Learned so much from him in terms of how to prepare for games
and create notes on different players and storylines.
And, you know, he's the king.
There's only  I think there would only be one other broadcaster in hockey
that could be comparable to him, and it would be Danny Gallivan.
I really mean that. Not Bob Cole was great Bob was great for and Bob had the
longevity over 80 years of age but you know doctored teams doctored doctored a lot doctored
teams doctored national same for Danny Danny did Montreal forever and he did the national forever
you know Bob was just on the national side so a a little bit different. You did water polo?
I did.
I'd done water polo at London, Rio, and I was supposed to be in Tokyo last summer.
How did that happen?
And that's Katrina Yakupov out of the Moscow Academy of the Water Polo Junior League,
coached by Arasov Nakarov.
What's amazing about water polo, how similar it is to hockey,
and how great the American women are.
The American women are off the charts good.
They are off the charts good.
I'm just telling you.
And probably, I would say, on a women's water polo team,
I'd say 80 of them are major hockey fans.
Major, major hockey fans.
Well, that sport is impossible.
It's impossible.
Because you're actually getting physical in the pool,
and you're trying to tread water.
RA would be done after one shift.
Done.
One of the coolest things is going to watch the men train
from the Eastern bloc countries
the former eastern bloc countries so watching the serbians or watching the montenegro players
or watching the players uh from croatia they take these 25 pound um weight balls medicine balls
medicine balls and the guys are in the pool in the deep end and the coach is like launching at
their heads they got to catch it without touching the bottom and throw it back and they're doing this for like two and three minutes at a time it's amazing to
watch them condition themselves it really is yeah i want to ask about the referee and i i thought it
was pretty decent this year's playoffs i thought they called it sort of regular season style but
it struggled the last couple years you think there are any flaws in the process from bringing guys up
to the nhl maybe too too many I don't know uh nepotism
politics any of that stuff no you know one of the best things that happened for me in the bubble
this year I lived with all the importance what's that oh I said Tim Hortons Tim Hortons was free
yeah it was good yeah it was good that was one of the things but uh I lived with the officials
for nine weeks and I got to train with the officials every day, got to see how professional they were.
I knew them all facially, but I didn't know them as people.
Cause you just, you don't run with them. You're in the city,
you're out of the city, you're doing the game, you leave the game.
They stay at one hotel, you stay at another,
but I got to spend time nine weeks with a lot of these guys.
And I respect their professionalism. I respect how they carry themselves.
Some of them are former prison guards.
Some of them are former undercover policemen. Some of them are just walk the beat kind of policemen i mean just phenomenal guys i respect them so much and i think this year's playoff was
phenomenal i thought the officials were just off the charts good in the playoffs this year
and just to clarify i'm not picking on the refs i know they have a tough job and they do a great
job it's more about the product he's the best young official chris rooney's right up there he didn't
make the final but there there are a whack of really good young officials coming along really
really good officials one other thing i want to ask what about the hockey hall of fame process
you're a part of that committee as well right i'll never forget three years ago when lanny
mcdonald called me i thought it was a gag I was like are you serious are you putting me on is this like a candid camera thing he goes no Pierre it's Lanny I'm being
serious you've been nominated and we'd like to have you on the Hall of Fame selection committee
I'm like I'm in where do I sign up and I sent him a long note just to make sure it wasn't a gag and
he sent one back to me and I'll never forget the first meeting It's an amazing thing to be a part of. Lanny and John Davidson do such an amazing job running it.
The people on the committee, their process of being prepared is just amazing.
And the debates are phenomenal.
They really are.
And you can learn so much in those meetings.
It's great.
I'm just so proud to be part of that committee.
Other than that, what were you doing inside the bubble?
I'd imagine that was a tough experience being away from the family that long that was one of the most difficult
things i've ever done paul in my career i'll be honest with you um the best part about it was
hanging with the referees training every day um spending a lot of time with the fit not officials
from the league but general managers or coaches or spending time at practice working with Kenny Albert and Johnny
Forslund was phenomenal those guys were great so you know again I was grateful for the friendships
that I made and the people that I knew over time but it was a different experience and I'm not sure
it could ever be replicated as well as it was in Toronto and Edmonton I I realized what the
players went through and I respect them so much.
Unless you were through it, you have no idea how hard it was.
It was amazingly difficult.
I actually want to jump back to the Hall of Fame for a second.
I'm one of these guys who's probably been critical about it,
and I know it's not easy to whittle down that list,
and you've got guys on it for a long time,
but does it not skew a little too Canadian at times?
I mean, we've got Europeans who get shut out, guys down the stage who don't get in for a long time but does it not skew a little too Canadian at times and I mean we've got Europeans who get shut out guys then the states who don't get in for a long time and then you know 18 20
years a guy gets in who wasn't good enough for 18 years and all of a sudden he gets in now how
no I don't think it skews American Canadian European at all I think it skews with the best
presentations and I'll give you an example not this past spring but the spring before Jerry York
the legendary coach out of Watertown, Massachusetts,
who started his career at Clarkson university goes to Bowling Green ends up,
you know, still coaching at Boston college. He's a dear friend of mine,
Jerry York's in the hockey hall of fame. And trust me when I tell you,
he had been nominated before and he didn't get in. So I just look at that.
I look at Joey Mullen getting in. You know,
I think they're going to be a whack of U.S. women Olympians
that are going to get in pretty soon here.
So, no, I don't think it skews towards Canada.
I think it's really balanced.
And I'll tell you what, some of the Europeans we have
and Russians we have on the committee,
you should hear how they fight for their countrymen and their domain.
So, no, it's really an awesome experience.
What about Mogilny, though?
Mogilny just screams Hall of famer to me.
Well, you know what?
There's been some interesting discussion about Alexander.
There've been, he's, you know, there's only so much I can say, right.
I can't say too much. It's a very difficult.
I'll get that truth serum in you.
The pink Whitney. Yeah, exactly.
You had Pronger in Hartford.
Did you think you'd end up in the hall of
fame when you had him then 100 um i'll give you a story that probably hasn't been out there i'll
never forget after we drafted uh chris and this was brian burke that did and brian did a masterful
job with the draft in quebec to organize it so that it was a three-way deal with san jose calgary
and hartford and eventually we ended up getting San Jose's second pick overall.
And we gave them the fifth pick overall, I think, or the sixth.
It's fifth or sixth.
But there were players involved too.
Makarov was one of the players that was involved in that deal.
But anyway, to make a long story short, we got Pronger,
and Brian left to go to work for the league.
And I was sitting in the coach's office with Paul Holmgren
and Pierre Pag from the Quebec Nordiques called and they were in our division the old Adams division
he said uh would you be interested in trading Chris Pronger because we couldn't get him signed
at that point we're like not a chance and I won't tell you some of the names he threw on the table
to us but we were like whoa that's really that's appetizing we may not have to think about this
but we never did it.
And I remember after we signed him,
I was talking to Patrick Morris and Donnie Meehan,
who represented Chris.
And I remember saying, he's going to get in the Hall of Fame.
I mean, it's just a matter of whether he can stay healthy enough.
That's how good he was.
You knew right away.
He's Canadian too, so.
I don't know if he still is.
I think he's a dual citizen now.
There you go.
Sorry, that was a layup.
I know numbers aside, this is a question I ask people.
Who's a better passer, Adam Oates or Wayne Gretzky?
I know it might sound stupid to people.
No, they were really different.
Gretz was really good at creating separation for himself,
but he could hold the puck longer in the neutral zone.
If you broke down enough
tape on adam adam was a right hand shot that used to attack your right defense or come down the left
wing because he was so good on his backhand and he really liked to do that so what we would always do
from pittsburgh's perspective especially in the old boston garden where it was smaller we'd always
attack with our left defenseman and try to pinch him off down that side to take away his time and
space remember the red line was in so our defense could really step up and try to pinch him off down that side to take away his time and space. Remember, the red line was in, so our defense could really step up
and cheat down on him, and we would lock that lane with a left winger.
So I would say Gretzky was still a bit better passer,
but I'll tell you what, Oates was phenomenal on his back end.
He had that little short play, and he was really, really good with it, boy.
He was excellent at it.
I think we've brought this up a few times on the pod about the Pittsburgh days and how they vetoed uh Scotty Bowman out of practice now
obviously you're around for that had you ever seen anything like that in your life and what
did you guys do as assistants well I'll never forget the day that it happened um we were in
Calgary we were staying at the Marriott Hotel in downtown Calgary. And we were there two days before our game.
And I got a call to go up to the general manager's office at the time.
It was a suite, but his office on the road.
It was Craig Patrick.
And Craig just said, Scotty's not going on the ice anymore for practice.
And you guys will run it.
And Pierre, you just be the guy with the whistle.
So that's how we did it for the whole year.
And I'll tell you one thing.
He may not have been on the ice for practice, but that's his team.
He ran that team, Scotty Bowman.
He was unbelievable.
And on the bench, he won us a first-round series against Washington.
We were down three games to one in that series.
We had to win games five and seven on the road biz.
And it was all because of Bowman and his brilliance
and Mario Lemieux and his eloquence meeting with the players.
And it was Scotty that turned them loose with the players. It was a phenomenal of Bowman and his brilliance and Mario Lemieux and his eloquence meeting with the players. And it was Scottie that turned him loose with the players.
It was a phenomenal, phenomenal thing.
And it just showed you how intelligent Scottie Bowman was at the time
and still is.
He's 86 years old right now, Biz, and he could still coach an NHL team.
I'm telling you right now.
Unbelievable.
They couldn't handle his mean streak nowadays, Pierre.
What do you mean?
No, you know, one of the best parts about him, right, is he changed with the times. They couldn't handle his mean streak nowadays, Pierre. What do you mean?
No, you know, one of the best parts about him, right,
is he changed with the times.
If you talk to the players that he coached in St. Louis in the late 60s and then talk to his players that he coached in Montreal through the 70s
but until his last year, 1979, when they beat the Rangers
in the Stanley Cup final, or talk to his players in Buffalo
through the 80s, or talk to his Pittsburgh and Detroit players in the 90s and 2000s.
They'll all tell you the same thing.
They'll tell you he was a winning coach, but his atmosphere around the team
was different in every single era.
It was unbelievable how he changed with the times.
You're a guy who's, like you said, you're watching games,
but you're also doing radio hits on TV.
How many radio hits are you doing a week?
Because I see you on every station in every city I'm in.
I do about, let's see, Ottawa, Montreal, Toronto, NHL, Vancouver, and Pittsburgh.
So, you know, a lot.
That's every week, huh?
Montreal and Ottawa are every day, and they've been that way for over 20 years.
You've got to have some sort of escape.
What do you do besides hockey?
There's got to be something.
I like to golf.
I like to golf a lot.
I like to be a dad too, Biz.
Being a dad's a cool thing.
I like to watch my daughter row.
I like to help my son train or my daughter train.
I like being a dad too.
It's a neat thing.
Do you ever have the times, because you're talking about the entire league.
I know I do where it's like, Oh boy,
I don't know that much about that team right now.
Are you able to just be grinded in and into all 31?
I think you try to grind it in all 31 and you try to, you know,
one of the ways I start my day is you break down depth charts of different organizations.
That's how I usually start my day.
Nice scone and some depth charts.
So that's how I try to start my day, Ryan.
And I watch, like I said, I watch a ton of games.
One of the best things that's ever happened to hockey is hockey TV.
Hockey TV is awesome.
It's really good.
So if you want it and you want to watch a lot of games get hockey tv it's a great tool pia will we see mike babcock
behind an nhl bench again and if so when oh i think so mike's a tremendous coach uh and i think
mike learned a lot one of the best talks i ever had with a coach that got fired was ken hitchcock
and he's been fired more than once and ken's one of the better coaches you've had in the league over the last
25 years. I'll tell you that.
And one of the things that Ken told me that I really respected is when you
get fired, you have to have this discussion with yourself.
And you have to look in the mirror. What'd you do right?
What'd you do wrong?
What can you make better and what do you really need to focus in on going
forward? And if you have that honest conversation with yourself,
I think you become a better coach because you learn.
And I think Mike has had that conversation with himself.
I've been around Mike at the Vancouver Olympics, the Sochi Olympics,
obviously the Stanley Cup Finals.
Whit played in 08 when they lost to Detroit.
And Paul, you know that as well.
And then obviously 09 when he won in Detroit.
So I've been around Babs for a lot of big moments.
And he's a tremendous coach.
And I do think he'll be back.
I do.
I know we don't know when it's going to stop.
But whenever it does, do you have a potential Cinderella for the next season?
Those New York Rangers are going to be good.
Long term, I think Ottawa is going to be really good.
Ottawa Senators have really done a nice job
in terms of stockpiling young talent.
They're really aggressive, I thought,
in free agency this year.
They've developed, they've got a real good coach
down in Belleville, Trent Mann,
who's done some really good things
with their program down there.
I think Ottawa's a team to watch long-term,
but Cinderella this year, Vancouver, man,
I'm telling you, I know they lost Haniff and I know they lost Markstrom,
but I would tell you getting Nate Schmidt was huge for them.
Getting Holtby was huge for them.
Thatcher Demko is a real deal.
I know Whitney doesn't like him because he went to BC,
which would be you, guy.
But I'll just tell you, Vancouver is going to be really dangerous,
really, really dangerous.
I got one for you.
It's more of a quiz.
Toronto forward Jimmy Veazey, second generation NHL-er.
Where did his dad, Big Jim, go to high school?
I think he went  did he go to St. John's Prep?
Or did he go to Archbishop Williams?
I stumped Pierre.
There you go.
But here's one for you.
Ask him who won in the 1986 ECAC final between Merrimack and Babson.
He was on the Merrimack team. I was coaching at Babson. I know who won in the 1986 ECAC final between Merrimack and Babson. He was on the Merrimack team.
I was coaching at Babson.
I know who won.
Big Jim knows who won, too.
We did.
Talk on that one.
Yeah, Big Jim put them on the map.
Nobody really knew who Merrimack was.
Big Jimmy Vesey was an amazing player.
He's scouts for Toronto right now, and he's an outstanding hockey man.
I'll tell you what.
I go to all these prep school games in Boston when I'm around with watching the ISL where you used to play,
and Jimmy Vesey's at all those games.
He's a phenomenal, phenomenal hockey guy.
He's the best.
Christopher Columbus alumni, by the way.
There you go.
All of them.
Charlestown guy.
There you go.
There you go.
Not to be a little Debbie Downer,
but I think you took a step back this year on NBC's team.
You've been doing it forever, and then in the finals,
I believe it was Brian Boucher.
You're still on with the team.
Was it hard getting that news?
Or how did that all go down?
I don't even know.
You maybe have wanted it.
No, it's just one of those things where you're part of the team and things change.
And I was doing the West and Brian was doing the East.
And he was doing it mostly with Eddie Olchek and Doc Emmerich.
And I was out West.
I've been out West the last two years. And it's been great.
It's been awesome. So when you're part of the team you take the role that the gm gives you you don't want to
be part of the team don't take the role exactly so and and you know you're you're not old by any
means do you know how long you want to do this or you just kind of take it year by year as long as
they want me to keep doing yeah so you like making that money pierre you like getting that bag i like
i like being in the rink man i just like being in the rink, man. I just like being at the rink.
You know what? At some point,
maybe I'll go back and work. I don't know, but
this has been an amazing ride,
and I love doing it. I really do.
Yeah, like this said,
we occasionally see a name pop up in certain
columnists in certain paragraphs.
How come it sporadically pops up every time
there's a job open? Do you think GM's
leaking this stuff to writers, or are they just pulling out a thin air? Why do you think that name pops up a time there's a job open. Do you think like GM's leaking this stuff to writers or are they just pulling
out of thin air? Why do you think that name pops up a lot?
Sometimes owners do it too, you know,
trial balloons to see whether they want it or not. You know, there's,
there's lots of reasons why, but I don't know. I take it as a compliment.
And the one thing I can tell you,
and this is for the young hockey people out there,
anytime you get asked to interview and if you prepare properly for the
interview, it makes you better at whatever job you have.
So any interview opportunity that you get, take it.
Take it.
It's not a knock on your employer that you currently have.
It'll only make you better in the job that you're doing.
So if you really do a severe breakdown and a deep dive on a team that offers you or asks you to be a GM candidate, do a deep dive on that team and you'll be fascinated how much you can learn
that maybe you wouldn't have learned before.
That's awesome. Well, Pierre, we thank you for coming on, man.
We'll get you on again as well. And yeah, fucking keep going.
I can't believe how big you guys have become. And I got to tell you this,
I'm so proud of both of you, but the biggest thing,
and this is all the young kids that I see in the ranks,
everybody's listening to spit and chiclets. Everybody.
Thanks so much for joining us. Take care. It's a pleasure being with you.
Take care. Thank you. Likewise.
Just want to send a huge thanks to Pia McGuire for coming on with us.
I know a lot of people are asking for us to bring them on for a while and he
didn't disappoint. Whether you agree, disagree, or indifferent,
I thought it was a highly entertaining interview,
and hopefully you folks enjoyed it as much as we did doing it.
First off, we want to also mention most guys have tried different ways to last longer.
But as boring as it is, thinking about CBAs and MOUs and force majeures
don't always cut it.
Well, the folks at Roman, an online men's
health company, are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer lasting sex. Roman
Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed. They're effective, easy to use, and fast
acting, and they don't require a prescription. That's the best part. Roman can ship swipes to
you in discreet, unmarked packaging, and each swipes packet is
small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it. They're super easy to use. You just
take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to go. That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets. You get your first month of swipes for just 5
when you choose a monthly plan. It's money well spent.
One more time, that's getroman.com slash chicklets.
Check that stuff out, boys, and it works.
Boys, can I play you my buddy Gary's imitation of R.A. opening up the show?
Oh, my goodness.
You called me one time, and you had him do it live
i legit thought i was listening to a recording of ra all right boys let's have a good show guys three
two one hello everybody welcome to episode 304 spit and chiclets presented by pink whitney from
our friends at new amsterdam vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Let's check in with the boys.
Let's throw it to Mikey G down in New York City.
How's everything in New York, Mikey?
I think it's pretty fucking good, to be honest.
Unbelievable.
It's got the script out there.
Shout out Gary in Philly.
Shout out Gary.
Oh, shit. One of the big drops that happened since we've been gone, Adidas.
They dropped their reverse retro jerseys.
I blogged about it on Boston.
We've got a little bit of grief for it.
I was having a little tongue-in-cheek fun.
I thought personally, I thought some of the shirts were ones we've seen before.
Like, I wrote a bunch of teams like Oilers, Flyers, Red Wings, Panthers.
Those are like versions of shirts we've already seen.
I know they, you know, changed the pipe in or the neck or whatever,
but I had some fun goofing on it.
What was your take on these things?
I got to bring up something else, all right, before we get into them.
Keith Yandel, did you get his message?
Where did he send it to me?
Oh, I think he sent it to you on Instagram.
I did not get it, no.
So, all right, look., I got questions for you.
Keith was rattled.
He's pissed.
He's pissed.
He said that in your blog, you mentioned you were kind of shitting on the league
for doing it and saying something about making people spend their money.
Was that true?
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
I said the NHL knows the quickest way to increase hockey-related revenues
to drop yet another team Jersey.
Okay.
So what he said to you and he said,
I had to ask you is he wrote to you and said,
what's the difference between that and you selling merch on barstow on
spitting chiclets.
Nothing.
I mean,
it's all about revenue.
We're all here to make,
make money.
I mean,
I was just,
you know,
I wasn't criticizing.
I just said,
Hey,
if the league needs to make some money criticizing, I think he I wasn't criticizing. I just said, hey, if the league needs to make some money.
I think you thought you were criticizing.
No, no, no.
No, it's all part of the game.
I mean, everybody, we're all here to, you know,
ultimately pay our bills at the end of the day.
I just said, hey, the quickest way to do it is to drop these jerseys.
Now, I think they already had them planned well in advance.
But, yeah, and to be clear, I wasn't criticizing the design.
I just thought some of the jerseys looked
familiar and if you were a fan of those teams you could have gotten a jersey that looked very much
like those already that's all i wasn't like really shitting on anybody yeah i didn't think
so to hop into ra's defense i felt like some teams didn't just they like didn't participate
in the group project it's like the Wings haven't had it bad enough.
Well, okay, so to their defense,
they've been fairly traditional with their jersey where they haven't changed it at all really much throughout the years.
Now, a team like the Islanders,
the fact that they didn't go back to the Islander dude is fucking nuts.
And then four days later,
Herschel drops like a collaboration with the Islanders dude where I'm like Lou Lamorello is fucking trolling us all.
There's a few other examples of teams like you mentioned the Oilers where I feel like they didn't really go.
Like, why wouldn't they have done that?
Like the oil drop or something that they changed throughout the course of time where like, listen, I'm not just pumping their tires. Cause I know there has.
Now, if you're not, if you're listening to this,
wit just showed up in the throwback Pittsburgh.
This is my old draft Jersey. Oh, two.
You got to talk into the mic wit.
How fresh is this Jersey?
It's unbelievable. I really like Pittsburgh.
Some people were very critical of it,
but i love
when they do the the the letters across like that kind of like how the rangers used to do it um
i thought i thought the quebec nordiques and avalanche collaboration was awesome of course
i love the the whalers one so it's hard to really knock that one and they changed up the colorway a
little bit but but all right in a sense with your comment as far as jacking up like or trying to get the hockey
related revenue going i felt like probably 10 of the teams where it was like that's all you could
fucking think of this is supposed to be for fun and supposed to be to like sell the game and some
teams just did not do a very good job of it detroit was an example that people
use to their defense very difficult given their circumstance as far as what they've done in the
past some other teams did not have an excuse for this they did not other examples ra that you would
use of teams who like needs to go outside the box a little bit islanders i said the islanders when you went and put on your pittsburgh jersey as the prime example of not using that dude who else did you have i i
said what on the blog biz i said um what am i missing here and i wrote oilers ranges blackhawks
predators red wings panthers lightning maple leaves devils islanders flames and flies and again
it's not the criticism of the jerseys. It's just that, you know, basically it looked like someone put an assignment
off to the last minute and then handed it an old draft
with a few paragraphs moved around.
That's the way I felt.
And a few jersey fans were like, oh, you don't like these Christmas colors?
I'm like, no, I love the jersey, the New Jersey jersey with the green and red.
But you could have bought it, you know, three months ago or three years ago.
It's not like necessarily new. We're in agreement, Biz. They could have bought it three months ago or three years ago. It's not necessarily new.
We're in agreement, Biz.
They could have tinkered a little more.
Okay, I wasn't as critical of New Jersey.
Detroit's practice jersey was by far and away the worst.
I'm sorry if I missed that when I was getting my jersey on, my draft jersey.
Which ones did you guys pump their tire?
Because I don't want to repeat, but can I give you my so i'll go top five i'll say king i've changed it up a little bit throughout the
whole launch i would say kings would be on it i would say for sure the coyotes would be on it and
that's not being biased i actually really like the jerseys uh the the nordique avalanche one um i'm gonna hand it over to you before i give my
last two yeah i got no particular order i got no particular order the blues definitely in my top
five i think those are sick i just remember when gretzky's on the team with those unis i love those
i i actually also couldn't agree more about the Quebec Nordiques
The Avalanche, that sick look
Man, I like the one I'm wearing
Because I think of Mario and I think of Jager
And just dominating everyone
These jerseys were
Actually mid-90s, I guess
I wonder what year this is from
What year are they from, or does it differ?
Yeah, there was some time in the 90s So I got Pittsburgh Sent to me, Jen, my girl Jen Belano I wonder what year this is from. What year is it already? Sorry. What year are they from? Or does it differ? Oh, yeah.
There was some time in the 90s.
Yeah.
So I got Pittsburgh sent to me.
Jen, my girl Jen Bellano, thank you so much.
I should know the exact year, but it was the day Wyatt was born is when this jersey came.
So I'm just putting it on for the first time.
Florida's is awesome.
Florida's is like when they went to the little, they got swept.
They got swept the year 96 by Wah.
I like the Wah group. by Wah. I like them.
Uwe Krupp.
Uwe Krupp.
I like those.
Those are sick.
And the other one that I wanted to shit on,
the Canucks look like the team that's in the tournament
that every team's going to beat 9-0.
You know?
They come in.
The kids, half of them got rec specs on.
The other half are studying and waiting for the games in between games.
We're all playing mini hockey at McDonald's at the mall.
So that jersey sucks.
The other one, Montreal's is sick.
You like the blue, eh?
Oh, fuck.
Montreal's is right up there.
I put the Capitals in my top five.
I like the Capitals throwback one and if i had
to throw one other team in the mix what i think i think you've swayed my opinion on the on the
blues one and i i'll give i'll give the ducks credit on the fact that they went really different
i just felt personally it landed flat for me it just i liked it i think it'll look good on the
guy once they're flying around.
If their team's good and they're buzzing it,
imagine that jersey just shit-kicking you 5-0 at the pond when they won it.
The Yotes is awesome, too.
The Yotes is top five as well.
I don't love the Yotes because, I don't know, the purple,
although I like the Kings purple.
The Yotes is definitely like a modern look where I think they'll sell a ton of
jerseys.
The mescal and mutt.
That's what I called them in the blog.
Biz.
The shark,
the sharks have been wearing that Jersey for 25 years.
Guys.
No,
that's I have like signed pictures of Mike Greer in that Jersey.
Like I thought biz,
my favorite three top with the Kings.
I loved how they took the purple and gold and put it with the Gretzky era.
The Coyotes.
I like that just because it's funky.
Like I said, the masculine mud.
And then the Sabres.
I thought the Sabres were cool, man.
They had that old Shogun logo that they used years ago,
and they put it with the original colors.
I thought that was really sharp.
I thought those were the three top.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Yep.
All right.
96-97. That's Pittsburgh's jersey. 96. Fair enough. Yep. All right. 96-97.
That's Pittsburgh's jersey, 96-97 season.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I guess we can move on from this.
We've vented enough.
But some teams, great job.
Others, not so much.
And fans, we hope you guys enjoyed them.
Well, at least the Canucks logo wasn't a picture of a groom booting his bride in the face during their wedding dance.
Shout out to Adam Gaudette.
That was just so classic.
Was she busted up?
Did he hurt her?
No.
You okay?
I think, yeah, she was fine.
She took it in good stride, as you'd expect.
But, yeah, he was out there doing his topless wedding lap dance
for his new bride and tried to swing his leg like a rockette
and caught his new old lady, but right in the,
right in the chops,
she was fine.
And it's funny.
I remember I talked about when I did an auto-correct business,
I'd said some old cut in his hair.
He thought I was goofing on him.
I saw the video.
I understood why,
like he's got quite the fucking Caesar salad going right now.
He's got the flow.
He had some tight hammies in those pants and his old lady,
his old lady had to get sent the concussion protocol
before throwing the bouquet but good to hear that everybody was all right hey you know the staff in
vancouver's like when's the last time that guy got a stretch in though he can't even get his head
they're gonna give him that stretching test that was the old school camp test remember biz how many
how far can you reach yeah and then you gotta push the thing and it'll it'll measure it yeah i was the master of getting enough knee off the ground to make it
look like i was way more flexible than i was you know they're like knee on the ground knee stays
flat i was able to get this much every time that's that's that's and that's a that's a big
difference in that test speaking of fitness testing pittsburgh when i first got there who was okay so johnny uh john
so he had one leg that was like two inches shorter than the other and he had he had a two inch sole
on his one shoe and and it was uh it was honor system fitness testing he'd be like yeah just
like go go to sit-ups and let me know how many you did and like you know all the veterans would be like yeah 120 100 was it not the biggest joke with
it was the biggest joke of all time because i remember like i remember you get you know you
get to sit up with a push-up test and you really start struggling and you be with a guy you say
like dude doesn't matter say what you want, why are you stressing so hard, buddy?
Just tell him 17.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah.
I remember when I found that out, I was like, that's the best thing.
Because there was teams you hear about, like Torts back in the day.
I think Torts might add.
Like five-mile runs.
No, 15 laps.
I think they do, like lap test fuck we have to
get a former ranger or like whatever he had a skating test that was a sick joke and i just
my test my test was to see how many numbers i could add on to my actual push-up number then
then then they some teams started getting a little bit crazy where remember we
used to do the beep test off the ice where you had to you know get to the line and then and then
it would get quicker and quicker and I think when you got up to around 12 13 those were like the
guys who had the best cardio well they transferred it onto the ice and then that was when it's things
started getting a little bit too ridiculous and guys started blowing out their groins and training
camps left right and center because it was just it was too much guys guys were coming in in shape and then all of a sudden
they were getting burnt out so uh i don't know how we got to there but uh yeah shout out to his
name his name was johnny yeah but it's actually it was john well they actually passed away in 2016
so that sucks well thanks for helping out the boys when you could man thanks a lot for what he did because
he was a great guy so i didn't know that that that sucks but still thank you so much for those
those uh testings you gave us you were a hell of a trainer everyone loved you for it
biz i remember you just mentioned about connects doing a little stretching a few minutes ago
apparently some of the connects did did some heavy-duty stretching
before they jumped on a helicopter, went all the way up to northern B.C.
to find a random pond, lake, whatever, to play a little shinny.
That was one of the most gorgeous videos I've seen during this entire break.
Yeah, Bradley Friesen.
He lives in Vancouver.
I did the Ice Bucket Challenge with him.
He helped out big time, of course.
He's got the chopper. He does all these wild stunts. Check him out on Instagram.
He goes up there with his bulldog all the time. And sometimes they head up there,
they find these sheets of ice on these like, you know, lakes in the middle of like all these high
mountains up in the up in northern BC. And then they'll land and then they'll shovel them off
and they'll get a shinny game going. And he decided, you know,
considering that there's no hockey being played right now,
he reached out to a few Canucks.
Him and a few other of the pilots went up there with him,
and they had a great time.
They ended up getting a  there was an article in the New York Times about it.
It's all over social media, I believe.
EP40 posted about it.
Thatcher Demko was up there with him and what other players as well uh g
troy stature of the red wings was there as well so check it out where do they land the chopper biz
uh they try to find anything that's like flat and secure enough in order to do so and i mean
do they even know how deep that is there is it just known it's that frozen it doesn't matter
it's i would imagine brad's been doing it long enough where he knows where the secure areas are and and uh you know he's i think
he has to call in for some type of clearance at some point but keep in mind you're so far up in
the mountains that those those lakes are completely frozen so he he's done some pretty wild stuff on
on all of his social media so check him out on youtube uh he's he's big on reddit as
well so actually that that whole ice bucket challenge we did for the als um the als back
in the day um it was an idea that we thought of when we were drinking at night and then we texted
him and the next morning he was calling us off the hook he's like hey are we gonna go do this
and we're like uh sure yeah let's go and then we ended up going the next day when
we were hung over and we did the whole thing so it was awesome he ended up getting a professional
camera to shoot it and uh and the rest is history i believe the video got over 10 million views
and you know it created some awareness for it so uh shout out to bradley freezing and the rest of
the boys for uh for getting it done yeah gotta be careful you drop those choppers don't want
another jaws 2 like incident uh speaking
of crazy videos biz how about the dude who saved his puppy from an alligator's mouth in the water
never lost a cigar i mean i know it wasn't obviously a 10-foot alligator but he he fucking
saved his puppy and fucking never lost a cigar all time like Like not a hot video, just a man's man doing that shit. No.
Yeah.
It was the guy who gave me the shirt and Cabo.
No, but I want to,
it looked like he was on a golf course and there was no hesitation and it
wasn't a huge alligator either.
It was one of those smaller ones, but it was a puppy.
I don't even, did it have teeth?
I'm not even chirping.
Like, could that thing actually hurt you?
Well, I know, but could it have hurt him?
Yeah. What would have been scary about it is considering there was those little ones little gators in there what maybe
there was bigger ones but to no hesitation he saw it get snatched drag into the water he jumped right
in kept the cigar in his mouth the whole time clotted out and the puppy the puppy ended up
running away and uh i'm sure he uh you know he
was uh he was celebrating that night with a few few pints because he looked like he was having a
good time already so if that was hey if that was you with finn again you'd just be like mr finn
again bye oh here's a story for you so we had to we brought him to cabo we thought we were going
to be able to stay at the stay at the condo with him and then all of a sudden we get there and the guy at the gate's like yeah no dogs
so katie had to research we had to find somebody who like a kennel fly him home
no we had we had to keep him in a kennel there but luckily there was a mexican kennel no there
was she she found this canadian guy who lives down there he's like the the the dog whisperer
so we ended up driving about 35
minutes away from where we were and and he took the dog for the whole week and by the end of the
time he he loved it did you go visit him at all he was like the no he because because the dog
whisperer was like hey let him get relaxed and do a setting here he's gonna fall in love with it
it's like it's like a tranquil space what do you what do you how would you give him doggy shrooms he he was like the guy in along came paulie uh he put
but the miss you know he's crushing my old lady while she while he was giving the walk through
the whole doggy compound but no so i don't know how we even got there what were we talking about
uh the alligator taking the alligator and me saying that you just would have sang it, Mr. Finningham.
But I know you would have gotten them.
Oh, and that kind of dragged me into a different story.
But actually, you can delete that, Grinnell.
I don't even know why I started yapping off about that.
No, I like that shit, Biz.
It's all right.
Honestly, Biz, I think that golf course could use a SimpliSafe.
There's almost always a rise in break-ins during the holidays.
It's why SimpliSafe Home Security is having a huge holiday sale. 40 off any Simply Safe system and a free security camera.
Recently, U.S. News and World Report called it the best home security of 2020. So whether you're
traveling or staying put for the holidays, check out the 40 off plus free security camera deal
before it ends this week. This thing is so easy to hook up. The equipment is top notch.
I can't vouch for it enough.
It won CNET editor's choice for home security and was the best of 2020 from
Forbes and Popular Mechanics.
The system has an arsenal of sensors and cameras that protect every inch of
your home. You can set it up yourself in about 30 minutes. It's super easy.
Even I did it.
Plus there's no contract, there's no hidden fees, and there's no installation costs.
Then SimpliSafe security specialists take over. They monitor your home around the clock,
and they're ready to send emergency help the moment there's an alarm. So get 40 off SimpliSafe Plus a free security camera today by visiting simplisafe.com.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
But you got to hurry up.
This deal expires on Friday.
That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
And Biz, speaking of dogs, how aboutank and ria's dogs uh their hammer their pepperoni dick that had to be the weirdest thing i've seen on the internet since
we last met if you're listening to this and you haven't seen hank's dog's dick who works for
barstool it's it's impossible to describe it on here you just have to look at the picture
so if you if you get a chance go look at it now it's not like that all the time it's impossible to describe it on here. You just have to look at the picture. So if you get a chance, go look at it.
Now, it's not like that all the time.
It's only when it gets hard, right?
I would fucking hope so.
It was like a bloody carrot.
It was just so big.
How is this dog's hose?
That's a situate boy, my boy.
It was a Joe Carrot.
That was a Joe Cranberry.
It was just so odd looking.
I mean, it looked like a Photoshop that a little peanut sized dog has a penis that protrudes to that length.
And it's just so it was just weird looking.
We always talk about a little red lipstick on a dog, but that was like horrifying.
Giant fucking cranberry.
It was it looked like a pepperette to me.
And it was long too it was
long and greasy oh biz we were talking about cabo you had some story down there some lady uh
hammer out calls full blast no i would imagine we don't have one single listener that would ever do
this at a restaurant so this is um i don't even know if we kept the story in about how the fact
that we had to go get the the guy from along cane polity take the dog whisperer to take care of
finnegan but we we dropped him off and then we had to go back two hours later to make sure he was
going to be okay and be able to adapt to it well in the meantime we ended up going for a drink
and we sit down at this bar and this lady makes a FaceTime call and she's like yelling at her phone right next to us.
My girl's pretty chill.
So it riled her up enough to where she got up and she had to do a lap to like decompress.
Oh, I would have been like, hey, fucking take it outside or put your head for even headphones in.
You're listening.
That would have been bad.
You had to hear both sides.
Yes.
Oh, that's that's
trash here's the worst part so after about three four minutes of her being completely obnoxious
yelling at the screen of her phone and me looking around like have i lost my mind here am i the only
person noticing this she hangs up the call i'm like okay fair enough let's get back to just
enjoying ourselves she goes right through and scrolls down calls somebody else
then she proceeds to do it another two times in the in the midst of this going on i talked to
the bartender i call over the guy said you got to get us a table out of this lady's way this is
fucking ridiculous so finally they end up moving us and one of the other couples that was next to
her at the bar came over and they were like that was was 100, one of the most obnoxious things I've ever seen. So folks, if you are listening to this podcast
right now, if you have to take a phone call, make it short and sweet. If you're going to stay there,
if it goes longer than let's say 20 seconds and you're talking loudly and obnoxiously,
leave the restaurant, go handle your business outside. I could,
I could not believe my eyes with she banged out for FaceTime calls in the
matter of about 15,
20 minutes.
Teased moves I've ever seen in my life or heard just,
just absolute garbage.
You can't be doing that.
You can't be ruining people's meals.
People are fucking such inconsiderate trash too
I've been
a part of some great
great public
holding the door
public
what's the word, niceness?
that's terrible vocabulary
courtesy
I've been a part of some great ones lately
I've been really kind of stepping it up on
my end i've been trying to pay it forward i'm holding a door i'm holding four or five doors a
day and then all of a sudden it gets a smile thank you so much no problem how long are you holding it
for like a like a i see i got i got like a i got a i got a i got a wide runway I'm in a long runway.
I'm giving you  Like to the point where you're like a Walmart greeter at this point?
I'm also holding it no matter what, but if you give that little like
just that fake little like I'm kind of hurrying up.
Do you know the little like the quick
Yeah, yeah.
You know, you're just showing you appreciate it.
You're going to get that even.
That warms my heart too. So I think that already it. And you're going to get that even. That warms my heart, too.
So I think that already I know what you're saying,
but try to do good on the other end.
That's all we can do is try to be better every day.
This is one death we weren't able to acknowledge since our last episode.
I did give a little tribute to Alex Trebek,
but Sean Connery passed away.
The original James Bond, absolute legend of cinema.
Seriously, from fucking fantastic quotes,
The Untouchables, The Rock,
all these fantastic movies he made.
Biz, were you a big Sean Connery guy?
Oh, yeah.
I loved him in The Rock.
Yeah.
Roasters always whine about trying their best
when I just go home and fuck the prom queen. What's that from? That's from that movie. The Rock. Yeah. Losers always whine about trying their best when they just go home and fuck the prom queen.
Yeah.
What's that from?
That's from that movie.
The Rock.
Oh, okay.
That's when he's dragging Nicolas Cage
under the prison's well system to try to get in there.
Alcatraz, he's breaking up through the vents.
That movie was sick.
Sean Connery was actually a guy,
and you can correct me if I'm wrong here but did he not just play the coolest badass in every movie
like pretty much yeah if you're if you're if you're if you're that cool where you're only
playing that cool of a guy in the movies you are next level in terms of like ballers. I think of James Bond is like the biggest pimp,
absolute boss of,
of what the sixties and seventies.
All right.
Yeah.
He was,
he was more like the baby boomers version of the,
of James Bond.
I don't say that like the way kids meet in nowadays,
like basically guys,
my father's age,
he was the first James Bond.
So I was actually more of a Roger Moore,
James Bond guy,
just because of when I was born.
But even after he stopped doing the Bond stuff, I mean,
The Hunt for Red October, Indiana Jones, The Last Crusade, The Rock,
The Untouchables, where he won his Oscar.
He kind of was, in a sense, playing himself,
but he was Sean Connery who just brought this such a huge screen presence
that you'd fucking sign up for it no matter what,
because he was so good at what he did.
So were there, were there any stories about him off screen?
Was he always like a good guy to be around?
They said he could be a, he could be a very intimidating.
He could bitch some directors around if like, cause you know,
most directors, he had way more experience then,
but they also said he was a gentleman about it.
That like he, he would be firm about it. And he always had the movie or the art at, at, at his heart. So he was
never doing it to be a dick. He was just doing it because he knew what to do. Yeah. He can be
cantankerous and difficult at times, but most people who work with him said it was, it was a
fantastic, uh, career highlight to work with Sean Connery. All right. Speaking of career highlights,
you guys dropped another sandbag since we last met.
That's right.
We didn't just drop one, Biz.
We grabbed another W.
That's right.
And what's gone on since then is just so funny
because, Biz, we almost blew that lead.
So I've heard from a lot of people.
I mean, let's be honest, too.
I think if we premiered on Tuesday at 8 p.m., by 8 a.m.,
we had over 100,000 views.
4Play just released a golf video.
The next morning, they had 15.
It's like, we're a hockey podcast.
They went to Australia to do it, too.
They went to Australia to do it.
We went to Dedham.
I mean, we're the hockey podcast, and our numbers,
people are loving watching us play golf. They probably like who we're the hockey podcast and our numbers people are loving us watch i love
watching us play golf and they probably like who we're playing against a little more but we're
winning and that's all that matters and we got one more can we keep the streak alive i'm talking
so monotone because you have no clue what went on but it was keith yandel and kevin hayes oh boy
that's all i'll say i know we forced it and as far as Colin White and uh Woods
are concerned I thought that them calling me out for being a sandbagger and then me giving them
back what six strokes on the back nine and still fucking pulling the wind off that was wild mind
you they sent the marshal after us on the front nine and yeah the the bank shot on 17 don't even get me started that was
absolutely ridiculous i don't think that should have counted i thought we gave that to them way
too quick if you have not seen the latest sandbagger i suggest you check it out we're
going to continue to do these things they are a blast and i'll tell you what for the first time
in a long time they get my competitive juices flowing. That's why I play golf.
It's all I have now.
And I'm a competitive motherfucker, Biz.
You know it.
I need to be in these matches.
And when we're winning, it's way better than if we were losing.
That Hayes-Stapleton match makes me want to puke.
Yeah.
That was a blunder in our success right now.
We're currently 3-1.
And looking forward to releasing the Kevin Hayes.
And one other kicker, too, is when you jump on there for the live viewing,
I think it's awesome.
It's great fan interaction.
We're going to continue to do that moving forward.
We're going to give everybody a little bit more of a heads up before we drop the Yans and Hayes one,
and we're going to hopefully get 10,000 people concurrently watching it.
If that's even a word,
is that a word concurrently?
I don't know.
At one point,
I think we had five grand watching it,
Mikey.
Yeah.
We got up to five,
5.9 at one point.
Yeah.
Almost six grand.
We're watching it during the live broadcast where I'm on,
I'm on the chat
and i love maybe talking about something that's going on or maybe just chat with some of the
scumbags in the chat um i think that it's a blast for us to do and i also i also think that we're
talking to some guys i mean it could be it could be fun we're getting other media guys involved
players it's it should keep continue to grow so if you haven't seen it go check it out right now
on our spit and
chicklets YouTube page.
We appreciate it.
Well said.
And biz it's concurrent.
Anytime you get sentenced, you always want concurrent sentences,
not consecutive.
Just FYI.
If you ever go to jail, my,
my mind's in a pretzel right now because we've been going quite a while
here.
Yeah.
Fans.
It's great to be back in the saddle.
Yeah.
Well, that'll wrap it up.
It's been a huge episode action action-packed for you.
Definitely overstuffed.
Hopefully everybody enjoys it.
Enjoy your week.
Enjoy your weekend.
And on a personal level,
I just want to say farewell
to our dear family friend,
Pookie Woods.
You were the best.
Everybody's going to miss you, pal.
Attaboy.
Sorry for your loss.
Have a great day, everyone.
Peace.
As always,
we'd like to thank
our fantastic sponsors
here on Spit and chicklets big
thanks to our long-term friends at new answer damn vodka and pink whitney big thanks to our
new friends over at cross-country mortgage if you're looking to refi or buy by all means check
them out huge thanks to our buddy timmy and boikies check that stuff out bill tong can't beat
it big thanks to everybody over at roman for taking care of the fellas in the rack and a huge
thanks to our friends over at simply safe for keeping everybody safe in their homestead.
Everybody, have a great weekend out there.
And our video version of this podcast will drop on Monday.
Be sure to check it out.
Here's a little song I wrote.
You might want to sing it note for note.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
In every life we have some trouble.
But when you worry, you make it double.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Don't worry.
Be happy now.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
