Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 311 of Spit and Chick.
Let's present the by Pink Whitney for my friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, and the old Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up, everyone?
We're a little more than a week out from the World Juniors.
The NHL is still getting things together.
It's a little bit of a lull in the hockey stuff,
so we'll have a little fun this episode.
Let's say hi to the boys for us.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, what's up, guy?
What's going on, guys?
Anytime I get a late-night text from Ryan Whitney telling me
that I need to remind him to tell a specific story, you know a good story is coming on this podcast.
So I'm excited.
No doubt about that.
The rat contour himself.
We'll get to him in a sec.
But first, dirty dog in the desert, Paul Biznasty.
Miss Annette.
I'll just piggyback what G said.
Nothing makes me more excited than when we hop on a Zoom call.
Jesus Christ.
No, you guys are
talk about like setting up some ridiculous expectations for a story i'll get right into
it since you know two don't want to talk about anything but me i three years sorry sorry i wasn't
punching you in with those clowns all right so a lot of times a lot of times you wake up and you know it's just certain mood
you got nothing to do biz i know you know what i'm saying all right everyone knows you know what
i'm saying just a little wake and bake you know oh baby it's great you feel so good you know
my weekends so so this goes back to the car issues this isn't really related to any car issues this is more ryan whitney issues
not to talk in the third person that's a clown move but i have a nice little wake
wake i got the store and i gotta do two things i gotta get apple gate pork sausages they're
already cooked you just throw them on the stove and they they heat they're perfect and i had to
get orange juice so you you know sometimes it hits you a little different on the stove and they're perfect. And I had to get orange juice.
So, you know, sometimes it hits you a little different in the morning and you're just out to lunch.
I'm standing in front of the Applegate.
They have like three different boxes, right?
They're three different colors, but they're all saying the same thing.
All I'm seeing is like the same thing.
Gluten free.
No trans fat.
I'm like, what is the difference?
There are three different colors.
What is the difference?
Why can't I figure this out?
Well, I wasn't reading where it says chicken sauce,
chicken apple sausage, pork sausage.
I just was totally out to lunch.
It took me 10 minutes to figure that out.
Listen, I'll get back to that.
I go outside now because my car had broken
down two days after i bought it last week they gave me a loaner it's uh it's a escalade blue
like light bluish you know it's it's got its own individual look i don't know if i'd ever buy this
color but it's like you're not gonna mistake your car once you get this color car as a loaner maybe the reason they actually do make those colors so i walk out
of i walk out of the um the store and i'm walking to the car and i see the car and i get into the
car and i go to start i'm like what the fuck i look i'm like this isn't my car i turn around
the guy whose car it is is standing
right outside the door he goes what the fuck are you doing
i am so out to lunch i said listen listen i know what this looks like i have this car
from a from it's a loan from the dealership. I have this car, but I drove my wife's car here,
which is a white BMW.
And I walked right past the car.
I drove there because I thought I drove my loaner
in the front seat trying to start it.
And the guy,
I don't know if he had saw me get in and he was walking to the store,
what the timing was.
And he just was like, what's wrong with you?
But it was an honest mistake.
And I remember thinking, oh, my God,
I think you have to stop the morning activity of maybe adding some creativity.
I was going to give you some leniency,
assuming that you'd driven your loner and then just mistaken that there was two there
i would have been like oh shit okay well you got inside this i i think i might have done that at
one point with a black jeep grand cherokee the most common fucking vehicle there is but like
yeah the fact that you drove your wife's car that's fucked up man that's i was just so embarrassed
and and to end it all off i bought the the wrong sausages. I bought the chicken ones.
It took me 10 minutes and I still got the wrong one.
So I don't think the story was that good.
You guys kind of shriveled me with the way you teed it up,
but still, you do some certain things.
It makes you question.
Well, I have high expectations of you
and I thought it was tremendous.
Great way to start off the show.
That's one way to test if you're too big is actually
get behind the wheel of a car. That's when you're like, okay.
Am I fucking too soon to die right now?
No, but I wasn't like that. I was just
like, my brain was just so out
to lunch. My body
was just cruise control.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Next time, throw a movie
on, I guess.
I was telling Biz before the show,
I got a big date with an old friend tonight.
We can talk about it now because by the time the show dropped,
it'll already have happened and been on the Instagram.
Robert De Niro?
No, we first met down here about 14 and a half years ago.
First time this individual made an appearance in the Tampa area.
Now we're reacquainting tonight.
A 35-pound friend.
Freda Felcher? Freda Felcher?
Freda Felcher?
Rhymes with Manly?
Yeah, rhymes with Manly Dup.
Yeah, I'm going to see an old friend, the Stanley Cup tonight.
What is the deal?
What's going on?
Well, I had mentioned before on the show,
an old pal of mine from college, Derek Lalonde,
who was the graduate assistant at my college when I was working
work-study for the hockey team.
Of course, he went on to a great career, just won the Stanley Cup.
We got reacquainted since he won.
He texted me out of the blue.
I wasn't even fishing for a party.
He said, hey, I heard you're in town.
He goes, what'd you think, you're going to duck us?
He says, Monday, our video coordinator has the Cup for the day,
and he invited me to join him Monday night for a few cocktails
to reacquaint
with Stanley so obviously by the time this drops
I'll have yet another appearance
R.A. hired a private investigator to like
accidentally track he tracked him down
and accidentally bumped into him at the supermarket
what are you doing down here
he hacked him with the DM that got
me to get into his emails
so so
you know what you should do is bring your two
the guys letting you record at their place.
Have them dress up in tuxedos. You're bringing your own security.
That way those kids, then they'd be like,
RA's gone Hollywood.
I haven't seen Derek in 22 years. A long time ago
we both had hair back then, so
it'll be interesting to catch up with him. But, yeah,
looking forward to it. It should be a good time. I mean,
any party with the Stanley Cup is a good party.
So we've talked about him
right after they won the Stanley Cup. He started
out, what was he, a video
coach or something?
He was an assistant at my school, North Adams State,
which was fucking three
or four years from getting completely canceled he was just graduating college awful then um they
weren't good but they were competitive because they always tend to tended to bring in good coaches
um so i met him there like 22 years ago and yeah he started off north adams i mean d3 assistant and
just kept working kept working working and now he's got, that's kind of like Cooper story.
So he's got another guy who kind of had this, a very similar journey.
Now, what does he do specifically for Tampa?
Is he an assistant who handles the forwards power play?
Do you know what, what is it?
I'm going to ask him. I'll ask him tonight.
No, I'm not sure if he does the forwards or D I know one does the other.
I'm actually not sure off the top of my head.
I can't, I can't know who's like the forward assistant on every team.
I know like a couple of teams who's run the D squad.
Like I think Scuderi's in Nashville because he's like our buddy
and he's got terrible suits.
And all he did was play defense.
Like imagine Scud's coaching the forwards.
He's running the PP.
He's a PP specialist.
Scud, what did he do on the power? He probably does run the power play and we're just dummying him PP. He's a PP specialist. Scott, do you want to do it on the power?
He probably does run the power play,
and we're just dummying him right now.
All right, quickly.
Most people won't get this,
but did they play, like, UMass Boston and Salem State?
Was that, like, the league?
Yeah, the old Mass State College division.
Yeah, Salem State.
But they would play teams like Babson and, like,
Williams, like, tough division three, and they would come in and just wax North Adams all the time. But, yeah, it. Salem State. But they would play teams like Babson and like Williams,
like tough Division III,
and they would come in and just wax North Adams all the time.
But, yeah, it's just crazy.
I mean, you know, North Adams is a tiny little state school.
I know it's a different name now, but the idea that he was going to underwin a cup
and I'm here working with you guys all these years later, man.
Hey, you know, keep chasing those fucking dreams, man.
You never know what can pan out.
It's kind of a full circle thing.
Your new buddy's uh roof's been
getting some action online yeah people are crazy about the patch job so you're back there for for
your second pod in a row and i tell you what the wi-fi is crisp so thanks the boys for us we'll
make sure to get them some merchandise uh and uh yeah yeah party on your belt absolutely looking
forward to it but boys we gotta kick off with something different this week. How about those Buffalo Bills, huh?
I know we usually don't do NFL here, but there's not a lot of hockey going on.
Bills Mafia, they're 10-3 after beating Pittsburgh.
They've got a two-game lead.
They have won the AFC East since 1995 before their quarterback was born.
How about this, Whit, as a Pats fan?
First time in 20 years an AFC East team will finish with more wins than the Pats.
And the Pats won the division for 11 straight years.
Only the Atlanta Braves had a longer division streak in sports.
So it's kind of the end of the era as far as the Pats in that regard.
But hats off to the Bills, man.
I know they're in the division, but you do root for that city.
Well, let's go to the storyline.
Okay, so this Juju something.
He's a wide receiver. Yeah. I think he's hilarious.
He's doing all these like dances and it's like a new world, new era.
I'm all for it. I don't give a shit.
I kind of love more of like the bickering online. I mean,
if you ask Mark Madden, what his opinion would be, do you follow him?
He's been all over this guy for like three years and all he does is retweet
anything with them and say, this is what it's all's all about yeah i think there was a point where like he was posting videos from the locker
room one may have gotten out that might have been on Antonio Brown but either way just if you're if
you're an old school type you ain't down with that well apparently he does it every game at home and
on the road but he was dancing on the Buffalo Bill logo at center field and apparently a lot of the
Bills guys like like, including Allen,
went in the locker room and were like, boys,
they can do all their dances and joke around before the game.
Like, let's handle our business.
And they went out and gave him a bit of an ass-whipping
and kind of a punch in the jaw.
You've seen both sides now.
What do you make of, like, him, like, doing these dances,
like, right before the game on, like, the field like that? Well, I'll get back of like him, like doing these dances, like right before the game on like the field like that?
Well, I'll get back to him quickly, though.
Buffalo, no other team I've ever rooted for like the Buffalo Bills now.
Correct.
And I've openly said I love the Pats, but when they're not good,
I don't really care.
You know what I mean?
I love them when they're good.
The Bills deserve exactly what's happening to them more than anyone
ever the fact they went to four super bowls in a row and lost all four of them the mathematical
i'm a math guy and even i can't even figure out those odds so like the city's just lost it
everything and they're such diehards it would be typical that they would win it when no fans could
be there but it is a great storyline.
So I'm all in on the Bills.
That Allen's pretty nasty.
Juju Smith-Schuster, I actually do like the new age player that's putting himself out there.
Like, I totally understand it.
Your name's a brand.
It's changing.
But, man, it's like when you can't just
like maybe stick to doing it after you're successful or after big wins and i know there's
going to be times the timing looks bad but some of the stuff this guy puts out is so ridiculous
you have you have to be frustrated if you're a steelers fan well two steelers players do it a
bunch that chase claypool the receiver from Notre Dame,
he's been all over TikTok.
Good young receivers.
Yeah, that guy's a stud.
He's a rookie too, I think.
Yeah.
And not even a first rounder.
No, I think second rounder,
but he's all over TikTok before and after every game.
I mean, yeah, all over TikTok's one thing.
Showing up your opponent on tiktok's another thing
dance i mean you could dance in the room with the boys you could be out at the club you could
be at your house but when you're tiktoking on the other team's logo i mean if i i sure what
steelers fan could sit there and tell you that that doesn't annoy the shit out of them
so the thing is he's pretty good he's like i think he's their best receiver so the fact he's hard too and he's also he lowered
the short shoulder a couple times yesterday oh man this guy plays with some jam madden's just
so old school madden misses wants mario lemieux who's just like quietly successful goes about
their business so anyone other than that he's just gonna shit on as far as like local talk radio he is the most electrifying sports figure he has to be
yeah he can drive drive a man and he'll find things to get people riled up about when they're
they're nine and oh like he just he's the master at it and he still gets the big name guys on the
show like sid i think he even gets gino on sometimes but mario goes on all
the time he he is such a character in the in the sports world yeah he really is he really is go
ahead no no no say how much people assume things that wins and losses like years before i was a
podcast i was in another industry i related to the nfl and it's crazy how many people just assume
teams are going to win every weekend.
It's just like the NFL, so many crazy upsets, like nothing's a guarantee.
And I think the biggest mistake NFL game was make is just automatically
assuming favorites are supposed to win.
Like Pittsburgh, everyone thought talking about it being undefeated for the
whole season.
Now they've got two losses in the fucking blink of an eye.
Well, and I believe they're banged up too.
Injuries are really mounting right now in the NFL.
You're just like every game.
It's like, oh yeah, they're missing their whole old line you're just like that uh guys man is there another
sport that like you just every every week it's like multiple guys acl gone it's a meat grinder
man it's a meat grinder it's crazy the the derrick henry the running back on tennessee oh my god
i've never seen it i mean it. What do you call it?
Recency bias, all right?
But this guy dominates like no running back I've ever seen.
He's just running over teams.
I think he's rushed for four 200-yard games or something.
Yeah.
Is it this year?
I think he's got two 200-yard games with like two touchdowns,
and he's like one of only, I think, three or four guys to do that.
He's a horse yeah he he should be he should be like completely in the running for
mvp this is from a uh roger guy who watches uh red zone all sunday i don't know much about the
nfl but i know gambling i actually took buffalo i was down big took them to win between seven and
twelve points which was like a huge payoff just to get me to even for this week,
still dummied from the prior weeks.
The NFL is impossible.
Every week I do a pool with my buddies and we pick every single game on
Sunday against the spread tiebreakers Sunday night points.
So total points closest to every week, like six, you know, if you,
if you get six wins, you you're right there which is like half
the games basically and the best part is if you lose the pool if you come in last place you got
to run the pool the next week excel spreadsheets i haven't lost yet i i think i haven't told the
guys like i can't do it i don't know how to i don't know how to do an excel do you granella
you're up i'll be getting a late night call from no no yeah i i
guess i'll be calling you hey my mom's good at those and i mean she's retired she she'd help
you out would she yolanda yolanda yeah we can give her a buzz we'll give her a call ask her if she'd
do it yeah i'm busy you pack i mean she used to do my papers the night before i needed to hand
them in would she actually would she do your papers
oh fuck yeah i i so my mom was a dude i i would put her in the absolute grind she she wrote a
couple books right so like my mom's a horse like her work ethic is nuts so she is just she was
super mom it was crazy i'd be like mom i'm she's like what do i need to talk about and i i would
like we would she would help me over the phone.
Oh, really?
Oh yeah.
I remember like, I remember high school, my mom being behind me and, and I'm like purposely
messing up so that she'll finally be like, move over.
And she just starts fighting.
I can outweigh you, mom.
I can outweigh you.
I can outweigh you wait you wait away you not to
do it after every period after every period you press spacebar 17 times before you start your
next sentence and she's like oh my god it's twice i look at you only i'm like hey fucking tell me
somebody in the nag region who's snapping it better tape the tape than i am fucking that
i'll start fucking doing my own papers mom biggest. Biggest panic having to do a paper.
I could say that at that point.
And then by the end of it, she's like, you can't even
fucking keep the thing flat anymore, Paul.
What happened?
Shut up, Bob.
Anyway.
Alright, well, enough of the football. By the way, Biz,
congrats on your pack. 10-3, clinched the North.
Top tie for top seed in the NFC right now.
This couldn't name you five players on the team. This is our boy i'll tell you what now that i'm so busy i've fallen off about
you know three four years ago as i was like hardcore way more into it but i just don't have
the time but rogers is is is neck and neck with henry for mvp i i would say russ had it after the
first like five or six games oh i think my homes iomes. I think Mahomes. Mahomes is up there too. Yeah. I would say, I would say based on weapons.
I mean, although they do have this new guy on the,
who's like the sick receivers for the, for the Green Bay Packers.
What's it?
Devante.
Devante Adams.
Devante Adams.
He's a stallion.
He's nasty.
I have, I have a new hobby where whenever like a sick player makes a catch, I'm just immediately Wikipedia them.
I want to see where they went to high school. I want to see if it was like a big time high school program.
I want to see where they played college. They transfer them all into where these guys came from now.
Yeah, because a ton of them aren't necessarily top picks like that.
That Brown in Tennessee, he was he was a he wasn't like a super high pick.
that Brown in Tennessee, he was, he was a, he wasn't a,
like a super high pick and, and, and going back to my homes,
that guy, have you ever seen a player like this early in their career? You're just, he has everything you could want. If you're a chiefs fan,
like just a fan of the NFL, this guy's the best leader, the nastiest player.
I know it's always like, what have you done for me lately? But Oh my God,
every single game, he just  Hill runs past everyone.
He throws a dart right in his chest.
He's so good.
His interview after the game, he seems like such a leader.
I think guys love playing for him.
His brother's the TikTok one.
He doesn't need to do it like Juju.
He just dominates on the field.
He does that.
He's so  how nasty are the Chiefs?
Yeah, he's a video game.
He's kind of like the McDavid of the NFL.
So, yeah, he's in the running for sure.
I think Rodgers, just based on weapons, considering if you look at Mahomes,
he's got Kels  is it Kelsey or Kels?
Travis Kelsey.
Travis Kelsey.
He's like the new Gronk.
Yeah, he's pretty sick.
Look at his numbers.
They're nuts.
And then he's got that cheetah.
That guy just zips
around who tyreek tyreek hill yeah he's the fastest human on turf it's nuts it's not straight up runs
by guys yeah but he doesn't even really make a move yeah my home he's got like goat potential
when i hate to say it about a guy that young but what we've seen from him is just impressive he's
one of those guys you absolutely turn the TV on for no doubt.
Would you base that on championships or would you base that?
So say he gets four,
four Superbowls,
but his numbers are just like,
he's so far,
far pursuit.
If he,
if he won four Superbowls and then you're saying broke all the passing
records.
You're with four Superbowls.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, Brady's got two more then, but like if he'd have all the records with four super bowls yeah yeah i mean brady's got two more then but like
if he'd have all the records with four i mean yeah the goat thing is so i hate that but but
the whole argument um all right you know but i just i just this guy is machine watching that
team i don't know who's gonna have a chance of beating them i can't make strong opinions on the nfl because i don't know enough about it i don't know how it all works i don't know who's going to have a chance of beating them. I can't make strong opinions on the NFL
because I don't know enough about it. I don't know how
it all works. I don't know plays. I'm just like,
oh, that's cool. I'm just a degenerate.
Yeah. It's all right.
There was a little bit of
hockey. That was a lot more fucking
football talk than I thought we would have had.
Well, there's nothing going on in the hockey world, folks.
No, that's what I said. I don't mean to do your job
for you, all right, but we got world juniors coming up oh we could tease we got some world junior
coverage right boys we're gonna get some guys oh that's next week that's next week yeah actually
we haven't mentioned i guess yet we should probably do that uh long time nhl vojtek volsky
who most recently won battle of blades up in canada joined us for a nice long interview we
talked about battle of blades his interesting career his family emigrated from poland through
germany getting to canada very interesting road to the nhl it's a good interview
coming to you in a little bit though we're going to talk a little bit more about the news first
like you said world junior starting up next week the rosters have been finalized european squads
have started arriving kirby doc and quentin byfield among six players returning for canada
u.s has eight players returning but michigan Michigan teammates Johnny Beecher and Thomas Bortolo
didn't make the U.S. team
because Beecher tested positive for COVID.
In his final test at camp, he's a product of Boston.
Bortolo is a product of San Jose.
Unfortunately, a single test disqualifies a player
because Bortolo was his roommate.
He had to be cut too.
John Van Biesbroeck, who runs the program,
said both players are obviously crushed.
And what really sucked for Bichot, he got back to camp.
Sorry, back to campus.
Took another test that was negative.
So it's like he might have even got a false positive.
But because he got a positive, he had to be fucking run out of the tournament.
That's terrible.
You know, and you just feel for a guy in that position.
How it to get that close and then have.
And the guys, he said, I did nothing different.
I've been with the same people.
He was, you know was quarantined, whatever.
All right, you feel sick to your stomach.
And Biz, what would you say the age?
I'm going to say 14, 13, and maybe even younger for Canadians.
Excuse me.
He probably is.
But you start thinking and dreaming of playing for the World Juniors
really young, playing for your team in the World Juniors.
Every year it's Christmas. It's like the greatest players in the world juniors really young. Playing for your team in the world juniors, every year it's Christmas.
It's like the greatest players in the world under 20 years old.
And so for these kids to have their dream taken away
like that quickly because of this,
and obviously it's been an awful time for everyone,
it just breaks your heart.
And let me tell you, though, I'm also kind of disappointed
because why are they not in their own rooms?
I don't know if you're is there not enough room or you're trying to save money?
Is it trying to like have I have no idea.
But if you're going to make a kid because his roommate test positive, not be able to go get them their own rooms.
Don't fuck a kid because his roommate tests positive.
I think that's crazy that they did in all of their own rooms because't fuck a kid because his roommate tests positive i think that's crazy that
they did in all of their own rooms because it doesn't make sense if you're just gonna if you're
gonna punish a guy now maybe there's there's there's i don't understand the setup they have
there so if i'm wrong there uh what is it maya culpa yeah me a culpa yeah yeah it's just
unfortunate because we keep seeing these these these, these incidences where, you know, people are somehow getting punished for it's like, oh, how, you know, why is it happening like that? It's just like, there's so many things to think about that, like some of these things get like, left unchecked. And it's like a circumstance like this happens and you just feel terrible for everybody involved. Like imagine having to tell the guy, like, fuck, that's, that's, that's shitty.
Like imagine having to tell the guy like, fuck, that's that's that's shitty.
But although you have more of the other rules throughout the tournament that they've established, correct?
Not right in front of me, but they're pretty strict.
There's like I said, one positive, no matter what, you're gone.
And a very similar thing happened to Sweden's William Eklund.
He's a pretty high prospect and two of his teammates.
Basically, they had to send three guys home.
They had to send a coach home.
So it seems like they're being pretty  well, not seems like.
They are being pretty strict about the protocol.
You're one and done, basically. And even if it's a false positive, then they don't give a fuck.
You're gone.
Everything aside from that, I'm reading Canada, a very strong favorite.
20 of their 22 players are first-round draft picks in the NHL.
I don't think that that's the telltale sign,
but I think going into this one,
it's gold or bust.
This is the squad that needs to get it done.
I like Sweden. I like Sweden a lot, boys.
Who do they got? They got the kid from Detroit,
right? They have the kid from
Detroit. Lucas Raymond?
They have Lucas Raymond.
They have Alex Holtz, Noel
Gunler, Carl Henriksen.
Like, their offense is stacked.
So, I don't know.
I like Sweden a lot.
Finland, too.
Kirby Dock's back.
I mean, after you play in the NHL, it's going to feel nice for him.
He's going to dominate.
And you see some of the players that could be there, and they're not, too.
So, Lafreniere could easily still be there probably two more years.
It's going to be a sick tournament to watch and it's a perfect little
appetizer to get into the nhl season i'm fired up and games on christmas this year i believe
usa not very loaded but with they got that kid the first rounder to um to florida they got this
night kid you've been stroking him off on this podcast for I don't know how long.
I want to see him stand on his head.
Well, he's a  I haven't been stroking him off that much.
He goes to BC.
Congrats, by the way, Brooks Orpik, former teammate.
I believe he's hired as a coach at Boston College, assistant coach.
So good for Brooksie.
Spencer Knight, I just know his background, his resume is right there.
I mean, every step of the way, he's dominated.
Is he the next Cata Haas?
I don't know.
If you have a short tournament like this, Biz, and you have a good goalie,
you can win the whole thing.
Russia has the best goalie, Askarov.
Russia has by far.
That's the kid on Nashville drafted.
By far?
Is it by far?
I think he's by far the best goalie.
So if we were to ask 30 NHLs.
How many vitamins has he had?
I think everyone would say he's Russia's best player.
That's how good I think this goalie is.
All right, so now we're going to see who's going to play better.
I'm rooting for my countryman, Spencer Knight.
Grinnelli's rooting for a Russian, Askarov.
Grinnellikov, baby.
Toronto's Nick Robinson, also not on the U.S. team.
John Van Biesburg said it was a hockey
decision by the Leafs. Basically, they'd rather have
him trying out for their team than being with the World
Juniors. So, just another note there.
First off, we want to talk to you about cross-country
mortgage. It's America's crazy good mortgage
company. Whether you're a first-time
buyer or looking to pull some cash,
cross-country mortgage combines a people-first mindset with a dedication to the fundamentals of mortgage lending,
which results in a fast, easy, and stress-free home financing or refinancing experience.
Rates are super low right now, and they might not get this low again. And cross-country mortgage can
tell you within five minutes if they can save you some cash. Need to do that basement over or take
care of the kids' hockey bills? Cross-country mortgage can help you out. And don't be intimidated by the
home buying process. It's not as complicated as you think, and there are some amazing benefits
available for first-time homebuyers. Don't let common misconceptions stand in the way of you
buying a home. Go to ccmlens.com slash NBD to learn more about your future home buying experience or to refinance your current mortgage.
That's CCMLENDS.com slash NBD to learn more.
Cross-country mortgage, LLC, NMLS 3029, www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org, equal housing opportunity.
And speaking of houses, the NHL's still putting theirs together,
Biz, for the upcoming season. They're working on logistics and stuff. And to the surprise of
nobody, P.L. LeBrun, he tweeted, I think it was Sunday, we warned everyone that realignment
plan the NHL share with governors was subject to change and that exactly what appears to be
happening. Sources confirm the NHL is looking to make a few tweaks to those divisions again.
Clearly, some governors on Wednesday's call weren't pleased with the temporary division so
basically it looks like owners some owners are whining about where their team is but
i don't know biz i think they saw your instagram clip my five division fucking saw your five
division so i i watched a clip then i understood exactly what you're talking about but
to me it's like it's it's a little unfair given if like some divisions are
their top feeding teams like the the better ones are feeding off ones that have like a couple dog
shit teams so then all of a sudden if there's like a very strong division like there could be only
one team coming out of it so there's some pros and cons to each but you know i think for short
term like the like you said the five divisions the top team moves on and the next 11 and points go.
If they could snap the schedule around enough evenly, I think, yeah, run it.
I think they're going to go with the R.A. game plan.
Is that what is this for sure?
When do we know?
Yeah, when everything gets official.
I mean, yeah, but does it sound like that's definitely going to be the case?
Well, the ones I announced last show already changed,
like basically owners complained. So it's going to be, I don't know.
I would imagine some Midwest teams are going to have to be further West than
they plan on. That's what it sounds like. Some of the, you know,
Dallas, St. Louis, Minnesota, someone in that, that group.
But the all Canadian division will stay the same.
There are seven teams. Okay. That has to happen. Yeah. So, all right.
So there, again,
there's a bit of a discrepancy to the five division thing
because you have one that's so, there's so many teams, right?
So that's where it gets a little bit uneven.
Although I did like your outside the box thinking, all right.
Yeah.
Like I said, it's an off year, a different year.
You're playing a different schedule.
Let's get wild.
Let's get wild.
Seven divisions.
Let's get RA on spring break.
Hey, 56 divisions. 56 divisions. Everyone plays get RA on spring break. 56 divisions.
56 divisions.
Everyone plays in a half division.
Some teams play in one full division.
Sorry.
Spring break 91.
That wasn't that funny.
My apologies.
I don't get it, but I'm laughing at you.
I didn't get it either.
I just started rifling off numbers.
When did the Bruins get eliminated?
Like, when was that?
Can you give me a month?
Like, in the last playoffs?
Yes.
Tampa baby him.
What was it?
Late August?
Four games to one against Tampa, wasn't it?
September, October, November, December, January.
I'm surprised they're like,
Marshawn's going to be like late coming back and stuff.
Why didn't they get surgery earlier?
August 31st.
August 31st.
Yeah.
I mean,
it's surprising that some of those guys aren't ready.
I mean,
that's like you hitting a,
hitting a neutral button before you start playing in Russia,
just to lay on the training camp.
I can come back.
No,
I just said,
I'm not going to Russian training camp.
Well,
he's not going, he's not. It Russian training camp. Well, he's not going.
He's not going to be participating.
It's not even about saying not going.
It's more like I won't make it.
I know I won't make that.
It's hell on earth for those guys.
Biz, what do you think of this one?
Apparently, the NHL is looking to put ads on helmets.
Obviously, they need to make up for some lost revenue.
Elliott Friedman says ads on jerseys are going to come eventually. I don't like that. I'm fine with them on helmets. Obviously, they need to make up for some lost revenue. Elliott Friedman says ads on jerseys are going to come eventually.
I don't like that.
I'm fine with them on helmets, though.
I think they can actually jazz up the helmet,
especially a nice little pink Whitney logo.
Yeah, it would look good on some teams.
Listen, we're in tough times.
I'd be interested to know the number that they could make
by getting ads on jerseys.
I would imagine it could be significant because there's so much of
this uh this advertising budget that needs to be shifted um i would be i would be okay with it in
the short term i am a traditionalist i like how the jerseys are plain i would go back to that but
in the meantime guys this is a business i think they should do ads and helmets and we're going
fucking pink whitney right across Sidney Crosby's
goddamn fucking forehead.
I own you, bitch.
I own you, Sid.
All right.
I was just joking.
He won't wear the helmet.
He retires.
He gets a request to trade.
I'm going to get him the pink ear flaps that he wears.
Just did a hockey stick full of nips before we started today's show.
Yeah.
That's a cool little
contraption huh yeah that is sick but but is it fair to say that in the short term do ads on
jerseys just to like make more revenue yeah yeah everyone wants to make as much as they can right
now he did you say mention elliot said that i did yeah so i i does he mean though that this year or
in the future of the game he just says
eventually so i mean i don't know if it's going to be this season but i would it sounds like it's
something that's going to be coming down the pike uh well obviously we see it in europe where uh joe
just coming back getting ready for uh the season in toronto biz you either like biba austin matthews
like gossip king over there i think it's just i think well you gotta keep in mind right like
the league is kind of shifting into that direction too where like austin matthews right now i would
say he's like the who's the guy that everybody's falling in basketball all the time like off the
court like i mean i would imagine there's a lot more than just a few but he's kind of that guy
and i think it's like hilarious he's got the beebs connection who's a world famous superstar they're playing tummy sticks non-stop and you know he's fucking he i mean the quad thing he
obviously rolled his short up he's just flexing his quad shit short shorts to begin with doesn't
care he's showing his head and knuckles um and yeah no i just kind of keep up on it and uh and
i noticed that uh well you then you mentioned that joe thornton's coming so i just
said that that leafs nation has went from stroking their cocks off about the fucking beaver matthews
thing going on and then it shifted it to now that jumbo joe's coming back overseas from from where
he was playing overseas jumbo is going to be so good on that team the leafs are going to be the
canadian division is so good it's so it's going to be so good Saturday night.
And I just think that Thornton coming back,
you saw what he did for that team in Davos.
It's so cool.
By the way, I would say he might go play there until he's 50 years old.
He loves it.
He obviously is obsessed with being around the boys playing the game.
He's still nasty in that league.
So I don't know how much time left in the NHL, but Joe will go over there and probably continue to play because he boys playing the game. He's still nasty in that league. So I don't know how much time left in the NHL,
but Joe will go over there and probably continue to play
because he just loves the game.
And is the beard on its way back?
I could see him being a trainer.
Didn't Ackie Berg go back to...
What, like sharpening skates and like...
No, just basically handing out beers.
They would give him a trainer title.
What's Joe doing here?
He's just figuring out what we do after the games that's his massaging carl's ham hamstrings in the sixth
year of his uh his deal in san jose um but i think aki berg went back to finland somewhere and he
just like loved being around the boys so he took he took a trainer job and he like he kind of found
amusement and the boys would like pigeon
toss them they like throw their socks at him after practice and really yeah he just like he's just
one of the boys i thought that was akiberg akiberg is that how you say it no no i i i'd never heard
that story that's great do you know karate no game good what's that from revenge of the nerds
when fucking uh takashi was working in the men's locker
room the guy's like you know karate he's like no he's like good and he puts the fucking jock over
his fucking head old school comedy that's old school biz your boy went viral i saw i saw the
tweet last night your boy jeff he's your business manager your your partner whatever his correct
terminology is.
Yeah, I don't know what his title is either.
Yeah, what are you going to call him right now, Biz?
I would say he's my business partner because he just helps with everything.
Like we did this silly commercial for Watts and Gloves.
So like they tell me like, okay, we want you to get a commercial.
So we like get high and we just think of these stupid ideas.
And we're like, okay, what kind of gloves you got? And we're like, all right, we can think of these stupid ideas and we're like okay what kind of gloves you got we're like all right we can think of something stupid for
some of these gloves and then we did and then that's what we came up with and then we went out
one day and executed it all so all that we we stopped at four locations in one day we hired a
sound guy pasha who is my right hand man as far as like producer slash videographer and we and we
whipped that together and you know and Watson's site crashed,
and they're happy because it got their club some recognition.
Although it's a wonderful product.
The ones that you had on in the garage look so good.
Oh, they have great gloves.
That's what they do.
Quality.
Quality since 1918.
Ooh, look at that.
So Biz just went into his own commercial while we were talking about his business partner, Jeff.
So he helps with that.
Now, he booked a cameo from, you could tell the story.
Smokey Robinson?
Was that who it was?
Yep.
He booked it.
So his mother grew up on the same street or lived across the street from Smokey Robinson in Detroit years and years ago.
So Jeff, and I think on the cameo, Smokey says Jeff and his brother decided to get her a...
He wanted to cook up those old memories.
She used to see them on the street and stuff.
And he wanted to wish her a happy Hanukkah.
And now, correct me if I'm wrong
you you can spell Hanukkah with a c correct right you can spell it about eight different ways okay
when he got the note he he he thought it was odd because he didn't know what he was saying or what
he was talking about but he still wished Jeff's mom a happy and why don't you play the clip
Grinnelli because I'll butcher it. Hey, Marco. How you doing?
Surprise, surprise.
This is Smokey Robinson.
I know you didn't expect to hear from me,
but I was contacted by your sons, Jeff and Jer.
And they told me that you used to live in Detroit across the street from me.
And gosh, that's beautiful.
How you doing again?
Nice talking to you again, I guess.
But anyway, you're living in Vancouver now.
And they want me to wish you happy Chinooka.
I have no idea what Chinooka is.
But happy Chinooka because they said so.
Anyway, God bless you, babe.
And enjoy Chinooka.
Have a wonderful time.
So Smokey does not know what Chanukah is.
I think he thought he was being duped by saying something that he shouldn't be saying,
so he kind of played it safe.
But, guys, I didn't know that that's how you spelled it or said it.
Do you say Hanukkah even though it's spelled Chanukah?
Yeah, it's pronounced Hanukkah.
But, you know, I know everyone's having a chuckle at it. And I kind of felt bad because the guy's 80 years old.
And if he's never spelled Hanukkah or seen it spelled somehow
and you see it spelled that way and you don't know
and you're not familiar, then I'm fully sure
Spokie Robinson knows what Hanukkah is.
He's 80 years old.
He's been around the world a million times.
Yeah, I don't think it's really really like ripping on him no no so so so so it was it was received very positively like
everybody had a good shot oh he's such a sweetheart so uh jeff booked that for his mom and speaking
of cameo there was another one that went viral um so did i did i give you a good glossary of what
jeff does and helps out with so business business manager, I think that would be safe.
Yeah.
I would describe him as your business manager and friend.
Oh, friend more than anything.
You guys are boys.
And he helped with this McDonald's thing I have coming out next week.
It got bumped back a week, but that was silly as well.
And I sent that over to you guys.
But the cameo thing, Bruce Buffer, the UFC guy,
some guy paid him to dump his girlfriend.
So he, so he, could you,
could you play the clip of that one, Grinelli?
It's time for Kaylee to move on.
So this guy pays Bruce Buffer to gas his own.
You think that was legit?
I smell bullshit on that.
The internet said it, so it's got to be true.
Can we not just enjoy things anymore?
Let's pretend it was true, that this guy gassed his own lady.
I don't know.
I love laughing at a good...
Listen, Smokey, that was legit.
That's a great laugh.
This guy, it's a hilarious premise if it is true,
but I feel like there's some bullshit going on here.
But I could see a guy being that pissed off,
wanting to embarrass someone who fucking did him wrong in his eyes.
That's true.
Spend the money and embarrass her and whatever.
I mean, she's probably getting the last laugh in the long run.
But fuck it, if you're that mad, guys, anyone who gets dumped will do some crazy ass fucking shit.
She's watching him with a new guy behind her.
She was getting thumped when he walked in.
What was it?
Oh, Cameo.
Cameo was a blast.
Avery kind of got me on it.
I like doing it.
I go silly on it.
I go crazy for like three minutes.
I get really weird
so some people would be like what the fuck is this but it's it's kind of like improv and i've
it's probably my favorite app to be on now really yes are you doing are you doing like one a day
oh favorite because he's making money off of kevin kevin from the office it just came out made a
million dollars in the last year on Cameo.
No, but it's also fun because it's a great way to connect with fans.
And it's like you're like, hey, are you happy?
If you're not, I'll redo it.
And then they always leave happy.
So it's like you're not getting Rick from Red Deer chewing you out online.
It's just like a very positive platform.
They're like, bye, Biz.
We paid for an hour.
You've been here for four.
You can go now. Thanks, Biz. He's like, bye, Biz. We paid for an hour. You've been here for four. You can go now.
Thanks, Biz.
Biz is like, wait, you didn't give me that joint you promised you'd roll for me.
Oh, shit.
All right, boys, we should send it over to Voitex shortly.
But first, I want to let you know, most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
but memorizing every contract on CapFriendly doesn't always work.
Well, the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting,
and they don't require a prescription.
That's the best part.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipe's packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to good to good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets,
and you can get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets. And now enjoy
Wojtek Wolski. Oh, I'd like to welcome our next guest to the show. This forward was born in Poland,
but moved to Canada as a youngster and was taken 21st overall in the 0-4 draft by Colorado.
He played 400 in NHL games with five franchises before playing in the khl for seven seasons god
love you there and he just won the canadian reality show battle of the blades with his
skating partner megan doohamel thanks so much for joining us on spitting chiclets voytek volsky
thanks for having me i'm actually excited i'm a little nervous you guys are such a big deal now
like nah we're not not that's why we had you drinking cocktails before you came on. Then we gave you the fake out.
We switched the time half an hour later, so you get a little tipsy.
So we're going to get more stories out.
Biz mailed just some merch and some just hardcore hallucinogens
to just do this interview.
And the merch, when you just touch it,
you just get high as hell right from touching it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That would be R.A.'s line.
He would wear it once, and it would be from his sweat it would get you fucking high it's probably just because you
made it somewhere cheap as so the chemicals just got you oh okay yeah that's what you think of me
voightek not anymore you're a bit you're a big wheel now doesn't mean he's not cheap yeah that's
true yeah well voightek congrats on the big win a little different than what you
used to doing on the ice eh it was man that was such a cool experience it was so different
and you really had to come you know into a different zone and out of your comfort zone
to win that thing so i was happy i did it you ever skated in figure skates before or was that
your first time no never and then i. And then I actually started doing it.
And then someone told me that the guys had been practicing for a couple months.
They already knew that they were doing it.
I was like, this is bullshit.
I'm going to be awful.
Wow.
So Versteeg was one of those guys that was on it early?
They were figuring out the
Well, Stewie, like Anthony Stewart told me in August,
and he was like, I got to lose 50 pounds to get on that.
He was a unit when he okayed that thing.
But he did it and he lost a bunch of weight. And that was in,
I want to say like mid August or early August.
And I didn't find out that I was doing it till September 15th.
And Versteeg was the one that got me on the show.
Did somebody back out and is that why you did it?
And I guess this is kind of a follow-up question.
Like, does that mean you're retired? Like you done playing hockey yeah i'm gonna retire you know
what i actually talked to a gm today and i like thought about it but didn't tell my wife
and uh but i think i'm gonna retire i was like ah maybe i'll go back and try can we break it
break can we break your retirement i guess this is it yeah Yeah, I guess I'm retiring, boys. Fucking right. Congratulations, bud. What a run.
Thanks.
Biz McKenzie.
Biz McKenzie.
Oh, man.
Biz wants to charge for maybe like a special report.
You can type up yourself.
What was the LeBron thing they did?
The answer?
What did they call it?
No, the decision.
Oh, the decision. the decision the decision oh
fuck that was so stupid uh let's delete that uh going back to the whole figure skating experience
though like i mean obviously you picked it up fairly quickly you're already in shape like like
what was the whole process like the first two weeks were tough like you're a skate like you're
a hockey player you think oh i'm on skates i'm gonna pick it up it'll be fine and then you start turning and trying like a couple things that you think you
might be able to do and you hit those toe picks and you go down and it hurts okay like you know
like me like we had i put knee pads and uh elbow pads on every day but you fall on your hips or
like a couple times you fall on a shoulder it like it really hurts and then you
see her do it like there's a couple times i threw and i forgot to catch her just because i was kind
of like watching and she went down hard but she just gets right back up i felt like one time i
was like practice is over i'm like i need a break like let's get out of here but it was yeah they're
in like a bathing suit out there too oh is stopping the same like you know what i mean or is that way
does that feel way different too you know what i you know when you go skiing you do like a pizza
stop yeah that's pretty much what i was doing like the whole time okay i'm like we sometimes
we'd go too fast and she's like we're gonna have to pick it up if we want to like make it believable
and i'd be like i'm scared shitless like i can't do this i can't go any faster there's no way
when did you think you had a chance of winning this thing?
I don't know, like two or three minutes before they announced it.
No, I'm saying, though, right away.
So when you started practicing with her, you're not thinking, wow, we're actually pretty good together.
Like, we have a chance.
You know, it's a show, right?
So in the end, like when you go in the competition, you think, oh, it's a competition.
And then you're getting better. And you're like, oh,'re like oh we could win then you're like oh wait a minute
like there's votes involved you got steger breaking down his freaking his skates on the
internet getting all those votes i had to call biz to get to post for me just to get the votes
i was snapping the love around we had gone while we were while he was doing it
well yeah but like it's a show right so you never know what they're gonna think or who they want to kind of go from uh from show to show but i think like
after the third one i was like really getting into it i was like okay like i wanna i wanna win this
and megan she's such a rock star like we had a chance the whole time because she's so good
like she was like i don't want to say significantly better than everybody else, but like,
she's got like a gold medal, a silver medal brought like, she's good. Right.
Like, so right up there,
like I had an ace up my sleeve and she really wanted it.
She like every day she'd come in and she's like, we got to do this.
We got to do that. You got to work on this.
Like she was sending me videos at night, like break down this video,
like watch this double, you see how you do it.
Like that's not how you're supposed to do it. i'm like oh god like those are giving you shit you
better be ready to go yeah i want to know who the worst guy was like who who was the all you guys
were standing off the sides watching them and they just fall non-stop but you know what the guy said
like like bickle fell a lot at the beginning he was toe picking a lot but then he was so good
like he had that he was like he had all, but then he was so good. Like he had that,
he was like,
he had all these moves and he was really into it.
And his girl was really into it.
So if you go at all out on your toes,
boom,
you're down,
you're done.
You're done.
Like the worst part is too,
you get comfortable.
So you start kind of like feeling it a little bit.
You're like in the groove.
And like before the last episode,
I was like,
Oh,
now I figured it out
like i'm i'm good all of a sudden like down i think i posted one of those videos she did like
a triple sow cow and i was so excited that i was just like looking up watching her forgot to move
my feet just down on my face like laying on the ice so a little humble pie yeah still a nice a
nice way to go out as the career's ending to just get a get a quick title
get a quick win yeah no big deal had you ever seen the movie the cutting edge from back in the early
90s i hadn't seen it but uh i was watching clips like i i ended up going on youtube and looking up
all these clips because everybody kept bringing it up uh even now when i see people and they and
they're like oh you won they're like did you watch the movie? I'm like, fuck, I got to watch this movie.
Yeah, there's a ton of similarities,
but in case you hadn't seen it, it's actually an American player,
but he plays in the Olympics and he can't play hockey anymore
and he pairs up with a figure skater.
And, you know, they start kind of falling for each other.
I think it was like 1992, but it's a great flick.
I was wondering, too, were there any moves?
It was wild, R.A.
I saw that in the movie theaters.
No way.
I went to the movie theaters to watch that actual movie.
No word of a lie. I believe he played for the Chicago Black blackhawks and the reason he had to retire was concussions
correct either vision or concussions yeah db sweeney played played the hockey db sweeney's
like a poor man's um who's in gross point who's in gross point john cusack yeah like i think it
was john cusack then i'm like oh no way it was the guy that kind of looks like john cusack. Yeah, I think it was John Cusack. Then I'm like, oh, no way. It was the guy that kind of looks like John Cusack.
You know what?
I went and saw it right after Ladybugs.
I went to back-to-back movies with my mother that day.
So shove that right up your hoop.
I was just going to say they should check when that movie came out
because you could just be making that up.
I know.
This could have been four.
1992, I think.
I make up shit all the time on this podcast.
First term in your dad's nuts, just swimming around.
You hear about Johnny Goudreau showing up at the camp out of shape.
But listen, let's go back to the beginning,
like even before hockey began.
Your parents, obviously born in Poland,
moved over to Canada as immigrants, correct?
Yeah, very, very, yeah.
I was born in Poland.
We escaped communism, went to germany we
back then you said you were going on vacation and then you just with everything yeah with all
with your one suitcase packed with all your favorite shit right so you didn't get it
and then we uh we you know went to a refugee camp for almost two years. We were sponsored by the church.
Supposed to go to Winnipeg.
Instead of going to Winnipeg, got off in Toronto, went to my aunt's house and lived at my aunt's house until my parents found jobs.
Unbelievable.
How old were you at the time?
I was four.
Wow.
So you do have vivid memories of that?
It's so funny because when I think about germany i remember like it was like
the best time there's all these kids are running around playing soccer my parents like we were in
a refugee camp like you couldn't go anywhere like we weren't scared for you to run around because
it was a fence you couldn't get away like you were gonna be in the camp so it's nice that your
memories are like are good and enjoyable looking back on that i didn't know till i was uh a little older i was
i think i was like 15 or 16 and i think for my parents now it's like for me it's a moment of
pride that they were able to do that and i know that they sacrificed so much to come to canada
and like they didn't know the language um so i love those things and the fact that they did that
for us but i think for them back then it was
there was like a stigma attached to it even now there's a stigma attached to it right so it's like
they didn't want to tell me that because they didn't want me to feel a certain way
um was it was it an aunt on your mom or dad's side had they done the same thing prior or
so my mom's sister and my mom's brother both escaped. One of them was with us, I believe, and one went through Spain.
Wow, that is an unreal story.
Was hockey at all part of your family's life in Poland?
That was totally you just living in Canada?
Yeah, soccer was our thing.
My uncle played professional soccer.
My cousin played in the Polish League.
He played in the Olympics.
He played for the World Cup team for Poland.
So soccer was our thing.
But if you want to be friends with anybody when you're moving to a new school,
like hockey, that's the way to go, right?
You learn how to play hockey.
Who cares if you can speak English?
What were you told as a child as far as the politics?
Did you understand the gravity of everything, or were you just as a child, as far as the politics, did you understand like
the gravity of everything or were you just kind of bopping along with everything? We were, I kind
of just like, I had no idea, right? Like you don't understand. And now when I talk to my parents and
they're like, well, if we would have waited a couple more years and communism broke, there
would have been tons of opportunities. Like, you don't know that you can't see in the future. Like,
oh yeah, communism is going to break. Things are going to be great. The country's going to get
better. No, like at that point you're thinking like if we have a good life it doesn't
mean that my parent or my kids are gonna have a good life so um i don't know i just that's why
i'm so close with my dad and my mom like the things they had to do and every time i have like
a shit day or like things are not going well i'm like it's fucking better than what they had to go
through right like quick reminder yeah absolutely and and talking about the hockey side of things i heard a story about your first pair
of skates now i want to let you tell it did i hear correctly about you and your brother oh yeah uh
my brother's five years older so we got like a i think we went to play it against sports and a lot
of pair of skates and they're about five sizes too big. And I would just have to wear those ones.
So I would put a couple extra socks on.
It was like three, four or five pairs of socks,
depending upon how old I was at the time.
And I just wear those socks or those skates.
But I think the first couple of times I thought it was so cool to take the
skates and just run on the concrete. Cause it would make sparks.
And this guy would lose it on me.
That's what the on the bench boys do they stole your move
yeah i mean he gets lucky he gets to have skates that fit and yours is just absolute boats they
could have gone a little small for him so it helped you a tiny bit yeah oh fuck they should
have done something like that was he a player was he a player was he you know just kind of fizzled out like or did he have some skill he was like nine years old when he started he was uh
quite the athlete like he was a great soccer player at the time he was when we left poland
like he was a better soccer player than my cousin my cousin ended up being like mvp of the polish
elite like he was an elite soccer player so he still brings that up fuck he's gonna bring it up for sure now but uh he was a player and i think you know he taught me how to take a slap shot he
he would take me everywhere with him and every time i played um i played with him right so he's
like five years older you have a big brother like he makes you better because he beats the shit out
of you or knocks you over and uh you got to get better so i think
you know big part of my success is probably due to him and he went to uh skate on i don't know
if you guys know but yari bersky but like scam coast goes there and and all brent burns went
there as uh like all these guys my brother went there and i went there because of him
he's a skill coach and i believe that i i also heard that you might be working for him now
as far as skill development and go a little bit more into that,
I guess, cause you used them so much growing up and I guess that's how you
ended up getting to the OHL.
Yeah. So I, um, I kind of went this summer when we didn't have anything to do,
I started going to camps and working with kids and seeing if I liked it.
Um, you know, I don't know what I'm going to do after hockey.
It's kind of like up in the air. I might start a podcast, make a bunch of money. I don't know what I'm going to do after hockey. It's kind of like up in the air. I might
start a podcast, make a bunch of money. I don't know. Sell some vodka. Sell some alcohol. Start
a tequila. You're an entrepreneur in yourself and we'll get into that later. Don't even start.
But yeah, I still like hockey and I like kind of giving back i think i've when i thought about retiring at some
point and i thought about all the things that i'd gone through and learned and traveled and went to
different leagues and i thought like you know i gotta like somehow pass this on to some of the
guys and um this summer was a great time for me to go on the ice at skate on and work with you
know guys that are anywhere from 10 to to to the nhl so that was a
lot of fun i really enjoyed being there and and working with yari and giving back and kind of like
helping other kids that are in the same position that i was in was he not the guy who who helped
spezza and that's how spezza got so filthy so when i was like i want to say i was eight years old
spezza was already going there as well.
And he was so good back then.
And I was looking at Jason being like, that's how good I want to be.
And he was a couple of years older than me.
So he was kind of that driving force is like seeing him.
And then I played with Jason's brother, Matt,
because we're the same age group.
So I would see Jason on the ice all the time.
And he was like, his hands. It was like,
it was like insane.
His wingspan.
When he controlled the pocket,
it was like nothing,
nothing I'd ever seen before.
He was a,
he's an 83.
So look,
I'd always heard about him starting.
What?
Like 12,
13.
You start hearing about like the best of the best.
So you hear Jason Spezza,
Jason Spezza.
And then finally I was so excited under 17.
He makes world junior team though, instead as a 16 year old.
So we don't even get, I still don't get to see him.
Like how good is this guy?
But at that tournament is when I first saw and heard of Kowalczyk,
Kowalczyk, whatever you say.
And I was like, he was so incredible.
Russia won it.
It was so amazing.
And I remember thinking, wait, there's a guy better than him.
You know what I mean? I was like,
what the fuck? I'm this age? Now, sure enough,
it ended up being where Spez
went two and Elio went one.
I just had always
heard and never got to see him play.
It was like
when you hear a William Wallace
Braveheart. He invented the
backhand toe drag.
He invented everything. It's insane. you hear a William Wallace. Yeah. Braveheart. He invented the backhand toe drag. Yeah.
He invented everything.
It's insane.
They were so good.
They were so much better than everybody else.
That was like the one thing.
Who, like who were kids,
any kids that you grew up playing with at a young age
end up making it to the NHL as well from your area?
Not any like big, big stars like my age.
But we had like, i had one team i was like liam redox played for edmonton for a little bit i played with him um he was on my like summer team
evan mcgrath signed in detroit he was like on my summer team like we had a lot of guys that were
like you know went to university or went pro but from like eight years old like they were
just really really good hockey
players all the way up but i'm trying to think of like guys that would have been like superstars
my my year kind of sucked 86s weren't that uh even though ob went my draft whatever
yeah i saw a pic i saw a pic of us mutants uh at the draft it was a bad looking group you dropped
to a pretty sick city and and team to get to play there right you were coming it was It was a bad looking group. You dropped to a pretty sick city and team to get to play there, right?
It was a time
where it was definitely a new beginning
for the Avalanche after what they had
done and been through late 90s, early 2000s.
And then I
think that the crew you had there
might have been one of the funner group of young
guys I've ever heard of for the first few years
in the league. You mentioned Yipper was there.
Were you there when Shaddy was there? No, I just missed him.
I saw him at Chris Stewart's wedding and they
loved it.
They ripped it. That's why they all got traded.
Yeah, that's probably why.
I got traded. Stewart got traded.
We had so much fun.
That was my best year ever.
That year when it started getting fun
because we just had a ball.
We would go to the game, we'd win, and then we'd go to the strip club.
Or if the girlfriends were in town, we'd go to a nice family dinner.
Sign me up.
But we were just having such a good time.
We were winning, and then we were young and having just the best time.
Then I got traded to Phoenix, and it just got even better because i
had biz there oh my god we had a crew we had like five or six of us that was when the champagne
started showing up to our tables with you know you go out with the boys you know yeah okay a
couple gray goose bottles all right we'll cut it off there no walski showed up with the fucking
sparklers coming out baby yeah haven't won on the road since November. No, no. We did good that year.
Oh, no.
Wolski came there.
Him and Stepniak at the deadline.
And we ended up making the run to
Oh, no.
Oh, that was that year.
No.
Austin gave seven to Detroit.
That's right.
And you had five goals in seven games.
Yeah.
But Donner broke his ribs.
Donner broke his ribs because he didn't want to
he's such a nice guy.
He didn't want to hit the goalie because he was sliding so he jumped over the goal he went into the boards broke his ribs
he missed game seven yeah oh we got out cappy 10 wasn't detroit stacked that year though like that
was pretty good to take him to seven well we were the we were the favorite like at that point we
were so what year was this 2012 that was the year before we ended up making our run.
Yeah.
Right?
Or the year before that.
We lost back-to-back years to the Detroit Red Wings in playoffs.
One year, we got swept four games.
The year Wolski was there, we lost in seven.
And I thought we were better than them.
Fucking Babcock.
We lost.
It was 2010.
We had a ton of fun that year.
We were shitting the ice in game seven, but we had so much fun.
It was definitely a good time.
So, you used to have this weird pre-game routine where you used to you were like the
the you know who's the golfer jimenez oh yeah he's got he always got that was walski outside
the locker room doing his dynamic warm-up did did sakic not teach you how to do it or something
yeah so uh joe was like he had all these weird things he was doing all the time and the guys
like nobody would say anything because they get traded but uh you know behind his back they would
but uh no joe joe some of the fucking stories like we'd have i can't remember the gm at the time i
don't i'm gonna go off here but the gm would come in and say something and the boys would kind of be
like all like rattled and pissed off and joe joe would stand up and say something, and the boys would kind of be all rattled and pissed off.
And Joe would stand up, and he didn't say much,
but when he did, he would say something like,
okay, boys, you know who the real GM is here, okay?
Let's not worry about what he says.
I'm going to be the GM one day.
Don't worry about it.
It's going to be fine.
We're going to win this game.
I'd be like, okay.
Fair enough.
Yeah, and there was like
times his kids would run in in uh like pre-game like talk like chat his kids would like run and
be like dad get out of here like nobody was saying anything just like whatever it's joe like
who cares you know he's gonna be he's gonna own the team one day yeah but uh joe ended up like
teaching me all these different dynamic
warm-ups and stretches and stuff so i like i started putting them in and uh then i had matt
nickel who's like one of the best uh trainers i'd say in the world for for hockey players and
between joe and matt uh i had my crazy dynamic warm-up so you grew up rooting for joe and then
you got to play on the same team with him did you ever get to play on a line with him at any time so my first year my rookie year i played
with joe um i played with him and andrew brunette it was like incredible joe was like i think he had
90 something points that year like he was lights out he was uh it was so much fun and he like
scored those big goals and and but he was but he was the ultimate leader.
He'd be there with the boys playing FIFA and poker on PSPs and stuff,
and he'd show up for beers and stuff.
He'd never get too crazy, but he'd always be there to be around the guys.
He was just such a class act, and everything they say about him.
Sometimes they say stuff about guys, and they're like,
that's fucking bullshit.
Joe is like what people say about how great he is and and how uh amazing a captain like that was him
was it almost like easy playing with a guy that skilled i mean he's called the nhl easy but when
you're playing with a guy that good oh yeah and it was like as a rookie i remember like messing up
and getting just reamed out by quindle. Like in Quindle would go after you.
And then,
and I'd be like,
I got to dump,
like,
I'm going to dump it in next time.
And Joe would look at you and be like,
kid,
who do you think runs this team?
Okay.
You're not dumping it up.
And I'm like,
okay,
I guess I'm not dumping it.
Because the way you want to get off my line is start dumping it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did Quindle not say a word to him?
You know what?
The thing about Quenville, he had his older guys and he knew,
like he knew that his big boys were his big boys.
And then he kind of, he rode that.
He had like five kind of whipping boys that he really went after.
But like, we'd have, we'd have practices sometimes.
And, you know,
the coaches would put up a drill and they kind of like look at Joe and
Joe's like, we're not doing that.
That's the Lemieux treatment I talk about all the time.
It's fucking nuts.
But it was, it was amazing. Like we, we had it,
we had Turgeon on that team and like Adam Foote and Rob Blake and like all
these just like, you know,
those guys that you like you had in your hockey pool before you made the NHL like yeah incredible superstars
who's your roommate rookie year
oh they put me with Conor Walsh like he just kept it real straight and narrow like they they almost
knew like this kid beat somebody up like we're gonna put him in conno conno's gonna really set him straight
get the thug yeah um i wanted to ask about uh saint mike's because that's kind of where you
you headed um i don't know how you ended up there i know that uh selkie and affiliated to the actual
actual selkie trophy they had a part in in bringing you somehow. So my, one of my best friends is Frank Selke, who is like,
he's like junior Selke,
but he's like two times removed from the start of it all. Right.
But Frank went there. We became best friends at St. Mike's.
My dad had like met a couple of different families.
He was working in marble and granite,
like installing like
kitchens and bathrooms at their houses and he was like oh they send their kids to St. Mike's
like all the rich folks send the kids there so uh I ended up taking the test and then and then
Frank was there the whole time and uh kind of we became best friends and he was just like
I know this amazing dude uh from a big hockey family. And I don't know.
St. Mike's really just  St. Mike's was that place that, like,
you know as a kid that came from nothing,
it's a place where you go and I just, like, dreamed.
Like, I was like, you see that nice car.
You see that family that, like, really made it.
You're like, that's, like, what I want to do one day.
I want to make the NHL so I can, you know, be there.
All right. He's like Brendan Fraser so I can be there. All right.
He's like Brendan Fraser in school ties at St. Mike's.
Doesn't it sound like that?
It's a deep cut right there, yeah.
No, it's not a cut.
He's like the best player.
No, I mean like an older movie.
That's all.
Okay, fair enough.
This is what happens on our podcast.
We argue with one another while we have a guest on.
We're degenerates.
Can you explain to me?
So there's St. Mike's that you were at, but is there an OHL St. Mike's?
That was in St. Mike's.
So the OHL team had, like, think about like a private school that at the time they had an OHL team.
They had a junior B team, like the Buzzers.
They had like a school team. It was teams going i was crazy so you're playing for the junior b team but they couldn't
just take you in the oh like then you you still have to go to the old draft it's not like because
you go to school they have a chance yeah but that like it was like i was a i was a i want to say it
was 14 turning 15 playing in junior b watching those OHL guys go on the ice right after us,
like Tim Brent and like all those guys that they were sick.
Andy Chiodo was there and Peter Budai.
I played with both those guys.
I played with Chiodo and Brent.
Both great guys.
And I was with Timmy in Russia too.
I've got some great Timmy stories.
So Whit, I don't know if you ever played in this barn, St. Mike's.
No, I never did, but I heard about it.
The fact that this thing was an OHL rink was a great shit hole.
You could score from the red line.
It was a shit box.
If you put it off the end boards, it would be like a chance out front of the net.
It was like playing bubble hockey.
That's how crazy St. Mike's was.
And you couldn't beat them in the playoffs.
They made the finals almost like the conference finals for sure every year Yeah. That's how crazy St. Mike's was. And you couldn't beat them in the playoffs.
They made the finals almost like the conference finals for sure every year
because you couldn't beat them in that barn because it was just so tough.
It was very difficult.
And then you ended up getting drafted to Brampton.
You'd play with Stan Butler, who I would consider him a pretty iconic
Canadian coach as far as world juniors and all that's concerned.
Oh, for sure. Like I, I was supposed to go to Michigan state as an underage.
Like I was fast tracking school at the time I wanted to go to Michigan state.
And then I got drafted by Brampton, Stan Butler.
I lived like less than 10 minutes away. So my parents were like,
this is an amazing coach. You should probably go play there. And thank thank god i did because he was like he was one of those guys he would rip you to shreds like i mean he'd
go around the room and just carve every single guy remember we had we had this one goaltender
and uh he was dating the snack bar girl and and we got pumped like six one or something
and he comes in he goes that's why you're dating the snack bar girl.
If you play like that,
you think you're going to get a playboy playmate?
No fucking way.
You're always going to be dating
the snack bar girl.
Oh my God.
Stan just got cancelled.
Right after,
he looks at one of the other guys
and that guy had cheated on his girlfriend and she started dating another guy on after right after he's like he looks at one of the other guys and
like that guy had like i guess cheated on his girlfriend and she started dating another guy
in the team he's like that's turnover that's why your ex-girlfriend she's fucking him now okay
it was like by the end of it it was like he didn't do it to one guy he did it to everyone
he looked at me he was like walls you're not a
box of chocolates okay you don't make the nhl you think these hot girls are gonna keep hammering
around that's how he yeah and he's got that voice he's like not a chance not a box of chocolate was
this guy coaching the oh forever biz well if he still is he ain't anymore he's gonna get canceled just like his fucking eye
or his uh his sideburns he this guy used to shave his like he used to shave so high up he had like
negative sideburns it was nuts i'll say though he was like he was one of those guys that you know
you had coaches that beat you down in the ocean they put or any league they put you up in the
rafters and you'd never see another game he would beat you down and then the next shift he put right back out yeah that's better you had
an opportunity to redeem yourself and he was he knew hockey he was like great at coaching and
and getting guys like to bring it out of you so i had a lot of fun but uh we had some good laughs
there i'll be honest man those are the coaches that i love the most. And I guess it's a little sick and twisted,
but the ones that were the hardest are definitely the ones I'd put above the rest.
R.A., I think you had one there.
Yeah, well, we mentioned Phoenix already.
Of course, you were there, Biz.
But that locker room must have been like the comedy store.
Not only you had Biz, you had Yandel, you had Ray Whitney, the other Whitney,
Upshaw, a coin, Ilya Brizgalov doing his insanity.
That must have been a wild couple of seasons there.
You were there.
We had a lot of fun.
You know,
that,
that first game,
my first game,
I got traded from Colorado to Phoenix.
We played Colorado the very first game there.
And it was trade deadline.
So there was so many guys like,
uh,
who else got traded there?
I remember.
Like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like,
like, like, like, like, like, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, That's when we got. many guys like uh who else got traded there i remember like step yak step yak and uh mo
oh yeah do we oh man that's when we got derrick morris back and so so him back with yans was
it was it was nuts it was nuts it was a circus there was so much money on the board and you were
and you were djing right before the game i remember biz had his fucking dj set like go in he was no he
wasn't even warming up he was just playing the music he was just like getting excited i knew i
wasn't going to be in the lineup with that he's giving guys like molly with their red bulls
they're like uh biz we got a game yeah we had we had we had a great team and a good group of guys
kind of like you talked about in colorado where, I mean, you know, Saturday win. Okay, we got about seven guys on deck.
Sunday off.
We had Sunday off.
Sunday off.
That's a green light if I ever saw one, Whit.
Yeah, it was a good time.
But so I came in, and I already knew you.
I knew Daniel Winnick.
And then, like, you had Paisley in the group
and, like, Korpikowski and Samuel Apisto.
Like, that was our was our  Weapons.
Weapons.
I know.
I know.
Because they're all better looking than us.
They kind of just like
We would
You guys kind of look like somewhat similar.
We were twins.
That's what we were telling the girls at the bar.
That's how we would end up fucking sandbagging them.
We get all the
That's the original sandbagger yeah we played colorado
that first game and there's like thousands and thousands of dollars up for game winning gold
and we're tied and i i think i scored with like 26 seconds left to beat colorado
and the boys came in and a bunch of like mo and some of the other guys had cash on them
and they started just making it rain on me in the room because that was like
this he's like well business just picking it up off the floor i found one but i got six in my
pocket he's like okay all right he's going for the cash i take his credit card uh we had a lot
of fun and then that summer i uh i got a big deal that summer. And I invited Biz up to my cottage.
I don't know if Biz has told you the story.
You were so generous.
That's one thing about you for sure.
You ended up getting your nice ticket.
Yeah, we went up to Muskoka.
Wait, this is my first ever experience in Muskoka.
That was the Hamptons of Toronto.
Oh, yeah.
I'd say Kelowna is the Hamptons.
Okay, fair enough.
It's a little nicer, but Muskoka is pretty nice.
Yeah, we were up there.
We were up there, right, for the pond party?
I mean, I saw it in the winter.
It was good.
I mean, everyone says it's 100 times better in the summer.
Summer is nice.
I bring
See grass.
And we go to this big party.
It's probably  it probably on an island.
It's got hundreds of people.
It's catered.
Like there's, you know, people handing out drinks, hors d'oeuvres, all this stuff.
Biz wears a fucking black Speedo and a sombrero.
Okay.
Everybody's like dressed up like this.
This is when he's the biggest OHL asshole hockey guy okay and he doesn't he doesn't know
the only people he knows at that party were in my boat okay there's hundreds of people so he gets
off in the dock and everybody's like looking like who the fuck is this who is this loser by the end
of the party biz they do this like tradition the guy guy that owns the house, he jumps off the,
it's like the two or three flights off the boathouse into the water
and everybody cheers his name and everything.
The guy's up there.
Biz is right behind him jumping off the boat.
This speedo is somewhere around the boathouse.
With the owner.
I'm like, this guy's going to come out of the water naked for sure.
No speedos on, nothing.
But like everybody loved him and that's just business personality.
Everywhere he goes, people love him.
Except for the house owner, whose boathouse is nicer than my actual house.
Weren't invited back, that's for sure.
Yeah, that was a one-way ticket.
That was like telling Sackick what to do on the line,
one-way ticket back to the AHL.
I got sent back to Welland after that.
That was 10 games
sussy uh what else did we have to ask you oh um i i talked about uh or we got to get into russia
and going back overseas unless you guys had something else in between well no i mean there
was there were some trades that you and you went to the rangers in florida for a bit but when it
all kind of came to the end in the nhl, were you at all thinking about the HL?
Were you definitely just going to go make coin in the KHL?
How did it all come down to just leaving North America?
Because it ended kind of quick, dude, for you.
It really did.
When I look back, there was times I'm like,
fuck, maybe I should have stuck it out another year.
I probably could have got back the form.
You were really good in Russia, man.
I played against you your second year.
I remember thinking, I think we talked once.
I was like, why isn't he back in North America?
Money.
No, I know.
100.
You're making bank.
Yeah.
So when I was in Washington, that was the first time that I was like,
I'd been
making a you know a significant amount of money with these contracts i was like still getting
paid very well and then washington was that lockout year and that was like a minimum deal
and i wasn't playing well i was getting healthy scratch and then i got a two-year offer from
russia for like a lot like four times as much like and i was like okay like i
thought playing well maybe this is like you know this could be my last ticket so it's a cash grab
yeah like i didn't know i was like i was 28 thinking like this could be it like i maybe i
don't find my game again to go over there the first year. I have a pretty good year. And then I'm thinking, you know what?
Like this, I remember in the summer being like,
I'm going to do everything I can to like have a good year and then come back
to the NHL. And then my, uh, my wife now, but she got pregnant.
So I was like, I really got to make this one count. So I went back,
I had an incredible year. Um um i think i started the year
with like 13 goals in 20 games like something like that so i was like oh this is like going
on then i had like i had a tear in my back this is actually a fuck i have to tell the story but
i had a tear in my back in one of the in uh in one of the games i kept playing but they kept
giving me needles you know in russia with they just like here like here's some vitamins and this is this is recovery you know it's one of the things in
the buffet and breakfast it's like yeah i'll get some vitamins yeah the recovery i'm like okay
they're like morning skit i'm like i don't think i can go more and see it's like it's okay we give
you a needle i'm like for morning skate like i can't go in morning skate let's make it a needle
to go on the morning skate right so that night i play we're in uh like outside of moscow i play
i think i got like one and one in the first period so i like my back's hurting i'm getting massages
between but like i go on the table i can't get off the table like i literally can't get up i'm
in so much pain at this point that i'm like like i can't move i'm like crying spasming they bring in like this russian doctor like oh we have
russian doctor at game very very famous russian doctor okay cool they bring them this guy is like
one of those like eastern healers he's like rubbing his hands together like mr miyagi like
his hands on me i'm like what is going on here? I'm like, this is not going
to help, but I'm just going to go with it. And they're like, I still can't like the game ends.
Like I stayed the whole next two periods. I stayed on the table. Game ends. They're like, okay,
we're going to fly home. You can go to a Russian hospital or you can go to this doctor's house.
I like never, I just met the guy. Like, like, I'm not going to a Russian hospital by myself. I'm like,
is someone going to stay with me? They're like, no, no.
Our physio has to go with team. You go alone.
I'm like, I'm not going to a fucking Russian hospital.
I'll go with this doctor that I've never met the healer. I go to his house.
They put me on a, like a stretcher. They stretcher me to his house.
The guys like bring me to his couch. I'm on his couch now. Okay.
stretchers they stretcher me to his house the guys like bring me to his couch i'm on his couch now okay he comes over like a full glass of whiskey and two painkillers like this this help you feel
better in the morning his son is talking to me translating his son learned how to speak english
through call of duty okay so like like you can't make the like it's just like oh my god i was like
a spiritual healer gave you two two perk daddies
and a nice tall glass of whiskey we had a guy i could get my phd i'm gonna write a book i stayed
there for three days okay three days on his couch his wife made me like breakfast lunch and dinner
and then after three days i could walk so they're like okay you can go home
you and the kid have a fucking e-sports team playing college dude you buy that you're like
no i'm good i'm gonna stay i'm gonna stay here and the wife they found out it was a khl play
his house he was just on a road trip the doctor's staying there the doctor didn't even live there
just left me but yeah you know they were so nice
i had a great year and then i thought like i called my agent at the end of the year because
i had a sick year that was i went we had dinner at uh in sochi at the all-star game i felt again
i don't think you were in it though i don't know fuck no are you kidding me i i i came over there
for about 40 games and a bag of cash. Thanks a lot.
I wasn't going to stick around the training camp.
Would you go over there?
Would you go over June 20th for camp?
I went on Halloween.
Yeah.
Who's winning that one?
Your all-star game or my enjoying my fall?
Yeah, that's true.
But you actually, you, I remember we were chatting because there's a
bunch of north american guys at that dinner i think tim brent was there it was like there was
like 10 of us yeah and then um did you then the next year you signed magnetagors that must have
been big money fuck so that so that's what happened that summer is like i called my agent
i'm like hey i had a great year like can
you get me a deal uh in the nhl he's like i can maybe get you a deal for minimum like one year
i was like i was like okay like i think i'm gonna wait it out here and see what uh magnetagor scoffers
but uh i had a bunch of offers and timmy brent i I went to Timmy Brent's house in Florida to visit him.
And he's like, oh, Magnetogorsk is great.
Like, you know, like, they're so good.
Like, the hockey's great.
The city isn't that great.
But, like, it's okay.
And the team's always good.
I'm like, I don't know.
Yeah, they won a championship, like, the year before.
I had Timmy.
Timmy Brent was with me in the other Russian city.
After, like, a couple weeks, he just
went in and was like, yeah, I'm out of here.
Trade me. I can't deal with this shit.
Our coach was fucking nuts. Crazy.
Yeah. I don't know
if Timmy told you those stories. Yeah, he's insane.
They kidnapped his family
in order to convince him to go there.
Yeah, Peter Skudra.
He was like...
The second year, actually, before a playoff game, I told him I was going to kill he was like the second year i actually before a playoff game i told him i was
gonna kill him and then like the following year he was like he made me captain that was the first
year sorry i told him i was gonna kill him because he called me a polack but uh yeah i got off track
he was screaming at guys on the ice oh he fought a coach between the benches yeah yeah that's what it was yeah but uh timmy brent
ended up being like you got to go to magny and it's gonna be so much fun you know and my wife
and eva like his wife were friends he's like gonna be great the girls will be together i'm like okay
you know what fine i'll sign i call mike keenan i'm like you know what like mike i'm gonna i'm
gonna come i'm excited you know Timmy said
great things he's like oh yeah Timmy's retiring Timmy's Timmy's not playing him or he's retiring
I'm like oh you're like well what he had to have you take over his contract to get out of the deal
yeah I thought he's got his family back yeah I called I called my wife. I'm like, yeah, babe, we signed.
But Eva and Tim, they're not going to be there.
She's like, what do you mean?
I thought that's why we kind of thought it was going to be a good spot for us.
I'm like, yeah, he's retiring.
She's like, what the fuck is going on?
Was Keenan your coach there?
Oh, man.
I feel like Keenan brought me there.
Okay.
And then they're so serious about hockey like they
want to win the owners like he's a bajillionaire i mean like there's money bags and they own the
whole city like the steel mill like that he owns owns the team they like own everything in the city
he just wants to win every year so 30 games in or 20 games in where
we lost three in a row the gm comes in one day like we're on the bikes he comes in he tells the
coaches to leave and he's like you guys want me to fire the coaches we're like no like we lost he's
like you guys aren't playing well we're like we lost three games like we're in second place
he's like but should we fire the coaches? Like, no.
Like, why would we fire the coaches?
Like, he's like, okay, I give them one more week.
So like a week past, we lost a couple more games.
And then they just fired Keenan and promoted the assistant coach,
who is a great guy, which is, which was like fun.
But we ended up winning the championship that year.
Oh, no way.
Yeah.
Like we had a absolute, we had a absolute we had a we had
moseyakin on our team who was like oh biz this guy yeah so these are these are the russians that
will never see but these players are unbelievable oh my god this guy was like the things he did
in playoffs like we're we're down a goal oh no problem like go scores the tying goal overtime goal like like no problem like like
nothing happened he was just he was absolutely incredible was he on the vitamins we were all
on the gas at that point this guy was so nasty and he i just hockey dv'd him his picture from hockey dps incredible oh my god hey let me look him up i gotta i gotta get my
reaction he wasn't the fastest player or like the hardest shot and but he was just impossible to hit
so elusive he gets so many points one of the hardest one-timers i've ever seen
oh so is his shot way better than i mean i actually saw him score a rocket just the other
day on twitter but it doesn't look like that like amazing when he's out on the ice you know what i
mean i commented on that that shot that you're talking about i got fucking roasted i had to like
like i was gonna delete my account why would you say i was just like he he could be one of the best
shooters like pure scorers that i've ever seen and And I've played with, like, Joe Sackick and Forsberg and, like,
these guys.
He could shoot.
Like, he had that hard one-timer that he showed in that clip.
But he had these, like, soft wrists.
He would do things to goalies in practice.
Like, it was embarrassing.
Like, it was, like, funny.
Like, guys would laugh.
Was he a good guy?
Oh, like, the best guy.
That's awesome.
You would have
these russian guys get crippled don't they though like when when they get their green light they go
harder than any other culture we've ever seen we would have uh training camp a fucking seven
week training camp in uh germany which was like just absolute killer we go play italy in italy
so we do like a four hour bus ride there and we'd always have a day off and it was like just an absolute killer we go play italy in italy so we do like a four-hour bus ride
there and we'd always have a day off and it was like two hours it was in garmisch it was a two-hour
drive to munich and we had him uh kovash and zarapov and yeah another legend bill there's
denny zarapov okay i mean biz sorry like the way these guys operate like like zarapov had
five different cars and a driver that he like when he was in magnetagross his driver lived there when
he went to kazan his driver moved like moved his whole family uprooted his family like moved to
kazan but we would play this game in italy and all the boys would jump on the bus and go four
hours home these guys were such beauties they had the day off they would take a helicopter to munich like the rest of the team was on the bus they
would not or not going on the bus day off helicopter to munich they party all night like
they just and they were they were just awesome like we would get days off like in russia you
know how it is like you don't you get a day off like a season but in magny because of mosaic and
like we get days off all the time like every couple days optional practice we just play soccer
like we play five he like loved playing volleyball and soccer so we just played instead of practicing
like the day before game soccer or volleyball or like it was it was awesome. What's he making? Like seven. He was making for like 10 years.
I sat next to him in the dressing room.
So I asked him like,
like Mosey,
like,
why didn't you go to the NHL?
Like I heard one year he had 28 offers.
Cause he was like,
I thought he went to Columbus's camp or something.
I don't know.
But he told me,
he goes like,
why I leave?
Like I don't speak English. My, my family don't speak but he told me he goes like why i leave like i don't
speak english my my family don't speak english like why i leave i love russia and he was like
he'd go to russia like like say panarin's young enough you know panarin left gusav left because
they're young but for him like he was making like five american tax free the whole time yeah i mean
the year that we were we played with him like those like that contract
that he was on he would get uh everybody would laugh because he'd get a million dollar bonus at
10 points okay the third game of the year the first year i came the third game he got his 10
points and the boys started losing it like it was just like just a million bucks tax free like right
there so he was just such a legend
but like i don't know we i had so much fun in magneto gross when we won that year and uh sick
following year i broke my neck obviously but it was it was awesome chalk that down as the most
ludicrous bonus of all time million bucks tax free that'd be like giving biz a million bucks
after he plays levels for the 15th time
in the pregame song intro you know what i'll say about biz
you are a fucking asshole that is that's top 10 right there with you guys well i'll give you
credit biz you weren't playing and you would still make the 40 minute drive from fucking scottsdale
and you would show up early so the boys would get their music,
and you'd hype the boys up for the game.
And that's why they loved you.
That's true.
I never, not one time in Phoenix when I was a healthy scratch
would I not warm up.
So that's kind of what I had to do.
You were going to ask something.
Sorry there, Ari.
No, that's all right.
He mentioned it himself.
October 2016, you broke your neck after crashing into the boards.
Just an awful injury to see.
Did you think you were ever going to play again after that?
Uh,
not really.
Like I,
I,
you know,
when I broke my neck,
it was such a,
like a weird thing.
I thought I was paralyzed for a little bit.
Then all of a sudden,
um,
you know,
I can move my,
my hands,
my feet going into the ambulance.
And then,
you know,
as a hockey player,
I remember like I was on that ground and what you, you know know exactly what i'm talking about those russian guys go down sometimes
they get like a puck in the foot they stay down so when i went down into the boards even though
i thought i was paralyzed i was like don't be a pussy like you can't stay on this you better
fucking get up right now so i was like i'm not gonna be one of those russian guys that just
stays on the ice so i was like trying to get up and then they're like no no no stay down like we're gonna put you on the stretcher they didn't like strap me down
nothing i get into the uh ambulance like no straps we're going over railway tracks like i'm bumping
around and uh we get to the we get to the hospital and they're like the the one like physio guy comes over and he's like my translator at the time he
goes oh no no good news good news four weeks no problem like vitamins yeah vitamins gas you're
good but uh and i'm thinking like oh fuck i'm like i'm like that's not that bad like four weeks like
i'll take a couple i'll take a week off and i'll fly home russia if you got a week if you could fly
home for a week that was like that was home for a week, that was like,
that was a ticket, you know, like that was a bonus.
That was a bonus that you didn't even know you got.
All it took was breaking your neck to get a little vacay.
And then, and then he comes, he leaves, he comes back and he's like, Oh,
sorry. Bad translation.
Broken neck two places at minimum four months.
I was like, where do we go from four like i'm
kind of bad translating google like like like no no breaks in my neck four weeks to broken neck
like two places oh my god hey we're looking at an mri of a foot too when they when they did
wrong foot sorry i'm like i broke my neck like oh yeah okay wrong neck your ankle your ankle strength looks
unbelievable anyway it's like i'm in the hallway at the time right like just in my uh in my hockey
stuff still and uh they're like oh we're gonna try to take this off they're like trying to take
it off over my neck i'm like just cut this cut it off boys oh we we ruin it i'm like no they're like we already sold your jersey so we have to get this
game worn jersey to that fan low on vitamins like we bought you out already before you broke your
neck right you signed like you know like but uh so they're like they're like okay we're gonna just
like you know your under armor like your ditch we're going to just like, you know, your under armor, like your ditch, we're going to cut it off.
I'm like, oh, I have two pairs of like core shorts.
Just leave one of them on.
And then they're like, oh, okay.
Okay.
So they, they just cut everything off.
I'm like butt naked in this hallway in a public hospital.
People are like passing by, like, just like looking at me.
And in Magni, it's like a small town.
Like we won the championship the year before.
Everybody knows who you are.
They're like all excited.
I'm naked.
I got like one hand on my nuts.
And then the x-ray lady comes over with all these papers.
And I'm thinking like, oh, fuck that.
I need a translator.
I'm not signing my life away for some surgery that I never wake up from right now.
And she just hands me a blank piece of paper.
She just wants an autograph.
So I'm butt naked, a hand on my nuts nuts signing an autograph for alexei her son and she's like i'll hold your nuts yeah
she's like grabs my nuts here gets the tweezers out for my dick and then and uh and i thought i
had like such a good laugh from it like doing it that i was like you know what like i know like my
neck's broken at this point but like i i laughed and i was like i can't wait to tell the boys this story when i get home and i was like
it's gonna be okay oh i thought it was going somewhere else a happier ending i had my hands
down my pants quite the storyteller there those Russians are hot oh my god what did you do that
were you in a neck brace how what was the flight home like like how did that all happen how did it all go after that so i was uh at the hospital for like eight
or nine days uh and the team had flown out to china actually to visit my next home but uh they
were in china so i didn't have anybody around and one of the like the goalie coach's wife was from
detroit she came every day with a lunch like a hot lunch and dinner that she cooked in these like bags so i had like
these amazing meals the whole time i was in the hospital just like sweet like wife you know like
this sweet lady was just bringing me meals so that like really got me through it then i was at home
for 10 days just like in bed the whole time as soon as i could
like get up for 20 minutes because i would get up for 10 minutes like to get to the bathroom and i
would you know throw up pretty much like it was like so hard for me to get up in the next person
but as soon as i could like stay up or sit for 20 minutes i was like give me a couple perks get me
on the plane yeah i need to get home yeah i got a business class seat laid down the whole way
got you know i had a wheelchair from like the from each plane because you know to get home from
russia is like oh and those layovers in like turkey and shit yeah yeah but uh i ended up getting home
and then started talking to the doctors and you know first doctors like wait a couple months wait
three four months and uh you have
two breaks but they're such they were such clean breaks through the bones that they thought they
would heal they're like if you wear a neck brace for three four months we think they're gonna heal
so i wore a neck brace after three months there was like zero percentage on one of the breaks
that healed and at this point i was like okay what do what do I do? Dr. Foreman, who's the Leafs doctor, he's like a friend of ours
who lives on the street, and he was like, this is
like if I had one of the NHL, like the Leafs guys break their neck,
this is who I would send them to, like go see this guy.
So I went to Dr. Ford at Sunnybrook Hospital in Toronto,
and he was like, do you want to play again?
And at that point I was like like all these doctors dr
gallia dr form they're like why are you playing like you don't need to play anymore you have
you have kids like enough is enough uh my wife was pregnant at the time we had our first we had
my son but my wife was like six months pregnant and i couldn't even lift my son out of the crib
like he'd be crying that was like the toughest moment i think my in life at the time
like seeing my son in the morning crying like wanting me to pick him up and i like i wasn't
allowed to lift more than 10 pounds like i couldn't lift him out of the crib um and then like i was
thinking like what if this doesn't heal like what i can't play sports with my son i can't like
i can't like live a normal life i was like like 32 years old. I'm like, what does my life look like for, you know, moving forward? So, uh,
I saw the doc, he's like, do you want to play again? If you have the surgery,
we've had football guys have the surgery and they could play.
So like you could play hockey again. And then we found out that, uh,
that, um, the Olympics, like that, the NHL guys weren't going to the Olympics.
And that was like, right away. I was like, I'm having this surgery.l guys weren't going to the olympics and that was like right away i was like i'm gonna play i'm having this surgery like this is gonna be this is gonna be what's gonna
motivate me to like yeah do the rehab because i knew i talked to maddie nickel and he's like
if you don't have the motivation you won't be able to do it like it's gonna be it's like you
need something to like get you through the days because it's gonna be a long road i knew that
like i'd been in the brace for four months at that point like i knew that like if i didn't have that
that uh motivation to have the brace on again for another four months after the surgery like
yeah that's happened um let's talk about maddie nickel because he was a big part of getting you
back to playing hockey i actually spoke to him before um you hopped on and uh when probably talking about the best hockey trainers on the
planet his name will always come up in the group of top guys and he is a 10 out of 10 human being
before anything else yeah how important was it the fact that you probably knew him going into this
but how vital was he having by being by your side this whole thing that him and
like gary raw i called gary roberts right away because matt and gary are like really close and
gary had broken his neck as well right so it was like i called gary and i was like gary like
should i do this surgery like can i like what do you think you know like you i trained with him he
he knows what i'm like and he's like you know what you're diligent about your training he's like if
you have this surgery i think you can get through it.
I think you can play again.
And having Matty there, like, Matty's the best.
Like, all the surgeries I had, Matty, like, got me back to playing hockey.
He was one of those guys who, like, you go into a slump,
you, like, have a couple bad games, Matty would, like, message you.
And I know he does that with
all the nhl guys like he messages them because he's a genuinely like just a good dude that like
wants you to do well and like it had there's no like he's not messaging you because he wants you
to come back and make a couple bucks training at his gym like he's like he wants you to do
the best you can possibly do right so like i would i couldn't drive because i had the brace
but i lived close enough to st mike's i would walk to st mike's in the brace he'd like be there
every day helping me like it was like yeah it was nuts and he and he caught me fucking driving one
time he's like what do he go hey he so he told me the story he goes hey where he goes buddy i'm i
we finished a training session and and and I keep working the rest of
the day.
And then later on that day, I'm done.
And I walked to the grocery store and he's in there, he's in there cruising around and
he shouldn't be.
And he's like, what the fuck?
He's like, what are you doing?
Like, how are you even standing right now?
And you're like, oh, and he's, he's, he goes, how did you get here?
He goes, I drove.
And he's like, you drove. And he goes, here he goes i drove and he's like you drove and
he goes yeah it's all it's all right turns for my place so i'm able to i was able to drive
right it's not a problem or oh it's the other way around or whatever it may be but that's how
you he just said you were always so positive and you were like oh no it's gonna be fine maddie i'll
be fine trust me like and and that's just kind of the the mentality that probably got you got you to playing 100 like and I had so much help from that but like I don't know I'd like I think I got it from
my dad like he just worked so hard and like everything he did like I still think like I
made the NHL I was in the Olympics I still I don't think that I accomplished as much as my dad did
like from the point where my dad was at like in the little village in Poland in communism like like the steps that he had to take like going to a country no language like
so like when i think about like my life i'm like fuck i still better do something
you know i'm 34 i better figure things out so i can just talk to my dad a little bit
well so i want to talk to you about post career i know that uh in the midst of your career you're
always you know getting in on these deals with a buddy named Mike Kimmel, who's an absolute serial entrepreneur, as you put it,
when we were coming back in.
But you're very interested on the back end.
You got tons of things on the go, a lot of lines in the water.
Yeah, you know, I was lucky enough that,
you mentioned my other best friend, Frank Selke,
but like Mike Kimmel, we met like when I was 20 years old through another buddy that
I went to St. Mike's with, which is like so crazy that everything comes back to that. But, um, he's
a serial entrepreneur. His, his brother is also really big into business and real estate. They're
two of my closest friends and they've, you know, been so generous to let me in on some of these business ventures and
some of these deals and real estate developments. But I've always been interested in that stuff
because of Mike probably, like my whole career. And now thinking about retirement is probably
where I'm going to go next is some of these deals that we've invested in. I'll probably try and see which one interests me the most
and spend my time that way.
Let's talk about Kimmel.
I mean, he's got pieces of the places in Miami with Gruntman.
He's part owner of the Penguins.
Like this guy's just like got his hands in everything.
Dialed?
Yeah, he's dialed.
He's a stud but like you
if you met him he's one of the most humble human beings in the world same with his brother their
whole family they're just they just give give give like they're awesome like the amount of money they
give to charities and uh just always trying to help people. And anytime you ask for anything, they're like, they're the first to like give their hand out and help you.
So it,
I can't say like anything more about him,
but he's just the greatest guy ever.
But you know,
he's in Komodo and Swan and the Pittsburgh Penguins and e-sports and in
Toronto.
And I've been lucky enough to be in some of these.
We're actually,
we have a vodka. I'm not, I don't know if I'm allowed to plug no no we're cock blocking sorry buddy uh hey i
gassed that one granelli yeah can i mention the tequila yeah yeah oh this guy uh he took me to
swan he actually took care of the bill too so that's yeah that's why i'm stroking this
kimmel guy off unbelievable restaurant but uh yeah he's got some other great places down there and just
i mean the right definitely definitely a very awesome guy to be around and very giving as you
mentioned i think he even got um phil kessel involved in komodo as well yeah he's very he's
very close with phil um you know he actually had phil's uh stanley cup party at his house at one point
before he owned the penguins i think so he was lucky enough that he won the next year too
did he build his beat off lair in his basement
i asked phil to come on the podcast recently and he's like i don't like doing that kind of
stuff and then i'm like okay how about a sandbagger you don't even need to talk and he didn't answer
oh my god phil's a golfer.
Phil's a golfer.
You should get him on the course.
I know.
He's softer than puppy shit.
He won't come on the sandbagger.
Couldn't handle it, eh, Biz?
I'll dust him.
I would absolutely cripple that guy on a golf course.
He's a player, and he's right up with Sally, too,
because he likes to gamble.
Yeah, he loves gambling.
Right?
I guess him and Bozak were just absolute degenerates.
I love hearing the stories.
He would never tell us them, but still.
We'll get him on a golf course, but if he doesn't want to come with us,
we'll just show up with cameras where we know he's playing someday.
Yeah, and then pull the same trick you guys pulled on me,
fucking postpone the podcast 30 minutes so you get a couple drinks in there.
Do you know what happened to me?
We'll get him some vitamins. Do you know what happened we'll get them some vitamins you know what happened get them going i got hacked i got hacked everywhere instagram email everything that's why i was like i was
at 750 and i called granelli i'm like dude i can't do this interview i gotta like change all
my passwords and shit that's why we pushed you back and because we're gonna be seeing what's
dick on the internet so let's celebrate how many dick pics are out there i haven't seen it since the
melon arena showers it's just my wife's screensaver so as long as he didn't get into her phone we
should be good oh wait you know what i was actually gonna say i heard you had a another kid congrats
thank you very much buddy i'm uh yeah i'm right in the middle of it right in the thick of it but
two boys you said you had three?
Boy, girl, boy, or what?
I've got a boy and two girls.
They're back there on my Awesome.
So is your oldest the boy?
How old is he now?
He's five and a half, and we're like
I'm taking him skating.
I said that I wasn't going to be that dad that wanted him to play hockey.
I really tried.
I didn't even like He didn't want to play. every time i gave him a stick he'd like throw it in the
fire but um i'm like every day on the outdoor rink now and i and eric lindross is uh his twins
are they were in my kids class last year and his kids are so good oh my god there's coming a second
wave and there's two of them oh boy leafs fans are stroking their cocks off right
now what are their names no his his uh I hope I don't get he's gonna beat me up probably when he
sees me at school but um he's so big too fuck but uh his daughter is Soph and Ryan they're in
Weston's class last year and Weston has like my son has like the biggest crush on his daughter
and uh they're like pen pals and
stuff so like it's actually been the best thing ever because like when when they go on the ice
like he wants to go he hated hockey but he wants to go on because she goes on and she's really good
and uh his older son Carl's like really really good so they're they're no surprise there we're
always on the ice on the outdoor rink like we were there a couple hours ago just playing tag for an hour,
like skating around, and they had a blast.
But, yeah, I've got three kids, and my wife told me yesterday
she wants another one.
She's like, it's going to be with you or without you, so get on board.
Oh, shit.
Back to Russia from the payday.
But I said I was talking to a GM.
I was like, I could hit this khl season
before the deadline no just do a couple more battle of blades bring home a couple more purses
oh it looks like a comrade right now he's got the russian fucking military this hat this hat
i actually traded the the security guy at torpedo yeah that's the that's the guy. That's why I have one.
My wife actually just threw it out because we're going through
like a...
I would never throw this out.
I know. I'm actually mad about it.
There's a wire in it. They're listening to you.
That's who hacked me.
Well, it looks like Gabe from The Office.
When they do the documentary
parts, he looks like Gabe right now.
Which one's Gabe?
The old one that looks like a bag of nuts.
No, he came after Michael left.
He was the young dorky kind of manager.
Oh, okay. My bad.
Who's that old guy who was calling me?
All right. What's that guy's name?
Creed.
Creed.
I'm probably more of a Creed like on this show.
Shit.
Can you take me?
Hey, Walls, this has been so fun.
I've had a blast catching up with you.
And I think we should do something else with this guy, Biz.
You know, Sandbagger, that's what we throw
to everyone now. Get you on the golf course.
I'll challenge him to a...
I choked on my wine after your joke.
We should challenge
him to a battle of blades.
I'll make my own costume too.
Oh my God.
That's a good time to end it right there.
Thank you so much, dude.
Before you let him go, I just want to acknowledge our listeners
a little after a year after you broke your neck
you played for Canada in the 2018 Olympics
won a bronze medal I just figured
for those who didn't know that should be aware that you battled
all the way back from breaking your neck to
playing in the Olympics for Canada so kudos
and congratulations for that was that
where on your list of career achievements
does that one fall
say battle of the blades olympics no
um the olympics is the peak like that's like it's i'm actually so i'm not like pissed about it but
like we should have won like we should have fucking beat germany and uh made that finals but
winning a bronze medal was still so incredible and going there and being the Olympics, that experience, the opening ceremony. Like I never,
never ever thought that I would play in the Olympics and,
and I got to do it right. And I had my whole family, like we had,
I think we had 12 or 14 people fly to South Korea and they partied for two
weeks and they had a blast. So it was like, I got the cool experience.
They got the cool experience and it's And it's something I'll remember forever.
I still look at pictures and like I can't even believe it.
And I'm happy that I got to do that, especially after leaving the NHL.
That was like winning a championship in Magnitogorsk.
And then two years later, winning a bronze medal in the Olympics.
It kind of like tied the  and then I just won another championship.
No big deal.
I'm a winner. No big deal. I'm a winner.
No big deal.
Yeah.
Hire Pump.
Yeah.
Woo!
He wants to hire me.
But yeah.
11?
Yeah.
I actually  we're friends with one of the guys at 11.
Biz will go.
We'll have a good time.
But it was pretty incredible.
Like the Olympics, it's got to be, it's got to be like the peak.
Talbot was on the team, wasn't he?
Man, that guy's awesome.
Max Talbot.
Man, it's like, he was just.
The guy had two goals in a 2-1 game seven for the cup.
Jam.
And he brought it up every time we drank.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. Talbotbo he came on here he came i feel i feel like he was the guy who felt like he i don't want to say didn't
belong but like he was like you with the olympics and he's like oh my god like i made it to the nhl
like he's just like a kind of a you know small town type guy and i mean oh how how drunk was he
at mario's after they won that one with Stormin' In?
Because he used to have that modern house right behind it.
He was sick.
Right on Carson Street, his house was basically.
The whole club would go from like lights on right over to Talbot's house.
I might have gotten lucky a time or two there.
Anyway, thank you for coming on
uh this was great man i i knew i knew you'd bring the noise so uh hopefully we get you on again and
and like maybe a sandbagger i don't know maybe uh i'll bring i'll bring some some big money for that
one if you want i know you got the big ticket now viz oh yeah exactly we'll let wit pay for that um
but uh thanks again,
man.
Great story.
And our fans are going to love it.
All right.
Thanks guys.
Thank you so much.
And congrats on the newly announced retirement.
Thank you very much.
Huge.
Thanks to Voight Tech for joining us.
And once again,
congrats to him on the big win battle,
the blades.
I'm gonna have to check that out next time.
It's a pretty interesting concept.
I want to let you know also that his interview was brought to you by Dude Wipes. Dude Wipes are
the original flushable wipes for guys. Everyone is stocking up on toilet paper with coronavirus.
You need to be stocking up on Dude Wipes as Dude Wipes are better than toilet paper and are
multi-purpose to use anywhere on your body. Dude has many products to stay clean and hygienic during
this interesting time and all the time. If you're not using these yet while dropping a deuce, do yourself a favor and check them out.
You'll feel so much better and fresher rather than only using shitty toilet paper.
They truly will change your life.
The Dude brand also has expanded into a whole line of awesome products,
including the new Dude Wiper 1000 bidet attachment,
which is a lean, mean, poop-destroying machine,
and Dude Bombs.
Dude Bombs, two-in-one bombs that you drop in the toilet prior to deucing.
They create an indestructible barrier that instantly neutralizes stank in the air,
leaving no trace of the crime.
As seen on Shark Tank, Dude has something for everyone with your everyday hygiene needs.
You can pick up this stuff at Amazon or Walmart,
or use the code Hockey10 for 10 off at DudeProducts.com.
Check that stuff out.
It's great, especially me in Florida.
I've used a ton of them this week.
All right, he's wiping his pits with them.
Hey, my buddy could have used Dude Wipes.
He actually mentioned it too.
We pulled up to the 12th Green at Wollaston Golf Club.
This was about a month and a half ago, and he goes,
Oh, my God, I got a shit, I think. And I'm like, Oh, whatever. We'll go to the 12th green at Wollaston Golf Club. This is about a month and a half ago. And he goes, oh, my God, I got a shit, I think.
And I'm like, oh, whatever.
We'll go to the bathroom, two holes.
We go down to the green.
He's got a big par putt about six feet for our team.
No shit.
He comes flying out of nowhere when it's his turn.
He goes, I got to go.
I got to go.
Knocks the putt while moving.
It goes in, sprints into the woods.
That's the shit in the woods.
Had to use his brand new towel he just bought at Pinehurst.
And he said, coming out, he goes goes i wish i had some dude wipes i swear i was like actually he bought
a brand new golf towel he had to use the golf yeah to wipe his hoop after he dumped in the woods but
he made the putt on the run and so dude wipes throw it in your golf bag you never know when
you're gonna drop a deuce in the woods i'm not kidding you especially if you're going out on a
big boys trip and playing golf some things
may happen the night before where you gotta smash yeah it's plain old toilet paper don't cut it
no god that's a life hack you gotta treat your cornhole right what do you get bent over at the
gift shop at the pinehurst for the towel oh yeah 275 bucks for like a i don't even know actually
oh i would i would have took one from the bathroom one of their towels
you had a big appearance since our last show what you appeared on the kirk minnehane show
oh yeah pretty popular well i shouldn't say i love going i've does the first time i went on but
went in there i listened to kirk when he was on the eei morning show in boston
i was like this guy's a nut but he's's hilarious. Very quick, quick-witted.
And did you see what we did to that Captain Collins?
Did you see the embarrassment?
Oh, my God. He tried saying he was the biggest Bruce Springsteen fan at Barstool.
And Minahan's like a guy who would stalk Bruce Springsteen.
He's like that big of a fan.
He can remember the albums and every single song in order of every goddamn album
and when the when the guy's uh first gut is left the ear pierced and what city he was in and
so he came on cons and just couldn't answer one question so it was just a shit kicking but other
than that we just chatted i don't know we talked about our show talked about his show i loved it
i'll go i'm gonna go back on again before i head to florida february well we took we mentioned mark madden he's like
the boston version just like he was he would he would ruffle feathers in the sports world for a
while on that radio station right yeah he's just very what's the word polarizing yeah polarizing
is a pretty good word but he's very like i don't know you want to listen to him you want to hear
what's coming next oh he's got a great radio voice he's got a radio voice and he's very quick
so he's going to be able to like kind of hold and dominate a conversation unless i'm i'm with him
he's got a cult-like following too like he'll get people he sold out what what the the theater
back-to-back nights yeah he did before then COVID hit, he sold out the Wilbur.
Oh, and they couldn't do the show?
No.
And then they pushed it back to September. And obviously it ain't happened.
It didn't happen then.
And so I think right now he's in for next July, maybe, maybe by then.
But at some point he's got two nights in a row.
I think it's a thousand seat venue.
So he, I think he's been crushing the drive-in shows too.
When he was,
when he,
when he went on EI,
like the show became huge.
It became the number one morning show,
which it hadn't been forever.
And then he left and the whole station legitimately is on a nosedive off a
cliff.
It's like,
I don't know.
He say what you want,
but he brings ratings.
People like listening to him and both polarizing is a good,
a good example of kind of what you're thinking after you listen. Yeah.
Now some things I, there's some things on his show. Like he has,
he has discussions and a decent amount of his show.
He'll be just like talking with his fans and minute and minute fan drama.
Like I don't really get into that but everything else when he's
giving opinions on what's going on sports barstool stuff i uh i enjoy being in there and shooting the
shit with in the mix yeah the downfall of eei man it's been something i mean it was the biggest
radio station in boston until 98.5 come along kind of punched in the mouth but they were still
in it for a while obviously with you know greg and callahan and then ever since they left uh
they're a shell of themselves man it's it's kind of wild they gave into that advert this guy went after all
the advertisers biz this guy legitimately one guy took down the whole station they he yeah this is
whatever we want to convoluted story but yeah it's a convoluted story but the guy called every single
advertiser non-stop emails calls i guess he's got big money
no job all he did is make it his life's work and the station ended up giving in it's it's it's he
he is like an example of why you're so appreciative or why we're so appreciative working at barstool
when they have your back and they won't just cower because some guy's non-stop complaining
about what you're saying yeah the station's a shithole now.
Yeah, it's been a huge downfall.
So anyways, moving down the list here, Biz, I see you volunteered this one.
You're taking couple picks, you said, told the boys.
What's that mean?
No, I mean, when we were in Lake Placid, there was this wonderful couple.
I think the husband follows the podcast.
When were you in Lake Placid?
Or was it Lake Plac placid i went to lake
tahoe jesus christ i'm getting them mixed up because i think the women's world championships
wrong car grocery store um lake tahoe we went there there was a couple that reached out the
the husband followed the podcast she was a photographer she said if you ever want any
professional pictures taken and she is unbelievable but i get a little awkward and like like i've i've never done the couple pics
and it's something that i don't so i gotta go and like spend time and like you gotta get like the
right shot and then like you know is there pressure to post them like i don't think people give a fuck
that i'm taking couple pictures yeah we we agreed i would say that's for your house like obviously
whatever you're
gonna post one but yeah it's like no i mean you can take a picture a selfie with her at dinner
like post that one so obviously brie's probably the first girl you've ever went and got couple
pictures with correct never got couple yeah i don't know my goal ready 20 years as you were
saying this i'm like what are you talking about i did once rider was born we did family pictures there was no couple pictures okay so i i negotiated the dog finnegan's in and i think
she was like you had to negotiate well well no but she was like oh yeah that was always the plan
i'm like oh yeah sure i'm like i guarantee tending gets the boot for a few photos so
we'll see how it goes maybe we could take a few funny ones and maybe,
maybe we could have memes tear them apart.
Oh,
memes putting me as elf was so good.
Cause I,
I I'll take the Will Ferrell a lot.
Same like terrible hair,
just skinny fat.
And,
and I don't know what he did,
but it was me.
It was me as elf.
And that meme,
I was laughing out loud.
He's a fucking genius
with that stuff. Some other sports
news. We're making the rounds across all the sports
today. The Cleveland Indians are going to get a new name.
They're going to make the announcement this
week. Spiders appears to be the favorite.
There's some historical representation
there with that name, I guess, but I
don't think there's any major surprise after what
the Redskins have done, well,
in the midst of doing, I don't know, the way the the culture's gone lately I'm not surprised they're getting away from
this Indians name especially after they got rid of the Wahoo logo a few years ago so whatever I'm
not mad in I'm I guess I'm indifferent at this stage I mean if if they think if they're told
to genuinely offend people at this stage and they don't want to use it I get it uh I mean I'm not
the person who would be offended to say not to use it.
So I don't know.
I guess it really has no bearing on me one way or the other.
Can't tell you the next time I'll watch the Cleveland Indians play
baseball or the Cleveland spiders play baseball.
I don't,
I could give,
if,
if,
if it's the,
it's the right thing to do,
take it off,
find a new name.
Let's it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it name let's it's wahu was a great logo oh man what a good mask just his smile
and his white teeth it was a great yeah it was a good logo times times are changing
if any if any native americans were offended by it yeah get rid of it i'm gonna guess more
like white people were offended than native Americans, but nonetheless it's gone.
Yeah.
So will they do a last run of merchandise or is it like what else what's
out there is done?
Well,
they've already phased the chief Wahoo logo out for over the last couple
of years.
So I'm sure they'll just sell off whatever they have,
because I don't know.
I mean,
it's been around for a hundred years.
I don't know.
Does it go from a in offenses to offensive all of a sudden because they
changed the name again. That's, you know, I'm not, i'm not one to tell people what to be offended by but either way
the cleveland indians after 100 plus years will will cease to be that name anymore and they're
going to move on and i think if you're going to change man you can't can do a lot worse than
fucking spiders lots of potential there i mean it's a creepy bug but it's a great logo you could
have a pretty sick logo as a spider yeah Yeah, absolutely. I mean, the Richmond Spiders, college basketball,
I'd say most people remember them because of the Spiders.
What's up, buddy?
The Cleveland Crankin' It.
Oh, I saw our boy Alan Walsh mention that the Kraken
are like the number one.
What did he say?
Get the tweet, Grinnelly.
I believe it was the number one sports brand of 2020, 2021.
Is that legit?
It can't be merchandise sold.
Who's voting on that?
Probably some sort of industry award, I would imagine.
So it may be Phantom, but nonetheless.
They're going to raise a banner.
I've said nonetheless a bunch today.
A, they're going to raise a banner.
No, that's what the Colts would do.
Start the season.
No, the Colts.
The Preds would.
The Colts were raising banners for wildcard weekend wins
in the playoffs at one point.
Like a real bunch of losers, the Colts.
We should have a vote.
What's the most pathetic banner ever raised in professional sports?
Wildcard participant.
No, there's one that takes the cake that I'm not thinking of that I will.
I'm going to get on this big old computer here and check this out.
But go ahead.
That Kraken was Sports Business Daily's best brand of 2022.
Yeah, there you go.
Well, a Wayne Gretzky rookie sold for, what was it, 1.29 million?
Holy shit.
A 79 OPG card, which is kind of like the canadian version of tops i
think i mean people keep talking about cards coming back and you know a pandemic old guys my age go in
their basement look i don't think the market's coming back i think there's just more attention
to it because people doing stories like to me biz these things are like pieces of art like the only
people who are going to spend the kind of money on it a fellow like collectors you know what i mean
like there's very few cards that reach this value and i don't think that you know we're going to see some like i don't well
well there's been a spike in the market as far as like the steady gross of amount of what cards
are selling for over the fact over the time of the quarantine has definitely went up like i would say
25 to 50 percent um part of which because you know the world shut down there's not
as many things to do so people turn their attention back to cards but I agree with you
that there's like a there's only a certain community for it but I mean if you think it's
something that eventually will gain value and it's an asset that you can sell to someone and not have
to pay tax on it yeah it's it's just's a, it's a diversification at that point.
And, you know, you can buy the proper insurance and, and, and people who are smart about it can
handle it as, as a business. So it's, uh, it's definitely seen a massive spike for sure. Like
I got hired to do a content piece about it. So I'm releasing something, uh, with upper deck in
the new year. So it's, uh, yeah, it's definitely spiked up as of right now.
Has it ever in the past taken leaps this quickly?
I don't think so.
I would say back in like the late 80s, early 90s,
there was a huge spike.
But what happened is that ended up kind of flooding the market
and everything just kind of dipped in value.
I have a mint, a legit mint in one of those screwdriver cases.
I imagine a rookie card.
Do you think that's worth anything?
If it's in good condition, yeah, I would say.
I have no idea what, because I haven't looked at a book in years.
So you know what?
I might have sent it in to him and had him sign it.
I swear to God.
It should probably ruin the value.
Yeah, it decreases, actually.
The banner, it was the 2014 Indianapolis Colts put an AFC finalist banner.
But the funniest one is the 2013 Washington Mystics hung up a WNBA attendance record banner.
They had the best attendance that season.
That's a tough one.
That is the banner I was thinking of.
We had the most fans this year.
All right.
I'm sorry, Biz, were you going to say something?
Well, so didn't it tell you what the card sold previous and when?
Because that will be able to tell you everything.
Yeah, it was sold for 1.29.
I think it might have sold for a million before.
Yeah, there was an increase in it.
I just mean like rare cards going up in value.
That doesn't mean like all of a sudden all these shit cards are going to go up in value.
I guess that's my overall point.
You know what I mean?
Like there's so many cards out there.
The old, you know, the very rare ones with guys like Gretzky,
yeah, they're going to be worth a ton of money.
But that doesn't mean, you know, 40 cent cards are going to go up to 4 all of a sudden.
I don't think it has the ripple effect throughout every single card out there.
Okay.
You got to be rich as shit, though, to just spend that much money for nothing.
Just also what they've done with them, too.
They can make them where they got like a piece of their jersey in it
that was only worn one time.
That jersey, you know, never was used for another card.
It was used in like a championship game.
He also signed it it and it's like
two inches thick so they've done they've done all these and as they're playing now the values
of to where you think they're going to go like a mahomes rookie card now is valued like ridiculous
because they're like hey he's on pace so if he starts dropping off there was a funny tweet
somebody sent out about aaron donald they're like dude i got these at such a bargain like when he pops off next season these things are going to double in value
and he had like he'd bought in like i don't know like 15 or 20 50 dollar cards and aaron donald
has not had the best season to say the least so this kid has definitely lost on his his investment
but uh overall i think there has been a spike kind of like you said there was in the 80s, RA. Yeah. And I'm not sure if the seller paid off his student loans or not, but
you can get your student loans under control by refinancing with Earnest. If you've been making
the same monthly payment on your student loans for the last couple of years, odds are you could
reduce your payment and save by refinancing with Earnest. Even if you've refinanced before,
with today's low rate environment, most people
could save by refinancing again. Checking your new rate is fast and easy. To start, complete a few
questions online. It only takes two minutes. Then you'll get a personalized rate estimate without
affecting your credit score. Want to change your monthly payment, combine many loans into one easy
payment, or get a better rate? Earnest makes it easy. There's no origination fee or any fees.
Plus, the internet loves Earnest customer service. They're rated 9.4 out of 10 on Trustpilot.
And now you can get 100 cash bonus when you refinance a student loan with earnest.com
slash chicklets. That's E-A-R-N-E-S-T.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Once again,
you get 100 cash bonus when you refi your student loan at earnest.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Once again, you get a 100 cash bonus when you refi your student loan at earnest.com slash chicklets, not available in all states. Visit earnest.com
slash chicklets for more details. Terms and conditions apply. Earnest student loan refinance
loans are made by Earnest Operations, LLC NMLS number 1204917. California financing law license number 6054788.
303 2nd Street, Suite 401N, San Francisco, California 94107.
Visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licensed states.
How do you like that, Biz?
Mike Jones.
What was the number?
The two,
eight,
one,
three,
three,
four,
eight.
I don't know.
Mike Jones.
I don't want to talk at that point.
Just guessing.
I want to bring up a couple other things here.
There was an article in the athletic on longtime NHL at Mark Parrish.
Just a real tough read.
He's been battling alcohol,
alcoholism for years.
And basically the article takes you through his journey of getting sober.
And it's tough to read all those articles always are.
But I think the purpose of them is to let people know that there's help out
there for people who need to read that stuff.
We'll see it and maybe reach out because he had friends who cared about him.
And it can be tough to do to reach out to a friend who's going through that
stuff. It's not comfortable. But I think that that article one of the points of it was like if
you have friends in these positions reach out to them and and let them know that help's available
but uh it was a tough read either way yeah it was it was um it was tough and i got the chance to
work with mark briefly i think he was kind of coming into nhl network as i was leaving such a
good guy i knew he was american i I knew he knew Ryan Malone,
him and his brother Gino from St. Cloud state. And he was so nice.
I said, you're going to come on check. He said, I'd love to.
And you have no idea, right? I mean, I think a lot of times,
if you read the article, somebody who's struggling with alcoholism, you know,
they need all their drinks to then feel and look normal. I mean,
it's that's how it is. And part of the article is good friend, Ben Clymer, who I got the chance
to play golf with, I think it was last summer, two summers ago. And he talks about how he, um,
he met with them when he flew back from Jersey. Um, and he had a really tough night and he knew
it was time to go to rehab, Brian Lawton helped him out. And so they sent him to Minnesota. So then Ben Clymer's best friend or could, could fly with him to Scottsdale or
Phoenix where there were, he was going to rehab and Clymer says, and I'd never heard it put this
way. Um, you're not disappointing everyone by doing this. You're, you're actually making everyone so
proud of you to try to get some help. It's like, I'd never thought that these people who are struggling with addiction and alcoholism, they're thinking, Oh, my God, I'm
embarrassed. I'm letting everyone down. I got to go get help. It's like, no, that that's what makes
people not embarrassed. That's what makes people proud to know you. So it was a great it's where
it's at right now is great. And for him to speak up and Russo did a sick job writing that article.
It was powerful. So I'm really happy for him. because in the brief few times i got to meet him he's just a classy guy
that you'd want to spend time with yeah just to piggyback you great job by russo and just like
that's a that's a pretty brave thing to do guys like putting yourself out there like that to
to help others and that's exactly what it's going to do and uh as i said that's just fucking brave
yeah yeah it's tough stuff and a lot of people don't realize booze withdrawal it's dealing
withdrawal that can actually kill you i mean you could have other things and have go through
nightmare withdrawals but you won't die but alcohol withdrawal can actually kill you so it's
it's a danger well there's a reason if you wake up severely hung over and you have one drink and
you feel good that's when you know this this could probably lead to some bad, dark places. Uh, if,
if you really go on that road.
Yeah. Well, either way, we're glad to see he's doing well and he's,
he's on a good path because, uh, it's not a path you want to see people on.
And again, if you do see people and know people, it's not easy to reach out,
but it's better to do it and at least try than,
than not and have regret about it. So, uh,
also we want to extend our deepest condolences to the family and friends of longtime Quebec and Colorado GM
and executive Pierre Lacroix.
He died at 72.
He, of course, won two Cups in Colorado.
He was in the playoffs each of his 11 seasons as GM.
Just a very well-liked guy by all accounts.
Mark Crawford tweeted a tweet thread about him
and how much of a great guy he was and how competitive he was.
And he might yell at you one minute and then 10 minutes later
he's giving you a hug and putting his arm around your shoulder.
Of course, he was Patrick Waugh's agent before he moved to the front office,
then dealt for Waugh, and one of the biggest trades in NHL history,
and he'll always be tied to that.
So we just want to, again, extend our sympathies to his many, many family
and friends out there in the hockey world.
We were just talking about that trade and how it all went down
and how he was such a big piece of it and you know kind of established that franchise in colorado so um
a tremendous career uh in the hockey world and uh like r.a r.a said our condolences to the family and
everybody affected by that and uh also biz i know we want to thank all the many gallo new amsterdam
pink whitney reps out there who've been busting their humps.
I'll turn it over to you guys here.
I know you guys.
No, they've just been grinding hard,
and there's been some adjustments they've had to make, of course,
with bars and restaurants being closed,
and they've done an unbelievable job for us.
I think there's a steady stream now up to Canada as well,
and everybody who's needing to get it is getting it.
And we can't thank you all for your support.
And we're going to be talking to them in the new year here about how,
how do we give back now? This is, they've, they've shown us the love.
How are we going to give back? And in what ways and what, you know,
what tours or what events and we're going to help the game.
We're going to help people for sure. We got to figure out,
I think we could reach out for
help too like you're saying give ideas the the way i would say it guys just like everything you know
you guys are the ones who essentially created it and we gave it to you now you've dictated where
it's gone and and now we're it's our responsibility responsibility to listen to you and to dictate
where it goes in order to help the hockey community. Love that. Speaking of helping people, how about El Prez?
Those sticks with the shots?
Well, those are unreal.
Those are helping people.
El Prez donating 500K to the New York City restaurant nightlife industry.
I mean, the nightlife industry is just taking such a hit right now.
Oh, it's the worst guy in the world, Dave Portnoy.
He's a scumbag.
It's crazy.
It's insane he's donating that much money. So good for Dave.
That's awesome. Yeah, this is really cool.
Who called them out, R.A.? You probably know more
of the story than us. Oh, he's from one of those
shows. Yeah, I'm not big in the business
fucking world. I'm not sure who the guy was.
Marcus something said, all right, well, I got
500 grand if you match it. He
woke up. Dave was probably at the club
till about four in the morning. Woke up at 11
and said, shit, I got 500 on you also.
So, yeah, awesome move.
Yeah.
I'll put your money where your mouth is.
I thought you were describing it to R.A. to take it back.
No, I was describing what went down.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just didn't know the guy's name.
I'm not a big business TV guy.
Watch.
I don't follow.
But these restaurant people.
Sorry.
Go ahead.
Oh, I was going to say, this kind of came out after david released the video just kind of saying how this is ridiculous like you're
basically completely cutting these people off especially given the fact that they've made these
adjustments to their restaurants and spent money in order to accommodate at least keeping it to
where it's it's keeping the lights on and now you've kind of and i and guys i'm not here to
argue about it but it was just his opinion that sparked this guy going hey let's do something about it then let's
let's be the people who help out and of course dave was on board and i'm sure they're going to
raise a lot more than just a million dollars dollars total yeah i even had a a good buddy
of mine mike shaw who's owner of um Baby in South Boston, Loco.
He part owns that.
And he gave a great message.
You can check it out all over the internet.
I think Gaz retweeted a bunch of people just that these people are doing whatever they can.
And they're trying to figure out what neighborhoods are going to look like
when this is all done.
And there's restaurants that used to be 30.
Now there's seven.
You know, it's going to change the landscape of where people live. And so you feel so bad for people that have just worked their entire lives to create a business and make people like happy, too. Right. I mean, people go to restaurant bars because they love being there. They're in great moods when it goes on. And so to see all these people that do such a good job to bring people joy in their life just getting ruined by this it's awesome port only did that it's pretty legit move shows how rich he is he should fucking pay us some more
money all right moving right along maybe you could buy cars that aren't lemons
all right well before we wrap up here boys i'm not sure if you anything else i just want to send
the congrats out to my younger cousin, Liam Nolan.
He's a cousin of a cousin.
We call him Charleston cousins up here.
He signed up for the Army.
He's actually at the Citadel playing hockey right now.
He's going to graduate in 2022.
And after that, he's going right into the U.S. Army.
So I wanted to give him a congrats and a salute.
Well done, Liam.
We're proud of you here back in the town.
And also a couple of the cousins down in that neck of the woods,
Abby at the College of Charleston and Bella at the Coastal Carolina.
A couple of my younger cousins just give them a little say hello to them
and the gang and all their freshmen and sophomore buddies.
I heard Coastal Carolina is a time and a half.
I guess they just rip it up down there.
Yeah, I don't even know.
I'm sure anyone blood related to you doesn't get fucked up at college.
I hope I taught them something anyways.
Do it for fucking seven years if you can.
Yeah.
My uncle Brian taught me this.
Yeah.
And then proceeds to blackout.
Proceeds to wake up and eat their buddy's food at the,
at the dinner table.
I have one more thing.
What else you got biz?
That Matt Zuccarella video you told me to watch that they ended up posting.
How funny is that?
Of him imitating Patrick Thorson.
No, it's Thorson imitating Zuccarello.
Get the fuck out of here.
Yeah, dude, that's Zuccarello.
That's how he skates in his hair and how long his stick is,
and it's Thorson doing it.
Oh, my goodness.
I'm like, why is he wearing a longer wig he's
kind of got longer hair to begin with what is thoracin style that you could imitate
i i thought this is gonna be on video after just his mouth just like i thought zuccarello
was imitating thoracin no no. And that's why I was confused.
What you were watching was Matt Zuccarello,
and it was an imitation of him by Thorson with the wig and the long.
He had two sticks taped together.
Yeah, that's, oh, my goodness.
I don't know.
Thorson was a hell of a player, but I don't know how you imitate him.
Well, it was funny regardless.
I thought Zuccarello was imitating a fourth liner who had like,
I'm like, he's got long hair.
So that's what what you're telling me
zuccarello used to go hit the glass through even though i think i think once he did the stride and
the long hair and how long the stick was like at that point he's already won the crowd over and
the internet he's like i'll just start hammering into the board i mean the guys on the bench must
have been dying laughing kevin hayes went to that in norway and like some maybe something we could
get involved in when life comes back to normal.
I guess Matt Zuccarello charity hockey game is something else.
It's an experience that we need to have, let's put it that way.
Yeah, there's a lot of things we need to do when things get back to normal.
So I guess watching that video was probably my wake and bake moment.
But that was on a weekend where I watched it.
So at least I have an excuse. But you didn't get into someone else's uniform and bake moment. But that was on a weekend where I watched it. So at least I have an excuse.
But you didn't get into someone else's uniform
and or truck and get yelled at by an adult.
Complete idiot.
Yeah, I'm getting yelled at by an adult.
I'm 37 years old.
Father of two.
I got some bad news to end the podcast.
Pornhub is pulling all unverified content from its site.
So you can't go to Pornhub if you want these home videos.
Everything gone. No, no, no. Am no no no bye-bye in a pandemic how silly of that site to do that
there must have been a reason for it i'm sure they they got there must have been a lawsuit
there's no reason they don't do that for no for no reason i think beat your meat stats are up higher
than the card world right now all right let's just put it that I'd say there's been at least a 50 spike
and now they're going the other way with it.
Hang on.
The last story I had written down here was this, this lady,
little baby rapper.
I don't know if you guys watch those KFC minute mans.
I've seen some of them.
He's pretty good at that.
I didn't see what you're talking.
He's really good. And these rappers, they, they, they, they, they all fuck the same chicks.
They pass them around and they have these names. And this one was named miss London.
So she fucked little baby, little baby paid six grand. So then she goes on social media and tells
everyone. So little baby hits her up in the DMS and says, hey, what am I paying you for?
If you're going to tell everybody.
That's what he wrote to her.
She posted the screenshots to basically say, see, told you I did it.
When KFC said his reply, I was I was in tears at the fact that he even addressed her back.
They did a post. They did a post that said,
I'll be honest with you,
they had a bunch of celebrities that were like,
oh, you're the one-minute man.
It's the same way I said on Minahan's podcast.
The time we were out with Dave,
I don't remember what the place was called.
Everyone was like, you're the pizza guy.
You're the pizza guy.
And now it's the celebrities that they're interviewing for KFC Radio
are saying they're seeing Kevin. They're like, oh, you're the one-minute man. Yeah. celebrities that they're interviewing for kfc radio are saying like they're seeing kevin like oh you're the one minute man yeah i just find this
whole for a guy oh yeah but i'd say one of my uh one thing that i'm uh addicted to i don't want
to say i'm embarrassed i'm all about the rap game like i want to know what's the latest what's what's
happening here what's what's cardi b saying who's with? I don't give a shit or know anything about that,
but I like hearing that type story.
Oh, there's plenty more, man.
The rap game is nuts.
It's a full-fledged competition.
We should have a weekly or monthly Yandel and Hayes rap game wrap-up.
Oh, the rap game wrap-up.
There we go.
We could even throw the rat rink in there one time
and have Colin White say what he knows about rap,
which is probably as much as he knows about the guest rules at Dedham
when he brought 19 cameramen.
R.A., were you following the past beefs, the Tupac and Biggie's?
Were you all up in that?
Yeah, I was much younger when that happened.
I'm not up to date in the last several years of rap.
No, I don't.
I mean, I don't listen to new music in general.
It's not an anti-rap thing.
I just don't listen to a lot of new music.
But yeah, the Biggie Tupac shit.
I mean, that was that was fucking wild, man.
And ideally, you don't want to repeat that shit.
But it seems like a lot of rap is still like, like, like recently, Meek Mill was like driving
through, you know, a hood with a 500,000 car.
And he like gave the kids a 20 out the window.
A 20?
So then the kid's like, where's the rest of it?
And then he's like, split it.
So then all of a sudden, like the internet turned on Meek Mill for a couple days.
And like, you know, he's probably had to defend himself at some point.
He was a joke. I remember he was a joke. He got crushed by,
he got crushed by Drake and then he went to prison and then he was cool again.
No, no, he, he, he's good. He's got his own flow.
He kind of runs the whole Philly crowd.
I'm saying he was a joke at one point though.
I think that he, he,
he lost in that Drake battle cause he was a little out of line and i don't
know i don't know how it all started i forget how it all all began but here's here's one so when when
he was when meek mill did a show in toronto i believe that the hotel that he checked into it
let's say four seasons of the ritz or whatever drake rented out the whole top floor above him
while he stayed there and blared his back to back song or like his rap.
Like that's how petty this shit gets. It's crazy, man. It's crazy.
The rap game is crazy, man.
I mean, you're just immediately switching hotels, but still, yeah,
that's vindictive.
Yeah. It's vindictive is right. And then,
and then the beat between Cardi B and who's the other one, Nicki Minaj.
Let's not get into it, but you might have your golf talk.
We're going to have the rap talk.
All right.
All right.
I'm in with that.
All right, boys.
I think that just about wraps it up.
We covered a bevy of topics tonight, considering there's not much hockey going on.
I don't even know what we talked about.
Yeah.
Baseball, football, everything but that.
Everything but the Sick League, which is actually back to an NBA exhibition.
We'll save that for next episode, though.
These guys making 40 sheets a year, man.
God bless them.
All right, boys.
Such a bad league.
Fun episode.
Again, this is dropping on Tuesdays.
We'll be on Tuesdays going forward until further notice.
YouTube on Thursday, baby.
YouTube on Thursday.
So, everybody everybody have a fantastic
week out there and I will check back in a week. Peace. As always, we like to thank our fantastic
sponsors here on Spitting Chicklets. Big thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
and Pink Whitney. We love you guys. Huge thanks to our new friends over at Cross Country Mortgage.
Be sure to take advantage of them if you're looking to buy or refi. Huge thanks to our
friends at Roman for taking care of all the fellas out there. Big thanks to everyone at Dude Wipes for taking care
of the fellas in a different way out there. And a huge thanks to everybody at Earnest. If you're
looking to refi those student loans, by all means, check them out. Have a great week, everyone. Back to back. They gonna ask if I can play the... Back to back. I took a break from views, now it's back to that.
