Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 316 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, everybody?
The NHL season has officially started.
A game every day for
116 straight days. We're loving
it. We're betting. We're going crazy. We're gambling, but
let's say hi to the gang first. As usual,
producer Mikey Grinelli. How was
Arizona, buddy?
Arizona was great. We missed you,
RA. Now I'm back in New York City doing
my 10-day quarantine. The
return of Grinellikoff is coming,
so stay tuned. Just watching a ton of hockey.
Like you said,
Ari every day,
baby,
let's go.
A couple of live streams too.
Yeah.
There's that dirty dog out in the desert.
Palm bears,
nasty business.
I love that.
You were electric on those things,
buddy.
I had to go solo.
Cause we ended up going home to kids guys.
Come on.
I can't,
I can't even imagine.
So I did a couple of wardrobe changes.
I'm sure that, you know, the, the,
the cannabis took me on a bit of a wave there, but it was a blast.
They taught me how to sign into the YouTube group chat, our YouTube fans.
It's like being in a locker room. Everybody, this way,
one kid was asking me to tell a story and it was in relation to fannies,
which was a strip club in North Bay. And he was like,
he kept asking in the group chat, you go to fannies, you go to fannies.
And how crazy is the people who ask the same question a hundred times he's he's a hornball because he's
probably wondering if we sat in the same chair on pervert roll Chuck and Tooney's up there on stage
to see some titties but sure enough when we'd gotten swept um we got swept for nothing by the
St. Michael's I think they were the majors at the. I don't know if they turned into the buzzers.
But I had a fake ID, a guy named Russ Moyer,
who actually was an overage with the Ottawa 67s,
and I think it was the first time I'd ever used it.
I handed it over.
Sure as shit, I got in, and I did end up going into Fanny's,
and I think that was the first time I'd ever been to a strip club at the age of 16 years old.
So you think he knew you had been there first time ever,
and that's why he's hounding you or just love he's that perverted oh i think that uh it's kind of like you know when like the old
stadiums get torn down you go like take the seat out he's gonna go to get the same seat we sat in
on pervert row or some shit put it in his fucking man cave no but i think he just wanted to know if
i'd been to the strip club in north bay but i was an underager so yes i did sneak in one time at the
end of the year and that was i think my first titty joint experience at Fanny's.
How many times did you fall in love that night?
I was, I mean, I was just mesmerized with how they smelt.
Like that's like strawberries.
What is, what is, it just brings you into this like vortex of,
like you said, it's kind of like the scene out of what's the Meyer,
Michael Myers.
Isn't there like a scene when like there's a musk in the air where austin powers gets all horned up or something
or did i just make that up in my brain it's been so long we're gonna find out yeah we're gonna find
out soon shag me babe i got a boy i remember is remember you it's like uh I need to take out 100, and it's a 73 ATM charge.
What the?
Oh, my God.
I went straight cash, homie, with all those 40 checks every two weeks.
Did I tell you what happened to me the night I got drafted?
We ended up going there.
To the strip club?
Should we introduce him?
It was my first time.
It's Whit. What's up, guys? It was my first time ever going to a strip club, should we introduce them? It was my first time. It's wet.
What's up, guys?
It was my first time ever going to a strip club.
And, you know, you get a lap dance, right?
Well, I thought like it just ended.
And I was like, this girl loves me.
Six songs.
Well, then after it was like every song is like 35.
I had no money.
I had no credit card.
I'm like, whoa.
You thought you were paying 20 for the trip? I signed up for. Yeah, I was like 35 dollars or whatever it was i had no money i had no credit card i'm like so you thought you thought you were paying 20 for the trip i signed up for yeah i was like one song i thought
you would have ended it like hook line and sinker yeah i knew this to say it was like
you do the whole watch or something you do the whole beatles catalog
i'm like wait a minute i'm like whoa i i I thought you would have said, okay, that's enough.
I think I said we started in the middle of one song, so what was it?
Once you went at the end of that song, I was like, oh.
So what's up?
You're up at the top with the DJ.
You guys are like working out what the song list was
and how exactly long it was.
You were just talking about stealing seats from like a building,
getting torn down.
I have a brick
from the old Boston Garden when they were knocking it down.
I went over and snagged one behind the security
guard's back. That is cool.
I am not
shocked that you have that. No.
No one will know it's a garden brick. It's at me. It's not like
I'm going to sell it or whatever. It just
practically grew up in the place. It was funny, too,
because there was a security guard there, and there was a Boston cop there.
And the cop saw him.
He's like, don't let him see you pointing to the security guy.
Not like the Boston cop didn't give a shit.
But if the fucking Mickey Mouse security guy caught me with us.
Oh, so it was a real.
I'm sorry.
It wasn't one like the ones you buy that's mounted on to a fake.
Of course not.
This was me pulling it out of the fucking pile.
Now you use it as a weapon and as like a reminder of the garden.
Yeah. Home security and the garden. Yeah.
Home security and the Boston garden brick.
Oh God.
That was brutal.
We were just talking to the guy with wet.
We're going to kick off with you.
We're going to start with the central division.
Obviously your boy,
our boy,
K Y Keith Yandel.
Everybody was talking about this healthy scratch.
A lot of bad PR.
I think for the Panthers,
all of a sudden they do a one 80.
He plays,
he scores. Everybody was pretty happy with it let's go was there a bigger guarantee than him scoring once we found out he was playing oh i put my house on it it was a
grinnelli had it pasha had it biz had it i had it who didn't have it And the kid goes out and scores. And there's a lot to this story.
And I think that at one point in time, everything will come out.
But what I'll say for right now is that there's a way to go about things,
I think, when you get hired and go to a new team,
whether you're a GM, whether you're a player, coach,
it doesn't really matter what your role is.
But in my mind, there's kind of a way to go into town and meet people. Now there's like decisions
need to be made in hockey. Right. And, and understandably, if, if there's tough decisions
that have to be made, you don't really, you don't, you don't really picture yourself having to do
something like that right away. But in this type of season, right, there's a new GM.
There's a whole new staff there.
The coaching staff remains.
Quenville's there, I should say.
But the GM there didn't really do much looking into Keith Yandel.
He made up a decision, right, on what he thought of this guy as a player
and as a person.
He probably watched a sandbagger.
Yeah, he probably saw a smoke him on the 23rd hole.
But he decided, right?
Like, all right, well, this guy's out.
This guy's, I don't want him here.
Which, in the end, is his decision, okay?
So that's 100.
You come in and you take over for a team.
You're going to be the one that says, hey, I need to change culture here.
I don't like him.
I don't like him.
Now you can ask around and you can ask who you think maybe knows the guy,
what he's all about. But until you actually meet him and know him,
I would say that it's not fair to make full blown decisions, right.
On a, on a guy personally or professionally,
especially somebody like Keith who's been doing it this long.
And so you can go about telling a guy that you're not a fan of him or you
have plans for him to be out of town,
or you don't think he's going to fit into the future of the team.
And you can do it one way and you could say, Hey,
I'm looking at this squad, looking at the future of the team.
I respect what you've done. I respect who you are as a player.
But I'm kind of looking to move you.
And you have a no-move clause,
but it's just not going to work out for you.
And I hope to help you get somewhere that you really want to be
that could win a Stanley Cup.
I don't know.
I mean, it's up to you to actually choose to waive it,
but this is kind of where we stand or you can go in and just
try to kind of bully someone and when the news broke that he was going to be scratched i i said
last week i said there's no chance that this is going to happen and then as the week goes on and
he's not practicing with the team and he's like hey and everyone's like oh yeah of course i'm
biased he's one of my best friends and this is an incredible streak i mean to think about the fourth most game streak games played you never
missed a game you never missed one day of work and to start hearing that he was going to be
scratched not because of his play not because of something that had happened within the team
which teammates only have good things to say about him it was gonna be because you've heard a
couple things about a guy and there hasn't been one game played and that was it so I was so shocked
and then we got up to the like getting close to games like yeah nhl.com's reporting Keith Yandel's
streak is gonna come to an end if nhl.com is reporting that I mean before the season started
it's like all right I guess this is happening i don't know
what happened i don't know who decided to change their mind i don't know if it was the coaching
staff i don't know if it was the gm who said all right well this there's a lot of blowback about
this the right thing happened and i was and i was so happy to see that and who knows what the future
holds but to question a guy's like character and and who he is as a player
and not looking at the resume before there's been one game played it would have been the craziest
thing in the world so in the end right there's nothing to worry about it how he played a game
he played great and i saw all his numbers after sorry to be so long-winded all the coursey stuff i don't
know how to i don't know they're not they were all legit he had a great game and i just would
have expected nothing less and i'm very happy it didn't go down but to hear that there was a chance
that you were going to scratch a guy who owned the current iron man streak before the first game of
the year i swear to god rick patino's hopping into the mix. There wouldn't have been, there would have been outrage like you haven't seen,
all in agreement of one thing.
I do not see the other side of the argument or even anyone on Twitter.
I mean, we had random song nation going absolutely bananas because there's a
chance Keith might get scratched.
I just couldn't believe it was a storyline and the right thing ended up going down
which was he played how about that is that fair that was a such a good summary and just to piggyback
it you said the right thing happened i am so happy for him and not to boot like he had that type of a
game where guys this has probably been a massive emotional strain on this guy for like the last
two weeks and i guess yeah that's I think the
biggest concern to to the final point it came down to where like I'm assuming like he probably
genuinely didn't care about the streak he cared more about his name and how maybe there was some
public perception that maybe he wasn't necessarily a great teammate or even to like question his play
where like I'm trying to think like okay
like some people are probably saying he's not as good defensively maybe as some guys but I'm like
going back to last year he's been an often he's been an offensive defenseman for like uh ever
that's literally what's 10 years he has the second most points for defenseman correct and going back
to last year there was quote me there there were no question marks about what his game entailed and whether he was doing it to the best of his ability.
In a shortened season, five goals, 40 assists for 45 points as an offensive defenseman.
I believe he was top 10 in defenseman scoring.
So he is still elite at what he is supposed to do.
what he is supposed to do and i bet you based on if you crunched all those fucking analytic numbers based on offense produced he would in fact be a seven million dollar offensive defenseman now
i get the concern might be moving forward that there is deterioration but going off of last
year numbers before one game was played this year he was top 10 in the world at what he does
so i'll i guess i can leave it at that i'm so happy for him
and then on top of all of it it was his 100th nhl goal so and the only way the only way i can
actually think about this is like this was the ultimate fucking like oceans 14 they all planned
it for the social media lift in in there in in florida and and it was it was a fucking symphony
that was played it was all bravo all to get the team going together.
That's how you  hey, they said let's not do the
where did you guys go for your team unity bonding?
They didn't ask everyone to clap like Mikey said.
No, no, no.
Where did you go in Pittsburgh for all the emotional team building thing?
We went to West Point.
West Point. They're like instead of doing West Point, let's just fuck with the media in unison in order to do some team building thing uh we went we went to west point west point they're like instead of doing
west point let's just fuck with the media in unison in order to do some team building
and here we go the florida panthers want to know great game by the panthers hey hilarious quote
though the one that cracked me up i think it was quenville he's like we have 11 defensemen here
we're looking at they're all pretty even i'm like one guy has never missed a game and has 500 points
yeah they're a little different this guy you just picked up on wave is a week ago yeah and They're all pretty even. I'm like, one guy has never missed a game and has 500 points. Yeah.
They're a little different.
This guy you just picked up on Wave is a week ago.
Yeah.
And at one point was on a taxi squad.
You know what?
I'm a taxi squad guy.
Oh, we're both the biggest taxi squad pigeons going.
What's all right?
What?
I'm driving the taxi.
He's the bus driver.
The guy's in quarantine. I'm driving the taxi biz The bus driver, the guys in quarantine.
I'm the driving the taxi biz,
looking at you getting fucking some in the rear view mirror.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Or, or, or, or, or getting our Uber clip and giving it to the media.
Yeah.
Hey, either of you two,
do you know if the Panthers front office is like in the box behind the
bench or opposite on the office?
I don't know.
You're going to say the celebration. There was a little bit of a head lift listen it couldn't that's all i'm
bringing up it could have just been a coincidence but i it made me think like is that where the
front office is like remember when clemens was in toronto when he struck someone up at the red
socks on his box it's water water on my bridge okay i i all right i completely know what you're
saying because when i watched the
first clip i'm like but i think it was like okay never mind don't look up yeah i well i don't even
know if they're on that side that's why i'm asking i don't want to spread a rumor here but it came
when you watch the gif from that side i it was in my blog today it's like you're like oh okay was
there somebody up there or was it just you know it happened to be fucking about the way he turned
his head uh also yeah patino stuck up for him so we gotta send him some roman swipes we gotta take care of our boy gone to kentucky why
is he up why is there like a story out there about him that is he there is google it my friend if you
want about who patino but he busts a quick nut uh that's yeah that's why i said we should send
him some roman swipes yeah the story about him and whatever it's, I don't know if he listens or whoever, but yeah, he had a little, uh,
infidelity issue. It was in the papers and everything.
We're not reporting anything out of, out of turn.
You can fucking Google it.
It's probably the first thing that comes up and all the court transcripts or
whatever come out. Um, what'd you say? He could have used a Roman swipe.
I'll leave it at that. I don't know what the time was, but that's a tough rumor.
Yeah. That's the thing. I don't, I don't know what the time was. That's a tough rumor. That's the thing. I don't know what it was, but
either way, I try to be lucky.
No shame in that, guys. Hey, we've all been
there, man. That's why this stuff exists.
Don't have any shame in it. Sometimes you're just
so flattered by who you're with, you can't help it.
All right.
Moving right along. Actually, one other note, too.
Chris Dredge got the start over Brobski,
which I thought was pretty significant.
You're paying a goalie 10 million,
and he doesn't get the start in the opening game?
Yeah, there's some definite regrets to that contract, looking back.
Yeah.
To pay any goalie that much money is hard, right?
And then you got Bobrovsky,
who's proven that there's times he's incredible,
and there's times he's got nothing.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I know they had to overpay him,
but that was fucking insane. Yeah, it was definitely nice to they had to overpay him, but like that was fucking insane.
It was,
it was definitely nice to see and celebrate with the bench though.
That was nice.
Yeah,
absolutely.
All right.
Moving right along.
Obviously Pierre-Luc Dubois,
that's been a story in Columbus and he wants out like there's no secret
about it.
Tortorella went on the local radio station,
97.1,
the fan G you got that audio for us queued up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He wants out. uh uh he he
spoke to the team uh as we as we do here he spoke to the team it's a little bit different than bread
and and bob where this is a 22 year old kid uh doesn't happen that often and uh yeah so uh he
has he has been honest with the group as honest as as I wish he was a little bit more honest as far as reasons why.
Still haven't really gotten to that, but I think he needs to speak on that.
I won't.
To coach him, you know, I can give you a great answer,
but it's very difficult for me when a guy doesn't want to be here at such a young age.
And the amount of time we've poured into him to try to develop him
and is just looking to go,
it's hard for me. I'm not sure where it goes with me as the season gets going here. I'll be quite
honest with you because I want to spend my time in developing the people that want to be here,
but I still have to coach the hockey team to be the best it can be. Luke has had a good camp,
team to be the best it can be.
Luke has had a good camp,
has had a good camp,
but it's a short leash with me as far as this is concerned.
He needs to continue to do the things
to help his team win
and be as best team as he can
be, or I'm not sure where
it goes.
It's a situation.
It is. It's a situation, and we'll see.
We'll go to it day by day.
I mean, it's pretty strong stuff from Torts, which is what Torts does,
but he's on the number.
I mean, this kid, they spent a lot of time and money and capital on him,
and now he wants to piss out of there after three years.
So, I mean, you can understand Torts' anger or whatever you want to call it.
But then on Monday, Pierre-Luc Dubois, he was seventh in time on ice
among forwards, 15-0-3.
He got, I think, what was it, one shift in the last half of the second period there?
What, Biz?
Yeah, I think in the last seven minutes or something.
Last seven minutes.
And he actually got asked about it, and it even got a little bit awkward.
If you want to play the audio for that, G.
Did you get a wake-up call from Tortorella there at the end of the second?
I think he just played one shift in the final seven minutes.
Can you say what that was about?
No.
No, didn't say anything.
Yeah, just thought that happens.
The guys were playing well.
Kind of going back to what Tort said, he's probably in the mindset now.
He's like, why am I going to be putting a guy who doesn't want to be here
in positions where guys need to learn how to win in those situations if he's not going to be here he wants to probably
give those situations to guys that are going to be there down the stretch right wit like is that
is that a pretty fair accurate assessment by the what he said a couple days ago till his actions
in the game yeah I mean unless I wasn't watching that game I saw the goal he scored I I've looked at the
goals scored I wasn't like watching it live so I don't know if he had a poor game you could score
a goal and not play well right or I don't know if it's one of the things that you're saying it's
like all right we're trying to protect this lead like he's not gonna be here much longer he doesn't
want to be here I'll give these guys a go and that's the thing where a coach can kind of
accelerate a trade possibly.
I don't think any GM is going to rush.
Actually, I shouldn't say that.
There's GMs who have definitely rushed into making trades.
But it doesn't seem like the GM in Columbus.
I can never say his name right.
Kekalainen?
Kekalainen?
Darmo.
Darmo.
Darmo.
He doesn't seem someone like somebody, you know,
he goes and gets Seth Jones.
He seems to be pretty dialed in, right?
He seems to chill.
He's not going to rush to make a decision. But if all of a sudden this guy's like not going to be playing much
or if he's really struggling, it's like at some point,
we know he doesn't want to be here.
Let's get this done.
Let's move on.
And it's one thing to deal with the Panarin stuff. That's all year. You know, he's going to be here let's get this done let's move on and it's one thing to deal with the panarin stuff
panarin stuff if that's all year you know he's going to be there this guy like doesn't want to
be there it's so different and i just i i think that i think that it it would seem to be help
both sides if they get a deal done here so here's an odd dynamic too is is you're trying to keep his
value as high as possible to set your team up for the best trade.
But that's the coach's decision.
Correct.
Torch isn't thinking about that.
Buddy, I'm saying a hundred percent.
So that's kind of like the dynamic between GM coach where torts has,
this is the last year on torts his deal, right?
He's probably like, no,
I've been spending my time and energy with this group of guys.
I want to see how far I can bring it.
So he's kind of in the mindset of like, oh, fuck you.
Now, I'm curious to know, like, does Torts think he ever crossed the line
as a coach with Dubois to have made the relationship as toxic as it is?
And that's me assuming, like I talked about,
whether it was last episode or the one before that,
is the understanding is there's been love loss from Dubois towards Torts.
Has Torts tried to rectify it?
Has he called him in and said, hey, maybe I fucking gave you a few pee-pee whacks a little too hard and I got in your face, but ultimately it was trying to make you a tougher, better player. And if that's your approach in how to do it, it might have not been received well to the player.
It's been done to a certain amount of times to where he's like,
he's like, fuck this, I want out.
So I don't know where this is going to land
or what he's going to get traded for,
but these are the scenarios that I'm trying to present
as to what's going on in this situation and why it's so difficult.
And then in the torts quote where he
says i don't think what was it i don't think he's explained the why or he could do more explaining
his terms and was that what it was in terms of why he hasn't said why why he wants to want to
be here he doesn't is is it me he hasn't told me that okay so if he hasn't done that maybe he's
better off telling him that like i i i i can't speak for a kid that's going through this,
but if the coach is going to publicly say like,
this kid won't tell me why he wants out and be like, dude,
I can't stand you. I mean, at this point, what, what, what,
what could go wrong? What could go worse than it's already going?
You ain't going to hurt towards his feelings.
Not that it's going that bad. You know what I'm saying though?
So, so are you saying the only other potential scenario is the fact that he's
caught, it's kind of like an Eli Manning situation where where to where he's just going to be the poopy pants
deflate and like it's make it make it to where there's so much tension to where eventually like
it's it's going to force the hand and it's going to happen sooner i don't know if he seems he
doesn't know i'm not saying the kids like being poopy pants he's i'm saying is that another
scenario that like the other the other potential scenario um am i overthinking no because that no i think he wants to get
play as well as he can to get the best team interested in him or whoever whatever it is
you know i mean if he plays as if he plays as well as he can teams are only going to want him
even more he's going to have even more suitors. There's no  that's the thing.
There's no, like, reason that he  No, I don't think you're understanding.
Going back, I don't think you're understanding what I'm saying.
What I'm saying is that, like, if he's unwilling to say what it is
and it's not, in fact, his dislike for torts,
it must be a scenario where he just, like,
he just doesn't want to play for the Columbus Blue Jackets,
which is like  so you're saying he doesn't,
so he could potentially come out and say, guys,
like the actual reason is I just don't want to play here.
And maybe he, is he kind of already saying that or is he not?
Yeah, I think he is.
And he doesn't want to come out and say that
because then he's going to have the fans turn against him
and he might still be here for two more years
because they're not obligated to trade him.
So maybe he doesn't want to come out and say,
I don't want to play in Columbus.
It's not what I like. I don don't know some guys are grateful to be
wherever and others not yeah all right well because i mean going back to last pod i was
saying that like i've talked to people and it seems like there was a little bit of tension
between the two and that could be a big reason i don't know but yeah it was the what's 136 second
shift in the final seven of the second but he did get almost five minutes of ice in the third, six shifts.
He got one after a penalty, and like we said, he scored.
Do you think he's a blue jacket February 15th?
They've only played one game, right?
So I can't make a decision right now.
Let's see how bad it gets.
I mean, if he's playing.
Fair enough.
We'll talk after five or ten games.
He's playing fourth line by game three i think we know our answer here and i and one another
quote from torts which was after the game monday he said to the media slow down boys you'll know
when i bench someone so he clearly wasn't benching anyone in it we should know columbus did bounce
back they got swept by the preds over the weekend um pretty funny stuff i didn't have this on my
nhl bingo card for this season. Dylan Larkin versus
Zach Wierenski. Bobby Ryan versus
Oliver Bjorkstrand. Nice little scrap
at the end of the game. And then we found out
Larkin actually got tickets for the game for the Wierenski
family and friends, and then they end up going at
it during the fucking game.
It's not a slobber knock with those two, but
still pretty funny. Larkin, classy
guy. He actually sent me a bottle of wine when I was in
Detroit last to the restaurant he sent me to.
I remember you told that story.
Shout out for the free move.
He knows I love free ships.
He's a captain.
Captain type material.
He pretty much guaranteed himself to see when he got me that bottle of wine.
Because I called Stevie Y.
I'm like, this is your fucking man.
Yo, Stevie, let's light up a blunt.
I got this unreal idea for Captain.
Yo, let's talk about that kush.
What were we talking about oh
um didn't they go to college together uh no wierenski went to michigan oh no they did i guess
did laura can play at michigan they played the program together too i know that maybe they were
they might have been different ages and might have missed each other but yeah they're they're
played before college and at the same college at the same place.
That makes a lot of sense.
When G said that, it reminds me of that.
Wasn't there a movie called The Program?
And the one guy's juicing and he's like hawking in his buddy's mouth
right before they go into the field.
Yeah, one of the best movies ever, The Program.
And then the running back, like the new star freshman running back,
he has a fumbling issue, right?
He can't stop fumbling and practicing games.
So the coach says, carry this football around,
and if anyone else returns it to me,
like carry it around with you at all times, 24-7.
If anyone returns it, you're dead or whatever.
You might be done off the team.
So fucking this kid's carrying it around as well as he can all the time.
Everywhere you see him, finally one of his teammates, right,
sees him kind of snoozing, maybe talking to a little girl,
looking at a girl in A class, sociology.
My major.
And he stows it off.
And boom, he whacks the ball.
And the ball goes flying down the stairs.
And literally 30 football players from the same class,
like they all would have been in class, are wrestling to try to get it.
And out of the bottom of the huddle omar easy comes with the fucking football he never lost
and he ends up being the star later in the season it's a sick movie yeah and then the the heisman
hopeful the quarterback going through the struggles right he was the heisman drunk he's a
drunk yeah joe was it joe joe kane maybe that might be the most underrated football movie of all time.
I would put Any Given Sunday on my list, too.
Those inches.
I have a problem saying it's one of the best ever,
but that's another debate for another day.
Yeah, but some of your movies stink.
Oh, which one?
Movie liking is the most, what do you call it?
Subjective.
Subjective thing in the world.
Oh, that's a nice word.
It's no greater than me
and you wit where are we we tend to be in the uh actually not all the time no no some shows and
movies we really agree together i've been um i've been watching this show on uh uh what's what's the
fuck now the television no come on stop what happens when you die and then you come back
reincarnation reincarnation there's been the show
on uh i think it's on netflix my girl showed me one one was on that another one is uh about being
a median do you know what a median is you're talking to the dead person and then you're
talking to the person a lot yeah fucking yeah isn't hoxters who rip off vulnerable vulnerable
people that's what they are i have relatives that go to them and I laugh in their faces
and just say, fuck, I'll put your money in charity.
Okay, that's fair.
But the reincarnation one,
you wouldn't be able to chirp
because the kids were able to point out things
on paper that were factual
about the person that they came back as.
How many months in advance did they book
the appointment? Usually a couple months. You did they book they quit the appointment usually a
couple months you don't think they get researched on that shit okay so you're telling me that so
the whole netflix show is basically like just to suck you and eat so they would even lie about a
situation like that just to get get me hooked hook line and sinker well netflix isn't lying
the people they're recording and putting on a show a lion and people can take it for what it's worth
i mean personally i think it's a crock of shit if people believe it that's their prerogative
and they can i just in netflix yeah netflix is in the entertainment business i don't get i'll say
this about it i'll say this so i got sucked in harder than wit in the lap dances no i'll say
this i i got i didn't get sucked in i thought i i got crushed on um i don't i i'm never one to say if it's real or not but i'll say if it helps somebody
it's like right if somebody goes and and and they're being told these things and it makes
them feel so much better it's like good for them you know yeah i i feel you on that way but like
i said oftentimes it's emotionally vulnerable people who are gonna that's just gonna confirm
or reaffirm what they already feel i can completely agree on the medium aspect of it but on the reincarnation unless of course they're like
they're already like predetermining it they're showing the kid and it's completely fake
on the people they're recording well then yeah like okay sure sure go to youtube and watch
long island medium exposed she's the biggest fucking fraud like she'll be like oh yeah raise
your hand oh someone named john someone john like oh my god i have a great uncle john it's like yeah
who the fuck doesn't have a relative john mike she's a fraud she's been pretty much proven proven
to be one but hey she got her fucking grift on and she's probably retired by now laughing at people
anyways let's fucking move along like song song song you meanwhile i forgot i had the sweatshirt on
that's like what's her face whoopi whoopi goldberg and in ghost i sense i i said i sense a lot of
foreskin hey only a ton of foreskin only towards the focus towards could end up making us talk
about the medium medians is it median or medium medium? I have no clue. Medium, like the size
I can't fit in since the last 30 years.
So I got sucked in. All right. Netflix bent
me over again. Mr. Gullible Biz.
Yeah, you are the most gullible person in the world.
But I do.
I do already have my preorder
in for the cologne
from Dreitz. I don't
worry about that.
You fuckers think I ain't coming out with that thing?
You guys are nuts.
I bet you I could get 5,000 units pre-ordered.
Dreisaitl.
Smell like points.
Smell like a locker room.
All right, boys.
Keep with the Central Division here.
It's been a pretty rough start for the old...
We fell off the rails there, eh, boys?
Hold on. I'm getting my
fortune told. Hold on a sec.
The Blackhawks.
Fuck you. 0-3.
I mean, they played Tampa the first two games,
got outscored 10-3.
Then they lose to Florida. They
outscored 15-5 so far. They
clearly need a number one goalie. I mean, they're
spending less than 2 million on two
goalies. They're at the cap.
They just extended Collett in two years,
which I think gave our buddy Chief another stroke.
This team, man, I don't know what they're going to do.
They're not in no man's land yet.
They're kind of in that playoff bubble type thing,
but it's been a rough fucking start for them.
They stink.
I think I could make the Hawks right now.
Oh, my God.
And so the Colleton extension, I'm not going to say it made sense,
but now I think his deal, Keith's deal, Tave's deal, and it might be
no, it's not Kane's.
I thought there was somebody else.
They all end 2023, right?
So you're looking at what's the beginning of a complete rebuild.
It could be back to the Blackhawks from when I came into the league.
I don't know.
I mean, they don't have much there, right?
They sold their souls to win three Stanley Cups.
Yeah, exactly.
So if I'm a fan, I embrace what's going on.
Does that sound crazy?
Yes.
But you know what I do? I say we had the most going on. Does that sound crazy? Yes.
But you know what I do?
I say we had the most amazing 10-year run, whatever it was,
three fucking Stanley Cups, a dream as a fan,
a core unit of superstars that will have their jerseys hung in my man cave.
I'll forever remember the games that it took to win throughout those runs.
And now I'm going to go all in on the rebuild.
Maybe it's 10 years.
I hope it's not that long.
I hope we're not a joke and a laughingstock and there's no fans.
But I'm going to be there because it's going to make the next time they win,
hopefully in 25 years, whenever it is, be that much sweeter.
Right?
I think to be a fan and all of a sudden you're like, this team sucks. it's like all right well this isn't a very legit uh spoiled is the word you're looking for
they're fan base right now but i'll say this is coming from a standpoint of an organization to
where you've kind of just been like shitty but but not too shitty. It never, it's never going to benefit you at this day and age.
You, you need to get those Patrick Kane picks.
You need to get those Connor McDavid's.
You need to get those franchise players.
So might as well make it a quick death.
The only issue I would have with the fact that it's probably going to be this
year, if they do,
they are a lottery team and they do end up getting first or second.
Cause it looks that bad at this point right now is you also have a wave of,
of prospects who maybe haven't had the possibility to develop as much as like
last year.
Like these kids have not been on the ice,
maybe as much as they should have been playing in game situations.
So to evaluate the talent who might maybe coming into this year,
there were 15 options who might be in the top three picks
to where it usually gets narrowed down by the time the draft happens.
It's going to be so difficult to scout.
So this might be a year where there might be a big miss,
but it should be no surprise to anyone.
So that would be the only negative to being that bad
this quick but listen they still got taves when he gets back healthy they got doc i understand
they got some guys getting paid a lot of money but i would i would not count out this team to
still be a decent team moving forward when they get two fairly significant pieces back
chief had a really good blog, guys.
I don't know if you saw it.
It was kind of like why Blackhawks fans shouldn't be interested in this team.
And there was a pretty telling tweet in there from Chief October 6, 2020.
Blackhawks coming up at 17.
Let's check in on where all Stan's first-round picks are at the moment.
2017, Yokihari Buffalo.
2014, Schmaltz Arizona.
2013, Hartman Wild.
2012, Carolina, Tara Vining.
Tara Vining is in Carolina.
2011, McNeil Buss.
2011, Deneau is in Montreal.
2010, Hayes in Philly.
They haven't had one first-round pick stick besides Doc.
So, right, who was the soonest pick out of all those picks?
Now, keep in mind, we talked about it with Elliott Friedman.
When you're dropping out of the top three, it's hard.
It's like there's a significant drop-off.
But now saying that is like you eventually got to hit some decent.
You got to hit a few of them.
Or not trade them all away.
That seems to be the problem is they keep trading them away too early.
How many of these guys are popping off now, would you say?
Can you go over
the list again Tara Vinen's fucking silky Tara Vinen Dino Kevin Hayes chose to not to play there
yeah Kevin Hayes but Dino Tara Vinen getting rid of both those guys was tough I mean I I don't know
if they weren't fitting in they weren't playing enough I don't know if Quenville didn't like them
but in the end it's that's two players you're like, oh, shit.
I think we should also note, too, and I know Chief obviously has his issues with the Blackhawks, but they
won three fucking titles.
They went through, exactly.
They were picking in the high 20s, 30s,
and yeah, I know. I mean, we don't want to beat up on them.
Every fan who's bitching, every fan who's
whining and complaining was at the
deadlines of all those years, like,
just, yeah, go for it again.
We only, you know, we got a window here.
Like ghosts.
Take my wife.
Take my wife.
Chickens are going to come home to roost at some point.
Take my kids.
Just get, just get the fucking guy.
Oh, get Hosa here, please.
For the love of God.
No, it kind of reminds me of, um, wait, I know you were younger than me,
but Larry Bird and Kevin McHale,
like the Celtics held on to them for way too long. And you you know of course they didn't want to trade them they were legends who
they won titles with but if they had gotten rid of them they might not have had a you know five
to ten year of absolutely nothing like what chicago could be looking at so i mean are they
gonna hang on these guys at 10 million each and with the with the other rest of the roster that's
not really cup worthy i don't know man i, if it's going to happen and those guys are okay with it
and it's time to move on, to be on social media the day
if he packaged him in one field in a deal together,
I mean, you'd have to go on witness protection.
Two for two.
He could hire me as his personal security guard,
but he has to give me a two-year deal.
All right.
With an option.
Moving right along.
Don't move, Claus.
We mentioned the Red Wings a few minutes ago.
They split their first series with Carolina,
but we want to mention Bobby Ryan.
I mean, they asked him, why'd you sign Detroit?
He said, one reason, Stevie, why?
He's got three goals already this year.
I mean, we talked about his story last year,
his bout having to leave the Senators to deal with personal issues.
So it's great to see a nice bounce back from Bobby Ryan so far.
I mean, what a reason.
Go ahead, Wade.
Who's your favorite player?
Oh, no, I love Bobby.
I was rooting for him.
And when I saw him sign there, I said, oh, he could actually pop off a little bit
because he's going to probably play a lot more than he would maybe on a really good deep team.
You know, he's one of the most skilled players in Detroit.
I'll tell you like that guy's
hands I've gone over it but I think with with increased playing time power play opportunity
he's going to do pretty well and then maybe at the deadline somebody picks him up or tries to
or wants to try to give him a look we'll see how that goes I mean it's that's looking pretty far
ahead quickly by me but I'm not surprised at all to see this guy score no no he's a great start to the year but
when i said he was your best player i meant by his answer when when he said stevie eiserman
and i was my favorite jersey do you think i've do you think i've ruined every chance we have
of getting him on the pod if because because of the i i would guess i would guess he has no clue
although maybe one of his buddies who listens told him that they think you're a part of it.
I'll just blame Docker.
Yeah, that's the way it's all.
Sorry, man.
Here's his phone number if you need to call him.
Yeah.
Any other central notes you want to jump on
before we move along to the
North Division?
No, I think that's good
for the central.
We haven't mentioned our, I guess yet.
We got a couple of bombers for you today.
Nathan McKinnon, the Nate dog rejoined the show again and Brady could
Chuck young stud in Ottawa.
He commanded about 20 minutes, half hour with his great kids.
So we'll be bringing that stuff a little bit later.
First.
What's the universal male experience.
The awful feeling of your ball sticking to your leg.
Well, Saks Underwear has the solution.
Their patented ballpark pouch is the single greatest contribution to underwear,
maybe even mankind.
It's basically a built-in hammock that keeps everything in place down south.
No sticking or chafing or irritation.
And as you get older and gravity starts doing its thing,
having Saks Underwear is even more essential.
The first time I put them on, I noticed a huge difference.
You will as well. You got nothing to lose. Saks offers a even more essential. The first time I put them on, I noticed a huge difference. You will as well.
You got nothing to lose.
Saks offers a 30-day comfort guarantee.
If you try them and you don't love them, you can return them.
No strings attached.
It's a no-brainer.
And Valentine's Day is just around the corner,
so maybe drop a hint or just grab them yourself for the big date.
Go to S-A-X-X.com.
That's Saks with two X's.
Use the code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
for 10 off your first order plus free shipping.
Remember, that's 10 off and free shipping with the code CHICKLETS.
Go to S-A-X-X.com.
They are comfy, man.
They sent me a few a while back.
You get older, man.
You got to reach down to your knee if I can adjust things at this stage of the game.
All right.
The North Division. The Canadian Division. Then Unreal. adjust things at this stage of the game. So, all right, the North division, the Canadian division, then unreal.
We had a ton of overs the first couple of nights.
But I think the first story we should go to here, Edmonton opens up.
Just an absolutely beautiful tribute to Joey Moss with,
they had John Muckler as well, but for those who didn't see it,
the anthem singer came out.
I don't know his name and they synced up the video of Joey singing the anthem as well.
I mean, I was sitting there with tears rolling down my face watching it.
It was just an absolutely beautiful job they did on it.
What I know you talked about, Joey, before.
Did you happen to catch it?
Yeah, I did.
And it was perfect.
And, you know, they were able to bring up John Muckler as well.
And the issues that the Oilers have had just losing two legends.
So I think that seeing the stuff with Joey and seeing like,
I actually heard Louis DeBrus talking about him.
They were playing Montreal and they had that broadcast on.
He was talking about how you missed, you know, busting his chops.
And it's just all the things that have come out about him.
And there was a show, was it TSNRA?
I believe so. Yeah.
Yeah. Sorry.
But anything you can see to kind of learn about this guy's life
and how special it was, I'd highly recommend.
But that was a great moment.
Yeah, it was a nice touch for sure.
I know it was a tough little stretch here for Edmonton Oilers fans
and I guess everyone across Canada as far as Joey's concerned.
So tough sledding.
And speaking of McDavid, he had a tough first game.
Pointless.
But then he's gone.
What?
McDavid.
Right when he said his name, I just said, Jesus.
Yeah.
That's a natural reaction.
Didn't have a Connor McDavid-like game the first night,
but against Vancouver, beat him 5-3.
Edmonton, second game, absolute electric hat trick.
Sure, Pat did Connor McDavid goal when he does that thing with just a burst of speed coming down the wing and just shoots it when you don't expect him to. him five to three edmonton second game absolute electric hat trick score pat did conor mcdavid
goal when he does that thing with just a burst of speed coming down the wing and just shoots it
when you don't expect him to oh yeah and he just stops on a dime and it's like poor edler edler
had zero gap which doesn't even matter against him you get a perfect gap he's gonna go around you
but edler is just like seeing this freight train that can also stop on a dime and stick handle
coming at him and he's just like, ah,
and ends up facing the complete wrong direction as McDavid just rips this
tight turn, goes shelf all in one motion.
Nice little, I think it was like a triple pump.
Like I'll just, you know, boom, boom, boom.
As he's on one leg flying towards the, uh, the glass to celebrate.
It never ceases to amaze me.
They, they,
I don't know if it was a tweet or I was online.
He has,
he has not,
not kidding you like 40 of those already 40 videos of goals that he's flying as fast as you've ever seen anyone on the ice and he's burning guys and he's
stopping and he's cutting back.
It's like,
this was a never ending clip.
I was like,
how long has this guy played in the league? So the highlight goals that he's stopping, and he's cutting back. It's like this was a never-ending clip. I was like, how long has this guy played in the league?
So the highlight goal is that he's able to produce.
You're looking at what might be, I've said it before,
the greatest hockey player of all time.
I know he is not that yet, and there's a ways to go,
but he does things that I've never seen done.
He does this thing where when he's flying to,
and there is a D-man there there and he knows he's got him,
he almost like kind of stops,
but he's still going.
And then if the defenseman reacts by,
by going one way,
he cuts back the other way,
he'll actually cut it.
And then,
and then if they don't,
he just keeps going.
So it's like,
they're fucked either way.
So yeah,
he's a human cheat code.
And I think that,
you know,
if you're playing defense against him,
you might as well just have a fucking net. Okay year is it for him what year is it for him you
should put those things that they put when the cops are trying to pop the guy's tires you just
get to slide it out on them if you get a one of the things you try to catch like a million shrimp
in the ocean or a million fish you know those big ass nets no i don't know i don't know what
they're called i might have just butchered I kind of was putting that in the net.
What year did he come into the league?
How many years is this?
2015, 2016.
Okay, so this is his fifth year, bro?
Sixth.
This is his sixth year.
Good math.
Well, it always messes me up when you say 2015, 26, you know.
You guys know where I was coming from.
If you asked an Oilers fan, once you were getting him
and you knew he was going to be
this it's like uh you think you'll have a standing cup five years into his career i think a lot of
them would have said yes i know that sounds crazy but a player like that they turn it around quick
and granted it took ovechkin forever but still some some fans would have thought it they're
nowhere near it still they were when i watched they were winning president's trophies i'll kick the shit out of them it was it was it was i i don't know
might have finished five one or four one um granted it's three games and they're one and two
but i don't know man it's like this guy's in his sixth year all of a sudden it'll be seven eight
nine it's like where are the oilers at they need they need to figure it out quick trade me
right fucking now they need to figure it out when you have this these two guys at their prime
dominating every shift that's what i wrote in the notes i mean a five one spanking from in
montreal the other night they don't they don't have i don't think they have a bonafide number
one goalie when you have two talents like that dry settle mcdavid you need a fucking number one
goal if you're gonna compete yeah i wouldn't give you you're right you're right not bona fide and then smith smith's out he's out long
term i believe yeah he's gonna be out for for a couple weeks so i mean i don't know it's not easy
to just go and grab a number one goalie but until they have one man i think they're gonna have
issues like this so all right moving right along how about those toronto maple leafs first place
out of the gate they lost the first uh i'm sorry. They won the first game, Montreal, and they split with Ottawa.
2-1-1 right now.
That 0-3 OT thriller versus the Habs to open the season.
That was like a playoff game to start the season.
Unreal action up and down.
Got a nice scrap, Wayne Simmons and Ben Sherratt.
And I'll tell you, man, people who don't like fighting,
they can't make an argument about it that night.
Simmons was yelling to the bench.
All of a sudden, they came back, ended up winning the game.
Good stuff. Biz, I know
you want to talk about the scrap there as a form of
scrappy yourself.
Yeah, yeah. Sorry, just canceling my Miss Cleo
subscription here.
Gernelli probably doesn't even know what that is.
Were you around for Miss Cleo?
I have no idea what Miss Cleo is.
Did you guys used to see those infomercials?
Absolutely.
She was just another,
she was another con out of sucks.
The Grinnelli pretending herself.
I thought you'd like that one.
All right.
I was,
I was waiting to bust it out,
but you hadn't thrown it to me in a while,
but let's,
let's go through his notes for jokes to tell in the future.
So let's fuck you.
Let's start with the Montreal game in Toronto that was
an unbelievable game I think that was in the on Wednesday the first night they opened the season
up uh love the Simmons fight establishing right away he knows exactly what his role is it was a
spirited scrap who uh who was the guy he fought um Ben Ben Sherr ben charot all game he was barking that's a great little
rivalry and i think out of the gate game one montreal looks good i i they look good josh
anderson they're fast they're fast and that's kind of their plan is to come at you every line
charot was the one who hammered Matthews late and he crushed,
he broke a stick over him.
So you're right.
He was getting in the mix quite a bit.
Yep.
Once you're all,
yeah,
I hate that call by me.
But I'm not gonna,
I'm not backing down.
I hate it,
but I'm not backing down when they lose two in a row,
you'll see me on Twitter,
but man,
the Leafs are exciting.
I watched Calgary late.
They're good. Paul Maurice had, he's like, I wish we watch Calgary late. They're good.
Paul Maurice, he's like, I wish we could keep this forever.
He's like, it's our own little league.
It's sick.
I know we said leading up how cool this was going to be,
but something about all these teams every night playing each other.
I am so into that division.
And Toronto, right?
They waived Spezza and they waived Arendelle.
People were flipping out.
I kind of understand because Spezza's great on face-offs
and only Leafs fans say, we can't lose our face-off guy.
But I think Spezza went there.
He's like, I'm going to play for the Leafs and then I'm done.
And the report came out that if he were to be claimed by somebody,
he was retiring.
Such a power move.
What a vet move right there.
Absolutely. Spezza's agent reports if he's claimed, he will retire. to be claimed by somebody he was retiring such a power move what a vet move right there absolutely
spence's agent reports if he's claimed he will retire do not put my name on a piece of paper
and say claim anyone in the league he was saying i love what a report agent yeah if you claim him
he ain't coming okay yeah it's like it's like oh man you won't get your 700k uh yeah he's got about 60 million i think
yeah but um but then dell was claimed and that is a little rattling and i was kind of confused as to
what went on there but you see already how much teams are trying to use the taxi squad and it's
gonna come in it's gonna come in some such a big part of play throughout this year and goaltending
is like what we always talk about right anderson goes down it's like you need to be safe there and i think leafs fans were pissed
and you knew once dell went on waiver somebody was grabbing sure enough jersey does with the
retirement of cory crawford coming a few weeks back um were you done sort of go ahead well i
was gonna say jack campbell uh great backup he ended up getting that win against
ottawa uh in game three i believe so now they're two and one but uh overall they look great i know
that there's a couple joe thornton stats that ended up coming up he scores his he but the the
time that he'd scored his first goal against ottawa what was the stat all right first the
first none of the first line was even born yet. None of Ottawa's first line are their own.
They weren't even born.
None of Ottawa's first line.
He scored his first goal versus the Sens in 1998.
The first line for Ottawa hadn't been born yet.
There was another crazy one, too.
Joe Thornton, 1,638 career games.
The Senators' top two lines combined, 1,213.
Oh, and then last one is Joe Thornton's the only active player
to score a goal at Maple Leaf Gardens and their new building.
I know it was the ACC.
What is it, Scotiabank now?
Scotiabank now.
Yeah, Scotiabank.
So there's a lot of funny old guy stats out there for Joe Thornton.
It was great to see him.
That fucking pass that Marner made was silky.
He bats it down by putting a stick on the ice.
What's crazy to me is it's still rolling,
and he automatically puts it exactly where it's due, head up.
Boom, head up.
He takes a picture of the ice, boom, nothing there, right back to Joe.
And I think he basically had the exact same type of drop pass
on that Matthews one timer.
So this team looks absolutely lethal, although they did,
they did fall to the pesky sins and we'll get into them.
We want to get into them now.
Yeah.
Actually a couple, a couple of quick notes on Toronto to going back to
the Spezza in the event he was claimed by another team,
he could just refuse to report.
Then they would just terminate his contract.
Then he'd be free to sign back with Toronto.
So yeah, getting that message. you could swindle that that's i believe
it was our pal chris johnson i believe he's the one who wrote that yeah in the event he was claimed
by another team and refused to report he'd likely see his contract terminated that would allow him
to sign another deal with toronto but i think like he said if you're gonna put that retirement
threat out there teams are just gonna stay away that's just a lot of paperwork yeah it's like you
know hey they're doing it.
They're like to spite each other. The fucking intern
at the league office is like, fuck this shit.
They're making them fax it just to be pricks.
One other note to the Simmons
fight. Did you see him give Sherratt the thumbs up
from the penalty hit the penalty box? Like, in other words, thanks
for giving me the fight. Nice. The cool little
gesture, you know, like, hey, thanks. You know, guys don't
have to fight anymore. I don't know if you're saying thanks
as opposed to just like good fight. But either way, it was it was pretty cool. And I think he hey, thanks. You know, guys don't have to fight anymore. I don't know if you're saying thanks as opposed to just like good fight.
Either way, it was pretty
cool. I think he was saying thanks, R.A.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Romanoff looked fantastic
in that game, too. Did you guys see that pass he
made to Tatar? He's nice.
He's silky.
He's got all
the qualities you want in a defenseman
in today's game.
He looks exactly like you, Grinnell.
He went to the bench and was breathing heavy.
It's bizarre.
It's more than Quinn Hughes.
He's apparently on the no-trade list.
R.A.'s on the no-fly list.
We got this guy on the no-trade list because the rumor swirling was that
is it Yarmou or Jarmo?
I've always heard Yarmou, Kikolainen, or Kikolainen.
Okay, we'll go with Yarmou. Apparently, he was asking always heard Yarmou, Kikolainen or Kikolainen. We'll go with Yarmou.
Apparently he was asking about him
but Bergervin says, the Bergervan said
I don't, I think they're
asking for Suzuki too and
as a Montreal Canadiens fan
Yeah, yeah
I don't think that that's the play. I think the ceiling's
a little bit higher as far as what the Suzuki
kid can do and I mean there's... Over Dubois?
I, I, I it's hard
because I wouldn't say that so sure wow okay sure it would probably be up to Montreal fans who get
to watch I think the the high-end skill is more of like a like a little bit of a teaser for that
toe drag he had when the guy would bid it to the portion Evans it was nice little viral clip put
him in a Calgary he put him into the saddle dome. He put him in a Calgary. He put him into the Saddle Dome. He put him in a Whitney in Columbus when the 2x4 was dropped down.
Oh, my goodness.
That's got to be one of those do-do-do-do-do-do.
You know when the kid, like, they spin him into oblivion?
You know what I'm talking about?
The gif?
Arendelle was claimed by the Devils, by the way,
just to finish up that note and yeah the pesky
sends man they come out with a hell of a first game i gave out on the gamble corner we'll get
to that later but i gave out a minus one and a half puck line plus 410 they came through with
a 5-3 win they look great out there they lost the second game 3-2 but um they playing like i
thought they would i know everyone laughed at me but they got a great blend there i thought murray
was pretty good his first two games.
This is a fun team to watch, man.
I'm going to be fucking following them and betting the shit out of them all year, Biz.
Murray's on his redemption tour.
Yeah, he looked good.
I like the young energy.
We do have an Ottawa settler coming on later.
He's going to explain the whole Jimmy. Jimmy.
James.
James.
Jimmy Stu.
So we got that whole back story.
Jimmy Stu is nice, actually.
I like that.
Yeah.
I don't know, Sherk or Nelly.
Jimmy Stu?
Jimmy Stu.
Sounds like a rock star.
Or does it not?
Fuck.
Yeah. You got to put the umlauts above the U.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What are those German dots called?
Umlauts.
Umlauts?
Yeah.
I always wondered that.
And how do you say the U differently when you see the umlauts?
I think you just put it like Stutze.
Like you have a little German, like little Gunther from the Simpsons.
You just go, uh.
How do you pronounce it?
Umlauts?
That's called an umblot
i'd rather listen to charles manson than fucking hansen remember that song
that song i remember actually physically doing a fist pump in eighth grade when i was being driven home
from noble and green on school when that song came on the radio jam i loved that jam that was the year
we won quebec i remember my older cousin used to insult me for listening to that tune and like
looking back fuck you bro that is a jam you know when they try to make you feel insecure for
listening like a like a pop tune like justin bieber i mean it could
work on me too you tell me the music stinks i'm listening to i'll shut it off never listen to it
again but oomba is a different story we got to open up the pod with that that's why you're hearing
it well no that's the thing people won't listen to the rest oh yeah what was like what was like
oh i want to get my hair cut like him but it's like uh his bob was like yeah wait you probably don't want to do that no i remember a barber told me once i said like i don't know
it's like hair coming down hockey or like your hair doesn't come down bud your hair stays up
an afro yeah i've long i've long remembered that i couldn't have hair that looked cool and came
actually down hey so when i had my long when I had my long hair,
I had my sister straighten it one time. Oh, you got the picture?
You must look like
a fucking pimp or something.
I look like that one pick of Snoop Dogg
when he's got it down.
The one guy who
does the wicked pimp walk coming into the building
like that fucking gift.
100. Yeah, I get the NBA
draft suit on. fuck man um yeah
jimmy's still got his first tuck in his second game uh but brady kachuk who we're going to be
bringing on shortly he had a goal to assist in his first game and what does he not look like his
old man out there the number seven the ass parked in front of the fucking top of the crease just
like keith man they're both they're both i think when he scored that that tip and goal like uh
ferraro was like,
it's the father, it's the brother, it's Brady.
They just score right around the blue paint.
They take beatings.
They'll give the beatings out.
They're just pains in the ass to play against.
It's exactly what you'd want in a hockey player.
They're the type of players who actually,
besides maybe taking a stupid penalty besides that they're on ice play
they're the type of players the coaches are never mad at you know what i mean biz there's nothing
like they're like walt will take care of it via text after the game if it if it maybe wasn't up
to par yeah that's pretty much it oh you could just like the way they play is so easy to like
root for i know that sounds crazy because people despise them,
but having played the game, it's easy for me to root for them.
Rarely, rarely, rarely will you ever see them have a night off
because they'll find a way to make themselves relevant in that game.
Guys, how old is he?
He's under 21, or he's 20?
He's 21.
Oh, he just turned.
Okay, so he's 21 now.
I mean, his maturity level speaks for itself.
I think we should throw it over to that interview right now.
All right.
Another thing, too, is the genetic mannerisms,
how they chop in the mouthpiece the exact same fucking way.
It's fucking hilarious.
All right, boys, before we do send it over to him,
we got a little golf talk, a little tailor-made action.
We're going to have Biz read this ad.
Let's see how this goes, guys. We're all in it together.
Alright. Is it in the Checkouts group chat?
Yeah, I'm going to. Oh my god.
I'm going to take my glasses off.
I'm going to follow it.
Hockey guys or golf guys?
Especially us. And we are pumped
to be sponsored by TaylorMade this year.
TaylorMade has announced the new
Sim family of products
big time the sim the sim 2 drivers fairways rescues and three new sets of irons are here
the new sim 2 and sim 2 max drivers were reconstructed to make more forgiving while
giving you more pop these guys just look like rocket ships when they are in your hands.
Truly like having a cheat code.
The Sim 2 fairways and rescues are designed to help you take it low.
TaylorMade brought it to its iconic V-Steel design
so you will all say, I can't hit my 3-wood.
Very excited.
You know who you are.
Biz.
But what good are the new driver or fairway without a
great ball to go with it listen the ball's money the balls the balls all you gotta say biz is the
ball is the best ball in the game all right so you gotta check out this sim technology i when it says
cheat code i went and hit this driver this thing comes off like a rocket ship, and you can miss biz.
You don't have to hit the center of the club face.
You occasionally hit the toe.
I occasionally hit the heel.
It's still going.
I'm listening.
All right?
So listen.
And the tour response ball is for those people who have always wondered what those high-priced tour balls are.
And you're afraid to pull the trigger.
These are for you.
And you can even get them branded with the Chicklets logo at the Barstool store.
So you want to get your tailor-made drivers, fairway woods,
rescue clubs, and balls immediately.
The irons as well.
Do it now.
Now we're going to send it over to our good friend.
Could they teach you how to read?
Brady, who knows how to read? Brady.
Who knows how to read, I think.
Kachuk.
Well, it's great to welcome this young man back to the show.
A second-generation NHLer, he's already going into his third season
with the Ottawa Senators, and he was recently named one of the three
assistant captains as he tries to get the Sens back into the playoffs.
Thanks so much for coming on, Brady Kachuk.
How you doing, pal?
Doing great, thanks.
Thanks for having me.
Absolutely, our pleasure.
How's camp going so far?
It's been good.
Just chomped up a bit now 10 months.
Got out there, felt like I barely knew how to play hockey,
especially after quarantine.
So, you know what?
Just excited to get going and battle for Ontario right away.
And just, here we go.
Must be the longest
stretch without a game you've ever had hey yeah i i mean that i could think of back to the youth
hockey days i know those breaks were long but no that's this is crazy i mean i was at home
watching the bubble with matthew before the bubble with matthew after the bubble just
felt like it was never ending so So finally here, it's nuts.
And it's a little nerve-wracking because it's been so long.
But no, just super excited.
You and Matthew are probably like, oh, my God, get me away from this guy at some point.
The battles are going to begin early for you two this year.
Yeah, I mean, I will say I don't think anybody had as much fun as we did.
I know it was a lot of time together.
And, you know, we tried to make life as much as fun as we did. I know it was a lot of time together and, you know, we tried to make, you know,
life as much as fun as we could.
And, you know, I'm definitely excited to see him again.
And, you know, we're talking a lot.
But, no, there's going to be some good ones this year.
I mean, it's the year to do it.
Let's play each other nine times,
play everybody ten, nine times.
It's going to be nuts.
I think the talk going into the season
was the Northern Division.
Did you end up watching the first couple games here?
I know Toronto and Montreal played,
so you must be amped up for all this Canadian coverage.
Glued to the TV.
I think that's not only me, but I think everybody up here
is just going to be glued to this North Division.
I mean, the rivalries that are going to take place,
it's going to be awesome.
I mean, we're only doing this for one year,
but we might as well do this every year because it's going to be awesome it's just I mean we're only doing this for one year but we might as well do this you know every year because it's going to be so nuts this year
yeah I just read uh we're talking you know the morning after the day after NHL opening night
Sportsnet released it was their most watched ever opening night for NHL I think it's close to seven
million people and I think you're dead on about how exciting it's going to be now for you personally
you're still so young and like growing into your body do you feel actually a lot stronger a lot a lot different in some ways
going into this year as opposed to other years yeah well the 10 months is all I could really do
is you know work out you know skating and I just on the weekends have fun so and I definitely feel
way more confident myself definitely feel way stronger and yeah, definitely feel way stronger. And yeah, like I said, that's all we've been doing for 10 months is working out.
So it's time to get going, time to hit some guys,
and time to get some wins for the pesky Sens.
A lot of us got our first peek at one of your new teammates,
Tim Stutzel, during the World Juniors.
We understand he's going to be living with you this season.
Is that correct?
Yeah, we got him. We you know josh norris here too so um the three of us it's at it's in a it's
a madhouse right now it's you know playing xbox watching tv joking around all the time so great
guys i mean we're having a blast so far and um no it's uh you know watching tim at the world
juniors he's unbelievable player but off ice, he's an absolute beauty.
You come out of tape as Twig yet or what?
Oh, what did you guys call it?
The balls tape job or something like that?
We don't need the trouble.
That's too funny.
No, we were already on and we call him Jimmy already.
So that's kind of.
Let's go.
Let's get into this. Yeah this yeah yeah so we're trying
to figure out a way to kind of stick it to him you know day one because you know of course had
so much hype uh whenever he introduces himself you know hey like my name is Tim we just act like
we didn't mess up his name on purpose so um Jimmy's been stuck so the coaches have started
calling him James and and Jimmy and Jim so it's kind of
kind of going from there but
no it's been good so far he loves
it hey this is one of those things
where he's talking to his parents in German
they're like why is everyone calling you
Jimmy's like I really have no idea
we never really got to explain to me
I'm now Jimmy for this next 15
years I'm playing over here
it's amazing though I had a question because it's such an exciting off season You got to explain to me. I'm now Jimmy for this next 15 years I'm playing over here.
It's amazing.
I had a question because it's such an exciting offseason for Ottawa, really,
and how many guys have been brought in and the changes being made there.
Josh Norris, I'd say, was a key part of that deal with Eric Carlson coming over from San Jose.
He's a first-round pick.
For people who don't know, kind of explain his game.
He played two years at Michigan and really lit up the AHL his first year pro what are you expecting because he's centering the top line
with you on his wing right now yeah well you know I've known Josh for a while we played together
the U.S. program you know we're line mates there so he's been one of my best friends for a while
and you know for him he's as fast and as strong as I've ever seen, you know, somebody.
He flies up and down the ice.
Great shot.
And he's a very smart player, too.
So I think he, you know, deserves all the accolades he's gotten so far.
And, you know, I'm excited to get to play with him again after all these years.
And I think everybody should be really excited for, you know, not only him, but all the new guys.
And all these guys have been unbelievable guys.
And the team right from day one has gelled.
And I think it's going to be an exciting year for our team.
And a lot of people have us pegged where they have us pegged.
But I think we're going to surprise a lot of people this year
because of the way we play and even our own scrimmages against one another.
It's been physical, fast, and that's exactly how we're going to play. R.A.'s got you guys winning the way we play and, and even the, you know, our own scrimmages against one another, it's been physical fast.
And that's exactly how we're going to play.
RA's got you guys winning the cup.
You put a bet on it.
I did see that. I did see that.
And then he had to explain it to, to the,
to the world after cause he was getting ridiculed.
I was like, Brady's going to take this personal.
Yeah. I mean, like I said, we might,
we might be surprising a lot of people here so
you never know what's gonna happen yeah i think you guys are probably one of the busiest teams
in the offseason had a ton of turnover does it almost feel like a new team in some regards in
the room this year yeah i think some of us are kind of joking some of the guys have played you
know last year we might be introducing ourselves to everybody else because we feel like we're the
new guys so um
you know what it's i've been fortunate to play some awesome players awesome people the last
couple years and um from the new guys this year they've been awesome they've you know some of the
older guys have already taught us so much and and you know great leaders and just being able to learn
off each individual is it's been awesome and um i think everybody's just chomping at the bit to get going tomorrow.
I was going to say, what is the optimism within the team like?
Honestly, I've never been a part of a more confident group amongst ourselves.
We've had guys the last couple of years win Stanley Cups
and have that experience and being able to help us young guys
and get that winning mentality back.
And that's what we expect out of ourselves this year is, you know, win games, win those close games.
And I think our sights are on playoffs.
And I think there's no doubt amongst our team that we can get there.
And especially with, you know, like I said, with the experience, the older guys, the young guys chomping at the bit.
And just everybody's on the same page.
I think that's it's been awesome to be a part of.
And especially this year, you know, four playoff spots out of seven teams.
It's the way we play. I mean, I think we're very confident in our group.
It seems to be happening more often where you see such young players become leaders and assistant captains and captains in the league.
But for you, 21 years old, you're an assistant captain that was named recently, maybe last week.
How excited were you to get that news?
And who told you?
Was it the coach or the GM?
How did that all go down?
Yeah, it's, you know, they kind of, both the GM Pierre and DJ brought, you know,
Thomas Branson and I to, you know, the office just to let us know.
And I was just really honored.
I think a lot of the guys in that room deserve it.
And I don't think it's going to be three or four guys.
I think it's going to be the whole team leading in their own way,
whether it's a guy who's been in the league for 10-plus years
or a guy that's first year or second year.
We're all going to bring something different to the table.
We all want to hold each other accountable and just want to it's a group effort it's going to
be you know all everybody lean on one another so um that's what i think it's going to be so
exciting about our group is that um this is going to be probably the closest group that
i've been a part of so far and um now our expectations are so high already so um i think
that's what's going to make this year so exciting.
You got the A at 21.
Your dad had the C at the same age.
What kind of leadership advice does he give you?
And which Hades movies did he quote while he did it?
Yeah. Oh man.
This whole 10 months has just been a movie quote.
It's this or that.
No, for him, it's just,
he's always preached two things is compete and be a good teammate. And I think if you just do that, it him, it's just he's always preached two things is compete and be a good teammate.
And I think if you just do that, it's if you get everybody on board with that, that's just makes a successful team.
So, no, he's now 10 months. He's always given little things, whether it's no, it doesn't matter where we are.
It's he's kind of drops his wisdom once in a while. So, and just having Matthew there, I mean,
he's a leader on his team. And so to learn from him and, you know,
he's had those extra years of experience.
So I'm very fortunate to have people around me that can really help me in that
aspect. And I've definitely leaned on them heavily and,
and learned so much from them.
Grinnelli told me that you guys are big into the COD.
Is that the same thing as the gulag that Kevin Hayes and stuff was talking about?
I have no clue.
I have no clue either.
How many of these younger bucks on the team are playing this,
and are you guys just going at it all night against each other?
We're trying to get Jimmy involved with Warzone.
He hasn't had it downloaded yet.
Josh and I have been playing.
We played all quarantine. We played with rat rank.
He was living here during quarantine. So, um, no,
we've we've been playing a lot of that, but, um, no,
Jimmy and I have been playing NHL and just one-on-one against each other.
So, um, no different, different things,
different things we're doing to keep busy.
I know that, uh, Ontario's, you know, lockdown or I've, I've heard that.
So in terms of you three guys, I I'm guessing Ontario's locked down, or I've heard that.
So in terms of you three guys, I'm guessing nobody's cooking.
Do you have somebody coming over doing that, or how's that going?
What are you guys eating at night?
Can't go out for dinner, right?
Yeah, well, my girlfriend's been here for a bit, so she's been cooking.
Josh is actually a pretty good cook, but Jimmy and I just sit on the couch, watch TV, and just we expect it to be a good meal.
So the pressure's on Josh and my girlfriend.
So it's fine.
It's good.
You're like, Josh, you get me the puck tonight, and tomorrow morning, eggs, three of them, over easy, toast, well done.
He's going to be all the guy before he knows it. All the guy.
Getting the Wiener schnitzel going.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's too good.
Who would you most compare Jimmy's game to for guys who haven't seen him play yet?
Well, that's a great question.
I mean, the way he skates, his hands are unbelievable, his elusiveness.
I mean, I've got to go with Patrick Kane, and he's that skilled.
I mean, we do power play in practice, and I haven't seen a guy miss his pass yet.
He just absolutely whatever play he wants to make, he makes it and it's it looks just
so easy. And it's I mean, I'm so excited to watch him play tomorrow and I'll be a part
of his first NHL game because I think he's going to have plenty of games in this league.
More talks like Matthews. Are we calling it? Are we calling it pre-game or what? No pressure, Jimmy.
Yeah, no pressure at all, Jimmy.
But a big game.
Pre-game meal from Norris is good.
Yeah, on his 19th birthday too.
So it might be a good story there.
What was your reaction when you and Matthew,
when you guys realized you're going to be going head-to-head nine times in a season?
I mean, sometimes you guys don't see each other twice in a season.
Now nine times.
nine times in a season.
I mean, sometimes you guys don't see each other twice in a season, now nine times.
Yeah, we were talking about it as they were speculating it
over the offseason, and we were just kind of laughing,
like no way this could be true.
But once it came about, it was  I mean, just like you said,
you usually see each other twice a year,
and now seeing each other nine times in the next five months,
it's going to be nuts.
We're trying to get like the old weird joke around and play,
try to figure out what our stretching routine is.
So you can just shoot this shoot at the red line and warmup. So,
well, it's just, we joke around with some things like that, but no,
I mean, it's just going to be a blast.
I think it's going to be great for our family and friends watching. And I mean,
I know a lot of people in St louis will be watching and it's just
gonna be so much fun to play in that many times battle from that many times and it's gonna be uh
it's the whole division it's gonna be like i've been saying it's gonna be awesome it's gonna be
so much fun to be a part of dj smith he coached in oshawa won a memorial cup there i believe
obviously used to coaching young guys what's his message this group? I know he seems to be a bit of a player's coach.
Yeah, well, I mean, we just got to play, you know, all together,
especially this year.
It's 56 games.
Anything can happen.
And we just got to be tough to play against, you know.
Looking at our team, I don't think there's a tougher team than us.
It's the way we play.
We're going to be, you know, in your face, physical, fast, make plays,
make quick plays, and just be at the net all the time.
It's going to be a fun team to be a part of.
No, we're not going to back down from anybody.
There's especially a lot of skilled guys, a lot of high-end guys in our division.
The way we play, that's the best chance of success is just playing fast and physical.
It's nearly impossible to get consistent wins without goaltending.
And all of a sudden, you have a two-time Stanley Cup champ
coming over in Matt Murray.
And what have you seen kind of in camp and leading up?
Does he seem ready to go, looks sharp?
Or it's just got to be tough for him moving on from Pittsburgh, I would guess.
But he's probably really excited to have that full-blown starting job back.
Yeah, well, I don't think I've scored on him in practice
and training camp this whole time.
He's  like, you get a shot on him, and then the drill goes.
You're still battling with him.
Like, you're still trying to score the rebound.
There'll be, like, six chances, and then he won't be ready for the next shooter
because he just wants to make sure he saves every puck.
He looks  he looks unbelievable.
I've never  I mean, I mean been forced to play you know
great goalies and goalies have been you know around the league for a while it's but he's he
is unbelievable and um he's just it's so much fun he's just a great guy too he brings so much
experience and I think uh you know the two Stanley Cup you know his experience with that it's it's
it's already helped us out tremendously. You know, he's,
was able to ski with him before training camp. And, um,
I think he looks unbelievable. And of course didn't watch as closely,
uh, in the last couple of years with him, but no,
I'm just so lucky to have him on our team. And, um,
I think he looks unbelievable.
I just placed a futures bet like RA now you've been,
you've been pumping this whole squad up. I'm excited.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, the new one like RA now. You've been pumping this whole squad up. I'm excited. I might have to get a Senators jersey.
The new one's nice too.
I'll jump off the Leafs bandwagon.
Are those the OG ones? Did they go back?
Yeah, they went back to the OG ones.
They're nice.
They're nice.
Friday, Saturday nights against
Battle of Ontario.
Those are going to be good ones coming out in black.
Brady, when you look at the schedule,
do you already know there's going to be guys on other teams
that you're going to be absolutely sick of by St. Patrick's Day?
Yeah, well, watching that Montreal-Toronto game last night,
those are two teams that we hate and they hate us.
So I can see a lot of battles coming about those games
but playing teams nine times you can see battles that you know you never think would happen and um
i think that's that's that's what's going to be great is that you know east to west coast there's
going to be battles rivalries across the whole canada it's the goal is to be the best canadian
best canadian team this year so um a lot on the the line. It's going to be great.
It's going to be fun to watch.
The hockey fights, guys,
that Twitter account is going to have a good time this year.
It's going to be a lot of content probably for everybody.
We might have to get an over-under prop
on you for Fight Mages this season.
We'll see about that.
You're not planning it.
You just get so pissed off it ends up happening so
depends on how the year goes you get a short wick as as walsh you would say on a podcast you get a
short wick well hey brady thanks so much for coming on it's great to catch up with you third
nhl season just about to start uh it's kind of crazy i remember chatting with you right before
your rookie year so thank you so much and good luck this year it'll be fun team to watch and
jimmy jimmy's gonna be the rookie to keep an eye on. Oh yeah. Jimmy for Calder.
Jimmy and Josh for Calder. Already on it. Well guys, thanks for having me.
Huge thanks to our buddy, Brady Kachuk. Such a great kid, man. Easy to root for.
Comes from good stock. So Brady, keep doing what you're doing, kid. We love watching you.
All right, gang, we're almost a month into the new year,
and I'm sure plenty of people have already given up
on their new year's resolutions,
especially if they involve working out.
But just because you haven't touched those fitness DVDs
since January 3rd doesn't mean you have to wait
till next year to get off the couch again.
With a little help from our friends at CBDMD
and their amazing topical products,
you'll be crushing your goals again in no time.
CBD Freeze with menthol offers fast-acting temporary cooling relief for minor aches and
pains in a convenient and easy-to-use roller or shareable squeeze tube.
CBD Recover combines CBD with the blood flow-enhancing compound histamine dihydrochloride
to temporarily relieve minor aches and pains and give you
support you need where it matters most.
If you're struggling with your resolutions, get some of this stuff and get back on the
horse.
And to make it even easier to get your New Year's resolutions rolling again, they're
offering our listeners 25 off your next order when you use the promo code CHICKLETS at checkout.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Once again, that's CBDMD.com.
Promo code chicklets for 25 off your purchase of high quality CBD oil products from CBDMD.
Biz, I would have paid a million dollars to hear you say histamine dihydrochloride, but
probably the proudest I've ever been of you right there.
When you busted that out. Yeah. Even though i butchered a fucking second word before that i felt like my
kid hitting his first like ground ball or something you know a t-ball or some shit dude my parents
didn't even go to my little league games he must have not used the role when it came out
hey well you got a fucking playpoint subscription at 10 years old so i mean it all evened out in
the wash it definitely all evened out yeah i was using and you get a pocket pussy for confirmation i was stroking off to the
sears catalogs r.a's got the fucking sex swing in his room at fucking when he at 13 yeah i was
working at the movies and more when i was 16 i was basically the pawn purveyor of all my friends
and shut down 15th birthday it's like what's this is a punch card of the rub and tug down the street you got
20 movies out where have i got it i'm like uh can't can't find them so my friends would take
them and fucking never give them back yeah yeah you're you're like christmas vacation vhs like
taped over fucking baby bluetooth that's a canadian reference they used to basically put
soft core porn on television in
canada late night really a hundred percent everybody and then when when yolanda bisonette
caught her son cranking it for the 14th time the government decided to change it i'll describe the
perfect friday night when i was a kid when i couldn't like go out and i was like all i could
do was basically drink coca-cola when my parents were at a dinner party. This is like 14, 15?
No, younger. Probably around 12.
Maybe 11.
But it's when they would stay past 12 and Baby Blue 2 would come on
and I would just crank my meat in the living room.
It was the fucking greatest.
What is this?
I actually think Kiss is...
Alright, have you heard of this movie?
No, it's not a movie.
It's a Canadian thing.
It's a Canadian show where they would put softcore porn movies on hold.
Like the Silk Stockings type thing?
And I think that Kiss is the girl that Kiss married.
Oh, wow.
Gene Simmons' wife.
Gene Simmons' wife.
What's her fucking name?
Shannon Tweed?
Shannon Tweed?
Maybe.
I don't know.
She had the best...
I remember her.
She used to be in that stuff. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, softcore and porn. I used to crack my knees for her. Shannon Tweed maybe I don't know she's she had the best I remember her she used to be in that
stuff yeah definitely soft corn porn yep Shannon Tweed yeah she's fucking 63 I mean biz how do you
describe soft core porn like what like what's oh you ain't seeing a pussy no penny no penetration
thank you yeah that's that's the whole rule with no penetration tons of nudity dude you'll see
everything but you just don't see actual penetration. Yeah, you won't see their lips.
Yeah, exactly.
You don't see that either.
You ain't seeing lips.
You ain't seeing dicks.
You see, well, that's because back then it was all bush.
You couldn't see labia back then because it was covered with pubic hair.
Hey, 100.
That kind of got me going.
Hey, millennials killed crabs.
We can say that.
They killed crabs off in the last 20 years.
Why?
To make me throw up.
Thanks, all right. Was that through the podcast? You know how they blame millennials for killing everything off? in the last 20 years. Why? To make me throw up. Oh, you can't.
Thanks, R.A.
Was that how I threw the podcast? You know how they blame millennials
for killing everything off?
Like, millennials kill this, millennials kill that.
How'd the podcast go, honey?
It was great until I threw up.
Oh, my gosh.
So R.A. talked about his crabs.
No, I was talking about millennials killing off.
He had another thing,
but at least it was good in this case.
Can you get him in your butthole hairs?
I have no idea.
All right, moving right along.
The East Conference, East east division i'm sorry
there are no conferences this year philadelphia pittsburgh i mean doesn't get much better than
that for modern day rivalries 50 yeah fitzy pittsburgh and swept they lost 6-3 in the opener
then 5-2 a very chippy opener which we had in the roman swipes electric chair boys let's get into
that game you guys a little uh physicality i'll get into that division quick, Biz, if I could hop in.
Not to interrupt you.
I was going to go Mark Madden and say they got a goalie controversy.
Marino's overpaid.
Trade Sid and Gino.
No, I'm just kidding.
You know what, Mark Madden?
Gino hasn't had the best start.
Pittsburgh had to win the other day.
They ended up coming back and beating Washington in a shootout.
But I really,
really look at Washington and think,
how did I not pick them to make the playoffs?
What a gigantic fuck up by me.
They,
they look rested.
They look a little different.
They look ready to go.
And Backstrom,
if he's going to play like the way he started off,
like look out if that guy's going to light it up this year.
Verana's somebody I think every year in the league he's had more goals,
more points.
So like Verana, he's got two goals through three games.
I think I really screwed up.
Not going to change my decision.
I love the Penguins, but there are some issues there.
And goaltending is one thing.
I will give Philly credit, though.
I mean, everyone was all over my pick of Philly possibly winning the Stanley Cup.
I think I brought this up.
Philly looks pretty nasty to me.
Unreal.
I don't know what the hell.
What does everyone dislike about the Flyers as a team?
The only thing that sucks right now is Couturier, I believe, is getting like an MRI on his shoulder.
They can't lose him.
But down the middle, they look fucking so strong.
Konechny is sick.
That guy is just like a water bug of energy and a little ball of hate as well.
I've actually always compared him a little bit to Marshawn,
maybe not as skilled, but still a sick player.
So Pittsburgh went up against a really good Philly team
and kind of got crushed.
They were 3-3 going into the third the first night.
I don't remember the final.
What was the final score of the second game?
Five to two.
Five to two.
So Crosby's goal, I didn't think it got enough coverage.
I'm not going to say coverage.
I guess I saw it a lot on Twitter.
But him knocking the puck out of midair the first night
and then just blind batting it behind him.
It was like, what? That just happened?
So that was one of the goals, the goals, best goals of the first week of the season.
What else about that division?
Well, I mean, Hazy and Malkin were getting chippy with each other.
There was a lot of chippiness throughout that game.
Gritty ended up chucking his hat on the ice for the
connect. Gritty's a junkie.
I think we got to talk about Jakey Vorchuk.
We got to get him on the show, man.
He was an absolute fucking blast.
We sat down with him.
No, I said back. I thought I said back on the show.
We were in Philly otherwise.
I want to hear that take because I'm
pretty sure I said get him back on again.
He was with fucking Gritty that night.
That's why he couldn't remember that scumbag.
Anyways, he got asked a question from Philadelphia Inquirer reporter Mike Sielski.
I don't think that's how you say it.
And this guy's been shitting on Jake for years.
Just, you know, a lot of every city, especially in the Northeast,
has guys they get a hard on for certain guys.
And, Grinnelly, why don't you play the audio because it's a lot better than I'll do.
This is for Jake.
Two games in, Jake.
How different does the season feel, if at all, given the circumstances of the offseason
and the condensed schedule and everything?
Doesn't matter what I say, Mike.
You're going to write fucking shit every time.
It doesn't matter what you say.
Yeah, it feels different.
I mean, we got four points out of the first two games.
I wasn't even going to answer your question because you are such a weasel.
It's not even funny.
Next question.
I mean, that's awesome.
I fucking love it because what I like to
The Hockey Night in Canada folks, they talked about it.
They did a discussion about it, and they didn't circle the wagons.
Oh, you don't talk to media like that.
That's what Boston would do.
They always protect each other. They were like, you know the guy if a guy's being a
dick to you like BX has said you know you're gonna you might pop off to him if he's being unfair to
you and then he made a quote like and then the next day the guy's in front of you with his
microphone in his bad breath asking you questions again it was fucking hilarious but then this Sam
Akachidi who I also believe I think he works for the inquire as well said he tweeted that the league
has had a quote discussion with Voracek for his expletive-filled tirade.
That's when we're talking about media circle in the wagons.
Like, it wasn't an expletive-filled tirade.
He said fucking shit and told the guy he didn't want to answer his question.
So anyways, he got a discussion with the league per Bill Daly.
He wouldn't comment on whether a fine was assessed or not.
So I'm sure they'll probably give him a slap on the wrist.
But fuck it, he was sticking up for himself.
The guy's been a dick to him for years.
He told him to go fuck himself.
I got no issue with it.
Should happen more.
I thought it was even funnier.
The fact that he actually went on to answer the question.
Yeah.
Oh, I think I answered it.
No, didn't he answered?
And then he answered before or after the little after after he's like, why?
What are you stupid, you stupid?
And then he answered it.
You're such a fucking weasel.
Was it Konechny who was beside him?
And he was like, oh.
Instant gif.
He's also trying to hold it in.
He's trying not to laugh.
He had a mouthful of water, too.
I thought we were getting a spit take.
Yeah, he's like, ooh, spicy.
You come at Voracek what's this what's saying
you bet your best not miss twitter um zoom press conferences in your face he doesn't give a shit
so we were on the live stream during the game and i mentioned how big of a savage he was on twitter
so this ends up happening afterwards so he just he is just like putting fuel on the fire but guys i
think these are these are a tale as old as time.
And I think everybody enjoys a good riff
between a media member and a player.
We saw Reinhardt go through it last year.
I mean, Brooksy and Boyle.
Brooksy's been into it with like 10 people,
but I love him.
And I don't know exactly what this guy wrote about him
to get him spicy,
but that guy ended up going back after him on Twitter.
And then Voracek was like he's like oh he could have acknowledged it when i was in the room with
it and then voracek's like yeah i would have if you would have looked at me in the fucking eyes
so that it got even spicier afterwards so voracek does not fuck around uh also we got to talk about
the uh islanders r Rangers and opening night.
The Islanders put a beat down on the Rangers enough where Quinn made some, you know, lineup
lineup decisions for the next game in which Tony D'Angelo was scratched.
Surprising after the big, you know, he makes some big coin.
And I think that he's probably a little bit high risk.
I didn't see all of that game.
I didn't see any huge mistakes.
Maybe I missed other than getting walked by barzell yeah i mean if you're gonna bench a guy because of that
like one of the most skilled players in the league put it under your triangle and snipe bar down
i i don't that i mean i'm i'm guessing there had to be more to his play than just that to get
scratched well i just figured i'd point out the yeah no 100 but the islanders
fuck they they they rattle me when they win because the way they play that i got so many
is this boring is this boring tweets is they're just lighting them up in the first period three
goals um but the next game the rangers came back and shit kicked you right in the face
so islanders bruins right now it's been a pretty entertaining game, even though it's zero, zero. I know that doesn't make sense. This division is tough. Oh, I actually thought I felt
bad because Buffalo, right. They lost to their own too. They need to get their first win. Um,
they're going this evening. So I, I, I think that it's, this division is so, is so like,
even throughout with so many different clubs
that there's never going to be a team that's running away with it, right?
So the whole time I'm just kind of getting ready to see this slodge
of just changing one spot here or there.
Every point matters so much.
That's kind of what you've seen from the beginning.
We also got to talk about the Islanders losing their fucking goalie in warm-ups.
Cal Clutterbuck let one fly.
He catches Valum off like under the mask, above the shoulder,
probably in the neck.
It hurt him enough that he couldn't play.
And they brought in Sorokin, his first NHL game, thrown into the fire.
And yeah, he didn't look too prepared for it.
Obviously, they fucking lost the game.
But what's his face?
Barry Trotz wasn't too happy about it.
Obviously, he said we put Sorokin in a tough circumstance.
We did it to ourselves, injuring Valley in the warm-up.
To me, it's almost unacceptable.
It's like running your quarterback over in warm-ups.
Players have to recognize that your goalie is almost your most important player.
Guys aren't thinking.
It wasn't fair to Ilya.
It wasn't fair to Valley.
The way the guys warmed them up, it started in warm-up,
and it just sort of carried over throughout the game.
I mean, I never shot warm-ups.
I'm told not
to fucking aim for the head and keep them fucking soft oh yeah if you hit the goalie's head and warm
up you feel like the biggest clown when i saw it go down right away i was like oh there's no worse
feeling it was clutterbuck right yeah no worse feeling because yeah you're definitely at fault
but also by no the puck can get away from you a
little bit i mean it's like there's no chance he meant to do it right i would i wouldn't think
if you're a depth guy you do it you feel like an even bigger asshole holy you know you're not
getting it back yeah you're like oh no great i'm gonna throw five hits instead of three tonight to
try to do something and put two in the net and you got to make sure it's a win or you you're the goat
um biz i know you always bring up Josh Hosang's name.
He's going to play the rest of the season.
Is it pronounced Orebro in the Swedish league?
Orebro?
I think it is Orebro.
That was the team I played my first game against, minus two,
and then the next game was the game I retired.
But he was there.
Cool little arena, actually.
He's going to be playing there.
He's going to be on loan from the Islanders, so he's not going to be with them this year it looks like and i had a
question for you guys i'll go to you first with you know d'angelo obviously he has all the twitter
stuff going on and we don't need to get into that but do guys have a loudly arguable politics in the
room have you ever seen that like during your careers guys just you know not in any particular
issue no i mean i'm not i know when When was politics like a thing before like 2016?
Nobody, I mean, I don't know.
I guess people talked about it.
I never have.
I've never been on a team where anyone did.
Now it's so different.
Different world now.
Okay.
I was just curious.
I wasn't even paying attention to it when I was playing.
I mean, towards the end a little bit,
but I still don't know anything about it.
All right.
Moving right along the division.
The Bruins and Devils opened up
facing each other. Bruins won the open
at 3-2 in a shootout. Then they lost 2-1 in
OT. The guy we got to talk about, McKenzie
Blackwood. This guy's bonafide
legit number one on a
team that's not that good. Let's
see. He had a shootout, a shoutout, a shoutout,
a fucking
whole three.
You've been fumble fucking your words ever since you chirped me about my reading.
Shut out.
Yeah, no, he had a shoot, a shootout loss because so I write so.
But sometimes it's shootout.
Sometimes it's it's a shout out, shout out, shoot out and shut out.
I'm trying to say I am having a fucking rough go with those words.
Anyways, two games, a one point39 goals against 954 save percentage.
He was the reason, basically, Jersey was in both games.
And also Igor Sharangovich got his first NHL goal, the overtime game winner.
This kid's got fucking speed to burn.
I wasn't familiar with the kid before the two games.
Now I very much am.
And he gave that awesome interview after the game.
Gee, do you want to play that want to play that interview what was the moment like when they all swarmed you
on the ice in celebration for the first victory
what did they say to you like boys yeah I don't know he's they just happy and and hugging me. I just see nothing around me
and just all guys just happy.
We are all happy.
We are so happy for you.
Congratulations.
Thank you for doing this interview with us
and I'm sorry that we can't do it face-to-face,
but go enjoy this win
and congratulations once again.
Thank you so much.
Bye-bye.
That is true
that is genuine just
what's the word
purity
I love it
happiness
he was just so happy and giddy and obviously English
isn't his first language it was just
you want to grab him and give him a little hug when you're watching
it you know
give him the lady bang
make him give a five minute speech You want to grab him and give him a little hug when you're watching it, you know? Give him the lady bang.
Make him give a five-minute speech.
Did you catch any of the Devils-Browans games?
Either of you two pack of heads?
I was too busy watching the Yotes.
Ow, ow, ow!
Yotes came back.
Yeah, Yotes came back in a big way.
I saw a little bit of those games.
You know who's nice is this Ty Smith, this defenseman on Jersey. This kid
moves around sweetly. A first-round pick
a few years back, but I like him
a lot. He's kind of running their power play.
Subban, I think, played 30 minutes that
first game.
So you see if he can kind of bounce
back.
The Bruins,
they look pretty solid. I was kind of down on them with what happened there in
the offseason or kind of what didn't happen in terms of not bringing much in but they're going
to get posh knock back third zero zero right now uh against the islanders they're on the power play
with 18 30 to go in the third period now how about this stat for you? If the Bruins win this game, it'll be 10 consecutive
road games versus the Islanders, which has only happened seven times in history. No, it'd be 11.
Only seven times in history has a team won 11 in a row against an opponent on the road. So
they're looking to make some magic happen in the Coliseum. I'd love to see him beat these
scumbag Islanders. So sorry to get away from the devil's Bruins.
What else did I notice in that game?
The Bruins are going to need like, I know.
Is it, is it Kasha?
Yeah.
Andre Kasha.
Okay.
So he's injured, right?
Well, you look at, you, you look at like,
who's getting opportunities, right?
What's Bjork going to do this year?
I don't know.
Can he kind of pop off offensively?
I love the word pop off.
You know what you're getting from your depth, guys,
and you know what you're getting from most of the defensemen.
Now the questions are at the bottom of the defensive lineup
and then at the top two lines offensively, who's going to step up?
Who's Krejci going to have as a winger who's going to be able to get 20, 25 goals?
That's the question.
Because right now they're 0-0.
They're not scoring easily.
They're the only team in the league without a five-on-five goal so far.
Think about that, Biz.
I didn't like when they didn't sign Achari.
That's what I didn't like.
He was the one who went to Florida, right?
Yeah, I didn't like that move.
Yeah, I would agree with you, Whit.
There's a few younger guys.
Kasha came over from Anaheim.
I played against him a little bit in the minors.
He's a very skilled water bug out there making plays.
So, yeah, they got to have a few of these guys pop off at some point
if they want to make that next leap.
And that's my word.
So, thank you for using it.
All right.
A couple of notes.
Pittsburgh did bounce back after they took a couple of beatings from Philly.
They won the shootout over Washington on Sunday.
And Washington, they previously swept Buffalo.
First game was a 6-4 win.
Then the Caps held on for a 2-1 win in the second game.
I thought the Sabres played pretty hard.
I mean, they come out, they gave a good effort, you know,
but they're playing a tough team there.
Buffalo is one of two teams that doesn't have a point yet.
Chicago is the other one.
I'm excluding Dallas, who hasn't played
a game yet.
So, I don't know. Like I said,
Buffalo, dude, I think they'll get a W
at some point, man. They played good, but did you catch any
of them? Either you two? No.
Yeah, it's tough when
like I was saying, Biz, they should stagger the start
times now where there's no crowds. I know, I don't get
this. I think because it's just
probably tradition. Everyone has this same start
time, but nowadays... I know, but no fans,
man. You've got to start changing when
these games... There should be games all day,
every day. If there's never... If there isn't
a day without a game for 120 days,
let's just have the game
start at like 1 o'clock Eastern every
day. Yeah, I
agree with staggering them,
especially when a lot of the people
probably consuming them or at home because then you could just align it up to your team start
time and work around it because it's not like everyone's punching in nine to fives right now
so maybe at least for at least in canada so you gotta stagger the time if they haven't been doing
that then they then they gotta start doing it but like hey i'm the last guy to bitch about like a
little thing as far as scheduling at the fact that they got this thing up and running.
I'm grateful for.
Yeah.
Beggars can't be choosers,
I suppose.
So you guys got anything else from the East or you want to move
along to the West?
All right.
All right.
Going to the West.
And I think the top story there for us was a no brainer.
Minnesota,
a team we've picked on over the years for not having a lot of
personality.
Well,
Kirill Kaprizov, this guy, they've been waiting for him for years.
They drafted him like five or six years ago.
He finally come over from Russia.
Just an unreal first impression, a goal and two assists in his first game,
including an overtime game winner on a breakaway.
He also assisted on the overtime game winner in the second game.
This kid, I know it's two games and, you know, he's still young, but man,
he actually makes Minnesota wild.
You want to turn those games on now. And that's not something we've said since probably marrying gabrick yeah he's a
he's a game changer and you know he could have been playing this league probably two three years
ago um but to score 30 back-to-back years in the khl like you know there's there's a skill level
there that probably no other wild players really possess and i think being a first round pick and
having to wait this long,
like imagine how grateful this kid is.
Imagine how much fun he's having.
And he's not even experiencing what he should be
with how crazy the atmosphere would be in all these games.
But he looks awesome.
He looks like the people were saying he meant to do that
on the game winner, though, off his foot.
There's zero chance.
Yeah, no, he wasn't.
I mean, he got lucky, but still,
the way he's able to kind of control the play.
And also, he's faster than I thought.
I've watched these games, and I didn't know much about him, right?
I don't remember if I ever played against him.
I don't think I did in the KHL.
But fuck, is he good?
He's going to change them a little bit.
Enough where I do believe that this team is going to surprise some people.
I mean, Billy Guerin just being there is the type of guy who immediate changes.
You saw it last year with certain trades,
and I'm sure training camp felt different for the guys who had been there.
So shout out to the Wilds.
They deserve a good team.
Did you see that?
Hey, they should have had a loss.
You see the meme? Oh, the song. What a good team did you see that hey they should have had a loss you see the the
the meme the song what a play off the post i don't la la they had players on the ice with their hands
in the air and then it hits the post they go back the other way and uh ryan suitor who set a
milestone with that point all right yeah but suitor got his 500th career uh assist when he
assisted on dumbers tying goal at under a second left.
And that was an all-time song.
The Kings put their arms up.
And I'll tell you, man, if I had the Kings on the reverse puck line,
those are the ones that take fucking years off your lives.
I mean, it hits the post right on target.
And then, of course, they tie the game and, boom, goes the other way.
So either way, great start for Minnesota.
A couple of overtime throwers out on the coast,
and then they're heading down to Anaheim to play them.
Vegas is a wagon.
There you go.
I was just getting to that.
Anaheim had a tough start, got swept by Vegas.
Vegas spanked them five through the first game.
And then pretty much the same thing happened in that game, too.
Anaheim was up.
What was it?
They saw a goalie got pulled.
Vegas ties it and wins it with seven seconds in OT.
Mark Stone over to Pat, you ready?
Did you see that clip?
It was a great job by Bucciagras.
He heard the audio.
You can actually hear Stone yelling to Pat, you ready?
As he makes the pass, like, oh, boy.
And then, like, the woo-hoo.
It's on our Twitter feed.
No, where is that?
It's on our Twitter feed, man.
Bucci, yeah, go to Bucci's Twitter.
You can find it probably easier there.
But he picked up the audio of, like, them two buckling,
basically yelling back and forth.
But yeah, man, Vegas, they're an absolute wagon.
Going to be tough to beat. And I love that
they wore all the gold uniforms
the other night. Well, the gold jerseys.
And Marc-Andre Fleury had all gold pads on.
They had a picture with him on their Twitter feed
next to C-3PO. Who wore it better?
That was pretty funny.
Come on, dude.
It's from Star Wars.
Act like you don't know who C-3-3po is no i didn't even hear i
didn't even hear i didn't understand what you said fuck you too you fucking sensitive bitches i
didn't know what your fucking analogy was no i wasn't an allergy it was the team twitter feed
put out a picture of i'm just poking the bear and it was like the old who wore a better thing i
thought it was pretty fucking funny how i saw I saw the coaches have the jumpsuits in practice the exact same color as the jerseys.
They look like they're going to Studio 54 straight from practice.
Yeah, they do.
Whit, I'm going to ask you about this one.
So they've started out the season, I guess, with this 5D system.
Now, I like that way more than 7D.
Oh, yeah.
The defense would love hearing that.
Yes.
If they could snap it around evenly to five guys
and there's no liability there where one guy doesn't have to lug 35 minutes,
kind of like they're doing in San Jose right now
with Bernsie and Carlson playing legit 33 minutes each.
I think it's a nice way to start the season,
and you don't burn out the forwards who are doing so much more skating.
So, yeah, I mean, it's obviously working for them off the hop,
and as Gary Lawless, who I'm going to call after this
and kind of get the breakdown of why the whole 5D and 13 forwards thing is going,
he says Petro is a beast right now.
He said he looked unbelievable in camp.
I think he might be playing with a little
bit of a chip on his shoulder too. I don't think
he likes the way things are ending in St. Louis.
I'm looking forward
to the games where they play each other.
Can they
even play each other?
Yeah, they could play each other. They're in division, right?
Oh yeah, Vegas and St. Louis.
They're both in the West.
Yeah, Vegas is nasty. other. They're in division, right? Oh, yeah. Vegas and St. Louis. They're both in the West. Brain clicked out.
Yeah, Vegas is nasty.
St. Louis took it on the chin in that second game.
Talk about a pissed off Avalanche team, huh?
I don't mean to jump away from Vegas already because you guys pretty much said it all.
I mean, they're just a really good team.
They're deep.
They have it all. The 5D thing, I will quickly say, is a dream for defensemen.
Crazy to hear with how many games are going to be played in a short amount of times.
I'm sure that'll change throughout the season.
But, oh, my God, when defensemen are told you're going to address seven,
everyone's like, fuck.
Because the seventh guy ends up playing like four minutes or whatever it is.
And then that takes away a couple shifts from, say, the four, five, and six guys, which just kills the momentum enough to just,
oh, I'm already kind of waiting if there's a power play
and my shift isn't called and the top line's out there.
Now I'm waiting again because one of my shifts is going to the seventh guy.
Nobody likes it.
So five guys get to hear that they're going to run as a unit.
That's pretty much a dream for defensemen.
Sorry. No, I liked it. I liked the a dream for defensemen. Sorry.
No, I liked it.
I liked the insight from the defenseman.
All right, Biz.
Now we're going to talk about your boys, the old Arizona Coyotes.
They started off with a two-game set with the San Jose Shocks,
which they split.
How did they look to you, buddy?
I know Kessler got three tucks already.
Yotes looked great, boys.
They looked very good.
San Jose's first line came to play, Hurdle, Kane,
and this kid out of UM umass i don't know if
you guys had heard of this kid john leonard he looked great he had two apples set up the goal
that evander cane ended up scoring on the breakaway which put them up 3-1 coyote storm back phil
kessels off to a fucking hot start three tucks uh a couple in close to the net had a nice tip
in off an oliver eckman Larson point shot but things are clicking
Garland looks really good um this Pitlick kid who they got they ended up signing him to a two-year
deal with I don't know if you know anything about him either I know I was with him in Edmonton
briefly okay there you go he him Keller and Derek Broussard who came over two weeks before the season
started they have instant chemistry and they have been a ball of joy to watch.
And Oliver Ekman-Larsen, who I said is going to win the Norris this year,
three apples, three primary assists in the second game against San Jose
when they ended up spanking them.
Did he get hurt?
He did get hurt.
Him and Evander Kane collided.
Kane kind of got his stick up, and right now it's being reported,
I believe, as a lower body injury.
But Coyotes have one of the best one-two punches in the league
as far as goaltending.
And now they've got a one-two-three punch with Aiden Hill as their third guy.
So they're goaltending secure.
Team's playing great.
Talkin' has the boys bringing tons of energy.
And I think right now they're in second place in the whole conference.
Are they not?
You know our boy Bill Armstrong.
He's going to be all over that team, right, in terms of like,
hey, if I can make a trade to improve, if I can make a trade for the future,
you know teams might be calling, looking for a goalie.
He's got a premium there.
I'm excited for your boys, Biz, and I love that they're giving out
that headwear that you got going right now to the player of the game.
Did you see that clip?
The Coyote's Pelt.
One of the fans gave it to me.
I don't know if they'd pick up roadkill and just dish them out.
I don't know exactly where they got it from.
It's still alive, Biz.
Ow, ow, ow.
Squirrel.
Things look good.
If your team is bringing effort and they're making games interesting
and you're seeing young prospects who the team's paid continuing
to get better and better and better, as I mentioned, Clayton Keller,
he looked really, really good and determined in those first two games.
And that was coming off a  fuck, he threw a drop pass in the first game
in the first period.
They ended up going down.
Jarmelson had to take a penalty.
And I think he had a bit of a pee-pee whack after the first,
but stormed back in that game in the last two periods
and lit it up, going on Apple,
and had another good game on the second game against San Jose.
I think San Jose, and we can kind of shift over to them,
I think they're really going to struggle this year.
I think right now, like, they got Carlson and Burns playing 33 minutes a night.
Other than that Ferraro kid, they don't necessarily  I mean, Vlasic, excuse me, he's kind of like the next tier down. But ferraro kid they don't necessarily i mean vlasic excuse me
he's kind of like the next tier down but ferraro is the other guy so they're they're they're top
four i mean i don't know i don't know if the team could be successful with two guys on the back end
playing 30 minutes every single night unless they get in some type of crazy rhythm and as far as
firepower up front i mean i don't know i don't know if they're going
to be able to keep up guys yeah not to mention the goaltending situation um what's his face
mike jones doesn't look like my solid number one last year two years ago that was a good one
he actually looked pretty decent in that first game but i was surprised they didn't go back
game two with dubnick just to kind of get the guys the refs and see if they can catch a guy
in a wave but i would imagine that dude nick starts next game yeah I'm pretty sure he is and going
back to the D biz they spend 19 and a half million dollars on Burns and Carlson Burns's
contract is through 2025 and I believe Carlson's is through 2027 I mean if they're in the fucking
doldrums of the league you gotta imagine I mean hey listen i guess if you're paying them that much you might as well play them that much and it's just like
hey yo spit rhymes coyote biz no it's just it makes it makes a lot of sense when you say it
that way it's not gonna last you know what i mean you gotta think one of those guys and
grinelli just texted to give him credit that they're gonna put up one of these guys in the
expansion draft we also have that coming up.
And if you can have someone just take a fucking 10 million salary off your hands, they're probably going to do that.
And also, you know, the team, if Seattle opts to do that, if that happens, they're going to get themselves a nice defenseman.
And they're going to have to meet the salary cap floor anyway.
So I don't think they'll mind taking on a 9 or 10 million deal.
Okay.
Easy for me to say.
Grinnelli's been buzzing this pod.
He's going to take my spot.
The espresso, boys.
I'm back on the espresso.
Is that what they're calling it?
Yeah, we went to dinner.
Is that what they call cocaine in Manhattan now?
Grinnelli and I went to Nobu for dinner,
and he got an espresso martini.
I think you might have guessed like three of them, actually.
You were buzzing after.
I missed shoveling food in my face for you guys
because it's always a treat, all the crazy sushi
and shit you order. I definitely miss the meals.
All those hypocrites going like,
oh, espresso martini, what are you, girl?
Butt-chugging Pink Whitney right now.
It's fucking...
That's like when you drink wine and people look at you.
I'm like, dude, fucking Italians have been drinking this
for 6,000 years. Am I a pussy because I drink
fucking smush grapes? Who looks at you funny when you're drinking
wine? People over the years have, especially when I first started.
Maybe at the VFW in Charlestown, all right.
He's got the Virginia Slim cigarettes with his legs crossed.
That's why.
All right.
Colorado, St. Louis.
I know you mentioned a second ago the Blues beat them 4-1 in the opener.
Colorado was pretty lifeless.
Didn't get a lot of fucking action going.
But the second game, boy, they took a second to get going.
They spanked St. Louis, 8-0, five power play goals.
Chase Bennington, I mean, they were the Colorado avalanche.
Everybody who's been pumping their tires, that's what we got.
Just an unreal performance.
And, by the way, I jumped on the Blues tonight, Monday.
I don't know if you did, Biz.
Yeah, you always jump on a team after they get  Always, how bad they are i mean you get hung eight goals you go you get
pulled you're a stanley cup contender especially easiest bet in the world tonight the blues and
regulation only and sometimes you need that and going back to game one i felt like st louis kind
of put them in a headlock and and you knew they were going to come out guns of blazons it's like
the jordan meme They took it personal.
They took it personal.
That is kind of getting fucking played out like every other meme I would tell. Him flying through the neutral zone, though.
Him flying through the neutral zone was a joke.
And Makar, oh, that team is sick.
So you knew they'd be pissed off with their performance,
but to come back like that, it's like St. Louis is old boy.
I love that you're hopping on them.
All right.
It makes a lot of sense.
Yeah,
absolutely.
Anytime,
anytime,
especially a number one goal,
he gets pulled.
That's one rule,
but eight,
nothing.
I mean,
they were embarrassed.
They got absolutely embarrassed.
They're playing San Jose tonight.
Minus one 15 regulation.
Only no brainer.
I loaded up my first,
like,
um,
at least one large unit.
I'll leave it at that. People should know my large unit is. Well, I was going my first, like, at least one large unit.
I'll leave it at that.
People should know what my large unit is.
Well, I was going to say, how much would you pay to hear the audio from the coach's room from Chief after that spanking?
You think he even flipped out?
He might even give him a silent treatment.
No, he's just like, hey, boys, you know, it's one of those,
let's be ready next game.
Forget it and move on.
Biz, I'm guessing you felt at home when P.A. Edward Belmar gave his press conference,
and he also thought that the games were being played on Lake Tahoe,
and he found out at the presser they weren't, and he was crestfallen.
So that must have made you feel good that you weren't the only guy who thought they were.
You mean with?
Playing above Fredo Corleone.
Biz, Biz, Biz, we've been over this.
You said it first.
Play the audio, G.
Mikey, does he want to do that been over this. You said it first. Play the audio, G. Mikey, does he want to do that?
I mean, Biz said it first.
Thank you, Biz.
Wake the fuck up.
We're on planet Earth here.
It was you.
It's always like Whit pointing the finger.
Pete's up the middle pointing the finger.
I'm not going to say that I didn't also think that.
I tweeted it out, actually, and said, Pierre, don't worry.
It happens to the best of us.
I'm more saying for you to say, wit after you said it first that's more biz blaming someone else
suck on that one sounds like i sucked you in like the stripper
this is song seven this girl loves me you're looking at ring sizes
i'll do it i'mining over your fucking next
bonus check.
On my fucking seven fuzzy navel.
Miss Cleo.
Telling fucking Frenchie I love her.
In that game, Nathan McKinnon,
a goal to assist. He's
outstanding once again. We're going to get to him in about
two minutes, but first, most guys
have tried different ways to last longer, but
thinking about puck lines and over-unders doesn't always work. Well, the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex. Roman Swipes are
a clinically proven way to last longer in bed. They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting,
and the best part, they don't require a prescription. Roman can ship Swipes to you
in discreet, unmarked packaging.
And each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
You get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com.
And now, Nathan McKinnon.
Well, it's only been a year and a half since we last had this guy on,
though it feels much longer.
Since we last had him on, he's won a Lady Bing.
He was named a year-end all-star.
Sorry.
It's an award.
Lady Bing.
I forgot I won that.
Finished second in the hot trophy voting,
and he had a fantastic season that made him must-watch TV
during the playoff bubble.
It's a pleasure to welcome back to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast,
the Nate dog, Nathan McKinnon.
How we doing, brother?
Good.
Thank you, man.
I'm doing good.
Just getting ready for the season here.
I'm bummed out.
Thanks for joining us here, but I'm bummed out we're not going to have
you guys in Boston this year.
It's becoming an annual tradition, me going over the garden
to see the Avalanche, so I'm going to be bummed out you guys aren't
coming through. I know, man. I wish
we could have came up to Boston
as well to do the
second round of the sandbag.
Oh, you want a rematch?
I might as well just get going with that.
I'd love a rematch.
We've been trucking people this summer.
I saw that.
I was surprised they gave you the Lady Bing
after how you reacted to me on that front nine.
I thought that was pretty rude of you.
You're the one who started all this.
I know.
I came up with the name, technically.
What do you want, rights now?
I saw it got like a million views.
I wouldn't mind a little piece of that.
Yeah, he's like most underpaid player in the league.
I need something from you, mutts.
It'd be fun to come up to Boston this summer and do the second match here.
Okay, five and one.
Let's chalk it down already.
Well, we got more between then, Biz.
We're not going to glance right over, though.
The last time you did see R.A., I believe,
was you were in the garden and walking by some some workers who yelled
out hey ra and didn't notice you that's true this guy's a legend man i can't i can't go anywhere
there everyone's all over him what a guy that was funny man we're just all right it was nice stopped
uh stopped after he said what's up um after we played the bruins and yeah we're just walking out
and um
not that i'd expect anyone to know me but this guy might as well be justin bieber these people
are going nuts for ra he's a he's a legend he's like oh thanks for coming down all right he's like
actually can you give me a couple slices of pizza that's why i was coming down i know usually you
guys don't finish it there's usually i don't want to get thrown in the garbage here i thought it was
said a lot of times i gotta like take the picture you know people like hold the jacket hold the jacket yeah like i thought i was gonna have to
take a picture with these people with ra so i'm glad that didn't happen at least so didn't ever
get that shame i heard there was a time that you were taking a picture of some for somebody of them
and said and they were even like hey nate make noises at the baby make the baby laugh you're
taking the picture and also one like the, ooh, look over here.
That probably happened, yeah.
That probably happened.
What did you and Sid do all fall in Halifax with the crazy schedule?
One-on-one drills.
Yeah, just begging me the whole time.
No, yeah, we were skating, then we got locked down.
We went into like a red zone back home,
so we couldn't skate for a bit but
we got a few in before we left for our cities but yeah it was crazy man it was uh tough to get into
a routine um i think that's for everybody though it's just the rinks got shut down with everything
else so i don't know really why but kind of the way it worked out but feel good now for sure
going back to the last time you played the bubble
experience we've talked to a bunch of different guys and how kind of crazy that was but for you
it was tough for your team too i mean you were amazing personally but so many injuries and you
look back at that dallas series it was like six or seven guys are out it must must have been
frustrating to see the success they went on to have to even get to the final. Yeah, man, it was.
Both of our goalies got hurt.
Landy, Calvi, Don Scoy.
A lot of guys went down.
Yeah, we got down 3-1.
You know, honestly, I feel like that came down to our special teams.
Our power play wasn't great, and our PK wasn't amazing either and five on five i thought
we played really well against dallas but you know they're they're a tough team to play against they
uh they came at us hard they're a big heavy team um but uh yeah i would love to see us with a full
full lineup and uh you know there's there's uh injuries with every team in the playoffs but
you think in the bubble it'd be no travel, lots of rest and recovery.
There wouldn't be like that, but it's just unfortunate for sure.
That's a joke.
That's a tough one, man.
What are you going to do when both goalies go down?
Nate, you mentioned the power play struggled a bit against Dallas.
Do you think maybe you used up too many of those power play goals
in the series before that?
Maybe when you had to run up the score.
We gave all of our looks against Arizona.
We gave it away.
Back to back.
We should have done that, man.
8-1 thumpings.
That was, I mean, that was kind of like the start of how you guys started rolling.
I think you finished your in-house gym, though.
And you talked last time about Sid kept dragging you over to his place.
Does Sid come over to your place now to train now that you got it all dialed in?
No, no, still hasn't come over to train yet at my gym.
I didn't go over to his gym, though, this year.
So I got that.
I'm putting my foot down here.
I'm going to stand up for myself against the kid.
Yeah, no, he hasn't trained at my gym this offseason.
Spent 500 on a gym never
goes in at one time but what he did do on my property he uh the psychopath he would i have
like a boat launch it's like 70 yards like very steep um and he would run like he'd come over and
do like he would sprint up the boat launch like 12 times and run back down it it was crazy
i tried it i almost died this guy's a savage so that's what he would do he wouldn't use the gym
but he would use the property so we'll take it close enough to the gym he's getting there
he's getting closer talking about the injuries is it worse to have a year end like that like
in a flurry of injuries or to go to like OT of a game seven and lose?
Both.
I mean, it was hard.
It was hard.
You know, even when Gruby got hurt, Frankie came in.
He was really banged up too.
I don't know.
He just could never get healthy.
He was hit a really bad hip.
He was lights out all season.
You know, he came in hurt and he couldn't play after game five or six.
And Hutchie actually played really well.
You know, we won.
Actually, Frankie got hurt when we were down 3-1.
He couldn't play.
Then Hutchie won game five and six. And, man, it stings.
We even got the lead with like two minutes left
to one and a half minutes left against Dallas.
And we couldn't hold on.
They won no T.
We're up 1-0, 2-1, 3-2, 4-3.
We just couldn't put them away.
They're a resilient team, well coached by Rick.
And it's just unfortunate.
How long of an adjustment was it playing without fans?
Did you adapt right away?
Did other guys struggle with that?
It wasn't too bad, honestly.
Obviously, it's a lot more fun.
The only time you notice is when you score.
It's just dead silent.
That's really the only time when you're in it,
a lot of adrenaline's going.
I'm glad we get to travel this year and go to other rinks,
not just in a bubble.
That would have been tough again.
But hopefully the vaccine gets rolling out
and we get fans by playoffs, that'd be great.
So you get the full season with Kael McCarr, and it's like,
to do what he did in the playoffs when he left UMass Amherst
was one thing, but to come back and just dominate the way he did,
you kind of called it to us earlier, but no surprise throughout watching him play the season.
Yeah, a kid special, man.
You know, even in the playoffs, he was our best player a lot of nights.
He would dominate us, you know, being a D man, which was crazy.
You know, he'd be all over the ice.
You know, this guy must hit 30 posts this year.
I think he's going to score 30.
Maybe not this year, but in a short
Good save.
Good save.
No pressure, kid.
I hope he scores 30 this year.
Get a couple second apples for sure.
No, but in an 82-game season, he'll definitely score 30 multiple times,
I think.
He's got a great shot.
He's like a fourth forward out there sometimes
with his speed.
We're lucky to have him, for sure.
We were talking, both the World Juniors
and USA ended up pulling it out.
It was a hell of a gold medal game, but
you guys have these absolute
studs playing in that tournament that are going to be there soon.
It was crazy.
To see this team,
you've been there for a while now, really be set up to go on an absolute run here. It's got to be there soon. It was crazy. And to see this team and, like, you've been there for a while now,
really be set up to go on an absolute run here.
It's got to feel so good.
Yeah, it feels great, man.
A lot of tough years.
You know, there's only three of us left, me, EJ, and Gabe,
left from the first team.
You know, we've been through some tough, some dog days for sure
with this organization, you know, with've been through some tough, some, some dog days for sure with this organization, you know,
with everybody starting from the top of the tournament around.
And it's cool that we're still, they haven't traded all of us yet.
So we're still here and we got some horses, like you said, like, you know,
Bo and Byram, you know, I thought he was the best player.
I guess that Z-Grow was really good as well,
but I thought Bo was dominant in that, in that tournament.
New hook, Barron.
So we're loaded, man, but, you know, got to execute.
Doesn't mean anything, you know, with got to get the job done
and, you know, hopefully we can get it before we get all those prospects
and keep going on runs, you know, after.
Probably a big reason why the Tyson-Berry trade happens,
just having all these D in the pipeline.
Everybody was well aware how close you guys were.
What's it like not only losing probably your best friend,
but a guy who was teeing you up on the power play,
a guy that you're playing quite a bit on the ice with?
Yeah, even off the ice, man, we'd hang out every day.
We'd sit beside each other on the plane,
pick him up for every home game.
Yeah,
it's tough.
I think he's in a great situation
now. I think he's
comfortable in Edmonton. He's obviously
playing with a couple decent players there.
Yeah, I think Tyson
will dominate this season and get
some of that respect back.
Obviously, it was a tough
start in Toronto,
but I thought he played really well when Keefe came in.
And, you know, hopefully he can build on that with Edmonton here.
Whit just mentioned the juniors.
I want to bring up Bowen Byram.
I know he's not officially on the team yet.
Everyone thinks he's going to stick.
I know he practiced with you guys in the bubble.
He never got into a game.
What should we expect from this kid, Nate, if he does stick with the team?
I hear he's like a real life of the potty type. Yeah, he is, man. He was quiet with us in the bubble. You never get into a game. What should we expect from this kid, Nate, if he does stick with the team? I hear he's like a real life of the potty type.
Yeah, he is, man.
He was quiet with us in the bubble.
He was an ace, but, you know,
I saw that one World Junior video with him last year, I think.
He was calling everyone like kitty cat
and everyone just says he won't stop talking.
So that's fun, man.
I like guys like that.
You know, it's fun to bring a little life to the party. You know, I'm sure he won't be like that's fun, man. I like guys like that. You know, it's fun to bring a little life, life to the party.
You know, I'm sure he won't be like that right away, but you know,
if he's playing this year, maybe halfway through the year,
he'll start to loosen up. Yeah.
We'll have to get him going.
Hey, we can't be coming in hot like that. Can't be doing that.
Who would ever do that? Who would ever do that?
On our team, probably the one team that you could, we're pretty loose.
Yeah. You don't do it to Mark Reckie, John LeClair, Lyle Odeline,
Mario Mew, though.
I learned that one.
First game of the year, Sackix walking by.
He's in a fucking Speedo reading out the game card of who's starting.
Burnaby Joe, holy fuck.
Looking great in person.
You're like, who is this kid?
I don't think I've heard this story.
What did you do?
I played the
first nine games of the year in the minors and i was like you know i've been there for like a year
and a half or whatever so i knew all the guys i was really loud then i came up to pittsburgh
and i was in the locker i'm like let's go wreck them all come on od like everyone's like what
if he wouldn't have had two seconds that night he would have been on fucking waivers
i think orbig's like dude shut up yeah that's a bunch of group man but i was with him also in
camp but still it's no excuse i mean yeah but but byron sounds like my type of guy what do you make
a barrel gate did you see barrel gate going around they brought out the barrel with the
canada logo on it i fired up nate it pissed me
off for like one second that i'm like i don't know like what am i gonna get mad you're like i have a
heart to worry about i don't get worried about this barrel game so what what was it like today
so i never heard of a barrel thing i never heard of like it was the best cover up by a head coach in league history. No, it was like a Canadian reporter.
One barrel down.
Sorry.
So, no, but like, what is it?
One barrel at a time?
Like, what does that even mean?
The team sent an internal memo back in December. And I guess there was some story.
I don't know if it was a legend or whatever.
People crossing the Sahara.
And I guess when the French, you know,
had colonized that particular part of the Sahara,
there was all these weigh stations along that basically closed up.
So they would put a barrel every five kilometers
so you know where the horizon ended.
And they said if you were crossing the desert,
all you had to do was see the next barrel to know where you had to go.
So each team was a barrel for the United States.
So obviously Canada happened to be the last team.
So we didn't see the barrels before because they hadn't won a gold medal.
So they brought it out in the ice.
So it could have just as easily been Russia on the bat.
Plus, well, the memo
that Ryan Richard
Ryan Richard, the reporter,
he's the one
who posted the story.
It was from December 19th.
It wasn't like, you know, I doubt they had
this conspiracy to call Canada
trash if they won.
So even if it was, you should just take it because you can do whatever you want.
Yeah, it's true.
It was tough, man.
It's tough.
Andre Tarini was my, or not my first coach, but my first two years, he was our D coach here.
And I was rooting for him too.
He's an unbelievable coach. So tough, tough loss for the boys, but definitely didn't deserve it.
You played in 2013?
Technically, I played.
Oh, then you got hurt.
He had one apple.
No, no, no.
I didn't get hurt.
You didn't get hurt?
What happened?
I didn't play.
I didn't play.
Really?
At the water bottle.
Pigeon toss.
Oh, my gosh.
Pigeon toss.
How mad were you?
Yeah, I played.
I was 13 forward.
I could just never, like, I don't know.
I get it.
Well, actually, what happened?
They just didn't trust me.
I know that.
Like, you know, like the Super Series game?
Yes.
Like, man, I was so bad the first game.
I turned the puck over.
Like, Russians went and scored.
Like, I was trying to, like, toe drag got the blue line and just doing dumb stuff and i had
a good game the second game but i just think i just uh i don't know they just got turned off
and then i took a personal and then went on with mj um now steve spot he's a i really like spotty
he's awesome to me he he was up front with me you know there, there's no hard feelings or anything. I just definitely wish I played.
I remember I played like two shifts in the bronze medal game.
It's just tough, man.
Yeah.
Taking meat laps.
Oh, yeah.
No, he's  what are you, dairy and gluten-free?
Yeah, mostly.
Yeah, mostly.
Definitely some cheese.
Are you still on  I remember last time we talked, you know, he's been on the sweet potato train.
Apparently, you've been farting all over the locker room because of it.
Oh, just to go back quick, you know, I said he was taking meat laps, like doing the laps.
Yeah, I just try to coordinate the meat and make it.
I thought you thought we were all of a sudden somewhat paid to try to. Nate, we're somewhat paid to try to be funny around here,
and that's like my full attempt right there.
So a fake laugh would be nice once in a while.
Appreciated.
Got you next time, bro.
All right.
Nate, I want to ask you about the upcoming schedule.
You guys are playing seven division rivals eight times each.
Are you looking forward to it?
I wouldn't say dreading it, but are you indifferent to it?
I know you've got to play the schedule they give you,
but that's pretty intense, Eight times each, seven teams.
Yeah, it's crazy.
Some
you play a team four times in a row
as well, like two at home, two on the road, or vice
versa.
Yeah.
Is that how it used to be with Biz?
No.
In the jungle, dude,
you'd just bang out a bunch in a row and you'd
play a team like 10 times but i don't remember i don't remember ever back-to-backs with one team's
one thing but now when you got the four and five nights or four and six nights i think i saw that's
crazy but but your first couple years or didn't you didn't the west not really play the east no yeah i was yeah we there i started
and it wasn't like you played every team yeah twice a year twice a year home and home yeah so
i mean one division eight i think we have like seven how many teams we have seven in our division
or something yeah yeah eight teams in our division so you'll be playing seven other teams eight times
it's gonna be uh yeah by that third or fourth game,
hopefully it goes well.
You know, you're getting swept in a series or whatever,
but I think it's just, you know, up to your own team
to bring that focus and, you know,
no matter who you're playing, I guess,
to bring that focus and passion or whatever to every game.
Obviously, no fans still.
It's going to be another obstacle, but it should be okay.
I was actually just going to ask you that.
Has Denver come out and said that you guys won't be a place
allowing any fans?
Yeah, not at this time.
Okay.
Is it just Texas and Florida?
No, Phoenix, Arizona is doing 3,500, so it's a normal game.
Okay.
Damn.
What the fuck are you laughing at?
You're going to get redemption, baby, for that playoff performance,
back-to-back unsportsmanlike games when you guys ran up the score.
Man, we didn't mean to, bro.
I wish we didn't.
I feel like that was bad.
Yeah. It would be cool if they went uh reverse retro jerseys against each other this year i think
those are the two best in the league that would be cool that would be cool i think uh i don't know
when we're gonna wear them but i know but we're playing in lake tahoe i guess so yeah that's what
i was gonna ask yeah hopefully we wear those then that'd be cool I guess. Yeah, that's what I was going to ask. Hopefully we wear those then. That'd be cool.
They're really cool.
Yeah, that's among the four games straight.
You're going to be playing Vegas four straight in February
and including the game at Lake Tahoe.
Do you guys have any details on the rink or any of that stuff yet?
Or you just kind of cross that bridge when you get to it?
I think actually they're just going to build it outdoors.
That's what I'm hearing.
Oh, Biz thought you were skating on the pond.
like outdoors that's what i'm hearing oh biz thought you were skating on the pond it's not even good no no i i accidentally said that last pod and then wit ran with it i was just
oh no then i said it then i said it too and then biz tried chirping me for thinking that it might
happen it was a classic it was a classic moment of two dum-dums talking basically is what it is
what it came down i was gonna ask you a hockey question here.
So I never get an answer where I say,
who's the guy in the league you hate the most?
Who's the guy where you know when you're going to be playing against him,
you're like, fuck, I'm in for a long night,
and every bit of offense I try to create is I'm going to have this guy
barking down my neck.
Yeah, I think an underrated guy would be
Philippe Danel in Montreal.
I think he should  I don't know if he gets
Selkie recognition or not, but he should, man.
He's so hard to play against.
He's such a good centerman, man.
He's all over me every time we play Montreal,
home or away.
I find it's definitely really hard to get space
against him. um yeah hopefully he
wins a selkie one day i think he deserves i think he's good against everybody not just me so that's
a trade uh blackhawks fans they they really regret not having him anymore that was a tough one um
with your team though what's what's the vibe like with bedner i mean when you're on a really good
team it's hard not to get along with the coach,
especially being the player you are.
But what's his attitude like?
Is he joking around with guys?
Is he super serious?
How's that all been?
Yeah, Bedsy's awesome, man.
He's a mix.
You could chirp Bedsy.
He's got long hair now, so we're all giving it to him about his hair.
He loves it, though.
He chirps back.
Like, he's a funny guy, man.
But he's also serious, too.
Like, when it's time to get, you know, down to business, video,
if we're, you know, fucking off in practice, whatever,
he'll give it to us.
But even when we came last, he was still, like,
a good guy to have around, you know.
He wasn't miserable every day.
He always brings a good vibe to the rink, which is cool.
I know every coach isn't like that, but Bedsy's great, man.
Really great hockey mind as well.
You know, just an easygoing Sasky boy.
You know, he's a simple dude, likes to hunt, and, you know, he's great.
Nate, you guys got even deeper in the offseason.
You added defenseman Devin Taves, forward Brandon Saad.
You did lose Nikita Zdorov.
But, I mean, you guys are even probably, what,
more confident going into this year or what?
Adding a couple pieces like that, they could put you over the top.
Yeah, no, definitely.
You know, we feel great.
Camp has been awesome so far.
Everyone has the same goals to win.
This season, I thought last year we had a chance.
This year, obviously, it's a big one, man.
You know, you don't get a ton of opportunities.
You know, my first few years, like I was saying earlier,
it was tough, you know, just scraping and clawing
to make the playoffs.
And now, you know, the goal is to actually win.
So it's a really cool position we're in.
And with the guys we added with Saad and Taze, you know,
there's no excuse.
We can stay healthy and put our best foot forward
and try to get this done.
Does a player of your stature ever get the text from the GM
before a move is made?
Like, does he ever give you the heads up that something's coming?
No, I don't get that.
Nothing?
There's no uh you see that
james harden stuff is that why you're referred are you like no team oh okay oh no no but but
that did come out recently how he would just go on like benders fly in like the day of the game
go to atl yeah what did he do with the the trades and stuff he would like sign off on like every trade and like
like who they hire as a coach he'd have to sign off on that like it's crazy man these guys are
like it's a different world yeah these guys bring so much value you know like if lebron's on your
team your team is worth like double you know i don't know it's just in hockey like and obviously we're good
players but you know we're not really pissing you're pissing a job compared to yeah exactly so
not that like i would you're like i can't get a fucking text here from joe they're making 45 a
year some of them aren't they yeah yeah yeah man 50 a year. Yeah, buddy.
That's your whole contract.
You're the best player in the league, you peasant.
Yeah, man.
Team friendly, baby.
Love it.
Team friendly, baby.
It is true.
Fuck, man. Look at the Bruins.
Look how you guys are doing it.
Yeah.
Obviously, you don't want to be the the best contract in the league that's
definitely something you don't want but it's obviously cool to you know all these great
players on our team wouldn't be possible if you know one of us was making 13 or 14 or something so
um last time we had you on i don't think we talked about the time you were on jerry d so
your acting ability and then i think after we had you on you were in an animation series with
trailer park boys yeah man yeah yeah i started. Yeah. He started with, with Jerry.
I was just playing for the moose heads and he's a big hockey fan. So,
you know, he asked me to bring one of the boys from the moose to come back.
And I think the episode was like, you know,
you need to take school more seriously. Cause I was in his class.
He's like, you'll never go anywhere in hockey.
Like I never would anywhere in hockey. Like, I never went anywhere in hockey.
You never will either.
So you were playing yourself in it?
I was playing myself, yeah.
Okay, cool.
In both, in both.
And the second one, I got kidnapped by Bubbles and Ricky
to beat the Moncton Mudslides in a whole tour game.
Those guys are awesome, man.
Those guys are so funny.
Who's your favorite character on Trailer Park Boys?
Probably Julian.
I think Julian would be my favorite.
He always has a rum and coke in his hand.
His black tee on.
He's so funny.
All those guys.
They're all from like Cool Harbor, Nova Scotia area.
So, yeah, whenever they have stand-ups in Denver, I'll go watch. And they had me on the show. It was pretty cool. so funny all those guys they're all from like cool harbor nova scotia area so um yeah whenever
they have stand-ups in denver i'll go watch and they had me on the show it was pretty cool
that's awesome you know biz just mentioned uh hoops a second ago it's funny i had an
analogy written down watching the playoffs this year reminded me of the old three-point contest
with larry bird he shoots the last shot and right when he lets it go he puts the number one up
because that's how confident he is the shot's going on that. That's what you reminded me of, just like peak confidence.
Every shot's going to go in.
Is that where you are right now in your career,
and do you still feel the same confidence you had in the bubble?
Yeah, I felt great, man.
I think the less travel was awesome for me.
I got to rest up after every game.
You play a ton of minutes.
A couple more back-to-backs, though, with being there,
but not just myself, with being there.
But, you know, not just myself, the whole team.
Like I said, Cale was dominant, Miko, Landy.
All these guys had amazing performances.
And, yeah, hopefully we can carry that this season.
I know we mentioned the retro jersey, too.
I know you were pulling after Colbeck actually left. But what's your take on the new retro reverse jersey or reverse retro?
I think it's awesome. that's what everybody's buying i get you know people tag me and all their you know christmas i think a ton of ton of kids and even adults bought these jerseys so
they're a hit man and uh you know hopefully we can wear them more than you know our hope
the regular one this year they're so cool and um you know i i thought they were going
to be like baby blue but at first i i didn't like love it to be honest i i thought but the nordiques
i was like just envisioning baby blue with like joe sackick and peter stastny and all those guys
but they look great and uh pumped to wear them i i think that they are they are the best but
i mean you got to think that if are the best, but, I mean,
you got to think that if they're going to come out with all those jerseys,
there's going to be some tough ones.
And when I saw Detroit's, we were laughing at them when we did the show.
It's like a practice jersey.
So you got to think that you're lucky.
I haven't even seen it.
Oh, my God, it's amazing.
But you guys got the one that you actually want to wear every night.
It's true.
Yeah, you know, we're lucky, man.
I mean, some of those
jerseys can be tough i've seen some thirds that actually look like practice jerseys i think the
blues and like oh wait had practice jerseys full-time though i don't remember those ones um
i want to piggyback kind of off ra's question so you know you're playing the way you have been is
there one thing in particular when you had this whole break that you wanted to like add to your
game like what's the one thing where you're like had this whole break that you wanted to add to your game?
What's the one thing where you're like, I need to get better at this?
Probably face-offs.
Not great at them for whatever reason.
I got better in the playoffs.
I put a little more time into them.
But definitely something I'd like to get better at and hopefully be around 50 this season.
So that's what I'm looking for.
One guy.
Oh, sorry.
What?
No, you go ahead.
I was going to hop in.
I got a piggyback question off of that.
Is Sid helping you with those?
No, we didn't do any face-offs this off season.
That'd be crazy.
Sorry, I wasn't a centerman.
Sorry about the stupid question.
They do an auction to auction off who's going to come
and drop the pucks, Biz.
Get local refs.
It's a big deal in Coal Harbor.
Yeah.
I was going to mention one guy who wasn't on the team
last time we talked to you, Nazem Kadri.
What element did he bring to the avalanche
that maybe you guys were lacking before he got there?
Have you guys had Nas on before?
We have.
No.
Oh, man, you guys got to get Nas on.
He's the man.
He's a funny guy, like hilarious, and he's got some swag to him too.
Oh, yeah.
In a great way.
He brings such a fun element to our team.
He's not arrogant at all, but you'd think he won like five hearts and five heart rosters in a great way
though. Like he's just so confident. Like, Oh man,
he's such a great guy to have around the room.
Like no matter what the circumstances, Nas is the same every day.
You know, it brings a great mood to the, to the team.
And hopefully you guys can help it up with him sometime.
He'd be great to have.
You talk about the mood, and I just read a tweet
before we came on.
They're having, I guess it's unsettling times
as far as who gets the aux cord in the locker room
in Toronto.
Who gets it with Colorado, and where are they bumping mostly?
Zdorov had it actually last year.
He played good tunes.
He'd get these mixes mixes and it was good.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It was Colin Wilson and Z.
They're both gone now, so we got to figure it out.
I don't know.
Are you  if you could pick a top genre, are you a rap guy?
Yeah, I'm a rap guy for sure.
Who are your top five guys right now?
Lil Baby. I? Lil Baby.
I like Lil Baby.
He's tight.
He's tight.
You ever see that guy on Instagram?
He is so gangster.
It's unbelievable.
It's crazy.
I like Drake, obviously.
Who's the guy who died that's pretty legit?
Is it Juice WRLD?
Yeah, Juice WRLD.
I really like Juice WRLD, too.
He died, too. But he's dead. Yeah, he has some bangersD. I really like Juice WRLD, too. He died, too.
But he's dead.
Yeah, he has some bangers.
Yeah, he's got some bangers, too.
I like everything, man.
You know who was nice, who also, I believe, got shot,
was that Pop Smoke.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
He's bringing that tone, yeah, that mood.
He was fire.
Pre-game songs were fire, man, for sure.
Speaking of rap, did Lil Sid and Nate Dogg collab on a new album in the offseason?
Lil Kross?
Lil Kross, yeah.
I'm looking for Lil Kross' debut album, man.
Album's called Working on Draws.
Just fucking figuring it all out together.
My boat launch, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
All the profits from those shirts are going towards all the therapy I needed after those 8-1 spankings you gave us in playoffs. Oh, yeah. All the profits from those shirts are going towards all the therapy I needed
after those eight-to-one spankings you gave us in playoffs.
Oh, man.
Were you in the bubble calling the games or no?
No, no, no, no.
Right.
Yeah.
No, no.
Not that committed to the OTA.
Somebody  I would have brought fucking COVID in there for sure.
The bubble would have been bursted if he was there.
Oh, yeah.
He would have been sneaking out.
I know, Nate, there's a lot of talk about the abs in the cup
and it's a couple of busts this year.
You like the pressure.
Some guys wilt underneath it.
How do you compartmentalize that pressure
so you're not constantly thinking must-win cup over and over?
How do you do that?
What's your mental approach there?
I think day by day, man.
Obviously, we're not even close to that yet.
We haven't won a game this season.
So every day in camp, every day in the regular season,
we just need to build.
And I think obviously the record matters,
but we just want to get better throughout the season.
You look at Tampa two years ago, I think they lost like 10 games, 15 games,
and got swept and they came back and won the cup.
And I think they realized the record, whatever,
doesn't really matter in the regular season, especially in hockey.
There's so much parity that we just need to get better every day.
It's going to be a grind.
Our division is a lot of big defensive teams,
a lot of really good teams.
So it's going to be, first of all, get into the playoffs
and hopefully we're rolling when we get there uh i gotta i get a little off hockey topic and that's uh the golf
game and we talk second sam you guys do want to rematch what was the game this summer were you
playing a lot was the course closed during the the shutdown what's the deal And how's Sid's game? My golf game's in shambles with.
No, dude.
Oh, no.
You were money then.
And you were just on that path up.
Swing thoughts, man.
I got to, you know, before I hit the ball,
I got like seven different thoughts in my head.
Because I get a lot of lessons.
Double that and you got me, buddy.
I know.
Like Biz doing an interview. I know. I feel like there's a point where you just buddy I know he's doing an interview I know I
feel like there's a point where you just get too many lessons and I don't know I gotta figure it
out you're on you're on Instagram looking at every swing tip there is on YouTube and you got the toys
the little ball yeah with the string yeah in my in my house looking in the mirror at my
takeaway oh man so I I got to keep it simple.
But come July or August when the season's over,
the boys will have to go to Boston and make you guys pay for dinner this time.
Game on.
That was a nice dinner.
You taught me the oyster trick, man.
I use it all the time.
It's so simple.
When you're done with your oyster, put it face down,
and then you know there's nothing left in there.
Exactly.
I'm digging through their fingers. There you go. Did you train with M it face down, and then you know there's nothing left in there. Exactly. Digging through with your fingers.
There you go.
Did you train with Marshy at all?
Did he trip you up at all?
No.
I think Marshy stayed in Boston this offseason.
I think he had surgery.
Oh, that's  yeah, sports.
He was rehabbing there and stuff.
So missed him.
Missed that guy around the rink.
He's always a treat.
So hopefully next summer he's back.
You mentioned Colin Wilson earlier. I reached out to him. you know that guy around the rink he's always a treat so hopefully next summer he's back um you
mentioned colin wilson earlier i reached out to him he obviously went through some difficult times
towards the end of his career had he ever came to you about that stuff while you were playing with
him yeah he was really open about um the stuff he was going through um obviously uh definitely
learned some things in that article um played with willie for three years and um
yeah it's it was i think it was great the way he came out and spoke i think a lot of players
a lot of athletes a lot of people go through those similar things um and it takes courage man to come
out and put a little out there but willie's a an open guy about it uh he's not ashamed at all and um you know he uh
he was great i think you know i think he just announced his entire retirement officially
you know he man this guy went through a lot of injuries a lot of surgeries um tough on the
mental you know it's harder than people think to always be you know on the shelf battling with
something so great for Willie, man.
And hopefully he's got an unreal retirement.
He made some good monies.
He's chilling for sure.
So he had a great career.
He was a BU guy, so I never got the chance to play with him.
But first time I ever met this kid, Biz,
I was training with a buddy of mine who was just playing in Europe.
And it might've been Friday.
It was like an afternoon.
We were just going over there to maybe like stretch or ride the bike.
He was an incoming freshman at BU Wilson.
And I look at him,
he's got 50 pounds hanging from the weight belt and he's literally dummying
full arm pull-ups.
Like he's an animal,
man,
20 of them.
And he was 18.
I was like,
who is this kid?
Sure enough,
he ends up being a high pick, has a great career.
So I know he went through a ton, but an awesome guy.
And that's good to hear that even talking to you,
he's open with all that stuff.
Yeah, he is.
And even about his training, he said he used to just, you know,
he wishes he didn't do some of that, I think.
Oh, he was clean in 320, and he was 15 years, 16 years old.
Hey, I'm going to be honest. I probably went way too hard when I was first starting out too, do some of that i think oh he was cleaning 320 and he was 15 years 16 years old hey i'm gonna
be honest i i probably went way too hard when i was first starting out too squatting like four
plates just like really stupid shit that ended up tightening me up long term and and like what
are you laughing at you think i'm humble bragging about squatting four plates right now quadzilla
over here laughing your face about you're like legit you're emotional i lived it too much i'm sorry
you owe this i already gave it to him on the fucking golf course i know how do you like that
one nate dog i forget that used to kill guys on the ace i gotta be more careful around you i might
make a fucking comeback i just gotta get a yoga instructor a hands coach oh you're gonna do the
tour de france do you think biz can do Tour de France if he trained
legit from today for six more months?
Are you biking?
Are you biking right now, Biz? No, I haven't
hopped on yet. I actually did a stationary
a couple months ago, though. I did 20 minutes.
I was buzzing. Same thing. He Googled Peloton.
That's about it. I think you've got to get on
the juice if you're going to do the Peloton.
Well, they all are anyway. Fuck, might as well join the show.
Some HGH going. Should be good oh man nate uh g tells us you're a video game guy do you play
randos or all nhl guys how's that work um yeah i got uh i got both i got both i got like a
gaming community going i play a lot of fortnite i just love it i don't know why i just love to
compete come home from the rink and just compete on Fortnite.
I'm not great, but I've got these little gamer kids that are really good.
I just play with them mostly.
They know who you are.
You've got the Twitch streams going, though, too, Nate.
You've got the Twitch streams going.
Yeah, I streamed a little bit, man.
I really enjoyed streaming, blasting some of my favorite tunes.
Honestly, I don't love usually talking with like the media
and stuff but you know it's cool to have your own platform streaming get to interact with fans
directly that's why i like podcasts too there's no like opinion you know you guys aren't
just you guys just ripped me after i don't know but um oh we're definitely gonna chuck a few sound
bites up there yeah oh yeah but you know you just kind of control the, you know,
the vibe and how you want to say things.
There's no really opinion about it.
I thought that was cool with streaming, too.
Just hang out, talk to fans, and, you know, I liked it.
It was fun.
When people are playing against you, do they always know what you are?
Do you sometimes go anonymous?
No, my  what's my epic name or whatever it's young nate
like a you know it's like my rap name young nate so vaughn all right little nate little nate and
fortnight that's unreal hey maybe if you're looking to uh make a few extra bucks we could
sign you the song daddy's grinnelli you'll you have to play underneath grinnell because he's got his own character in the ea game i don't know if you bucks, we could sign you to the Sonic Daddies. Grinnelli, you'll  you'll have to play underneath Grinnell
because he's got his own character in the EA game.
I don't know if you know that.
We'll take you.
Is it NHL?
NHL 21.
I got to get on that, man.
I'm awful.
Wierenski pumped me 20-nothing, dude, so it's all good.
I'm pretty bad too.
I feel like you'd be awesome at that, man.
You have to be better than that now.
That was like right when you started playing.
Oh, I'm much better now.
I'd pump Nate.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
He's being humble.
He's being humble.
Like Biz talking about his four plates.
Yeah, let's go.
We can go back to that.
Screwed you for your career, man.
Oh, Biz, I remember you were a machine.
I messed you up.
Yeah, and then I just think it messed me up, guys.
I was getting too swole.
Your hands got swollen? Hey, I kind it messed me up, guys. I was just, I was getting too swole. Your hands got swollen.
Hey, we kind of, I kind of interrupted you, Shocker,
when you were talking about the acting thing a little bit.
Is that something you could see yourself maybe doing a little bit more of
post-career?
I don't think anyone will want me post-career, man.
I thought you were pretty good naturally.
Did you watch the Trailer Park Boys one when uh the first one like not the
cartoon no i didn't even know you were on trailer park boys though that was the cartoon one and then
i did another one before that it was actually i was like 220 i was thick i was a thick boy then
um yeah it was uh bubbles started like a hockey camp. And there was like weed growing everywhere around the kids.
It was pretty funny, man.
I was like, don't do drugs.
What's that?
2011?
No, it's season 11, correct?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Season 11, episode 7.
Check it out.
Was that or the animated one about the Stanley Bong?
The Stanley Bong was the animated one. That was the animated one, yeah Stanley bong? The Stanley bong was animated one.
So I got kidnapped for help.
The slides.
So funny.
Oh my goodness.
Oh,
this is too good.
No.
When you were on Mr.
D I thought you had some chops too.
You were pretty convincing because sometimes you have athletes on and
they're obviously athletes doing an acting thing,
but,
but you were pretty good in that.
Okay, thanks, man.
Yeah, I'm on IMDB.
I got my own page going, so I can apply for my ACTRA.
So we'll see.
See if I need a little cash after hockey.
Are you going to want an acting credit for the next sandbagger?
Just so I know.
So I have to register.
No, he wants a check, Biz.
Oh, okay.
I couldn't believe how well that video did, man.
That was cool.
That's posh.
Oh, you were surprised Sidney Crosby and Nathan McKinnon golfing got a lot of views?
I don't know.
But I think it turned out better than you guys even thought.
I'm sure.
Half those views were Grinnelli from staring at Sid's quads.
Things are unbelievable.
We went to the course. We thought we might get a couple holes remember biz all of a sudden we got let's tell the story so um we you guys
finally agree to come on and get interviewed so our fucking cocks are rock hard right so i'm like
uh i'm thinking with pasha and the guys i'm like, let's get him for a round of golf too. And I kept texting Sid that.
You could tell he was not down for this.
He was not feeling it.
But you guys agreed to go golfing.
So I said, perfect.
I said, Pasha, show up around the third hole.
And we did an intro on hole three with the CCM stick.
Yeah.
I think we were just saying.
That was the third hole we did that?
Oh, yeah.
We ambushed him.
He couldn't say, no, he sits too nice.
So I'm like, perfect.
Show up, hole three.
So we do the intro.
And I'll be honest, I didn't realize how short the course was because we moved up because it was wet.
And I probably shouldn't be given as many strokes.
I was on fire in that front nine.
And it did look bad.
And fuck, thank God you showed some emotion and snapped
and called me a sandbagger because that's kind of how it all started.
It took me a while to snap.
Usually it's quicker than that.
Whole nine, you were like plus two through nine,
playing at a 23 handicap.
It was just unbelievable.
It was actually one of the biggest sandbag experiences.
I was like, hit a bad one. I was like, hit a bad one.
I was like, hit a bad one, dude.
They're going to fucking snap.
And then you shot like a 68 on top of it.
That entire day.
You played really good.
You played great.
I played good on the back, and Bizz was sick on the front.
And then the fact that we just  the fact that we ended it with like a birdie on 18,
you bought us dinner after you gave us the interview is just perfect.
Oh man.
I was telling a 73 that day.
I was looking at the wine list of the restaurant on hole 11.
Oh my God.
I've been grinding for that,
for that game.
The whole thing.
I remember I hit a bunker.
I hit a bunker shot.
I hit a bunker shot.
You jarred it, right?
No, I hit it left.
Oh, you scalded it.
No, I hit it left.
No, I hit a sick shot, and you go, you're dead there.
That's jail.
I'm like, oh, shit, and I get up there, and it kind of was.
And this shot spun and stopped, and it was a tap-in, and I remember I looked over, and you're like, fuck this.
Fuck this. Just screaming.
Two competitive bastards getting beat by
two clowns. That was classic.
Yeah, it was just... That was real
emotion, man. No acting there.
So we're just going to have to tell Sid it's a round of golf
in Boston. There's going to be 17 cameras
there when he shows up.
Yeah, it's going to be a full
studio of cameras pulling up
i think sid was so into the match though that he didn't even like really notice like the camera
you know what i mean just the compete you know he started being competitive and you know it was
great and i'm glad we filmed that because it's not just for youtube but it's cool to cool to look
back at for sure well dude it's uh thanks for doing it but it's cool to cool to look back at for sure well dude
it's uh thanks for doing it yeah it's great to catch up with you again man this is this is
it's been it seems like it was five years ago we saw you guys but what a great season you had
and i think this year with your team um sky's the limit so look looking forward to watching
you guys play and we appreciate you coming on yeah thanks boys for having me really appreciate
it our pleasure nate thanks so much good luck this year keep killing it
huge thanks to our boy the nate dog for joining us once again always a pleasure to have him on
great guy easy to root for as well gang we know that insurance can be complicated and that's why
the zebra was created when you use the zebra., insurance finally feels like it's in black and white.
No more confusion, just honest rates from real companies.
The Zebra is the nation's leading insurance comparison site for car and home insurance.
They can help you save money today.
It's so easy.
Go to thezebra.com.
You answer a few questions to compare accurate insurance quotes for free. And don't worry, the Zebra protects your personal information
and makes sure there are no hidden fees or surprises along the way.
And the best part, you can secure your insurance from thezebra.com
or over the phone from one of their licensed insurance agents.
How much money can you save on your car or home insurance?
Visit thezebra.com slash chicklets.
That's T-H-E-Z-E-B-R-A dot com slash chicklets. That's T-H-E-Z-E-B-R-A dot com slash chicklets,
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S for insurance in black and white.
By all means, check that out.
Anytime you can get your insurance lower, it's always a good thing.
All right, got some notes here I'm going to run through.
If you guys want to chime in, do so.
Oliver Ekman Larson, he's day-to-day with a lower body injury.
He's going to miss at least two games.
He took a hit from Evander Kane in one of the games versus the Sharks.
Didn't return.
Patrick Laine was out Monday with the upper body injury per Paul Maurice.
We mentioned already Andre Kasha is on the injured reserve.
Sean Couturier is going to miss a couple weeks.
And Pittsburgh defenseman Mike Matheson also has an upper body injury.
Was also placed on the IR.
Alexander Ovechkin's got a 707th goal on Sunday.
He now sits just one goal behind Mike Goddard for seventh on the all-time
goal list. We already have a suspension this season.
St. Louis' Sammy Blade was given two games for a hit on Devin Taves.
I thought we were going to get another one. Nick Dowd, he hit Eric Stahl,
a very similar hit. I thought for sure he was going to get at least a game.
Didn't get nothing, nothing at all, which I was surprised. Biz, did you think he was going to get at least a game. Didn't get nothing. Nothing at all, which I was surprised.
Biz, did you think he was going to get a game for that?
I haven't seen the hit, all right.
Although a former teammate of mine,
we both have a Calder Cup ring with the Manchester Monarchs.
How the hell are you?
Thanks for bringing it up.
Yeah, either way, it looks very similar to the previous one.
But Mike Hoffman missed the opener due to work.
Visa issues.
Biz, you just mentioned the coyotes
using the post game pelt well i like what the capitals are doing if you didn't see that clip
peter laviolette come in he he said he watched every show on tv for the last nine to ten months
and cobra kai was his favorite so oh my god they're doing those cobra that was his favorite
fucking show yeah i mean he should dm me if he wants to i haven't i don't mind shit on cobra
kai but you should be fired laviolette should be fired for saying that that fucking show is Yeah, I mean, he should DM me if he wants. I don't mind shit on Cobra Kai, but Rob Bennett is shit.
Lavillette should be fired for saying that that fucking show
is his favorite show on television.
I'm not  you're laughing?
I ain't fucking laughing.
Yeah, but he remembers the Karate Kid days, dude.
It's like
Nostalgia.
I heard  someone  who the hell said it to me?
It might have been Ross Yandel. It might have been Ross Yandel.
It might have been Rossy Ross.
Officer Ross might have said he loves it.
I haven't.
I put it on one night.
I just wasn't in the mood for it.
So I haven't seen it fully.
So I can't really comment.
I just know there are better shows to watch on fucking.
Chris Terry.
Fucking Chris Terry.
But either way, they have one foot by offense and one for defense.
Because, you know, Miyagi and Daniel.
It was pretty funny, though. It's Troy Terry. I played against Chris Terry. Either way, they have one for offense and one for defense because, you know, Miyagi and Danielson.
It was pretty funny, though.
It's Troy Terry.
I played against Chris Terry.
Oh, there is a Chris Terry?
I thought so.
It's fucking brutal. No offense, Laviolette, to the people who, like, did it.
Fuck.
I don't.
Laviolette's going to be coming at you with what you watch, Biz.
He's going to be like, oh, yeah?
You're going to dog Cobra Kai?
You're watching medium fucking documentaries on Netflix getting scammed.
Who's talking about shows, Biz?
I got sucked.
Well, listen, it was a topic.
It's not so much like just like, fuck you, Whit.
How about that?
No, I'm saying what he could come back to you with.
I'm not saying I disagree with you.
I'm saying what he could hit you back with.
You've got to always think about what that return punch is going to be.
At least I learned something.
That regeneration is fake.
Ha!
Ha!
This is going to get catfished by a fucking Twitter account,
at Odomay Brown, after this fucking episode drops.
I don't even get the joke, but I'm going to laugh.
You never saw Ghost?
You ever see Ghost with Patrick Swayze?
Demi Moore?
I know it's an older one, but you must have seen Ghost.
I've probably seen it.
I don't remember.
I just know the scene where they're making the clay.
One of the most erotic scenes ever.
Yeah, they're like getting after it.
Could I feed off to that?
Oh, yeah, but there's nothing going on besides making a vase.
Yeah, it's honestly, it's one of the business.
It's one of the most erotic films, scenes in film that has no nudity or really any semblance of nudity.
It's just the way they film it.
They got the righteous brothers fucking in the back.
She's like twerking on the clay machine.
I mean, Unchained Melody is one of the most romantic songs of all time, especially when fucking Bobby Hatfield and Joe Medley sing it.
I haven't seen that movie.
I know you guys have been.
Sometimes I've seen it come on.
I just never.
I wouldn't ship you if you're not having seen this.
It's older.
It's like you were watching Baby Blue 2, whatever it was.
Whoopi won the Oscar, too, for her performance as the huckster fucking medium,
Otome Brown.
All right, moving right along.
Signings, retirements, captains.
Dylan Larkin was named captain of the Red Wings, as we all expected.
The 24-year-old becomes the 37th captain in team history,
the first Michigan native to wear it.
Luke Glendening and Franz Nielsen will get the A's.
Mark Stone was named the first captain in Vegas Golden Knights history.
Alex Petrangelo and Riley Smith will get the A's.
I love watching that fucking guy play, by the way. Who? first captain in Vegas Golden Knights history. Alex Petrangelo and Riley Smith will get the A's.
I love watching that fucking guy play, by the way.
Who?
Sorry, if you hear him yelling, the little late Bruins.
I think they got the goalie pulled.
Sorry, he got it on the background.
I can't even watch it and read it at the same time.
Marcus Foligno signed a three-year, 9.3 million extension with Minnesota.
That kicks in after this season.
Travis Hamannik officially signed his one-year, 1.25 million deal at Vancouver after his PTO stint.
We already mentioned Chicago signing Jeremy Collin,
who had a two-year extension.
That runs through the 23 season.
A couple of retirement notes. Jay Bomeista retired after 17 NHL seasons in the Stanley Cup in 2019.
1,240 regular season games, 75 more in the playoffs.
Only time he ever played in the NHL was during the lockout.
Just a great teammate, beloved guy. What a fucking G, man.
What a G.
And he just dips like, no, I'm good.
I'm going to file my papers.
No press conference.
I'm just going to dip.
He's just a wicked low-key guy.
He's a fucking 20 out of 10.
That's what he is.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know Gomez was saying how he's low-key funny i want
all you blues fans out there that guy was all you all you blues fans who started ragging on him when
he came off hip surgery the one year you were complaining about him at the beginning of the
season i want you to take your fists and sock yourself right in the face for it didn't he get
scratched i think he might even been a scratch and the fan base was all over on him and he was a vital
piece to winning that Stanley Cup. Yeah, he was.
He's a fucking G and he's a professional
and he probably showed up every day trying to figure that
hip thing out and he was buzzing.
So you got to make a fist and you got to
punch yourself in the face. A pro's
pro, no doubt. Adam McQuaid,
who was a big part of the 2011
Boston Bruins Stanley Cup run, G,
he officially called it quits.
He last played back in 2019.
I mean, I think it was known he wasn't going to play again,
but he actually made it official over the weekend,
580 regular season and playoff games.
And it's funny because he was a stay-at-home defensive defenseman type,
and he's actually, the highlight of his career was probably,
other than beating the fuck out of a bunch of guys,
was that pinch in game seven versus Montreal wit.
It ends up leading to the series of clinching goal by um nathan horton so he's a big part of
that fucking run no doubt i got the chance to meet adam mccoy when i you know you'd skate with
the bruins when they'd come back um before the local nhl guys went off to their respective cities
i'll tell you right away like maybe the the most, one of the nicest people,
the most friendly down to earth.
I'm going to say Eastern Canadians, you know,
what's it called biz when they're over there, where, where he's from,
what do they call that area?
Oh, like East coast.
Yeah. East coast people.
You know how they're just an extra level of just like people.
They call them new fees over there.
I don't think he's a new, I don't think he's from Newfoundland
though. Either way. He's a
PEI guy. Yeah, PEI.
So I met him right away
and like the most unassuming
guy, soft-spoken, handsome
fella, big dude.
And then you see this guy play and now
I never saw what I'm about
to mention like in the preseason
skates.
Everyone's just skating in shape, snapping around.
Nobody's snapping for the most part.
He gets into a game and is willing to stand there toe-to-toe and did it for a long time, eating and chucking bombs,
beating the absolute piss out of people.
So undercover tough.
That guy was Darth Quader.
What a nickname for him.
He would stand in there like nobody that was
the the team that won it all was like thornton him chow or the list the list went on a bunch
of bullies oh and the way he went about just solid defensively got way better with the puck
as his career went on right like he came into the league like maybe maybe not the best at like
snapping a tape tape by the end he wasn't just killing people he was getting it out of his
own real nice getting shots through just like the perfect five six guy that was tough as nails and a
huge part of the Bruins success in Stanley Cup and basically like years of just being in the hunt
was Adam McQuaid so it sucks to see how it all went down. So many scary different injuries.
But having to get to meet him and occasionally run into him once in a while,
I think he's going to stay local.
Yeah, what the article said, he lives in Boston.
And as a guy who covered him a little bit here in Boston, you're right.
He was soft-spoken.
His nature off the ice was like the total opposite of his nature on the ice,
like a lot of guys.
But either way, congrats, Quader, on official retirement.
And thanks for the memories, man.
You did a great job. Yeah, he's the guy
who you're like, you accidentally get in a fight with, and you
don't know anything about him, and next thing you know, you're picking your
fucking teeth off the ice, and you're just like,
your nose is halfway around your head.
He was for like a part
where he was probably one of the most undercover
heavyweights in the league, where he would stand
there toe-to-toe, and he
was a throwback, throwback
fighter. Not many guys would stand in
there like that in in today's age yeah i think when he played in his day one of the most feared
fighters in the league if he wasn't the toughest he was among probably the three or four toughest
while he played i'd say uh keeping a little bruins theme here willie or re his number 22 will be
retired by the bruins i guess better late than never uh players around the league also had a
decal on their helmets all weekend.
It's where we're recording here on Mount Luther King Day.
Willie, of course, went into the Hockey Hall of Fame back in 2018,
but it's nice for the Bruins, like I said, to do this.
I know people are like, oh, it's late, it's this, it's that.
I mean, Jackie Robinson's number's been retired throughout baseball
for I think 23, 24 years now.
And Willie did the same thing and went through the same type of shit.
So yeah, we could sit here and say it probably should have been done before,
but it's being done. And I suppose we can be happy with that.
And congrats to Willie. He's a, he's a great guy.
We hear tremendous things about him and it's good that he's going to get his
22 in the rafters. Hopefully there's some media in the building that well
deserved. Absolutely.
And also if you want to feel really old as if I don't already fucking work on you guys,
Mark Messier is 60 years old.
We were going to discuss some memories of him playing.
I don't know how many you guys saw,
but my favorite thing of him is him drinking a beer in the locker room
with a face cloth over his junk and Gary Coleman on his lap.
Gary Coleman's just sitting there.
You ever see that classic picture?
Oh, yeah.
He's dying laughing, isn't he? Oh, he's got a huge shit and he didn't grin on his lap. Gary Coleman just sitting there. You ever see that classic picture? Oh, yeah. He's dying laughing, isn't he?
Oh, he's got a huge shit.
He didn't grin on his face.
Gary Coleman.
And he's like legit.
His towel looks like a face cloth.
Like guys just had junk flying all over the place back in the day.
But obviously, I'm joking.
I mean, five Stanley Cups.
He won one more than Gretzky.
Personally, the guarantee versus New Jersey game.
Game six was, I think, goes out, gets a hat trick, forces a game seven.
And also, he took down Madonna back when she was throwing
some Nolan Ryan heat back.
Wow.
I forgot about that.
I think Messi has been a full-blown A-list celebrity.
Reinduct him into that.
That's a good one, Biz.
I just, like, I think he maybe gets forgotten a little bit
when just you think of gretzky right right away but i shouldn't say mark messier gets forgotten
he's got a fucking leadership award named after him what a stupid statement he was just like the
perfect hockey player i mean i think gretzky won nine of 10 MVPs. Then Messier got one. He won the
Conn Smythe. He also went to New York, won another MVP. And I think his first three years in the
league, like the first year he scored 12 goals. And then the second year, it was like right around
double, say it was 24. and then he shot off to 50.
And that was actually the only time he ever scored 50 goals in a season.
But he would run you over.
He would put his elbow.
He's a man.
Oh, there's videos of this guy literally just putting his elbow
right in somebody's mouth.
It reminds me of the Seth Jones story about Shaq.
He's like, don't touch my wrist.
He's like the cocky version.
Don't touch my wrist.
Don't touch me again, man.
Shaq wouldn't crush Shaq you over the head fucking when you weren't looking.
Exactly.
But, yeah, he's like the Freddy Krueger of, yeah, the Shaqs.
Yeah, he was a fucking man's man.
He still looks fucking good.
If you see him, he's still got his shit together.
He looks like he's 40 still.
So imagine running around Manhattan with him back in the fucking early 90s. Buddy was he was the type of guy too i think like legit after every game like
we're going out for beers like like how about him buying people's suits the stories that like
anyone get called up one game boom he's buying you a suit no way i never heard about that that's
cool yeah guys have said like you get called up there's a suit in your locker, it's from Mess.
It's like, I think that when you look back at a guy,
it's like you couldn't. It's R.A.'s leisure suit.
By the way, he won six cups, five with Edmonton
and one with the Rangers.
Sorry about that.
Oh, my goodness.
But he still won one more.
And he won that one.
He won the one once Gretzky left, which was,
what was that, against the Bruins in 90?
90, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that guy was the perfect player.
He did it all.
And every single teammate, if he spoke, you had to listen.
When you go about things a certain way and when you speak,
the entire room shuts up and does whatever you say.
That's when you know you've had a grand career.
I'll say that.
So going back to the question I asked Nate, I said,
are you as big
a big dog now where you're hearing about moves before they're made i think mess was usually the
guy who got the phone call first and knowing exactly what was happening out with with the
dynamic of the team yes or no whip like he was like he had he by the end of his career it was
like he was like he was a legend he was a legend he was a legend still playing so um
the fucking man happy 60th birthday yeah happy birthday mess all right um moving along here a
little gambling corner action we'll chime in here now what's hot oh you're buzzing r.a is hot guys
hop on them i've seen him go on runs yeah Yeah. Yeah. It's been it's been a good
one. And like I said, it's tough to give picks because the lines don't come out till the next
day. So that's why I want, you know, if you want the picks, just follow me on Twitter. Follow my
Instagram at Rare Ad Chicklets at Rare Ad Bees blog on Twitter. What I do is only fans cameo,
whatever. Hold on. Here's my feet picks. pics basically i'll be the days that i'm going to
have a bet which is probably going to be six to seven days a week i'll have a blog uh it goes up
late in the afternoon i know people already i get up at seven eight and i'm on the p and i already
got people asking me who i like that night that's like whoa dude i haven't had my coffee yet i always
look late in the day it's just because back on the day before the internet when you would put a
wager on with the local shop that guy doesn't open till 6 37 so you wouldn't even get the line fill in and i guess
that's just the way i was raised so i have i'm conditioned to wait till later in the day to make
my play so just follow me on twitter uh the chicklets account's also going to be tweeting
it out because again i can't tell you who to bet on a tuesday night and a wednesday night when i
don't know the lines um but either way like what said i got a hot a hot start. And when I do write pets, read what I'm writing.
Like the other night, Saturday night, I flat out said I didn't like anything
or didn't love anything.
I still made a few plays.
That's my way of saying, hey, I'm not putting the fucking fondant on it here.
If you like it, follow.
But, you know, so don't just go to the bets.
Read what I'm saying.
Like today, St. Louis, I made it clear I'm making a heavy bomb bet on them.
So you know that I like them.
I don't put amounts because sometimes I don't even know what I'm betting
until I call it in.
But anyways, it's been a good start.
We had a really good week.
If you followed along, hopefully you made some money too.
So just, again, follow Chicklets, follow Instagram,
follow the Chicklets Twitter, and you'll get the blog,
and you can follow along at home.
Make some money, ideally.
Another issue I've got a lot of tweets about,
I think people think I'm Obi-Wan Kenobi here,
biz help me Obi-Wan.
You're my only hope.
We got all this blackout situation around the league.
The what do you call them?
Regional Colorado,
regional sports networks,
like basically,
you know,
your Comcast sports nets or whatever,
Fox sports nets,
all those regional networks,
basically the,
all the streaming outlets aren't doing,
haven't don't have any deals anymore.
So people who have YouTube TV or Fubo or any of these other companies they're not carrying or they're not
streaming the games anymore and a lot of people can't watch them um and there are blackouts too
i don't know why the fuck the nhl and the teams and advertisers why are they doing blackouts when
there are no fans in the building i have no idea but whoever's listening maybe lift the fucking
blackout restrictions for this year when there are no
fans in the building and just let people watch the games.
It's a fucking joke that in Colorado, people can't watch the avalanche.
And Nashville is a situation.
And Carolina is a situation.
And I know it's everything's so convoluted with fucking networks.
And, you know, you've got the Sinclair broadcast company.
They're fucking assholes.
Whatever they do as far as, you know, making the prices high.
It's just like, you know, people just want to watch fucking hockey,
make it easy.
Let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this.
So you keep harping about this and I agree.
I want everybody who wants to watch hockey to be able to do it,
especially if you're in that own city.
Are, are they not able to watch it?
Because if they want to watch it,
they're forced to buy like cable and pay that much money
when that's like really the only channel they want to buy?
Right. Well, yes, that's what it is.
Because people are getting their TV off the internet now.
They're not doing traditional cable and satellite.
So if you don't, then you're not getting access to these channels.
So if they purchase NHL Network,
is there a chance that
their game is not playing on nhl network you mean the package they could be black on the package
yeah if you still could black it out i think yeah okay because if it's on tv in our region even if
you can't get it on your tv it'll still be blacked out on your fucking nhl tv they need to figure it
the fuck out this season because again there's no fans in the buildings. The blackout shit makes no goddamn sense.
So you,
so you think it's bullshit about the blackout and,
or the fact that they're forcing people to buy cable to charge them to
watch a game for like 130 bucks a month.
Yeah.
And again,
it's,
it's a confusing issue.
Cause it's not one thing.
It's,
it's the blackout in one area.
And then it's the regional sports network in another area.
And yeah,
it's people are paying to watch TV on one, one thing. And it's like, well, now area and then it's the regional sports network in another area and yeah people are paying to watch tv on one and one thing and it's like well now i can't
watch the game but i think you know yeah the best thing is to get nhl tv we we have it it's awesome
you get games wherever you go and there are blackout things but if you're going to spend the
money and you want to watch hockey do that buy nhl tv that'll guarantee well again barring black
blackout stuff that'll guarantee you'll be able to watch some games.
But it's just frustrating for fans, man.
They're trying to watch their team, and they can't.
And when it's greed to it, it's about money. Yeah, they're trying to gouge the customer.
Of course.
It sucks.
But anyways, I just wanted to make these people's concerns
amplify them.
Or like customer service.
Yeah, whoever has the show might hear it.
And Hey,
maybe somebody will do something and help these folks out and they could
watch the fucking teams they root for. So, so yeah, to wrap it up, fans,
I hear you. We hear you, you know, your, your issues certainly,
but get NHL TV. It'll probably solve all your,
all your problems or at least most of them.
But hopefully you guys are able to watch a game soon.
Moving right along. The last topic we got here, NFL weekend,
awesome games last weekend.
Bills Mafia, one game from the Super Bowl in the AFC Championship game.
Last time they were playing the same team, the Kansas City Chiefs.
You know who did the post-game interviews that game, Biz?
No.
OJ Simpson.
I don't think we're going to see him this weekend.
And in the NFC, we got Tom Brady versus Aaron Rodgers.
Winner goes to the Super Bowl.
I mean, Brady leaves the Pats, goes to the NFC. He's in the NFC Championship we got Tom Brady versus Aaron Rodgers. When it goes to the Super Bowl, I mean, Brady leaves the Pats,
goes to the NFC.
He's in the NFC Championship game of Gronk.
14th conference championship game.
Insane.
And this would be 10 Super Bowls.
He's something else.
But I won't be.
Oh, yeah.
Rodgers is something else.
He gets the ball out quick.
He can throw it deep.
He is so sick.
I'm fired up for the Bills.
I think the Bills are going to beat the Chiefs.
Mahomes in or out.
The Bills are good.
The Bills are a wagon.
And Josh Allen, how easy is it to root for that guy?
Cannon arm.
He can move around.
I love the Bills.
Bills Browns would have been incredible.
Andy Reid with the ballsiest of balls,
the biggest of heaviest balls
going for it on that fourth down
at midfield to seal the win against the
Browns. R.A., I will disagree
with you. The games weren't great.
I don't know.
I guess
you're thinking about
some instant classics. I don't
really think we had any of those.
But what?
No, no, I don't know.
It's an exciting weekend, of course.
I guess that's what I meant.
Although the Browns Chiefs, that ended up going down on the wire pretty much.
And seeing Breeze go out, that was tough.
The video of Brady kind of hanging with them after on the field,
throwing his kid to pass. It was like, Oh, like Breeze,
he doesn't have it anymore. He's got no arm strength.
He was remember Peyton at the end. Remember Peyton. They won the,
they won the Superbowl. He was, he was Peyton.
Couldn't throw the ball 10 yards then. And Breeze really can't throw it.
It looked like 15 to 20. So they're playing, they, they,
they were playing Michael Thomas.
He didn't have one catch.
So the Bucs, they're solid on D,
but what a different test it's going to be with your boy Rogers.
And 20 degrees as opposed to being in a dome.
Brady's older.
I have no clue there.
I'm not betting against Tom Brady.
I hammered, hammered the Bucs money line.
I needed that one Sunday evening.
But, yeah, the weekend by the
bills moving on it was just like their fan base has been so great and to allow 7 000 women there
it was loud they were shit faced and i'm sure that the bills oh that was the other thing about
the bills roan at barstool did a video did you see this video no he went to these these bills
fans have watched the game at like one of the dudes uncle's living room anytime they're not
there they lose anytime they're there they win they're up there on the screen like using their
finger oh yeah i saw that it's it's like six minute video worth checking out uh funny funny
stuff but i'm on the bills i'm on the bills bandwagon i love to
see them do well their fan base deserves it and i'm ready for this weekend what's the first game
you know on sunday yeah it's the uh nfc brady rogers they run championship day is where it's at
yeah both games are usually pretty sick for a trip to the bowl yeah are you gonna watch biz i i like
oh for sure um i'm a huge rogers fan actually when
i did that ice bucket challenge he fucking directly tweeted me uh dm it was like i was
like oh dude i was like what i'm like this is y'all i'm a packers fan and this guy's a fucking star
um he 500k to the barstool fun i think he i think he felt that uh jordan me again i took a personal
uh when they drafted that quarterback.
And I think that, I don't know,
like they were probably setting themselves up for the future thinking,
you know, maybe he's on the decline.
And he's like, oh, yeah, I think he's the MVP this year.
A lot of people might disagree if they got maybe Henry
because he was a beast as far as a running back.
But I think he won one when he was young.
I think he needs to win one more to really solidify his career. And I think he's going to do it. I think he won one when he was young. I think he needs to win one more to really solidify his career,
and I think he's going to do it.
I think he's determined.
I think they have the squad around him, and I like him over Tom Brady.
And classic NFL, Tyreek Hill, what a scumbag.
You see him push his coach.
And then the coach started laughing,
and there is no chance that wasn't a serious push.
And right away by the coach laughing, you can say after we were all joking around, dude, he stood up and fucking pushed him as hard as he could.
It looked like there's no chance that that was a joke.
I don't know.
I didn't see that.
I didn't see the other angle or anything.
And then the Kareem Hunt line, the Kareem Hunt line, the storyline, like it's his revenge game.
Dude, you kicked a woman and got released.
It's not a revenge game.
They didn't let you go because your legs looked a little beat up.
You know, so it was like.
Stupid media fucking angles.
It's fucking crazy.
And the other thing that was bullshit was when,
I don't know who it was on the Browns,
fumbled it out of the end zone and it ended up being.
Touchback. touchback.
A touchback.
That was a helmet to helmet hit.
Brutal.
Brutal.
And you see that called all the time on the quarterback and stuff. And that guy fumbled it because he got drilled in the helmet.
Oh, yeah.
And they didn't call it.
That was a huge swing, that play.
I didn't see it. By the time I swing, that play. I didn't see it.
By the time I turned on the game, I did see when Chad Henney came in and he lowered the shoulder slash head to get the first down.
Oh, that was balls, yeah.
Which was awesome, but then they reviewed it, didn't get it,
and then that was the meme.
What's the meme I'm thinking of?
The meme God today.
Am I memeing too much?
I'm thinking of the meme God today.
Am I,
am I memeing too much?
Watch the,
watch Tyree kill,
push, watch Tyree kill,
push his coach and text me.
If you think it was him joking around.
Okay.
Well,
they,
they,
he laughed and I did the coach.
I was thinking of the big,
he did laugh at the way.
Still,
it's a bad optic to have a guy,
a player pushing a coach.
Hey,
this episode is like how long I got held hostage at the Brass Rail
when I thought she liked me.
Oh, one more thing.
One more thing, folks.
I apologize we forgot.
Now that hockey's back, you're going to have to find your shot.
And what better way to do that is than the new Pink Whitney minis.
That's right.
From January 1st through March 26th, 2021,
we are giving Chicklets fans a chance to win a custom Pink Whitney shot machine.
I don't even have one of these.
So let's go here.
I might get involved in this competition.
All you have to do is post a picture of you and your Pink Whitney minis
and use the hashtag Pink Whitney, hashtag take your shot, hashtag sweepstakes.
That's hashtag Pink Whitney, hashtag take your shot, hashtag sweepstakes with your picture pink whitney hashtag take your shot hashtag sweepstakes
with your picture of you and the pink whitney minis and we'll be picking winners every other
week so make sure to get creative with your submission you know that really counts for
something the new 50 milliliter pink whitney minis can be found wherever you buy your spirits
from in both canada and the u.s Let's go. Get your Pink Whitney shop machine.
Custom.
Oh, shit.
Hey, listen, if you're a Cleveland fan, a Baltimore fan,
a New Orleans fan, or an L.A. Rams fan, don't worry.
It could always be worse.
You could be a Houston Texans fan.
We'll tackle that subject next week because that's a lot to get to.
Also, I know you haven't watched the Tiger Woods documentary on HBO yet.
I highly recommend it.
We'll discuss that next episode if you get caught up. But that wraps it up, gang.
It's a nice long one for you.
You've got a whole week to watch it.
So everybody have a fantastic week.
Enjoy some hockey, and we'll be back.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace. Peace.. P-10. P-10. P-10. P-10. P-10. P-10. P-10. P-10. P-10. P-10. P-10. See you guys. Love you. Love you guys. As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets.
Big thanks to our long-term friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends over at Saks for taking care of our junk.
Check them out if you haven't yet.
Big thanks to our new friends at TaylorMade.
By all means, you want to check out their new gear.
If you're golfing, by all means, do that.
Also, thanks to our friends at CBDMD.
Check that out for all your CBD needs.
Big thanks to our friends over at Roman Swipes as well.
Fellas, check them out if you need to use them.
No shame in that game.
And also big thanks to our new friends at The Zebra.
You want to compare your insurance rates?
Check them out.
Use the promo code CHICKLETS.
Have a great week, everybody.
