Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 317 of Spittin' Chickas,
presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka,
here in the old boss little sports podcast family.
What is up, gang?
The NHL is in full swing.
The league is very tight so far.
All the teams are within seven points.
We had a huge trade we're going to get to shortly,
but first, our greetings with the fellas, producer Mikey Grinelli and NYC.
How we doing, buddy?
Life is pretty good right now.
Brady's going back to the Super Bowl, and I'm predicting the future left and right.
So life is good for this producer.
Fucking unreal, dude.
Basically called that trade.
We're going to be getting to soon.
Biz, I mean, is G on a roll here or what?
Yeah, I'm going to become the producer, and he's going to take over my role.
So it was great knowing you guys.
I'm sure you're going to miss all my hot takes and shitty picks,
and it's been real.
And Grinnellikov is back as well, back on the YouTube channel,
playing the video games.
Oh, yeah.
All right, let's go.
That fucking headband is too much.
Biz has his Mexican pussy muncher headband on.
He looks like he's getting ready for a middleweight fight
coming down the fucking aisle right now.
It was a gift from my old lady. What's up, Whit?
Wonderful gift. Not much, dude. If you
were the producer of this podcast,
we'd record on Monday and they'd come out
like Friday night and you'd be the
worst producer in the world.
Not much going on, guys.
We have some big news
around the NHL, big trade.
You always like seeing that.
It gives us something to talk about.
What else?
Brady, this guy.
What else are you going to say?
It's just so bizarre to me that he's 43 years old and is still doing it.
And now having as many NFC titles as Breeze, Rogers,
the list goes on and on, Favre.
Kyle Orton.
It just shows a Hall of Fame career from his 37th birthday and on.
Forget what he did before that.
Also, I went on Dog Walk, Snake Draft.
Have you done one or two? I've done two. Yeah. R.A. has  have you done one or two?
I've done two.
Yeah.
R.A.'s done two.
It was my first.
For everyone who doesn't know, snake draft's right first overall.
If it's a five-person draft, then picks 10th overall.
Fifth, pits fifth and sixth.
Right, right, right.
Everyone knows that.
I'm interested to hear what the topic was.
The topic was divas in sports.
So you had to pick one guy from the NFL, one guy from baseball,
one guy from basketball.
Hockey, unfortunately, that was not good.
Did you pick yourself?
No, I'm not.
Charlie Dubois.
Oh, shit.
I should have gone Luke Dubois.
And then Masters Miscellaneous.
I think I won this draft easily.
And I actually could have picked somebody that really guaranteed the win.
And I stuck to my guns and picked somebody that I knew more about.
But still, go check it out.
Dog walk.
Who'd you pick in the hockey world as your ultimate diva?
So.
No dropouts on the show, Liz.
Well, no, I just, I really prefaced it with,
they all said there's really isn't many divas in hockey. So Avery was the first pick.
Avery was the first pick. Carl picked Avery. And, and, you know, I,
I said, I could see as a guy who's not a hockey fan, right?
You're going to pick Avery. He's in the news a lot, whatever. Well,
when it came to me, I, I went with Lindros only because he,
he requested the tray when he got Eli Manning. Yeah.
I said, I go, he called Eli Manning.
I said, I go, we've never interviewed him.
I probably just shriveled that possibility at some point.
But I had to pick a guy who refused to play for the team.
Antonio Brown would have had to have gone for NFL, correct?
Yep.
Antonio Brown was it.
I think Carl actually could win it too.
But go check it out.
I don't mean to talk about myself.
Since we kind of glanced over Brady,
listen, I was tuning into the game in the midst of calling the Coyotes game,
which they got hosed on.
It was an icing on the last goal.
We won't even go there.
There was a red zone opportunity in the first half,
and blatant hold on the Packers guy.
They end up having to settle for a field goal.
And as a fan, as a casual Green Bay Packers fan, I'm like, you know what?
It's a playoff game.
If they're going to let them clutch and grab and play like that,
at least call it consistently.
And I'm not going to be the guy to bitch about it.
And I know that the picture doesn't look great at the fact that he had a
hand on his undershirt.
Six feet of, he was pulling at six feet.
That's like a blatant trip in the offensive when you have to call it.
Everyone in my house who saw that right away, they're like, bad call.
They haven't called anything on the view from behind.
Once you saw the picture of the jersey being dragged five yards is over.
Those optics are as blatant as anything.
And, Biz, I thought they fucked up kicking the field goal.
Just over two minutes left.
Fourth and goal.
A field goal serves you nothing there. You're not guaranteed to get the ball back you need to stop which they didn't get they caught the fucking game i could understand
if you're giving it to trabisky or something but you're not you're giving it the fucking tom brady
did not understand that that too yeah the the the the head scratcher was was the third down like oh
my god he's at least to make fourth down more manageable.
And then he ended up trying to zip it in there.
And then, yeah, when they brought the field goal unit on, I was just like, oh, Jesus.
I went right to Twitter because I couldn't wait to see all the response.
So is that like  Dave said it was a fireable offense.
Do you think that that's like a fireable offense?
I mean, Dave's a hyperbole king. I don't think it was a fireable offense. Do you think that that's like a fireball offense? I mean, Dave's a hyperbole King.
I don't think it was a fireball offense.
I thought it was just a terrible coaching call.
I mean, if it was his fifth year and it was like Mike McCarthy all over again.
Yeah.
But I don't know.
I thought he thought for some reason he thought the green Bay defense,
we're going to stop and get the ball back, which was a point.
Poor calculation, man.
I don't know.
You don't three serve them.
Nothing there. I mean, you got the MVP, which was a poor calculation, man. I don't know. Three serves, nothing there.
I mean, you got the MVP, which I believe Rodgers is going to win the MVP.
Sorry, Ben.
I mean, NFL is measured in Super Bowls, not fucking regular season MVPs.
No, he's saying that's why you go for it.
Oh, I was going to say you may be hand on the ball there.
No, that's okay.
You're fired up.
You're supporting Tom Brady with that lid on.
And congrats to him.
Mind you, I'm excited for the Superbowl
because it's kind of the moment of like, you know, is my home's going to take over as like, you know,
is the, is the torch going to be handed? I think my homes could go on to have just as good a career
as Tom Brady. If you think we're switching out of that first game already, you're fucking crazy
because that was the second worst coaching decision in the history of football from me. first one's over carol threw it over the middle instead of giving it to to the best running
back in the game that was number one this one i don't it's it's like he like he was we were
getting punked i don't care if you tell me it's like a two percent better chance if even if you
don't get it you have them on their eight with all the timeouts in the two minute warning so even if you went for on fourth down didn't get it's the same thing as
you like you still need to stop they still needed to stop i couldn't believe if you're a package fan
no wonder rogers was pissed he didn't play great by the way also brady had two picks they didn't
get a first down on either one i don't think they went three and out both times or one of them they got a field goal so he had three picks even and yeah i mean the d won
the fucking game for them clearly yeah they're d's they're g's nice um the other game
i'm a horrible cheetah the cheetah oh my god i'm a horrible gambler i wanted the bills so bad i've
been saying that for a while just the city of buffalo like deserves it but the week was leading up and everyone the bills the bills the bills i'm
like all right mahomes left the game with a concussion but all signs seem to be he's fine
and he's good to go and you hear about like turf though turf though which can be a big deal right
but people were talking about the kansas City Chiefs like they were playing some scrub unit,
some team thrown together that barely made the playoffs.
It was like they won the Super Bowl last year.
It's their third home AFC title game in a row,
and everyone is on the Bills.
So I ended up, I was rooting for the Bills,
but I bet on the Chiefs because I said, listen, like, it's a win-win.
I don't mind if I lose the money if the Bills win,
but the Chiefs are winning this game.
It was  the comparison was like betting with your heart.
Everyone who had the Bills, like, it would be like if the Buffalo Sabres
went on a run this year, which I hope they do,
and then they met Tampa in the chance to go to the Stanley Cup final,
and you're like, oh, everyone wants Buffalo.
Bet Buffalo.
It's like it's the lightning, dude.
It's the Chiefs.
Buffalo's time could come, but the Chiefs,
Mahomes, Kelsey, and Tyree
Kill, you can't
tackle Tyree Kill when he gets the ball.
It's nuts.
He's like the McDavid of the NFL.
What's crazy, too, is this is the first time
that a Super Bowl team has had home field
advantage in their actual home stadium because other teams have played close to home, but not in their actual home stadium.
So the NFL is rigged is what you're saying?
Yeah.
With no fans.
A team that was 9-7 and people were right now.
I thought the craziest stat was since Tom Brady's entered the league, he hasn't gone three years without getting to a Super Bowl.
That is just insane.
Yeah, I mean, first player in NFL history to play in 10 NFL championship games,
24th athlete of the four majors
to play in 10 championship games or rounds.
LeBron and Brady are the only ones
to do this in the last 30 years.
We already mentioned as many NFC titles in one year
as Breeze and Rodgers have had,
and he's just the second starter
to reach the Super Bowl in both conferences.
Craig Morton did it way back in the day for Dallas, then Denver.
18 of all Super Bowls, R.A.
18 of every Super Bowl that's ever been played.
Absolute obscene numbers.
And again, Green Bay, I mean, I don't know if it's worth crying on a video online about.
Some people might have done, but Rodgers lost his fourth straight AFC championship game.
Yeah, he was pretty despondent
i don't know if he's going to want to play somewhere else but i know there's a lot of
scuttlebutt on that he always is into that though every he's always into the drama yeah he does love
the he makes it openly that he's not happy and maybe he did play his last game and he made sure
to make he made sure to make everyone know the coach made that call as well too like you know
i mean whatever okay so i i love him you know he's he's i think he's one of the greatest ever uh he you know what
goalies they get a goal score on them and they kind of do the arm lift he's kind of he's the
arm lift guy he's like every time a play's not made he's like rolling his eyes and it's like on
the on the screen and you're just like oh he could He could have been on the Diva. He could have been on the Diva draft.
He was not selected, but.
I didn't realize he was 37.
Wow.
He's turning 38 soon, I think.
I think he's my age.
Is he an 83?
83 birth date or 82?
Yeah, but December of 83.
Ah, fuck.
I'm like a year older than him.
We look the same.
I look real good compared to that guy.
But either way, Kansas City looking to go back to back.
We haven't had one of those since a local team I
root for. The Super Bowl, let's see,
what was the line? Kansas City,
I believe was three, like a
three and a half right when it started.
Yeah, it was three and a half right away, and then it did go down
to three at a certain point.
Kansas City's starting
offensive tackle, I think left
like the important one. What is it? Left side?
The quarterback's blindside? He tore his Achilles, they think left, like the important one. What is it? Left side? The quarterback's blind side?
Yeah, left tackle.
He tore his Achilles, they were saying, at the end of the game.
Yeah.
So that's a big loss.
But Mahomes is, Jesus, what a player.
Yeah.
Can't bet against Brady, though.
I'm glad.
No, I'm going to take him.
I'm going to take the Bucs.
The undercover storyline is the Kelsey Gronk.
I would say, I think as far as numbers are concerned,
what he's done in the start of his career he's on pace to to have a better career i mean you you look at the super
bowls and that's another thing but i i like that uh that battle going on too yeah kelsey
gronk's been quiet he had the one huge play uh in the game on sunday but he has he seems to not
really be in the mix that much with their offense. And I know I'm kind of going against myself saying, I'm going to,
I'm going to take the box. Like, why do you bet against the chiefs?
I'm not watching Brady win a seventh Superbowl and losing money.
There's no chance. Nope. If I lose the bet, I lose the bet.
If Brady wins and I bet I'm not betting against Tom Brady. That's,
that's the thing that's going on there. No way.
And the Superbowl will be played Februaryary 7th which what it's uh roughly the 50th anniversary of spitting chicklets our first
episode dropped right before the super bowl of in 2016 back in the day so we'll all go up for a nice
romantic dinner together we're kind of in that well we have a weird like in somebody's living
room with an old wore down couch that's what we'll have dude that couch was not worn down i mean i'll
take my lumps and arrows.
That couch just barely got used.
That's the only reason I know.
The only time we used it was to film chicklets.
All right, boys.
Well, I mentioned our friends at New Amsterdam Vlogger in the intro,
and now that hockey is back, you're going to have to find your own shot.
And what better way to do it than with the new Pink Whitney Minis?
Well, sometimes they call them nips wherever you're from.
From January 1st through March 26th, we are giving chicklets fans a chance to win a custom Pink Whitney shotis. Well, sometimes they call them nips wherever you're from. From January 1st through March 26th,
we are giving Chicklets fans a chance to win a custom Pink Whitney shot machine.
Biz has one in all of his bedrooms in his house with those two,
all 17 of his rooms.
I had one installed in my Jeep.
All you have to do is post a picture of you and your Pink Whitney minis
or nips and use the hashtags,
All you got to do is post a picture of you and your Pink Whitney minis or nips and use the hashtags, hashtag Pink Whitney, hashtag Take Your Shot,
and hashtag Sweepstakes.
We will be picking winners every other week,
so make sure you get creative with your submission.
Don't be lazy.
Don't just add an ER or an IE at the end like they do at Hockey Nicknames.
Get a little fun with it.
Get some creativity.
And the new 50-milliliter Pink Whitney minis slash nips can be found wherever you buy your spirits in both Canada and the United States.
So I'm not a big nip guy, but when we're on the road and there's like 700 of those laying in the kitchen, I might drink like seven of them a day.
Just like Gary.
Yeah, just one little one-header.
Great for the golf course, too.
Exactly.
Yeah, it's like a one-header.
Great to sneak on flights.
I was drinking some on the way to Cabo, and the cabo and the ladies like yeah you're not allowed to bring your own
minis i i legit that thought that that's why they were created to fly with and have a couple on
when you can't go through security with liquids isn't that you can because they're because they're
under a certain amount that's just covid protocol this it's just because of covid right now they
don't want people drinking but normally you can bring those you can bring minis through oh yeah that's why they're called airplane sized
we work in tsa dude sometimes like shit you couldn't get into before now you can take like
a pack of fucking bick lighters on and nobody fucking blinks before like they pat you down and
rub your grundle before they fucking let you on a lighter he's got his water he's bringing
bringing hundreds of red socks bick lighters to sell in other cities when they win the World Series.
Yeah.
That's a random hustle.
Well, anyways, we did mention the huge trade since our last episode
came together pretty quick.
The number two and number three picks in the 2016 draft
were swapped for each other as Columbus shipped Pierre-Luc Dubois
in a third-round pick in 2022 to the Winnipeg Jets for Patrick Lanny and Jack Roslevic.
Dubois had been benched on Thursday after a pretty subpar effort.
The trade talks really picked up momentum on Friday.
By Saturday morning, we woke up.
He was traded.
Roslevic is a Columbus native.
He did not want to play in Winnipeg at all.
He stayed home, never signed a contract there.
He immediately signed a two-year deal with Columbus worth 3. million dollars uh Patrick Lanny will be RFA after this season he's making 6.75 mil
Winnipeg's going to eat about a quarter of the deal uh whereas P.L. Luke Dubois signed through
2022 at 5 million per so Columbus maybe has an advantage if you want to call that uh in the
meantime but either way huge deal a real hockey trade, not a cap deal.
Biz let's go to you first. We got to take.
So we got Jody Shelley coming on.
Who's got a way better pulse on this whole situation than us.
I'm happy for everybody involved. I mean,
I saw Pierre-Luc Dubois interview with Ron McLean right after it happened.
And, and, and listen, if you're a hardcore Columbus fan, everything you might've said,
you might've been throwing shit at the television and tell them to fuck off,
but he genuinely seemed like so happy about it. He explained that,
you know, there's pure Luke Dubois, the hockey player,
pure Luke Dubois the person he just genuinely wasn't happy in Columbus.
And he found a way to get himself out. And in a situation where, you know, as Jody Shelley's going to mention, and we have before on the podcast,
his father's an assistant coach in Winnipeg for the Manitoba Moose, right?
So he spends time there in the offseason.
He's just comfortable with the situation.
He seemed overjoyed about it.
In return, Columbus is getting a big name that's going to draw more attention to their
organization he's going to help out on special teams now the question mark remains if linea
wasn't happy in Winnipeg will he be happy in Columbus I don't know why linea wasn't really
happy in Winnipeg I don't know if it there's I don't know if you've heard any of this there's
been rumblings that like maybe he didn't get along with teammates
is as well as he's expected going in where he didn't feel comfortable there and now I mean
even watching his interview he seems excited to go to Columbus and make his own little imprint now
Roslevic we talked about him earlier um in our breakdowns of the teams and you know what this
guy can offer to a lineup I think that they seem
optimistic that he could maybe potentially turn out to be a a decent second line center in the
league now Dubois I think the ceiling's very high I think that now as far as depth through the middle
of the ice having Shifley and and Pierre-Luc Dubois is your one-two. That is fucking deadly.
That is deadly.
Because I wasn't ready to put Dubois in that category of a 1A center.
Like, I don't put him in that high echelon. But I think he's a competent guy who could maybe play defensively
to where he could shut those guys down and maybe keep up with them offensively
if had to go one-on-one throughout a playoff series now he's going to be getting even better matchups and i think that he that that one-two
combo is going to tear the league apart so i it's too it's too early to judge who's going to win the
trade right now i really like it for winnipeg because i see it lasting longer than maybe the
relationship between line a torts and even line a re-upping there what do
you think wet well he's rfa so they're gonna have to get him signed after this year and and they
definitely hold a lot of the power although you saw with with the way the game's changing you
don't necessarily have that especially means nothing at this point here's the thing like
this trade is interesting when you talk about true hockey trades and i actually think it helps both teams i think both teams do get better um rossovich can be a real
changer there depending on who they pick in the third round right it's years away from being able
to figure it out and yeah people quickly people say like you can't decide the winner yet you can't
decide the winner for years i mean how many times did you hear suban weber who won that trade now
it seems to be leaning Weber it's like
who knows things things take years to develop and looking at trades but Roslovich is going to get a
way better opportunity and a bigger chance he's probably fired up being a hometown kid the other
two Dubois and Leining they've both made it clear that they weren't happy where they were I I think
the way Dubois went about it was kind of crazy to see a
young guy man like once that shift came out his last shift as a blue jacket and i mentioned before
the year show up and do your job and doesn't really matter if you want to be traded it just
matters what you're doing in those 60 minutes in practice and training he was blatantly fucking dogging it yeah is is you're like all right i mean
i guess it's a it's kind of an odd precedent for a young player and he just signed a two-year deal
if he doesn't want to be there that's what you can do but uh it's like handling it one way he
you know what this is the thing you want to argue my point. He got his wish. Whatever he did worked.
Sometimes you got to be the asshole, right?
Yeah.
Force the hand a little bit.
I couldn't.
That shift, you guys.
That's tough.
That was fucking crazy.
That was an NHL player.
Yeah, that was pretty bad.
I mean, that's just because I thought like, yeah, Yamo's under no obligation.
But even that shift, it was like when a guy's doing that,
how do you justify putting him in the lineup?
And then if you're going to start sitting him, it's like,
all right, you're only hurting your team.
Get him out of there.
So we'll probably never know.
I think maybe his dad being in Winnipeg and being a part of the organization
really did help, and that was one of the places he wanted to go.
You heard Montreal was really interested.
I think there was tons of teams.
That Berger fan was probably, torn because you got a Pierre-Luc
Dubois in fucking Montreal. It's like,
forget it. The streets are St. Catherine Street
running with fucking Montreal Jizz
fans everywhere if they
fucking hear that. But it's like, dude,
that team is fucking humming right now. Why would
you want to fuck with that chemistry? Yeah, and they're
probably asking for either Suzuki or
is it Ramanov? Is that how you
say his last name? Gronev, I think. Grelanov um but yeah i i'm like i said i'm happy for both guys uh
you know from a hockey player standpoint and and from a if i ever had to watch a teammate do that
yeah it'd be a little bit difficult i wonder what those guys think of him i wonder if they're still
good buddies and or they're just like what a prick we'll probably find out in in a way that we will
never be on chiclets but it is it is interesting to see he he made a case about not wanting to be
there and then he stood by his guns and full-blown through it yeah and like i said with jody it's
like a you know winnipeg isn't exactly a place guys i'll like, die and go to. And he went there, and he's fine with it.
He seems to be happy.
He may well want to stay there.
It was like the end of Shawshank Redemption
when he, like, gets out of the prison.
That was, like, his interview on Sportsnet when he's looking up.
He's like, oh, my God, I'm going to Winnipeg.
And it's just like, bro, have you ever?
You're going to Winnipeg, man.
I mean.
In that interview, too busy.
He did, you know, I mean, we're talking about torts, obviously a huge factor.
But he had nothing but good things to say about him.
He said he's a hard coach.
I can take it.
Nothing personal.
I grew up with a dad who was a coach.
And he told me if a coach challenges you, it's never personal.
He just wants what's best for you.
And that's how I see torts.
And I have nothing but respect for him.
If it's lip service, either way, it's, he still said it.
So, you know, I think there's some validity to it,
but I think it was just more than torts.
I think that Paul Maurice definitely has moments when he can be hard on
guys.
And having said that line has never experienced anything like what he's
about to experience.
And maybe this takes him to the, to the next level as a player,
maybe towards holding him so accountable and getting on him.
And who knows the kid could shut it down or,
or the kid could light it up. It really,
either one of those scenarios really doesn't surprise me,
but if he does start giving that extra effort, every single game,
like the way torts kind of forces the whole team of Columbus to play,
imagine how dangerous he could be.
Yeah.
And now the power play, they're going to  he could help a ton.
And if not, you get a little Ernie Els action on the team flight,
Lainey and Torts.
Put the fucking bull in the ring.
Put the helmet and cage on.
Well, you got to think the Yamo connection will be huge
as far as him staying there going forward.
I mean, he's known him since he was a kid.
They're from Finland. There's definitely a bond there. And, I mean, he's known him since he's a kid. They're from Finland.
There's definitely a bond there.
And, I mean, if there's a guy who can kind of get that out of him
that would want to stay there, you've got to think of Yamo Kikolainen.
I'd be lying if I didn't like to see some drama between Torts and Laine,
but if it all works out, hey, happy for him.
I got another note here, too.
This is from Down Goes Brown on Twitter.
Before yesterday, the last two top three picks from the same draft were traded for each other was back in 1995.
Number one pick, Brian Barad, and number two pick, Wade Redden, was swapped.
That deal happened on January 23, 1996.
Exactly 25 years to the day is the Lani Dubois trade.
That's crazy, man.
That's just some serendipitous shit.
That's when you know that there's a Wizard of Oz back there
working all this out. It's crazy.
Truman Show. It's all our lives, Truman Show.
All right, boys. Well, we did mention we have Jody Shelley.
We're going to bring him on shortly.
But first, I got a couple sandbaggers who wanted to talk to you for a second.
Yep, that's right, R.A.
I want to talk to you about TaylorMade.
And it's pretty clear that hockey guys or golf guys,
especially us sandbaggers, biz,
and we're pumped to be sponsored by TaylorMade.
So TaylorMade has announced the new SIM family of products,
the SIM 2 drivers, fairways, rescues,
and three new sets of irons are here.
So big time new technology here.
Start pounding the ball.
The new SIM 2 and SIM 2 Max drivers were reconstructed
to make it
more forgiving while giving you more pop these guys just look like rocket ships when they're
in your hands and they truly are like having a cheat code like we said tyreek hill same with
the sim woods the sim 2 the sim 2 fairways and rescues are actually designed for you to really
take it low biz that means the lower the score, the better in golf. TaylorMade brought back its iconic V-steel design.
So all of you who say, I can't hit my three-wood,
my three-wood stinks, you should be excited now
because now you will be able to hit it.
But what good is a new driver or fairway
without a great ball to go with it?
Now there's finally a golf ball that gives you tour performance
without the high tour price tag the the huge the huge bill at
the end no now you get sick balls for less money and the tour response is for those people who
have always wondered why those high price tour balls are what they are and you're afraid to pull
the trigger to buy them these are for you and you can even get them branded with the chicklets logo
at the barstool store so check it out tailor-made and the sim 2 fairway woods driver and three wood and i'm gonna get
decked out in all brand new custom fit tailor-made clubs and i'm gonna eventually break 80 that's my
goal i think i can do it we're looking to break 90 okay we'll start with 90 and then yeah let's
start with 90 so shout out to tailor-made thank you for the sponsorship and uh those chicklets
balls are money you're gonna you're gonna find about
35 000 of them in true north in the in the desert so just if you don't want to buy any
and you're too cheap just go go look through the desert there's probably about 20 all right folks
so now enjoy jody shelly oh it's a pleasure to welcome our next guest this guy was undrafted
and went on to become one of the toughest customers to play in the league this century
he had over 200 penalty minutes for three straight years went on to become one of the toughest customers to play in the league this century.
He had over 200 penalty minutes for three straight years and led the league one of those years.
These days, you can catch him on Fox Sports Ohio covering the Columbus Blue Jackets.
And he joins us today to help us make sense of the big trade.
Thanks a bunch for coming on, Jody Shelley.
How are you, my man?
Good, man. Good to see you. Thanks for having me on.
Good to see you, too.
It's been a while.
So we got to jump right into this trade.
Obviously Pierre-Luc Dubois to Winnipeg.
You guys got back Patrick Lanny and Jack Roslevic.
Was this something that was ugly behind the scenes
or was all the ugliness pretty much public?
You know, I think it was pretty much public.
It's not very often you hear the head coach say, you know,
this guy wants out.
He signed a two-year deal, a nice deal.
And moments later you hear that there's rumblings he wants to
be traded and you know it was kind of surprising for everybody I thought right away and then I
honestly didn't believe it to be true I'm one of those guys that's maybe too much of an optimist
sometimes but I'm like oh like you know that they'll work it out they'll work it out but then
the more you hear you're like wow this could really be true and then it
all kind of played out in front of us I mean we watched Dubois practice and play for a week before
his last game and you could tell he was sending a message to his teammates and you know it kind of
like you know he everyone knew he wanted out they addressed it in front of the team he spoke
and then you know just what he did he didn't go out and did. He didn't go out and play hard. He didn't go out and hold up his end of the deal.
So we saw the whole thing happen,
and then when the trade finally did happen, that's a big trade.
I mean, that's a big deal.
We don't see a lot of trades.
You know, we get excited for trade deadline day,
but that's a major deal that someone would trade Patrick Laine
and Pierre-Luc Dubois with Roslovitz.
So it works out for the Blue Jackets, I think,
but the way the whole thing shook out, it was messy, and you saw and heard everything I think we needed to hear it was
definitely odd and and just so weird to see that young of a player just be like I want I want out
of here it's like it sets a weird precedent and I had said earlier that if you're playing as hard
as you can and you're playing great even though the news is out there that you want to trade
teammates will respect you but it was obvious once we saw i think the spit and chicklets put out the shift the one that got
him benched the other night last shift is a blue jacket he was it was pretty blatant huh like he
he just didn't give a shit did he have his skates tied i had the old trick i don't know
who's ever played sat on the bench with up their skates tied.
But yeah, you know what?
That shift was just kind of summed it up.
And, and when you look at, I mean, if you go into any work, you go into any job and say, you know what?
I don't want to be here anymore, but see you guys tomorrow.
I'll be here and I'll be here to work.
I think you can get away with it in hockey.
Cause for some reason, you know, you don't
talk about it on the bench.
You don't talk about it in a battle.
You don't, if you see a guy that's just going out there and just going hard and scoring
goals and crushing people, like we know Dubois can do, then it's different.
I think you can, you can live with it.
You know, he gets away and takes care of his business.
But when you see what he did on that last shift, yeah, that's when you're like, okay,
you know, we're trying to do something here and it's time to move along
you mentioned uh there was zero signs of it before he signed his deal i know it ended up being a fair
deal and i would imagine in his mind he's like let's get locked into a decent average that way
he's easier to move at two years at five per i don't know i mean it may i don't know it's a deal where he's a better asset to trade i guess
if he's signed uh and he's a player that you know he's a restricted free agent he's agreed to sign
and come to camp he's got to be in camp to to be able to play with us so i think it was just
it was a great bridge deal i mean the blue jackets would have loved to have him long term
but it sounded like the longer it went uh the hairier it got and then then after that, when he got here, by the time he did show up,
that's when everything had kind of turned and things got sour.
So, yeah, I would just say that he had to be signed to be here,
and that two years made it attractive for him to get picked up.
I mean, there was some rumblings of the relationship between him
and Torts wasn't that great.
How much of it do you think that impacted his decision to move
because he wouldn't he wouldn't come out and flat out say it right you know i think it i think it
had an impact i think he's a young player that had great opportunities here i think with the break
um and the length of time being not signed i think he just looked at himself and thought maybe he was
he was uh crossed or something by torts, which you know what?
It was shown on TV in Toronto in the playoffs torch yelling at him.
We've all been yelled at. So I just think it kind of,
it kind of built on them.
But I also think this is a player that realize that maybe like I heard all
the things about offer sheets.
I heard about different deals in different spots. I think you know,
torch being hard on them, maybe had a little bit,
but I think there's other things,
factors like attractiveness to get to another market, you know,
hearing from outside sources that, Hey, you could be here and play for this.
You know, you know, biz, everyone talks,
you hear all kinds of things from everybody, girlfriend, agent, wife, mom, dad.
And then when you paint a different picture and someone believes it, well, it looks like that's what happened with this kid. I don't know this kid at all. And I, I find it hard to
believe that, you know, all of a sudden he's just like, I don't want to be here. Whereas if you look
to what could have happened in signs, maybe, maybe to him, he's thinking, all right, they're going to
offer me a big, huge deal, like right when they can and nothing really happened, you know? And
maybe like if you have an ego, you're just oh that that's enough right there like they don't respect
me i who knows i wonder if it'll ever truly come out but it's got to be exciting as an analyst for
you and the players and the fans i mean not only you get back line a and you've seen his high level
and what he can do is big time but rosovich hasn't really had much of a chance i know a little bit
last year but a local kid so they got to be thrilled with what ended up turning
out here as a good return a great return yeah I think so I mean Lionel is a superstar I mean he's
a guy that shoots the puck and all the talk is can he play for torts listen he'll play fine for
torts torts is a guy who's had a lot of stars uh this kid has a great skill set the Blue Jackets
have a tough time scoring goals their power play play struggling and then you bring home a local kid who grew up here his idols played
for the blue jackets you know what i mean rossovic is a great story he's got skill he played center
in winnipeg kind of ran out of room there in that position had to move to the wing played on the
fourth line so all those things kind of added up you gotta love the return it didn't diminish the
return what pierre luke did uh you know he goes to winnipeg where his dad's a coach in the minor leagues there
he spends time in winnipeg and then we get a local guy plus i think a guy who's uh exciting to watch
and exciting worldwide you know we don't get to see him much because he plays in winnipeg
but in columbus we're gonna love this kid i think yeah pierre luke basically turned into peter from
office space like what would you what
was it as you say you do here like just completely loafing on the job but what I want to ask if it
wasn't strictly towards you know we've had enough of good things about Columbus on the show the city
the fans but you know Panarin left Bobrovsky left now Pierre Luke went to Winnipeg which is a place
a lot of guys don't want to go and he seems happy there happier there is there an issue with the
team keeping this talent and if so is it strictly a yamo thing or is it a columbus thing any no it's you know it's
definitely not and i'm not just saying that i mean those all the situations you go back to nash uh
you know he left you go back to some of the other other situations uh they're all different and this
is a young kid who fell out with the organization maybe maybe the definitely
something to do with the coach and and what he saw but this is unique because they drafted him
they had him here for just three years and then he decides to go on um you know the city of columbus
is incredible i mean we don't have the mountains and the ocean but the people here the industries
that are here it's one of the fastest growing cities in the united states uh it's a major sports market you know the ohio state buckeyes over 100 000 fans in the building
i've never seen anything like this place and uh it's unique in the sense that you know we don't
have the the hustle and bustle of a big city but we've got everything you need in it and uh it's a
special special place we got 13 local alumni now um i would say it's like in my opinion it's
probably a little like st louis i don't know much about st louis i you know you guys know you go to
the westin you stay downtown you go to the rink you get out of town and you don't know anything
about it but they got one of the best alumni's there because the people the suburbs what it
offers to their players so there is nothing wrong wrong with Columbus as a market, not an organization either.
These guys, Jarmo works his butt off, and he's done a great job.
He's competitive, and he was happy.
I love his comments about getting the number two.
He moved from number three to number two, so he wasn't disappointed at all.
A little shot there getting his Finnish buddy over there.
Max Domi made some comments.
He said he got over there uh max domi made some comments he said he
got over there in training camp he said like the culture in the locker room is like something he'd
never seen before obviously they the whole team seems to embody what torts is about so other than
this incident it seems like everybody's really happy to be there and they're pulling the rope
the same way yeah that's a good point biz but you know sometimes these locker rooms that say all the
guys are so great i love the guys it's not the best place to be you know what i mean it's a good point, Biz. But, you know, sometimes these locker rooms that say, oh, the guys are so great. I love the guys. It's not the best place to be.
You know what I mean?
It's a good place for fun.
But I think it was like that before here.
But now you're right.
They're all pulling them.
These guys want to win.
They've been together a long time.
Foligno, Jones, Wierenski.
You know, there's a Boone Jenner.
They get it.
There's a certain way here.
You can bring in a bad egg like Detroit used to be, chew him up and spit him out if he's not going to go the way that the team goes.
You know what I mean?
And I think they have that culture here.
So for Domi to come in, this is a guy who's, you know, he's a high-profile guy.
He's a guy that brings some skill in here,
and it seems like he's grown up a little bit.
I think he's had a good point here for the Blue Jackets,
and I love those comments because that's important to have a guy to come in here
and buy into what's happening.
Otherwise, he wouldn't be here very long.
Just a quick one to hop in. How's he been since he's been there?
I know it's only been like, what, six games he's played, but is he fitting in good?
Yeah, you know what? He's a guy, you know, when you go to a new organization, you try to be like, this is a fresh start.
You know, I'm going to be I'm going to be a little different.
I'm going to be the guy or, you know, and that leads you to try to do too much on the ice.
He's might have been trying to be too far too perfect with cam atkinson atkinson's a shooter he's been trying to get him the puck every time he gets it trying to be a little too uh you
know too fancy sometimes but i think like the last game we saw him play straight ahead competitive
on the puck and then his skill comes out in tight. So much better. And he'd admit his first game to now his sixth game played,
he's much better.
He's fun to watch, too.
He's got a little snarl in his game.
Oh, yeah.
I'm curious.
You watched Pierre-Luc Dubois at the top of his game,
and kind of he's so young.
Do you think he could be a true number one center in Winnipeg?
Like, does he have all that in him?
I mean, Winnipeg's deep they got
some good good uh center even a couple years down the line though yeah yeah I think so it this guy
has never been challenged he's been the number one you know Wemberg was supposed to be the guy
to play with Panarin uh it didn't happen for Wemberg Dubois took over Domi comes to camp
and I watched uh Pierre-Luc for the first couple days of camp he was this guy took it to
another level you know what I mean like he was but when he turns it up it's scary yeah he's built
like a swimmer he's only about 22 years old and uh when he gets mad and he wants to dial it up
he's he's scary the skill set like quick feet quick hands and and and big and rough so better
in the battles than the shift I would say that that shift was very telling if you put that that would be the opposite end of
what i mean that that was very clear what was going on i think i think they said going back
to last year's playoff crosby was the only guy and crosby only played against montreal for what
i think it was like four or five games he got beat out but he as far as puck battles
one he's probably one of the best guys in the league when he goes in he's coming out with the fucking thing it's unbelievable and and like he's
he's smart he's worked on things where like three on three i know he commented a few times that
he would let the guy come at him you know guys like you and me biz we would take the bait too
he's like oh free hit so we go in for a hit and the guy and guys like maybe whit would be like
whoop slip us off we're in almost
didn't throw the hit i'd be row number four the guy would be in front of the net with the puck so
oh unbelievable uh and and looking with line a i mean you all you've all heard or we've all heard
like he can shut it down a little bit kind of been an issue of inconsistency how long does
torts kind of deal with it if that's
going on like does he get a little bit of a warning from him like it's tough to say if he'll
even be like that but can you see that relationship being a little weird if he does decide to take
nights off yeah i think i think it could be i mean that's what torts does i mean he's done it with
his guys here and so the guys in the room understand what's expected so if he lets one guy he doesn't
let anyone get away with it i mean i saw gabrick sit on the bench and the fourth line would go out
and it would be shift after shift in the garden i'm like you know it's just how it is and and he
sends the message if you don't want to pull your weight and it's simple work hard play within the
system and when you're ready to get off get off the ice he doesn't ask much he leaves you alone
on off days um he's awesome but you just got to bring your work boots when you come here to
play i was just gonna ask one more torts question sometimes i get the feeling that maybe some guys
think that it's he makes it a little bit more about him than the actual team and and that's i
mean we had uh john scott on and he wasn't a big fan at his interaction with him in New York.
What's your experience with him? And do you feel that that is the case?
Sometimes he does tend to make it a little bit more about himself than the actual team or.
I haven't experienced that. I've heard that, you know, I've heard different experiences.
Of course, everybody's got the different. I got to New York at a trade deadline.
There were six of us staying in a hotel. I went there.
I thought it was out of the league. I got traded from San Jose to there and I didn't care. I went
to, I went into New York with the greatest attitude because it was in New York city. I was living
downtown and I was a ranger. It was like, get out of my way. And that served me so well. I don't know
if you guys ever had that chance to do that, but it's like, when you have that attitude to do something, I didn't care. Like I didn't dodge anything.
And it was amazing. And, um, torts was great. I mean, it was, it was a good way to,
a good mindset to have. Cause I wasn't tippy towing around and trying to do different things.
I just went to work and he noticed it and appreciate it and gave me actually great ice
time. And then I actually signed affiliates, a whole other story, but torts, Its I love torts I love everything about them I hate to hear their stories about them there's
probably some reasons uh but my experience it's been awesome I wanted to ask I mean he's going
with six season with Columbus now frankly that's a long time especially for torts but unlike previous
stops things seem to be fine there like everything's sort of going swimmingly despite all the PLD drama
I mean is that accurate to say like you know there's no real drama with him well in the room yeah I don't really get a full sense
that there's any drama I mean I think guys uh get pushed by him sometimes and it's not the optimal
time and that's just how it goes but I don't sense anything he's in the last year of his deal
I think this is up to torts you know I, I think torts having the break. And this is just my opinion.
He's a guy that rescues animals, horses, and dogs.
I think he finds a lot of nice time out there in the barn.
I think that's more attractive right now than some of these long days at the rink.
That's just what I'm thinking.
You know what I mean?
He always says he's on his back nine.
He's done a great job here improving the culture.
And maybe in the next few years he'll be out.
But I think it's up to torts. They just announced a 10-year extension on Twitter here.
Thanks.
I wanted to get into your career too.
I appreciate you coming on talking about this whole situation at Columbus.
And that's a place where you started.
I was looking through the head coaches.
You even had Dave King, who's a legendary head coach.
I had him.
was looking through the head coaches you even had Dave King who's a legendary head coach I had him how was that when you first got to Columbus and what was it like from like a new organizational
standpoint well it was my first crack in the NHL I mean I wasn't it was unbelievable I wasn't
supposed to be there but I was there you know as a tough guy and Dave King uh growing up in Canada
he was Mr. Hockey Canada when I was growing up like he was Mr. Amateur Hockey Canada and after practice I remember the veterans kind of looking over I'd be one-on-one with Dave King
doing stick handling and quick feet drills and I'm like I would do this this is like Dave King
hockey school I would do this all day and they're all kind of like elbowing each other like look at
this who is this guy over here but I needed it and uh he was great for me and the older guys you know
they were giving him a hard time, but I love Dave King.
You had him in Russia, right?
No, I had him in, in Arizona.
Well, and same thing with like, I was a healthy scratch. Most,
most games after every single practice, he would grab me.
I would be doing these, these knee drop drills, like crossover, crossover,
crossover, crossover, knee drop, crossover.
I was like, where did he learn this stuff? And sure enough, these knee drop drills like crossover crossover crossover crossover knee drop crossover it was
I was like where did he learn this stuff and sure enough all of it was from the KHL so I was getting
KHL training camp bag skates on the daily with Dave King but as you said it prepared you for
games especially you know being a being a healthy scratch or not getting as much ice time it kind
of got you to the shape that those other guys were in so when you did get your opportunity
you were there to step up to the plate.
Well, yeah. And then like, I got called up from the minors. I didn't,
you know, I was focused on fighting and he's like, you know,
he didn't tell me, but he was like,
if you're going to stay around and play a few minutes,
you got to get quicker hands and quicker feet. So that's what he,
that's what he was doing.
That was his nice way of telling you it is putting you to the guillotine.
Probably the last thing you wanted to do.
You, uh, you, you then, you you know you were in san jose and philly
yeah stopping the rangers but you went back to columbus i don't know if you married a girl from
there you just once you played there to start your career nhl career you were like i'm gonna
be here for good yeah yeah i married a girl from here uh it's been great it's been a great spot
for me too because you know my parents i lived all over canada my parents live in edmonton alberta
which is a great town but it's a tough sell in april when it's you know still 30 below you know, my parents, I lived all over Canada. My parents live in Edmonton, Alberta, which is a great town,
but it's a tough sell in April when it's, you know, still 30 below,
you know, you played there.
So it's, you know, it's a great city.
The people are awesome.
But in Columbus, it has so much to offer.
The organization's been great.
So this has been a perfect fit for me.
Did you, did you get right into the broadcasting the year you retired?
Were you lucky enough?
Or did you have to wait a year before something opened up?
How did that all go post-retirement? Well, I was going to go to the broadcasting the year you retired were you lucky enough or do you have to wait a year before something opened up how did that all go post-retirement well i was gonna go to the khl i
was thinking about going over to play with sergey federov in moscow and there was an opportunity
with the blue jackets um broadcast on the radio to be a color analyst and i you know i was thinking
well if i go there and and and grind it over in the KHL for a year and come back, that opportunity might not be here.
So I didn't go over there.
I got on the radio and then found my way to TV, which was a really good decision.
Good for you.
Well, we appreciate you explaining what happened there in Columbus.
And, I mean, they keep losing guys, but they keep on winning.
So there's something there in terms of the team morale
and what guys said in terms of example.
So appreciate your insight and look forward to catching up another time.
We can talk more about your entire career.
Yeah, we got to get you on for the whole thing
and how you ended up in Halifax for Manitoba.
We'll come on and get the whole thing.
All right. Thanks, boys. My pleasure.
Big thanks to Jody Shelley for jumping on with us.
He's a great guy.
I was fortunate to meet him several years back here in Boston,
and he's got some tremendous insight
to Columbus. He's been there for a while.
Great at what he does. So thanks again, Jody.
We're going to have him back at some point. Jody at some point
to discuss his career. Absolutely.
He's, like I said, undrafted to one of
the best fighters of his generation. So
great story. Also, he went to
Canadian college and then started playing
pro after that. So there's not too many guys
who ended up going the college route. I think, who was the guy in Anaheim?
I think he ended up winning a cup.
Oh, I know who you're talking about.
That's going to drive me nuts.
I'm drawing a blank.
Well, I'll look it up.
While you think about it.
Hey, listen, gang.
That's a classic biz, Grinnelli, right there.
This Valentine's Day, find jewelry as unique as your love
with the modern convenience of online shopping at BlueNile.com.
At BlueNile.com, you can celebrate all of life's special moments from creating the custom engagement ring of her dreams to gifting a once-in-a-lifetime piece all at prices you won't find at traditional jewelers.
Guys, if you're looking to put a ring on it, I know how stressful it can be.
Everybody's a diamond expert all of a sudden telling you how many months of salary you need
to spend. Listen, they've been helping people create the perfect engagement ring since 1999.
They are the experts, not your drinking buddies. All right. Whether you're customizing an engagement
ring or designing diamond stud earrings, Blue Nile will help you create a bigger, more brilliant
piece than you can imagine at a price you won't find at a traditional jeweler. They also have expert advice 24-7 and guaranteed
free shipping and returns. When you commit to a piece, so does Blue Nile, as they offer guaranteed
service and repair for life. 100 satisfaction guaranteed. If you need it stat, Blue Nile can
deliver overnight in most cases.
So make your moment sparkle with jewelry from BlueNile.com and spitting chiclets. Listeners will get 50 off 500. This is a podcast exclusive that's only good through Valentine's Day and it
includes an engagement deal as well. So if you're looking for that engagement ring, boom, this will
take care of you. You got to use the code chiclets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Again, that's code CHICKLETS.
Plus, every order is insured. It ships
for free, and it arrives in discreet
packaging that won't give away the secret.
You know, the old lady, I know you're going to be popping
the question, that's for sure. So shop
stress-free and find your forever
peace. Go to bluenile.com
today with the
code CHICKLETS.
All right, gang.
Wet found it mid-adreed. Steve Ruchin today with the code CHIPLETS. All right, gang. You got it.
Wet found it mid-adreed.
Steve Ruchin.
I remembered it.
Oh, you did? You didn't even have to look it up?
He was on a line with
they had a nasty line.
Who was on the line with him?
He was on the team that lost to the Devils.
Oh, okay. So they lost.
He went to the University of Western Ontario. Next thing you know, he was playing the team that lost to the Devils in Game 7. Oh, okay, so they lost. But he went to the University of Western Ontario.
Next thing you know, he was playing for the San Diego Gulls,
and then he had a fucking, like, I don't know, 10-year NHL career.
So not too many guys who were able to go from Canadian University
all of a sudden playing pro in the show.
I heard Western's one of the biggest times to ever have a time
to ever drink and have a time.
Time. Okay, so when i uh when i got pigeon when i got pigeon tossed by pittsburgh and i ended up getting sent home from camp do you
remember that year yes they told me they go don't even go to the ahl go home and we'll work out a
trade i never ended up getting traded and i didn't have to go to the coast for like another month
because there's like a gap i end up going to frosh week at university western out there i ended up getting traded and i didn't have to go to the coast for like another month because there's like a gap i end up going to frosh week at university of western ontario i ended up staying
for seven days buddy we're talking hat trick sunday it was a fucking gong show i would say
i think they ranked all the the craziest party universities in north america and i think it
landed on four and it's whitney party it's it's in in London, Ontario. It's a time. And yes, I would say London. Yeah.
I would say that's the, where the craziness is at as far as college kids.
Well, speaking of time visits time for our weekly divisional breakdown,
and we're going to stick with the COVID riddled central division right now.
Unfortunately, there are a lot of COVID issues in this division.
Florida and Dallas have only played two games each thus far. Carolina had its Tuesday game postponed and all games since.
Today, the NHL updated the schedule. There are seven games that include Carolina, Nashville,
Florida, Columbus, and Tampa. They've all been kind of randomly dropped into February and March
dates. And this is from our pal Chris Johnston. Florida has to play 54 games in 102 days.
Dallas, 54 in 104.
Carolina, 53 in 100.
And Tampa Bay, 52 in 102.
I mean, guys, you guys obviously played a full schedule.
You know, I know that's a lot, but given that it's only 56 games,
how much are you guys going to be worn down with this type of schedule?
Oh, my goodness.
I mean,
you got to hope there are a couple of teams or a team would love to,
to see them maybe get a chance to get enough of a lead in the standings
where,
you know,
you're getting in the playoffs and it's like the last 10 games,
we can really rest some people because as you get older,
I mean,
every other game,
this is,
this is crazy and injuries are going to mount up that
there's no doubt about that this division's getting the worst of it so far it sucks for
carolina going through that break florida i mean they haven't they haven't had covet issues but
they keep getting screwed out of playing correct because they were going to play dallas and then
carolina all that's worked but dallas comes back and looks like one of the greatest hockey teams
ever assembled the first night in a seven, nothing thrash.
Are they playing six on four on their power?
Pavelski has seven points. He's played two games.
It's it's that team looks hungry, pissed off.
And like a guy like Gary on off, he scored both games.
He kind of really hopped on the scene in the playoffs on that run they had.
So they got guys and we talked a lot about,
Oh, I'm drawing a blank on his name.
Who flies around for them right now with the long flow.
Oh, Rupert Hintz.
And so like guys like that are like making the next step where you have
Sagan out.
You don't, I don't know exactly when he's coming back,
but I think it's still a decent time away.
Yeah.
And so these guys are stepping up and granted it's been two games but to have to wait to start your season and be all
antsy and then get a start like they did just truck in nashville that shows that they're right
up there right up there at the top yeah i'm curious i'm curious to know if like this delayed
start is just all these other teams are playing and they're wearing each other out and then all
of a sudden they get to step in all healthy but i think it's ultimately going to catch up to them or any team that's not playing games the depths depth is
everything and then it kind of makes you question well maybe this system with um with vegas playing
5d and 13 forwards has to do with this you know when they maybe plan on resting guys on certain
games like like there has to be some type of strategy involved if you're a coach and you want to keep your guys you know full octane and healthy going into playoffs if you
do want to make this deep run where you got to start thinking about it now like you're even
seeing teams where their starting goalie won't even dress right it'll go from from starting to
like let's let them mentally check out he doesn't need to put the gear on and be on the bench you
know i mean i would imagine he's still yeah taxi squad stuff but but in the nhl right now they're allowing the three goalies right
um so that was just kind of a you know i've seen that a few times where like the starter will go
from like being like a healthy scratch so to speak so it's it's interesting this this whole
scheduling thing is has been a bit of a gong show in the central for sure and how about dallas i'm
sorry what eight of their 10 goals so far have been on the power play.
Eight of 12 on the year.
66.
I know they only played two goals,
but that's still a ghastly number if you're their opponent.
Anton Hudobin got his 100th win all time, his ninth shutout.
Joel Queveranta was placed on IR.
And Jamie Benn was placed on  I'm sorry, not placed on IR.
He missed a couple games along, lower body injury.
I didn't think we'd see him go down like that biz, but apparently we did.
You fuck.
If there's anyone who loves beating the Jamie,
Ben doesn't eat pussy joke. It is you. You love that.
Is it a factual thing that he actually say that he doesn't go down?
I mean, he, he either tweeted it or DM'd it and he put it to the wrong thing and
you know it didn't seem like he was a huge advocate of the old kind of like he was texting
a buddy and he actually tweeted it yeah and it was just like not even like yeah i was like he was
like did like shitting on it it's like buddy you don't have to like it but i mean well don't get
the guys who like to pleasure our ladies shit because we like to do it you know dj collie
doesn't even pussy either. He was adamant
about saying that. Did you see the retweet I did
of DJ Khaled doing the Larry
King interview? Show Larry
King, rest in peace.
One of the greatest interviewers.
What? How'd you get so fat?
He said to him. Yeah, yeah.
All right.
I just totally ruined the story.
I'll still try it.
So he's interviewing Khaled, and DJ Khaled's talking about how he wants the nice watch, the nice car.
He likes to look fresh.
And then right at the end, he goes, how'd you gain all the weight?
And you know what's funny?
I never saw that.
I saw the one when he interviewed Jerry Seinfeld.
Yeah, Seinfeld's living on him.
He was such a dick.
He was such a dick.
He's such an asshole, man. He is an asshole. He's an asshole. Dude, is Seinfeld an asshole was such a dick. He's such an asshole, man.
He's an asshole.
Is Seinfeld an asshole?
He's an asshole.
Dude, have you ever watched his show
Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee on Netflix?
No.
It's basically exactly what I just described.
He gets a fancy car that he rents or
fucking owns. They pick up a comedian.
They go have coffee and make jokes
and stroke Jerry's's ego he just
seems like such a pompous dick and honestly jerry seinfeld's fucking nothing oh larry david if we're
gonna call a spade a spade i mean his comedy comedy was he was good in the 80s but like
without the show dude the show elevated seinfeld to a level that people think his comedy is actually
funnier than it is larry david fucking put him on the map more than all right try to sneak back
stage to a jerry show and caught him.
So I just think he's overrated, dude.
I people talk about he's one of the greatest standups of all time.
He's not even close to it.
His show is great and it's iconic and all that.
Oh man.
Is fucking run the mill G rated bullshit.
Did he not just release one fairly?
I want to say like within the last couple of years,
he put one out, didn't he?
And it was not very good unless I'm thinking about,
about a completely different comedian, but there was also that part.
Remember the catwalk, not the catwalk, the red carpet, excuse me.
When the girl came up, she's like, Oh my God, I love Jerry Seinfeld.
Can I have a hug? And he's like, no.
And he's just had a lot of moments where he's been a complete asshole.
Yeah. Well, Larry David's proven he can be behind the scenes on Seinfeld
and then actually be still the star on Curb, which is way better.
I'm a big Seinfeld guy, though.
But back to Larry King quick.
He did 50,000 interviews, they think he did, in his life.
Do you know how many interviews that is?
And he mentioned a bunch of people wrote uh you know little things about when they said like he always said the shorter the
question the better the answer and i was like wow i was like that's great to know right when we're
interviewing people we just interviewed jody shelly i asked him two questions it took three
minutes to get the whole question out it's like it's true though yeah that's a short question
how'd you gain all the weight dj collie probably told him every fucking host is donut he ate for
the next three minutes after that so how um how old was he when he died he was old seven i think
okay so if if you went uh 80 times 365 that's 30 basically 30 000 29 200 so he was doing two
interviews a day for like or three interviews a day for, I don't know.
It's set this.
Did you see that 50,000 interviews?
All right.
That they think he did.
It sounds about right.
I mean, and it's funny.
It's all about like short questions and I agree sometimes short or
better,
but I think when you have an audience who might need a little
background, cause I am the King of the fucking long question here.
I think sometimes I wasn't going after you.
I know you weren't.
No, no, I know you weren't no no
i know you weren't sometimes i ask the guest questions and like by the end of it they're
like what i ask a question so long that sometimes while i'm talking i forget the question that i
haven't even gotten same here no you can't assume your audience knows exactly what you do but it's
funny i was reading the washington post and there was a column larry king's long run made the case
that there's no such thing as a dumb question that's the column i want to bring up because I think sometimes people say, oh, that's a dumb question.
It's like, you know what?
You can think the question is dumb, but if you get a fucking great answer, who cares what the question was?
Because sometimes we ask simplistic questions and it ends up being a fantastic fucking story.
And in the Jerry Seinfeld case, he was kind of an asshole back.
So what's everyone talking about?
Well, that question, right?
asshole back so what's what's everyone talking about well that question right okay the other thing he said to biz that was really interesting was we've talked before like hey did you prepare
like we're interviewing this guy and a lot of times i'm like no he actually said he never
prepared for one interview he goes i want it to be just like the audience that was going to be
listening to the interview and know nothing going in so So some people said that was him mailing it in,
in his later years.
But there is definitely an argument where I've interviewed someone and I
know nothing.
I'm like,
I'll just find out when we're interviewing them.
Well,
that Mike,
if I know I'm going on Larry King show,
I'm going to be like,
he could say like one word and I'd talk for five,
you know,
I'm trying to be as interesting as possible.
You're not,
you're not,
it's like,
you're not,
you're not like,
okay,
yeah,
sure.
I'll agree to do Larry King and just show up. Yeah. He doesn't have to grind out interviews. That's very true. It's like you're not like, okay, yeah, sure, I'll agree to do Larry King
and just show up. Yeah, he doesn't have to grind
out interviews. That's very true.
It's funny when he had
Danny Pudi on, the kid from our community,
and he was like, what kind of extravagances
do you have? Like a private jet?
He's like, Larry, I'm on fucking DuckTales.
Larry, I'm on DuckTales.
Larry thought because he was a celebrity,
he had like zillions of dollars. He's like, Larry, I'm on DuckTales here.
It was like another classic interview, but yeah, Larry King, RIP,
a great interviewer, absolute legend.
And back to the central division, your Tampa power play is just coming along.
How do we segue that one? All right.
Aurora, Illinois, you're on the line. How about those Blackhawks?
I did mention in Grinnelli brought it up via text, had a knuckles.
Thank you for the quick plug here, Grinnelli.
I said Sagan being out was, you know,
it was not only going to delay it to where he's probably, you know,
gaining full stride going into playoffs, which I believe that they'll be in.
And it gives these younger guys opportunities in those positions
where he would be to prove themselves.
And what is Dallas noticing?
They have a lot of new players that can step up to the plate
and play in that top six role.
Like, they have done an incredible job of drafting and developing guys
because every year it seems like they've got a few new names
where it's just like, holy fuck.
What did you say, Grigoryanov?
How do you say his name?
Grigoryanov.
Grigoryanov.
Like, last year before playoffs, he was this guy.
Now all of a sudden he gets it done in playoffs,
and now he's having a start to the year.
It's like, holy fuck, another guy who's going to put 20 in the back of the net.
So they've  Nill and the Dallas organization has done an excellent job.
Very happy for our buddy Rick Bonas after coming on,
after a tough loss in the cup finals.
He looks like the team's ready to maybe go on another run after two games.
That division needs to get
started playing a little bit, though. Right now, the Blackhawks
should be in the playoffs, so you know that it really
hasn't come to form yet. They're 2-0 since
we rose to them. Kane, though, Kane is still scoring
like these backhand.
He's not slowing down one bit.
Ricochet shot, Chief.
Yeah, Chicago won, what's it,
two straight after dropping their first
four. P.S. Suter,
Swiss kid, he got a hat trick. His first
hawk to score his first three goals in the same game
since 1933.
Chicago fucking power play, getting it done.
8 for 19 at a 42
clip. That's the reason they won the last two straight.
Also, humming along here,
Columbus, Brandon Dubinsky
went to the LTIL,
long-term injury reserve.
Last week I mentioned Bobrovsky did not start the first game for Florida.
Well, I didn't know that was COVID related.
That's what he was.
It wasn't a performance thing.
So I just want to make an acknowledgement of that.
Dougie Hamilton, he had a streak of 296 straight games with a shot on goal.
Well, that was ended last week.
Failed to get a shot on.
And how about Bobby Ryan,
the first Detroit Red Wings to score four goals in his first three
appearances with the team. Nice little rebound story after what he's gone
through. Boys, I think it's like I said, a very tight, intense,
tight season so far. We've got 31 teams all between three and 10 points.
A couple of surprises. Vancouver's look rough. Jersey really hasn't.
I don't know, man. I think these playoff battles are going to go on top go down to the wire this this league is impossible right now
to hit a puck line oh i have six i have six or seven puck line bets i haven't sniffed one of
them because everyone's so evenly matched i i think playing the same team a couple games in a
row it's like it's just it's going to be a tight game so maybe i go against i've never touched a plus one and a half line for huge money it's like it makes no
sense but maybe it's just kind of gonna be the way to go for me you're gonna do something yeah
it has been tough sledding for the puck line i laid off the last few nights and yeah i actually
took sunday night off there was a lot of games it was just tough sledding but yeah i think teams are
so evenly matched.
Talk about Arizona and the Coyotes. I'm sorry, Arizona and Vegas. They play
four times in a row, man. Four times.
They're going to be tight battles no matter what, but
all right, let's move along to the North Division.
Oh, sorry.
You're just saying they play four times in a row?
Biz, I
heard today that
Bridgeport
and Hartford and Providence are the only three teams in that
division playing biz biz biz listen to this 30 game ahl season they're going 15 games against
each other you play the same two teams for 30 games.
So the Bridgeport Sound Tigers will play 30 games,
15 against Providence in Marlboro Arena and 15 against Hartford.
Can you believe that?
That's tough.
Yeah, that would get so annoying.
That is like Groundhog Day.
Yeah, I was just going to say that. And if you're just getting chewed up.
Hi, I'm Ned.
Hey, and if you're getting chewed up by the same centerman night in and night out,
you can't go to another team where you match up better.
So, yeah, that's a bit of a nightmare scenario.
So, I interrupted.
Would you go to North Division?
Where are you going to?
Yeah, I'm going to move along to the North Division.
Hey, how about those?
How about those?
Les Habitants, Montreal.
This year's Montreal Canadiens 68, 69 Canadians as the only teams in NHL history to have played the first six games
of a season on the road and get at least a point in each one.
The Canadians 29 goals for leads the NHL.
I know it's early, but are you eating any?
No, I already have.
I think I already have.
I've made it clear.
I tried to get out of that one week into the season.
And I'm going to talk about a guy who's really kind of made it
so that this team, I don't think they're going away,
and that's Nick Suzuki.
And his name briefly got brought up because I'm sure that wasn't an ask
for Columbus when shopping Pierre-Luc Dubois.
No chance.
So this guy's a first round pick.
He's from London, lit up the OHL and he's a first round pick to Vegas.
And when they made that patchy ready trade,
it's one of those things where you see this elite NHL goal scorer going,
you're like, Oh, they got Nick Suzuki. You know, we're not, we're not scouts.
We haven't seen this guy in junior world juniors. We're like, Oh man,
I hope he's good. Well, they knew exactly what they were going.
They were doing some of the praise coming out of the montreal room is nuts and cory perry really never said much i never seen a cory perry quote just said he skated with him in london he
has every skill in the book and he's the real deal and then druin's calling him a mini patrice
bergeron he's like i'm watching this guy center. He's so responsible in every part of the arena,
every part of the, all parts of the ice,
so that offensively he's like gifted
and a wizard down low,
but defensively he's grinding
to be in the right side of the puck.
And he's just this player who's now given them
like a whole other line, right?
A whole other group of forwards
are going to be able to score
and play better because of this guy.
So Jeff Petrie leads the league in points by a defenseman.
I've long said how good he was.
Edmonton getting rid of him, I still don't understand that one.
He's proven to be a huge top four defenseman
who can play tons of minutes.
And then Price.
So you can keep talking about him.
Has any other team not lost in regulation that's played games?
I don't think so.
And how about that Myers hit in the next game?
What happens?
Exactly.
Edmondson goes out, challenges him.
Even when he threw the hit, Biz, even when he threw the hit, right away.
Right away.
Evans and Leckanen, boom, they both jumped in.
It's like, all right, this team, there's something here.
Yep, absolutely.
That was the response you want from teammates biz but we were
texting about this that hit when it happened and when i saw that first replay from above i didn't
even think it was a penalty to be honest with you it was like the dops said it was a a textbook hit
with an unfortunate unfortunate result and you know the guy i thought for i thought given his
height he did a pretty good job of getting his shoulder down to where it seemed like it landed, like, you know, right near this throat area where, yeah, it's not going to look good coming from that angle.
But I mean, I don't know, man.
If we're going to start eliminating that, then it's just going to get worse and worse and worse.
And it's going to become a fucking gong show.
And pick your head up.
Like the guys like skating three or four strides looking back
i mean i don't know it's still a physical game right and people are probably just upset because
he came from the other side you know i mean fucking d on for enough remember when he used
to come if you came down on odd man rush sometimes you would come out from the other side it's like
they're essentially saying you can't cross over if you're the d anymore to make a big hit if the
guy's got his head down and for me i don't agree with it did it look they only showed
one angle i don't know remember which feed i was watching but now now on the networks they won't
reshow the big hits which is bullshit i mean you know because i probably they showed one angle and
it was the angle where i'm like okay i you know it didn't look maybe it didn't
look great from that angle but i ain't making my decision off of that and then they glanced over it
it was gone so after seeing all the clips and it was like yeah he came from the other side he caught
him with his fucking head down he you know his shoulder got low enough where i was okay with it
but once again it's just like oh it's a player safety blah blah blah it's just like shut
the fuck up wasn't the only hit and uh involved hit involved with the Canadians that raised a few eyebrows.
Brendan Gallagher hit Donnell Nurse Monday.
I thought it was a pretty ugly hit for a boarding.
I mean, the farther you away for a guy, you hit a guy boarding,
it could be way more dangerous or at least dangerous looking.
But he didn't get a fine or any supplemental discipline.
But, of course, if you look back, the game before that, what's his face?
Nurse hit Gallagher in a similar fashion,
although much closer to the boards, neither one of them goes penalized,
but did you catch either one of those hits?
I saw, I saw the one Gallagher through it was,
it was definitely like he knew what he was doing. And that is not,
uh, uh, what is the saying? That is not a tree.
You want to start climbing up? I'm making that up,
but he wants nothing to do with
darnell nurse no no nothing to do that guy is a machine so gallagher doesn't care though he's a
rat he'll get in your face do what it takes and he probably was pissed off about the head he threw
on him but like we said with montreal they're all doing that they're all playing a certain way where
they're fast and they're hard to play against.
Since we're on the rat subject, listen, Kachuk, I don't know if you guys saw in front of the net,
Campbell makes the save and he gets like pushed.
And next thing you know, he's got both his knees on Campbell's back just swimming like the monkey buzz. And then after the game, he's like, I was so pissed after the game.
He said something like it's Bush League.
You guys to even this is typical with me. After the game, he said something like, it's Bush League, you guys, to even
this is typical with me.
You try to say I'm doing it on purpose.
I'll say this.
I was trying to score the tying goal, which unfortunately didn't happen for my team,
which is pretty legit.
He's kind of got the Corey Perry syndrome,
where he just so happens to find himself in those situations.
And he's like, I was just playing hard, and I got pushed on the net.
But I'm curious to know if Wayne Train is going to be knocking next game. situations and he's like well i was just playing hard and i got pushed on the net but uh i i i'm
curious to know if wayne train is going to be uh knocking next game if against i think they're
playing again what tonight nhls yeah ottawa and winnipeg are the only game on monday night yeah
oh okay that's good the only yeah he's like the nhls oracle didn't i do that
uh speaking of uh toronto mitch monisess He's got 10 goals
I'm sorry, 10 points so far
He leads the league, tied with the league lead
Jumbo Joe Thornton has gone to the LTIR
He's out with a fractured rib
Austin Matthews missed Friday's game
For precautionary reasons
But he came back Sunday
And the Toronto Power Play biz
At a 9 for 22 clip
41 pretty good stuff.
I mean, they should with that talent.
And Wayne Simmons got his first goal at Maple Leafs.
It was his 100th Power Play goal and his 500th NHL point.
Congrats to the Wayne train on that.
But Connor McDavid, I don't know if you guys watched him Sunday night.
He didn't score, but he doesn't need to score to be dominant.
23 minutes, 24 seconds of ice time.
This is from Dmitry filipovich who's a great
twitter follow he had three primary assists he set up the time goal with three minutes and five
seconds left set up the winner with 0.8 seconds left drew two penalties seven shot attempts high
danger chances 11 to 3 with him on the ice i mean we're gonna stroke him off every episode but that
was just a performance by him that i don't in line that gets me horned up enough to get an analytics exactly that line get the jergens out uh quickly
going back to toronto though like you got to acknowledge when they've addressed things and
it's worked out like jack campbell as a backup he's i think he's already got two wins he's played
great in both games and that was i think that was a throw-in with the Muzzin deal. So you know what I'm saying?
They had to address, to me, toughness, depth, and backup goaltending,
and they're getting it right now.
So Leafs look really good.
And hopping over to McDavid, yeah, that's a big end to the game
because they didn't necessarily have the best start to the year,
but it seems as if the two-headed the the two the two-headed monster is
starting to cook and it set an oilers team record it was before they had had two guys score goals
with uh two seconds left so with technically one second left remaining they that was their
like closest to the end of the game winner of all time of course it's drait style can't say his name
cologne and they looked like disheveled, too, because they gave up the lead late.
And you're like, oh, my God.
And then just McDavid takes over.
So their record when both of those guys get multiple points is out of this world.
So it's pretty much like if you can shut down sort of.
And by shut down, I mean keep McDavid and Dreitzel to one point each.
You're fine.
But once they both get multiple points, you're losing.
That's how it works.
So trade for Hall of Toronto.
I don't know if you guys have seen the memes going around.
So both games against Toronto, I think they've been matched up.
And I think McDavid's gone pointless or hasn't gotten multiple points.
So that's kind of  now I'm waiting for the next game
because I don't know if McDavid's the petty type,
so maybe he'll attack him every goddamn time.
And I took that one personally.
Yeah, I put up a six-piece against him.
So, Paul Villarvi, that's a name that's been coming up.
He seems to have a way better attitude.
He's just trying to chip in.
I mean, mind you, I think he got bumped up to that top line,
and he was part of that last sequence when they ended up tying it up.
So he's another guy, if they're going to do any type of damage,
he has to start having an impact because they've got to start adding these depth guys.
But he's a name that a lot of positive things being said about him in the last week or two.
Yeah, and he shouldn't just be a depth guy of where he was drafted.
He was thrown on McDavid's line at the end of the game before that,
and then they played the last game together.
And McDavid said,
he's like,
it's the best game I've ever seen him play on the four check.
That's what he's doing.
He's like tenacious.
He's getting in there and he's causing turnovers and kind of just causing
havoc where then all of a sudden McDavid's getting space.
And he even said,
Connor in the interviews,
it's going to be great to see him,
you know,
bang one home at some point,
he's going to just give him a tap. And that's a guarantee.
So I think you're going to need to see this kid produce like skillful plays
and create a little bit more, but at least now he's a better skater.
His English is also better.
We talked about that before the season.
I think we went back to Finland and he played there and he feels more
comfortable off the ice, which only can help you playing,
but to get a chance to on that top line if you can just score a couple and really
continue to make mcdavid happy where if he likes playing with you that's not going to change it's
like the kunitz thing just like work hard make sure you're in the right areas make sure you get
him the puck and you're gonna end up it's pretty hard to fuck up if you're just doing those things
right you're if you're you're gonna put up if you have you're going to put up 40, 50 points on that line guaranteed.
Well, we're in the midst of talking about the Canadian division right now
or the North division.
We failed to mention we're going to be bringing on one of Canada's most
famous hockey journalist ever, Bob McKenzie, the Bob father, Uncle Bob.
Going to get to him shortly.
I know it's a little late tease, but either way,
we know you're going to appreciate it.
Just bouncing around with the division a little more.
Vancouver, man, they've lost five of six.
33 goals against is 10 more than the next most goals given up by a team.
They've already used nine defensemen.
Even though one of them is Quinn Hughes, he's already got 60 points in 78 games,
the fifth quickest to get to that number in the last 35 years.
But Vancouver is struggling struggling on the gate boys
they look lost right now they're just all over the place just like no identity um our boy pd has not
got off to the best start i just read something that he switched agents with did you read that
yeah so he went to um paperson and is it jp barry i, yeah. And that ironically is the same agent as Quinn Hughes,
same agency.
So now these guys' contracts are ending at the same time.
Or is it the same time?
Either way, they'll be ending close to the same time
if it's not the same year.
And it does change leverage a little bit, right?
Where you got both these guys going together.
It will change the the whole
dynamic whereas you're not gonna have if you had one guy sit out to start a year it's not ideal but
it could happen you cannot have two guys sitting out and with them being with the same agency one
of them's not gonna sign and the other guy will you know what i'm saying if ash brothers you gotta
get you gotta get both of those dudes done so that changes it a bit um they lost they lost markstrom i said that was a downgrade
in net they got holpe and yeah the team we said that would probably be a little bit of a down
year at least i did i didn't think that they were they would have the same group as last year just
based on what they lost look how good to foley's playing so he's a guy in the grand he wasn't there the whole time but i just i just think that if you look at a team that was kind
of destined to take a little bit of a step back it's them and it's so early in the season and
when when pedersen gets going it's like things could completely change but right now they don't
look good yeah they don't have they don't have anything going and in the move some of the moves
they made when you get new guys it takes a little while to get adjusted right like
you know the guy behind you how's he playing the puck to the defenseman now you got schmidt in there
who's lugging a lot of ice who you know he's got to fit in and somehow find a way to work himself
uh you know better in that system he hasn't been off to the hottest start so all the pieces that
they lost and that they've replaced they haven't worked out yet and including maybe not as much production from from some of the young bucks but you know it's like you said
wait it's still very very early in this north division yeah there's tons of time man and that's
the thing is like i said teams might be having a hot hot start or not a hot stop at ottawa you
know they won their first game a lot of positivity and they haven't won since but you know there's
still a two three game winning streak from being they haven't won since. But, you know, there's still a two, three-game winning streak
from being right back in the thick of things.
So, you know, we'll keep an eye on everything as we always do.
And, hey, listen, everybody wants to keep their home and family safe,
especially these days.
Whether it's from a break-in, fire, flooding, or a medical emergency,
SimpliSafe Home Security delivers award-winning 24-7 protection.
With SimpliSafe, you don award-winning 24-7 protection.
With SimpliSafe, you don't just get an arsenal of cameras and sensors.
You get the best professional monitors in the business.
They get you back day and night, ready to send police, fire, or EMTs whenever you need them right away, straight to your door.
If you're like me and you don't even own a toolbox, yeah, I'm not.
I don't like screwdrivers, hammers, just not my bag. But either way, don't fret because hooking this stuff up is super easy. SimpliSafe has an arsenal of
cameras and sensors that protect every inch of your home. You can set it up yourself in about
30 minutes. It's super easy, like I said. And then SimpliSafe's professionals take over. They
monitor your home 24-7 and they're ready to send help immediately whenever there's an alarm. Plus
with SimpliSafe, there's no long-term commitment,
no hidden fees, and no installation costs.
Right now, our listeners get a free home security cam
when you purchase a SimpliSafe system at simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E dot com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
You get a 60 day risk retrial.
So there's nothing to lose.
Visit simply safe.com slash chicklets for your free security camera today. Once more time for the people on the back,
that's simply safe.com slash chicklets.
Nice.
All right.
Great execution there.
I'm getting good at it finally after five years,
but boys, this was a personal thrill for me, Bob execution there. I'm getting good at it finally after five years, but boys,
this was a personal thrill for me, Bob McKenzie. I don't,
there's nothing to add. Let's go to the minor.
The minor hockey league story is a 20 out of 10. Yeah. No, no complaint here.
All right. Without further ado, Mr. Bob McKenzie.
Well, it's a real honor to bring on our next guest for my money.
He's the best hockey reporter the sport has ever seen.
Over the last 40 years, you've read him in print and online.
You've seen him on TSN and NBC.
And you've heard him break down the draft and free agency with equal aplomb.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Bob McKenzie.
How are we doing, my friend?
Excellent, R.A.
That was a very fine introduction. Well read.
You used some really big words, the plumb.
So it's obvious that Biz has been helping you out with that.
Oh, you're taking shots already? Okay, Bobby Margarita.
You think Biz knows Bobby Margarita?
I was going to say, which nickname should we have given you off the hop here?
Because I hear that you create one with the alcohol you're drinking at the time.
Bobby Margarita being a more famous one online, of course.
Yeah, and the funny thing is I drink a lot more wine than Margarita.
But the one year after free agency, it was like July 1st, free agency, it's over.
I get to the cottage, and just for a l lark I might have mixed up a margarita and
and on twitter I just changed my name instead of Bob McKenzie at TSM Bob McKenzie just said
Bobby Margarita and everybody kind of went nuts and kind of stuck so um it's it's actually kind
of funny but I've had a lot of nicknames some of them not so complimentary over the years but
that's one of them.
You must be switched over to the Reds by now, though,
with the weather cooling down a bit.
I stick with Reds year-round.
Bob, I heard that you can give the advice on any great bottle of wine under 50, and considering how well your career has gone,
you have not turned into a wine snob.
Oh, I'm a bit of a wine snob, but not a big one.
I don't know that much.
I know what I like.
And I try to learn more and get more involved.
I'll tell you what I am is, this is a bad thing to admit,
but I'm a wine glass snob.
I would rather drink a 30 bottle of wine out of an 80 glass
than an 80 bottle of wine out of a 30 glass so there's these
glasses called zolto and they're like they're one piece and they're the stem is really thin and
they're really strong but it really enhances the the douchey wine wine drinking so not a mason jar
no not a mason jar i've been known to drink rum and cokes out of a mason jar so
um but i i've got one of these and there's another one they've got different types
this is way off topic early on but what the hell here we go um it's an actual glass that doesn't
have a stem and it's got a little bit of a flat spot on the bowl of the the thing so you can you
you can hold on to this wine glass and swirl it and it's got like just a
little knob on the bottom and it's got a flat spot on the side so you can lay down on a 45 degree
angle with the wine in it and it sits perfectly and my pal frank cerebelli at tsn thinks it's a
great glass and he said to me you know that glass has just the right amount of douche in it. And it's so true.
I still love it.
That's my type of glass, Biz.
That's my type of glass.
Biz would drink Camus out of a Solo cup,
so you don't even worry about him.
We're already making them with Chiclets logos on them as we speak.
We'll have you sign a couple like they're some of your books.
I can't believe I'm on with a legend that has i i sent with a month or two ago i was driving from where i live on balsam lake into tsn and i
was driving right through port perry and and there's a place called the trading post there and
they've got a big billboard out and it's usually like you know coconut coconut shrimp, three 99 a pound or whatever. And, and blazing in big letters. It's like, we have pink Whitney here.
So I took a picture of the sign and sent it to wit.
Cause I knew he'd get a kick out of it. I said, you truly are a legend.
You made it. Yeah. Even in port, even in port Perry,
you're on a goddamn billboard. Yeah. Pink Whitney made it up there.
You didn't,
you left out the part that you just ripped it right in there
to grab a bottle, but I think it's funny.
You bring up, like, July 1st and get into your cabin,
and for so long now, you've done the whole season,
the deadline, the cup finals, then the free agency.
Has it always been that after that, boom, you're shutting it down,
no phone?
Are you putting the phone away? Are you not even checking texts and stuff yeah for the most part but i mean you
gotta yeah exactly when you were on you never fully put it away but yeah you would send the
very strong message and the longer the longer you're yeah the longer i was at tsn and and what
have you but actually there's a funny story on that. So I was working at the Toronto Star and the Hockey News.
I always had two jobs most of the time.
At the Hockey News, they used to call me Two Job Bob
because I had a full-time job at the Hockey News
and later the Toronto Star and then back at the Hockey News.
But I was also working like almost full-time hours at TSN.
That was through the late 80s and all of the 90s.
hours at TSN. That was through the late 80s and all of the 90s. So in around 2000, it was just crazy, too much work, getting too much. And I told TSN, listen, either you guys are going to have to
hire me, you're going to have to buy all my time, or I'm out of here. And so we were having a
negotiation. And as part of that, I put in part of the negotiation that I get nine weeks off in the summer,
that from July 2nd, the day after free agency,
until the day after labor day, I'm off. And so one of the,
one of the, the guy was negotiating with was fine with it,
but there was another guy at TSN and he looked at it and he wanted to know
why that was the case. So the, the,
one of the big bosses said to me,
you're going to have to talk to this guy and kind of massage him a little bit because he doesn't think you should get the whole summer off.
He thinks it's ridiculous.
So I'm having that conversation.
He goes, OK, explain to me why you need all of July and all of August off.
And I said, well, you know, it's a really demanding job and I've been doing it a long time and I want to do it a long time.
And if you don't allow yourself to recharge,
the burnout factor will be really huge. And, you know,
I've got to worry about my health and I want to do this for a really long
time. And he goes, and the guy, the guy was totally unimpressed.
And he's like, yeah, well, you know what?
We all work hard and we all work a hundred hours a week and I don't get to,
I don't get two months of the year off, you know,
so, you know, convince me otherwise.
And nobody knows your name, bud.
I said, I said, okay, here's, here's another way to go about it.
Then I currently have a full-time job at the hockey news and I've got a
full-time job at TSN. And if you don't hire me here,
I'm quitting and I'm going to work at the hockey news full-time.
And if I don't get the two months off, then I'm gone. And he goes, okay,
I like that answer a lot better.
Maybe he just wanted to hear you say it.
And then, and then you became the Bob father at that,
at that moment there you got the night.
It was like the door shutting at the end of the real God father. Yeah.
Two. Is that two RA when the wife's looking at him becoming like the monster? Yeah. That's no, that's the end of, uh Godfather? Yeah. Is that 2RA? When the wife's looking at him
becoming like the monster?
Yeah, no, that's the end of 2,
when he shuts the door in case.
He got home that night,
the horse's head is in his bed.
Okay, you went a little far, man.
Jesus.
Bob, I want to ask,
how hard is it just to kind of downshift
that scoop switch after 40 years
and not impulsively report on everything that you've been doing?
You know what?
There's an element of that.
I will grant you that.
It was a weird year to semi-retire because of the pandemic.
And I was supposed to be off July 2nd and be done, but we hadn't even had the return to play in July 2nd.
And I went back and worked for a few weeks late July or
early August and then on August 10th or 11th I was I was done semi-retired and and so right after
that I was still like you know somebody might call me and say hey this is going on and I'm like oh I
gotta tell somebody and I'm like no I don't and and that but it wasn't that difficult because part
of the reason why I want to semi wanted to semi retire is because I didn't want to be a slave to my phone. I didn't want to go to a family function and worry about everything that was going on. It's all consuming. And it wears just wears you down after a while. And so, you know, and, you know, and some of it's really fun. Like if you get a really big scoop, or it's a trade or something, something with a lot of juice. You're really charged up and excited about it.
But the reality is, and my pals Darren Drager, Pierre Lebrun, Frank Cervalli,
and the guys that do this at the other networks and everywhere else,
what they're going through right now is more of what it's really all about.
And that is this day-to-day hell of, okay, are we playing?
When are we playing?
When's the season going to start?
What's it going to look like?
And every day it's Groundhog and and you're there and you're
harassing the people from the league and you're harassing the people from the clubs you're
harassing the guys from the PA and you're trying to get that information and more days than not
it's just like it's like a death march and you're like this is terrible this is a terrible way to
live my life I'm spending 10-12 hours a day and I got nothing to show for it at the end and we all know at some point they're going to play and we're going to
have the thing but you're you're you're just constantly trying to figure it out I was going
to ask what was your favorite story to break and then what was one that you had to hold back that
was so big but you thought that it might have burnt a personal relationship. And if you, if you can't say it now, all good, but what had, had there ever been one?
You know what biz, it's really funny. And, and, um, I get asked a lot, um, by young people in
the business or, you know, journalism schools or whatever, when I talk to young people, uh,
you know, what advice I might have for them. And one of the things that I've come to learn
because of questions that you just asked
is keep a journal, write shit down.
Because honestly, I get this question a lot
since I've retired, you know,
what's the biggest story you ever broke?
I don't remember.
I don't remember hardly any of them.
I'm sure if I really sat down and really thought about it
or went
through you know went through tsn.ca the the archive stories or whatever or my twitter account
that oh yeah that was really big or that but now that I'm here I don't really remember many of them
uh I'll tell you what the one of the hardest stories I ever broke was and that I didn't want to break
but I did was when TSN lost the national rights um to Rogers and and I was I was coming back from
a CHL Ontario Hockey League stars versus the Russians in November it was in Sudbury and I was driving in a snow storm down highway, the 400 highway 69. And, um, and I,
I knew we were losing the rights and I,
and I officially got it nailed partway home on that ride.
And it was like a full fledged blizzard.
So now I pulled over to the side of the road, um, in this, you know,
crazy blizzard.
And I'm there with my old BlackBerry
with my hard keyboard and my two thumbs.
And I'm typing out tweets that basically says
TSN is out of the national rights game.
And so I forget how many years ago it was,
probably what, five, six years ago,
six years, maybe, I'm not sure.
But that was a really hard one.
That was a really hard one to break, but really hard one to, to, to break,
but I had it nailed. And so I broke it.
You broke my trade from fucking Anaheim to Edmonton.
So everyone knows I got dealt from Pittsburgh to Anaheim and then I'm there.
And then, you know, we actually had a pretty good run that playoff,
but then the next season we stunk, I stunk. Pronger was gone.
And I'm being told, all right, well, you're not getting traded.
You're not getting traded.
And all of a sudden at like 2.30, you wrote Wisniewski and Ryan Whitney
and Anaheim look, keep saying put.
I'm like, yes.
And then the 3.30 Eastern.
I don't even know how those things happened.
30 minutes later, it was Bob McKenzie, Ryan Whitney to Edmonton.
I was like oh my god
that's how you found out through his tweet yeah oh man so I don't even I I don't even remember
oh no you never would you've done it I mean how many of those have you done I
but but if somebody asked me how did you break that wit story i probably would have said yeah well wit told me or his dad told me exactly yeah wit called right when he heard let me know let me break the news
how is the old man by the way he's good he told me to say hello um for people who i guess nobody
knows but you you and him became buddies at halifax the the one of the most electric atmosphere world juniors in the history of the tournament.
Yeah, we started there.
And then I think we got hooked up at your draft,
the draft party or whatever.
Yeah, that was before that tournament.
You're right, that was that summer before.
Yeah, and then we, because your brother played at Cornell
and my son Mike played at St.
Lawrence and they played against each other,
I would be in the rinks and we started hanging out. And we actually had Whitney McKenzie went out for a bit of a rip in Canton,
New York.
That was a better night.
Yeah, at the Hoot Owl.
So it's a great spot.
And I think we might've done the same in Ithaca.
What were the  this is what happens when you get to be 64,
you forget things.
But the twins at Cornell that played with your brother.
The Devon brothers.
The Devon brothers.
Yeah, yeah.
Chuck Devon.
Chuck Devon, yeah.
So I went
Great people.
Actually, and I think we might have
in Canton, there might have been one in Hamilton, New York too.
But anyways, lots of good times with Chuck and your dad and what have you.
So I'll give my best to him for sure.
He's a great guy.
I will.
That World Junior also, Big Dan Whitney came up to me after one of the games.
He had somehow been sitting near or with Scotty Bowman.
He's like, your son's a hell of a player.
He's like, Bo, Scotty Bowman said you're good.
It's unbelievable.
Scotty Bowman.
I was so fired up.
That's awesome.
Bob, the job at its essence is pretty much the same,
but the technology has definitely made it a lot easier.
But are there any aspects of the job you wish kind of stayed old school?
Well, the technology has made it easier, I guess,
but it's also made it harder.
And when I say harder, more work.
Because what happened is in the media before,
like the media guys used to be just on the clock.
So, you know, and you would punch out.
So if you were a hockey writer and you covered the team,
you'd go to practice, you'd write your story
and you'd go home and that would
be it probably for the day.
Same thing, you go to do
a game. So you go cover a game,
game's over, you file your story, you go home,
boom, it's done.
Along the way, social media,
the internet, I mean, I'm so old that
I remember being at the Hockey News
and the reporters
used to mail their stories to us you know that's how out of date stuff was um or they'd use a
telecopier which was the forerunner of a fax faxes hadn't even been invented it took either four
minutes or six minutes to send a page and the quality was terrible but we'd get that and then
somebody would have to type it into a system at the other end and that's how we would get the stories so you know the advent of the internet and ultimately
social media turned everybody into having immediate news breaking capability in your hand
and in you know where before the only way to find out what was going on in another city was to pick
up your hardwired phone and call another reporter and on his hardwired phone
and talk about what's going on in his city and and now it's like you know i can if you follow
the right people you can you get real-time updates in practice hey sydney crosby just
blocked a shot in practice he's gone to the room hold their breath oh it, it's okay. He's back. He just had a pee.
Yeah. So it's just, it's just endless now. And so, so,
and that's a good thing, I guess, for news and information, but in terms of how much more everybody has to work,
I feel bad for beat writers used to have the easiest,
not the easiest job in the world, but they used to have a great job.
You just go to practice, file a story, call it a day, go to go to the bar you know and that's back when hockey players actually drank after practice
so did the media um but now it's now it's like you're never off you know guys like like mike
russo and others it's 24 7 baby you're the you know you got to know everything of everything
that's going on all the time uh you mentioned the earlier days uh i was talking to sean about this funny story regarding
gretzky during the series with the leafs when he was playing with the los angeles kings
you probably know what story i'm talking about that was ended up printed in one of the newspapers
oh yeah that was you want me to tell that story oh i want you to tell the whole thing because i think
these guys are going to have quite the chuckle okay so i i go to the um i'm working at tsn
and the toronto star simultaneously it's the 93 stanley cup playoffs and part of my deal
and the star didn't love it but it was part of my deal was listen in in in may i've got to go cover
the memorial cup for tsn we had the rights for the memorial cup so i i was off doing the memorial cup
and the leaf series with the king started and um i was picking it up in uh i want to say picking it up in game five at Maple Leaf Gardens.
So I'm just parachuted in, but, you know, I'm a pro,
so I make sure I do my homework. I called, you know, I think I probably talked to Barry Melrose
and talked to whoever was the GM of the Kings at the time, I forget now,
was the GM of the Kings at the time I forget now and and uh you know Cliff Fletcher and and Pat Burns and and and media people and so I had a really good feel for what happened in the first
four games so I didn't feel like I was going in too cool so it's game five and it looks like it's
going to overtime now so I I kind of decided before the night started I'm a columnist I gotta have some ideas before
the night started the two themes for me were as follows on the king side Gretzky was playing okay
but not like Gretzky and Dave Andruschuk wasn't really doing a lot for hadn't done a lot for the
Leafs and he was their 50 goal guy and whatever so I had it in my mind that if either one of these
guys didn't have a good game that might be a really good column to do.
So as the game wore on, I didn't think Gretzky was playing
particularly well, and I didn't think Andrzejczak
was playing very well.
So the game's going to overtime, but I'm on deadline.
And so the deal is, like, you don't have a lot of time
to do a column.
So in the intermission between the end
of regulation and the start of overtime I basically had to write two columns one if they
one if the Kings win and one if Andrew sorry if the Leafs win and so so I started writing and I
wrote a a column about the framework of a column about Gretzky.
And I wrote a framework of a column about Andrzej Czach.
And both of them, I wouldn't say they were rip jobs, but because I'm usually not a guy that rips people crazily.
But, you know, they were critical pieces that if the Leafs lose, then Andrzej Czach needed to do more and needs to do more.
They're going to lose this series. And if the Kings lose, Gretzky needs to do more and on.
So as I said, I felt pretty good about both columns,
but it's hard to write a column that fast.
Anyways, as fate would have it, the Leafs score in overtime.
And so it's the Gretzky piece that goes.
So now the first edition of it, I just send it without any quotes.
And I thought I was being like really respectful because it's goddamn Wayne Gretzky.
You better be respectful.
And so I basically said, listen, I'm not saying Gretzky's washed up.
I'm not saying that he stinks.
I'm not saying any of these things.
But I'm just telling you,
he looks to me like there's something wrong with him,
but if there's not, you know, whatever.
And I did a critical analysis of some shift-by-shift stuff,
and I said the line that was in there that really ended up becoming
the touchstone was he's skating around like he's got a piano on his back.
So the piece runs. i go down to the room
and i thought i better go talk to brett and and find out if there's something wrong with him or
whatever so i go to the king's room in maple leaf gardens and i i'm asking him and i could tell as
soon as i asked him he looked the he gave me the little you know hairy eyeball look and as if to
say like why are you asking that he goes no
i'm fine i'm fine everything's good and i'm like oh okay and so i go up and i put his quotes in or
whatever and send it off so so the story goes and now we're flying the next day to la and and we're
going for game six and i hear through the grapevine that Wayne's not too happy.
And Mike Barnett's not too happy as agent.
The piano in the back line didn't go over very well.
And Wayne always knew everything that was said about him.
And I used to joke that, you know, Wayne had rabbit ears and thin skin,
in addition to being like the greatest player that ever played the game.
So anyways, the story goes, now it's game six.
And of course, that's the famous game where Terry Fraser would tell you the rest of it.
You know, over time, the high stick on Gilmore doesn't get called.
And we're going back for game seven to maple
leaf gardens so i can remember it's saturday morning and by now i've heard very strongly that
team gretzky is livid like livid and i'm like oh boy you really want to piss off
all right we're moving we're moving out of canada now yeah so anyways i'm like i'm like okay so i
remember it was saturday morning and i can remember very clearly i was going to get my haircut
and the guy was cutting my hair says oh big game tonight game seven leafs kings and and keep in
mind if the leafs win this they're going to the stanley cup against the Montreal Canadiens. It's going to be a Toronto-Montreal Stanley Cup final.
And so I'm getting my haircut, and the guy's going, oh, man,
it's going to be so awesome.
I think the Leafs are going to win tonight.
And I said, nope.
And he goes, what do you mean?
I go, no, they're not going to win.
And he goes, yeah, I think they're good.
I go, not a fucking chance.
And he goes, why?
And I go, because Gretzky's really really really pissed off
and when gretzky gets pissed off oh it's gonna be all over i said it's gonna be so bad for the
tonight yeah and and of course what happened wayne gretzky i forget the goals and points you
guys can look it up but i know he had three goals yeah and the last
one he came around from behind the net and he he banked it off dave ellett's back of his leg
intentionally and into the net and i still i'm not sure but i have a funny feeling that he looked up
at the press box briefly after he did that um but but the the the gist of the story is that he played what he will tell you was the
greatest game of hockey he's ever played in the national hockey league game seven against the
toronto maple leaf that's a that's a great story that you're behind part of that so now so now i
go i go down to the now i i should have gone, I should have gone to the King's room
to let him say or do whatever he was going to do.
But I'm working for the Toronto Star, and the story, as much as it was Gretzky,
you know, torpedoing the Leafs, I had to go to the Leafs room
and talk to Wendell Clark and Doug Gilmore and Pat Burns and whatever.
I didn't have a lot of time.
So I went down and I did that.
And I went into the room, and I want to say it was Mark Osborne more and pat burns and whatever i didn't have a lot of time so i went down and i did that and um
i went into the room and i i will want to say it was mark osborne who was playing for the least
of time and he looked at me and he goes this is all your fault and he wasn't he was not kidding
you pissed him off and and this is what this is what became of it so i'm like okay back up to the
thing and then i finished put the quotes in, call it a night, whatever.
So now I'm going to cover this.
And Gretzky afterwards was quoted as saying,
you know, the piano man had one more tune.
I don't know if it was Gretzky.
Mike Barnett, I think, was quoted as saying to somebody,
the piano man had one more tune in him or something.
And whatever.
I think Gretzky might have said in a post-game interview,
like, nice that I got the piano off my piano off you got the nice idea you got the piano off his back so but but it goes a step further so now I'm going to Montreal for the cup final
Kings and Canadians Canadians have got the home ice advantage so they're starting in Montreal
and and but I didn't I wasn't there for the media day. I was going in the day after,
I had something to do with TSN or something.
So I was going in for the first day and the media day was the day before.
And it's not like media day now where it's like, you know, every player,
it's like a couple of guys get interviewed and Gretzky of course was going to
be one of them. And, and, and,
and Gretz more or less teed off on me at the media day.
And so I was like, okay, whatever.
You guys won, Wayne. Relax.
No, but hey, it all goes to the territory.
And the funny story is that before game seven in Toronto, L.A.,
I wrote that column that I wrote.
Steve Simmons from the Toronto Sun actually wrote a column that was like off the charts more critical than what I was.
And we sometimes joke about it, but I got all this attention, focus, whatever, and his kind of flew right under the radar, but that's another story.
So anyways, during the cup final,
I got the strong sense that when I was in a scrum that Wayne was not talking
to me or looking at me, which was unusual because I'd known Wayne a long time
and he was always, he's the best.
Like in terms of media relations, you're not going to get a better he's the best like in terms of media relations you're
not going to get a better to have the best player in the game like that be as good as he was with
the media as often as he was was just incredible so i knew i was in the doghouse and he was pissed
off but that was fine and i went back and reread the column many times and in fact i cut the column
out and i put it in my wallet after the fact to carry it around with me as a reminder that if you
do your homework and you're
confident in what you're doing um you know you got nothing to apologize to anybody for the next year
I remember um I didn't have occasion to run into Wayne face to face or whatever but the next time
that I did cross paths with him was when he was about to break 40 house record. And I got sent by the star to LA. And so I was there and.
I hadn't seen him or talked to him the whole time. And he, of course,
he broke it that night and we're all in the room for the.
Big media room in LA. And there's famous pictures of Gretz.
You always remember he had the white suspenders on and he had his,
he took his top half off. He took his skates off, but he had his pants and his shin pads still on.
And he came into the room and he saw me and he looked and I looked at him and I was like,
I wonder what he's going to say or do here. And he just came over and he gave me a little bit of
a hug and he said, Hey, pop, thanks very much for coming on. I really appreciate it. It's great to
have you here. And I was like, okay, we're all good now. Nice. I don't have to go through the rest of the press.
I know from experience, there's no worse feeling in the world
than a reporter coming up to you and saying, hey, you injured?
You feeling healthy?
You're just like, is it that bad?
Cover the feet, Ryan.
Oh, man.
Bob, do folks in Toronto still blame you for the drought?
A lot of people do.
It's funny.
Yeah, we had that one.
Kerry Fraser and Bob McKenzie, they screwed up the dream season in 93.
That was unbelievable hockey.
Leaf team was so much fun to watch.
Wendell and Dougie Gilmore and, oh, my God, and against the Kings.
And Wendell was just a beast in that series and so was Gilmore.
And that was, you know, the dead puck era
kind of started shortly thereafter that.
The game really took a turn for the worse.
You know, we went through that stretch
of like four or five Stanley Cup finals
that were sweeps, you know,
and it was at 95, 96 or in and around there.
And, but 93 was a fantastic time to
watch the national hockey league and the kings and the leaps and the canadians and to think of
the fun even in that final you know with the stick measurement and you know that you know
you know shit like that doesn't happen now um i read today about this Phil Esposito story.
And that was kind of old school as well.
I don't know how many people who are listening know this,
but this was a little bit more intense than the Gretzky situation.
That's for sure.
Yeah, this one got up to level.
Long story short, I charged Phil Esposito with assault.
That's assault.
How much time have we got here here this may be a long story if i if i like those ones okay so
we're trying to think what's the best order to tell this story and so phil was the boss man of
the tampa bay lightning and i knew phil and and two things I should point out the first thing I should point
out as I tell this story me and Phil are great right now no no problems there which is which
is good because as a kid growing up in Canada in the 1972 summit series I was 16 years old
and and and when Phil Esposito went off on the fans in Vancouver after game four,
because they got booed off the ice, I was sitting at home going,
yeah, you tell him, Phil, don't be booing Team Canada.
And Phil, for me, the big bad Bruins, and I love Bobby Orr,
and Esposito on the slot.
And Phil was one of my all-time great hockey heroes,
which made it that much more
difficult to charge him with assault I guess but um I was covered I was working at the Toronto Star
and I want to say it was right around the same time I forget what year it was 92 93 whatever
94 whenever the lightning were in the league but anyways um so Phil was getting a rough ride from what you guys or a lot of people like to refer to as the Canadian media, which in many cases back then was always the Toronto media.
And I'd written some stuff about Phil.
The one thing that really stuck in his craw when I was at the Hockey News, I wrote a column and I said, time for a confession.
I think Espo is a lousy gm
and it was basically a story saying that you know i thought that jimmy rutherford and peter carmanos
and the compu work group should have gotten the franchise in florida not phil and the japanese
owners and i thought they made a mistake the league made a mistake when they did that and
then i talked a little bit about how phil persona non grata in Sault Ste. Marie
his hometown I covered the Sioux Greyhounds I'm not from the Sioux but covered them back then and
and you know Phil was in trouble with his hometown guys because he was he he was uh he owned the
Greyhounds and then he was I think you know things didn't go well and he wanted to move the team and
people were like you know really upset about that.
So I did write some stuff that must have ticked Phil off.
But I think Phil got it in his mind that I probably was responsible for every bad thing that had been written about him since he took over the Tampa Bay Lightning from the Toronto media and the Canadian media.
So I always say this is Basil McRae's fault because Basil McRae broke
his leg really badly that season and it was after the game the game was over Toronto Tampa Maple Leaf
Gardens I'd done my story it wasn't a particularly earth-shattering night the only reason I went to
the Tampa Bay Lightning dressing room because I wanted to go see Rob Ramage and get a phone call
a phone number for Basil McRae to see if, to see if Basil had a badly broken leg.
I wanted to see how Basil was doing.
So I go down and I'm talking to Rob Ramage and asking about Basil.
And all of a sudden Phil comes into the room and he sees me and he looks at
me and you could tell he was fired up.
His cheeks were red and his eyes were kind of like, and he's like,
he goes, you get the fuck out of my room.
And I'm like, Whoa, where did this come from? What's going on?
I don't even know. He's mad at me. Nevermind, you know, raging bull.
And, and so I'm like, Phil, what's the problem? Like,
you just get out of here. I don't want you in here. This is my room.
You get out. And I'm, so now I got my backup and I'm like, Phil, I said,
I'm allowed to be in the dressing room. I'm just talking to Rob here.
I'm just trying to get Basil McRae's number. And he's going,
get the fuck out of here. And, and I go, no, I'm not getting out, you know,
threw off. He's yelling at me and I'm yelling at him. And, you know,
he's coming towards me rather menacingly. And, and, and,
and I'm like a little bit backing up a little bit, like the Phil's a big man.
And all of a sudden I realized this thing's escalated.
He's not messing around here.
And, you know, he comes up and he basically kind of,
he would say he shoved me.
I would say that he drilled me in the neck lower jaw area with the heel that's a pretty
big discrepancy it's like one of these like one of those yeah when i gave me one of the
let's get rough and rowdy going g hit me in the jaw the neck and whatever and he knocked me down
like that's shocking but so so i go i go i'm going back and and i managed to hold myself from going
completely down i got my arms
to brace my fall and I was there and I was kind of like laying back like this and Phil's like
coming after me again and I'm like oh my so I jump up really quick and now Rob Ramage and a couple of
other guys jump on his back and they've got him and I'm looking at him and he's like trying to
get at me and he's swearing and yelling at me and i'm like oh jesus christ phil esposito wants to kill me what am i what's what's my play here like it's
funny the things that go through your mind i just i'd only been working at tsn for like four or five
six years and it was part-time so it's funny the things that go through your mind but i was there
and i thought i might have to fight phil esposito here. I'm not a tough guy. I'm the opposite of tough.
I'm soft.
I got cut from my minor Bantam team because I was too soft.
And so I'm under no illusion whatsoever that I'm a tough guy.
But if somebody's going to do harm to you,
you might have to stand up for yourself at some point.
And so I'm weighing the thing.
And I had this one moment where he was right
there and i thought like i could punch fellas you know right in the nose so hard right now because
his arms were being held it wouldn't be the sucker i needed all that i needed all the help i could
get you would have been hey that that's good that's good uh holding yourself back so i i all my tv money flashed before my eyes and uh and and i i decided
no i'm not gonna do it and and then he's yelling get out get out get out and i go no i'm not getting
out and rob ramage finally said to me bob would you get the hell out of here and i go okay rob
since you asked nicely i will so i leave and i go out and i'm like whoa what just happened so i'm i
was pretty rattled and so I walked out and I'm
walking I walked out by the Wood Street exit of Maple Leaf Garden didn't leave the building
I'm just out there and I'm kind of catching my breath and I'm going okay what the hell just went
down there okay I go I better go back and try to sort this out so I I went back in and Phil was outside the Tampa Bay dressing room and I go Phil
I go calm down and he looks at me goes oh fuck you and I'm like calm down I go let's talk about
this and that he goes I'm not going to talk about it and just get the hell out of here or whatever
and I said I and he was he was really you know angry and i understood that but
i was like phil i said you know let's try and sort this out and he goes no i'm not talking to you get
out of here and i go i go i okay fine i said i should just go charge you with assault right now
and he goes go ahead do whatever you want and at that point he might have made some disparaging
remarks about my um my my rather robust frame.
And this was happening in front,
I don't know if you ever know the Maple Leaf Gardens visiting dressing room thing,
but all the family of the team is like 15 feet away.
Like they're witnessing this whole thing
and we're F-ing each other.
And I go, Phil, I go, I'm trying to settle this, you know, and sort it out. We've known each other a he's and i go phil i go i'm trying to settle this you know and sort it out we've known
each other a long time but if you want me to if you want me to go the other route i said do it he
says do whatever you want he goes you're nothing i'm phil esposito you can't do anything to me and
i and that was it i so yeah it went off for me and i said okay i said that's how you want to
handle it fine and i said and you just remember this. You just remember this.
I said, you, you fucked with the wrong guy, Phil, and we'll see you later.
And I walked out and I walked around the corner and there was a pay phone and I
picked up the phone and I dialed 911 and I called the Metro Toronto police.
They answered yes. And I said, yeah, I won't connect you with the police.
I'd like to report an assault. And I called and I said,'s bob mckenzie i work for the toronto star and i was just
assaulted by phyllis and zito maple leaf gardens i'd like him arrested and guys like pardon
and so anyways that jerky boys prank call so so of course now he gets he gets word that the word starts to filter out that i've done this and whatever so
i guess he went back to the harbour castle west and got his stuff and jumped in a car and they
and went to buffalo and so he hit the road or whatever and that and jerry helper who's a great
guy he's now in nashville he was the pr, who's a great guy, he's now in Nashville.
He was the PR director for the Lightning at the time.
He's talking to me and says, you know, hey, listen,
can we try and straighten this out?
I said, I wanted to straighten it out.
Phil didn't want to straighten it out.
He got the ball rolling.
So I'm sorry.
This ball's in rolling now.
So screw up.
You know, that's that.
And so anyways, so the whole thing rolled out. and it's quite a story because after the fact,
Frosty Forrestal, who was of course the great trainer, the, for the Bruins,
Bobby Orspel and whatever, you know, Frosty started telling people,
Phil never touched him. He tripped on an equipment bag. And,
and there was a whole bunch of double talk coming out.
You had the boys club going.
You had the boys club coming.
It's like the skulls at Yale.
Yeah, you want to better believe it.
So, you know, the star was behind me 100. I hired my lawyer, you know, and this all kind of
Don Cherry on Saturday night went on Hockey Night in Canada and ripped me for, you know, this is not how you settle a problem.
You know, you settle things face to face. And I'm thinking to myself,
I tried to do that until didn't want to do it.
You needed Twitter during all this. That would have been interesting.
Oh no, no, you do not. Thank God.
Ryan Leaf. You think that Ryan Leaf yelling at the guy's bad.
This is imagine the video of this biz.
Exists at the time.
So anyways, and then it got even more complicated because a member of the Tampa Bay,
somebody who covered the lightning on the beat for one of their papers,
he ended up, if my memory serves me correct, it might have been a sworn affidavit or if not he
he certainly um was interviewed by the toronto police and told them the same frosty forestal
story that i tripped on an equipment bank and uh and i wasn't very happy about that so now my back's
really up so i'm taking it on the chin from a lot of people, Don Cherry on national television, everybody in hockey, you know,
as you say, close society, they're like,
this is not how we settle things.
You don't bring outside people in to settle it internally.
And I said, well, I knew in my heart,
I tried to settle it internally and Phil didn't want to.
And he said, I couldn't do anything to him.
Well, let's see about that.
So anyways, long story short,
I guess at some point the, the,
the long story long is this one, but the lightning,
I guess the lawyers for the lightning probably at some point told Phil,
this could be really problematic for you because there were many witnesses
that did see it. And this is dead to rights assault,
whatever way you slice it and you're a canadian who works in the u.s on a green card or whatever if you get convicted of assault you
could lose your green card you could lose your ability to travel back and forth between canada
united states so all of a sudden i'm getting all sorts of calls from people saying we should be
able to settle this and and what have you and the lightning were kind of reaching out or whatever and i'm like no i said it's so anyways the court date was set
and it was the day after the lightning were playing a game in toronto their next time they
were coming in and so um it got down to a day or two before the game and and i a number of people
in hockey had reached out and and said would you not meet face-to-face with Phil?
I said, yeah, okay, I will.
Day of the game, Phil and his lawyers and me and my lawyers,
we met in a Bay Street law office and basically, you know,
Phil just saw me and he goes, hey, things have escalated.
They got way out of hand.
I said, yeah, they did.
And he goes, I just want to forget about it all just put it all behind us I know it's been
hard on you and your family I don't want any more trouble I don't want you to have any more trouble
and I said well that's great Phil I said um fair enough um so I all you need to do is apologize
and he says oh I just apologized and I said said, no. And I, I had my,
my lawyer had said to me ahead of time,
what would it take for you to drop the charges against Phil? And I said,
okay. So I had crafted a letter of apology and it was,
it was a long letter of apology because it went to everything.
Bob McKenzie did not trip on an equipment bag.
Bob McKenzie did not write things.
So, so there was,
there was a laundry
list of four or five things that
I wanted on the record that
everything, the aftermath of that,
it was all bullshit, basically.
And for Phil to admit that he did
strike me and he did knock me down and I didn't
trip on an equipment bag. So Phil read
the letter and he looked at me and he goes, I'm not signing that.
And I go, good, then go to
the game tonight and we'll see you in tomorrow and uh now you had him bent over and that and then he was so
he was like man his lawyers are talking to him and then we split up for a little bit we come back
and he goes okay and i said i go phil i go i wanted to settle it that night you wanted to escalate it
i said you said i couldn't do anything to you because you were phil and i was a nobody and i go well now i told you yes but the wrong guy and now here we are and now who's
got to come to the other guy to try and get him out of a jam i said so i said let's get out of
the jam just sign the letter of apology and and when we go to the game tonight after the game
stand outside the dressing room we'll stand there together and then we'll tell the media that we settled our differences and we're not going to court tomorrow
and he goes yeah perfect and that was that so as i say i i really liked phil i always liked phil
um but we had it out and you got my irish up and you know what happens when the irish and
the italians get together it could be oh don't ask r.a back to childstown not then i don't know if i can i don't
know if this is a great comparison um of like scoring your first nhl goal for you like do you
remember your first big scoop like something where you remember noticeably thinking oh my god like
i'm one of the guys in this game that's going to be breaking honestly no idea not whatsoever it
just happened over time where
you became like the guy and as i said i should have kept notes because um you know i'm not i'm
not ever going to write a book about my career i've written some books but not like a retrospective
on my career um and and maybe part of the reason why i wouldn't do that is because i just don't
have enough notes to back stuff up and i've forgotten so much stuff and it all just kind of
runs together.
I mean, just mentioned the books you wrote, written yet another book.
You're a pretty prolific author yourself.
Your latest everyday hockey heroes volume two. Tell us about this one.
Yeah, it's interesting. You know, the first book I wrote was called crazy.
It was called a hockey dad, true confessions of a crazy question mark
hockey dad and that one came out like 10 12 years ago um and that was the book I enjoyed writing the
most because it was a labor of love you know raising my two boys Mike and Sean through the
minor hockey system and I sometimes did some really crazy shit um as a hockey dad um but I
like to think on balance that I got I got it figured out along the way that it wasn't
too too bad and it was a pretty good experience for me and my kids but i really wanted that book
to to come out and i was sort of like this is who i am this is who my kids are this is what we did
and this was the sort of the good the bad and the ugly but we we all enjoyed it and it was great
um then i did hockey confidential which was a series of stories about, the bad and the ugly, but we, we all enjoyed it. And it was great. Then I did hockey confidential,
which was a series of stories about people in hockey. And, and I,
I really am proud of the book, but, and that was seven or eight years ago,
but the reason I did it was because I needed a new kitchen at the cottage.
And, and so that was the money that would pay for that.
Fucking right, buddy.
And that's when I realized, you know,
when you're writing a book just for the money, it's hard, hard, hard work.
It's not a labor of love anymore.
It's just labor.
And I was really busy with my job.
And it really took a physical toll on me getting that book out.
But I got it out.
I'm really proud of it.
But I said then, I said, that's it.
I'm never writing another book.
Too much work for too little money.
It's great when you finish
it but it as long as i've got a job full-time job there's writing a book on top of that it's just
too much i'm not never ever going to do it again and i had lots of offers and and stuff i didn't do
it it was three years ago simon and schuster canada came to me and said hey we're doing a book project
we've already started it it's called everyday hockey heroes it's stories of famous not so famous hockey people inspiring stories on and off the ice they showed me a couple
of chapters and it was it was a different kind of book it was about you know overcoming adversity or
just an inspiring story and i like good storytelling and jim lang had already started
doing some of the stories and sarah st pierre is the editor they showed me some sample chapters i
said this is really cool i kind of like this and what appe. Pierre is the editor. They showed me some sample chapters. I said, this is really cool.
I kind of like this. And what appealed to me was they said,
you would only have to write the introduction.
You'd only have to write one chapter.
You would have huge input into who we would write the other stories about.
And you would orchestrate getting interviews with those people and you would
promote the hell out of the book. Would you be interested? And I said, yeah,
I would. And cynically part of the reason when i
not gonna lie when i first i thought yeah if i don't have to write that much um i can sort of
be an editorial director of the book and and be involved in all that with jim and jim's great and
sarah's great so it was fun so we did everyday hockey heroes volume one and it was really good
and lots of inspiring stories and now we they decided you know what two years later
we're going to come out with it again so i'm i'm really proud of the book because obviously there's
a lot of shit that's gone on in the world but hockey as well and we talk a lot about hockey
culture and i know everybody goes back and forth on that and and um you know hockey culture does
you know i've been a big part of hockey culture but i'd be the first to admit, hockey culture does, you know, I've been a big part of hockey culture, but I'd be the first to admit that hockey culture does need to be better, a lot better in a lot of instances.
And I don't think people need to be, hockey people don't need to be triggered when they hear that the hockey culture sucks sometimes.
It does.
Doesn't mean it's rotten to the core, but it needs fixing in a whole bunch of areas.
And so a lot of the stories in the book, not all of them,
but a lot of the stories in this book reflect that.
And so, you know, there's stories about guys I grew up playing hockey against
that were black, that didn't have the same minor hockey experience
that I have in a quite white Scarborough 50 years ago.
You know, there are stories about gay and transgender athletes.
There are, you know, there's a story,
but there's also traditional hockey stories. It's athletes there are you know there's a story but
there's also traditional hockey stories it's everyday hockey heroes so i got a story in
andrew cogliano and who's an everyday hockey hero yeah he's the one because he showed up every day
and he never missed the game until he got suspended um and and so he talks about that and and
reflecting the traditional core values of what we like to think what hockey culture at its best
commitment dedication sacrifice you know taking one for the team putting yourself ahead of the reflecting the traditional core values of what we like to think, what hockey culture at its best, commitment, dedication, sacrifice,
you know, taking one for the team, putting yourself ahead of the team,
playing through injuries, playing through pain, doing all those things.
So there's a real wide mix of stories there.
And Jim Lang did a terrific job. Sarah St. Pierre did a terrific job.
And I learn,
I've learned so much about people who sometimes they, they,
everybody in this book has an unbelievable passion for the game of hockey.
They love the game of hockey, but in some instances,
because they're quote unquote different for some reason,
they were marginalized or put out to the side a little bit.
And those people had to fight to get where we get to be in the middle of
hockey culture for the very simple reason we're white and we're men simple
as that so all i you know the theme of the book really is we just need to build a bigger tent
and we need to make sure the doors are open for everybody and if we are men and we are white
then maybe we all need to take a look in the mirror and say what am i going to do today to
try to make it a more diverse, more inclusive thing?
And I think you can do that and confront our own white privilege without being triggered by the
word white privilege, which is nothing more than an observational status of you're white. And in
hockey, that's not a roadblock to anything. Being a white man in hockey is the easiest thing in the world.
We're not saying anybody's led a privileged lifestyle and,
and have silver spoons in our mouth.
We're just saying it's not many obstacles as a white male in the hockey
culture.
That's a very fair way of putting it. Very well said, Bob.
You did mention your kids and going back to your first book,
the hockey dad situation.
Sean told me the story about how you,
you and this other coach weren't getting along in minor hockey and the
finals, you ended up calling a couple penalties. I'll let you,
you know the story for sure.
Oh, you're talking to stick measurements.
Yeah. Oh yeah. You're cutthroat. If you're doing this in minor hockey, Bob,
come on. Okay. So I'll try and makethroat if you're doing this in minor hockey, Bob, come on.
Okay. So I'll try and make this quick. Cause I bored you guys long enough here.
No, we love these old school stories. Okay. No problem.
So I was actually the assistant coach of the team and it was,
it was my son Mike's team and it was what we used to call the,
the ring at round,
which you wouldn't call it now because people that play ring at would get
offended by it. But the ring at round was after you wouldn't call it now because people that play ringette would get offended by it.
But the ringette round was after you got knocked out of the main playoffs,
you would go back and into the consolation basically is what it was.
It was a consolation playoff and it was the championship of the
consolation. And I was an assistant coach and my good buddy,
Sue Seedhouse, who's since passed away from pancreatic cancer,
one of my best friends he was the head coach so
we're playing in Berrien
Dunlop Arena which just got demolished
recently and
we're losing in the
third period and
we're losing by two or three goals
maybe three goals in the
third period and earlier
in the series in our
own rank I'd seen the stick rack for the
the other team the berry team and by the way it's minor adam so they're 10 year olds okay i and it's
consolation and it's consolation consolation so i saw the stick rack of these other kids and they
had big banana hooks or whatever and i i just thought wow i can't believe those kids have like
stan mckee to bobby hole sticks i never thought anything more of it so now it's in the third period of the consolation
and we're down three and i said to my buddy stew i go i go hey i said let's try and get a little
something going here i go let's call a stick measurement here just what every kid on this
team's got like a hugely illegal and and and what so anyway so
so Stu goes yeah go ahead so I go okay so so I send out our captain little Kenny Henry and I say
go ask for a stick measurement on number eight so little Kenny Henry goes out to the referee
and goes up to him and I see him talking to the referee and i see the referee talking to him like this and the referee looks over at him like what the fuck like seriously
and and and i just look at him and i go what's up good job measure it and that and so now
kenny henry comes back and no he he, so, so I see him.
Now I see the referee really talking to Kenny and Kenny's looking over at the
bench at me and he's got these little eyes and he's like, so I see him and he
goes and he goes, okay. And he, Kenny comes over and I said,
what was he giving you a hard time about? He goes, he says, sure.
I'll call a stick measurement. What exactly,
what part of the stick did you want measured?
And so now the referee's trying to one up me here because technically you have to request, I want to stick measurement on the curve,
or I want to stick measurement on the width of the blade,
or I want to stick measurement on the length of the shaft or whatever.
And so Kenny said curve. And so now he's got,
so now the referee comes over and he's just looking daggers at me.
And he goes over to the timekeeper's bench and says, give me the stick gauge.
And the timekeeper goes, we don't get a stick gauge in here.
And so the referee's like, oh.
So you see him go off the ice and go to the referee's room
and come back with the stick gauge.
So he measures the stick.
It's illegal so
into the penalty box they go
our power play sock
late in the by the way there was
like five six minutes left in the game we're
down three so late in the
power play we score one and
so that's great so now we're
the parents and the other team by the way I'm on
TV people know who I am and
they're just giving it to me.
And understandably so.
So we're there.
And I say to Stu, I go, they still got illegal sticks going on over there.
I said, let's call another one.
And he goes, really?
And I go, yeah.
I said, fuck, let's do it.
And so we call another one.
And the referee is like looking at me.
He measures it up. And, sure enough into the box.
There you go. So now I'm looking over at the Barry bench.
The Barry parents are screaming and yelling and cursing me out.
Like you wouldn't believe, but it's chaos on the Barry bench,
the kids on the bench and the parents are now yelling at their kids.
Do you have an illegal stick?
And the coach is talking to their players and their their pitching sticks up into the stands and and that
and i'm on the bench and i go come on boys look at them over there they're on the run now we're
down one you know whatever so we we like five seconds into the next five seconds into that
power play we score so now we're down one and and and it's chaos and so we're there and there's only there's
less than two minutes left in the game and so i say to stew stew you're not going to believe this
but i think they've got another illegal stick out there the one kid with an illegal stick i said you
want to go for the hat trick and he goes he goes no i think we're good now and and so anyways we pulled the goalie and i'm not sure how we had a defenseman out who hadn't
scored a goal all year on the ice at the time nevertheless we did is and with and with like
seven seconds with seven seconds left the puck goes back to him we got the goalie pulled
and he
takes a slap shot he's 10 years old tries to take a slap shot and of course it's a slicer and he he
just chunks it and the puck goes up and it's bouncing and it crazily bounces boom boom boom
boom boom and it literally bounces in front of the goalie and goes right over his shoulder under
the bar with about five seconds left we tie the game we tie the game and so now we come over
and the the berry team's over there the parents are yelling at me the coach is trying to get his
bench under control and our guys come over and me and stew we're fired up now and the kids are fired
up and and uh so they they go uh which stew just says to them, we got them on the run here. Just go for it.
No defense.
Let's end this thing immediately.
If we lose, so what?
We're playing with house money.
Just go for it, boys.
All up, ball to the wall.
Go get the goal.
And I think like 20 or 30 seconds in, we scored the winner in overtime.
So the kids go nuts everybody celebrates they go
back to the room and me and stew and my buddy kevin o'brien we were shaking hands and i could
see everybody's you know all upset and barry goes to the office so i go i go wheeling back towards
the dressing room and i said to the other coaches i said i better go over and take my medicine so i i go i'm
gonna go over there so i go over and the other parents are there and right away they launch in
they're yelling at me they're swearing at me and i said uh i said oh i said how long have you been
a parent on this team and they go um what do you mean i said how many years has your kid been on
this team now this is his first year the guy that was yelling the most at me. I said, okay.
I said, is there anybody here that's any parent that's been here on the team
for three years?
And there was a guy over there and I could see the guy looking at me and he's
smiling. And, and I said, do you want to tell him?
Or should I tell him? And, and the guy goes, I'll tell him.
I said, okay, good. Appreciate it. Thanks.
And I turned around and I walk away.
And what that parent from three years ago told the other dad was the head
coach of the Barry team that we were playing against in that game in minor
novice, our coach got suspended for deciding minor novice,
believe it or not. He got suspended for, I novice believe it or not he got suspended
for i think yeah he yelled at a referee in the third period so in game four of the best of five
he got suspended so in game five he was there kids are eight years seven eight years old he
tied his kids skates up before the game his coach's son was on the team he left the room said good
luck boys and the assistant coaches took over somebody saw him in the room
tying his kids skates so our team beat their team in game five in that same Dunlop arena back then
and and we're getting ready to start the next series second round of the playoffs in minor
novice triple a and we get a call from the OMHA to tell us that we've been disqualified because Barry protested the game because the head coach,
the suspended head coach of the Whitby Wildcats had gone in the dressing room
before the game and that's not allowed.
So, so, so what the,
I'm not calling stick measurements unless payback is a bitch.
I think,
I think that this podcast has taught that
you're not a man that you want to cross seriously holy shit bob was that ask any questions you want
taken out i don't want to be on the hit list was that before or after the mcsorley stuff in 93
oh it would have been after uh after mcsorley and the the illegal stick stuff oh yeah i'm sorry
yeah it was definitely after mick sorely in the
king's montreal cup final wow that's a fantastic story like you say payback's a bitch no doubt
about that i i have one i feel obligated to ask you you share a name of one of the greatest
fictional canadians in pop culture history of course i speak of one half of the great mckenzie
brothers of strange group fame how much did you play that up 35, 40 years ago?
When it was a popular thing?
Yeah, a little bit, but it was more of a pain in the ass initially,
because as you might expect everybody take off.
Well, my nickname, there's a lot of guys on the, in hockey media.
Like when I was on the beat back in the eighties and nineties,
that was my nickname. There's a lot of guys to this day.
Call me hose. That's one of my many, many, many nicknames. But so yeah,
I used to get that. I used to get that a lot or whatever.
And after a while it probably got a little tiring. And so, you know,
there's only so many times, but it's, it's funny now, like somebody,
even now somebody will say, Oh, I bet you get,
I bet you get a lot of jokes about your name being Bob McKenzie.
Take off. And I'm like, yeah, not for 20 years, buddy.
Can I, can I admit, I don't know what you guys are talking about right now.
Oh, it was an SCTV thing. It was Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas.
And they were, Oh, I know those Canadians. I know those.
A beer bottle, take off,
and the great white north, which was hilarious.
And it was really funny because I was coming back from L.A.
I was coming back from L.A. to Toronto,
and I was at LAX, and I was in the Air Canada lounge,
and I ran into Dave Thomas,
and I introduced myself to him and I said hey thanks for nothing
and he goes what do you mean and I said my name is Bob McKenzie and he goes well don't blame me
that was Rick Moranis not me and we laughed about that that's awesome I gotta ask you about your
music taste now we're gonna go two different places let's start off with Pitbull Mr. Worldwide
another one of your your self-given nicknames wit this guy at the cottage when he's chucking weights around this
little weight room in his garage loves to bump it to mr worldwide uh yeah i i think i think i did it
more than i will say this that the pitbulls there's one particular pitbull album in particular it's entirely
spanish it's there's no english it's called dale and um there's a there's a really catchy tune on
it that i liked um and when i was i got a concept two rowers so when i'm on the rower i that that
tune really fires me up so i would play that like really loud in the garage. Now Mike and Sean would be at the cottage and they would like,
it would be like that moment that I fell in love with you on Twitter.
When you said you tweeted out,
I'm looking at my dad right now and he has his shirt tucked into his
underwear. I need a new dad. Yeah. Okay.
So Mike and Sean needed a new dad when they see me out there on the rower
with the pitbull going so that's really the i probably play it up bigger than it is it's
eel pensis the via or something like that but it's like this it's all spanish and it's on the um
it's on the you're like the meet the fucker dad you're gonna be like mom buying it's not
half retired yeah it's a really cool song and uh i'll i'll get the official name for it here okay
uh tragically hip was another band i wanted to talk about oh my god i've seen some of your
instagram stories and you got that bump in the garage as well i know you were also uh you were
pretty close to gourd downey were you not yeah i got to know gourd and the guys in the garage as well. I know you were also, you were pretty close to Gord Downie, were you not?
Yeah, I got to know Gord and the guys in the band a little bit
back in between the Up to Here, which is their second album,
first full album.
Their very first release was considered an EP, but it was an album.
It was called The Tragically Hip.
But then the really launched them to national stardom in Canada
with the Up to Here album.
And then came Road Apples.
So it was between Up to Here and the release of Road Apples,
and they were playing the concert hall at Young in Davenport in Toronto,
right across from the Canadian Tire.
It's also known as the Masonic Temple.
And I love The Hip And I love the hip.
I love their music.
The first two songs, the two big hits off their EP release
were Small Town Bring Down and Last American Exit.
And I really like both those songs.
And then when Up to Here came out, I got that.
And that's Blow It High Doe and 38 Years Old
and New Orleans is Sinking,
and all the great songs on there.
And so I talked to a guy in front of me.
Well, Andy Frost, Morgan Frost's dad.
I talked to him, and he knew a guy who knew a guy
who was part of the Hips management or whatever,
and so I was able to go and and get a pass to go and see um the hip play
the Masonic Temple the concert hall at Young and Davenport it was a hot hot hot night in August
and it was it was like 95 degrees and the humidity was like up around 100 it was just a steaming hot
night and it was one of the one of those special moments and it was a fantastic night um and and
the guys in the hips management said you know gordon some of the guys know you from your work
um on tv and the newspaper the hockey news or whatever they're huge hockey fans and they had
hockey pools and stuff so they said come back after we'll leave backstage passes so i got to
meet gordon that night and we created a little bit of a friendship over the years.
And, you know, more than anything else,
all the tragically hip music,
just, it just speaks to me like nothing
that I've ever listened to.
And so that's my jam, that's my band.
And my great pride in life is that
I took Mike and Sean to hip concerts very early.
And they'd probably be into more hip concerts than me because I could never go to the hip concerts because I was always working.
And especially on July 1st, they always played a Canada Day show and I was always working.
But Mike and Sean have gotten into it and they got hip in their blood now.
And so I feel like I've done my job as a good dad.
Did you get a chance to go to the show in Kingston?
I didn't go to the final show.
I went to the last of the three Toronto shows
the week or two before they played in Kingston.
I was celebrating, I think it was my 60th birthday
on August 16th that year.
And that Saturday of the final show in Kingston was a night that myself and my wife Cindy, Mike and Sean and their better halves, we went out for my birthday dinner at Jacob's Steakhouse in Toronto.
And we taped the um the hip stuff and
we came back to sean's condo actually and watched the the part of the the show part of the show but
then i've still got it on pvr on the on my here and and i've watched that show over and over again
because there's nothing nothing like it for me already in the head yeah that seemed
kind of like a national thing like seemed like the entirety of canada was was watching those
shows till at the end there's pretty pretty emotional stuff bob i just got one last one
for you i know the game's probably in the best position it's ever been in um other than labor
issues what are the biggest issues the nhl might face in the next five to 10 years?
It's a good one. I haven't thought about that one.
So the labor issues are always interesting. And I mean,
the CBA is done for a good long time now, or at least we think it is.
You know, I guess the biggest one,
I suppose is going to continue to go down the road that we talked about with diversity and making sure that the hockey culture and that the NHL reflects the changing face of the game
and the changing face of society in Canada the United States and the world over um but I suspect
too that and I and I haven't even I know nothing this. I just saw anecdotally on Twitter yesterday about that story in the Swedish
second league or whatever, about Bjork Loven and the question about,
did they throw a game and stuff like that?
So we haven't had the opportunity yet in the National Hockey League to have
the full-up partnership between the NHL and legalized gambling.
So I suspect over time,
that's going to be something
that is going to need to be navigated around
on a lot of different levels.
And I really don't know much about all that stuff
because I knew that it was coming in at the tail end
of the time when I was getting ready to depart the scene
on a day-to-day basis.
So I don't need to know a lot about that,
but I suspect that's an issue that will be an important issue
in terms of how it's handled by everybody
in terms of the information,
whether it be at injuries and trades
and all this kind of stuff.
There's got to be a lot of layers
to that whole thing of syncing up
the hockey industry with the gambling industry
and obviously and hopefully
for the financial betterment because
i mean this this pandemic we're going to be the economics of this is going to impact the game for
so long i just i feel bad for the players i feel bad for the owners because there's there's no you
can cap escrow all you want but at the end of the day the numbers are the numbers and it's just a
matter of when everybody's going to pay back the money that's owed.
Well, we really appreciate you coming on.
It's been a long time coming.
And that is, all right, you said it best.
That's campfire stories, just some old classics.
And you've been around for so long.
So congrats on all your success.
I know it's semi-retirement.
I don't know when the official No More more bob mckenzie breaking news will happen but
what a run you've had well i appreciate it guys and the song here i'm looking at it now
is uh mr 305 hold on it's it's pn pnss p-i-e-n-s-a-s and then it's de la verdad and then
it's featuring somebody called jenta de zona you get
a couple margaritas in you bobby get the hip shaking yeah for sure shakira shakira the hips
the hips don't lie oh yeah oh yeah ten and two baby bob this was awesome thanks i know we didn't
even get a chance to dive into the kids but we'll have you on again you can tell us more stories
about you fucking around with adam minor kids calling illegal stick penalties late in games in
consolation biz in consolation games but payback as well so listen wasn't me that started three
years earlier you don't stop you finished them hey rough and rowdy you and phil esposito i can
get you hey i get you some of that post no i like phil phil esposito i can get you hey i get you some of that post i'll get you a new kitchen
i'm sure you could have a new boat by the end of it
the uh the glove ad by the way was well done you like that the watson gloves you know how much
weed i smoke before that sales call bob you wait to wait till you see the mcdonald's one coming out
although it'll already be out by the time this comes out listen as much as you should sell your gloves or whatever sell my books for me
please everyday hockey heroes volume two buy it before christmas it's a great book it's it's
probably not as fun and frivolous as beauties by james duffy and buy his book too there's a
chapter on me in there where i scored on tretjak but that's another story for another pod let's do a chicklet
at his lake house
thanks for the invite
get the fans of Biz20 promo code they'll love you
forever I'll tell you that
awesome thanks for having me on guys take care
all the best
huge thanks to
Bobby Mack man like I said a personal
thrill for me to interview this guy.
Canadian hockey reporters are the cream of the crop.
They do it the best.
So it was a true honor and joy to talk to Bob McKenzie.
And he has some fucking awesome stories too.
But all right, moving right along, Biz.
You've been playing with your bruce a lot lately, I noticed.
All right, so bruce.
One of my buddies created this electronic toothbrush.
It's unbelievable. He sent me one about a year ago and my teeth have never felt better. So when I went to
the dentist the last time, and I told you guys that I had 10 cavities, I felt like the biggest
fucking loser. And I was like, Oh no, like, I think that they're going to eventually come on
as advertisers. Cause I love the thing so much. And I talk about it now they're going to be like,
yeah, I'm'm not gonna be trusting
somebody who's got a toothbrush when they have 10 fucking cavities am i wrong here whit
no everyone would have said shut up biz why we use what you use you're an absolute
diet coke mouth that's what mountain dew man over here so i have actually the the the invoice type
thing of of what tooth needed to be replaced is right over there. It's on a sheet thing.
So I put that in my pocket and I went and got a second opinion. I go see a guy. I don't explain
anything about my mouth. He looks at it and I said, so do I have any cavities? And he's like,
there's like a, you know, one little thing here that, you know, it might be starting, but nope,
nope, you're all good so i go from a place
where they tell me i have 10 cavities to go getting a second opinion to the fact that i have
zero cavities zero whip i don't get how you can i showed him the sheet and i said what do you what
do you make of this sheet and he and he he looked at it and he had a smirk on and then he looked
back and you never want to throw the other guy under the bus he goes i think it's aggressive and i'm trying to
make some dough i don't know i don't know but it's uncomfortable because i bought and this is
how cheap if you have none it's like maybe say like three you know ten ten yeah that's a weird
second opinion that's like finally you have a fucking seven brain tumors that are malignant and then like oh no by the way that's just a headache yeah like that's a huge
fucking difference so the good news is is now bruce can get a proper ad read and i can pump
this toothbrush out because i brush my teeth for about 10 minutes every time i just hit the button
there's six different settings it's very reasonably priced i think it has a two-year warranty. The battery lasts two months.
Grinnelli, I sent you one.
It's unbelievable.
My teeth are the cleanest they've ever been.
So here's the kicker.
All these electronic toothbrushes, they sell the tops of them for like 20 bucks a pop or even more.
And some electronic toothbrushes, you can't even get the replacements unless you buy a whole new unit.
Really?
Yeah, that's the scam. You can set up
the subscription is how you say it subscription, you can get three for under 20 bucks, and they
send them out every six months. And that's your toothbrush for the six months. So it's a it's a
great fucking, it's a great product. And it's helped me clean my teeth to the point where even
after not going in for three months, I had zero cavities.
Yeah, there's a lot of folks still use the old analog toothbrush instead of going digital, even though dentists recommend electric brushes because they're more effective.
Check out Bruch.
Bruch is redefining what it means to have a perfect smile because a healthy smile is a perfect smile.
Get 15 off your Bruch toothbrush kit and refill plan when you use the promo code CHICKLETS at bruch.com.
That's 15 off the promo code C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
When you go to bruch.com, that's B-R-U-U-S-H.com.
By all means, check that out.
Like Biz said, it's got a four-week battery life life a magnetic charge stand compact travel case if you
get the subscription thing you won't miss any of the new fresh heads that's what you need you need
to keep the chiclets clean if you're gonna wait i gotta ask you one last question so i bought a
four-pack cleaning plan from the prior place i have two of them left do i call back for the
difference i mean is that being cheap or do i just cut my losses here well it's a kind of pet little
payback for them they were trying to make money off you and you already paid them for this four
cleaning plan it's kind of an uncomfortable call in a coupon to the dentist like i saw this in the
uh scottsdale mariner um can i get this but you should go back and get the money dude kind of like i did with the
when i went back to the dealership when they ripped me off with the the carburetor that i
needed and there's that was very valid though once you found out he was like making shit up
that just goes to the depths of my gullibleness i'm just the guy who gets ripped off all the time
oh you're ready to talk about the East Division?
Yes, my apologies
You don't have to apologize, Biz
Fucking Bruce, baby, let's go
Zero cavities
First off, Sunday, Buffalo go Atlantis
Omak, he got his first win after his dad
passed away, I don't know if you guys happened to see the photo
I'm not sure which agency took it
but it's a picture of him just kind of looking
heavenward after he won the game
just a really tender
scene, man. I mean, obviously, losing
his dad is a nightmare. He wasn't
home for it. He's, you know, he
plays in a different country,
and he had to go out and play hockey, and he took
him a couple games to get a win, and did you guys
see the picture afterwards or his reaction?
You know, it's six, seven
games in the season. When a guy reacts like that,
you realize there's a little more to it.
There was one photo he looked up, and it's like you can't help but get moved
when you see a situation like that.
Yeah, it's clear what his dad meant to him.
Definitely brutal to see that, and so happy for him to get the win.
And this division is what we said it is probably the best division.
Washington is the other team.
It wasn't just Montreal that hasn't lost in regulation yet.
So I think the big story is what happened with that team
and that club and away from the arena.
All right, you can kind of describe.
They saw Buffalo on the schedule and they're like, ah.
And I took Buffalo.
I'm like, oh, they got all these guys out and they still lost that first one.
We don't need no stinking mask. And they didn't these guys. Oh, and they still lost that first one. They won the next one.
We don't need no stinking masks.
And they didn't have Wilson the next game and just got him in a shootout.
But what happened actually, R.A.?
Washington was fined 100,000 for breaking COVID protocol
when four players were seen reported to be commiserating maskless
in the same hotel room, which is against rules.
It was Alexandro Vetchkin, Dimitri Olav, uh, Ilya Simsonov,
the new goalie and Kuznetsov.
They're going to miss at least four games each.
Apparently they were just hanging out in the room together. Um,
and Lavi said, Hey, we understand the rules. We effed up.
We didn't pay attention. Um, Marshawn was hilarious.
I know this Bruins in fact, but Marshawn was like, Hey,
I think the big thing is it's a respect thing.
These guys didn't follow the rules.
If you put yourself in a bad situation, that's on you.
I mean, hilarious.
You're getting suspended and you got fucking Marshawn Tripp, you on the side.
But bottom line is, you know, these guys broke the rules.
I know, what's his name?
Ovechkin's wife, she chimed in and she posted that Ovi and Olaf have the antibodies.
And then she was kind of sarcastic saying the virus only works in hotel rooms and playing other teams do the same thing.
So it was a little bit of a PMS for the Capitals.
But at the end of the day, I don't know how much it's going to affect their season.
I don't know.
COVID.
No, I don't think it'll affect their season.
The thing to me that is, Lopez, go ahead.
Well, I was going to tee you up and say, yeah, the rules were in place,
and I'm a rule follower.
It just doesn't make a ton of sense to me.
I mean, these guys are in the showers together.
They're spitting and coughing all over the bench.
Ovi buries a pass from Kuznetsov, and they're hugging each other,
and they're fucking breathing each other's face,
and then you can't sit in the hotel room.
It's like, I don't know if other people in the room have no idea,
but it just seems so crazy that you're doing everything all the time at the
arena, right next to each other.
And then when you get to the hotel, you can't, you can't hang out.
They're doing the program celebration right before they go out in the tunnel,
like hawking in each other's mouth at this point. Cause I we've all seen that whole routine i don't did could you play the
audio of ovechkin yelling to oshi as he's coming out grinnelly I mean, this guy is an absolute farm animal.
But listen, they broke the rules.
Biz likes that.
They broke the rules.
Ching-ching.
A little bit of rest for the weapons.
And I don't think it affects anything moving forward.
And, you know, a little bit of drama to talk about.
Yeah, I don't think you can really beat on him too much.
I mean, I think after 9, 10, 11 months,
not everybody out there has abided by what you should.
And these guys are Russian.
COVID didn't even exist in their country.
They're like, what?
Stalled at the border.
That too.
And if they do have the antibodies, then yeah.
If you're told by a doctor you can't catch it,
then you're not going to give a fuck about it.
But either way, we're
not going to beat up on the Capitals too bad. The league already
did that as well. Tom Wilson
did leave the game Friday with a lower body injury.
He should be back soon. And Connor
McMichael debuted on Sunday. And what's pretty
funny about this kid, he was, of course,
just on Team Cantor at the World Juniors. He used
to dress up as Alexander Ovechkin
for Halloween, and now he's a fucking teammate
of his.
I know. As we get older, older biz you start seeing all these kids they're idols for the guys that are younger than us yeah nobody's dressing up like you you think or me nobody
just puts on huge ears in a fucking in seven jerseys actually i lied there will be people
dressing up as you now because cornelli cornelli
made a uh what do you call it a sell short kings t-shirt with whitney on the back this thing is
that you guys we won in 97 i've talked about it once or twice and this t-shirt jersey is so
authentic and so i might not i might not take it off i it off. Limited amount will be going on sale.
I'm going to use it to shine my tires on my Jeep.
My call is they're sold out in 10 hours.
I think 20 minutes.
I think these things go.
I think they go quickly.
Tell me one so I can clean my tires off, Grinnell.
I can't get a Pink Whitney take your shop machine.
Can I at least get a Ryan Whitney Quebec peewee T-shirt jersey?
We need a Well and Tigers one for my minor hockey.
We're black.
We're white.
We're dynamite.
You guys do the chants down there.
That was your chant?
Yeah, because we were black, white, and yellow.
We're black.
We're white.
We're dynamite.
Biz, what's black and white and red all over
i don't know a newspaper
i don't always okay i just clicked in that's a good red as in re80 yeah yeah i was like color
i'm like is there a lot of red ink no No, no, no ink. Okay, pass that.
Oh, okay, I got it.
It's a different word.
1930 foot joke making fucking content.
I double clutched.
I double clutch on a lot of your jokes, man.
I have to listen to the podcast to get them.
That's all right.
In the East, we also got to shout out the New Jersey Devils.
Fuck yeah.
New Jersey Devils.
I mentioned Ty Smith before the year, I think,
or maybe after the first episode of the first few games,
and he went on.
I think he's looking to become only the second defenseman
to ever have a point in his first seven games.
Marek Zydlicki did it.
Is that correct, R.A.?
I'm going off fuel.
Okay, I thought you'd have it written down,
but I'm i'm pretty
sure that's correct where he is now approaching um kind of game changer offensive defenseman
status he's has he's he's got the skill he's very small well i shouldn't say nowadays nobody's very
small in the nhl but undersized and has changed the team and now mainly it's jack hughes oh my
goodness that's what and it's like last year, like Jack Hughes,
because you're the first overall pick, you're in the NHL,
but he was coming from the national program, right, Grinnelli?
He could have easily spent a year in college.
100.
And you know what?
It didn't really matter because he's put on that weight
and he looks like a different player.
He's got seven points in the last five games, I think.
And he showed that like, all right,
Lafreniere right now in New York doesn't have a point through five games.
It doesn't relax, relax, because Jack Hughes looks like a different player.
I think you nailed it with mentioning Lafreniere
and him not having a point where some guys take a little longer,
like Capocacco.
I mean, I think he's got two tucks now, but, you know,
I don't think, you know, he's probably not where they'd expect him
to be at this point when they drafted him.
So, yeah, it's so comforting as a New Jersey fan
to see this guy pop off the way he has,
and he's starting to shoot the puck.
You know, that last one he scored was a fucking laser.
You did see the one in the first couple games laser you did see the one when he in the
first couple games when he came down the wing and he tried to take a slap shot and it seemed as if
though he's still getting used to his body and his weight that clip was played it was the puck was
bouncing it was at the end of his shift and he like fell as he hit it but it was totally because
of like the way the puck's coming and everyone's like look at this first overall pick falling over
i was like well i wasn't i was saying more like i'm more excited for him to get even more used
to his body and probably put on even a little bit more weight to where he's now he's on well on his
way he looks great so far this year yeah well ty smith does all the cooking and cleaning like him
and jack hughes live together so we have a norris kachuk situation where jack hughes jack hughes
came out and was like yeah he does all the cooking and cleaning for us.
Sounds like a hazing more than a fucking roommate.
Boys, we can't talk about New Jersey when I'm talking about their goaltender,
Mackenzie Blackwood, Scott Wedgwood, Blackwood 2-0-1 with a 9-4-8 and a 1-9-0.
Wedgwood with a 1-1, 9-3-7, 2.0, one shutout.
The goalies are the key to Jersey right now, man.
And they're one of these teams that I think have surprised people early on.
Again, it's very early, but their goaltending has been key
to what their success has been so far.
They're kicking.
Wedgwood, I think it was his first win in the NHL since 2017.
Yeah, he was in Arizona for a little bit.
Yeah, so, I mean, he grinded away in the minors for a long time,
and I saw a little, like a post-game interview
where he was talking about his entire family,
you know, stood by his side as he just did his best
to try to get back to the NHL.
And now Aaron Dell's picked up.
They're waiting for the whole waiver.
I don't know what it is with him, contract, visa, who knows.
And Blackwood, is he injured?
He's injured, correct? Mackenzie Blackwood RA yeah he was hurt for a couple okay so he's getting a chance that he
might not get when Dell's there and and but still to take advantage of and get that win and look
that good the first game he struggled then get a shutout that's big time I was happy for him
and you're wondering what's in COVID protocol too If there's ever been a goalie tandem with Wood
where the last name ends in Wood,
like Blackwood. No, it sounds like a wicked
Sona thing, but Blackwood and Wedgwood,
when you're doing notes, it kind of jumps out
at you. It's not a common thing
for two goalies to have their name in the same
four letters. I'm feeling you.
Talking about the Devils,
PK Subban let a couple of bombs fly,
and they caught New York Ranger Brandon Lemieux twice, dude. That shift, I mean, we're talking about the Devils. P.K. Subban let a couple of bombs fly, and they caught New York Ranger Brendan Lemieux twice, dude.
That shift.
I mean, we're talking about a bad shift early in the game.
We'll talk about a hard shift.
Brendan Lemieux, man, he took two lickings, stayed out there, dude.
You would have thought it was the killing a penalty
in the fucking playoffs biz, the way he stuck in there.
Yeah, he was doing the one-leg kick and swimming around there.
I didn't
really have much uh teed up for that that uh that topic what do you think i think you should probably
read the notes when i send them sorry well i mean that's a that's not a topic it was like a shop
yeah no it was more of a segue into the next thing, which was Boston Bruin Trent Frederick talking absolute shit to P.K.
Subban when the Bruins and Devils played.
I mean, he's a young kid.
I think he's technically a rookie this year.
P.K. has been around for a while.
Give him all you got.
He did.
He sounded like this.
You ever see I Love You Man?
Here we go, Galaxy.
Here we go. Yeah. Here we go.
Yeah, yeah.
That's a fucking movie.
That's kind of what it reminded me of when you sent that to the text.
Yeah, give it all you got.
Give it all you got.
And then he was calling him out.
PK's like, I'll go you when I'm ready, I think he said.
They didn't end up fighting.
PK threw him down.
Actually got a penalty on that play, which I don't know if he necessarily deserved.
But Frederick, he's St. Louis boy. I saw our boy jansen tweeting about him talking about that of
course he's uh he's looking to get in the mix it's like all the people from the loo and the
broins took that kid in the first round knowing he probably wasn't gonna be a first line player but
that he would be such an impactful you know middle six guy that they decided fuck it we'll take him
and i'm i'm interested to see what the kid does going forward.
And speaking of Boston, David Krejci has now the fifth most assists
by a Czech player ever after Jaga, Elias, Vinny Prospo, and Jake Voracek.
Pretty big accomplishment for Krejci.
I think he's probably one of the more underrated superstars
over the last decade or so in the league.
Yeah, I wouldn't say superstar, but I would say one of the best
playoff performers you've seen.
I mean, every single time the Bruins have a run, I always say he's one of their best players.
It makes sense.
He's quietly gone about it for 15 years is his career now?
Yeah, kind of like a Patrick Elias in New Jersey where he just is like so consistent for so long.
I would say he's probably not going to be a Hall of Famer, but just a guy that,
like probably like a ring of honor type guy.
Yeah, I think-
I wonder if his number will be retired.
I don't know.
I think it will be.
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I wouldn't argue that.
I mean, I think he has a kind of a low key personality.
So like, he's not like a dominant guy.
So you don't hear or see him as much in the town.
But what he's done, hisoff performance is speaks for itself i i think absolutely 100 46
will go up they're gonna have that ring of a ring of honor jammed up at one point yeah yeah the old
teams man they are running out of numbers that's why i was surprised that brendan dylan who we
interviewed recently played for three teams and none of them had that number four retired yet so
uh all right moving right along.
Buffalo's Dylan Cousins.
He got his nice first tuck NHL.
I mean, that was just an absolute snipe.
Speaking of Buffalo, our buddy Jack, he's got seven points in six games so far.
Taylor Hall, six points in seven games.
I mean, Buffalo, I mean, I know that the record's not ideal right now,
but these guys are playing hard, man.
They are.
They just need goaltending, man.
Their goaltending has been brutal. they're up three two i think it was uh i think they ended
up winning the game in the shootout or maybe it was even the game before but they were up three
two late and then they were i think it was backstrom scored from behind the fucking goal
line and they're it's just like so deflating and they're trying to look for their first
win in regulation i believe and luckily they ended up i think i believe it was the game that they won in a shootout.
But if they can get some stops, they're a gritty team,
and they look good offensively.
Just need some stops, man.
And the way they need stops, the Islanders, they need to score goals.
They keep them out of their net, but they don't score either.
So the team is good, and they're going to get in the
playoffs unfortunately but they can't score and that's what i've said forever just nine goals so
far within five games i mean conversely they've only given up eight so they are winning uh
volumov has had back-to-back shutouts three and oh so far with a nine eight eight say percentage
oh three three goals against i know it's really those are impressive clutter bucks should get a statue he fucking
woke him up look at that all those numbers since he
like threw a dart in his neck and
warm up well and boy
go at a boy clutter buck but
I mean those that's trots hockey I guess
at the end of the day like as long as you score more
than the other guy I don't matter
having a blast all right
I play Tampa in the playoffs
all right boys let's move along to the
west and of course vegas five and one ten points is leading the division right now but this is a
pretty tight division biz uh they played four games versus your boys in arizona this week but
you go down the bottom of division anaheim and la both have six points so everything's pretty
tight so far uh what have you seen so far? LA's been gritty.
I thought they were going to be a lot worse than they are.
But, yeah, like even Colorado hasn't.
I mean, other than that big blowout win, they haven't been like lights out.
Nope.
I've watched Vegas four games in a row now.
Just, yeah, they look very strong.
And Fleury is playing really well.
He hasn't even gotten much lead time.
I think for like 60 or 70 of the time he's been in net,
they've been tied.
And he squeezed out the win the other night,
had a great shutout, made a couple key saves.
But, yeah, man, it's going to be a climb to the top.
Like no one's really popping out that much other than Vegas right now.
I know. Colorado is kind of weird. the top like no one's really popping out that much other than vegas right now i know colorado's
kind of kind of weird like it's you you think they'd have more going on and they're fine in
the position they're in but you think they would have had a little better start la biz they they
you just when you think that kopitar may slow down he's got 10 points like in six games already so
he's looked phenomenal and a guy they got a noticed, they got in a trade from Toronto,
the Carl Grundstrom.
I actually got to play with him for a minute there in Modo,
and he's just this thick.
He can skate, loves throwing his ball around.
He scored an awesome goal on Sunday night
or maybe Saturday night for LA.
So they're giving guys chances, right?
They're at a time in that,
in that organization where prospects are going to get opportunities. They're going to get a chance to play. Like I like that. I follow,
he's got four points already. He's looked good at times.
Like he's playing more minutes than he would on another team.
So if Carter and Kopitar can continue to play well and Doughty,
like who knows, right? I mean, yeah. Byfield isn't playing, right?
I'm not sure about Byfield, but I was going to
mention Adrian Kempe,
a guy I want to call their cup with in Manchester.
They definitely surprised. I can't wait to watch
them when they play against the Coyotes to get
even a better look. But
yeah, after that, I think it was that
overtime loss to Minnesota. They've
been playing a lot better.
I wonder about Vegas, if their record might be a little bit misleading and they've trailed or been
tied after the second period in five or six games,
they're getting a little late game magic. So that'll wreck it.
That can't last. I mean,
you can't play with fire that long and their power play just two for 20.
So far,
that's a team that should be doing a little bit better in that regard.
We also had a swap of veteran D men in this division as Colorado colorado sent uh defenseman ian cole to minnesota uh for defenseman greg patteron uh
both guys are in their last year of their deals patteron is making two and a quarter mil
cole uh four and a quarter mil although colorado is eating about a quarter of that uh however today
monday colorado did put patteron on waivers if he's not claimed he'll likely end up on the taxi
squad uh you got to think this is a cap related move for either or both teams just well it was did put Patteron on waivers. If he's not claimed, he'll likely end up in the taxi squad.
You got to think this is a cap-related move for either or both teams.
Well, it had a lot to do with Bowen Byram showing up in Colorado when he played his first game.
He dangled Getzlaff, I think.
He dangled somebody.
But all of a sudden, it's like a left-shot defenseman,
kind of a future core guy for this team.
So Ian Cole know expendable but
it's a typical bill billy garren goes out and gets a guy he's familiar with stanley cup champion and
i think where minnesota is that's a guy who could fit in really well there i mean he's going to play
pk he's a prick to play against biz we got the chance to uh be in camp louis right and you saw
like there was a lot there.
I mean, he's a first-round pick.
I think he'd been stripped of his confidence in St. Louis,
and then he went and found it in Pittsburgh,
and then he had even, you know,
I think he's been pretty successful
since he's been over in Colorado.
It's just his number's not great.
I think he was making four.
I believe Colorado retained 800,000 of it.
Is that the way the deal worked out?
But, yeah, I think that he's a good experienced guy to maybe run off
and help some of the young guys in Minnesota,
but also add some stability to that back end where I think Bill Guerin,
I think he's like all in on this season.
I think he easily thinks they can make playoffs.
I was doubting them coming in, but the feeling out of Minnesota
is that they think they have a very,
very good team.
And it looks as if though it's that ways early on.
Yeah.
Minnesota beefs up their D with Cole.
And obviously like Whit said, you know,
they make cap room for the bar, Bo Bynum's situation.
So it's kind of one of those deals that basically helps out both teams.
I mean, cap money matters more than ever before this season,
no doubt about it.
So Colorado's now at the cap floor.
Oh, yeah, they've been pretty much out there.
Yeah, but they're also going to get a little more maybe umph on D
that they might not have had before.
And also Minnesota has been their best start through five games
since the 28-29 season.
Karel Kaprizov leads the team with a goal and five assists in six games.
Their power play stinks at 7.4, but you got to say early on,
if you're a Minnesota Wild fan, you got to be happy with what you've seen so far.
Well, then you see the clip of him in practice doing that silly trick
from behind the net.
Then, I don't know, I forget who the shot was on,
but he ended up going between the legs down the wing, and he got... Oh, he got a lot on it.
Oh, yeah. I mean, anytime a guy
goes through his legs like that, especially at full speed,
it's fucking pretty wild stuff.
Speaking of pretty wild stuff, Biz, I know we
texted about this earlier in the week.
Andreas, I have to see you.
His first three games with the Kings,
he had one shot on goal
in each game and he scored on each
of those shots.
It hasn't happened in fucking since 1960.
Actually, since shots have been tracked since 1960,
he's the only guy who's done that, to score one goal on one shot in his first three games of his season.
That'll give an advanced analytics person a stroke
if you say he's a good player.
What do you mean?
He was 43 course.
It's impossible to keep up.
And speaking of the Kings, Anze Kopitar,
he's actually tied for the league leading points as well.
He's got a goal and nine assists.
Boy, Nate Dogg out in Colorado.
He's the fourth avalanche.
They hit 500 points after sacking Tay Duke and Forsberg.
And we did mention Byram already with a sick dish on his first goal
over to Mikko Rantanen.
And what's his?
Let's see.
Minnesota's Zach Parise passed Joey Mullen with fourth most game-winning goals
by a U.S.-born player ever.
J.R. and Moa tied at 92.
And the aforementioned Billy Yerrin had 77.
And, of course, we can't mention game-winning goals without bringing up
Poker Face and Glenn Anderson from the
Edmonton Oilers
Don't change Poker Face
Biz I think that predates you when we had Halsey
on the first time like Glenn Hall
was drunk at a party and like bragging about
Oh I remember you guys told me the story
and he just wanted it on repeat I love that
tune I love that
I listened to that whole album that Lady Gaga
that was when she went the futuristic
route right my poker face my poker face jam jam no doubt all right my favorite was ale alejandro
ale alejandro do you remember that one i i guarantee i've heard it but you giving me that
original beat i can't think of it.
I was so taken aback when my mom told me. Are you sure that's not Shakira, Shakira?
No, no, no, no.
Alejandro, Alejandro.
It's not mine.
My old man loves Lady Gaga.
One of his bucket list things is to sit front row at one of her concerts.
No word of a lie.
Was this before the movie as well?
Oh, I actually haven't even asked him what he thought about
the movie i guarantee you he that pb he gets like awkwardly quiet you're like what dad he's like
you find out he's been writing her letters and shit he's a complete stalker dear stan
i never heard that song she sings the edge i'm your number one fan what if i get a call from
my mom as a hey dad's in prison he's prison. Lady Gaga's personal security put him in a full Nelson and dragged him out of the house.
He's wearing one of your old socks you used to use.
He broke into her house and was like taking her panties from her panty drawer.
No, he'd be like smelling her extra microphones and shit if he likes her that much.
He's all about the voice, not the actual.
She has an unreal voice. I never heard that song The edge before until she sang it like acapella on stern
and like i had like fucking goosebumps oh she is as talented as they come like she's a freak
so so good the upbeat version is actually worse but that yeah that one she did she dedicated to
like a great late grandfather on stern that was like fucking goosebumps i i think that i think
oh man i hope i'm not making this up i'm pretty sure it's true where she she she used to dress
all crazy and like she'd have these ridiculous costumes on and and i guess tony bennett was like
hey you're you know you're beautiful woman like he's what are you doing with all this you don't
need it and then she started like dressing more normal and shit i think he's probably telling her let the music speak for
itself instead of like yes i think yeah i don't know i kind of like the way to say i kind of like
the the filet mignon dress i'm not gonna lie yeah it's one of the it's one of the restaurants you
put it over the hot stone yeah like you said she said she showed up in like in like space outfits
and shit she's yeah
she's off her rocker yeah you ever see her documentary on netflix biz no i'll watch it
though i love that movie she was in with bradley cooper oh great top ending oh that's the movie
that i thought you were talking about when you i was born was that the one you were talking about
when you brought it up earlier? Yes. Yeah.
That's what I thought.
Yeah. No,
I'm talking about the five foot two,
the Gaga.
It's,
it's a documentary of her on Netflix.
It's really good business.
It's like gives a whole synopsis of her career and stuff.
And yeah,
she's someone like,
I don't have any of her music on my fucking phone,
but I admire the hell out of her.
That makes sense.
I got about three albums downloaded.
Um,
any other news?
We are going to be getting to, her, if that makes sense. I got about three albums downloaded. Any other news?
We are going to be getting to more documentary talk later,
the Tiger Woods talk that I watched, which I liked it a lot.
All right, you guys have anything more in the West you want to add?
Oh, Chica.
Oh, actually, I had that after.
But, yeah, we can get to that right now if we're talking about the Yotes.
He's, like, banned from the NHL for the next year.
So the NHL looked at the scenario and what actually happened and decided this
dude deserved to be punished.
Go ahead.
Rear Admiral.
Yeah.
Former Arizona GM,
John Chayka was suspended by the commissioner for quote conduct,
detrimental to the league and game quote,
and he cannot be involved with NHL business through December 31st of this year.
So, I mean, that's a pretty harsh penalty for a guy who is a GM
and he can't fucking mess around in teams for the rest of the year
because he had an illegal workout.
But you want to dance, you got to pay the FIDLA.
He's the analytic bad boy now.
I think he just wanted to establish his fucking dominance.
And, I mean, you got to...
He gets a couple neck tats. yeah yeah he's looking like his neck tat is like coursey in spanish
old english right in across his chest that's a that's a pretty big pee pee whack from the league
so i listen i don't know like like like the hard hardcore details of exactly why he got punished
as hard as he did.
But, I mean, yeah, there were some things that he did that weren't great and people weren't happy about around here.
And I'm sure some people here are happy to see that come down.
Still sucks that we lost our first rounders or one first rounder.
Because, like, if things go very south, all of a sudden,
if you get the first overall pick.
We've never gotten the first or second overall pick in our organization's history since
it's been here anyway. Until this year when you
can't even use it. Until this year
if it happens. No, we're
going to fucking make playoffs. But anyway,
yeah, analytic bad
boy, John Chayka, fucking A.
By the way, Connor Garland
leading the team with two goals, four assists
in six games. Kessel got four goals
and Anaheim, dude, John Gibson 2-1-2 with a 9-3-8 and a 2-0-1 with one shutout.
He's been keeping Anaheim in every game thus far.
He is the real deal.
He is, man.
He is the real deal.
He's been a fucking pretty good stud ever since he ended up at Anaheim.
All right, boys.
Well, most guys have tried different ways to last longer in bed,
but thinking about the Hurricanes' updated COVID NHL schedule doesn't always work.
Well, the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting.
And the best part, they don't require a prescription you don't have
to go to your doctor you just hit up the internet boom you get taken care of and roman can ship
swipes to you in discrete unmarked packaging and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in
your wallet for whenever you need it they're super easy to use you just take the swipes out of the
packet you swipe it on you let it dry in your good to good to good to go
that's it so go to get roman.com slash chicklets right now and you get your first month of swipes
for just five dollars when you choose a monthly plan that's get roman.com slash chicklets check
that stuff out boys it works so i heard um moving right along we got a lot of etc news as i turn it on the
newsletter that i sent out to the boys nbcsn will no longer exist by the end of the year
this is the channel that's been carrying the nhl for the last 15 years well the nhl deal is up this
year the league's looking at multiple partners for the next deal that might not just be one network
could be two or three and i think the nhl actually has leverage this time. They don't have to just take the first deal off it to them.
And I think the first thing the league should do with it
is bring back Gary Thorne.
He just got laid off from his Baltimore Orioles job.
For my money, the best play-by-play announcer ever.
The league should do what they can to bring him back
and replace Mike Emmerich.
Yeah, when he was crushing it with ESPN,
he was as good as they got in the
announcing game. And then 13 years with
the Orioles and they just let him go. So I'd love
to see him back in the mix.
Absolutely, man.
And we'll keep abreast of that situation. So I know
a lot of people are like, oh, NBCSN's
gone. This is not bad for the
NHL. This is good. They're in a better position
they've ever been. Their last deal was 10 years,
200 million.
This could be a billion-dollar deal. So things are looking up for the NHL.
One billion dollars.
Even if it's half that, whatever.
It's like things are going better than they've ever been.
So also the NWHL kicked off their bubble at Lake Placid.
We usually don't pull for New York teams on here, as we know,
but in this case, Team Bastl's own honey badger, Kelly Babstock, has suited up pull for New York teams on here with, as we know, but in this case, team Boston's own honey badger,
Kelly Babstock has suited up for the New York riveters.
They won their first game the other day in the bubble.
So thanks for the t-shirts.
Whoever sent us the riveters t-shirts, all his boys.
Very appreciative. That's a great logo too, by the way, biz.
Erica sent those who's doing tons for the NWHL right now,
Erica Nardini. She's killing it for them.
Yep. I got my t-shirt
repping repping like who hey who is the video of the one girl throwing the hit it was that was a
monster hit that was scott stevens-esque open ice so i was going to bring this up have they ever
considered making women's in the professional league at least maybe not international play
maybe adding contact or is that like a faux pas?
Would the girls be in agreement to do that?
I think the reason they probably don't, for whatever reason,
whether it's physical or whatever,
women get concussed at a much higher rate than men.
They don't need the same thump as guys do for whatever reason.
And they do get concussed at such a higher rate.
I think that's why they don't want hitting women. Womencussions easier than men is that a fact yeah yeah yeah yeah because
i'm believing you are right that's no no i know you are it seems crazy to me but it does you have
the facts to support it we interviewed amanda kessel i mean it was years it was christ probably
four years ago and i'm when researching for it i was like kind of stunned to see how bad the numbers were like it's like wow they get concussed at such a higher rate and you know i
don't know if it's a physicality again thing or genetics thing or whatever but you know if these
girls are going to concuss at that high of a level then you probably don't want hits but i agree with
you biz a hit like that you want to see in the game but well i'd be interested to know what the
girls think of it if they're like no no that's just like not part of our game sure i but i i would say like that
clip ended up getting crazy views i'm like why is there a massive open ice hit being thrown in the
nwhl tournament inside this uh in this bubble and it garnered a lot of attention it just
sparked my curiosity as to is this something that they would potentially introduce in order to to
have more people interested?
I don't know.
You know what?
I think maybe we should bring on one of my former protgs,
Kelly Babstock, who I coached up at Toronto, Muskoka, rather.
Yeah, absolutely.
We should get her on because it would be good to get some insight on that.
Moving right along with some hockey news.
They did start the season with pucks embedded with tracking technology,
but they were changed out back on January 19th because they weren't up to snuff that is to say
the pucks did in this from the league did not receive the same precise finishing treatments
as during the 2020 playoffs i don't know why or how that happens but it's expected that the new
supply of tracking pucks will be available soon. And they'll be backing after use and quality control testing.
Ask if there are any problems with the recalled pucks.
Brad Marchand said, yeah, they wouldn't go in the net,
which is a joke about the Bruins inability to score early on.
And per Greg Wyshynski.
He is just a media darling.
He loves it.
And per Greg Wyshynski,
one NHL player said the pucks were quote terrible and quote,
don't slide,
adding that the players had voiced their displeasures with them.
So, yeah, the league's trying to do the right thing as far as measuring stuff
and whatever.
They fucked up putting these chips in the pucks,
and instead of keeping with them, they took them out and they replaced them.
So, live and learn.
So, they're not going to try to fix the technology and reintroduce them?
Or they have not mentioned it?
No, they're going to make sure the next time they do it, do it right now why they didn't do it right i know it's like
what i say fuck off with this shit like what do i need to know how fast the puck's moving and and
like it's it's all about the field like some of these guys have been playing with the same
pucks for their whole lives and then they're going to change up the feel of it like there's
gotta be different reasons though there has to be plans in terms of what numbers you're gonna get than just being able to say like oh it's going correct 100 but like
so so then what so then the broadcast is just going to be fed up with these numbers is what
the pucks track like i don't know man like at a certain point i'm like fuck off with this shit
let them play with the fucking og pucks if it's if it's if you're trying to do it in order to garner attention uh you know because they think it would it help grow the game fuck man sure i
guess but am i am i a little bit too negative with these chips and the pucks folks i think
it's affecting play and guys are like noticing it then you're like whoa come on that has to be
one a rule in terms of anything.
Tell me what the fuck those pucks are telling you.
And then,
and then at least we can all make a judgment on it.
But this is a joke like halfway or partly through a year. They got to like switch out the pucks,
put the fucking rubber pucks and let them play and fuck off with this
analytic toy shit in the park.
Come on.
That's what they ended up doing.
Taking the old pucks from the previous season. I guess the ones they had for the
playoffs worked, and then whatever. Guys
have been noticing these ones. Let's switch it up.
Do a player poll. Do a player
poll how many guys want these chips in the pucks.
Then we'll fucking talk.
Same amount of fighting still in the game.
Come on! A chip in a jersey is easy,
but a chip in a puck, you're messing
with the fundamental fucking ingredient. Come on, Gary.
All right.
Stick to your shit.
We wouldn't put a chip in that shoe of yours, that black Air Jordan.
Put a chip in your fucking sketches.
Put a chip in your sketches, Gary.
Come on.
Hey, Tuesday night, we had 10 number one picks playing all at the same time.
Ovechkin, Sid, Eric Johnson, Patty Kane, Taylor Hall, the Nate Dog,
Aaron Ekblad, Rasmus Dahlen,
Jackie Hughes, and Alexei
Lafreniere. Pretty good, man.
We always talk about the talent in the league
spread out everywhere. It's good to see,
man. Every night, we've got tons of good players.
Even if it's a bad team on, you're going
to have at least two, three good players
on it. If you guys see that
fucking video of the Kazakh goalie, he went
nuts. He threw a stick, his waffle
glove, then he broke another stick going to the
bench. KHL snapshows are
far above any snapshows.
I'm doing Tukarov's
impression in Providence. That's a true
snapshot right there in the
Kazakh league. Conor
McGregor, Dunzo, second
round. I don't know how the fuck I didn't bet against him
Everyone that mother was betting him
Everyone was sucking his dick
And it's like dude he was like a 4-1 favorite
I wish I checked the odds because I probably would have played the underdog
Man the guy's old man
I don't think he's the same fighter as he was
Fucking 5-10 years ago
Right before the fight my girlfriend looked at me
And said I'm telling you
Don't take McGregor.
Take the other guy.
There's no chance he wins.
And I'm like, no fucking way.
I'm like, no fucking way.
She has no clue.
No UFC.
She's like, I will bet you anything Conor McGregor does not win this fight.
And we were going at it about it.
And fucking look what happens.
It looks foolish.
So you laid fucking foot on McGregor?
Yep.
Yes, I did.
And I look like an idiot now.
Wow.
I think that McGregor, this is such an outsider's view.
I know I don't know a lot about the UFC.
But when he came up, I think he was like never going to be outworked by anyone.
I think his preparation was like it just seemed like he was so into his craft and now he's so Hollywood and
he's, he knows that his name's going to draw the, the, the fight. Like I,
I don't, I would guess his work ethic is not what it is.
Not what, what it was when he was really dominant.
I think focus focus would probably be more like kind of the same thing.
Right. Yeah. Because you do need a lot of that going into a fight.
I don't know much about the fight game either.
I don't think he's going to go away because as far as ratings,
I think they, like the last,
I think four of the five top UFC rated pay-per-view buys have been him.
And his name's still huge.
So right now he said that he's going to do the trilogy against the same guy.
Whether that guy wants to do that or not, I don't know.
I think he wants a title fight.
And then he could also go back to Diaz.
So if he's fighting, I'm dialed in.
I want to know what the fuck.
He's a clown show.
It's a circus, and I want to watch it.
For everyone who's like, if you've ordered a rough and rowdy,
and there's maybe been technical difficulties,
it can fucking happen at the highest level because espn plus apparently like how i didn't get the fight how like you couldn't even get the fight i guess it was like broken for so many people it's
like oh my god you think you're waiting to get the gif after what just wait and get the gif after
that's all i do yeah i mean i don't know if. If it goes five rounds and it's a legendary fight, I mean, it's like the issue is buying it,
and nowadays with technology,
you still couldn't, half these people couldn't get it.
I said the same thing.
I said most of the time you're like,
oh, I want to see it,
but how many times do you leave yourself after being like,
oh, I wish I would have bought it?
It's like it never lives up to the hype.
Yeah, exactly, exactly.
So, yeah.
Well, congrats to Robbie Fox, who's our peer at Bastl Sports.
I mean, I love Robbie, man.
This kid was an intern for Riggs back in the day,
and now he's flying on private planes to fucking Abu Dhabi with
what's his name?
Dana White.
Dana White.
And doing 101.
You were on a PJ there?
No, that part was made up. Well, it was a charter jet, not a PJ, want a P.J. there? No, that part was made up.
It was a charter jet, not a P.J., but a charter.
Oh, still?
Yeah, still, no.
Oh, he did fly there with him?
Yeah, it was a whole media thing because, you know, the COVID situation,
they don't want fucking, you know, Joe Rando coming on a plane.
Good for him.
He's worked hard.
I mean, it seems like he legit goes at that.
Like, that's his thing.
UFC has become tight with Dana White.
I mean, if you can get that guy in your corner,
he's going to just keep getting bigger and bigger in that sport.
So, I'm happy for him.
I mean, I know his boys, McGregor, he's probably crying after the loss,
but he got to interview him, I saw.
But Robbie does  I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
No, no, no.
It was just good to see for him.
Yeah, and I think he knows  what Robbie does I'm sorry what God sorry no no no it's just good good to see for him yeah and I
think he you know he knows he what Robbie does he acknowledges he's a kind of fanboy and he still
covers it like you know like he'll say yeah I like the guy but he got fucking his ass kicked like
some people will like just always like kiss ass he's able to acknowledge that he likes a guy and
say hey and still be impartial so I like man. He's great at what he does.
Also, Biz, we talked about the Tiger documentary.
Whit, did you get a chance to see it or what?
I watched it.
I watched it last week after we recorded.
I thought the online crying about it was way out of line.
I thought it was very well done.
I thought it was  what they did is  and you could say, oh, everyone there,
no one talked  he doesn't talk to anyone anymore. But those are people people who tiger cut out of his life they weren't vindictive after they were just saying
hey here's our perspective on him and i thought that was the most insight into tiger woods i've
ever gotten anywhere 100 by the people who knew him the best and they weren't pissed they weren't
mad they were just like hey this is the deal and it's clear with that his father was like dr
frankenstein he made a robot
and you know you wouldn't have tiger woods the champion without the crate like the
bad element it's like you had to take the whole kit and caboodle it humanized them that too
completely humanized them i've always been a tiger fan during that period of time wit where he was
like so successful but yet he seemed like agitated by the media i never understood it i was still a
fan of it obviously after everything happened there was probably a lot of secrets being kept
to where it might probably created him to where he had you know he had the double life going but
holy shit for him to to be able to to turn it around man and get through that as a human being
um it it was cool i felt like a little greasy watching it hearing
the story from his like ex-girlfriend in high school just being like yeah essentially his old
man wrote me a letter breaking up with me and like forced him and how he was so controlled and
i don't know i felt like it wasn't information that he probably wanted divulged same with the
the buddy at the golf course and the fact that he was talking about him and his old man you know
crushing chicks behind.
I don't think it was gossipy though, but I thought it gave insight into like,
yeah, his mentality. Like the fact that, yeah, you have, you're,
you're a 10, 10 year old kid and your father's banging fucking broads in a
trail. Like it's,
you don't think it affects you until 25 years later when you realize you got
too married. Yeah.
So is this something that Tiger Woods signed off on or he, that he,
no, no, no, right, right.
So it's kind of information that he probably didn't want out there,
and there were so many people divulging how deep-rooted it was
and maybe why it got there.
I don't know.
I felt a little bit dirty watching it, but ultimately he's one of the
if not  he's probably the most significant athlete
outside of Muhammad Ali, right, as right? As far as world renowned.
In the last 50 years, he's definitely in the conversation.
He's better at golf than anyone's ever been at a sport.
That's what I say.
When he was at his peak, when he was at the best that he's ever been,
I think he was better at golf than anyone's ever been at their respective sport.
If you like the documentary, I, I, I, I mean,
I enjoyed it for people who said it was a hit piece. I don't know, man.
I couldn't agree with that less. Now here's what I'll say.
You'd got to go read the book, but if you want more, that,
that documentary was based upon a book by Jeff Benedict and Armin Katayian
called Tiger Woods.
It was the number one New York times bestsellers. And you got 10 times more info in the book. You got a lot of the same stories in
the documentary, but if you want even more, the book is incredible read. And it really shows just
like the documentary did just more in depth of how he became who he was. And so you look at like
his life and you look at how good he was at golf and the weirdest
part was the the perfect image and they were so adamant about it was this pristine human being he
was just an amazing golfer and then off he was perfect off off the course he had a beautiful
wife he had kids all these sponsorships and it was like once people start seeing and the documentary
went into the couple
of the people that spoke i hated the guy with the bow tie was such a little prick right when he came
on the screen you know he sucked and he's talking about how but what he's saying is true is that like
the the country the united states or the world they they like want to see the people at at the
top fail and and it's like, it's drama.
And it's, there are people who are rooting for you
to just go down if you're at the top of your profession.
So people are out there gunning for him.
And then the way he treated the media,
that makes it even more different where guys,
all right, you're going to make it clear you hate us.
Well, there's going to be some people
that aren't going to keep covering up everything
for you, Tiger.
And so the story originally breaks about the cheating and like the rachel you could tell and like he does the cover of men's fitness
so that national inquire yeah that's that's where it got a little greasy and so when you start
hearing what all these women he's banging and like it wasn't a double life he was living like
a thousand different lives and so the all goes back to his father though and now it was crazy seeing his
emotion after he won the british open and and his father was the first major he won since his dad
had passed away and he's hugging his caddy stevie williams it's like this guy's dad was such a
scumbag i don't really feel bad saying that like what this guy did and read the book and it goes
even more in depth of what this guy did he had other kids he didn't fucking even talk talk about or see he was not a good person but he's still
it's his it's his dad right he loved him and and the thing is like you see like you said all right
you're 10 years old and you're practicing and your dad's giving some hot blonde a lesson and
then he's taking her in the winnebago like how are you gonna be a normal human being yeah like i don't
want to say like tiger's not at fault for anything that he did but like dude i don't know man like
you're fucking raised and you look up and your hero is this guy that's pulling these scumbag
moves day after day it's like they're on tournaments they're traveling for tournaments
and and and earl woods is like banging women it's like how are you going to be like a a person with like principle and values growing up with that like and not even
hiding it was the bizarre thing and especially like go ahead like not to say it's any more right
but it's just like just being that open about it it's just like that's like that's got to be
where you're taught like oh is this is this normal like am i allowed to talk about this at the dinner table like you combine that with no childhood i mean he was programmed to
be a golfer like his girlfriend said like and she added a lot to that that documentary like he was
just a nerdy kid who was fun when he went and hung up the girlfriend in the house but other than that
it was just robotic golf shit all the time so he never had that like not an 18 19 20 year old
kid he never had the college thing
he was just a golf nerd who never like sowed his oats so when he was married and he fell into that
whole routine he still had these unscratched fucking itches and then you're hanging out
with michael jordan and fucking charles bockley in vegas i mean i'm sure they i'm sure they love
their names being mentioned in that too oh you think they give a shit they did nothing wrong
i mean tag is the one who you know was you know a shit they did nothing wrong i mean tiger's the
one who you know was you know had the infidelity but yeah i mean he was a kid because he you know
was never fucking he never had that experience when he should have had it because he was pushed
into this or pushed into that and you know he did it too late in life and i don't know it's just a
fascinating story it's fascinating and for every tiger woods or there's nobody else like tiger
woods but for all these parents who do try doing this to kids there's thousands of kids who end up
fucked up from it so it's like you can't raise your child the way they did i mean it worked out
he's the greatest of all time but i saw the people who were speaking in that document and a bunch of
them kind of pissed me off like the girl it's like friend it's like how how like i just would
have liked to know the friendships on a couple of those people and the one though that i didn't
disagree with is his caddy steve williams who yeah now here's the argument he tiger tiger probably
made that guy might have made like 30 million dollars caddy for tiger who knows so it's like
tiger's looking at like i don't owe this guy shit but for what they went through and like what he
did to change the
game of golf and like to become the most famous maybe the most famous person on the planet and
then boom forever you're done like that shows how he like he was just born and raised a certain way
where he will cut you out of his life let me let me ask you this how How do you feel about the fact that  Steve what?
What's his last name?
Steve Williams.
Williams.
When  was he moving on too quick to another golfer?
Because he ended up going with Adam Scott.
So is that kind of betrayal?
Okay, no.
So that wasn't what happened.
So when he got pissed, the story he tells is he asked while Tiger was injured,
can I caddy for somebody?
He wasn't  and I think i i mean i don't
know but tiger it seemed like you to even ask that you're dead to me like but then he went on with
once he was fired he went on with adam scott so it totally made sense at that point he's like all
right i'm gonna go to one of the other best golfers in the world the craziest thing steve
williams ever did is he won like a random tournament with adam scott and he's like this
is the best win of my career.
It's like, dude, you won 13 majors with Tiger.
You just won the Bridgestone invitation with Adam Scott.
Settle down.
The pro-am?
Was it a pro-am?
But certainly not a hit.
Certainly not a hit piece.
And if you like the documentary, the book Tiger Woods goes into way more detail.
Yeah, I thought it was very well done.
Again, not a hit piece.
And Biz, as far as what you were asking about yeah he had said that uh steve said i asked tiger can i caddy for him and he said
yes you could and then the day of the tournament not even tiger wanted tigers reps called and said
don't caddy farm and he's like well i already told him i am and you already told me i could
i mean again who knows maybe tiger but either way the phone i think the theme and
what like what just said is that there were this documentary is made of people who he has emotionally
cut out of his life who all know him and again it wasn't like they were vindictive or mad even
the fucking broad he used to hook up but rachel you could tell if there was someone who was going
to be vindictive it would have been her and i thought she was like pretty spot on like you know
she wasn't like a scorned, but yeah, she loved them.
And, and by the way, he told every fucking brother he hooked up,
but I think it was like, Oh, I'm going to come.
I'm going to come.
I love you.
I love you.
Cause every brother in the fucking show is in love with him.
But like, she even wasn't delusional.
Like, yeah, I was in love with Tiger woods, but I thought her,
her input was pretty essential to the documentary.
But how about his line?
How about his line after he calls her?
He's like, get what you can do. Exactly. Dude. Like he was telling he calls her he's like get what you can exactly dude like he was telling her like fuck it get what you can when she said that i was like
okay all right this guy uh yeah yeah get what you can i mean uh good luck in there
we're not gonna bring him up there was some rather tawdry disgusting details on that fucking
documentary as well the perkins the perkins
way to watch it absolutely yeah we're gonna leave it that biz because you're disgusting
sometimes oh and you might one other person i gotta say giant fuck you too that billy pain
loser i thought the press conference that he gave oh my god the whole masters crowd
dude you're like running a golf club.
Racist bullshit, dude.
Oh, my God.
That was ridiculous.
That's all that was.
Like none of those guys fucking cheat on their wives.
Like I'm not going to say names,
but there are plenty of guys on the tour who cheat on their fucking wives
and they're going to like hang Tiger for that.
That was like pure racist bullshit.
Sorry.
R.A. just took over your anger right there.
Yeah.
He did.
He reminded me how fucking stupid it was.
Yeah, this guy fucking cheated on his wife
and they made it part of the tour story
as if it was relevant to the fucking Masters.
Yeah, that was crazy.
It was like our hero let us down.
Yeah, yeah.
Overdramatic bullshit.
Just run the Masters.
Yeah.
Well, look at the name of the fucking thing.
The Masters fucking says it all.
All right, boys.
Any more Tiger Notes before we get ready to finish up here? i'm glad i don't have 10 cavities oh god all right
hey uh one more note here a long time toronto maple leaf george armstrong uh died sunday at
the age of 90 uh he was a hockey hall of fam and he helped the toronto maple leafs won the stanley
cup four times back in the 60s and he was one of the first players of indigenous descent to play professional hockey,
played all of his 21 seasons in the NHL for the Leafs,
12 of them as their captain.
He was also named one of the 100 greatest Leafs of all time.
And he had his number 10 retired by the squad.
So us guys here on spitting chickens would like to thank,
I'm sorry,
extend our deepest condolences to George's family,
his many friends in the Toronto Maple Leafs family on the loss.
Obviously a legend of the game.
Sorry to hear it.
We want to extend our condolences.
Boys, did you have any other stuff you wanted to add?
Foligno sent a tweet out just about how his father would talk about him
all the time and how unbelievable of a man he was.
So, yeah, it's a tough, tough loss to the hockey community for sure.
And, yeah, it's a fucking not a great way to start out the year.
Right.
But a life well lived 90 years, hockey hall of fame,
Stanley cups in Toronto.
And also we want to do, I'm sorry, what?
Oh, he said he did it all.
He certainly did.
And we also want to acknowledge to the Boston sports app has opened up in
Michigan right now.
We've only been in Pennsylvania, but if you in Michigan, you can bet online with your phone.
Barstool Sports app.
Us guys here at Chicklets, we've been coming up with props every day.
Sportsbook.
Barstool Sportsbook app.
I'm sorry.
Barstool.
All right.
Sorry, G.
Cut me off there.
No, you're right.
Check it out.
If you're in Michigan, Pennsylvania, it's awesome stuff.
And ideally, we're going to be in more states.
As long as more states keep legalizing gambling, we are going to be there.
It's good stuff.
We're coming up with props every day.
What's the Monday night prop?
I know it's already going to have played, but be at the tour.
USA, Brady Kachuk, and Quinn Hughes, both of them to get a point tonight.
We got boosted odds.
It's going to be awesome.
We've got two Canadian teams, so let's root for the Americans.
We figured out a way to do it with the Chicklets prop,
so we're going to be doing this stuff all year, the gambling corner.
Again, there's no segment this week because I don't know the lines
until they come out.
There's only one game Monday.
Just follow me on Twitter.
Follow me on IG.
I'll give you my picks.
Boys, anything else before we wrap up?
Maritimers.
You guys asked me what people are named from the East Coast,
and I had about 1,000 Maritimers be like,
you're not even Canadian
we should start doing
mea culpa's at the beginning of each
episode what's that
mean like what we fucked up
the week before oh that would be the whole
two hour podcast
yeah
Maritimers
love you guys
have a fantastic week and we'll see you next week.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
La, la, la, la, la.
Hey, baby.
La, la, la, la, la.
Hey, baby.
La, la, la, la, la.
Hey, baby.
La, la, la, la, la.
As always, we'd like to thank our Dynamite sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets.
Big thanks to our longtime friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Huge thanks to our new friends over at TaylorMade, keeping our swing straight.
Big thanks to everybody at Blue Nile.
If you haven't checked them out yet, by all means do,
especially if you're in the market for an engagement ring or just some regular jewelry.
Huge thanks to our friends at Simpli Simply Safe for keeping everybody safe at home.
Big thanks to our new friends at Bruce for keeping our chiclets nice and clean.
And a huge thanks to our longtime friends over at Roman for taking care of the fellas.
Have a great week, everybody.
