Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Oh, I'm on, gang? I got my Tampa Bay Buccaneers hat on right now. Tom Brady back in the Super Bowl.
But, Whit, I got to say it.
We'll go to you first.
This is our official 50th anniversary of Spitting Chicklets.
The very first show we did was right before the Super Bowl in 2016.
I forget the date, but it's kind of an anniversary.
I figured I'd spring that on you.
I appreciate that.
What's five years?
Nickel?
Silver?
Five, yeah.
Nickel, I guess.
I don't know what you buy for a 50th anniversary, but I'll take it.
You ain't getting a watch, Whit. I'll tell you that much.
No matter what it is, that's five years.
I'll say sometimes it feels like it was 20 years ago,
and sometimes it feels like it was 20 minutes ago.
So I guess that means we're having fun.
Five years is a long time, though.
I just said the other day I want 1,000 episodes. I'm done.
I didn't sniff 1,000 games played played and i want a bonus from biz that's why i'm doing that this is gonna quit right before the thousandth episode i'm pulling a dan gerardi disappears
yeah whoever right in that 975 mark he's hanging with tim robbins in in mexico after he gets out of shawshank just gone yeah
exactly exactly where i'm gonna be so yeah man five years like you said with sometimes it feels
like 20 sometimes it feels like we just started time becomes kind of crazy as you get older you
realize a year isn't that long but uh hopefully yeah i don't know if it's gonna be five more but
we're gonna keep on chugging i would love nothing more than to do a thousand episodes it's uh it's
great i was able to quit my job and do this for a living well you're more than to do a thousand episodes. It's great. I was able to quit my job and do this for a living. Well, you're going to have to do a thousand and one because you were suspended an episode.
I don't know if you remember that.
I believe I appealed that.
Oh, he appealed it in one.
He went to the.
That's how bullshit.
Don't be bad clocking me and fire me with fucking one game to go.
Dave brought him to the Department of Podcast Safety and he almost got the he almost got the ejection, but we...
Hey, it's a tough job.
We always say those guys have a tough job.
That's right.
I ain't leaving.
I ain't fucking leaving.
Yeah, that was fun.
That was a fun chapter in Chicklets history,
but let's say hi to the rest of the boys.
Producer, Mikey Grinelli, what's going on, buddy?
Nothing, guys.
Just snowed in here in New York City
playing some video games,
then designing up some sweet merch., Biz, you're wearing.
Nice South Shore King's Ryan Whitney shirt.
In R.A., one of our best pieces yet, a Battle of Alberta concert tee that drops on Friday.
That is sick.
We're just making some merch.
That's what we do.
How many times?
What do they play?
Ten times this year?
Twenty.
Twenty-six times.
Hey, speaking of snow, Mikey, you just mentioned.
Sorry, Biz. We haven't gotten to you yet oh you're fine let me tell you one of uh the best feelings in life is when you leave
somewhere this is as a northern person this is someone who lives and has grown up where there's
snow there's no better feeling than leaving somewhere cold and going somewhere warm i'm in
florida and then where you're usually living gets pounded by snow.
It's like, oh, I don't feel bad.
I'd feel bad for you, but I'm more just like,
what a time to get out of there.
What a play by me.
What a play by me.
So sucks to hear, Mikey, but you'll survive.
Vernon Fidler told me about a guy he played with every time.
He'd make the outlet pass in the D zone.
I think it was Tyson Berry who gave Mcid the pass where he went end to end and then the pile he'll be like
what a play by me just just off the glass and out what in the pile and the boys know that he
contributed that of course is paul biz nasty bisonette out in the desert you get no snow out
there uh i gotta say i'm a little jealous when i'm out there, but honestly, I don't mind the snow.
You get used to it when you've been here for a long time.
Are you shoveling?
Yeah, I'll be shoveling.
It's that wet shit, too, that's no fun.
All right, be careful, too.
You know shoveling is dangerous as shit.
Take your time.
Get a stretch in.
Not even kidding around.
Get a dynamic warm-up in and get out there and get your wrists going
and use your legs.
A lot of heart attacks.
Like people, because they go too hard,
they think they're going to get it all done in one fell swoop.
And you got to go slow, steady.
Headphones, a couple beers, keep them in the snow.
We got to get a PSA, RA, doing the warm-up like Jimenez
before the golf course.
I'm here to talk about snow.
No, not that guy.
Forget the dynamic warm-up. It's just the dynamic toke-up. RAs getting ready by just ripping that guy. The guy that falls from the sky. Forget the dynamic warm-up.
It's just the dynamic toke-up.
R.A.'s getting ready by just ripping that ball.
Absolutely, man.
I love the snow.
I don't know.
It gets a little cold, but whatever.
R.A.'s doing snow angels in the park.
Oh, did you see the guy?
R.A. got on mushrooms again, the neighbors.
Yep.
Eating the yellow snow cones.
A garbageman.
Well, they call them bin men in England, which is hilarious, instead of garbageman. Well, they call them bin men in, in England,
which is hilarious.
Instead of garbage and bit like they're the bin man and a garbage bin
got fired for fucking karate chop and a fucking snowman to death.
And they caught it on CCTV and they fucking fired the guy fucking
beating up a snowman.
He got fired.
Oh,
well probably some kids,
probably some kid did it.
And then they got it on the,
you know,
they have those cameras now to catch the people stealing their packages off the front door yeah
exactly a video of this of this fedex driver going the karate chop right to the jugular on this
garbage man but the picture and what sucks well because boston we can't use fit pictures like we
used to they're very strict about it but i can send you the link there's a picture in the the
sun over in england and it's the little kid he's at like this chubby little british kid with like the saddest face
standing in front of a like pile of snow and a carrot and like a couple like chock whole things
there like all sad as fucking snowman got killed yeah he's on death row i actually read the story
dude like the guy lost his job or a fucking snowman that's a little ridiculous although
i have referred seen referred to as snow people this winter, too. Oh, okay. Yeah, that's true.
Correct terms.
They got cranks now.
You got to check for cranks on a snowman.
Oh, shit.
Listen, gang, now that hockey is back, you're going to have to find your shot.
And what better way to do that than with the new Pink Whitney minis?
From January 1st to March 26th, we are giving Chicklets fans a chance to win a custom-made Pink Whitney shot machine.
Biz got like 17 of these in his house.
It's awesome.
All you have to do is post a picture of you and your Pink Whitney.
It doesn't have to be a mini.
It could be any size.
And use the hashtags, hashtag Pink Whitney, hashtag Take Your Shot,
hashtag Sweepstakes, and we'll be picking winners every other week.
So make sure to get creative with your submissions so it catches our eye.
And the new Pink Whitney 50-milliliter minis can be found wherever you buy
your spirits in both the U.S. and Canada.
And if minis doesn't ring a bell to you New Englanders, that's what we call nips elsewhere.
I've been getting so many outdoor rink posts with the Pink Whitney in hand,
and then also even some people making snow cones.
I know I mentioned the yellow ones.
You can actually have good pink ones that have alcohol in them.
So you guys have been awesome as far as all the submissions you guys have already sent.
We're going to keep picking winners up until when?
Middle of March, Grinnelly?
March 26th, yep.
March, a little bit extended there.
So excited to get this going.
And once again, thank you for all the support for the people who have supported Pink Winnie from the beginning.
I love the skiing pitches too, man.
Top of the mountain on there.
Top of, you know.
Yeah, I saw you.
You wrote to somebody jealous.
Lake Tahoe, it was a sick picture are you were you jealous like of where they're
sitting with pink whitney or were you like are you a skier jealous i wasn't skiing with the man
wow i didn't know you skied well i can't say how much in the last five ten years but yeah i i went
skiing frequently as a kid it was one athletic endeavor i actually didn't suck at um so i i
loved it man plus you can even if you suck when you ski,
you can still go out and have fun out there, you know?
Speaking of skiing, I've never been skiing before.
And I'm actually going to Aspen middle of this month
to check it out for a couple of days.
It'll be the first time I ever ski.
How have you never been skiing before?
I have never, ever, ever been skiing before.
I put on a snowboard at one point down
and at one of like my local parks and tried
to go down i fell like both times right away i took it off so i would technically say i've never
been skiing before and or snowboarding so i'm we i think we're gonna get an instructor one of the
days to teach me the basics we'll go down the easy hills to start and then next thing you know i'm
gonna be doing k2 and shit much easier than snowboarding
it's like 10 times snowboarding and i i respect snowboarders a lot of cool cats snowboard but
when you're getting off the lift and then you gotta buckle in and all the ski guys are like
come on man it's it's it's a pain in the ass i'm gonna say that as a guy who skis and doesn't
snowboard you're just you're just like dude come on buckle
in you know it's just that extra step i want to get down that mountain i love skiing biz i think
you'll enjoy the hell out of it aspen as well i mean forget just the away mountain scene right
you're gonna have you're gonna be seeing beautiful people you're gonna have some great meals oh you
got some like camouflage goggles i actually went skiing the last year last year i went skiing right before
corona i was ripping it around i wore my usa olympic hockey jacket she's the only winter jacket
i had it's pathetic i know but all these people i was getting recognized i said next year i'm gonna
go and i'm just gonna carry a backpack packed with uh chiclets merch and we can just be chucking
them to everyone because i think pink whitney along with the merch looks great up on a hill those are hardcore for somebody who's never been down a hill
oh i'm gonna get all geared up like you wearing those on the bunny slope is just we need pictures
of that i want to get the one-piece suit and look like that like the clown from like the 80s what
was the movie they did hot tub time machine Machine? Yeah, that was a great flick.
They had some great retro onesies in there,
so I'm going to have to look online and get dialed in before I go, R.A.
Yeah, now I want to go skiing.
How about Gaz?
It's like fucking Joe Below Zero in New England right now.
He's up in the mountains in Vermont snowmobiling.
Yeah, and it's his dream because you never have to take your hat off
at a ski hill.
In the summer at a club it's
like guys there he's like oh i'm great oh shit all right boys let's go to a little hockey talk
that's what we do here on spit and chiclets on occasion and we're gonna take my goggles off
you can do that yeah thanks yeah absolutely we're back up there that's hilarious uh huge news out
of the new york rangers camp this week they waived defenseman Tony D'Angelo after
he got in quote an altercation with goalie Alexander Georgiev after an overtime loss
it was quickly broken up per the athletics Rick Coppanyello he's been covering the Rangers since
the 70s Larry Brooks reported that K. Andre Miller was actually the player who broke it up
either way the Rangers waived the right shot D man yesterday by noon on Monday.
He wasn't claimed by any of the other 30 teams. He's got a 4.8 million contract for this season
and next one assistant, six games played. This just came over the wire as we started recording
from Darren Drager. He said, Pat Bresson, his agent is confident they'll get a deal in the
quote near future. In the meantime, Tony D'Angelo will wait at home.
Just some crazy news.
This guy just doesn't get it.
He's 25.
He's not a kid anymore.
In the ranges of the third NHL team, done with him already.
And I guess the question is, why would a team trade for him if they could have had him on the waiver wire for nothing?
Let's go to you first, Witt.
I find it really hard to believe that he's going to be traded
in the near future.
It's like you have all this talent,
yet all you hear about is this off ice bullshit.
And it's gone on for, I mean, how old is he? 25?
25.
This is eight years now, right?
He's playing junior. There's issues.
If you're a first round draft pick and you're traded twice that quick,
and by the way, he's traded while still being a hell of a player.
I mean, definitely defensively, that's not his strong suit,
but puck moving offensive D he can play. That's just a fact.
So if you see it, that you see him being traded and you see like all these
things coming out where it's like, all right, we have issues here.
Who is going to trade for him right now and who has room like the cap is such an issue right now making deals is so
difficult everyone's like up against the cap it's just been a crazy year everyone knows so all of a
sudden you got this guy it's 4.8 next year as well so you have to make room for that while he's also like a complete loose cannon
i don't know i i i don't know him so i've never met him i can't speak to what he'd be like because
i've had a lot of his teammates tell me that they really like him and they like playing with him
so all i can say is you keep hearing stories and things keep coming out. The, the one that really shocked me too, is like today it was said,
I think Jeff Gordon said it.
He couldn't get over being a healthy scratch the second and third game in
the season.
He took a bad penalty in the first game of the years on sports and like,
and he couldn't get over being scratched.
You can't get over being scratched.
It was like Jay Bollmeister got scratched after like 1400
straight games by the blues what do you mean you can't get over being scratched biz made a career
off it yeah what the hell what do you have to get scratches just play the music and go shower with
the guys after the game it's a hell of a scratch stare at some dick and you fucking still get paid
it's great i don't know how that question started can you see him getting traded maybe at some point but right
now i don't know he's probably going to be sitting around for a little while well also in that
statement what about the fact that um you know he couldn't get over being scratched they also said
if there was one more incident that it was it was over and done with and it's finally gotten to that
point so just going back to last year and you know there there'd obviously been issues all the way up
through through junior and then when he first hit pro to the extent maybe of what happened in junior
and to what's happening now no but it seems as if though he finally found a place where he he was
confident he was producing there at least last year it seemed as if though
there were no off-ice issues like there wasn't all the the twitter stuff there wasn't anything else
and then it seemed like right before the bubble is where it kind of started escalating as as as
much of the world and the chaos did and then it's just kind of snowball snowballed from there and
you know i we don't need to get into the political stuff unless of course i'll hand it over to you where you got your hand up there no no i was i didn't want to get into the
political stuff i wanted to mention the twitter when you were finished i was just saying when
you were done i wanted to say something yeah and and and i don't know if that's been a certain
distraction on him to start the year because i don't think he's playing up to the ability that
he had last year and we were complimentary of him it seems as if though he found his home
it seems as if though new york was really happy with him I don't know if the hesitation and the only
the the reason why they offered him a two-year deal at 4.8 was maybe because of some of these
antics that were being brought back up because there was a period of time where you didn't hear
a squeak all you saw was great production we were talking about on the podcast saying this guy's
going to get probably like a five or six year deal right yeah and i think we mentioned the only way
he wouldn't or one of the reasons is because you're still kind of questioning some certain issues
now you talk about the twitter and people like right away it's like all right he was crazy pro
trump he was all into that he was was very loud on Twitter. Ideally,
as a GM, you're like, can you talk
to your client? Pat Brisson's his agent. Maybe
just tone down.
We're not trying to tell you you're not allowed
to do that. Just tone it down. And my point is this.
In the end, that actually does
not matter. That has nothing to do with what I'm
talking about and him being on waivers and teams
maybe not wanting him. I'm telling you.
Maybe it does now in the court of like public perception.
But if he was playing and he was producing and the teammates liked him and the coach
was like, no, he's a great guy.
And he was still tweeting like that.
I don't think it would matter.
So it wasn't just that.
It was like people talk about that being this huge issue.
It's like, dude, this guy was being a shitty teammate at times and he wasn't living up to the contract through seven games which or whatever how many games which
there's time to improve but if you can't get over the scratch like and we're how are we gonna how
are we gonna improve if you can't even get over that you were scratched right and the biggest
thing being he was warned if there was one more issue and next thing you know he's going toe-to-toe
with a young goaltender in the hallway that has to be broken up by another young guy it's just kind of eventually you got to look at the overall environment and whether and and and once again
we're not i'm not speaking to a fact right now i would i would imagine at some point there was
probably some people that went in and said yeah this is probably not a healthy dynamic
and which ultimately was the straw that broke the camel's back which was the final incident of him
fighting with a teammate.
Now, guys, we've talked about on the podcast before,
plenty of guys have fought with their teammates too, though, right?
Like we go back to last year and we were praising it
in the midst of a battle in practice.
I think that's a lot different than after a game where I,
from my understanding from the whole situation,
it was Gorgiev came out, misplayed the puck.
They were hemmed in their own zone for a while i don't know if it was as a result of that or just in the whole
sequence and i think that you know not as much oxygen going to the brain the wires cross you're
yelling at the goalie for you know fucking up you guys lose the game there's a lot of pressure at
the nhl level well ultimately this whole situation kind of seemed to be like they were like enough. This is I don't I don't think that given how much we have invested in this guy moving forward, I think they were willing to cut their cut their losses.
And and I would say that they're fairly significant over the course of the next year and a half.
I think that that they they're probably counting their blessings that they made it a shorter term deal.
What do you think the chances are, R.A.,
that he gets traded in the next month?
Slim.
But that's why I want to go back to what in Bresson's speak.
He said near future.
Now, that's a very vague statement.
Near future could be next week or May.
Like, near future is such a vague thing that I think it's just kind of like,
all right, we're going to put him here.
And I don't think the Rangers are in any hurry to get rid of him.
I mean, yeah, they're paying him, whatever.
But if you can't find a suitor, fuck it let him sit there and stew i mean this kid he's 25 years old i was like again he was a first round pick by tampa stevie
why i knew he had issues he said if i get you know the kid's young we give him a chance to grow
they traded him within a year of him being playing professionally for the organization
less than a year later arizona trades him uh you Again, he's young now. He's 25 now.
I think the kid doesn't respect authority. And you're right. This isn't about politics. It's
not about what he tweets or what he says. It's about the teams asking him not to do it and just
running out of patience with him. And playing in the league, it's not a right. You don't have a
right to play in the NHL. It's a fucking privilege. So if you can't abide by your team's rules,
this isn't a First Amendment issue. Not at all.
It's like the First Amendment, so many people don't know what it means.
It has nothing to do with the government.
If your employer or Twitter or whoever says you can't say it,
then you can't fucking say it.
That's the rules they put on you.
That has nothing to do with the First Amendment.
The kid's just being a malcontent.
He's being insubordinate, and the team's fucking fed up with him.
He just seems like a guy who does not learn his lessons.
Sorry, it is crazy he was just signed this summer.
It's like you just gave him this deal.
It's that quick?
So you knew that much and you still signed him?
Almost, were you better off just trying to trade him or do something?
I mean, for it to be this quick for him to be gone,
it's like they knew there was issues when they gave him this deal.
Now, they have Adam Fox, who's nasty, offensive defenseman, and so it's like they're there was issues when they gave him this deal now they have adam fox who's
nasty offensive defenseman and so it's like they're not in a huge rush you're right to
andre miller who's been lights out i'm thinking i'm writing like him right yes you're right but
they got guys who are coming up and i mean andre miller's on an entry-level deal to where they're
probably looking at it like we're better off giving these younger guys their ice time to see
what we have here and we probably a better locker room environment and and these young guys are actually thriving so
um that's not saying that he's not you know going to take some time away and and you know maybe
change his mind frame and mentality like i'm always you know willing to to hope that somebody
can go off and change shit going back to your waiver comment though wit i would imagine that
if a trade does happen it's because another team might want to get something off the books so they need to have they need to
have something going out in order to not only retain that salary given the circumstances of
the nhl and where the cap's at but also they might they might be in a situation that's not
so favorable to them not saying they're dealing also with issues like they would be with, with, or what we've seen of D'Angelo so far,
but they got to get something off the book.
So that's,
that was my only rebuttal to what you were asking about the waiver wire.
Yeah.
To finish it off though.
It's a good point.
All right.
It's like,
it is a privilege to be in playing in the NHL.
That was a very good point because in the end,
dude,
if you're going to be an asshole over and over and over again,
at some point, nobody's going to want you around.
It doesn't matter how good you are.
And it was Larry Brooks who reported Keandre Miller broke it up.
And then another reporter, Vince Mercogliano,
he said from a well-placed source that Keandre actually made the gesture
of reaching out to Tony yesterday, Sunday.
Basically, just, hey, I mean, it sounds like Keandre has some pretty good character to reach out to a guy who, you know, by all accounts, they got along.
They had no issues.
I know there was a blogger who wrote some bullshit that turned out to not be true.
Yeah, what a phony thing to make up.
Yeah, yeah.
It's one thing.
And we all have feelings.
We all have biases when we write stuff.
But you can't fucking wish for things to be true and put it into your writing because then you lose all your credibility i think that's
probably what we saw in that situation but keandre reached out to him and like you know this kid
seems like a real good teammate and put is able to put you know whatever i'm sure they have their
differences or maybe they don't who who knows and he puts him aside tries to be a good teammate and
i don't know at this point it's like he's not worth the fucking as biz said the juice ain't
worth the squeeze anymore.
And Tony D'Angelo, when it comes to the New York Rangers,
and Jeff Gordon said as much, he's played his last game as a New York Ranger.
So, yeah, that's that.
There's nothing nobody could do.
That was the big story, guys.
Well, we got one more in the same division.
We also had a high-profile departure in Pittsburgh.
Your old haunt, Biz, as general manager Jim Rutherford.
Well, come on.
Who's known more in Pittsburgh?
Come on.
I don't know, man.
Biz is a coyote.
I'm a penguin.
At the strip clubs in Diesel, I was more known,
but anywhere else, it was wit.
Ah, shit.
Well, either way, this fucking come out of nowhere.
He's not retiring. His health is fine.
There were rumors, again, unsubstantiated.
He wanted to make a trade, and he
was rebuffed, so that's why he quit. May well
be true, but it hasn't been confirmed.
He said, I will just take it easy for a while
until the summertime, and at that point, I can decide
if I want to keep working or if I want to retire.
Rutherford wasn't shy
to make trades. He made 61 trades in his six and a half years in Pittsburgh.
To compare, David Poyle has made 126 trades in 23 plus years.
Obviously, philosophical differences, but that's a lot of movement by that GM.
And he got results.
He won two Stanley Cups.
Assistant GM Patrick Alvin will take over on an interim basis,
and he'll be the first Swede to sit in NHL GM chair in league history
so congrats to him making some history
there's a lot of names getting bandied about
let's see, Botterill, Tommy Fitz
Chris Drury, Ron Hextall, Mark Cunna
Peter Chiarelli, John Ferguson
Scott Mellenby pulled his name from
consideration because he wants to stay with the Canadians
the team did say they want to fill it
in the next couple weeks, Biz, let's go to you
first on this big news.
I mean, he's had a great run there.
The last few years have been less than desirable.
I consider they didn't even make playoffs last year
with getting beat by Montreal in the playing round.
You go back to the year before that, they got swept by the Islanders.
I would say that as of more late,
the trades have maybe left me with a few head scratchers.
Is that fair?
Sure.
I didn't like them getting rid of Hornquist.
Maybe they opened up some money to bring in Kapanen.
As far as what he did,
what did he do as far as significant moves
when they won their two cups?
Hornquist, Kessel, Bonino, Nicky Bones. do as far as significant moves when they won their two cups because i feel like a quest castle
but you know okay you know nicky bones yeah a ton i mean a ton of different uh colin do we say colin
yeah yeah there's another one yep um what was the oh he brought an um
he's a legendary gm that what that guy's called so ultimately he steps in and he's trying out all
these different uh different pieces and all these different places and he and he was like he was
kicking ass right off the hop right the moves that he made to make them successful would you agree
that maybe some of the moves as as of late have have just not worked out so i could i i guess i
could see why maybe they they pulled the plug on a move that he was going to make because some of
them have just not been great as of late so i i from what i've like looked into this subject it's certainly shocking like the ownership
mario lemieux they they had no idea this this was coming nobody did in the end it was not it was not
the case where he was trying to maybe trade malkin or Letang and was being told no from the ownership
of the higher ups that that was not the case. I think it's been going on for a long time that
Rutherford and maybe the people up top have not seen eye to eye. And then last year,
when they did lose to Montreal, he fired his assistant general managers, Jason Carmanos,
who'd been in Carolina for a long time.
And then he'd been over in Pittsburgh and he'd worked his way up and became
assistant GM. And they were very close from what I'm told, you know,
and all of a sudden he's told you got to fire him.
I don't know if that's a fact,
but that's what a lot of people say and have told me.
So you're already kind of pissed off.
You probably realize like what you've accomplished there.
And maybe all of a sudden you're old enough for you or you've done,
you've been around this game long enough.
You're like, I don't want to, I don't,
I don't want to do this anymore if what I think should happen isn't going to
be allowed to happen.
Right.
If you've won like this guy's won in the NHL and you're being told like you want to you want to hire certain people, you want to make certain trades and you kind of can't.
It probably is frustrating over time. And then to hear like possibly Dale Talon was going to be brought in when they fired Carmanos.
And I don't Rutherford didn't want that because that's really not his hire.
You know, he's going to work beneath him.
I got one year left in my deal, and he's coming in.
I'll say there's all rumors, but when enough people have heard the same thing,
I think in hockey you can tell certain things have gone on.
I don't think it takes away at all what he accomplished there
and what he got done and those trades and those guys he brought in.
That makes them Stanley Cup winners.
He made that team so fast. That firstley cup they won uh or you know sid second was that santa
that was no not san jose was the second right no san jose was one nashville was the second
sorry okay san jose that team became so fast right in the middle of the year they they added guys
where they were just so difficult you couldn't handle their speed and to get two in a row he's a legend in pittsburgh but i'm certainly sure that people
are pissed that it happened like that quick and you just kind of leave them hanging i can
completely understand though as a general manager if like you're losing that power dynamic it's it's
like well then it ain't my masterpiece give it to else. I'll go somewhere where I'm going to get full control.
Because although you think I'm trigger happy now,
what led me to success before is something I'm going to stick with.
And he's trying to find the right algorithm to surround those other guys
in that core group with the right pieces.
And going back to what I said off the hop there,
I wasn't trying to be too critical.
But as of late, it hasn't been as good as what it was.
And maybe with that, he's losing that power dynamic.
Yeah, Biz, I know you mentioned there were a couple of guys he brought in
who might not have panned out the way he wanted.
Good Branson, Bugstad, Galchenyak were guys that Pittsburgh brought in
and ended up elsewhere shortly.
But at the same time, he traded a sixth round to the Edmonton
and brought back John Marino since they won their last cup. So I think with a GM, but at the same time, he traded a six-round to the Edmonton and brought back John Marino
since they won their last cup.
So, you know, I think with a GM, you take the good, you take the bad,
but the fact that this happened just seven games into a new season,
something had to have triggered it.
I don't think he had feelings like going into the year
because he didn't retire.
His health is intact.
He says he might come back.
Well, he mentioned he wanted to go out on like a high note,
which I guess some people say this isn't but opposed to him being the gm the entire season them not making the
playoffs and then he's just like see you later i don't know it's a tougher look for him maybe he
didn't want to deal with that and and another thing too is like i'm looking at this team on
paper and like where some of their numbers are like their goaltending has been terrible to start
the season uh malcolm's been absolute dog shit.
I don't think Marino got off to the best start.
So I know it's a short season and there's probably a lot of rumblings going
on, but this is easy,
easily a team when they get their goalies back to stop in the pocket,
a normal rate and Gino's going and, you know, and, and, you know,
one of their better top four defensemen is playing well that they might go on
a run here. So this is  it's odd that it happened this soon
is where I'm scratching my head.
Yeah, that's  I suspect something triggered it.
And, again, nothing confirmed.
But if he wanted to trade, you know, not necessarily Ciro Gino,
but perhaps Letang, and the ownership rebuffs him, it's like, you know,
I'm trying to make the team better.
This is my job, trade a guy. And if they're telling him not to, and then, you know, I'm trying to make the team better. This is my job. Trade a guy.
And if they're telling him not to, and then, you know.
I was told that never happened, though, with the big dogs.
Okay, and if it wasn't that, then, again,
it's unusual for a GM to quit seven games in to just be unprompted,
for nothing to have happened shortly before this to make him leave.
I just don't think he's going to win.
Is the reason that you'd consider that a consideration,
if that makes any sense, was because of the dragger tweets that came out afterward at the fact that they
seem to be in a place where maybe they will sit down with sid and gino he alluded to it on twitter
right and and that was my next point we're going to talk about because yeah draga said that he did
his what's it called inside a trading segment and he said the he used the words seismic shift in sid
and it's like well
what the fuck else you're gonna be talking about other than trading one of these guys and if they're
gonna rebuild you know you're gonna pop one of these guys and build some assets for the future
you wonder what's going on in pittsburgh the gm and the fact that you know has not been playing
very good so it's like yeah there's a lot of things to make it seem come true and i mean the
word seismic shift and drag is not a fucking drama queen he He doesn't like throw tabloid type shit out there.
I think he's probably hearing something.
So it'd be interesting to see if, you know,
Pittsburgh is going to go that route, whatever that route may be.
And then compared to Chicago,
who've got two superstars in this tin and patent not doing nothing.
So I think he said it best when he, he said, you know,
I think they deserve to be talked to Sid and Gino.
And like, are you all about competing for a Stanley Cup right now in the next three years?
Or are you all about retiring as a Pittsburgh Penguin?
Because where are we headed?
Like, are you going to be in on where we're headed?
And all of a sudden there is discussions that you owe those two guys.
Gino even admitted he hasn't played good.
So if he understands, right? Gino, what do you think played good so if he understands right
Gino what do you think about Rutherford trading you
what do you think about
us shipping you to Edmonton
three year super league
I'm pretty sure Gino has a no move
clause like
half the league does now
must be nice
I think we can move along we spent quite a quite a long time on it but
they are two huge stories and that's what we do here uh congrats to alexandro vetchkin ties mike
gottner at 708 goals he's now seventh overall he had the overtime game winner on saturday versus
boston i mean we've talked about every show it seemed like last season but ovi keeps climbing
up the ladder i mean if this guy stays man, I think that record is in danger.
We'll obviously see what happens.
Biz, you think he can't?
He got the player of the game.
He got the headband.
From what?
The Cobra Kai show.
Cobra Kai, yeah.
It's the pussy muncher one.
You sent him it.
You charged him 10.50 for shipping.
Yeah, he had four games off to rest up.
Now he should be ready to go.
I think he might get 50 tucks this season.
That game was a great comeback by the Bruins to get a point.
Overscored the beautiful game winner in OT,
but two guys, Backstrom on Washington was so good.
The first goal, he curls up.
He's so good.
He makes it look so simple when he just curls up towards the wall.
All the defensemen lose their gap, and then he always finds a trailer.
He ends up getting assists.
He scores later.
He's just quietly so good.
You really, really don't hear people talk about him enough.
And McAvoy in Boston, he had an awesome assist to Marchand from behind the net.
He looks like so into it offensively.
Granted, we're having them on,
so maybe I'm pumping his tires a little extra,
but then he scores the big tying goal too.
So I think those two teams, they just play such good games in the same way
that the Bruins dummy, the Penguins, the Capitals own the bees.
Yeah. What's this record in the last, last, how many games are a 18 and two,
18 and two in their last 20.
Washington over Boston. How many games are a 18 and two 18 and two in their last 20. Woo.
We Washington over Boston.
Oh my God.
They got their balls in a vice.
Also balls in a vice.
Also the Bruins first game facing Zidane O'Chara since he left town.
You know,
a little milestone here,
but the best part of the game was I wrote a blog about today.
David Creche, he disputed a penalty obviously, there's no fans in the building.
I've been hearing it almost every game.
You can hear fuck and shit and play as young.
Krejci was right underneath the microphone.
He's like, that's fucking bullshit.
It's fucking bullshit.
And Andy Briggs is like, yep, I agree with you, David.
And some announcer will be like, oh, sorry about the language there.
Sorry for the children.
It's like, no.
I said, fuck is as much part of hockey as the puck and the stick.
Everyone around the rink, fuck it. it's just such a part of the thing.
We've been seeing that a lot more, man, getting squares, getting puck.
It's big time emphasized.
The JT Miller one was probably the  he did one on the way to the bench,
and then the puck came over, so he had to play it, and then he played it,
and then once he went back on the bench, another F-bomb, and then a gate slam.
It was a frustration symphony in the hockey world.
That's a great way to put it.
Frustration symphony.
And this one just came across the wire just before we started the New Jersey
devils of postponed games till at least February 6th as four more players have
been added to the COVID protocol absentee list or absence list.
Rather that's 10 devils on the list.
That doesn't necessarily mean they have it.
It just means they're in the proximity of it, whatever so you know like we said early on we expected this
stuff to happen during the season and as long as they can you know make the games up then you know
it'll all come out in the wash ideally that's what sucks too because they were they were playing some
good hockey i don't know if you're watching their games but i watched the two they had against
buffalo um hughes jack, Jack Hughes looks unbelievable.
Who's another guy?
This Ty Smith kid, the defenseman.
No, I had him early.
Hopefully people grabbed him in their hockey pools when I said his name,
if you hadn't heard of him.
Yeah, he's just eating up points.
And even their goaltending has been solid.
Wedgwood's done a good job as the backup there.
Miles Wood looks great too.
Miles Wood, yeah, he's scoring some goals.
Was he not the  did he have a post-game interview the other day
smiling with his missing chiclets?
Did he lose those teeth post-Sandbagger?
No, I think he had a flipper in that whole time.
Oh, okay.
Ty Smith tied for the rookie lead in scoring two goals, six assists.
Same as Kirill Kaprizov.
So, yeah, that kid's getting it done.
Whit gave him a shout-out not too long ago.
Also, Whit mentioned Chucky McAvoy, Charlie McAvoy.
We're going to bring him on in a little bit.
We also have Colin Wilson, who just retired after a nice career in the NHL.
He opened up with us quite a bit.
So, again, we'll get to that shortly.
Our boy, Hazy, with the little overtime game-winner action over the weekend.
I'm sure you saw that, Whit.
Sick dish by Giroux.
I like that right away, Hazy just dish by Giroux. I liked it right away.
Hazy just respects.
He's a disher, right?
And when somebody gives you a pass that good to win the game,
he just points at him right away.
It wasn't even like an arms race,
which is immediately pointed to Giroux.
That's all you.
So that was a sick shot.
The Islanders actually, they've struggled,
but like we were talking about, they struggle to score.
But still, like when I watch the highlights,
because I really don't watch them play that much.
No offense, guys.
Barzal is so, so incredible.
When he ends up like beating guys up the ice,
like, you know, you get the camera behind the net
and you're watching him like they're right next to him.
And two seconds later, he's got four feet on you.
So his goal, he scored.
Great play by Anders Lee.
Voracek had a tough back.
I was going to say, I was watching the back check by Voracek,
and I'm like, Barzell's right in the middle of the ice the entire time.
Did he try to assume that he was going to throw a drop pass in there
to pick it off to go the other way?
He was completely on the wrong side.
He was basically in line with the dot on the left side.
He went over to Lee, who the D-man had.
The D-man, yeah.
I think he was anticipating the drop pass.
Listen, I mean, I wasn't the best player, but I tell you what.
He's going to bury us on Twitter, Biz.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, put your head in a swivel.
Fuck you.
I'm going to murder your family.
All right, well, we're going to get over to McAvoy in a sec,
but first, we got a word from Ryan Whitney.
But now saying that, we wouldn't be chirping them
if they didn't come back or win the game in overtime.
So hopefully he's not that pissed off about it.
Fair enough, fair enough.
All right, well, I'm here to talk to you guys about Peter Millar
and their crown soft sweaters.
We've talked a lot about Peter Millar,
how solid this gear is, how good it looks,
how light it is, easy to carry around.
Now they got the sweaters.
They're soft.
They're casual, sophisticated,
and it's a quarter zip that's made from exceptionally soft,
lightweight blend of Pima cotton.
Pima.
Crazy. Crazy, Biz.
Silk and cashmere. You know cashmere is nice.
A hint of performance yarn works to reduce wrinkles and maintain shape.
How nice is that? Nobody wants to be wrinkly shirt guy.
Finished with a contrast interior collar and a rib knit cuffs and hem.
Sounds legit to me.
Layer over a Peter Millar sports shirt for the complete look.
That's what you want to look like.
Peter Millar guy.
The yarn is exclusive to Peter Millar and special yarn treatment for durability.
And it's easy to take care of and perfect for sweater weather or tailgating, traveling, lounging, etc.
The additional benefits that are included with this sweater is it's a layer over a polo or sport shirt and it can be more casual or dressed up for dinner biz you want to take your your wife out to dinner sure do you
want to take your babe out to dinner you chuck this thing on you'll look great so peter millar
dot com slash chicklets lovely read read and lovely, lovely gear.
Appreciate that.
It is.
It is.
Actually, we did forget to mention.
Thanks, Grinnelly, for reminding us.
Kevin Hayes, we had him as an exclusive chicklets prop.
Will he score that night?
So, again, I know the app is only in Pennsylvania and Michigan right now.
We're also in sports books that are under the pen name.
They're there as well.
So, yeah, we're trying to branch out a little, get a little people off.
They're going to be playing games of chance.
Try out hockey.
I know it's not as popular as football and basketball when it comes to wagering, but there's some fun to be had there.
And that's a that's a good example of it.
What's up is.
Well, I'm not granted either, but I've been reading all these gambling blogs you've been putting out.
You've been you and Merle's together have been pretty hot.
No.
Yeah, we started last week hot and then it got cold at the end.
I mean, you know, you're losing games on shootout and overtime.
And, like, I mean, yesterday, Dallas, I had them goals over two and a half.
You loved them too.
I loved them.
They were money line.
They were down 2-0.
They come back.
They're up 3-2.
Carolina just pulled the goalie.
They didn't even have the chance to get the 6 on 5.
And Hudobin, who had a great game, should have made the save.
They tie it.
So you go from, like, looking like you're going to sweep the six on five and who dobin who had a great game should have made the save they tie it so you go from like looking like you're gonna sweep the board and have a four or five dime day
to basically break an even or losing a little because and then the confidence is shot and then
you're like off it's crazy yeah you like you know like it's like i hope marley don't i hope marley
doesn't fucking email you i got a bet today then i got a bet too you know what i mean it's like but
no monday's are great because it's like you got a clean slate and you know my guys i i would i my my shops they you know they're pretty
kind to me so i can uh start fresh on monday and you know what i might start gambling i don't know
if i can uh handle the emotional highs and lows though what do you think wit am i too a little
too dramatic for the gambling world i just think you couldn't handle losing the money
well i'd be i'd be betting like five bucks on games and stuff.
Oh, then, yeah, who gives a shit?
No, no, I'd still be pissed.
You've got to emotionally detach.
In that case, yeah, you'd hate it.
Yeah, yeah.
I can't sleep because I lost 46 the night before.
It's going to do what it's going to do.
Whether you worry about it, sweat it out, watch, bite all your nails,
it don't matter.
The game's going to do what it's going to do. Like whether you worry about it, sweat it out, watch bite all your nails. It don't matter. Like the game's going to do what it's going to do. So for everyone who,
for everyone who does gamble, you know,
you throw in the 10 o'clock bet and you know, you're going to sleep.
And it's all about the two 30 wake up to go piss and you check the phone and
it's like, Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God.
And it's the best feeling in the world. When you win, you're like, boom,
go right back to sleep.
It's the best feeling in the world when you win.
You're like, boom.
Go right back to sleep.
I have seven 2.30 a.m. piss.
Check the phone.
How'd my bet?
Losses lately.
Seven in a row.
And every night I'm up.
I'm pissed off.
I'm seeing what happened.
I had Colorado last night.
They were up 3-2.
They lose 4-3.
I watched that game, the mini game.
Same thing, yeah
they're scrappy, man
Kaprizov, it's Kaprizov
we're now
so Kaprizov
he's very, very fun to watch
it's exciting
he's fast as shit, I didn't realize how quick
he was, I mean you look at the numbers
you knew he was going to be a legit player
coming from the KHL, but still,
he is, he's dynamic.
Absolutely. He isn't speaking of dynamic.
How about this young defenseman for the Boston Bruins, Charlie McAvoy?
We talked to him the other night,
got some good insight on what's going on with the Bruins season.
We talked movies, talked a little of this, a little of that.
It's his third time coming on the show. So without further ado,
enjoy Chucky Mack, Charlie McAvoy.
on the show. So without further ado, enjoy Chuckie Mack, Charlie McAvoy.
Well, it's nice to welcome this guy back for his third go around here on Spitting Chicklets.
He just started his fourth season as a top pair guy in the Boston Bruins defense where he helps run their deadly power play. It was also one of the first ever in-person interviews we did way
back in the day, about four years ago. And it's been a couple of years since we last chatted. So
thanks for coming back to the show, Charlie McAvoy.
How's it going, man?
Hey, what's up, Barry? Thanks for having me.
Yeah, last time you were on, you weren't even old enough to drink yet,
at least legally.
No, I know it's been a little while.
It's been a couple of years, and I'm over the hump now, though.
Nice. How's the season going so far?
Are you happy with what you played last five?
I think you had two or three apples last night, didn't you?
Yeah.
A couple. It was a nice win.
I feel like we went to overtime in every single game.
But yeah, it's been going good.
We're out of the gate pretty good here.
So yeah, I can't complain.
You guys started scoring some goals when they got rid of the chip pucks.
What the fuck was going on with those pucks? Did you it did you i didn't i didn't notice it i didn't know that they
i didn't even know it was a thing until someone was talking about it but they do have these things
actually like inside the jersey so i guess right in the back above your nameplate there's the adidas
right off to the right side of that on the inside, they have this little cutout, and they put these trackers in
that look like that size.
It looks like a USB, and that is like an individual tracker
for each guy's jersey.
So it has all the data, yeah, like where you were at on the ice.
I don't know what they're using it all for, but every game I see them.
They carry it around in like a briefcase.
They freaking use against you in arbitration.
You were dogging it.
They're going to surprise other than completely ragging on you.
Now they're going to be able to prove it.
They got your heart rate from a game.
You were minus three.
They're like, where were you after the game?
I didn't know what, like,
I know you mentioned who knows what they're going to end up doing with the
Jersey stuff,
but business bitching was like,
what are they actually doing with the puck?
Like they're learning what,
what,
what is the end game here?
And if it's something cool,
it's like,
we're all in.
If it's something that makes no sense and the players don't like it,
it's like,
all right,
let's go back to the regular old frozen rubber.
I don't get it.
Everyone can see the puck.
So what are you tracking the puck?
I don't know.
It doesn't make sense to me,
but maybe to see how fast you're shooting it,
right?
Like if there's something in there that tells you like,
Oh,
this guy shot at like 80 miles an hour or something like that.
I think,
I think Marshawn was probably the most vocal guy about it.
And then I think he was trolling the Washington capitals.
He is just something else.
Like, does he, does he tell you you guys, like, hey, watch this.
I'm going to rile him up a little bit.
We just see it.
He just goes off on his own, like, tangent.
And then we're, like, the first to see it.
And we'll just, like, bring it up.
And he's just got, like, the smirk on his face, like he knows.
He's telling the Capitals, like, have some class.
It's like, oh.
We know the rules he's such a great troll how you thinking this new schedule man it seems like
when teams lose that first game they really don't want to lose that second game no matter who it is
i mean like that was kind of the biggest thing like it's like a college schedule right with all
the back-to-backs so like our biggest thing was like if you lost on friday it was like panic button like hey we
don't lose two in a row like that was always the thing at school i'm sure it's everywhere like you
know you don't want to drop two in a row especially the same team so like it's different right like
you lose you lose that first one and you come back definitely like you know you're going to
give your best game you don't want to drop two in a series especially with like the inner division and playing each team
you know x amount of times like i i don't know it's weird for standings to see how it's going
to go down the standings are so tight right away it's you can just kind of tell it's going to be
that type year but i heard a lot or not a lot, but it was mentioned, I think in the second game against New Jersey of the year that Cassidy came
in and gave his first,
just real like shredding to everyone at one of the intermissions. He just,
does he just fly off the handle at times? He's,
he seems like he could go crazy as hair's always a mess looking like these
nuts on the bench.
He's he's good about like, he knows when to come in and talk right like so he's very aware in that
regard and like whenever we get it it's because we deserve it so he came in and we had a really
bad practice like in between the games like started in practice yesterday and like you know
because no one really talks about it you have a skate you know you get off like it's just a
practice but it was kind of one of those looking back on it like we had a tough practice and then we went out and we weren't playing great to start it off and then we kind of
got got back together i think the second one we ended up losing in overtime but kind of put
together a good game i mean getting a point is always good so yeah but it's always warranted
when he comes in it wakes us up like and we usually respond really well to it is he is he
calling guys out kind of by name, or is that more,
what did he bring you to the side?
Mostly just the group, like, in general,
and I think everybody really holds themselves accountable in the room,
and, like, you know, if you make a mistake, you know you made a mistake.
Yeah, exactly.
It's usually just, like, when the team, like, overall,
like, everybody's going over the boards, and it's just, like, we team like overall like everybody's going over the boards and it's
just like we're not really putting anything together and you know it's like all right like
come on guys let's get after it. Marshy do something. Pretty much that's pretty much the
answer. He's like at least he scored on his breakaway to start the year and he didn't
over skate the puck. Oh my god I was priceless like he kept uh or he posted it or somebody posted it
and like the first 30 comments were like look you didn't or you remembered the puck this time
something like that we were all dying he's never gonna live that one down they're not gonna let
him forget who was it pasta talking about he looked over and and uh it was was it tuka who
was on the bench and two probably i don't yeah. Yeah, I think. And he had the turtle goal, and he was, like,
burying it in his mouth, and Posta couldn't hold it in.
I was going to ask you, did you feel any added pressure
coming into this season, given, you know,
Chara, you lost a big component on the back end,
and also Torrey Krug, another guy who you were extremely close with,
and all of a sudden, I feel like there's maybe a few more eyes on you as the go-to guy I think it was different right like so Z and Torrey
I mean both guys are irreplaceable so like you come into the room and like just from the people
standpoint like not having those guys around is so different because they're so great like
I mean Torrey was the funny guy like he was always coming in like he was light around
the room like just the guy you want to see every day and z was z like just his presence was just
you knew what you were gonna get and like he just kind of made everybody better so it's hard like
you know you can't replace those guys so somebody asked me about this today like you just do it by
committee like everybody kind of puts a little more on themselves to you know bring out more on the ice off the ice a little bit more responsibility like leadership wise um trying
to just pick up for for those guys and and then it's just kind of believing right like those guys
are gone and then it's just you know okay this is what we have this is our group we're really
confident in our group so like we're just going to go out and play we believe that we could get
the job done and that's kind of what's what it's been like at the beginning of the year.
So far, it's been going good.
When Kruger was going through that contract negotiation, were you like,
were you in touch with him? Is he kind of telling you what's going on?
Are you basically, you know, I'm minding my own business.
Oh man. It was kind of like, so I, I didn't want to like,
even kind of rationalize like that he was,
that he was going to go somewhere else.
So I kind of just kept thinking, like, they'll bring him back.
They'll bring him back.
Like, he loves it here.
I think that's what most fans thought.
Honestly, like, he loves the city.
Like, he's done so much for it.
He loves the city.
He lives here year-round in the summer.
He's a Michigan guy, but he lives here all summer.
So, you know, just thought, like, you know,
but then the business part comes into it, right? And, and you know you got to do what you got to do and like everybody respects
that and understands um but yeah like i didn't really talk to him at all during it i was kind
of just assuming like hey he'll be back he'll be back and then yeah i remember like the night i saw
it like i facetimed him right away and we were both like so sad but like so happy
for him and you know obviously it's such a big point in his life sign that ticket baby and uh
you know set himself up nice but it was so well deserved so hit him with a Venmo request yeah
congrats buddy at least you're gonna write a blog that said he was gonna get traded
don't have to fall on your face afterwards.
Yeah, exactly.
I wanted to ask, Biz mentioned losing Z and Krug.
Were you surprised how quickly, I guess maybe the local media
all of a sudden went to doom and gloom mode with you guys?
I mean, coming off a president's trophy,
had some extenuating circumstance in the bubble,
and all of a sudden people were writing you off
because you lost two defensemen, albeit two very good ones.
Yeah, I mean, I think that was kind of what I was saying earlier, right?
Like those guys are irreplaceable.
Like they're both done so well in the league for so long.
Like just their names carry that presence.
So when you lose those guys, it's obvious to think, right?
Like, hey, it's going to be tough to, you know, pick up the, you know, the slack with those guys gone.
And that kind of just comes back to where we all just believe in, in our,
you know, in each other, in ourselves, in the room, kind of just believe,
you know, whoever's playing, you know, that we can get the job done.
And that's kind of what we've been about to start and it's been going well.
And, you know,
it kind of starts with Bergie and the leadership group and stuff like,
you know, just the positivity they bring and just kind of like always just that positive reinforcement, right?
Like it just it brings the room up, elevates your confidence, and then you just roll.
So Biz is he's very open about how gullible he is.
I'm wondering, was there anyone in the room who actually thought Marshawn was being awarded the C
so
I was on the ice for a
photo shoot the day before that
not a big deal
well everybody went it was a headshot
should have said GQ
that's when Witt used to tape his ear
he would have the two way tape
and he would put it on his ear
the way i set that
up was brutal yeah like i was yeah my gq photo shoot no it's just headshots out on the ice but
like full gear so the order i was behind bergie and bergie's out there with the sea on doing all
his stuff and it was just like revolving door but i was right behind him so i saw him with the jersey on and i knew and like i went up to him i was like man congrats like so awesome and then uh but nobody else was
out there with us and then it was just the next guy after me so i don't think anybody saw so when
that went down i was like i was so confused because i was like i wait i saw bergie with the
seat and there were some guys in the room who were like, maybe they're splitting C's like a Bergie's definitely getting one
co-captain.
Man.
But yeah,
who's the gullible guy in the room.
Who's the biggest dummy on the team.
If you say,
I don't know.
It's you probably Bjorki Bjorki for sure.
Is it because of the language barrier?
I think he's American.
He's American.
Oh,
okay. No, still a language barrier? I think he's American. He's American. Oh, okay.
No.
Still a language barrier with him, though.
Well, I thought it kind of sounded like your own name, no?
Yeah, it definitely does.
He's Swedish, right?
Anders Bjork?
Yeah.
From Wisconsin?
Yeah, he's...
Biz has a cologne for Dreidseil, a Swedish fish line for Bjork,
coming from Sonsval.
It's coming.
We'll collab on something, Charlie.
Oh, I was going to hop in.
We were talking or doing some digging, at least Grinelli was, with Jake DeBrusque.
And he says you have this, is it a t-shirt contest story?
And it's an all-timer.
And you have not told us on the podcast, so I got to hear this.
He said the t-shirt toss from the beanpot. man okay there you go we had a couple of them we had that we had that one he hinted me
before about another one which i'll tell you guys after when we were rooming together on the road
but the bean pot so i took this kid to the bean pot we had a sweet uh wait i don't know if you
were there last it was last year when they lost a northeastern
it's a great game i was at that game were you at that one but we were we're up we're up in the
suite and i don't even know like someone from like the garden comes in and drops down like
30 shirts and they're just like the ones that you see that say like bu versus northeastern like
beanpot final so we were up there We were enjoying ourselves for the game.
We were having a couple of pints and stuff.
And like BU started, they made a comeback, I think,
maybe like 4-4.
They forced overtime, didn't they?
Yeah, exactly.
So we were going crazy.
It might have been right before overtime started.
We started taking the shirts and we had like a bunch of alums
and there was me and Grizzly and a couple guys we played with.
And we got the t-shirts going like we got them going and then that turned into like people down below started figuring out we were up there so they're all looking up at us like
yelling at us and that very quick like jd it was like kind of like throw a shirt throw him a shirt
they'll love it throw him a shirt so like next thing you know like whip it up like roll it into a ball
throwing shirts and the next like we we went through all 30 shirts we were throwing them
we were doing lifting the crowd up like who wants a t-shirt it was hysterical and like the whole
entire like bench side of the building just gravitated to our section and it just turned
into a full-on t-shirt toss you were like djs basically just
chucking out pretty much backstage but they were t-shirt with beer on them were you and uh
would you and were you and grizzy doing any of that wrestling the belt wrestling i heard you've
been getting made fun of in the locker room for two years because grizzly what what's the is it
eugenie eugenie wrestling iguana no iguana wrestling
iguana iguana have you ever heard of this iguana wrestling wit i have no idea but you just calling
it you guinea made my year the year just began you lost a grizzy you're a truck i lost a grizzy
how do you lose pin Pin? Leverage.
No, like once you pin him, it's it.
No, so basically Iguana Wrestling is like  I actually got this from World Championships.
We were over at World Championships the first time I went.
We had Johnny Hockey and Dylan Larkin,
and every night we'd go out or after a game, whatever.
These guys would end up in the middle of the bar every single night at Guadalajara.
In the middle of the bar.
You got to picture this.
I'm Googling this.
This guy takes his belt off.
Other guy takes his belt off.
You tie them together.
So you got kind of like a you know, like a bigger belt.
Oh my God.
My neck would be buckled from this.
These pictures.
My neck would break.
So you put it around the back of your head.
He puts it around the back of his head and you line up like chin to chin pretty much.
And you're on all fours and you got to pull.
It's basically a tug of war. So those guys are doing it every night and i just remember how funny would you guys be
betting on this we'd be like oh my god the video of this guy like who is the champ who is the
champ lark's the champ lark was johnny good for his weight class oh yeah oh yeah it's all about leverage man so we were
so we were at uh we're at pierce six and charles that was our end of the year party
i think it was like two two years ago or three years ago and we were all just you know we're
having some fun and it was the afternoon it was nice day we're out on the patio
and uh i don't know.
One thing led to another.
I challenged Grazy to an iguana wrestle.
And I'm like just thinking it was a sure thing.
Just happened.
Called him out like, yeah, right?
Like just picking on the little guy.
And he freaking pulled.
I still got splinters in my kneecaps.
He pulled me all the way across the patio.
Oh.
Uncle. It was a bad the way across the patio. Uncle.
It was a bad showing for myself.
Hey. If they do another
NHL bubble, this will be the next thing we'll do.
Neems is going to have a field
day with this, watching these videos, Biz.
It's beautiful.
I've actually never
watched... Oh, you got to send them.
Grizzly's a little bulldog.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Do you ever take you to any shady holes in the wall
in Charlestown? No, I
actually, I was living in Charlestown. I don't know.
Last time we talked, I was living in Charlestown.
I lived in Hazy's place, Jimmy's place.
I lived there for two years.
Down by City Square. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Charlestown was awesome. Yeah, you could
walk to the games and stuff. That's actually sick.
Yeah. Oh, man. I walked to a couple games, yep. Absolutely, when you're awesome yeah you could walk to the games and stuff that's actually sick yeah oh man i walked
to a couple games yep absolutely when you're that close another guy i want to bring up kevin miller
he was through hell and back just to get back on the ice he broke his kneecap two separate times
i mean it must be nice having him back there to replace some of that toughness you lost when z left
oh yeah no doubt i mean hey you don't want a mess of Spike Spike is that what
they call him Spike that's his name yeah Spike doesn't play with girls uh little giants yeah
what a movie oh man icebox ice bet Becky the icebox he uh what a crazy like story though right
like what a feel-good story because he's such a great guy and
like the team like everyone loves him so like we lost him essentially for well all last year for
the run like people don't forget we didn't have milsy in the lineup we went to the finals like
he would have made a huge difference and uh and then last year was so many like you know he was
having surgeries like all the like things just kept not going right.
So he was around the rank, but not really at the rank.
And then some days he'd be in before we got in.
So like last year he was there, but he really wasn't.
And you know how it is kind of when you're out of the lineup, like, you know,
you just kind of don't feel in the fold, right?
Like it's hard.
It's really hard.
And just, you know, the show goes on whether you're in or out.
So it was hard.
Like we'd all get excited to see him in the mornings he was there.
And then, you know, and then it'd be like, oh, like he's out again.
He just went and had another procedure.
And then just to see it come full circle and have him be back
and playing great, like it's just awesome.
He is yoked too.
He is free.
He is a unit. He's a unit. He looks like a unit. awesome he is yoked too he is he is a unit he's a unit he looks like he trained in prison i think he does train hand-to-hand combat and that stuff though
i i thought i read that i wonder if he has because he he can fight man yeah he's tough he's on a
like he's got to be on the list of guys you don't want to fight.
He's like the new McQuaid for you guys.
Just all of a sudden knocking guys out.
And that was another guy I wanted to ask you about too.
Old Bruins, Tim and Quader.
Yeah, he kind of replaced Quader.
He could get away with murder.
I could run around and do whatever I wanted with those guys.
Well, you say you don't want to fight him.
The other problem is like
he kind of wants to fight you too like I think he enjoys it he's a real sick bastard you gotta have
you gotta have that switch right where you just flick it and it's like you just go into a different
like you're becoming a different person and like he he's got it when he fights yeah he's just an
unassuming guy I mean I met him probably nine years ago and I didn't know who he was he wasn't
drafted so we were shooting the breeze way back
when, and if you'd told me then, he would have had
a lengthy career by now.
I wouldn't have believed it. It's great to see
him come back, too, because some guys at that point, 31
years old, their knees busted.
They call it a day, so for him to battle back,
man, definite kudos from
another guy. You guys have had a real
good start, and you haven't even had pasta yet. That
must be like having a shotgun to your trench coat that nobody can see.
They can bust out a little later.
Oh, man.
I know.
I know.
And he's doing really good.
He's progressing well, so he should be back pretty soon.
We're all really excited for that.
I mean, he's pasta.
Yeah.
I don't know if you see the Dunkin' Donuts tracks, you know,
he had on the other day for his posting.
Yeah, I did. Yeah.
He's awesome. He's so marketable.
What was the last thing I wanted to ask you about? Oh, geez.
Now I'm drawing a blank.
Oh, you're talking about Quader. Were you asking about Quader?
I was asking about Quader. Yeah. We can go there first.
Oh man. What a great guy.
Playing with him was so awesome. Like he's just,
he's another one of those guys. Like it's great. Like in Boston, I feel like I's just he's another one of those guys like
it's great like in Boston I feel like I've been so lucky like all those guys like it's just all
great people like you haven't run into any guy like I'm still friends with all the guys like
who come and go because they're all just great dudes but Quader was awesome he was another guy
like all right like just a big teddy bear like you talk to him he's super reserved like um you know not like a
chatterbox like you got to go kind of kind of pull it out of him a little bit and it's like
just he's the best guy like just such a great guy so um congrats to him yet on a great career and
we got really friendly when he was here we hung out a little bit in the off season um and we
worked out together,
actually returning when we were getting back,
we had a good workout group this summer. He was part of it.
Well, we,
we talk about like different contracts around the league and what make teams
successful based on like how you can spend now.
And it must've felt good for you to you sign your deal.
And whether you look or not,
you kind of see public perception and everyone right away as Bruins fans, what deal what a bargain now for you you're making close to five million a year
it's great and you have another huge contract just signed but what was it like going through
your first kind of negotiation because leaving college it's way different it's easier to sign
that first deal yeah right the entry level is just kind of like there's nothing you can do yeah exactly yeah it's your pigeon toss
thanks to the daggle it's uh it's different right it was the first time i saw like the business side
of hockey you know like kind of that just kind of that triangle right like so you're you're going to
your agent he's going to the gm gm's going back and it's just like you know he said that he said what
yeah yeah what i know right and you just kind of find that spot in the middle and i think the
biggest thing is just kind of finding something that you can just feel comfortable with feel
happy with and then then you just show up and go to work and it's like it's crazy because after
you sign it like you don't even think about it like now you're just going
to play in hockey it's it's really like it's over like and then you're just going and you
that's it clock is clocking out is there any ever any ever a conversation in the locker room about
how a lot of the guys on the team are on these team friendly deals like is it a joke some amongst
the guys no it's right like what do you think we're all like sitting around being like how do you get
you for that oh same way he got me for that oh i don't know i think i don't know no no one no one's
ever had those conversations and i mean obviously they do an incredible job here um you know and
you get a team that's incredibly competitive because you have everyone on these on these
deals so i mean it's it's great
the way that that they've been able to do business here you're not going to find anyone who's not
happy with what they have and you get to play on a great team with guys who are you know guys who
are future hall of famers and and just a part of a great team and it's really a big family so
it's uh it's awesome lucky to be a part of it jolly i don't know how much you're able to
catch other young talented d around the league but uh what other players do you try to make time
to watch if any oh man i i feel like i i when i first came in i watched like all i did was watch
hockey like nhl network and everything and i'd be like oh there's game on and i watch it and
like over the course of it like i've i've kind of just, like, faded off that.
Like, I come home from the rink and I just kind of put my mind on other stuff,
like watching shows, watching movies, and then, like, catch up on it in the morning.
NHL Network's always on in the rink and stuff like that.
But there's guys I really like to watch for, like, young guys,
like Makar on Colorado and then Hughesy on Vancouver.
I love their games.
Like, just the way that they produce and are able to push offense,
and it's really because of their skating ability, which is just
like, just watching those guys skate is just crazy.
And it's awesome.
It's awesome what they're doing.
It's like a new generation of guys in the game and what they're doing
and what they're bringing to the table.
It's just  it's awesome.
It's fun to watch.
First person that kind of described your game to me when you were at BU was
he said Drew Doughty.
Like that's who you kind of reminded him of.
And did you watch him?
Was he kind of your guy growing up,
or was it somebody else that you really patented your game around?
I watched a lot of him,
and that was kind of like my shooting for the stars comparison.
Yeah, why not?
If I can be like Drew Doughty, then yeah, I must be doing something right.
Decent career.
Yeah, and then I watched a lot of tyson berry in his colorado
days and i loved how he played i tried to always tried to always model like after the right-handed
guys just because it's kind of easier to see like it's hard to be like oh i want to be like you know
like whatever yosi or like you know the left-handed guys just kind of hard to see it but like those guys are you know definitely was
trying to pull a lot from them um when i was trying to break in and then and then playing
against them is obviously really cool right when you see the guy that you you want it to be just
like and then you go out and you're playing against them it's uh you know it's a really uh
kind of like a pinch me moment um i think you're playing against Chara coming up here.
He threw a pretty big pizza the other game.
Are you guys close enough where you could chirp him on the ice?
No fucking way.
No, no.
You say that.
All right, all right, all right.
To Barzell the other night.
We're sitting around the room, and that highlight comes on.
And I look over, and the first thing I say out of my mouth was,
Bergie would have been there.
Oh, there you go.
Bergie would have been there.
Bergie would have been there.
That's more pumping your captain.
That would have been  hey, that's what he's used to.
That would have been a bing-bing breakout right there.
Z, net front to Bergie.
Bergie to Posta on the wing.
We're out. He would have been chewing on a plus. He would have already been on the bench having
some water for his outlet pass. He would have
just went right from there and lined up at center.
Never trust a forward, Charlie. You know
it. They're not all Bergeron.
Barzell's looking for points.
That contract's only three years. Biz still
thinks he's holding out.
I talked to
Wags about you. Dude, he says you stink at golf oh come
on i do i do i suck come on because your boy i'm following hey he's got a buddy um biz mcavoy's
got a buddy this kid what's his name i follow him on instagram i texted you about james nicholas
great follow like pro golfer stripes it puts all these different stories
every day whatever i digress but you should you're always with that guy aren't you like where's your
game at i played with him a couple times he took me to this place uh deepdale and like by like
westchester yeah i've heard of that six spot yeah six spot and uh i i was a beach kid growing up
like i was and so my, my dad never played golf.
Yes, you never even played at all.
Never played until after my first year.
I got my first set of clubs.
We were in Toronto and I went to like the Taylor made fitting place right there in Toronto and got fit.
And I got them and I'm like, I've gotten a lot better, but I'm still like a 90 to 100 every time.
But I am. All all right you'll get
i'm putting it together i'm putting it together are you into it i it's fun man it's fun like
it's hard because i'll go out and suck and like it's so true the whole feel good shot you hit
that one shot and it's like oh you want to play tomorrow all right i'll go you're a better surfer
than golfer yes Yes, for sure.
Come on, you can surf?
Zell Mintz-Piccoli, he ran the surf shop.
Between that and beach volleyball.
Beach volleyball, too?
I'll play some beach volleyball.
It's fun, man.
Beach volleyball is a blast. I had to play with my shirt on.
Zank on my nose
wearing a rash guard into the water how are you
how are you keeping that beach body when I hear you're dummy in like four cheese
pizzas at night sometimes
JD
come on now I think he might have admitted that.
Didn't he tell us that?
That he eats a sewer rat?
Dude, it's just a rotation of McDonald's,
McDonald's, Wheels, Wendy's, soda.
Yeah, Oreos. He's got the Ore oreo he's working on an oreo sponsorship what's the
greasiest thing he eats where you're like pop tarts is he doing a pop tart oh no no no i haven't
seen probably just mcdonald's we got a we got a couple guys we got a late night mcdonald's crew
on the team he's is he a fish guy is he a fish the world's premier athlete
yeah he is back they got the mcrib back yeah oh then he like he gets on the ice he's the fastest
player on the sheet i know he flies fueled by mcdonald's he's on the Kessel regime. There's like the TB12 diet, and then Kessel's got his,
and some of the young guys follow that.
Oh, exactly.
We hear you're quite the movie quote guy.
What's your wheelhouse for movies?
Like which era?
I bounce around a little bit.
We got a lot of guys.
Like Torrey.
Kruger was a big one.
Charlie Coyle's big on the Sandler movies.
Like any Sandler movie, he's really good with.
We got a lot of movie buffs
in the room.
What did you see last year that you liked? Anything in particular?
I know it was a tough year for movies, you know,
with everything that went on. There weren't a lot to see,
but if you look hard, you can find some.
I watched one. I watched one
my buddy from home
told me to watch it might have been this year it might have been uh oh no it's 2021 now right so
it's 2020 uh the gentleman with matthew mcconaughey oh yeah the guy the guy richie movie yeah i i
wasn't as enamored with it as other people were but a lot of people did seem to like all right
all right shitting on your taste you just just ruined R.A.'s night.
He hates the movie you enjoyed.
What was your favorite movie, R.A.?
Honestly, last year,
it was, Biz laughed at me last time,
it actually came out in 2019.
It was
half Brazilian, half Portuguese, I believe.
But it never played in the United States
until 2020, so it's actually eligible
for the Oscars this year. It's called back around.
It's it's subtitled,
dude.
It's the craziest fucking movie.
It's B-A-C-U-R-E-U.
Highest recommendation.
You can rent this guy and his subtitles.
I don't want to read my movie.
No,
he gave us that one.
He gave us that one.
That was good.
Fucking parasite.
One best.
Parasite.
I was just going to say that was the other one.
I want to be able to see their expressions and I can't do that when I'm reading at the bottom of the screen.
How is that possible?
You put a dub on it.
I can't multitask.
It's like an old Godzilla movie if you do a dub.
But either way, I wouldn't even watch a preview for it.
I didn't even see a preview.
I put it on, and it's all kinds of mashup of all different genres in this movie.
I was walked off the way like slack-jawed when I watched it.
And the other thing, this is a little
easier to take because you don't have to put the
subtitles on. It's called Promising Young Woman
with Carey Mulligan, the girl
or the woman who was in Drive with Ryan Reynolds.
I heard it's dark. Sorry, Ryan Gosling.
It's fantastic, dude.
It's probably one of the best movies in 2020.
So that's a little easier to
take down there, Biz. You gotta tax
me these. I'll put them on the list. Absolutely. Yeah, I got a bunch more for you. I got a lot of to take down there, Biz. You got to tax me these. I'll put them on the list.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I got a bunch more for you.
I got a lot of time on the plane, man.
Charlie liked the, what's the karate kid throwback?
Cobra Kai.
Cobra Kai.
You and LaViolette.
You're going to have a hat trick this year,
and you're going to have 30 texts from R.A.
You're like, geez, you're going to look,
they're just all going to be movie recommendations.
Won't even know. But all right, hey, we appreciate you coming on it's good catching up um and man big role this year it's pretty exciting for us to watch and i look forward
to seeing your your season play out thanks fellas hey thanks for having me go bruin
we'll get a we'll get a iguana wrestling league going oh come on you're gonna be
on one of the franchises next time next time you're at the grand we'll get an Iguana Wrestling League going. We're going to be on one of the franchises.
Next time you're at the Grand,
we'll get you and Grinnelli on the stage for an Iguana Wrestling League.
I want Grizzly.
Tell him I want a fucking piece of him.
He's got the belt right now, man.
You've got to come for it.
Yeah, I will.
I'm going to start juicing.
We're going to have to do all traps, man. It's all in the neck. We're going to have the UGA. Do all traps, man.
It's all in the neck.
We're going to have Brock Lesnar.
Dude, we're going to have the Ugini League
and just have two Italians go hard at this thing.
That'll be our first match.
We hook up the belts to our noses.
We do them right through the fucking middle there.
Oh, man.
Thanks, Charlie.
Go be.
Huge thanks to Charlie McAvoy
for joining us once again. Love talking
to him. I love the fact that he's going to be
watching my movie recommendations when he's on his next
flight, ideally. I did text him over
a few to watch. So thanks
for joining us once again, Charlie. And hey, listen, guys,
this Valentine's Day, find jewelry
as unique as you'll love with the modern
convenience of online shopping at
BlueNile.com. At BlueNile.com,
you can celebrate all of life's
special moments, from creating the
custom engagement ring of her dreams,
to gifting a once-in-a-lifetime piece, all
at prices you won't find at a traditional
jeweler. Guys, if you're looking to put a ring on it, I know how stressful it can get.
Everybody all of a sudden is a diamond expert.
Do this, do that.
Well, Blue Nile is the original online jeweler,
and they've been helping people create the perfect engagement ring since 1999.
They are the experts.
Whether you're customizing an engagement ring or designing a diamond stud earring,
either way, Blue Nile will help you create a bigger, more brilliant piece
than you can imagine at a price you won't find at a traditional jeweler.
They also have expert advice available 24-7 in guaranteed free shipping and returns.
When you commit to a piece, so does Blue Nile,
as they offer guaranteed service and repair for life.
100 satisfaction guaranteed.
And if you need it stat, Blue Nile can deliver overnight
in most cases. So make your moment sparkle with jewelry from BlueNile.com and spitting
chiclets listeners get 50 off 500. This podcast exclusive is only good through Valentine's Day
and includes engagement as well. If you want to get that ring, you get 50 off 500. So use the
code chiclets. Again, that's code chiclets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Plus, every order is insured, ships for free,
and arrives in discreet packaging that won't give away the secret.
So shop stress-free and find your forever peace.
Go to bluenile.com today and use the code CHICKLETS.
I'm going to get Katie a canary yellow diamond ring for Valentine's Day. What do you think? A chicklet's ring, like a bigary yellow diamond ring for for uh for valentine's day what do you think chiclets
a chiclets ring like a like a big ass diamond like one of those tootsie pops you've got the
diamond hey the diamond of the teeth because it'll get to save a little bit of money with
the one tooth missing in the logo i was gonna say put an onyx where the missing tooth is
there you go hey wit did uh how did you do that whole process? It's the black jewel.
It's similar to a diamond or emerald or whatever.
It's just a stone that's black.
I like that.
What did you say?
How did you do that whole process?
How do you figure out the ring size?
Or do you just let them handle it?
Do you just say, hey, go pick out what you want?
You go into the jewelry box and you grab a ring
and you take it to a jewelry store when
you know one day she's not wearing it and you have them measure it and then you put it back
she never knew you took it for a day and then you order a pink panther pink witty
and then i'm reaching in see ya and then you get the. I don't even know how I got mine. My wife had no fucking...
Stole it.
I just caught my buddy's design.
He's like, dude, go. I forget the lingo.
I was like, yeah, this is a pretty nice...
I was just going to go off my pinky.
I was just going to like, oh, that's the smallest one.
That should work.
Would this fit around my wrench?
How did you design the wedding ring?
Oh, you pretty much have the talk.
Any guy out there will tell you when you actually maybe you don't.
You're a fool if you don't.
You're a fool if you don't.
No, no, listen.
No, no.
Yes.
Maybe I'm actually way off and I'm in the minority.
But to me, you got to ask her like, hey, you know, what kind of ring would you want? How much am I spending? No, no. But it's also like,
you got to keep proving yourself. You got to keep proving yourself.
This doesn't mean I'm going to buy one,
but say you keep doing such an amazing job as my girlfriend.
Like what would you want? So then you kind of know what to go, go with.
So this is where I got you on the analytic girlfriend chart.
So if you're able to continue to grow, if you continue to put shots on that,
of course, he is heading on a great slope.
But listen, if you get the wrong guy, speaking of slopes,
I'll get your own fucking mountain if you just keep it up.
Speaking of slopes, Biz, the Rocky Mountains, which is where
the Western Standings could be found.
Oh, a little segue for you to even know
about. How about Vegas Golden Knights?
They played Tuesday without their regular coaches
on the bench due to more COVID shit.
GM Kelly McCrimmon had
to coach the team with the Henderson staff
and they still ended up winning. They've
actually had to postpone three games because of the COVID
stuff. Eleven total games were postponed so far.
That's not including what the Devils and other teams have had to adjust to.
The other big story out of the West, Minnesota's Kevin Fiala got a three-game
suspension for boarding the L.A. King, Matt Roy.
He was assessed a major and a game misconduct.
I guess based on what we've seen from similar hits this year,
I was surprised that
kevin fiala got three games for that hit wit i know you really ended on this yeah i mean i thought
i thought he was gonna get like four i think more than anything and more than the the gallagher nurse
two you were chatting about this one it was like he was directly behind the guy you could make an
argument that there was some they were on an angle with each other um montreal edmonton this one it's looking at numbers and it's that push right away and it
looked really bad so i just think that that that was that much different because of the view you're
looking at the player you're for checking um just so i mean little kids started putting remember
back in the day i don't know if they still do they got stop stop. When you can read that, it's like don't hit him.
He could have read it perfectly.
I used to put it on the front.
He couldn't read.
I used to put it on the front when I was a defenseman,
hoping that they would stop us.
Business coach put it on his cage.
Please don't walk me.
Hey, it was on your cage, so when you opened your eyes, it was don't move.
No.
It was in his locker, so he wouldn't come to the bench.
Just stay in the locker room. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh jesus kicking you when you're down oh bad hit very dangerous
okay hit though coming off the top ropes i know i have fucking put the tacks down or go on cage
match um no but hey so man so when i see that i'm like the fact that we didn't do what we're doing for icing sooner is crazy to me.
Because that is the exact play where I don't want to, I'm not going to like blame Fiala for like,
like you could tell right afterward, he was like, oh my God.
Like as soon as he went down, he grabbed the guy to be like, oh, what have I done kind of thing.
Remember he broke his, he broke his, what's the real big one? You don't want to break.
He broke his femur, didn't he?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, and, and you were just hoping, I mean, it didn't look good.
As soon as it happened, I'm like, oh no, is this going to be the, you know,
are they going to bring out the stretcher for this one?
So he did, he, he did need to get help off the ice.
Correct.
Yeah.
He was, he was dinged up and he was fine.
I mean, his, you know, the reports out that he was fine.
It was just a little banged up and you know,
it's not that Fiala was worse. I, like I said, I just watched, I mean, and I'm fine. I mean, his, you know, the reports out that he was fine. He was just a little banged up and, you know, it's not that Fiala was
worse. I, like I said, I just watched, I mean,
and I'm not picking on Gallagher, but that hit on nurse when I
saw the distance, those, I mean, I cringe
when I watch it. It's like, man, like,
you know, I would have thought he would have got suspended.
The Fiala was any worse. I don't
know. I just wanted, I looked at the
Fiala one is basically like an
icing because it, because it was like direct
from the back, kind of like it said, but, but I hear i hear you and a and when i ended up seeing that walker photo
i thought that that was uh roy who'd been pushing the wall and i was like oh my goodness i couldn't
even recognize him i played with roy so when it was walker with that that that beak i'm like oh
no he looks like a different human.
You know, because I didn't know that he got hit in the face with a puck during the game.
That was tough.
One other note, actually two other notes on Minnesota.
Matt Dumbo was placed on the IR.
He had an awkward land that he collided with teammate Jordan Greenway.
It looked like his left leg kind of just got extended too far,
so hopefully he'll be back soon.
And Minnesota busted out their reverse retro jerseys.
I thought they're pretty sharp, man.
I mean, it's kind of weird because the history there, the Stars just left
town because of the owner. So you bring them back, these
old colors, I wonder if some fans are kind of like still
bitter the fact that North Star is left and then
they're going to trot their colors up. Those jerseys are sick
and right when I saw them, I
said I wouldn't have bet the abs had I known
that the Stars were wearing the, I mean
the Wild were wearing these
North Star jerseys. Right when I
saw the jerseys,
I knew.
I knew that the piss sitting down on the
toilet, because I'm a complete joke,
in the middle of the night, I sit down. I sit down
quite often, actually. I knew
right when I saw those jerseys, it was going to be a loss.
Alright.
I like the Avs jerseys, too, though.
They were both going against.
Those are two of the top five, I'd say.
Grinnelli, what did you just roll your eyes at?
I think two-fourths or 50 of this podcast sits while they pee.
Because I know Biz sits while he pees, too.
I sit when I pee.
It's so much easier.
You don't get pissed everywhere.
I think I used to piss all over the Yandles house.
Mr. and Mrs. Yandle probably still don't want me where they live now because I't get piss everywhere i think i used to piss all over the andels house mr and
mrs yandle probably still don't want me where they live now because i'll just piss everywhere
well yeah like you guys so i always have the hotel room that that we do the all the party and patty
are like jesus ryan sometimes when you guys leave the room it's just like shrapnel of piss all over
my seat that i have to fucking oh i'm a Well, we weren't sitting on those ones, but I also heard our rain.
You can correct me if I'm wrong,
that when you sit as a man to pee,
you get rid of like all of it or almost all of it.
Rather than when you stand up,
there's like a little bit that remains and that's not healthy.
I guess this is confessional.
Cause I, I, I have a pain condition.
I have it still.
It hasn't happened for a while where the doctor, it happened,
it happened to me four times in about a 10 year spin.
And every time I, every time I love it, every time it happened,
it was right after I pissed. That's me and the doctor talking concluded.
He says, well, if you get up in the,
particularly in the middle of the night because you're a little woozy,
a little tired, because it happened to me once down the Cape,
I got up to piss in the middle of the night, and I was standing, and I fell.
I woke up.
I looked like Lennox Lewis or that boxer.
Who's that?
Haseen Rahman, that boxer.
Looked like he got hit with a two-by-four.
I woke up.
Were you shit-faced?
I was intoxicated, yes.
Okay, so maybe that's why you fell.
No, no, no.
No, it wasn't.
Because I know it wasn't a drunk fall down.
It was a post-urinary.
Like, I faint.
It's a blood pressure thing.
You know fight or flight? Yes. Shocker here. It was a post-urinary. Like, I faint. It's a blood pressure thing. You know fight or flight?
Yes.
Shocker here.
I'm a flight guy.
So your blood pressure either goes up or down.
Like, it's called.
It's called.
100.
Mictrician, I think, is the technical term for pissing.
It's in the big Lebowski.
And I have a mictrician syncope.
It's a fainting after you piss.
And me and the doctor, all four times it happened to me.
Twice I had to get an ambulance and go to the hospital. One time down the Warren Tavern, I fell off theting after you piss. And me and the doctor, all four times it happened to me,
twice I had to get an ambulance and go to the hospital.
One time down the Warren Tavern, I fell off the bus,
fell off the piss and cracked my head open.
I had to get taken out of there on a fucking stretch. So every time, though, you've been drinking?
No, honestly, one day it was the day after.
Only once I was drunk.
I know it's obvious I fell down drunk.
I thought the other one was at the Warren Tavern.
No, I had five years that night
So you're saying that you had to stop
Going to sit down at night
Because when you got back up you would pass out
Well the doctor said
If you're going to get up at night sit down
Because the last time it happened was bad
It was like I had my fucking
I had a shine on my face was out to here
And it wasn't because I was drunk it was because I pissed
And I just fucking I get up after And I went down I went here and it wasn't because i was drunk it was because i pissed and i just fucking i get up after and i i went down not gonna bet i went down because i wasn't sitting
down because at least if you're sitting in your face that's why you piss in the sink now
no biz they're telling them to sit down no the doctor's like listen when you when you get up
at night to piss like because you know plus you're groggy anyway sometimes you're like spaced out
whether you just you don't and like you fucking sit down to piss at night so but going back to your original point is i don't think it
gets it all out because sometimes when you're taking a deuce an unrelated deuce you have to
get up and piss after that must happen to you too i because i think the way your body's positioned
that's why so a couple things i can't i don't think i can take a shit without pissing and i
can actually pull i can actually piss with a full-fledged boner.
I've talked to people that can't piss with boners.
Well, you can't.
No, you can't.
You just aim is off.
Ryder got a boner today.
I changed his diaper after a nap.
I go, whoa.
He's like, Daddy, free this.
I was like, that's a boner.
He goes, boner.
I swear to God.
That was his first ever boner?
I hadn't seen another fucking rocket.
He got into your Cialis.
He cruised around for fucking the whole week with a raging heart on.
Oh, shit.
He's just running the show at the playground.
Yeah.
Give me the magnums, Dad.
Give me the magnums.
What a conversation.
Yeah.
How did we get there?
Well, because you guys, I was surprised that, you know,
when you said you get up to sit down and pee, because it's like
something the guys like goof on each other typically,
but when a doctor tells you, you might get
brain dead. But no, the first time it happened was
crazy, dude. I know it's a long story, but
it was 1994. I'll never forget. It was
the day after my family July 4th party.
I drank probably fucking a case of
beer the day before. I was, you know, 22 years old, young and spry, whatever.
And we went to the bar at fucking North Station with Patty Burks, I think it was.
The old three-decker bar.
They had three fours.
And it was 1994 World Cup.
We were going to watch Ireland play.
And we smoked a bird over on the way over.
I was hungover, so I didn't even order a beer.
And I'll never forget, dude, all of a sudden,
it's like you start seeing paparazzi lights.
And I was going toward the exit to get some air.
I wake up on the sidewalk at North Station,
surrounded by people.
And Patty Brex is an Irish guy.
And they're like, get away.
Get him some oxygen.
Get him some orange juice.
He's having a diabetic attack.
Like, they're trying to, like.
And I wake up.
And I come to, and I'm fine.
Like, I wake up, and I realize, OK, I'm OK.
There's a fucking ambulance there. So embarrassed than anything and i'm like but
i remember the last thing biz when i fell the last thought i had in my head was oh my god i'm
gonna be the first guy to guy first guy to die from grass and ruin it for everybody that was
legit the last thought i had because i had smoked before and you know you hear all this fucking
crazy fucking uh propaganda and the first thing i said the ambulance guy of course that was your thought he's like i thought you were gonna say you i thought you were
gonna say like oh my god this is great i owe the bookie 11 grand i'm gonna pay it
11 i can triple that so the ambulance guy comes up and he says and he says have you been drinking
i says no one of the like irish people goes that's the problem get him a drink like they're like making jokes i'm sprawled out
on the sidewalk and it goes buddy but i did smoke a joint before he goes he gave like that had
nothing to do with it i was like oh thank christ and i was dehydrated and i got to the hospital
the nurse and master and i was like uh were you drinking yesterday i says yeah she goes how many
beers would you say you had i sat and i was like not even being like a wise guy i was like probably
30 like you know again I was 22 years old.
Imagine being in heaven.
She was horrified.
She's like 30.
Imagine being in heaven, the guy who ruined weed for everybody looking down.
Just like everyone, fuck that guy.
Fucking loser.
He can't get a foursome up.
He can't get a foursome up in heaven.
Nobody will play with him.
Guy pees when he sits down at night.
That's what Whit thinks everybody does in heaven is golf
that's how obsessed this guy is no i think that people who don't will get up there and then
they'll be like oh this is sick i should have been doing this the whole time yeah yeah especially if
you're not dealing with the pain in the morning when you're waking up and you're just like always
feeling good two two ambos and a fucking half dozen stitches will fucking make you listen to the
doctor i'll tell you that all right enough of the peeing while sitting down talk let's move it move
it along this guy i don't care how he pees but he's a fucking superhero either way caught a mcdavid
with yet another absolutely redonkulous end-to-end goal i mean saturday night i'm sitting there with
my old lady and she give a fuck less about hockey most of the time, except for the playoffs.
And I was like, look at this. And she even jumped
out of her seat. She's like, oh my God, how is he that fast?
I mean, that goal was just
freakazoid. Absolute
freakazoid. I mean, were you guys watching live
or memorandum?
That's how Witt got half of his
assists every year.
Doing what Tyson Berry did to Sid.
It's the best best you just pass it
three feet with nobody near you and you're just like oh unreal first assist the goal uh i right
away i just thought muzzin should riley should just go over to muzzin and be like it's okay
i can get you through these next couple days we going to watch the highlight together. I went through this at ACE at the ACC or what it's Scotiabank now.
What a move,
the speed,
the quick stick handle,
the way he's able to just blow by everyone in the neutral zone.
That's it.
It's like the defense that are backing up as fast as they can.
There's no such thing as gap and they still know they have no chance.
So once he uses your triangle,
once he slithers around you and then always has the patience once
he's going full tilt like around the goaltender he just waits him out flicks it back the other way
it's carbon almost not a carbon copy at all but of the other one but the finish was very similar
and those are two guys who've been shutting them down until that point we said when's he
gonna have his redemption hole was well him and hole have been playing together and they've been
doing an unbelievable job against the two then we put up the funny so everybody
they were more so leaning towards hole shutting them down and then uh then they put up who was
an anthony davis and lebron james and then it said hole and muzzin so just like they're the ultimate
you know tag team champions right now and hold didn't get walked on that play, Muzzenden,
but you could just tell McDavid had a little bit of extra pep
at a step fed up by getting shut down by the Leafs and hearing about it.
So that was like a little teaser and warm-up
to what he ended up doing on Sunday night.
He looked like he embarrassed himself on that goal too, Biz.
Like when he made himself laugh.
I mean, that's when you know you're fucking that good,
when you're literally like laughing at yourself. and you can see it after you did the
flyby on the bench you know and the doggy pal and yeah you mentioned sunday uh leon dry settle
six helpers tied him for second place for most in the game of course gretzky did i think seven times
uh leon dry so the only player since the wha merger back in 79 80 to have a game with six
assists without taking a shot on goal. Kind of a freaky stat.
But this duo, man, the fifth
duo in NHL history to have three such
games while both the 25 are younger.
Gretzky, Curry, Gretzky, Anderson,
poker face, Gretzky, Coffey, and
Bossy Treddy, Bossy Trottier.
These two, man, like I said
before, they deserve a fucking
great team and a number one goalie because
the whole world should be watching these two every night.
Well, they were playing Ottawa, and Ottawa got off to a tough start.
I think they allowed a goal in eight seconds,
which tied the record for the Edmonton Oilers set originally by Wayne Gretzky.
And was it Cahoon?
How do I say the guy's last name for Cahoon?
And he was one of three Germans playing in the game game right him dry sidle and uh jimmy and
jimmy stew so they took the picture before the game so very cool three germans uh you know playing
in a game but edmonton just i mean don't fucking take penalties against edmonton they are just it's
it's it's a cheat code they're playing on rookie mode, as the gamers would say,
and they're just snapping it around.
And you even saw a little bit of it in the Toronto game as well,
to where, like, I think, you know, McDavid rings one off the post.
They just set it back up, exact same play.
Okay, score on the second one.
It's automatic.
McDavid will have it on the half wall,
and he's able to, like the the pk box oh yeah
let's talk to me and all of a sudden he's just dishing it's not that easy to just skate into
the middle of it and just find someone he found nugent hopkins ottawa looked so bad and we were
pumping ottawa's tires in terms of like beginning of the year they could they could just be a pain
in the ass they're getting pumped yeah murray's had a tough start too. Murray's had a real tough start, and the goaltending,
like Nurse's goal, awful.
Nice shot, but like, dude, it's got to be saved.
There was a bunch of them.
It's like, oh, my God.
If you're going to have a young team, and then you get no saves,
it's like it's just a matter of time.
You could see a little bit of the frustration coming out too. saves it's like it's just a matter of it's just a matter of like time not if it's gonna happen
you could see a little bit of the frustration coming out
to Brady Kachuk end up having a good
a good fight who do you fight
from Vancouver there was it Gaudette
well he went after Gaudette then McEwen
kind of jumped in to come to
Gaudette's defense and I love Brady too
pointing like anytime he's pointing at the bench
because he keeps chirping with guys on the bench
then chirping back after.
And yeah, Ottawa, man.
By the way, anybody want to buy back some Senators futures for 10 cents on the dollar?
DM me.
I'll let you know.
But yeah, I think they got six or seven losses in a row.
They've given up 44 goals in nine games.
Murray was yanked Sunday in the first period.
And yeah, I know I said Ottawa could be good.
And my caveat was if Murray can revert back to that form.
And, yeah, he hasn't reverted back to that form yet,
and we're seeing the results of it.
The other news out of that division, Biz, Calgary's Dylan Dub hit
well, hit  I don't know if it was an incidental contact,
but on Jesperi Kok and the Emmy, there was no penalty called.
I haven't heard anything from the Department of Play Safety Monday.
I heard nothing.
I heard he's getting nothing.
And I honestly, like, I know know people apoplectic about it on twitter
because that's twitter and even some reporters oh my i watched it and it was like well man the
kid turned into him dubay is gonna sort of reflexively put his arms up i don't think he
did anything malicious and i'm not surprised a there wasn't a call and b there was no supplementary
discipline as of recording i just just wrote old-time hockey.
People went absolutely fucking crazy on me on Twitter, and I'm saying, listen, I thought given today's climate,
the fact that even if it was accidental and it was reactionary
because he turned into him, and like you said,
Dub seemed a little bit surprised.
The contact overall, I thought for sure he would have got a penalty,
but people think that this guy should be put in prison in Montreal.
They've completely dropped the Chara case,
and now they're refiling one for this guy.
These fans are out of their minds.
Call it a 9-1-1.
Another note on Calgary.
It was all in the same game.
Mark Giordano had his 900th game, Matthew Kachuk's 300th,
and it was the 1500th game for the assistant equipment manager,
Corey Ozmak.
Congrats, Ozzy, on 1500 games.
Man, that's a long haul doing that job.
And like I've said before, those guys are the grease that makes this fucking league run.
They're right in the gears.
Without them, this league does not happen.
So congrats to him.
Let's talk about the other Kachuk brother, Biz, while we're at it.
Busy week for the old Matty Kachuk.
First, the old King Kong Bundy splash on Jack Campbell.
Then Jake Muzzin shot the puck at him at the end of the game.
Now, Jack Campbell was hurt.
Everybody was blaming Maddie afterwards,
but it turns out it was his leg not having anything to do with his head.
But the Muzzin shooting the puck at him, I mean,
he's always in the middle of that fucking action one way or the other.
Leafs Twitter is nuts, man.
If you do anything to a Leaf, you got to go on, what's the term I'm looking for?
Witness protection.
Witness protection.
You got to go witness protection every goddamn time.
Listen, did Kachuk kind of fall onto him on purpose?
For sure.
Did I think it was like that malicious?
No.
So, but I will say this.
I think Muzzin flipping the puck at him is fair game.
It's like.
Yeah, but I also i also would
be just as pissed as kachuk if somebody flicks the pocket you like that i could see why he flipped
out disrespectful i i completely agree and i agree with him having the wires crossed because
somebody would have did that to me it's like you're embarrassing him correct after a loss as
well so it's even more fueled so then we got another good door slam there
we get a lot of door slams this year but but going back to the previous game on what they saw on the
replay about what they did to their goalie do you not think it was warranted i think that like i
think that if after a game i'm not saying that at all yeah if i would have if i would have got the
puck flicked at me i might have known why I was getting it flicked at me.
Now, I also did see the presser for Kachuk after,
and I don't think he thinks he did anything wrong
when he went on to Campbell there, which is like,
okay, I'll take your word for it, but fuck, I don't know.
I saw the replay, and it kind of looked like
he kind of dropped the knee a little on him.
No? Am I crazy?
I just called it King Kong Bundy splash. It't i mean he didn't he didn't avoid him just because he's
saying that doesn't necessarily mean he believes it right and i don't blame muzzin at the end of
the day i believe i just called no i wasn't really chirping i'm not saying muzzin shouldn't have done
that i'm just thinking like that's why he flipped out but it was still hilarious yeah 100 100 do you
do you think that if you would have done what he did to the
goalie, you would have maybe
accepted the puck flip a little bit more?
Yeah, you got to think there was a better chance somebody
might fight him.
If they thought it was that malicious.
Yeah, true. Maybe he had been
asked in the game, but I don't think he's turning down
that many fights.
I mean, Matty jumped right in
there after the puck. I mean,
let me just clarify. Mazan wasn't disrespectful in the game. Yeah, Matty jumped right in there after the puck. I mean, not that  let me just clarify.
Muzzin wasn't disrespectful in the game.
Yeah, Matty earned what he got, you know,
like fucking falling on his goalie's head the night before.
But if you're Matt, you could chuck in a guy, you know,
flipping a puck at the end of the game.
That's disrespectful to that guy.
Yeah, you're going to get a response.
And, you know, he did get right up in his grill,
and, you know, he was pissed off after the game. But either way, that kid is a fucking straw that stirs the drink in calgary oh i loved i loved it all and
i wasn't really picking sides i just thought oh for sure something's gonna happen when watching
the next game and then uh i would i mean there's gonna be more fireworks with this team what i
meant to say was i would i would turn down uh the wayne train i don't think i would i'd be scared of
that guy.
He's got the long reach.
Talking about the North Division, Grinnelli,
we got the old Battle of Alberta t-shirt.
It's got a pimp mod again.
I was just texting you saying, can you pump these great shirts?
We got a Battle of Alberta shirt for Calgary,
a Battle of Alberta shirt for Edmonton.
It's concert style.
We got all the dates they play on the back.
That's obviously the Calgary one, right?
That's the Calgary one.
It's got the flames. The oil one's got a bunch of like the big oil things in the field.
I forget what they're called.
Oh, the oil rigs, Mikey?
The oil rigs.
The oil rigs.
Yeah.
Oil rigs.
Yeah.
So they go on sale Friday.
It's a great shirt.
The flames one.
I got to see the oilers one, but the flames one with the fire coming out.
And Grinnelli sent this over, too.
This is just to play off more of the Canadian division, which has been awesome.
Saturday night's early games, Toronto, Edmonton, and Calgary, Montreal,
across Sportsnet, CBC, City, and TVA Sports,
attracted an average audience of 3.2 million viewers.
That's the most watched Saturday night, 7 p.m. Eastern time games
in Canada since 2014.
So it says excluding Hockey Day canada which how many years is that
biz click 2014 seven years six well so the reason the reason i knew that so quickly is because
rutherford got hired in 2014 and i was doing the math in my head as to earlier today so i got really safe if it had happened in 1998 how many years would that been uh oh
fuck that 2023 yeah it is okay all right oh shit oh shit i'm a math guy not that not a word guy
82 82 246 okay actually you know what man uh since we're since we're on canadian topic as well
uh we were we were critical of vancouver they a tough start, and I got a couple quick notes I wrote down,
Stack Guy Biz.
Since we released the podcast, or since we recorded it, excuse me,
Vancouver ended up playing on Monday last week.
They're 4-0, outscoring opponents 20-4.
Besser's been lighting the lamp, four goals in a tuck,
or four goals in an apple, excuse me.
Petey's got five points.
Hughes has five points.
This Mott kid, he is the energizer bunny.
He's a prick out there.
He's a prick out there.
I like watching him.
And even this Hoglander.
I don't know if you saw that awesome assist the other night
where he dove and poked it to the guy,
and then he ended up scoring another goal.
Have you seen that kid's goals in Sweden?
No.
Oh, my God, Biz biz do yourself a favor tonight this
kid scored get the high level goals he'll score michigan he'll score michigan this year or next
year i guarantee it that would be a prop that prop bet that yeah there's only been three michigans
in the nhl right so i mean that's a big ballsy call. Should be big odds.
Keep in mind, three of those games were against Ottawa.
Sorry to mix the laugh in there, Ottawa fans,
but this has been an ugly, ugly start.
They have back-to-back games, Monday, Tuesday against the Habs.
That's going to be a big test, but they're playing good.
I'm going to go tune into those games as soon as we get off this Zoom call
or whatever the fuck we want to call it.
Zoom.
That's just the last note I had on the north.
A little tire pump.
And if you are watching Vancouver,
I think we've probably mentioned this before,
but Pedersen, he trucks people.
Reverse hit.
I think he looks skinny, and all of a sudden,
he's reverse hitting his balance.
Go to hit him.
Be ready.
That's my little tip for the youth in the NHL right now. That's where I like to go. You're going to go hit Ped hit him. Be ready. That's my little tip for the youth
in the NHL right now.
You're going to go hit Patterson. Be ready. How about
that? I should coach. So that's where I
compare him to the Datsuk
or Forsberg was really
good at it too. I mean, he was a bit more of a truck.
He kind of only created it.
Peter Forsberg?
He's probably the best reverse
hitter of all time.
I mean, he, I don't want to say single-handedly,
but it was one guy who changed the reputation of, like, Europeans and Swedes.
It was Peter Forsberg and just how tough he was without having a fucking fight every night.
Remember I watched that?
We should start Chuck Norris memes, but Peter Forsberg.
Remember those old sayings?
Yeah.
I can't think of one off the top of my head,
but I'm sure we could think of something.
We'll get my big dog t-shirt.
When I saw the show in Lemieux,
and remember I had all those like crazy stories that probably a lot of people
don't know. I want to do one of those on Forsberg.
I want to do some research because there's probably numbers and things he's
accomplished that the general hockey fan has no idea.
I mean, didn't he get surgery after like,
I get a spleen out and play that night or like the night later or
something like that.
I mean,
I'm going to do the research,
something like that.
It did happen.
I've had a hernia and a fucking gallbladder.
And I mean,
I couldn't move for a week.
Like,
I think he missed the whole regular season and then led the league in
playoffs.
It's Kucherov.
Kucherov sneaky could do that.
Right.
Oh yeah.
It's come out like sting on that gift.
How do I fucking out of the
sky because i know you saw that gif nikita kudrow playoff time that's the restless sting like
dropping out of the sky out of nowhere mcdavid and leon out one and two and points connor eight
goals 14 assists leon six goals 15 assists so uh those guys will probably at the top once the
season ends as well i was just watching that game too. I know we're, you know, we spent a lot of time on this North division,
but just sometimes like the competence too,
like you see some of like the too many men penalties and like they're
playing Ottawa, they're up five, one of the first.
And then next thing you know, the game's eight, five.
Like they just, like they can't play,
they can't seem to play a clean game and they,
and they rely way too heavily on it's just like you kind of mentioned it I think
before the season started you said just don't
fuck it up just stay even
and they seem to always find a way
to fuck it up yeah I mean it's still a young team
in some regards that they're not really have come
together yet they put a lot of parts in so
I don't know I'd like to see them pull it together
at least be competitive because the league's been super
competitive this year and I think the
Central Division is probably the best example of that.
A little surprise, Florida at the top 5-0-1.
But even in last place, Detroit 2-6-2 has six points.
It's only a five-point difference between eight teams.
But how about those cats?
First place, Florida, has a six-game point streak.
Hasn't lost in regulation.
Alexei Heponyemi became the second player this year
to score an overtime game winner for his debut goal. Kaprizov did it he's only been done four times in history
and patrick cornquist biz i know you wanted to give him some props i just think that uh net front
presence in the nhl is one of the more most uh undervalued assets and he is i don't like the
more i look at it i'm like oh man why man, why did Pittsburgh get rid of this guy?
He's probably at the top of his game right now
as far as how he is in front of the net, right?
Yeah, I think that he's a little slower, right?
I understand that's never been his biggest strength,
but I think to say it's a crazy Pittsburgh got rid of him,
I don't necessarily agree with that. Okay, fair enough. but I think it to say it's a crazy Pittsburgh got rid of them.
I don't necessarily agree with that.
Okay. Fair enough. But just watching how hard hottest starts been in Florida and how valuable,
you know, a power play asset can be in loan.
Every time you see a goal happening in floor right now,
and some of what she hasn't even got a point on,
he's just the one taking away the goalies eyes. And just, I mean,
we went back to back games for the coyotes where they didn't score a goal and just seeing the lack of it you're you're you know like there's not enough of these guys
around and and I think that they're very very undervalued especially in today's NHL where you
know it seems like special teams has became so important because you know five on five a lot of
teams seem to have a pretty dialed in they sit to a pretty firm structure to where you see the teams at the top
are always the ones capitalizing or, or mostly that is. So I just,
I just wanted to pump his tires and say that,
that I think it's one of the most valuable or underrated assets as far as
the NHL is concerned right now, net front presence.
I agree with Richie.
Richie's in Boston doing it and the fans despised him last year and he's
looked pretty good this year on that first unit playing the net front absolutely and I think there
might be a decrease in it I mean obviously I don't have any numbers to back it up but
you know what you think back early 90s I mean you had Leclerc and Kachuk and Billy Guerin and
they're scared of the speed and Brendan Shanahan and these we don't see a lot of guys like you
said is going to the front of the net and taking the wax.
I mean, I know we talk about it all the time, but Brady does it.
Brady Kachuk, he's kind of old school in that fashion.
But, yeah, there's just not the same amount of players, I don't know,
maybe willing to go there and take the punishment
to get those tips and deflections.
No, I genuinely think that there's a strong correlation
between guys who are willing to put up with the punishment in front of the net
and stand in front of pucks as they go by where you're standing in the goalie's eyes there's a huge difference i was
not a very good net front guy was i scared of taking clappers off the body and was i normally
like you know i just missed it no if you really want it and you want to eat the puck like shane
was unbelievable at it and he was a horse and I think that that that teams are
afraid to have a guy who's maybe a little bit slower but it's just like man I see guys who have
all the tools and no toolbox the majority of the time where it's it's like you know ah you know
Hornquist is slowing down a little bit well you're gonna get your 25 fucking goals who cares bury him
on the third line for regular shifts if you need to. But he's so,
he gets 25.
If he gets 25 this year,
that's,
that's big,
big odds right now of that actually happening.
Yeah.
Well,
I just wanted to kind of point that out.
And I,
we hadn't talked about a net front presence in a long time.
If we ever even have,
um,
the Panthers also have,
they've played Chicago and,
and, and, uh detroit right i mean
it's a great start but we'll see the they you know they've had tons of games delayed which also in
that division carolina and dallas and i got shit on for saying carolina is a playoff team dallas
came in there after looking like the greatest hockey team to ever play the first two games of
the year against detroit they came in the first game on Saturday night.
They got outshot.
They had 11 shots.
Dallas had 11 shots.
Carolina whooped them.
It was 4-1.
And then Sunday, Carolina beat them again.
And it was the shots in the second period at one point were 18-4.
So that team looks great and it sucks with
within the devils now we're going through the covid and the delay but like it's like all right
well guys are getting rested and it's going to be crazy the rest of the way out but you can see how
they're kind of coming out of these breaks strong not to mention that uh one nothing win against
tampa too so i had this written down in my notes Carolina Hurricanes tummy stick time
for a little tummy stick action I question their goaltending before the season well
warm up the lube Reimer 3-0 1.99 goals against average with a 918 save percentage and Mirazic
is 2-1 with a just under a goal game he's at 0.99 goals against average and a nine 55 save percentage.
So they've been both been doing unbelievable and,
and wit to allude to the guys they've missed because of the COVID situation
stalls, missed time, Tara Vinen, Martinook, Slavin fast.
So they've had some like big pieces out of our lineup to start the season.
And they are trucking teams. It just kind of, I mean,
we say it all the time, whenever we mention Carolina, just the mindset
and the leadership by Rod the Bot,
and I just think that they're following his lead
and they got some young studs.
And to keep doubting them, they're like the New Islanders.
They just keep bending me over every time I say something negative about them.
I would be dead if I tried to do what Shveshnikov did to stay onside.
That split. bottom i would be dead if i tried to do what shvetshnikov did to stay on side that was like i don't know how he's still playing go ahead all right sorry oh that's right yeah biz i saw the same tweet the kid tagging us like oh you guys said that caroline wasn't gonna do
nothing i'm like oh what crown and asses of the fucking six games like great from mrazek and rhyme
i hope they have success i'm not again but, it's six fucking games in the season.
So I'm like, it's one sixth in the season.
Well, that's why.
Let's see how the results are before we start telling people the best.
That's why I wrote down Carolina Hurricanes tummy sticks.
We're just being a little bit nice.
We want to get ahead of it now.
Now, to bring up your point, I watched that game against Dallas.
Reimer led in two softies.
They should not have been goals.
So I trust Mrazek way more than I do Reimer,
and let's see this season play out.
So I agree with your statement, R.A.
Yeah, that's all.
I wasn't saying the kid's wrong.
I was like, no, dude, it's early.
Nobody has won anything yet.
Give him the hardware.
The six-point games in the season.
Give him the hardware.
All right, moving along to the Chicago Blackhawawks did they find their goalie or what this kid kevin lankin has been
unbelievable six starts three one and two with a 197 and a 937 save percentage came over from
finland as a free agent i mean this kid was third or fourth in the depth chat and he looks like the
fucking real deal so far wait have you seen him play much? Not really, but the stats don't lie. That's the
saying. And I think that goaltending now is there's so much depth at that position. And there's so
many unreal goaltenders that are in the AHL that maybe haven't gotten a chance that I think now
more than ever, you're seeing a third and fourth, like third and fourth guy in the depth chart.
Like you mentioned, like if he gets a chance, man, they got game.
So the goaltending position is so deep, whereas you really don't know.
You can find a diamond in the rough anywhere,
and it makes a lot of sense why you don't see goalies picked super high
in the draft, unless it's 0-2 in my draft,
and the Lettonen went second overall.
I couldn't agree more.
Now saying that, I don't think they were having much luck
with the first two guys there, you know this kid's got some confidence and he's kicking you gotta you
gotta roll with that with the hot guy especially under the circumstance they're in as far as
goaltending then it makes you question the whole like offseason move by not having Crawford come
back but for that reason you end up finding a new guy maybe and you ride the hot hand and and with as far as goalie depth is concerned that's like the one position where i feel like most most smart teams have three guys
they they even have a guy ready in the pipeline and they just keep you know they keep uh replenishing
it even if they get rid of one for an asset so definitely a position that keeps getting better
and better also sticking with chicago we got an all-time quote from our pal Duncan Keith,
one of the coolest cats in the league, by the way.
This guy just has an aura about him when he walks in the room.
They asked him about the local media,
asked him about his many shot attempts in the past two games,
and he said, quote, I'm getting the Corsi up,
so you guys think I'm good, end quote.
That's such a great troll quote.
This guy's a future Hall of Famer, and he's's basically saying i don't give a fuck about course he like who cares you think i'm
good or bad based on this one fucking number so i thought it was absolutely hilarious he said well
forever he was apparently bad bad course he so he probably heard that bullshit and he was always
babysitting carrying around young d-men and then now he's dominating i think when think when he was with Jarvis and he was probably amazing that those
numbers wise too.
That's what chief was telling us.
And he knows his shit.
Oh,
no doubt about it.
He just can't,
he just can't snake draft.
Oh yeah.
By the way,
with great job,
we got to bring that up.
No,
that already,
I think we've recorded.
We talked about it.
Oh,
okay.
I couldn't remember if we,
if we went over the actual draft itself, but yeah, that was very entertaining. It's a, it's fun stuff. there is one barst I think we've recorded. We talked about it. Oh, okay. I couldn't remember if we went over the actual draft itself.
But yeah, that was very entertaining.
It's fun stuff.
Well, there is one Barstool thing we can mention quickly.
They just started a new series, and Grinnell, I'll let you hop in.
Yeah.
Surviving Barstool.
It's absolutely hilarious.
They trapped 10 of the 10 bloggers in the Barstool offices for a full week.
Can't leave.
No clothes, no nothing.
Took all their bags
and they basically have to live there all week and they did episode one on monday night it was a
it was absolutely hilarious episode two is going on right now kfc is hosting the whole thing it's
it's unbelievable one day was so bad that it cleared out the whole office they did something
where the smell was so bad on both floors everyone had to leave so i'm excited to watch
all right check it out if you like that kind of stuff all right one more note before we do get
to colin wilson we have another guest coming on as i mentioned mike delzato took an awful gash
off the lip i mean cotton on your face is one thing but when it's right there in your lip you
can't eat you can't fucking every little like motion probably pulls the stitches apart you
have a good cut real bad there oh you you look at it too and you're right away
you just grab your mouth i i told you guys a story i play with this kid named tomas chubby
he was from the czech republic and he was back checking chris thorburn in practice and dorby
skate came up and it was probably three or four times worse than delzato's where it cut the lip
and it went all the way up to where it was just hanging over.
So if he closed his mouth, you could see some of his teeth.
But seeing that, man, what was it?
Zitnik?
That was about 10 years ago.
Alexei Zitnik.
Was that who got cut in the throat when he was with?
Oh, no, that was Clint Malach.
Zetnik.
It was Richard Zednik.
It happened.
Richard Zednik.
My apologies.
That was another threat.
God, with the blades and the way these guys are flying around out there, man, sometimes
some nasty shit can happen.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, we're going to bring on Colin Wilson in one second.
But first, you guys can say goodbye to stressful student loan payments and take charge of your
future with earnest.
Earnest offers low rate student loan refinancing, and you can check your rate risk-free in just two minutes.
With Earnest, you get radically flexible payments, and you can pick your loan term.
By refinancing, you can reduce your loan term, save money, or combine multiple loans into one simple payment.
And if you have questions, you can even talk to a real-life human at Earnest for help.
Isn't it time you stopped feeling overwhelmed by a student debt? Now, Ernest is giving our
listeners a 100 bonus. Refinance your student loan at Ernest.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And you will get a 100 cash bonus when you do go to Ernest.com slash chicklets. So do it right now.
It's not available in all states. Visit Ernest.com slash chicklets. So do it right now. It's not available in all states. Visit earnest.com slash chicklets for more details, terms and conditions do apply.
Earnest student loan refinancing made by Earnest Operations LLC and MLS number 1204917,
California financing law license number 6054788, 303 2nd Avenue, Suite 401N, San Francisco, California, 94107.
Visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licenses.
Shara talked against the Bruins.
Did he?
Okay, gang.
Well, we got two guests for you.
Like we said, a couple of BU guys actually went,
a couple of fellow alums.
Former Terriers.
Former Terriers, we like to call them.
Okay, former Terriers.
Without further ado, here is Colin Wilson.
Well, I'd like to welcome our next guest to the show.
He played at BU for two years, winning a national championship
his sophomore year before turning pro.
He then joined the Nashville Predators,
who drafted him seventh overall in the 2008 draft.
He spent eight seasons in Smashville, then three in Colorado,
and recently retired after 11 NHL seasons and over 600 games.
It's a pleasure to welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast, Colin Wilson.
Thanks for joining us, Colin.
Yeah, great intro. Thanks for having me.
Oh, thanks, buddy. Appreciate it.
I know you had hip surgery back in Artova. How are you feeling these days? You getting around okay? Yeah. Great intro. Thanks for having me. Oh, thanks buddy. Appreciate it.
I know you had hip surgery back in October. How are you feeling these days?
You getting around? Okay.
I'm getting there. I had the, so I had bilateral hip surgery in 2019 in October as well.
So both hips done and I didn't get past,
I didn't get past walking with those.
I was supposed to come back for the playoffs, regular playoffs before COVID.
So I had them redone again, and I'm starting to move along.
So that's promising.
What was the issue with the first time around?
It was just they didn't do it correctly,
or you just had maybe different rehab after?
What was the story there?
Just a complication where essentially another tear developed
in a different part of my hip.
It was unfortunate. It took a while to figure out, but we're certainly happy. It's just a complication where essentially another tear developed in a different part of my hip.
It was unfortunate.
It took a while to figure out, but we're certainly happy that we figured it out.
Well, we're going to go back into kind of the beginning and your family and how you got into the game of hockey.
That's usually how we do these interviews.
And I know the injuries you did battle, it goes a long way back from your growing starting at a young age.. But before we get into all that, like your father played in the NHL, your grandfather played
in the NHL. You just loved hockey from the get-go I'm guessing, and just had a passion for it.
Yeah. I mean, I also grew up in Winnipeg, so there's not, that doesn't hurt. Yeah. That's the,
that's the thing to do. You're out at the, out in the backyard and I mean, it's cold. So you're
either playing hockey or that's,'s pretty much it but uh yeah
certainly a lot a lot of family background and you know two of my uncles also played juniors in
college and were drafted played some pro in Finland so uh there's certainly no getting away
from it my family oh it talks about your work ethic were you the kid on the pond that they had
to beg to come off you were there up all night your mom's like get off the pond it's time to go
to sleep yeah pretty much I mean it really was it turned into that but luckily there were so many of us
in winnipeg who kind of felt this felt the same way i mean my so i grew up um as well on a pond
so my dad made the uh backyard rink he actually made a a weaving path kind of like that kevin
weeks or pardon me not kevin weeks ste. Stevie Weeks. The big Saturday game.
R.A. hates that movie.
I saw they were just voting on like best on NHL, best hockey movie.
I don't know if I'd go with that one, but yeah, so it was definitely that scenario.
You were childhood buddies, still are friends with Jonathan Taves, correct?
Yeah, yeah. Was he always that nasty as a kid yeah so i i'll actually i'll give my dad a little bit of a
shout out here because i remember i was he's a year older than me but i was i remember being
nine years old and i he and being like hey dad like am i as good as taves and he's like no but
he's gonna be an all-star in the nhl and no way he said it then
he said it at 10 years old so i'll give my dad credit on his uh hockey iq like i'll never forget
that because i remember being choked too that my dad didn't think i was better he's like absolutely
not yeah you keep doing bench presses you are one pathetic loser no maybe that's a little too
aggressive oh well you you're you've spent a lot. I mean,
you've represented team USA quite a bit and, and you were, you were living in Winnipeg.
Where's the dual citizenship come from? Yeah. My dad was playing for the Rangers.
So I just happened to be born at that time. I got born in Greenwich, which is pretty funny because
decent town. Well, that's the thing is my parents told me I was born in New York as well. So when I finally looked at my birth certificate, I asked my parents, I said, what's green, which
they're like, Oh, that's no, you were born in Greenwich. Um, but, uh, so I got the dual
citizenship, grew up in Winnipeg from three to 15 and was actually trying out for team West for
under 17. So I was trying out for team Canada and the U.S. came and watched me play and offered me
a spot and I wanted to go college route I had always considered myself and taken pride in being
American so I got to go play for the the national NTDP and for people who don't know biz if you play
one game for another nation you can never play oh really so well I shouldn't say that because you
can end up getting citizenship you go to Europe and guys will play for like Italy.
You've seen things like that.
But I'm pretty sure  I remember Brett Hull was bringing up like he ended up playing for Team USA.
Had he played for Canada at all, it would have been done.
So good decision by you.
You ended up dominating the national program and having pretty successful two world juniors as well.
Yeah, no.
It was huge.
I was coming off of getting cut from my midget team
the year before in winnipeg so all of a sudden the next year i'm playing for the u.s national
team and starting to get college uh scholarship offers bu being one of them they're the first
team to offer me but it really was like it was a very quick jump after being cut from my traveling
team so it was great was bu an easy choice for you or the
other options you were looking at i didn't even know about bu at all when they offered me i was
i was thinking north dakota being a winnipeg kid and taves daves had just uh committed there
so you know what it when it came down to it quinn coach and Parker were great talkers. I also really wanted an education, no offense to North Dakota.
Or Benz.
It was great.
All of a sudden, being a kid from Winnipeg at the time and going to visit Boston,
it just became incredibly easy.
It was such a cool town.
Truly, nothing else i had ever
really seen at the time being 50 and 16 years old well you mentioned your father and how much you
know he meant to you and then your grandfather also what what is the story about him in terms
of getting swedish players over like can you explain the whole scenario there yeah so my
grandfather he got the two gate two games in with montreal canadians had to retire um due to his
knees so then he just became an orthopedic
surgeon because that was the next step became the Jets team doctor um ended up taking a break
going to Sweden to study fast twitch fibers and while he was there he went and watched these
Swedish players play and it was uh Anders Hedberg and Ulf Nielsen and he called the Jets up and was
like hey you got to get these guys they're they're incredible and I think in the next year the Jets up and was like, hey, you got to get these guys. They're incredible. And I think in the next year, the Jets brought him over,
and they obviously became pretty big stars for the Winnipeg Jets.
That's crazy.
A former doctor ends up getting you two sick imports in the NHL.
That's a great story.
And then you bring up him studying fast-switch muscles.
I've told the story the first time I saw you coming to BU.
I mean, I want to say at 17, 18, you had to be 6'1", 215.
Like you were just immediately at a young age, strong, big, strong kid.
Was that always the case?
Did you have an enormous growth spurt at one point?
I had the enormous growth spurt.
And then I turned into a gym monkey at the same time.
Yeah, you did.
Yeah.
I enjoyed it.
But you can't blame me i grew up in
a family where at christmas we're all the uncles were doing bench press competitions every year
like that was what a bunch of goons they were one up on the guys in the bubble they were doing way
offs yeah so it was uh yeah definitely definitely something to reflect on i think one of the factors
and i you i heard i heard your take
on it as well uh maybe some injuries was overtraining but at the same time i also had
the ability to put on quite a bit very quickly and yeah one summer i went i mean i think i got
drafted to the dub at like 5 4 above 20 and then i was 16 years old and i was yeah 6 1 2 10 so it
happened yeah it happened quick and i was like who, 6'1", 210. So it happened.
Yeah, it happened quick.
They're like, who's this guy?
That's not the guy we drafted.
We got him in the seventh round.
I was seventh round.
Oh.
To the dub, yeah, Kelowna Rockets.
So it was, yeah, I went hard. But it's one of those double-edged swords because I think that work ethic
certainly gets you pretty far,
but sometimes it can be a little much.
Growing up, considering the pedigree, your grandfather and then your father,
did you feel any added pressure to be successful in hockey because of that?
I'd say so, probably.
I think it certainly  I mean, my dad ran the hockey camps that everybody wanted to be in as well.
So, you know, it was certainly a name around Winnipeg.
And, yeah, I felt that pressure.
But at the same time, I also got probably way better advice than everybody.
And I also knew what was possible.
And truly, like, the direction was pretty fantastic.
I mean, I was getting pucks dropped in the garage when I was 11,
learning how to take face-offs. And not everybody was everybody was bringing nate mckinnon over he says
he needs work on his draws yeah that's because of len barry his uh len barry's been giving it
to him about his face-offs that's right yeah tyson's old man call it obviously the game changed
immensely from when your dad and your granddad played. But what kind of advice did they give you that you were able to use in the modern day?
I think a lot of my game turned into behind the net, in the corners, top of the circles type of game.
So it turned into more gritty, more keep away, more trying to win the battles and you know when other things in my game didn't
necessarily take off I could rely on that and kind of continue to have a position and do something
that maybe the next guy couldn't necessarily do quite as well well when you look at those teams
at BU when you got there I mean you had a great freshman year and then took off your sophomore
when you guys won it all did you know kind of at the beginning of that sophomore year that was going to be it for you no matter if you won it all?
Or did you kind of want to wait to see how that year played out?
Because it was pretty evident early on that college,
you were ready to go after two years.
Yeah.
No, I was calling it after the two years.
I think it was partially because you had to declare a major
after your second year, and I wasn't ready to do that.
I wasn't ready to tell them, oh, yeah, I want to go into history.
I went with sociology.
I still barely know what that is.
I don't know what that means.
It's like the study of humans, I think.
Yeah, so I knew I was going, so it was pretty fantastic.
I had a few meetings with Coach Parker and Coach Quinn,
and we all kind of knew what the plan was.
I was signing at the end of the year, but to go out the way that I did,
and the team was just truly ridiculous when you go back and look at it.
I think it'll rival.
I think Maine with Korea would obviously be a rival
on one of the better college hockey teams,
but pretty insane to go back and look.
And I certainly look at that overtime goal a couple times a year.
So, Biz, they were down 3-1 with, what, a minute left?
Yeah.
And they tied it up and then took it down in OT.
Who did you play against?
It wasn't Vincent Laverde's Miami of Ohio.
I was roommate with Vincent Laverde,
who was captain with the Ontario Reign and Manchester Monarchs.
We won the Calder Cup.
Not a big deal.
But yeah, that was an insane comeback.
Let's talk through it.
Yeah, I still remember.
It's funny because I actually just had dinner with Coach Quinn, coach of the Rangers.
I'm sure everybody knows.
But he...
Rocket.
Yeah, he's a good looking man.
He's an awesome fellow.
Doing all right in New New York I'm sure
but he I remember him
at the time out it was a minute
14 seconds left and he's like guys we just gotta
believe and I was kind of like oh I don't know
man
we don't just need one Quinny we need two
yeah I think I have to sign a ticket tomorrow
so we'll see but
he truly like
a big goal by Zach Cohen
and then another big goal by Bonino.
Huge play by Gilroy.
And then Colby Collins claimed the fame.
Good buddy of mine and roommate.
He scored the overtime goal.
It was truly, it was a special team.
We did that so many times throughout the year, actually,
where we were down.
And our whole way through the tournament,
we kept finding ways to win,
kind of like those big championship teams do.
But I think it would have been a bit of a  not travesty.
That's a very harsh word.
But the right team won, I think.
We were very good all year and very talented.
So the kid who scored the goal, he never went and played pro?
That was the end of it?
No.
No, he played a little bit.
No, Colby played three games he got
some games in in the show he was a black ace when uh boston bruins won he he's awesome and he's still
actually an announcer for the philadelphia flyers right now he's just i i like giving him a hard
time he'd be a funny guy so when you say claim to fame he makes sure every time he's at the bar
and he's got a few beers in him, he mentions it to everyone.
They're talking about the Monday night football game.
He's like, you know, I scored the OT winner.
Nowadays, you can pull up the YouTube clips too and just show everyone.
He's got the YouTube video saved, I'm sure, on his phone.
Were you  was it drafted after your freshman year or had it already turned into drafted before you got to BU?
No, I was drafted after my freshman year. I had the late birthday.
Okay. All right. So that was same case for me, but was it on your mind the entire freshman year
where you're like, I got to get points this year? Were you more taking the approach of just
playing as well as you could for Parker and BU and trying to not think about the draft that year?
Because I know it was tough for me. i'm sure the latter would have been the way
to go but i was i was the former i was certainly i was certainly worried about the draft i wanted
to put up numbers i wanted and you know the following year i got to go into position more
where i was trying to help the team as well but i mean it's it's hard you're trying to get drafted
as high as possible and it's in the back of your mind.
It's difficult, especially colleges.
I went from the program where everybody's trying to get drafted,
and all of a sudden to college hockey where it is more of a team atmosphere.
I learned pretty quickly about that.
When the draft comes, I don't remember where it was when you got drafted,
but I know 2008 was pretty special.
The stamp coast went number one overall.
That day, talking to your agent, did you have an idea Nashville was probably the pick,
or did you think possibly a little bit earlier?
Take me through that day.
I know it's probably tough to remember.
At least it is for me, but it certainly was exciting, I'm guessing.
It was in Ottawa.
Actually, no, man.
My agent at the time, Neil Sheehy, he's like, Toronto's taking you. Watch, they're going to trade up from seven to five. And when they do, they're taking you. And they trade up from seven to five. And then Luke Shen. So I, at the time, did not know for sure Nashville. I knew that they were the first team to interview me. And Kevin Kilty was a BU alumni who was the head of their scouting and paul fent was another bu guy no jeff jeff kelty because you're thinking of the
bu guy kevin kelty yeah man i there's a lot of kills i know i know i just wanted to help him out
there yeah thanks thanks yeah so he uh yeah there he was one of the first people to speak to me but
it was um uh yeah i didn't know but obviously yeah
an incredibly exciting time colin did you make the team out of camp or did you have to start in
milwaukee i made the team out of camp but kind of the the theme uh of my career i had already had
that groin injury for a bit so i made the team out of camp had the groin injury missed a month
and then uh they wanted to send me to the minors.
I actually got some games in and then my groin went again.
Then I went to the minors.
So it was, and then I ended up splitting the year.
You got the 09-10 season.
Were you surprised at how much Nashville had embraced hockey even way back then?
To an extent.
I think back then it was still a bit of a shock being a winnipegger
being the like people idolized hockey like if you were in the show you are you know you're
kind of so it was uh it was it was a little bit of an adjustment but to watch it grow to watch
the city grow at the same time um you know truly a highlight of my career. I couldn't have seen a cooler development while it happened.
Speaking of development, you said you played,
or I think I already mentioned Milwaukee for 40 games.
I keep hearing how great of a program it is.
I never played against them in the away barn.
What was your experience like for the 40 games and like,
did it help you eventually learn to be all ready to go for the NHL level?
Yeah, it was fun it was a little bit more of the jungle type atmosphere which was honestly good good to learn and we had a good yeah we had a great coach
in lane lambert and it was great with uh development great city, but actually Lambert one time. So I was nine, I was 19 and he,
he called the time out and he wanted to change the breakout,
the set breakout. And he's like, and I didn't listen at all.
And he was telling us not pay centers. Don't swing behind the net.
We're not swinging behind the net anymore.
And I'm the first guy out there and I didn't pay attention at all.
And this is in Peoria and a three and a three and three, maybe 20 people in the barn.
And I immediately go swing behind the net.
And I just hear from the bench in a dead silent building, just fuck you,
really pay fucking attention.
So, and I like had the puck going up the ice, just laughing.
It was a good time, great coaching, and it was a great learning experience.
I had a lot of fun my time in Milwaukee.
You get one time out of game busy, wasted it to switch to breakouts.
That explains every single time I went to the board when the coach was writing up a drill.
I would leave the drill.
I'd be like, oh, my God, what the fuck are are we doing what did we just say up there for four minutes yeah our attention spans
weren't exactly there um you bring up the groin injury and and from from reading you know it's
really what caused a lot of the hip stuff what age what age did that really start like when were
you like oh my god i have something seriously going on with my groin here 16 oh and so do you think it had something to do with that growth spurt yeah i did and at the same
time uh yeah i look yeah at the pro i mean you were you a program guy i forgot yep yep and it
was like 12 hours a day yeah you know at the time time, a lot of Olympic lifting and then I was doing extra on top of it.
And at the same,
I,
I injured it.
And I remember I couldn't,
you know,
at the time you're like,
I'm not taking a week off.
How can I take a week off every week?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you got to develop and you know,
you're making such gains in such short amount of time.
So I had that didn't really rest it,
and it just never fully healed and went away.
And maybe I had some compensation
and some back and forth throughout the whole time.
But I still managed it.
And certainly, you and I had the same body work.
Ellen, mind-body connection.
Check it out.
In order to try to figure all this out because it obviously kept pulling it like were you being told you know
you got to be activating this more and that more like because back then it was a little bit
different but i'd started towards the end of my career getting injuries and it's because certain
muscles weren't activating was that kind of the the reason why things were going down um yeah i
think at the same time though, I had developed
a pretty significant amount of scar tissue in that area. And yeah, maybe some things had started,
some had started to take over, but at the same time, what you're referencing is essentially what
kept my career going for as long as it did, because I was, I was extremely religious about
my warmup and my cool down. I mean, it had to be done a certain way. I had to feel a certain way. And so I,
I began learning that later on in my career and it really really helped me
lengthen it for sure.
But people like now hopping in here, sorry, wait, no,
the mental grind of having to do all that before every game and every
practice, like that's part of what eventually just like eats away. Right.
It doesn't necessarily become fun anymore, becomes more of a job and then you're nervous once you even do that stuff if it's
going to actually work and you're not going to tear your groin again yeah for sure i think i mean
one of the greatest you know the feeling of being in that zone space you know everything's flowing
but all of a sudden when you have that nagging injury and you're worried like you're looking at
the schedule you're going oh shit i gotta i got four games this week i got a back-to-back i got a four and six and how is this
thing i got to keep this keep on top of this so that's certainly where it became a little bit
strenuous for me and i think anybody who's playing you know most guys are playing through injuries
uh you know in their in their career and you know i i want to bring up, I read the two articles that you've done.
You've done one with the Players' Tribune
and then one just came out recently with The Athletic.
And you mentioned in one of them,
I really appreciated that, in a sense,
where you were drafted
and how the numbers look like you were a disappointment.
Same here, you know?
Like, it's like I didn't live up to where I was drafted.
But you said, like, from what I went through
and what I did to play as long as I did, I consider a serious success. And I think that that is so true, like listening
to what you had to go through. And for people who don't know, a lot of that had to do early on with
the obsessive compulsive disorder. And I never knew that about you. So props to you to come out
with that article. I don't know if it was a year or two ago. How hard was that? And when did that
really kind of start taking over in your mind
in terms of thinking about being injured and worrying about things
and having to do certain things before you got on a plane?
All the stuff that just must have been so difficult growing up with.
It actually, my first year in the league is when Paul Fenton
and the team psychologist met with me because they had
noticed what I was doing and they, they had been like, something's,
something's wrong.
What were some of the things they were noticing? Sorry to interrupt you.
Yeah, yeah, no. So it was,
it was the plane thing that really stuck out to them where they noticed like I
had this routine before I flew and I couldn't not do it before I flew,
which I mean, it was just touching the
outside of the plane, every piece of garbage had to be picked up. And this was all in my mind to
make sure the plane didn't go down. So that was kind of the red flag. But even with that,
and them telling me that, I just didn't believe it. And I didn't, again, it was my only reality,
you know, how am I supposed to know that, you know, somebody's telling you there's something
wrong with it. And it, you know, at 19, it's hard, hard pill to swallow and hard to understand. So
it really wasn't until 27, when it all kind of blew up on me, and it had gone on for eight years.
And I mentioned in the article with my skates, that was like the main main thing that took me down truly it was it's it was
terrible when it started like 23 all of a sudden this pair of skates came in wrong and then that
was it and it maybe it didn't even come in wrong but yeah i thought about my skates i'd retie them
and then that'd go away for a minute and that's like the definition of obsessive compulsive
disorder you have an obsession about my skates i have a compulsion i have to tie them and then it just keeps cycling so um yeah it took me down and all of a sudden you know you're
playing in fight or flight mode you're anxious while you're playing um not sleeping because of
it so i mean i played tons of games on an hour and a half two hours of sleep or i did that for
a consecutive week where i just wasn't sleeping and I was just an absolute zombie out there.
But I still had my, somehow I had my best season during one of the worst episodes.
So, yeah, I mean, it was, it's pretty wild looking back and I can certainly go more in depth on that as well.
Like throughout the course of it, it just kept piling up more and more things that you had to do.
So like eventually it was just consuming your whole schedule by when you were awake.
Yeah, not necessarily that it was it um like you mentioned the plane thing right i just want to know like other things away from hockey were there did those continue to mount yeah i think honestly
though the amount that the skates thing took out of me and the amount that i had to worry about
going into the rink and feeling that way is what years and years of doing that and your nervous system getting
jacked up is what truly were you know took a toll on me and you know the lack of sleep everything
you can do it for a certain amount of time but then all of a sudden it blows up on you and that's
what happened to me and i you know i didn treat the OCD. I didn't do the proper
thing. So all of a sudden I'm taking tons of sleeping meds, uh, just to sleep. And, um,
the combination of that, um, partying and the OCD being untreated is when I finally,
everything blew up on me and I had to finally be like, Hey, it's time to get help.
And take natural approaches or did you have to start with
medication or to get to a place where you could live with it? Um, yeah, in terms of natural
approaches at the time, I wasn't aware of natural approaches, nor was I thinking, um, in that realm,
I mean, getting, getting the medication, even for me, it was a stretch to reach out and ask for that.
So, um, now with everything that I've learned, I know a lot
more. I mean, that's one of the reasons I wrote the article was because I just, you know, I,
a, I don't want people to feel as alone, you know, and what they're going through. I want them to
feel okay about it, but there's also so much out there. There's so much to learn about yourself.
There's so much, there's so many avenues you can go down. And I just wanted people to be aware of it.
I mentioned a few in the story that I do myself and there's just a whole world
out there and so much help on the other side of just, you know,
reaching out for it.
What are some natural things that like that could be done just to like,
and like, you know,
what do you do from a day-to-day basis in order to control it?
Yeah. So one of the, one of the main things is keeping
a parasympathetic nervous system. So I'm constantly doing float tanks, sensory deprivation tanks,
which really relaxes me. It gets me parasympathetic. I have this other thing called
the NuCalm. It's like a little disc that, again, brings you parasympathetic. I mean,
there's things like CBD. If you want to go into the more natural approach, I know people are big into psilocybin. I've done a macro, you know, done the psilocybin facilitated trip with a facilitator. I mean, there's, yeah, truly the list goes on and on.
Do the mushrooms just help you make you happier a little bit? that's almost like a, I did a, a macro dose because people actually, after I wrote the article had a lot of questions about it and they're like,
Oh, are you micro dosing? And I actually know what I did is I did one-on-one
with the facilitator. I took a very large dose and it gives you,
it kind of brings you to a different perspective on your,
on what you're going through and gives you that mental break where you can kind
of see things
clearly and kind of connect to something different than what you're already connecting to so it gave
me a different perspective um and kind of shifted my perception on everything moving forward and
i've done a done a few of those so it wasn't a panacea for me but it certainly um has helped
so when you when you would take that bigger dose would you have exercises to do while you were in that, whatever euphoric state? I don't know what you would call it mushrooms.
Yeah. Yeah. No. So not really. The only thing that was there was the facilitator that I work with.
They record it because you're typically in a very connected space. You're more open.
So that way you can listen to the recording after, and you can integrate kind of that
different perspective back into your life. So that's the main thing with that because i with psilocybin
you are making a lot more connections in your brain than normal it's shutting down your day-to-day
it's called the default mode network it's shutting that down so all of a sudden there's more
connections going on you're accessing different parts that you normally don't but in that space
that's pretty much the only thing but you gotta you kind of gotta let go and let it fly because it's a
it's a pretty uh pretty crazy space to be in because i think the medical term is uh tripping
balls exactly tripping balls call what is considered a macro dose exactly like two grams
three and a half grams yeah and yeah so three grams three grams always like can
you send me some yeah it's typically called it so that's called the hero's dose uh is three three
grams and up is typically where you're about to go on a a ride and like you know for me like when
i when i've done them i have um i have an eye fold on i I have music going, and you have somebody there making sure you're good the whole time and who's a professional. So again, it was amazing. It's been truly amazing, but it's kind of been one pillar in all the different things. I really can't necessarily point to one thing and say it's been bigger than the other, but that's also been a pretty large shift in my life for sure.
How long does that last yeah it depends on the dose i've had and also i mean outside of psilocybin there
are other psychedelics as well um but depending on the dose what psychedelic you're taking
it's we'll say with psilocybin you you're going four to eight hours probably.
But there's other ones that are honestly like five minutes,
although you don't, it's a weird, it's a, yeah,
it gets a little bit weird, so I won't go there.
But yeah, that's typically what you're looking at in terms of that.
Now, do the positive effects typically last for like weeks, months?
I mean, I have a family member who swears by them too.
He'll take them, you know, every couple of months and it kind of puts them back where he needs to be. Is that your experience as well? good to go like life is you're you're good you know like every every problem in your life has
been solved but then all of a sudden you know reality hits again and you're back in the same
pattern so it's taking that experience that you had when you're in that different place where
you're kind of looking at all your patterns and incorporating it into your life um is where the
big difference is so that would maybe explain uh what you're talking about with your, I forget, friend or uncle.
But again, I'm not a doctor or I hear, but that's typically it.
But other people have success in just microdosing.
Some people take it in different frequencies. But there are lots of studies out there now that are aimed at figuring out the dose and frequency that is best for people.
We've talked to a lot of guys on here and Biz and I have
mentioned that retirement can be so difficult and finding something after the game is always
a true battle for someone who's done this for as long as we have. But for somebody like you,
and I know with me, it was almost a little bit of a relief where you talk about your feet never
feeling right in the skate. Same with me. I was injured. I couldn't play as well anymore. And at
the end of my career, it was like, oh my God, I don't have that anxiety of going to the rink.
Has that been the case as you've gotten healthy and better mentally and physically, hopefully?
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
I think it's
It's like a release in a way.
It's been a release.
Just the consistent sleep has been unbelievable. unbelievable yeah you're not pressurized you
know if you're having say you're having a bad day or you didn't get your sleep at least you're not
playing in front of 18 000 people with you know maybe the coach is going to rip you in the morning
and the gm is going to have a talk with you so um it's certainly it's certainly a relief um in that
sense and yeah there's you know you have to fill your time with other things
and figure out a direction.
Obviously you found the podcast and golfing
and taking people's money on the course.
It's all, yeah, it's all figuring out what you want to do,
which took me a bit of,
it actually did,
maybe I should have taken a little bit more time off,
but yeah, like I got, I went right back to college.
So it's been good.
Good for you.
Did BU  are they still honoring the scholarship?
That is the case, I think, right?
They are.
Yeah, classy move. When you win a national championship, don't tell us.
Not every school does that.
You get a full ride to BU and you leave early, you want to go back,
they'll pay for it continually.
Wow, that's classy.
Yeah, classy school right there, Terriers.
Yeah, one of the  well, I mean, that is actually one of the reasons
why I ended up going to BU is because they said that they would honor the scholarship
so i've been in i'll definitely be in debt to them because this is this is fantastic
i want to go back to nashville for a sec we didn't bring up the shea web of pk suban trade
was that just a absolutely huge shock throughout the room when it happened
all the whispers about it how'd that all go down um zero whispers like i remember where i was and i saw it and i got a text i think from neil
or actually i think he's who texted me but yeah man it was a shock to everybody i remember texting
webs asking him what he knew about it i was like okay well he must have waived his no trade clause but i don't believe he had one um so yeah it was a shock shocked shocked everybody um and i don't know it was fun it
was also fun to play with uh pk for a year but you know webby was webby was the guy that uh he
was the captain certainly helped me throughout my career um was an amazing captain so yeah it was it
was one of those things where, you know,
you realize you're not safe even if you're the captain.
You played for Trotz and Laviolette.
I would say the public perception about those two is probably not opposite,
but a little bit different.
What was the biggest difference playing for those two?
Yeah, I mean, I think that they are very different coaches.
Obviously, Trotz is what I guess is referred to as a player's coach,
a little bit less hands-on but more defensive.
And then, yeah, Laviolette came in,
and I think he also recognized what good defense we had at the time,
and he began running all of our offense through the D.
Our D were taking way more chances.
It was a little bit less defensive in that sense.
And Laviolette was a little bit more hands-on.
He was trying to pump you up every single day.
I mean, he had a speech and a take on life every day
trying to get us pumped up, and it worked.
So that was pretty incredible.
But yeah, different guys, but truly both of them were pretty amazing coaches.
I was very lucky to have only played for coaches that I liked in my career.
When we had Mac on the first time,
he talked about dealing with a sports psychologist and how he was doubting
himself and all that. When, when you were with him in Colorado,
was he aware of some of the things that you were going through and did he
reach out to your advice for, for anything that maybe he was going through?
Yeah. So truly with, after my trade to Colorado,
it was during that summer where i finally started to
you know get some help and i became i became more open and at the same time nate and tice were kind
of like my guys um so we were going to dinner on the roads we were hanging out quite a bit and
they were quite aware of what i was going through um so that yeah that was good i mean they're both
both great and supportive and we had some fun conversations and yeah nate nate and i certainly spoke and like bounced some ideas ideas around and i know that
he's you know it's been pretty cool to hear that he's open and talking about how he tries to work
on himself um you know work on himself as a player and as a human being and i think that that's
you know so so crucial and that's something that him and I certainly had uh conversations about
um you know during our time together had the chance to go to a cup final as well I mean
that Pittsburgh team was loaded do you remember anything specific about that series and you had a
you had a big playoff for the team that year it was probably felt pretty good in terms of that
year being one of the hardest physically and mentally off the ice too is impressive you're able to get that done yeah um i mean i'll be the run the run the playoffs everything was the city of nashville
i mean the the fans it was it truly was crazy and um i think that's just the atmosphere of the whole
thing is what i'll always remember and just kind of that belief that builds and builds you know i
don't we weren't picked to necessarily go that far so it was pretty incredible but um yeah actually one one thing i'll say about
uh in game in game five i actually snapped one of the eyelets on my laces so no yeah let's talk
about the worst thing to me your mind you knew it was coming yeah no so i didn't even have a
didn't even have a pair of skates baked and ready to go and all of a sudden i'm throwing on these
clanky boots five of the stanley cup playoffs so that was actually a good little good little
exposure for the kids so it was it was uh yeah that was pretty crazy but no the whole i mean it
looking back i mean that shock when pat when Patrick Hornquist scored that goal,
it was 0-0 and he tucked it with a minute left or two minutes left.
We just had a goal called back and it was devastating
when it suddenly just sunk in.
He scored that goal and the whole building just went quiet.
But happy for Horny.
At least he got another cup.
Do you think if they don't call back PK's goal in the first game,
it might be a totally different series there?
R.A. bet on him being the first series goal.
I literally won't.
He can never forget it.
Yeah.
But it was huge, though.
Yeah.
Man, we had some big goals called back during that time.
I think it was Colton Sisson's goal in the final or in game six that um i mean it was a zero zero game if we would have had that one goal lead
with two minutes left it would have been completely different and i don't think it should have been
called back uh but yeah i mean you can certainly look at quite a few different aspects but
i don't know we're still we're still up against malkin crosby, and they're a good team.
So it's hard to say.
It's really hard to look back and say.
And you mentioned you're in Brooklyn now.
Is that where you're kind of planning on moving forward?
Or where's your home base at?
Yeah, home base is in Brooklyn right now.
But I mean, I'm from Winnipeg, born in Greenwich,
living in Brooklyn with a house in Southie. So I
don't really know what I'm doing, to be completely honest. My girlfriend lives here. And I was just
like, all right, I got, I don't know, I might go back to Winnipeg. Maybe I'll go hang out in
Brooklyn for a bit. So you mentioned school, what do you plan on doing with your degree?
And what are you going to get into afterward? Yeah, so right now that the plan, I'm getting
a degree in psychology, and then would hopefully want to do a master's in counseling.
But truly so much can come up between now and then
and where my interests necessarily end up.
But as of right now, that's the plan and that's what I want to pursue.
And I don't know, it'd be fun to get involved in the game,
maybe in that capacity.
We'll see.
I want to do college hockey but at the
same time i can't i don't know i don't want to be driving to saskatoon trying to recruit some
15 year old i've always thought being an assistant coach in college is a grind you're going to
tournaments and it's the recruitment is a tough process a little easier when you're at a power
school like bu i guess to get the big dogs to come in. But Willie, we want to thank you so much.
And sincerely, I'm very happy for you where it seems like you're at right now.
I can't imagine how difficult some of those years were.
And coming from somebody, I'm not at all trying to make it about myself,
but I do know where you're coming from.
I had games where I was so worried about being injured
and things you really shouldn't have on your mind playing at a high level.
So for you to have the career you did going through what you were,
it was true warrior type stuff.
I'm very happy for you.
Yeah, thanks.
I appreciate that.
Hopefully we catch up again soon and things continue to move forward
pretty well for you.
So thanks a lot for joining us and we'll talk to you later.
Awesome.
Thanks for having me.
Big thanks to Colin for the honest conversation and best of luck in retirement to
him. It's nice to have a guy come on and, you know,
talk openly about some issues that aren't necessarily easy to talk about.
We also had some laughs with it too. So again, Colin,
good luck in retirement. We're pulling fire, buddy.
It also, I mean, it also wasn't aligned.
It just so happens that bell let's talk was just the other day.
So that's another cool
like a cool thing i don't know how it all started i i want to say michael landsberg in canada was a
big voice for mental health and you know anyone talking about their feelings publicly or you know
with friends or whoever you need to if you're having issues it's guys we all go through things
the last year has been very difficult it's reach out to anyone
if you're if you're you know having some dark thoughts or what it may be there's so many
different strains of it now too like there's there you know there's reasons why people are in these
dark places that they are so as i said reach out to somebody have the conversation and and great
work to all the people who who ended up making it to a day that's devoted to letting people know you're not alone.
Let's let's, let's try to all figure this thing out together,
especially given the last fucking year, man.
Well said Biz.
Atta boy.
Was that the smartest thing I've ever said on this podcast?
No, you've had some smart ones.
That was very caring Biz. That was very caring.
Everyone's fighting something.
So I think that it's good that the way Colin Wilson talked to us
about what he's been through and what he's had to do to feel better
and feel healthier, that's a great time for Bella Let's Talk
to be going viral the other day or the day that they decide each year.
Yeah.
Thanks, Colin.
Absolutely.
All right, gang. Well, Valentine's Day is coming, and it's the perfect time to upgrade each year. Yeah. Thanks, Colin. Absolutely. All right, gang.
Well, Valentine's Day is coming,
and it's the perfect time to upgrade your drawers, guys.
And Saks understands the unique needs of men's underwear,
which the universal male experience,
especially when you get a little older,
the awful feeling of your ball sticking to your leg.
Well, Saks Underwear has the solution.
Their patented ballpark pouch is the single greatest contribution to underwear,
maybe even mankind.
It's basically a built-in hammock that keeps everything in place down south.
No sticking or chafing or irritation.
First time I ever put these bad boys on, everything was nice and snug for me.
And when you put them on, you've got nothing to lose,
as Saks offers a 30-day comfort guarantee.
If you try them and you don't like them, you return them, no strings attached.
And again, with Valentine's Day approaching, tell you don't like them, you return them. No strings attached. And again, with
Valentine's Day approaching, tell you want sacks.
Order them for yourself. You don't want to be
in some tighty-whities and you're trying to get your romance
game on. Check out the sacks.
They take care of it and they keep your sack in a good
position as well.
I don't know. Does that name tie in? I just realized that.
Sacks? Sack? It's a Roman
hammock.
They could collab with a little pouch
a little double on the homebrew uh well either way use the code chicklets for 10 off your first
order plus free shipping so go to saxx.com that's sax with two x's and remember for 10 off and free
shipping with the code chicklets go to saxxx.com definitely want to keep the keep those
eggs in their in their proper package man gravity does a bitch when you're 50 they have this uh
nighttime wear like jogging outfit but it's it's a little bit thinner i don't think you should wear
it in public although i have and you know you could basically see your balls jangling so i
wouldn't recommend it it is the softest most comfortable stuff
stuff that you could fall asleep with on and it's not going to restrict you they have other
awesome stuff other than just the underwear so check them out they got some cool shit
yeah it is definitely like men lingerie mangerie i'm gonna get the fucking the man i'm gonna get
the bull rat man's ear walk in that haven't you walk in uh
like the candles katie's like uh what the fuck
is that what is that uh all right well hey we want to send congrats to uh detroit red
wings goaltender jimmy howard he retired after 14 seasons all all at the wings, 543 games played. He had 246 wins, a nine, one, two save percentage, two, six,
two goals against, which is pretty respectable in the area he played.
Jimmy was a great goaltender, man.
I think he had maybe a little bit of top flock ended up in Detroit when he did
with, I know you have boys with him. I know you wanted to chime in here.
Congrats to Howie. I texted him. He's going to come on at some point.
We're going to have a great conversation. He's a great guy.
Funny bastard.
What a player, too.
I remember he went to Maine and just dominated hockey.
You could tell right away he was going to be a legit NHL number one
and had a great run, made a bunch of money.
And I think that all his teammates love playing with him.
We'll enjoy chatting with him when we get the chance.
But congrats, Howie.
What's his humor?
Is he the movie quote guy or is he uh what dry is he like how he chirps himself how he chirps himself
he gets he gets uh his voice gets a little like uh higher when he gets into it maybe he's chirping
back at me he's good guy funny guy here we go sandbagger no he's not a sandbagger he said he i texted him he's like yeah i gotta
get better than a nine handicap or whatever yeah let me let me pull up this oh what a show off
all right not even a double digit complaining about shit um all right let's back to back i'm
looking forward to getting handicapped down from a nine there we go here we go
hey what's funny biz i didn't even mention it last
time when we talked about i love you man which is where that uh clip comes from the very first
non-hockey interview i ever did was on a junket for that movie i interviewed paul rudd and jason
seagull when they were uh doing press for that movie i want to say we've mentioned it one time
before but but but what was it?
You said it was an unbelievable experience. You said he was, he would,
they were great, right?
It was, yeah, it was really cool. Like this was probably, well,
we'll talk about 10, 12 years ago. This was before.
Six other reporters or something.
Yeah. And basically like I had reached out to Dave and I was, you know,
I was trying to become like the movie guy, a chick. Let's, I mean,
a chick at Boston and you know, Dave had no fucking desire,
but he did give me permission to go out and like get screeners and all this shit and um i went to that and i got up
an email like hey there's a an interview if you want to come over and talk to paul red and jason
siegel what was the one question you asked well in the if you've seen i love you man which it
sounds like you have there was a talk about the stones versus the beatles in the movie so i asked
them among a few other questions who would you prefer the stones or the movie. So I asked them, among a few other questions, who would you prefer, the Stones or the Beatles?
For the record, they both said the Beatles.
I was mildly disappointed.
But yeah, Paul Rudd, I mean, he's just like you see him in person.
Like Jason Segel is nice.
He was probably, you know, a little maybe,
I don't want to say standoffish, but, you know,
maybe not as endearing, I guess, as Paul Rudd.
Didn't trust you.
I asked the question, Paul Rudd's like,
this guy's not from Boston.
I'm like, he totally fucking goofed on my accent, which it was nice.
I mean, it was like not everybody gets to get goofed on by Paul Rudd.
Fucking you and Paul Rudd were playing Tommy Sticks.
Dude, I love Paul Rudd, dude.
He's fantastic at what he does.
And, yeah, it was a cool moment, and I made sure I didn't ask for a picture.
I don't want to violate my journalism.
How bad did you want to ask for a picture?
Not too bad.
I mean, if I wanted to, I probably would have just done it.
But it was cool enough.
Let's hear it.
It has nothing to do with RA.
Speaking of asking for a picture, it immediately went into my head.
Speaking of asking for anything, did you see what this kid in Russia did?
He got kicked off his team, Dynamo Riga,
because he snuck into Kowalczak's locker room and stole his stick.
Even I wouldn't do that.
Dude, it's like asking for the stick, dude.
Like, what are you doing?
The guy's gone.
Boom, off the team for stealing Ilya's twig.
He's probably dead right now.
Canadian kid, too.
It's not like he was Russian.
He's a Canadian.
Oh, no, he's a canadian oh no it was a
canadian oh he's probably actually dead and they're gonna send a message back to the spit and
podcast with the bot with the i read something that his team had like covered it up or something
it was a weird story let's do khl files let's get the lawsuit we have to have more we can just
chirp him and i'm sure he'll like he's got to take it at this point oh for sure the worst part about is if you would have just asked and he probably could have got one
signed that's what i was thinking it's like i know that's what i was like shocked about
yeah it's definitely a weird thing but then again it is the khl so we probably shouldn't question
it uh biz i thought that was you on our Chicklets feed the other day.
It was a huge tattoo on a guy's arm, but no, it turned out a Tampa Bay Lightning fan
got a sleeve tattoo of the Cup winning Lightning on his arm.
Say what you will about his tattoo.
It was some pretty quality work.
It was quality work.
I mean, he had every guy on the team on his arm.
You know, it's kind of just like funny.
You get to look at it like a hockey team. Oh, yeah, not like i think he's not like a president or he's crazy oh yeah one one guy's
reply though tweet i sent he's like oh man what if the roster changes i'm like bud you're gonna
try chirping the guy that they won the cup that's the roster dude you thought it was like their
their seventh their lineup but from the seventh game this year
that the guy got done.
Saturday night, we had an interesting
Andrew Chuck's in it.
Wood.
Brad Richards is at the bottom.
Yeah.
Torts.
Torts front and center.
Benetanko right in the middle.
Let's see how many more guys you can name
Daryl Sador top left
I was there
Andre Wa
oh my goodness
Karina
have we ever told the Andre Wa story on this podcast
about when
they were playing in Tampa
but he was with the Penguins now
I don't remember which one you're talking about.
He's one of the funniest people of all time.
So Andre Waugh, we got to get him on.
He was a class.
He wasn't necessarily a prankster,
just more like what he could do to get a laugh out of the guys.
He's hilarious.
So he was back in Tampa,
and he obviously was buddies with all the guys who did security and shit.
So he gets done warm-ups because was warming up, but not playing,
but he gets off the ice at like, as soon as you can,
where it's not too noticeable, which is usually around what,
if they're on a fifth, 16 minute warmup,
getting off at like the 12 minute Mark, right?
That'd be early. That'd be a little early. So he gets off,
he fucking gets unchanged quick and he goes to the security spot and puts on a
security outfit. So after Terry, so, so, so Terry,
and so to get to the, to the benches,
the coaches would have to walk past like on the ice. Right.
So that once they'd gone by,
then he pops out and all the guys were ready to go out and he's,
he's sitting there like the security guard, like,
and like giving the guys all the knuckles on the way out. So the eyes, the guys are ready to go out. And he's sitting there like the security guard and giving the guys all the knuckles on the way out.
So as the guys are heading on the ice,
everybody's dying of laughter at the fact that he's pulled this off.
Wait, I don't think he did.
I think he did it in San Jose.
Oh, was it San Jose?
Okay, I heard it was Tampa where he did it.
I'm pretty sure it was San Jose.
Oh, this guy was so funny.
So basically the same thing, just different barn.
They said that he was on the,
after they lost a game six in that cup that they won game seven at home,
they lost in Calgary. No, I'm sorry. They wait,
how did that go? Cause they won in Calgary either way.
He was on a plane. They won. They won game six to force game seven.
Yeah. So maybe on the way to Calgary, on the way home,
I don't know if it was before they won that game
or after they won that game,
he just showed up all of a sudden in the aisle of the plane
with just, like, the apron on,
giving out cookies to the guys.
So he's bare-ass in the aisle,
giving out cookies to the boys.
That is how you win Stanley Cups, folks.
The morale boost that that would have created
would have taken them to Calgary, win, go back home, another one.
And they are the champions.
Thank you.
All thank you to Andre Waugh and his butt cheeks.
Hey, how about Saturday?
We had overtime game winners from Sid Ovi and Conor McDavid,
all number one overall picks.
And our buddy Bucci pointed out it was the first time in NHL history
that three number one overall picks each scored an overtime game
when they go on the same night.
Just a, you know, fluky little stat, but it was enjoyable to see
because, like I said, this is the best era of talent we've ever had
in this league, so it's good shit.
It's a Truman show.
We talked about this last podcast.
It's the Truman show at this point.
It can't be real.
It's all being organized.
Great movie, by the way, too.
Awesome movie.
Play-by-play guy John Forslund, who was recently with Carolina.
He's working for NBC right now.
He signed with Seattle.
He signed with the Kraken.
Congrats to him.
I think he's been one of the best play-by-play guys in the league.
He's fantastic at what he does.
And Carolina, for whatever reason, let him walk.
Well, he's going to be the Seattle Kraken's guy next year.
So good luck to him.
Owner wouldn't pay him what he's worth.
That's what happened probably.
Yeah.
I mean, I know probably was pay related.
I don't know who owns what down in Carolina,
but either way he will be the Seattle Kraken's first TV play-by-play guy.
So congrats to Seattle, man.
You got an absolutely fucking fantastic announcer there.
People were going nuts on social media.
They were so pumped
and guys this is a place where the
league is entering you got
a nice production too it's gonna fucking
it's gonna crush it 10 out of 10 let's roll
it baby 32 teams go yo it's
32 baby
I'm wondering if the Kraken used the smartest
way to hire of course I'm talking about
ZipRecruiter when it comes to hiring
for your business ZipRecruiter can help you find the right candidates for your team fast, from healthcare to
manufacturing to business services and more. And now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. When you post a job on ZipRecruiter, it gets sent out to over
100 top job sites with one click. Then ZipRecruiter's matching
technology scans thousands of resumes and profiles to send you the most qualified people to do your
job competition. It's so effective that four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a
quality candidate through the site within the first day. And right now to try ZipRecruiter for free, our listeners can go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Definitely check them out while you're hiring needs.
Patrick Reed might be looking for a new job
if he keeps getting caught cheating on tour.
Oh, he'll never have to get a new job.
Segway.
He'll never have to get a new job.
Because he's just like...
No, exactly.
That's the thing.
He's so nasty.
Oh, he's really nasty?
He's top 10?
Yes, yes.
He's a top 10 player in the world.
He's won the Masters.
He won this week.
Even if he had gotten a two-stroke penalty or
I mean, I guess some people say they want him disqualified.
I don't know the exact what should have happened to him,
but he's a scumbag, and he's so sick.
He still won by five or whatever it was.
But for people who didn't see the story,
Patrick Reed has had incidents for, I don't know,
close to 10 years now, if not not longer he had incidents in college where
he's caught cheating apparently he then gets on the tour and you've seen he's like moving the sand
last year at tigers tournament he's never ever like admitting to anything he's defiant against
like any sort of media he he definitely enjoys being hated everyone hates him and by the way
at the end of all this is his like burner account was made public.
It's like this guy, I think he's a sociopath.
Because what happened this weekend is, first, I'll let you know if you don't play golf.
If you hit the ball and it comes in high and the ground's a little wet or soft or whatever it is,
if the ball plugs into the and breaks the ground, right?
And then part of
the ball's underground, you get free relief. You can pick it up and drop it. Now, most people who
play golf, they understand with this rule, if you see your ball and you think that it is embedded,
you say to your playing partner, Hey, do you agree this is embedded? Now, apparently the rule
on the PGA tour is you don't have to do that.
You don't need a rules official.
You can do it on your own.
That is not what happens usually.
In the spirit of the rules, it is you do not touch your ball
until it is like agreed upon or told, and this is not on the green.
Anywhere not on the green.
You don't touch your golf ball.
You don't move it around.
You don't pick it up when
nobody's around so he picked he goes up and and and now he hit it out of a fairway bunker so he's
trying to hit to the green he pulls the ball he has no idea that it's hit the cart path that's
that's that's definitely true he gets up there and there's people who are volunteers who sometimes
are like old people it's like they don't know that's not their job and then there's people who are volunteers who sometimes are like old people. It's like, they don't know. That's not their job.
And then there's no fans.
So he got up there and he's like, did my ball bounce?
He asked that question because if a ball bounces on cement and once or twice, it is not going
to plug.
It is not going to be embedded in the ground.
It's impossible.
Once it hits the ground on a cart path to then plug.
It's like for that to happen, it's going to be coming in very high.
Right.
So when did you, did you see the replay?
You saw the replay of it, right?
So you were kind of just building it up to, even if it hits the cart path and bounces higher in the air.
Even if it, no, if it hit the cart path, it could not be embedded.
It's impossible.
Correct.
It's impossible.
So he is not breaking the rules by, by going over and moving it before anyone gets
over technically he's not i don't know how but normally nobody would do that but okay he's not
breaking the rule doing that what he's the rule he's breaking is there's no chance his ball was
embedded there's zero chance and what he did is he saw a horrible lie and he's like oh and so the
rules so he calls a rule official over which he didn't even need to do which is odd but he's probably like oh you know i gotta make he knows
that he's under the gun already people can't stand him because he's actually been caught doing this
shit for so long so he brings the rules official over and he's like oh yeah my ball was embedded i
just want i want you to give me the okay that the ground was broken the guy's like oh where's the
ball he's like oh i picked it up and moved it he's like what i yeah then he put him in a bad spot by saying it's
right there so what is the guy gonna do call him a liar on the spot yeah and he's like well he puts
his finger in which by the way reed could have easily pushed it in a little bit before he picked
it up he had his he knew where the camera was as he was like picking the ball up he was doing
something fishy let me tell you if you're playing golf and you ever look over and you see somebody like down near the ball like uh what are you doing dude like there's times
when you're wiping stuff away but if you're in the rough and you see somebody's hands down at the
ball it's like who knows what he could have done but i'm telling you your ball doesn't become
plugged after landing on a path whether it's a car path or a hard dirt path and bouncing. So it's just never
ending. And then like after he's got tweets, so Rory McIlroy did the same thing. Now here's the
difference guys. Rory McIlroy has absolutely zero past issues or examples of him even remotely close
to breaking the rules. Not only that Rory McIlroy has a time where he got a drop and he was
able to then realize once he took the free drop, he's like, because sometimes when you're taking
a drop, you have to recreate the lie. You have to recreate what you were dealing with as close
to you can. And once again, the spirit of the rules, Rory McIlroy one time did that. And he's
like, this lies way better than the one I had. I got to be honest. You think Patrick Reed's ever done that?
He'd be like, oh, yeah, what a lie, baby.
Give me my five iron.
He's just a scumbag.
And then, yes, there's a Twitter feed.
Let me look it up quick, guys.
Oh, this is great.
I love talking this shit.
There's a Twitter feed that is called Golf Facts,
and it's at use golf facts and long a long time now it's been believed that it's either him or his wife who used to caddy for him or someone in his team
and it sent a tweet a tweet flipping out about rory mcelroy doing it all capital letters and
then patrick reed from his account had the exact same tweet word for
word capital.
So it's like,
he's just a weird dude that is one of the sickest golfers in the world.
But how do you sleep at night?
And you wonder why a guy with all this success is like,
has 14 different brands on his body.
He's like picking out his own shirts at PGA.
Hublot watches. But he's got hublot
watches but he's got like all these different because he because nobody wants him he was at
nike they probably didn't want him it's like just it's on every five to six months you're you're
hearing about patrick reed and something with the rules it's like dude that's what the game's about
he'll have a pink whitney sponsored shirt in six months i would i
would i would rather us no no chance okay sponsor that guy all right fair enough so it's just you
know it's unfortunate i think he exemplifies like how easy it is to cheat and golf like i mean there's
so much of it is relying on people's honesty and this guy can't even do it on fucking tv
and it goes back to the tr Show. Every instance needs its villain.
And this guy, he is 100 state of the enemy number one.
Yes.
Or enemy of the state.
So, Biz, I'll say this too.
To get into PGA Tour events is obviously very hard.
If you're a member of the PGA Tour, you get in.
Well, you can also get into events, maybe two to three spots per tournament at a Monday qualifier. So every single week, the tournament starts Thursday.
There's a tournament on Monday, not at the course, the tournament's going to be played at,
but of course, locally. And I don't know, a hundred guys go out. And if you get the top two
or maybe one or sometimes three spots, you get into the tour event Patrick Reed got into six tour events
through Monday qualifying now you are sometimes carrying your own bag there is nobody out there
it is like you're grinding to try to get into maybe what could be a life-changing event
and somebody brought up who knows how many fucking times Patrick Reed pulled stuff off with nobody out there to just save a shot or two.
And he got in six tour events and he got status on the PGA tour from getting in those events.
So he never won amateur. So he never won in college or got it.
I think he won a national title. He was at he he was like kicked out of his first college or he left.
But he was a he was a sick amateur but he still didn't have status and he got status by getting through enough monday qualifiers to then earn points
playing in those tour events and it's like who knows what this guy did then well and then and
then they also said after this one this is the first time he's won on tour by more than one shot
i think all all or at least yes so six six six of seven or eight of nine of his wins
have came by one shot or less.
He's filthy.
Yeah, I think he's won two or three of them in a playoff as well.
So, like I said, it makes you think.
Obviously, the golf world was popping off and me just poking my head,
and I'm like, okay, what did this guy do again?
And if it's every six months it's happening,
it's just there's too much correlation.
Yeah, well, there's smoke this way.
And I'm sorry, quickly, R.A., before I wrap up.
The only difference is you can't put him up on waivers.
Peter Costas, like longtime PGA Tour swing coach, and he he worked for cbs for years years he'd be one of
the guys out on the course he did an interview with the podcast no laying up i don't remember
if it was it was in the within the last year and he's like i have personally seen patrick reed
improve his lies in the rough numerous times in my career as a broadcaster out on the holes with
him he said he went up to one of the balls once he had in the rough and he's like,
Oh my, it was a par five. And he's like, Oh, he's got nothing.
He's going to have to hack it out with a pitching wedge.
And all of a sudden reads up there,
tapping the grass down and move around all he grabs a three wood and rips the
ball 290 yards up near the green cost. It's like, no, no, no.
The lie I saw, you could not have done that.
That's enough said.
So he's not invited to a sandbagger.
No, you're a scumbag.
Bastu Banks, he's been the Ravens blogger for years.
Well, he's been killing it with golf blogs lately.
I don't know if you've been catching him,
but he's been kind of putting a little gambling angle on him.
This kid, he's been like a hidden gem with the golf blogs.
I read him because I'm a gambler, but kid uh definitely knows his shit so definitely check it out wit
is is is golf in the healthiest place it's ever been uh yes in terms of um like the athletes and
how good the players are at such a young age but no it's not in terms of broadcasts i think golf
could be so much more entertaining to watch personally.
And I know at times there's many people who can give great arguments that it's boring
and it's going to be tough to make golf exciting on telecast.
But man, the tour, it covers up everything for these guys.
It kind of goes into the old thing of like, if you get in trouble on the PGA tour, like
nobody ever finds out what you did. They make nothing public public all they do is protect the image of the tour well
you're not just protecting the image of like the nhl say by protecting the image of the tour you're
protecting every single player they are the tour right it's them they're like the owners of the
tour so they never you never hear of like what's actually going on and in issues like this the tour is covering it up the tour one of the rules official came out and said
patrick reed handled that situation as well as he possibly could that is just blatantly false i'll
say when he did speak afterward i'm like oh damn he he was good but you saw him before he had to
speak on the phone probably dialing exactly what he had to say.
So it was even the broadcasters were like,
they were showing us a good job bringing it up.
They were talking about it a lot.
I like Nick Faldo.
He said it perfectly.
He kind of said it all without having to go there.
So sorry for,
sorry for the long golf talk.
No,
I am so intrigued by this golf world.
Now we always go along on the guys.
So the guys internally,
do they all hate this guy's guts?
I think a lot of them really can't stand him.
Like there was quotes.
There was,
I think Xander Shoffley had a quote.
Like guys are like,
yeah,
I mean,
it's,
it's ridiculous.
You know,
it's like,
what do you,
what do you say?
What do you say?
What do you keep saying?
That has to be the most.
Kick him off the tour,
Doug.
Hey,
think of how many people are,
are uncomfortable when they get paired with them. Cause they probably like, they don't want to be playing tummy sticks. Kick him off the tour, Doug. Hey, think of how many people are uncomfortable when they get paired with him.
Because they probably don't want to be playing tummy sticks with a guy who's doing that shit.
Probably cheating.
Oh, another TV note.
The NHL Network, they're going to start producing and broadcasting their own live games on weekends.
Instead of using the regional sports network feeds, NHL Network is going to have its own imprint.
So they're going to have a 16-game slate starting on February 6th.
Steven Nelson's going to do the play-by-play,
and they're going to have a rotating analysis team from Mike Rupp,
Brian Lawton, Dave Reed, and Kevin Weeks.
So it's interesting.
I think that's better for the station, too,
instead of just having them basically recite what they're watching.
I think it's better for them to have their own game with their own announcers.
And, you know, NHL Network should probably get on the same level
as maybe the NBA Network and NFL Network and have that same status.
It's there.
They should be at that same level.
Also, congratulations.
I'm sorry.
Happy birthday, rather.
Wayne Gretzky, 60 years old.
I could make his party this year.
Unfortunately, I made his 59th, but not his 60th.
I know, Biz, you saw there was a clip.
Well, I was out to dinner with Trevor Gretzky the other night,
and he goes, did you see that golf broadcast where it was on?
I don't know.
Do you know what golf course is where Wano lives?
I think Sherwood.
Oh, is it Sherwood?
Okay, so they're playing there, and these guys are on the hole
ready to hit their approach shots, and you could just hear Celine Dion blaring.
Well, Trevor had put it on and the outdoor speakers were on,
so you hear Celine Dion just, you know, full blast basically.
And it was on during the broadcast and they ended up mentioning it
and Trevor was like, man, that was our place.
So I thought it was a pretty funny story.
Oh, you.
Did I take that story away or did you have it teamed up more?
Oh, sorry.
It's an alley-oop, man.
If you get it, you get it.
No.
It's hilarious that he's playing fucking Celine Dion from Titanic.
I know it's an all-time film, but that song is just kind of a funny song
to be playing at a fucking golf course either way.
But they're good boys, those Gretzky boys, Ty and Trevor.
They're good boys.
You're like best friends with them after the All-Star game.
Yeah.
No, we miss each other.
We're supposed to get together at one of these road trips we do.
Hopefully, Vegas will meet up and go out to dinner or something.
Actually, we got some tough news to pass along from a local Massachusetts.
AJ Cueta, he's from Bishop Fee in high school.
He suffered a spinal injury after a head first crash into the boards.
He may be paralyzed.
They're still going to try to figure that out.
His GoFundMe has raised 600,000.
We're going to retweet his GoFundMe from the Chicklets account.
The Bruins have pledged 100,000.
They gave him a nameplate in the locker room,
and they awarded him the puck as player of the game
after Thursday's game versus Pittsburgh.
Again, us guys here, obviously we have a lot of young listeners in Massachusetts and New England.
And AJ, if you're listening, we just wish you the best, buddy.
We hope you get well and can get back on the ice soon.
And our hearts and our prayers and thoughts are surely with you at this time,
my friend.
So hopefully he has the better days ahead.
We're going to make a donation to his chicklets.
And I just feel so horrible for, uh, for this kid.
So I think that, um,
getting it out there and helping his family as much as they can is great news.
And I talked to Brian Yandel, the ringstrings,
him and Mike model are going to try to get something going. And I think that,
uh, as long as he knows everyone's behind him, right. I, I,
I think that's so important because, you know,
hearing what Travis Roy went through at the beginning of that,
it's going to be a tough time for him.
It makes me so sad.
Absolutely.
We'll make sure we get some gear out to him too as well.
And I had one other note on a personal level.
I grew up going to the Boys and Girls Club of Boston,
specifically at Charlestown my whole life.
It's a place that kept me out of trouble most likely.
I'm playing in a poker tournament this Friday night, February 5th.
Again, it's a place that means a lot to me. If you're bored, I know we've got Ruff and Rowdy going on for Barstool. Kept me out of trouble, most likely. I'm playing in a poker tournament this Friday night, February 5th.
Again, it's a place that means a lot to me.
If you're bored, I know we've got Ruff and Rowdy going on for Barstool.
You can do this beforehand or even both at the same time.
It's 100 to enter.
You can win some money.
It's not just charity.
You can enter, win some money, and help a great cause.
You can go to bcgb.org.
Just click on the blog, and you'll see a spot to play in the Hold'em Tournament.
It's 100 to get in.
They give 1,000 to the winner, 500 a second, 300 a third,
and then 400 through 900, get 100.
And there's also a 100 bounty on my head for whoever knocks me out of the tournament. Whoever gets to knock you out.
Oh, what night is this?
What night is this?
I'm going to fly across country.
It's on the internet.
No, it's on the internet.
It's on the internet, bud. So you can the internet. It's on the internet, bud.
So you can stay right there.
Oh.
Yeah, Friday night.
Again, it's bcgb.org, Boys and Girls Club of Boston.
It's, again, an organization that means a ton to me,
near and dear to my heart.
I'm playing on the tournament, and there's a bounty on me.
So if you knock me out, you win 100 no matter what,
whether you won the tournament or not.
What night again?
I don't know if you guys heard,
but they're not playing the game on lake tahoe they're not doing it on
the lake no they're not doing it it's friday night friday night wet what's awesome it starts
at seven o'clock and again it's a hundred dollars it's not a donation it's a hundred dollars sign
up fee and you could you can win a thousand dollars you can win 1100 if you won the tournament
and knock me out as well and like i said it, it's a, I might join this now.
Are you going to join with.
Yeah.
It's seven.
I don't know.
It's a tough time,
but if I'm home,
it's a tough time,
but if I'm home,
I'm in.
Yeah.
I'm a trash poker player too.
It's like I said,
a good cause.
And if you,
if you knock me out,
it'll be fun.
It should be a good time.
BCGB.org.
Like I said,
rough and rowdy.
Our friends at Boston sports are doing the same night. Billy football.org. Like I said, Rough and Rowdy, our friends at Barstool Sports,
are doing the same night.
Billy Football is fighting Jose Canseco.
If you've never seen one of these Rough and Rowdies, man,
they're absolutely hilarious.
It's like an unhinged club where people are just beating the shit out of each other,
and all our buddies are commentating along.
So I think it's 20 this year.
So after the poker tournament, sign up for Rough and Rowdy.
And also, we got some new merch.
Like we said, Battle of Alberta t-shirts.
We're selling them for both Calgary and Edmonton.
Check them out at BostonSports.com.
Whit has the South Shore Kings t-shirt on as well.
Any other final notes, boys, before we wrap it up for this episode?
No.
Let me check here.
Hope you guys enjoyed.
Yeah, I think it was another doozy.
I had fun.
You guys had fun.
Oh, no, I got nothing. It was great catching up with you guys. Hope you guys enjoyed. Yeah, I think it was another doozy. I had fun. You guys had fun. Oh, no, I got nothing.
It was great catching up with you guys.
I really enjoyed it.
As always.
All right, everybody.
Have a fantastic weekend.
We'll see you next Monday. As always, we'd like to thank our fantastic sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets.
Huge thanks to our longtime friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Great stuff we got going on.
Big thanks to our friends at Piedmont Live. If you haven't checked out their great material, but we're in pink Whitney. Great stuff. We got going on. Big thanks to our friends at Peter Malar.
If you haven't checked out their great material,
by all means do so big.
Thanks to our new friends at blue Nile.
If you're looking for that engagement ring or that perfect piece of jewelry,
by all means,
check them out.
Huge.
Thanks to our friends at earnest.
Got to get rid of those student loans.
Check Ernest out.
Maybe they can hook you up.
Hopefully they will.
Big.
Thanks to our friends at Saks.
If you need some new underwear and you're a fella, by all means, check them out.
They take care of all the jewels.
And huge thanks to our friends at ZipRecruiter.
If you're looking to hire, by all means, check them out.
Have a great week, everybody.
