Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 319 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, everybody?
We had another week in the NHL with some COVID disruptions.
We'll be getting to that a little later.
We had a referee malfunction, or I should say a replay malfunction.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
But the big news was in Tampa.
Tom Brady won another Super Bowl.
Let's go around the horn, checking with the boys first.
Mikey Grinelli, looks like you got a patched jersey on there.
Yeah, I got my Tom Brady salute to service jersey on.
And, boys, he did it again.
I'll just leave it at that. He did it fucking again.
I wish I could have gotten preseason odds of where will Ryan Whitney be watching this year's Super Bowl.
I don't think Detroit would have even been an option.
But if it was, it would have been a huge payout.
The Wittog will go to you second.
You were in Detroit for the Barstool Sports.
Well, they launched a new app in Michigan not too long ago.
And you were part of a little betting strategy campaign yesterday.
Yeah, unfortunately, a little bit of a malfunction.
Around 5.15, we were sitting in the room with Portnoy and he was going over the rules of
the competition and all of a sudden you couldn't get a bet in on the app.
Now, apparently every year around Super Bowl time, the competitors as well, they go down.
The amount of betting and how many people are looking to get action in that day, it's
like they can't handle it.
It's similar to I think TVG's down when,
or whatever's down when the Kentucky Derby happens.
So I felt bad, right?
I felt bad.
Like, Portnoy was flipping out.
And it's like, you know, because it looks,
we had all these guys there for this competition.
It was myself, Dave's boy, Elio.
Shout out Tony's Place in West Roxbury.
We had White Sox Dave and Eddie from Barstool Chicago as a one-man team.
Frank the Tank speaks for himself.
And then Rico Bosco, absolute animal.
He was the fifth guy.
So it was a competition where if you hadn't seen, you know, you had 10,000.
You were going to live bet it any which way you want right when the game started.
And whoever had the most money at the end won 50,000 and whatever else money was left over from the other people.
So we couldn't bet the whole first half.
It sucked because at 515, Dave said, he's like, I don't think this is going to get fixed.
And he was flipping out, losing his mind, but he was doing a pretty good job at staying calm.
Now, what happened was the whole first half, we were just watching the game,
kind of complaining that we can't get any bets in.
But then the second half, it was fixed.
So we reset it.
Everyone had the 10 grand.
You had to gamble at least seven, you know, so you couldn't just sit on it and hope everyone lost everything
and everyone went crazy it was like if you'd been in prison forever and it was like your first night
out it was just like ah and Elio hit a bet he hit he hit a bet uh pats to first explain this bet to
me like I don't remember exactly what the score was I want to say it was like 24 26 to six what whatever it was he had a bet even money first to 31 points and obviously he put six grand
on Tampa and they got it quick and like so all of a sudden he he's up to 16 grand and everyone
kind of started panicking like oh my god he's got such a big lead we got to catch up I had a bunch
of bets going that ended up not hitting.
My big one was the Tampa getting to 35,
which they didn't end up getting to, right?
They didn't score again after they got to 31.
And I didn't take it down.
I got hot on the blackjack table after that.
It's another story besides the point.
It all comes out in the wash.
Rico Bosco took it down.
Rico was over there.
He was quiet.
And in the first half, it was unbelievable.
Rico, as it's broken, he kept checking. And he was able to get a couple bets in. He kept it down. Rico was over there. He was quiet. And in the first half, it was unbelievable. Rico, as it's broken, he kept checking.
And he was able to get a couple bets in.
He kept it quiet.
He kind of looked at me at one point.
He's like, I got four bets in.
So everyone all of a sudden is immediately flipping out.
Like, hold on.
This doesn't count.
People can't get bets in.
So it was a little bit of a gong show.
But I still had a blast.
You know, talking to Frank the Tank, what an interesting character.
For people who don't know, he was found and hired by Barstool when he flipped out on the new jersey transit public system because
he couldn't get to the mets home opener he went absolutely viral and barstool hired him that's
kind of how things go an encyclopedia of knowledge just a great guy was shooting the shit with them
this dude's a dolphins brooklyn nets new jersey devil and new york mets fan explain that to me
what a bunch of shitty teams besides the dev, he's really happy about their three titles.
Eddie's one of my boys.
I love that guy.
White Sox Dave is a complete idiot.
He really grew on me, though.
I kind of hated his guts.
Now I love him, but he is so dumb.
What else?
Let's say hi to Biz.
Biz has been waiting patiently.
No, I like this.
So live betting is very difficult, especially when it's in competition form.
Like if you had to put like one in a quarter or a couple in a quarter.
Now, would you have bet the coin toss?
Because I know everybody normally goes tails, but it was heads this year.
I would have bet it, and I usually take tails, but we couldn't do that as part of the competition, so I didn't do that.
The hard thing about live betting is that the odds change so quick.
So it's like, no joke, in the matter of a split second, the odd you got is gone.
It's off the book.
So you're trying to get a bet in.
You can't.
You've got to restart.
It was hectic.
It was hectic to stay with.
I fell asleep.
I didn't even get to see the celebration.
I got so bored from that game.
Awful game. I was a little let down with that pass interference call
that negated the interception.
How do you say the last guy's name who used to play for Bruce Arians?
Is it Matthew?
Matthew, yeah.
Matthew was all up in the news.
Yeah, he was all up in Brady's grill,
probably the last thing you want to do to the GOAT.
And then he put him in a blender by sending Antonio Brown at him. Did he tell him, he's like, I'm coming after you, and then he and then he put him in a blender by sending uh antonio brown at him
didn't he didn't he tell him he's like i'm coming after you and then he did it
yes yeah yeah waving his finger in his face yeah i mean you don't that's that's one fucking thing
you don't poke is tom brady i mean the guy's already gonna beat you anyways why why fucking
further antagonize him and i had missed throughout the when the regular season matchup apparently
tyreek hill had done like two because it was two because he scored two touchdowns or something.
He had three.
He had three touchdowns.
They repaid him back.
They were right in his face last night with the two.
Tyreek Hill was kind of invisible.
I mean, for such a game breaker, you didn't even notice him.
But my takeaway from the game and what I said moving in was like,
I was taking the Bucs no matter what because I didn't want Brady.
I wasn't going to lose money with Brady winning.
I just wasn't going to let it happen.
But I was like, their defense is sick yeah i mean
that pass rush they got jpp with seven and a half fingers flying around knocking down balls
and that kid uh is it white who's the stud on d i can't think of his name right now i don't know
but tampa was just patrick mahomes is like i've never really really seen him look like that. And I guess it wasn't his fault.
I said he got exposed, which people argued against because he had no protection.
I felt that it was funny every time they snapped it.
He'd legit run back to half.
I know, I know.
20, 30 yards.
I've seen Russell Wilson have to play games like that too.
So it was, hey, how about the one play though when he was running away
and he was lateral and then he chucks a dart to the end zone that ended up hitting his receiver right in the mask, which happened a couple of times.
If anything, I thought that the receivers for for Casey really let him down.
And Travis Kels was talking after the game or is it Kelsey?
Kelsey.
Yeah, Kelsey.
He was talking afterward.
He said he goes, they kind of just put a cap on our speed.
Like, I guess they backed off off their defenders to a certain degree
where they couldn't gain that speed that they normally do.
Like you just mentioned Tyree Kill, who's like a video game out there
just buzzing around, but he was pretty much invisible.
Yeah, and the overall game, though, it wasn't very exciting.
But like the fact that Brady has more Super Bowls than any other organization,
like what the fuck?
Are you kidding me?
I just signed up for the TB12 diet this morning.
I got all my supplements coming in.
Actually, you know who does the TB12 diets is Conor Garland.
Really?
He's on fire?
Oh, he's been buzzing this year.
He's been the best player on the ice in the St. Louis.
They're playing the St. Louis Blues six times in a row is that what it is because of covid yeah they so they so they had
they had a road trip of six games they were supposed to play two in st louis two in minnesota
and then two in colorado and of course with minnesota getting all jammed up they stayed in
st louis they played two more and i think the next two are going to be against st louis as well so
they have a they went from a four game set against against the Golden Knights to a six-game set against St. Louis.
But they've been playing well.
I don't know how we gotoh, yeah, because Connor Garland.
Oh, and quickly, though, some people enjoyed it.
That halftime show was the biggest piece of trash show I've ever seen.
I couldn't believe it.
And I don't really dislike the weekend.
Like, I'm a starfish. That's a sick
song. So I think that
instant meme. It's not
starfish.
Starboy. You're not a starfish.
I said starfish last night too.
I don't know why I got starfish on my mind.
I think it was Portnoy sent me a starfish
penny like 15 years ago when Barstool
just started. So I've always thought starfish.
So that's a good song, but that was a horrible performance.
I thought it was brutal.
I don't know if I've ever seen something on TV become a meme
in such quick real time like that.
Like within five seconds, people are already like memeing that stuff.
Left and right with him down the tunnel and shit.
I'm almost convinced they do it for that reason now.
I'm convinced that they have certain things that they know is going to go viral.
So they're going to get the amount of endorsement out of it
which I think it was brought to you by Pepsi
but I thought it was okay
I personally love when they do rock bands
when it gets
I think, was he lip-syncing
the whole time?
I don't know, I'm guessing yes
but I actually have no idea
I thought as far as
the overall production of it,
I thought it was impressive how he was able to move around
and they were like the cameras and the angles and all that.
But yeah, I'm not really into his new stuff.
He's a Scarborough guy from Canada.
He's a Canadian?
Yeah, The Weeknd's Canadian.
So I'm not going to trash him as much as you did.
I definitely like his old tunes a lot more than his new tunes.
There was a point in his career where he was kind of this dark RB artist.
And I think that a few albums before the latest one that he just dropped,
I think he was trying some things out.
But then he made the full plunge to pop.
And I think that that's why he's...
More money maybe?
I just think he realized that that's where he had to bring it.
And the last album killed it. He's going to do some crazy two-year world tour here coming up. I think he he realized that that's where he had to bring it and the last album killed
it he's going to do some crazy two-year world tour here coming up i think he just released all the
dates but um and i and i think that his whole um i think it is whole his whole rollout is kind of
the playoff of maybe people comparing him to michael jackson and that's why they've been doing
the whole bandage thing and the in the fate Instagram? R.A. loses it if anyone gets compared to Michael Jackson.
But R.A., I'm not saying that he is Michael Jackson,
but I'm saying is that, I think that all the aesthetics
and all the look of it is playing off the comparison, correct?
If you're going to steal, steal from the best,
the best of pop music, yeah.
Just when you hear that, even anyone's name, I guess,
mentioned in the same breath as a guy like Jackson, you kind of like all right wait a minute you know I'm
I don't know the weekend's music I'm familiar with who he is but I can't sit here and tell you
I'm familiar with his with all of his music but biz I want to ask you do you think and I would
say this probably the last couple years now that the whole idea of the Super Bowl commercial has
lost its luster quite a bit yeah I think well i mean i think that with with what
what line you can bring it to has changed and also i did hear because of everything that had
happened with covid and the money wasn't there that the commercials weren't going to be as good
this year that was kind of like a pre-warning now if we're talking about them what one did you guys
think were the best ones i didn't see any because you're in a sports book like i didn't like i i could see a
couple but i was kind of on my phone i didn't none stood out though there was no point was anyone in
there like oh that was a good commercial really nobody said that at any point all right what about
you you must have noticed a couple you know what i kind of pay less and less attention i think this
is just not a huge as huge a deal especially when they're leaking them a week before so people are
even seeing it before but the wayne and goth one with um cardi b i i was laughing at the commercial and they're
like oh eat local eat local so i'm thinking it's like you know this kind of like sort of local
thing and then it's like uber eats i'm like that's like this is more like fucking cello bullshit like
and they and the big thing is you talk to local companies mom and pop sub shops they're getting
fucked on all these like services that you know you pay for to bring your food instead of using the regular delivery guy.
So I was kind of like, I like the commercial.
Then I saw the end.
I was like, eh.
Then when I saw who it was for, I was just like, I don't know.
I'm a big support your local guy.
So when you're hiring a party.
Cardi B was in it?
Yeah.
I thought she'd be like, eat me, that fucking nut.
She is.
I love following her on instagram and just like
seeing the antics that she's up to i've been oh oh speaking okay so i i mentioned a few pods ago i
love following all this rap not only the beef but the news or whatever uh little uzi vert
got a 24 million dollar pink rare diamond installed into the middle of his forehead
million dollar pink rare diamond installed into the middle of his forehead no like like like surgically surgically and apparently if you were to take it out
himself it could it could lead to some serious problems but he got a 24 million dollar pink
rare diamond installed into the middle of his forehead now i didn't know he was making that much money singing rap tunes this little uzi vert guy but apparently he must have
some dough all right do you know anything about little uzi vert uh other than he got a diamond
put in his forehead last week i didn't know too much about him you gotta help us out with these
young bucks what's happening here i think little uzi vert ra was one of those questions I asked you back in the day when we were doing Ask a Millennial.
I'm pretty sure I asked you about Lil Uzi Vert and you were like, I have no fucking clue.
Oh, speaking of commercials, Lil Baby, who I'm a big fan of.
We talked to the Nate Dog about him.
What was Da Baby?
Is it Da Baby or Lil Baby?
There's two different rappers.
Da Baby's one, Lil Baby's the other.
Who's the one that was in the Super Bowl commercial who's popping off right now?
Lil Baby.
We need a da Lil Baby to fucking round this thing out.
A lot of Lils.
That's their tour name when they combine.
Wait, I want to ask you, as far as Brady going out of Tampa,
do you think it gets a little weird when people compare him to an ex-lover?
Like, oh, this is like watching your ex-girlfriend get married.
It's like, no, it's not.
It's a fucking bad football player going on another team.
Not something you used to have romantic liaisons with.
Like throwing somebody else.
I think you're taking things a little literal.
It's like you're just making a somewhat comparison to try to compare it to something.
But, yeah, I mean, it's certainly like watching like your ex-girl just get like
plowed by some dude no it's it's actually like watching two of your ex-girlfriends get plowed
him and because grog too who had two touchdowns if anything like i'm interested i mean i'm not
in boston i'm sure the sports radio cats are going ridiculously crazy but i think like
belichick takes a hit to me.
Belichick doesn't look as legit to me.
Maybe that's stupid.
Maybe I don't know what I'm talking about.
But, I mean, he's never won a Super Bowl title without Brady.
I think without Tom Brady as his QB, he's like 500 all time.
He will.
He will.
Don't worry.
I mean, it's like that's who's quarterbacking. Oh, you're so sure of that?
I am sure of it.
How are you sure of that?
I think he's the greatest football coach of all time.
Arguably the greatest coach of all time.
If he doesn't have the greatest QB of all time.
I still think he'll do it.
That's just my opinion.
I think he'll do it.
Speaking of Gronk, he scored the first touchdown.
I know we were texting before the game about the live stuff.
You couldn't get in.
I said he was 14-1 on the Barstool Sports app.
I know other places he was as high as 28-1,
if you were lucky to jump on that.
But that was an unbelievable payout, even if he got him.
Because I think it almost looked like KC forgot about him
because he hadn't been a part of the offense, really,
for the last month or so.
And then all of a sudden, fucking two touchdowns for his TD.
Boom, nice little catch.
They were hiding him.
They weren't showing any.
That's why they let them light them up the first time they played this season.
Tyreek Hill went off for like 250 yards and three TDs.
Now, so let me ask you this.
Do you guys think, I mean, I wouldn't be shocked if they end up back in the Super Bowl again next year.
That's what I was just going to say.
So if he wins it next year, okay, and he wins eight of them, you've got to think he's going to fucking retire, no?
I don't think so.
I think he's long said.
Okay, so before when he was in Boston, he's like, I want to play until 45.
I want to play until 45.
And then he was talking about, like, I'll be done when I suck.
When I'm not really good, I'll be done.
So if he keeps winning, and then he mentioned last week
that he could see himself playing post-45 now.
So if he wins again, like, I don't think he he's going anywhere and you can't hit the quarterbacks what if he wins a a championship
at 50 it's it's it's the the rules created for qbs now yeah that's true it's it's it's like
he's gonna have to borrow johnny goudreau's cart yeah they look bad at one point i don't know i
don't know what their record was through 10 games,
but they had to have some crazy odds to win the Super Bowl
halfway through the season because they looked pretty shitty.
New Orleans pounded them twice.
It was like I didn't really see this coming.
They gelled together at the perfect time,
and maybe Brady really was pacing himself.
Does this make him the best athlete of all time?
I think he's undoubtedly the greatest football
player of all time i said greatest athlete in a team qb is probably the most important position
in any sport right i mean other team sport yes i think that goaltending is kind of similar as well
as starting pitching but starting pitching is five guys so maybe goaltending is is a little
bit compared to the quarterback but yes yes, I'm with you.
But my thing on where he's at,
what was I just saying before that?
Sorry, I lost my train of thought.
What was I saying?
What were we just talking about?
Brady winning, continuing to win.
Longevity.
Their odds halfway through the season.
Their odds halfway through the season.
Come on, Ryan.
That they were struggling halfway through the season
and they figured it out.
That Bilicek's going to win another title and Grinnelli was right and you're a moron.
Fuck me, man.
This is so annoying when this happens.
It's just so frustrating to know your business is slowly withering away.
Get on the TB12 diet.
Get on the TB12 diet.
You would have remembered it.
Brady, Brady, Brady, Brady's talking.
He's winning.
I don't remember.
That sucks.
You interrupted me.
It's your fault.
Sorry, buddy.
That's okay.
I'll take the minus.
Biz, you did just mention Johnny Goudreau's name.
We'll get this out of the way first.
We do have him coming on a little bit, Calgary Flamed Johnny Goudreau,
and also recently retired Ryan Callahan.
He came on for a nice long chat.
We'll be getting to those a little bit later.
So we tend to forget to mention those until right before,
so I figured you cued me in there.
We won't spoil it, but Johnny Goudreau's favorite television show
just threw me for a
absolute loop yeah i mean considering he likes it so much that he's wearing the shirt like i feel
like he wears that shirt every night like before bed that's the vibe i got from him we'll get to
that later we'll save that a little later all right gang first now that hockey is back you're
gonna have to find your shot and what better way to do that than with pink whitney from january
1st through march 26 we are giving chiclets fans a chance to win a custom pink whitney shot machine all you
have to do is post a picture of you in your pink whitney and use the hashtags hashtag pink whitney
hashtag take your shot hashtag sweepstakes we will be picking winners from the u.s and canada
every other week so make sure you get creative with your submission make sure you catch our attention, and we'll be giving these things away.
So hopefully you folks will win some shot machines.
I don't know.
If you're putting in for a shot machine, I'm not sure how much you need one, Biz.
You already got one in your house, right?
I do, and there's been some great submissions so far.
So keep sending them in, guys.
And even for some that don't win the shot machine, Grinnelli's going to be on the lookout.
We have so many people that have, like have bought in cases and cases of this stuff.
There was one kid who outlined his body in it and had a bunch of posters
and basically is just a full-on Pink Whitney superfan.
A guy like that, if he doesn't win the competition,
we're going to send some merch out.
So many of you loyal people have been following up for this contest,
so we thank you very much.
And once again, thank you to everyone for the support on the Pink Whitney side.
Well said, Biz.
Well said.
All right, we're going to move along to the hockey right about now.
The first division we're going to talk about this week is the North Division.
And probably the big news out of this, Shea Weber played in his 1,000th game.
Biz is psyched he's not in the Canadiens this week.
Shea Weber, in his 16th season, they did a nice pregame ceremony for him.
They had his family there. His kids had made signs. They put him onth season. They did a nice pregame ceremony for him. They had his family
there. His kids had made signs. They put along the glass, which is a nice little touch. It was a
great article. Eric Engels, who covers the Canadians up in Montreal, had a fantastic article
and all kinds of praise from his teammates. The Athletic had a nice piece, but either way, let's
go to you, Whit, first. He was one of your contemporaries. You played against him. Yeah, I
wouldn't even consider him one of my contemporaries. He would probably puke if he called me one of your contemporaries you played against yeah i wouldn't even consider him one of my contemporaries and he would probably puke if he called me one of his contemporaries but
i think that reading the article eric angles wrote about him i think it was with sports net i know
eric pretty well really good reporter and covers the canadians and he did a good job he talked to
ryan suiter seth jones ben is it charot how you say it uh and roman yosi all guys with the chance
to play with him throughout different points in his career.
And they all said the same thing in terms of how professional he is,
how serious he is when the time comes to do work and be on the ice practice-wise.
And then how goofy and how much fun he can have kind of off the ice.
He's one of those guys that really turns it on when he's at the rink,
which is not surprising at all.
But for me, it's like he was able to play the game i think he's as close to like the
way chara played as any other d-man in the past 15 years where he's so intimidating physically
and he's so dominant with his shot that he really is kind of scares guys before games i don't mean
like they're actually scared to play but when you go into a building and especially for forwards
and you think about
who you're gonna be matched up against that's a guy it's like every night those players are like
he's gonna finish every single hit he is he i know maybe he's his skating's gone down a touch
as he gets a little bit older but in his heyday like his skating was unreal for how big and strong
he was lateral movement he never got beat and he was the guy that if he pivoted and skated with you along the boards and you threw it to the net or you did a drop pass it didn't matter he was lateral movement he never got beat and he was the guy that if he pivoted and skated
with you along the boards and you threw it to the net or you did a drop pass it didn't matter he was
the next three seconds riding you into the boards finishing you as hard as you can and to be that
difficult to play against along with he's got over 100 power play goals which is i think 10th all
time he has over 200 goals the threat of him shooting the weber bomb here it comes i've told the story here comes
the weber bomb yeah in nashville so like all you had to do is and penalty killers oh they talked
to uh angles talked to mark on uh edward vlasic who partnered up i believe in the 2010 and 2014
olympics with shea weber he took one off his head once could have killed him he's talking about how
scary it was i mean you're in front of the net and like he's winding up it's absolutely petrifying sheldon surrey zidane
ochar that's the type of shot he had i mean i think that the last thing i'll say is to see that
guy be a second round draft pick and for the national predators that year to have ryan suiter
in the first round it was like they really did set up their team and they didn't get a stanley
cup but they came pretty freaking close um getting those two guys in the same draft so three draft nations what what a what a uh
amazing career though i think you're looking at a future hall of famer would you guys agree oh yeah
no doubt oh for sure just for the uh for like the international play like that that would put him
over the edge right like i mean he hasn't he hasn't won the stanley cup but just based on his numbers he hit a thousand games i can imagine him playing another three or
four seasons you mentioned him slowing down a little bit wit but he's just he's just i i
completely agree and that's going to happen that's inevitable especially as a guy with a bigger a big
frame just like that but it's it's his work positionally like he's not you know he's not he's not running
around all that well although in the in the article uh suitor did mention he goes yeah like
sometimes we'd be you know be taking an odd man rush down and there'd be a guy coming through the
middle and then all of a sudden fucking webs coming through with his big body just ending
this guy's life but i think considering the game's changed a little bit he's still that physical
presence but he he stays in position.
He is still as reliable as ever.
And you mentioned, I think he's got more power play goals than regular strength goals, right?
Throughout his entire career.
Yeah, it might be like 105, 100, somewhere around then.
But he wasn't a guy who you just sit there and just give one-timers to.
He'd stop it. He'd make the seam passes.
He really could do it all.
And when I look back at  or not even look back.
If I look right now at that team, I would love to talk to Jeff Petrie,
who I got the chance to play with.
Oh, my goodness.
He's a quiet guy, but you can't tell me the steps he's made in career
doesn't have something to do with Shea Weber and learning from him.
Because I swear to God, right now Jeff Petrie I think is the best defenseman
in the NHL throughout the beginning of the season. Hey hey let me put my clown nose on it remember I said
it might have been a slight overpayment I think he's got six tucks already and like you said he's
probably one of the best defensemen in the league right now Petrie when we first saw him I remember
talking to Horkoff in Edmonton because Petrie's a Michigan State guy where Hork played and he's like
oh my god this kid's skating and now he had the inconsistencies of a younger player, but I knew he was going to be really
good.
I didn't know he'd be this good, but I bet you he would no doubt say that Shea Weber's
really helped him.
And it's not just on the ice, it's off the ice things.
It's what we say about the best players.
Every time we talk about Crosby, Shea Weber, McKinnon, these guys who are Hall of Fame
players who have created legacies for themselves, a lot of it is off-ice stuff.
And it's like preparation, and it's things that you take for granted as a fan
where you just see somebody show up and be so consistent,
you don't really understand what goes into it.
And I think a guy like Shea Weber's probably taught so many other defensemen,
including Seth Jones and Roman Yossi, what it takes.
Yeah, you can't learn positioning and all the other details of the game
at the W. Scottsdale, guys, that's for sure.
Yeah, because he has 104 power play goals and 111 at even strength.
So that's pretty  that's almost a one-for-one ratio.
Yeah.
That's pretty high.
That's one of the things that stuck out to me.
But just I like the concept of talking to all the former guys
that he's played with in different situations of his career,
like when he came in.
Did you mention Seth Jones as well?
Yes, yes. Yeah, yes yes yeah I also forgot
sorry go ahead oh no I was just kind of alluding to the point that you made about like all these
other guys that he's been able to like I mean just because of the drafting of Nashville and
being surrounded by other young good stud defensemen where he was able to like help them
out and yeah just like just just how much being around him has helped other guys and my i think
my most memorable moment besides the guy yelling weber bomb for 10 minutes before he scored of
shea weber's career is in the 2010 olympics in van i don't remember if they had russia in the
semifinals or the quarterfinals but they pounded them they put a shit kicking on russia he shot
one through the net so it's like literally blatantly it was just a straight up rocket through
the net and in Engel's article it also talks about uh Seth Jones was skating with him in the summer
and put a picture out that he put one through the boards oh yeah yeah I saw that he missed the net
and he put one through the boards yeah well that's hard I think that was the Nashville uh
practice rink though that place is a bit of a partner put the partner built the boards
and Eric Engel's works for our Rogers Sportsnet so if you're not following him on Twitter and you That place is a bit of a dump. Partner built the boards.
And Eric Engels works for Rogers Sportsnet.
So if you're not following him on Twitter and you like to follow Canadian stuff,
you can't do much better than him.
He's right in depth with the Canadians.
He knows it all.
No doubt about it.
How about the job that Burger Van has done?
Did we talk about that last podcast?
Yeah.
I think we've slowly just tried to ignore the fact that I picked them not to make the playoffs.
Right away, I said that was a huge mistake,
and the Washington one is coming back to make it as well. Although they did, they've got to find someone to stop the puck right now.
They had a tough one the other night against Philly.
I'll let you take it over, R.A.
Yeah, we'll get to that in the division a little bit.
Montreal went 3-1 this week.
They swept Vancouver, then split with Ottawa,
which allowed them to keep pace with the Toronto Maple Leafs,
who are currently leading the division with 19 points after 12 games played.
They beat the schnot out of Vancouver twice this week, outscored them 12-4.
Jason Spezza got his first hat-trick in almost five years, the second oldest Leaf in franchise
history to get a hat-trick.
Austin Matthews tearing it up, 10 goals, 4 assists in 11 games.
We had a nice tilt.
Wayne Simmons and Jordy Ben went at it.
Simmons absolutely drilled Quinn Hughes late in the game, 7-3 game.
I didn't think it was a penalty-worthy hit,
but you got to like Jordy Ben, stuck up for his teammate,
had a nice good scrap late.
Simmons got five goals himself, and G just texted me.
He's actually broke his wrist much off of us from that fight.
He's going to be out for six weeks.
No, you're talking about Simmons? Yeah wait so so it wasn't from the fight no it was somebody i i
don't know which defenseman it was but they tried to clear the puck out and it and it just hit him
right in the wrist and then he went back to the bench and unfortunate man because he was playing
out of his mind i don't know if you guys saw that roof job he did in tight in tight short side his
him not only the physicality that he brings but having
that net front presence that we talked about we were stroking horquist off last podcast
he simmons is man he has done such a job coming in for toronto and to see him go down for six
weeks to the wrist so they got jumbo out now and now him but going back to that fight so
vancouver fans were pissed because it was late in the game and the score was out of hand,
but I'm not looking at it like that from a fan perspective.
I'm saying you're playing against these other Canadian teams so much.
I believe they're playing Vancouver nine times.
You have to invest from the minute.
It's a cage match.
I'm going to make your life hell.
I'm going to make your life hell every time we play you,
and if he's taking clean runs,
and people would argue that it wasn't a clean hit,
I thought it was clean,
is if all of a sudden Quinn Hughes is a little bit banged up,
well, that's probably their fucking best player.
And if you're doing it legally,
and I like the fact that Jordy didn't hesitate.
He got right in there.
Probably not the best start to the fight,
but he did come around.
And I loved when he did get those,
I think it was his left's free. Simmons had the fight, but he did come around. And I loved when he did get those.
I think it was his left free.
Simmons, he put up the blocker.
Like Rick Rippin used to.
Rest in peace.
Remember that?
Yes, he did.
Exactly.
So some great defense there.
And overall, just a very intense match.
So Toronto looks unreal. That move that Matthews did coming over the line,
working that guy's triangle and then going roof job,
they are rolling.
And after I mentioned Vancouver last week,
and I kind of gave them a pat on the back,
they've been getting dummied.
They suck.
They stink.
They suck.
And, like, I don't know what you do because, like,
do you try to make a trade?
Like, getting into Canada is so hard.
Then it's the two-week quarantine.
You see Dubois still hasn't played for Winnipegg although I think he's going to be playing Thursday night or Tuesday
night maybe tonight as you're listening it's going to be difficult like you're not you're
definitely not getting rid of Travis Green after what he did last year but I said that's one of
the things I did have right I thought Vancouver would take a step back excuse me and losing
Markstrom and and I knew that was a step back in goaltending I didn't think they'd be like this
and I know Patterson's probably not on the top of his game,
and JT Miller's been catching a lot of heat.
You never really know what players are going through off ice.
You just never can tell in terms of why a guy's struggling,
why a team is struggling.
But it's shitty times in Vancouver right now.
All they can hope for is they get to play Ottawa more.
No, you only get nine.
You only get nine, Whit. You can't add more to the schedule from
ottawa like can we play ottawa 15 times they're gonna be playing they're gonna be playing each
other not to get relegated at this point but let's let's put it this way vancouver does have a lot of
weapons in the lineup to where things can change very quickly but so far it has and another another
one they got rid of was Tanev and they replaced
them with Schmidt but you know they they have not been able to gel as a group yet um yeah it was a
brutal week for them they lost four straight to Montreal and Toronto they get pummeled they've
given up 60 goals against it's the most in the league that's eight more than the second worst
team they've allowed five or more in nine of 15 games uh they're just a mess right now discombobulated
I don't think it's a coaching issue I don't know if it's just too much personnel that they're trying five or more in nine of 15 games. They're just a mess right now, discombobulated.
I don't think it's a coaching issue.
I don't know if it's just too much personnel that they're trying to incorporate.
But I guess the good news is, Biz, as bad as it's been,
they're tied with Edmonton for the fourth spot in the division.
So if they can sort of get through this hump here however long it lasts and still be within striking distance, then it's not the worst thing.
Obviously, you don't want to go through it, but if you can get through it
and still be in punching distance of the playoffs, then it's going to be worse. Yeah. All right. A couple other's not the worst thing. Obviously, you don't want to go through it, but if you can get through it and still be in punching distance of the playoffs,
then, you know, it's a little worse.
All right, a couple other notes in the division here.
Winnipeg's Connor Hellebuck, he is now the winningest goaltender
in franchise history with 153 wins.
And just to clarify, that's Atlanta Thrash's Winnipeg Jets history.
I know sometimes people like to do all Winnipeg,
fucking six different versions of the team, but no.
This is a franchise record, 153 wins.
And you just mentioned Pierre-Luc Dubois.
He did practice Sunday.
Maurice right now has him penciled in,
centering the third line with Kyle Connor and Trevor Lewis.
And we got some quotes from Andrew Kopp, too.
He was pretty unhappy about the protocols because all the COVID stuff,
we'll get to another division later, but it's been a cluster chuck.
They've had to postpone a bunch of
games and apparently they switched the protocol to players can't arrive until an hour and 45
minutes before the game time and really andrew clopp was saying like that's well what what
difference does it make i mean guys are just getting the building biz how much does that
throw a guy off his whole reprieve can really i'll tell you what well throw it to the healthy
scratch first i would have been okay with that because I would have just been dumping one of my fucking belly button in my room before I headed over the rink.
But guys who  I know most guys who are for sure going to be in the lineup were getting there two and a half hours before.
Guys like to get there early.
They like to get their tick stape.
Their tick stape.
Jesus.
Did my brain just click out there? What happened? I like tick-staped I really do it kind of reminds
me of Stapleton I love that guy tick-staped that's what I'm gonna start I'm gonna say
you gotta tick your state they like to enjoy a nice a nice cold brew and their stall and mix up
their protein shakes or their in-between period shakes and yeah I think I some of these rules
have just left me scratching my head because
you saw the washington and how they got pigeon tossed the four guys and then you see the tampa
bay uh you see the tampa bay lightning guys all celebrating in a room together where they got to
watch super bowl so it's i don't know is it because i know is it because they had a mask on
it's it makes zero sense yeah but you know? Since this whole thing began, you've seen rules, not even in hockey and life, that make  nothing really makes sense anymore.
Yeah.
Right?
Like, oh, you have to close the restaurants at 930 because at 931 the COVID monster comes out.
It's like there's things that do not make sense and there's no explanation.
And it's the same with the NHL right now.
Yeah.
So people are all over the league and how it's like they've had to rearrange like 30 games or whatever it is.
But you knew this was bound to happen with travel all right did they did they give a reason as to why
they want that happening or they just kind of made the rule no well they've changed all the
protocols because they've had so many people enter uh covid protocol and by the way just because
you've been on the protocol list it doesn't mean you have it you just might have been around
somebody around somebody who was around somebody so they're just trying to do some tink, I guess, reduce the amount of time that these guys are around each other.
And that was one of the things they brought up.
But again, like I said before, okay, you're getting there an hour later.
But now you're just drooling and fucking bumping into the same guys you avoided for an hour.
So I don't know.
I guess it's just kind of keeping in the theme with this whole thing for going on a year now.
And, you know, there's no right answers and people are second guessing things going on but shout out to one of the
biggest piece of shit losers i've ever been on an airplane with so i was supposed to fly private
with portnoy and then that motherfucker didn't even go to tampa so i had to fly broach class
row 33 there and back from detroit and on the way there this asshole he was sitting two rows behind
me he was like 25 years old.
He's like, Miss, Miss, so what are the rules with the mask?
She's like, you have to wear the mask unless you're eating.
He's like, so if I have a coffee, do I have to take the mask off for every sip?
Or while I'm having the coffee, can the mask remain off the entire time?
She's like, I'd recommend if you could just take it off for each sip.
He's like, that is ridiculous.
So you're sitting here and you're expecting me to have a coffee and put my mask on take a take not take a sip take it off take a sip
this is a joke and this guy next to me is like shut up dude
and he's like oh yeah like this guy like you know all the rules i was just like oh my god like this
is why i don't sit roach class it was was like such a pigeon, such an asshole, making this fight attendant who's so nice,
just doing her job, just be so awkward.
I was like, I hate this kid.
I'd be in the next row over picking my toe jam barefoot.
I'm the asshole going.
Putting your toes in his face.
I got my yoga mat out in the aisle way as the plane's taking off.
He had like Birkenstocks on too. I hated him. Hey, I got Birkenstocks in the aisleway as the plane's taking off. He had, like, Birkenstocks on, too.
I hated him.
Hey, I got Birkenstocks.
Yeah, I know.
It explains a lot.
People do that to, like, you know, people just trying to work or do their job.
Assholes, dude.
You know, like, getting in a semantics battle.
He was doing it, like, to be funny to himself.
Yeah.
And maybe he thought other people, and everyone was just like, oh, you're the worst of the worst of the worst.
You toe jam fuck. Like, he's the, you're an asshole of the worst of the worst. You toe jam fuck.
He's the, you're an asshole, you're a fucking asshole.
How do we get, oh, hey, so last thing about the hockey side of it.
So the, I think it was at the United Center,
they removed the glass behind the bench so the airflow would.
Yeah, that was another one they did too, yeah.
Yeah, so I mean.
Sorry though.
Let's play with no glass.
I don't want to leave the Northern Division.
I know we've got to move on quickly, but were we ready to move on,
or are we still going to talk a little bit?
We can rip on Ottawa if you guys want.
Okay, well, listen.
So Edmonton plays Ottawa tonight.
It's at Ottawa, so good luck, Ottawa.
You've got to get a W.
But I wanted to mention in the Battle of Alberta the other night,
the first of nine this year,
McDavid and Dreitzaitl played the last five
minutes and 45 seconds of the game. NHL shift data, it's not perfect, but I think it came out
in 97, 98. It's the longest shift since they started keeping track of shifts. It's just insane
to think that those guys were able to play that long. And the crazy thing about McDavid is he
enters the game this evening
or last night as you're listening on a Tuesday with two points or more in the last seven straight
games. He's done it. He got to eight once in 2019. Gretzky has done that, did that with Edmonton 12
different times. One of them was a 16 game stretch. He had 50 points in 85- so i was kind of blown away by that but mcdavid you know he's
just been doing it we said last time you got to talk about him every time sometimes we need to
take a little break after hearing those just to digest how ridiculous points in 16 games
and and good luck ottawa because uh i keep thinking i keep thinking that you're going
to listen to this before the game.
Let's see how it went last night, because already they both,
Dreitzel and McDavid both have seven points in two games against them.
Yeah, these two guys are nuts.
Yeah, Edmonton won Saturday night 6-4, first of the many battles of Alberta this year.
We got the t-shirts there.
I see Biz has his on.
If you are buying, too, by the way, I know our shipping rates to Canada are a little pricey. We don't set.
I think if you buy more, you get more
bang for your shipping value.
No, really. 150.
If you can kind of put together an order with some buddies, you
won't pay for the shipping. I think that
was that the first game that Calgary played with their
reverse retros too?
Yeah, Biz, it was. And it's all Blastie.
They call him Blastie.
That horse just blasting out flames out of his snout.
So I love those.
I love the look of those.
Uh,
Goudreau scored that beauty,
uh,
coming down the wing bar down.
Um,
so that was a big win for,
that was a big win for Calgary.
300 pounds of pure meat coming down the wing as a memes sent out on Twitter.
Uh,
but what more could you ask for?
Six, four game. There was some chippiness. You what more could you ask for? 6-4 game.
There was some chippiness.
You saw Kachuk get in the mix a little bit.
Great entertaining game for our Albertans.
Yeah, Albertans.
Albertans.
And hockey fans everywhere.
Yeah, five-minute and 45-second shift.
That's unheard of.
And NHL.com actually has a pretty cool graph you can look at,
and they actually have it all measured out so you can you know chat a guy shifts during the game but uh we
got what eight nine more of those man i'm sure we're gonna see some blood before the next two
but uh what you just mentioned something about looking good i know you had a little more for us
about looking good on the golf course yeah guys um i'm here to talk to you right now about g4 and
for for people who don't know about g4, you're missing out big time.
I'm going to say it's not necessarily a new brand, but it's a golf brand that make not only great gear,
but they make gear that doesn't have to just be used on the golf course.
And right now what's really special is their MG 4.1 crossover shoe.
You can golf in it, but it's also great for a workout shoe or an everyday shoe.
It has nubs in the footbed so you get an all-day massage. That's no joke for people with bad feet
like me. And it's made with a knit material so it's super breathable and comfortable.
You can't get enough of this shoe. I promise you it's so comfy. Biz had it sent to him at
his place when we were out there in Scottsdale. Check it out on their site with some other of
their favorite products from them by visiting
g4.com slash chicklets i promise you will not regret it it's an awesome crossover shoe that's
i think nice for guys who maybe want to get some errands done before they go to the range so you
don't have to bring two pairs of shoes your golf shoes your other shoes you can just wear these
you can wear them out and not look like a fool at the post office and you can get to the range
and stripe it around with them so g4 like i said dot com slash chick let's check it out now 10 off your first order so shout out to g4 for making
some sick gear when we golf with ray whitney and scott so i had the same ones on because they sent
a few pairs out and he he had a different color on and he said they're the comfiest golf shoe he's
ever worn and if ray whitney's telling you that he's you know he's a scratch golfer uh i recommend
checking them out.
And they even have the classic-looking ones that are a little bit more old school.
What would you call those ones, Whit?
Just old school. I like that.
And I don't know the exact name for G4s, but like I said,
all-day massage on your feet.
So Robert Kraft would love them too.
It's just a perfect shoe.
Little rubber nubs.
All right, gang.
And now without further ado, we're going to send it over to Johnny Hockey.
Johnny, good draw.
Well, it's been a while since we had this Calgary flame on the show.
His first time was way back on episode 38 in July of 2017, way before biz.
Since that appearance, he's put up 252 points in 242 games.
A little check, let's bump action for you.
He's got 11 points in 10 games so far this season.
Some know him as Johnny Hockey.
Others know him by Johnny Ham and Cheese.
Whatever you call him, it's a pleasure to welcome back to the Spitting Chicklets podcast,
Johnny Gaudreau.
How you been, my friend?
I'm good.
I'm good.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Looking forward to this.
It's our pleasure.
Last time we did it was almost four years ago.
We were just saying, my living room in Salta, you come by with hazy yeah you had a couple cocktails for
your first time on chick that's a little different this time yeah no that was uh that was a lot i
don't that was a long time ago but uh yeah it was just me and hazy and then i don't know where he
was bringing me he kind of just brought me in the south into this house and i didn't know where i
was going i didn't know what i was. So getting caught in left and right.
So, but yeah, it was cool.
It was a lot of fun.
We had a great time that night and excited to be back. I think when you guys got in, Hazy grabbed me.
He's like, dude, he thought we were scoring dinner.
He didn't even know we were doing this.
So you're welcome.
I don't know what we were doing that night.
We had a blast though.
We went out to dinner after.
It was a good time.
Yeah, we went to Lincoln.
All right, so we got to get one thing out of the way quick,
and that is the biz rumor that you were a fat slob.
Like, did you hear this go down?
Did you hear rumblings, or were you just clueless the entire time?
No, I heard a little bit.
A few of my buddies sent me a few things,
and then my GM tree knows biz pretty well i guess
he texted me he was not happy he was not happy about me starting the johnny goudreau's got a gut
in in the in the reboot bubble here yeah so i think like a reporter came out and said like i was
i came to the it was right before the bubble i came out of shape and uh i think it was because
uh i was close contact with someone with COVID,
so I was with a different group.
So then we got taken away from the main group,
and then I guess they thought I needed a little bit more conditioning.
And then I saw this fat Johnny rolling around on a scooter on Instagram.
That was not me.
That was memes who did that.
So you can't blame me for that one.
Except you texted him and tell him to do it.
Oh, well, no, no.
Time out.
I texted him to do it and superimpose it onto your shootout move the other night against Winnipeg.
I saw it again.
I was like, what's going on?
How is this popping up again?
This time it was in a positive mind frame.
So I don't mean to throw.
But, hey, you've had a pretty hot start to the season.
You've been probably their best player so far yeah yeah it came uh came out you know played pretty well
the start of the year um you know our team's not doing too well right now i gotta get out of this
little funk but um you know we're playing against good teams i played against winnipeg three times
in a row and kind of gets frustrating playing the same team over and over again but um you know it's uh it's been good it's been a lot
of fun so we've been having fun i think that that we've had uh chuck on a couple times since last
time you were on and it must be so interesting playing with him because he'll he'll come out of
games when he played and they did something like i didn't do anything wrong but you guys must just
almost laugh in a sense like bud you just fell into the goalie on purpose.
Yeah, I mean, there's so many stories
where to start with Chucky.
I mean, I just, half the time,
I just expected it's like another scrum or something,
but like the other night against,
we played against Toronto,
and we all was skating back to the bench
after the game was over,
and I had no clue what went,
what the hell happened
with Muzzin and him and he was freaking out I'm just like I had just another scrumper Chucky I
guess and I didn't see him shoot the puck at him and then he was going bananas and I was like what
we just lost like what's why are you freaking out right now and I guess I didn't see that happen so
he he got a little heated about that but you must have kind of noticed when he came in
though that you were going to have a guy that really like got the juices flowing in the game
whether it was good for him or bad it was a player immediately who i think makes you guys like tougher
to play against right oh yeah i mean he's he's a guy you want on your team for sure i mean uh you
know he's smart player he you know he's got a great shot. He can see the ice, you know, really well with the best of us and best of them.
And he's on our power play.
He's great in that front.
And then when you need him to, you know, get physical and stuff, you know,
he's right there.
He's mixing it in with the big boys.
And he's just an all-around, you know, great player.
And, you know, we're really lucky to have him.
So, it's been great.
He actually lives right at four underneath me right now.
So, I should have just texted him and come up and say hello on the call but uh you know he's uh just
a great player and great person to be around what was the feeling in the locker room afterward and
when you explained to you guys what muzzet had done were you guys as a team were you guys a
little bit pissed off well i i didn't we didn't find out until, like, we watched SportsCenter because he was in the locker room.
He was still pissed off.
Like, really, he didn't play in the locker room.
But it's game four.
Like, relax.
We got a lot more games against these guys.
He's got a short wick, eh?
You'll get your chance back, Adam.
Like, it's all right.
But I didn't  we saw on SportsCenter, we're like,
you can see all five of us were skating off to go to the bench
and none of us saw.
We felt bad, but, you know, we play Toronto soon, so I'm sure he'll get them back maybe.
I don't know.
We'll see.
How are you digging these miniseries so far?
Like you said, you already played Winnipeg four times your first 10 games.
How long does it take for that hate to kick in?
I guess with Matthew on your team, it takes a period or two, but what other teams is it the same way?
With some teams it's a little different, but I mean,
obviously playing against a team, you know, back to back to back, I mean,
it's going to get a little frustrating a little bit at times, but for me
personally, I mean, I kind of like it, you know, less flying.
I hate flying and enjoy just playing these guys, you know,
three times in a row, get it out of the way.
But, you know, some of these guys, you know, these, you know,
big guys like to hit and stuff, Porsche and stuff, you know,
guys like that, you know, I bet it gets a little tiring at times.
But, you know, I'm sure it's a lot of fun for the fans too.
You said you hate flying.
Do you hate it because you don't like flying or you just hate the traveling aspect?
No, because I hate flying. Oh, really? You're like Team Mussolini. Yeah do you hate it because you don't like flying or you just hate the traveling aspect because i hate flying i'm like oh really you're like team musulani yeah i hate it miyamani
and they're awful with it every every really every takeoff you guys sit next to each other and kind
of console each other before you take off oh well we're on the card table miyamani and we have to
like stop playing cards for a little bit and like you know like
first two minutes of the flight and before we take off just like put our heads down like just
like take some deep breaths and try to you know get through this first two three minutes of the
flight but um because we always fly out of calgary it's always bumpy and you know it's windy and
snowing and clouds everywhere so it's it's an awful place to fly in and out of in the first
place but you know every flight is turbulence bumping and everything so maybe they'll start bussing you
just start bussing yeah me and mona and we're talking about buying an rb and just you know
traveling family trucks though yeah they're splitting a xanax with their like
on the way to Edmonton.
I was thinking the opposite.
Them in, like, an old Volkswagen Beetle, like hippies.
Hey, getting the dreadlocks going.
Washing your clothes outside.
Hey, that's what we had Brent Burns on.
And for many summers, he would just go in an RV with his wife and their kids, and he would have the weights on the bottom.
He would pull them out.
He'd work out at like a 7-Eleven, go grab a Gatorade,
and then back on the road.
Kids, time to feed the python.
What do you guys play on the plane, Johnny, for cards?
We play a little bit of Chicago.
We play Euchre.
We play 13 up, 13 down.
We play Super Talk talk never any poker like is that
just i was only on one team that played hold them we play a little bit we played a little bit of
poker this year we just we show them chips so we're a pain in the ass yeah true and so we'll
just like grab like a ton of like we have like a ton of gummy bears on the flights and we'll just
pour them onto the table and we'll all get like 20 gummy bears and we'll just use
those as chips.
Oh yeah.
And they're like,
don't eat those ones.
Do not eat the red ones.
Hey,
I'll come by and I'll just be like,
Hey,
here's a couple of,
you know,
gummy bears,
G throw them in the mouth.
But yeah,
the Haribo sugar freeze.
I don't know if you've ever heard that.
Deuce city.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's a,
there was like a, not an ad, but a review online, Johnny, this Haribo sugar freeze. I don't know if you've ever heard that. Deuce city. Yeah. Yeah. There's a, there was like a,
not an ad,
but a review online,
Johnny,
this Haribo sugar freeze.
Apparently they run right through you and you will just be painting the
bowl with liquid shit all night.
Yeah.
In and out.
Don't be handing out the Haribo sugar freeze unless you're doing it to
the other locker room.
So Johnny, I want to ask, what the hell are they doing?
The question there.
Yeah.
You guys, I mean, the team is largely intact from last season.
You brought in Mox from the show up the crease a little bit.
Like, is it just a matter of you guys still kind of working out the kinks
of a new season or is it just the competition's a little better right now?
No, I think we're just kind of working out the kinks.
I think, you know, we had just kind of working out the kinks.
I think, you know, we had a short training camp, no exhibition games. We have a lot of new guys, about like four, five, six new guys
that have played forward.
So the lines are kind of mixed up and everything.
So it's going to have been a little difficult to start.
But, you know, hopefully, I mean, you know know we play every other night so you know we
need to figure it out quickly because of the shortened season so um that's something that
we need to you know figure out pretty quickly but we uh we talked to charlie mcavoy i think it was
last week and i don't know how it ended up coming up but the the iguana wrestling came up some
people on this podcast call it you guinea wrestling do you have any experience at world championships with the iguana wrestling yeah oh yeah me and larks geez oh so you're
you're legit at this you're taking on larks yeah well me and larks we would do it three four five
times a night and we would wake up and i need like four or five Tylenol before I could go practice or anything.
Your neck is just so messed up.
And I'm pretty sure Lark said to like bandage up his knees from just like the ground
and being dragged on the ground and stuff.
Who took those down?
Was it split?
I was good in the beginning, and then Lark's kind of got adjusted
and he started pulling me, dragging me pretty good.
So I kind of stopped pulling against him. And, uh,
Noah Hannafin's uncle came to the world championships with us too.
And he's just like big, big guy, you know, two 10, two 20.
And I was just dragging him and just smoking him. He couldn't beat me.
I beat him like six, seven times at world championships. He was so mad.
What was your technique? Johnny had 53 matches throughout the 10 days and i did so many
guan wrestles and my neck was just so i was like so bad for you so i had to stop doing that but
you know it was i mean it was uh it was just stupid but it was a lot of fun
looked like brock lesnar by the end of it. Yeah, I would just, I don't know.
I would try to play against everyone on our team.
I'd be like, you want a match?
You want a match?
Let's go.
Let's go.
You want a match?
Everyone's like, Johnny, no, dude.
You have a neck brace on, like, enough.
Well, yeah, McAvoy said it was all technique and, like, leverage,
so you must have figured out a little glitch somewhere.
Yeah, you got to get down pretty low and you can't let your neck slide down or the
belt fly off and you'll lose you gotta keep your your head up but i caught lark's cheating a couple
times with his feet behind like you know chair stool leveraging defend yourself lark and get on
here yeah so he's like i caught him like with the back of his foot and then like the behind chair like so like i couldn't pull him and he could use that like leverage to
pull me with me so i'll give him the benefit of the doubt but i mean he's still beating me a lot
but i gave him a couple days johnny had ankle weights all up his leg under his track suit
to strike you couldn't move him and now he doesn't need him because he has cankles bills because he's a fat, fat boy.
He attached his feet to the cart, his cart that he buzzes around on the ice with.
Putting a line at Disney World.
Hey, was Lark's your age?
Is he, you guys same year?
No, he's, I think he's a 95 maybe or maybe 94, 95, 96.
So growing up, like, and it, and a lot's been made.
I mean, not a lot, but you were a smaller guy.
So you were a fourth-round pick.
You hadn't played a year at college.
Who were the best players in the country your age?
If you weren't considered one of them, who was at that time?
Any of those guys in the NHL now?
Well, I always remember Grimaldi being the guy.
And he was small, too.
He was a small guy too.
And he got drafted second round by, he was always like, you know,
the guy that was the player that like everyone like knew about,
who's going to tear it up and everything.
So, but going back, I don't, I don't remember.
Yeah.
Not a great year.
I remember his name though.
I always remembered his name and, and he got drafted the second round. So I'm pretty sure people thought he was going to go to the first round because of his size, though. I always remember his name. And he got drafted in the second round.
So I'm pretty sure people thought he was going to go to the first round
because of his size in the second round.
But I think he still plays somewhere, I'm pretty sure.
But good little player.
When you were picked in the fourth round,
was that kind of what you expected?
It was the year in the USHL where you lit it up.
But was that kind of what you were thinking going in?
No, I didn't think I was going to get drafted at all, to be honest.
I thought I was going to go to college and, you know,
play four years there and have some fun with Hazy and then kind of...
Go back to the shore.
Go back to the Jersey Shore, yeah, and rip it up there.
But, no, honestly, I just, I got drafted.
I went to a couple of their development camps and they said I,
I was doing well there and went to college kind of played well my first year.
And then the second year played well in third year,
me hazy and Arnold got together and kind of just tore it up.
And that was a lot of fun and then sign. And then kind of, you know,
it was very fortunate. You know know I got played on the team
I think the Flames were at 30th the year before that so I kind of went into the team I don't think
they were expecting much out of the team and made the team and then we made the playoffs that year
too and went to the second round so it's pretty cool so I keep hearing about this uh the signing
bonus check story that you told them the first hot pod you were on so you just mentioned
when you signed can i hear this yeah you can hear it it was uh it was me and uh billy arnold we
played one game and we got our signing bonus checks and i was still using my parents like
debit card in college 300 bucks a month and i mean you try you spend it on food you don't want
to eat at the dorms you try to go to like chipotle and go out spend it on food and you don't want to eat at the dorms.
You try to go to like Chipotle and go out to eat and stuff.
So you don't really have much for like beer or anything or stuff like that.
So I got bonus check and I wanted to, you know, like treat the guys.
I wanted to take all my classmates out to dinner and stuff.
So I went to like some ATM and just put the check right into the atm and spit all the 97 000
into the debit card one of the one debit card and i was just i was just i was like 18 19 or 20 i was
like didn't know what i was doing and took the boys out to dinner and had a good time there and
probably spent the rest of it at some point the rest of the month but
yeah
that's the story
you were letting it fly
when you first got the money
yeah
I mean I went back to school
and you know
played in the NHL
I scored a goal
I was with my teammates
I was like
ah this is awesome
bought an Escalade
on a debit card
his age was like
Johnny you spent 10,000
on ATM fees this month.
You got to do something about this.
Yeah.
The boys, the sushi still brought a sub for himself.
Yeah.
Well, that's what I want to ask him.
Of course, the ham and cheese stuff, that's the legendary story.
You showed up to a sushi joint.
You brought your own ham and cheese.
Have you tried sushi since then?
And if so, how'd you like it?
Yeah, no, I like it.
I like it a lot more now.
I like the spicy tuna um good stuff uh that's pretty much all i really like but i'll crush
that hey that's growing though before it was nothing yeah i know i remember hazy took me to
quincy maybe yeah yeah yeah and i was like i'm not eating this. I'm not. There's no chance I'm eating anything at this place.
A little California roll.
That's your extent of your sushi knowledge.
Yeah, there was a little pizza shop right across the street.
I was like, Kev, just give me like a ham and cheese sandwich or something.
Like I'm not eating this fish.
Not a seafood guy at all or was it just the sushi aspect?
I mean, you're Italian given Jersey.
That's usually a seafood place.
I'm more Italian, like Italian food and stuff.
But I've definitely gotten a lot better.
But I was in college and that's all I ate.
I was just like ham sandwiches and meatball subs and pasta.
So I never really ventured out to the sushi.
What was your kind of reaction to seeing Looch grab a beer mug by his teeth
and just crush the whole thing in three seconds for the first time?
What an animal.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That guy's crazy.
I don't know how he does it.
It's the thickest glass ever.
I couldn't even hold it with my teeth in an empty glass,
let alone chug the whole beer.
It's just one of the most impressive things i've seen and
he can do it over and over and over and over and over again throughout the whole night it's like
seven of them done and i'm just like wow this guy's nuts like i don't know how he's doing this
the glasses are heavy too like it's crazy she like grabs some of his teeth just right down the
hatchet and just drops it down with his teeth
Doesn't use any of his hands
Then he looks over at you
You're just like oh my god
Johnny last season I'd say
Was probably the first time the media or fans
Were particularly harsh on you in your career
Did that suck or does it suck
Or does it something that even register you at this point
Now that you got some years in the league
No I definitely I wasn't a huge fan of it i think it was my first time ever
really being criticized for for anything really so especially with hockey so uh i know how passionate
you know canadians are about their hockey so uh that's what makes it cool to play in a market
like this so you know i kind of looked at it both ways.
It's like, you know, it kind of sucks, but, you know, make the most of it,
you know, try to play well and hopefully, you know,
you know, they won't be too pissed about the playoffs.
And I had a good summer or off season or whatever you want to call it and came back and felt really good to start the year
and, you know, playing well right now.
So, but that was, yeah that was uh a first for
me you know first time ever you know really taking a little bit of heat for you know hockey
the thing is is it'll be a hell of a career if it continues on in the year you got ripped on you
were just 12 games below a point per game it's it's it's like when the expectations are so high
you look at you're like jesus season wasn't that bad but this summer you said you had a good summer was it difference in training are
you a guy that's on the ice a lot like how did that all go down when the off season did finally
come no i did i did a decent amount of training um i did a lot of like skill work in the summer
uh i did a lot of like three on three.
My dad's rink down in South Jersey, we have, they have a smaller ice,
like a smaller ice rink.
So I would just do all my skates on there and invite like six, seven,
eight guys on the ice.
And we just do three on three on the small ice.
And we just do it for like an hour and we play like two,
three times a week. And we do that like all the time and worked out before and after them,
not before and after them not before and after
them but like worked out as much as I could and um but it was important you know I kind of like
I said I never really took that much heat for anything to do with hockey so kind of took it
you know a little bit to heart and you know I tried to you know make sure I came out you know
pretty you know have a good start to the season and try to help this team win games and because
I know you know this is a fun city to play in and try to help this team win games. Because I know, you know, it's a fun city to play in.
You know, they're so passionate about their hockey
and it's a lot of fun playing here.
So, you know, I just want to, you know, play well
and hopefully keep them happy.
Going back to last year, is it a case of like you just,
you know, especially as an offensive player,
there's, you know, you have this pressure to put up points
where maybe you're just in this rhythm where, you know, things aren't going well
or is it a case of maybe you feel like you didn't come in as prepared?
Well, it was last season, so it was  I didn't come in not prepared.
It was  we ended up firing Bill Peters.
He was six, seven games in the season, and we didn't know if we were going to
get a new coach. We didn't know if we were getting a new coach.
We didn't know if we were going to have the assistant coach become the
interim coach.
And then we changed up a few things and we changed up some lines and stuff.
And it was just a bit of a hectic year and then COVID happened.
So I started to play well as COVID started to, you know,
get crazy and towards the second half of the year, I kind of, you know,
started picking it up, playing a lot better, but, but I think it think it was you know with all that stuff going on it was just this crazy
year and um i don't know i'll just blame it on that kind of i guess i mean no that's fair yeah
i came in prepared i never knock them in prepared i always have you know good off season i always
you know skate skate as much as i can i'll start skating like three four weeks after i'm done my season calgary i'll skate for three
four months in the summer if i have to i always go to world championships i love playing in those
i just love being on the ice so to be honest i'm never not prepared to come in for the year it's
just crazy year and you know sometimes it doesn't go your way i guess it happens
yeah are you are you i always like asking like the top players in the league i feel like some
guys don't watch any hockey and some every night are tuning in what's your kind of off nights like
not that there's a lot of them this season but are you staying up to date watching games or you
just kind of in your own world no i'm i try not to watch as much hockey. I mean, we're pretty much playing every other night.
I don't  I'm like when I get  when I have some downtime,
I'm playing Xbox and like I'm watching golf right now.
You need a break.
Paisley's the one I'll probably watch him.
I love watching him.
He's playing well this year too.
Yeah, he is.
You know, I try to just, you know, stay away from the hockey
when I have time to do it during the season
because it gets pretty hectic, especially this year.
Was that something that came naturally to you
where you could just leave everything at the rink
and when you get home, shut your brain off?
Because, like, I talk  you know, you talk to guys throughout your career,
especially when they're going through, you know, criticism and stuff.
It's hard to, like, avoid, like, the thinking of it,
just like you're at home and it pops in your head or something.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, last year was difficult.
I mean, you know, anytime I go on Twitter or anything,
it was, you know, it was something, you know,
something about last year that I put like shit or something like that.
So I try to just stay away from that too.
But, you know, now this year, I mean, I just go to the rink, you know,
I enjoy being around my teammates.
We have a really good group of guys. I love all of them. You know, they're year, I mean, I just go to the rink, you know, I enjoy being around my teammates. We have a really good group of guys.
I love all of them.
You know, they're really fun to hang out with.
And be on the ice with, you got like five, six Americans,
which is awesome too.
So that's always great to have in Canada.
And, you know, just come home and just relax, I guess, you know,
and try not to put too much stress on myself, you know,
just relax and have a good dinner.
And, you know, I don't know.
You actually have Johnny, Johnny hockey trademarked, right?
I do. I do. I did it when I was in my second year,
because I guess some kids from Boston, Boston, because of, because of BC,
but we're writing like Johnny F and hockey and like putting my name and like
different like cursors and stuff. And my agent's like, just,
you don't need all that crap. So, uh, we just trademarked it. And I don't,
I don't think I've used it for anything really, but
I was going to say you did it more for protective reasons.
So other people can't exploit it. Right.
Yeah, exactly. I didn't want to, you know,
something to come out where maybe I'm a part of it or not. So we just,
we just did that and never did anything with it.
But, um, honestly, I didn't think the name would really stick still to this day, but,
uh, you know, it's kind of cool.
And until biz drops, uh, gets a trademark on Johnny ham and cheese and spreads rumors
about you so you can profit off.
No, I'll make that the gossip website where we, that's where we post all the rumors.
Awesome.
I love that t-shirt. Yeah. I'll have to send you a few, um, uh, the Americans website where we, that's where we post all the rumors. Awesome. I love that t-shirt.
Yeah. I'll have to send you a few, um, uh, the Americans on your team,
the Olympics coming up next year, just with the way that the USA hockey's on
the rise for sure. I mean, they just won the,
the world junior championship and they're closing the gap. You guys,
does that conversation come up in the locker room?
Honestly, no, we haven't talked about the Olympics at all, to be honest.
I mean, we don't even know if, like
That's going to be sick.
Yeah, I mean, it's going to be awesome.
Hopefully, you know, I'm able to be a part of that
because that would be a really, really cool experience.
But, you know
You don't think you're going to make the team, Johnny?
You know, you never know anymore.
Hey, stay humble, dude.
That's the South Jersey.
That's the South Jersey in you is the humbleness.
I was going to say, trademark Johnny Humble.
We haven't really talked about it at all.
To be honest, we don't even know if we're playing the next day with COVID.
I mean, everything going on, we're just taking it day by day.
It's just crazy right now. if we're playing the next day with COVID, I mean, everything going on, we're just taking day by day. And, you know, like,
it's just, it's just crazy right now. So obviously, you know,
hopefully COVID gets better and, you know,
you can actually like look forward to it. Maybe actually,
actually a hundred percent happening, but like, I mean, if it happens,
you know, and I get to be part of that team USA, you know, that'd be, you know, a really cool experience. It'd be awesome.
You and Hazy text every day during the season, every other day?
How's that work?
Yeah, a good amount.
Yeah, we talk a good amount.
Now you guys are both wifed up.
So it's like before it was just YouTube.
Now you got to talk to your girls.
It's different.
I know.
It's been a long time since college.
I mean, we've grown up a lot, me and Kevin.
So, man, just a good person, good friend, and he's actually in my wedding.
So I'm looking forward to that for him to be there.
And so it's going to be a good time.
Speaking of friends.
Oh, sorry.
One second.
He told me you were building a spot or got a spot on the shore. That's where you're going to spend your off seasons. so it's gonna be a good time speaking of friends i think oh sorry all right one second yeah he told
me you were building a spot or got a spot on the on the shore that's where you're gonna spend your
off seasons yeah i have a i have a house in avon new jersey in jersey shore um nice like right on
the bay um like four blocks from the ocean and then i have my back's like right on the bay. So I got a couple of jet skis.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
Flames colored jet skis.
Yeah, no, I mean, it's a great spot.
I love it. And then I invite all my buddies down and they come crash there and stuff.
So it's just a good spot.
And for people who know of Jersey Shore, like what is that?
Are you the not like trash area?
Are you actually proud to be like fist pumping tank top?
No, I don't think there's no one around my town that's fist pumping and all that stuff.
We're about like an hour and a half from that spot in North Jersey.
But I get a kick out of the show, to be honest.
I still kind of watch it.
I love watching those clowns.
I was going to say, nothing gets a worse rap than the Jersey Shore,
and it's all because of that show.
Because if you actually go there and you're not at that spot,
it's absolutely gorgeous, which is 80 of it.
What is that spot, though?
Mostly North Jersey.
Seaside Heights.
Seaside Heights is where it's at.
Yeah, yeah.
So I live in Avalonalon so it's about like an
hour and probably an hour and a half two hours from north jersey up there but i live in like uh
you know that's a pretty small town and it's only like three mile mile three miles long maybe so
seven miles long sorry and uh but uh yeah these people are really nice and uh it's a pretty quiet
town so enjoy it.
Is there a name for the people who are in the greasy area?
Do you guys have, like, a funny saying for them?
No, not really, but there's a couple towns over that are kind of a little bit more greasier.
But those bars are fun to go to, too.
Like, you drive down, and it's, like, a's like 10 minute Uber and a lot of fun to just go
to the bars down there. And there's a bar in, in my town and, but it's,
you know, pretty casual and, you know, it doesn't get too nuts, but, um,
but yeah, it's a good time. Love it down there.
We're just talking about, Hey, is he a good friend?
You said how good of a friend he is.
I have to bring up the sweatshirt you're wearing right now. A friend's,
is that a sweatshirt or a t-shirt?
Yeah. It's my all time favorite show uh is it really yeah i watch it every night before i go
to bed so you still watch it every night pretty much i mean i i just like uh what's your best
favorite episode favorite episode is probably the one where uh ross got high love it ross got when ross got
high yeah it's like it's like a memory of when he was in high school and he got high and his parents
are there it's pretty uh it's a good epi but uh no i i need i need to watch tv to fall asleep so
i've watched the series so many times that i can just close my eyes and when i hear the
them talking i know exactly what's going on so i can keep my clothes and i just pass out
you're watching friends with with your mind basically subconscious are you a are you a
chanel guy or a joey guy because nobody's a ross guy uh no i'm a big Ross guy too. Alright, put your fucking shoe in your mouth.
Put your shoe in your mouth.
I like Joey too.
Honestly, I like them all. The only character that I really don't like is Phoebe.
I think she's going to piss me off. The blonde one?
Yeah.
She's a little painful for you, Johnny?
She's a smelly cat.
Well, it's better than
Cobra Kai. I'll give you that. Oh, you're not than Cobra Kai. I'll give you that.
Oh, you're not liking Cobra Kai, huh?
What other shows you
watch in these days? That's usually R.A.'s question,
but you must be consuming a lot,
especially as you're traveling.
I feel like I pretty much watched
everything during
COVID. I mean, we watched
Outer Banks, really liked it.
Did you watch Ted Lasso?
You're a reality TV guy for sure then.
Yeah, I like Narcos.
You watch Below Deck?
Below Deck, yeah.
I just went to dinner with a girl who used to be
on it. The blonde curly haired one.
She was one of the OGs.
Below Deck is the yacht one, right?
Yeah, I really like that.
That's a really good show.
But isn't there, like, different casts, like, every season?
Yeah, well, they do, like, different areas where they're on the yacht.
You know, they could be in, like, you know, Europe.
They'll be in the Bahamas.
But for anyone who's interested in, like, yacht living
and then how painful these guests could be, it's classic TV.
I love it.
What do you mean, as in like as in high maintenance wit
well yeah i mean like some people come on and they're like order sheet for the food is so
outrageous there's like eight of them there's one chef on this boat it's just funny but then
they show the the staff going at it making out crushing each other getting loaded the captain's
yelling at him oh my god this is awesome this show is so good. And they got like rocket Australian guys and girls working the boat.
It's like you could stay up all night watching those with your mind.
Cracking yourself up.
Oh, yeah.
Or that.
Johnny Damon was on one, actually, too.
He's like so dumb.
That guy can't even talk.
But I digress.
I was asking if you watch Ted Lasso.
It's on Apple TV+. I've been raving about it forever.. I was asking if you watch Ted Lasso. It's on Apple TV+.
I've been raving about it forever.
Have you checked that out yet?
Ted Lasso.
It's with Jason Sudeikis on it from Saturday Night Live years ago.
It's on the guest bingo card.
You ask every single guest.
No, it's on Apple TV+.
I told Whit to watch it.
I'm about to be finished.
It's a fantastic show, man.
Definitely.
I think you'd like it, too.
If you don't watch it, you're going to murder your family. finished. It's a fantastic show, man. Definitely. I think you'd like it too.
If you don't watch it, you're going to murder your family.
No, he's a wicked, wholesome kid.
I think he'd even appreciate it more than the average.
I'll give it a watch tonight.
I'll start every one.
Yeah, absolutely.
I'll have to hear it.
Any plans for the big game Sunday?
Just to let the listeners know we're recording this a couple days before the Super Bowl.
Yeah, what's your pick?
Yeah.
Honestly, I think Mahomes will win i i hope brady wins so bad i just even though with everything new england everything and i lived there for three years with bc and how
painful it was sometimes with the boston people and brady and everything what do you mean
honestly i i hope he wins though that'd be so mean, like, you will never get to see a player that's like him again
and we get to watch.
So I'm hoping he wins, but who knows?
Apparently some of the biggest bets in are on Tampa.
Really?
We'll see.
We'll see.
I'm doing live betting throughout the game,
so I don't know much about live betting,
but I'm going to try to hit, like, a next TD prop or something something like that that's what it's all about barstool sportsbook have you
stepped up your cowboy boot game at all no no just not just not your thing huh i i saw you at
stampede and they had you do the parade and he was in the parade with shorts on and and gucci
gucci high tops yeah i i wore yeezys the year the first year
and then i was like i gotta go something different this year i can't wear stupid cowboy boots kidding
me so he's on the local tv station riding a horse downtown calgary with gucci gucci loafers on
yeah so i threw the gucci's on and uh if i ride in again i have to mix it up again but
but no thank you so much for coming on buddy and best of luck with the rest of the season If I write in again, I'll have to mix it up again. But no cap.
Thank you so much for coming on, buddy.
And best of luck with the rest of the season.
Hopefully you guys are able to turn things around.
Yeah.
Thanks for having me, guys.
It was a blast.
My pleasure, Johnny.
Thanks for coming. Have a great one.
Thank you so much to Johnny Ham and Cheese, a.k.a. Ross Goudreau.
Huge fan of the show Friends.
What a season.
What a season. What a season.
A bounce back year so far for him after being disappointed.
13 points in 11 games, so we appreciate it very much.
How about R.A. saying, it can't be Ross.
Ross can't be your...
I would have said the same thing, R.A.
Ross is the worst character ever.
Yeah, he's so annoying.
Most people can't stand the guy, but apparently Johnny likes him,
so I'd have a to each his own.
All right, gang, listen.
This Valentine's Day, find jewelry as unique as your love
with the modern convenience of online shopping at bluenile.com.
You can do it via phone or chat to help you find a memorable gift at every budget.
Blue Nile has been the original online jeweler since 1999,
and they've helped millions of couples create their perfect engagement ring whether you're customizing an engagement ring or designing diamond stud
earrings online jewel blue nile will help you create a bigger more brilliant piece than you
can imagine at a price you won't find at a traditional jeweler you can't beat the 24-7
expert advice and legendary service with 30-day returns. And when you commit to a piece, so does Blue Nile,
as they guarantee service and repair for life.
If it's not perfect, no problem.
Blue Nile has a 100 satisfaction guarantee,
and you can shop stress-free with guaranteed free shipping and returns.
And if you need it fast, Blue Nile can deliver overnight in most cases.
So make your moment sparkle with jewelry from blue nile.com and spitting
chicklets listeners get 50 off your first purchase over 500 this podcast exclusive is only good
through valentine's day and includes engagement stuff too so get on that fellas if you're putting
it off use the code chicklets that's code chicklets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s plus every order is insured
ships free and arrives in discreet packaging
that won't give away what your secret is.
All right?
So shop stress-free and find your forever peace.
Go to BlueNile.com today and use the code Chicklets.
Nice.
All right, boys.
Humming right along.
We're going to go over to the Central Division next.
Had quite a bit of controversy in Sunday's Columbus Carolina game.
I've never seen
anything like this before i don't know if you guys have uh vincent trochek scored late in the
second period um he appeared to be offside columbus requested requested a coach's challenge for the
offside uh and what was crazy is they didn't overrule it it was plain as day that he was
offside they gave him the goal they gave columbus a penalty. And then apparently they reviewed it between periods or whatever.
They took the power play down at the start of the period, but they left the goal out.
And I'm going to go per the NHL.
During the review, a miscommunication occurred between the video replay booth in Columbus,
the linesman, and the situation room, and play resumed before all replays could be reviewed to confirm the offside.
The challenge by Columbus should have resulted in the Carolina goal being disallowed.
Subsequently, Columbus was assessed a delay of game penalty.
After confirmation in the intermission that the play was offside,
the remaining 45 seconds of the delay of game penalty issued was rescinded to begin the third period.
Of course, the goal stuck up there.
I don't know, man.
This is a bad look to the NHL.
It was a jokel it was a
joke it was a joke yeah go ahead where you seem hot about it i i just can't i just can't believe
at this level that that can happen where okay guys you don't get the penalty because it actually
wasn't a goal but they get to keep the goal it was like and then they lose by one it's it's and
patrick line it was perfect after.
I think he said something like, I've never seen anything like that.
It's pathetic.
I think he dropped an F-bomb, said it was a fucking joke.
Patrick Laine standing in the OV Stamko spot had two snipe dogs.
He looks so sick set up there on the top, or not the top of the umbrella, but off to the side.
I just can't believe that at a level that the nhl is at with all the replay
they have and all the ability to review so much now that drives people insane and you actually
can fuck it up that much it's like who knows how much you end up missing the missing the playoffs
by it's like you lost the game that you should have at least gotten a point from it was bullshit
i mean i think you summarized it perfectly.
And then probably smart,
Torts refused to comment on it after the game
because if he did,
he'd probably be writing another check over to the league.
But yeah, Columbus got bent over.
No spit, no lube, sandpaper finish on that one for sure.
Yeah, and Aaron Portsline at The Athletic,
he reported today, Monday,
before we started recording that it was human error,
specifically the actions of an over-exuberant off-ice official who was in training.
And apparently this guy was either speaking out loud or whatever.
And so that's a good goal.
And someone overheard it, and apparently thought that was the call.
Just something that was one of those things like, how does it even happen?
Like, you should know who you're talking to, who's saying what.
Apparently the linesman heard a voice say, that's a good goal,
and they skated off before they could get him.
And the NHL also has a light.
It's like a strobe light they can hit.
So it'll put the light on by the rink so people can say,
oh, they're trying to get our attention.
But the guy who, because of COVID, the guy who got the headphones back,
normally he just puts them back on his head.
But because of COVID, he had to clean off the wipes.
So he, A, didn't have the headphones on, and B, didn't see the light going off.
So they were frantically in Toronto trying to get the guy,
and he's like, dum-dee-dum-dee-dum, cleaning fucking the headphones off.
And meanwhile, Columbus gets porked out of a goal.
So, you know, hey, look, all these leagues have accidents.
We're not picking on the NHL here, but this one was pretty egregious, man.
It was pretty bad.
Torch is going to be calling that kid like Liam Neeson in Taken,
just breathing into the phone.
I mean, the fact that it was like a summer Naha tournament at Marlboro
for this NHL game the other night.
Joke.
Unreal.
Well, speaking of Columbus, Jack Rosliff got his first goal Thursday night.
He's got a goal and five assists in six games with Columbus,
so he's obviously been rejuvenated by the trade.
Patrick Laine, he's got three goals in three games as well.
Zach Wawrinski went to the IR with a lower body injury.
He's expected to miss a week.
How about the Florida Panthers? They lost their first game in regulation Sunday versus Detroit,
and their point streak ended at eight games.
Biz, I'm not sure this is a team people thought would be close to the top
of the standards at this point.
I know it's early, but so far so good for Florida.
And once they start getting a little bit of goaltending, I think they're going to be even better.
I mean, I would say Bobrowski hasn't necessarily been off to the hottest start.
We got like 10 trolls nonstop every time Yance throws a turnover.
It's a little cult of losers.
It's crazy.
It's like every defenseman in the league throws a couple
turnovers this guy's got seven points in eight games and you know he's he's he's doing what he
normally does and if hockey threw the turnover against the detroit red wings and they ended up
scoring a goal i think that led things off but who gives a fuck i mean that's that shit's gonna
happen uh these people are foolish i look at their profiles they're so dumb they're starting their
account they know absolutely nothing about hockey probably living in boca raton fucking clueless to the game and i'll
tell you um the guy who do want to shout out in florida and everyone talks about barkov why
wouldn't you one of the best in the league but this carter verhage man he is playing with barkov
and he is making some sick plays out there super skilled and if you look at the kids hockey db and
you kind of do some
little research texts I did to kind of figure out who he is, he's worked for every single thing he's
had. He was picked in the third round in the 2013 draft by the Leafs and he grinded it out. He
played in the AHL, then he was in the coast, two different seasons, spent time in the coast.
And then he got to Syracuse in 2018 2017 2018 part of the lightning organization had a
great year there 18 19 he crushed it I think he led the league in scoring 82 points in the AHL
last year spent a good portion of the year with the lightning did pretty well and then signs with
the Panthers he's at a point per game right now he's got six goals in nine games and I swear if
you look at his progression it's similar in a way to um I'm
drawing a blank Jonathan Marcheseau who who kind of had to spend his time and really earn a chance
to play in the NHL and all of a sudden gets up there and shows he can be like a point per game
player and an elite scorer so Carter Verhage he's a guy that I think surprised so many people and
one of the reasons the the Panthers look so good and you talk about Bobrovsky he might be the worst goaltender in the league right now he's the highest
paid goalie it's like the complete I mean if you're the best goalie and you're the lowest paid
goalie what a dream when it's the opposite it's a full-blown nightmare so they're winning games
not because of him because the other guy in net so I don't really understand where they're going
to go from there and how many years he has that contract. But, Jesus, thank God for this Dredger.
I don't even know how to say his name.
Chris Dredger.
Dredger.
Yeah, well, we're talking about Yandel, guys.
We've got to bring up his article in The Athletic you guys were quoted in.
Just a fun read, obviously.
What was it called?
Appropriately inappropriate or inappropriately appropriate,
whatever the headline was.
It was a real good read about KY and the athletic.
How long ago did you guys get called for that?
A couple weeks.
Yeah, a couple weeks ago.
Just to talk to what he provides a locker room
and how he adds that levity.
And, you know, before a game,
sometimes things get a little bit tense,
but he's there to calm everybody down
and have a few laughs
and remember that we're just playing a game.
Or we were, excuse me.
We didn't mention Huberto either.
Who's been off to another hot start.
And I think if you look over the past,
like five seasons,
six seasons or something like he's top 10 and scoring throughout the entire
league.
Like he is,
he has been exceptional since he's been down there.
It's kind of funny.
You said Boca Raton.
They actually get very high hockey ratings on TV when the games are on the playoffs.
Their name every once in a while pops up in the top ten American cities for hockey ratings.
Okay, so these foolish fans who hate Yans that root for the Panthers,
maybe they're living in Daytona Beach with your relatives.
Hilarious.
And before we move on from this division division i just want to shout out myself again
for uh carolina looks good and i don't even think ajo's really got going yet so shout out to me for
talking about how good the hurricanes are yeah yeah chicago another team uh it looked like they
had no goalie to start the year then kevin lankin and this finished free agent kind of come out of
nowhere i don't know if he saved this season but they're only a point out of the top seed in the
division right now, albeit they
have three games in hand. I was with Chief
on Sunday night. He says he thinks they're going to
make the playoffs. Yeah, I mean
it certainly looks a lot better than it did a couple
weeks ago. Debrinket and Kane are on absolute
fire. A couple of the notes here,
goaltender notes in the division. Anton
Hudobin, he missed Sunday's game for disciplinary
reasons. I don't know, they didn't
really get into the particulars, but I don't know if he was late.
But bonus said, I don't have too many rules, so I expect you to obey him.
So I don't know if it was late or tardiness or whatever,
but either way, he didn't get the start.
And Carolina goalie Peter Morazic is going to be out for a little bit.
He had thumb surgery.
He was leading the league with 0.99 goals against and a 9.55 save percentage
when he got hurt.
So Carolina obviously want to get him back soon in the lineup.
Any other notes from this division, boys?
You want to move on to the West?
No, just got a  Nashville really needs to step up.
And unfortunately, last night they had the lightning.
I don't know how the game will go, but they got to start winning some games.
Yeah, the season can slip away from you pretty quick.
Two weeks ago, the central was pretty
much the first division that had to deal with all these covet issues and last week it was the west
that lost a bunch of games uh at least had to postpone a bunch of games uh let's see colorado
beat minnesota on tuesday but then both games both teams had a goal on the postpone route
uh colorado was not going to be playing through at least february 11th and minnesota is not going
to be playing until at least through february 9 Minnesota is not going to be playing until at least through February 9th.
This team, this division just didn't have a lot of games.
Vegas has still only played nine games in this division.
San Jose, Anaheim, they split shootout wins.
Biz, we were talking about Arizona and St. Louis,
and we were talking about the schedule,
and these teams must already hate each other with this schedule, no?
Yeah, things are getting a little bit chippy.
Braden Shen ended up scrapping with this Johan Larson,
the kid who came over from Buffalo. He's a big dude. Yeah, things are getting a little bit chippy. Braden Shen ended up scrapping with this Johan Larson, the kid who came over from Buffalo.
He's a big dude.
Yeah, I know.
He's sneaky 400 games played.
I didn't know he'd been in the league that long.
But he has a bit of sandpaper to him.
He's got a chip on his shoulder.
Earlier in the game, I think Phil Kessel gave Braden Shen
a little bit of a cup check, and they were going at it.
And then in the second period, I think that's part of the reason why I think they scrapped but uh ultimately right now St.
Louis just doesn't look that great I think Pareko's struggling a little bit you know they've
changed the dynamic of their team around a little and uh Coyotes have been playing some good hockey
they they got two two of the three games so far in this series and they could have easily won that first game they ended up giving up the lead but uh i've only seen
them i've seen anaheim who looked like shit uh i think that they need to call up that zgris because
i have no there's nothing makes zero sense there's nothing exciting about watching them play and just
watching how how slow they are and they're not very exciting it's just like why wouldn't you
have this kid?
Because I keep seeing these clips of him down in the American League lighting it up.
So I'm excited for them to eventually call him up.
And then we saw Vegas for four games,
and you said that they haven't played much hockey,
but they still look like the top dog.
And that's pretty much it.
Yeah, it's been a bit of a gong show as far as the games are concerned.
Sucks for Minnesota that they got things shut down because they were rolling pretty good and it's going to
be interesting to see because of all this covid protocol teams who were rolling all of a sudden
a week goes by without being in game rhythm and all of a sudden you're thrown back into the fire
and you're gonna have to make up all these games so the the three-day breaks throughout the course
of this season that you thought you might have had, gone-zos.
Now you're playing every other day.
So things will be interesting as they play out.
And for a Blues team who, like you said, really does need to step it up,
tough news with Robert Thomas.
I think he broke his hand or his thumb.
Yeah, so I mean that's four to six weeks when you lose one of your top players.
It's a weird time, and I think you do mention a little bit of the defensive struggles.
We'll also see in how well Petrangelo has played for Vegas.
It is, I think, probably a little tough for Blues fans to deal with what's going on right now.
And just shout out to Kemper.
He's trying to go.
His next win is his 100th career win.
We've talked about how good he's looked.
And I think that the sky's the limit.
You're only going to see this guy continue to improve.
Yeah, not a ton of games in that division this week to break down.
The Kings did play three games.
Unfortunately for them, they lost all three.
That's a team they come out.
I thought they had some spunk earlier.
They didn't win a ton of games, but they were in every game.
They were playing tough.
But you wonder if the wheels are going to fall off there.
But either way, you rattle off three, four in a row.
You're right back in the thick of these races.
So, all right, boys, any other notes in the West?
Like I said, it was a quiet week there.
There wasn't much going on with all the COVID shit.
Yeah, they kind of got beat down by what's going on.
So we can move on from that division.
But I do think, like we've mentioned all along,
Vegas and Colorado are just so heads and shoulders above every other team there.
Yep, and it was at Vegas, Colorado
tied with 15 points apiece, although
Vegas does have two games in hand.
And St. Louis has 15 points, too,
so I know it's not panic
time by any means, but I don't think they've looked great.
No.
Alright, moving over to
the East, this is another division. They've had more
postponements due to COVID-19.
New Jersey and Buffalo didn't play since our last show.
They basically had to go into COVID protocol.
Buffalo, they're just so bad.
They just told them to stop playing games.
Fake cough, fake cough.
Yeah, Ralph Kruger tested positive.
There are eight Sabres in protocol right now.
New Jersey has 17 players in protocol. And again, that doesn't meanuger tested positive. There are eight Sabres in protocol right now. New Jersey has 17 players in protocol.
And, again, that doesn't mean anyone's positive.
It's just the situation that they're in where they can't be around people.
So, yeah, again, another division that was affected.
But I think, boys, we've got to talk about David Pasternak.
He returns to the Bruins after hip surgery.
Put up five goals, three assists in four games, including the Hattrick versus Philly.
I mean, this guy went obviously duh, but he put this kind of line up.
It's not a shot of adrenaline.
It's like five shots of adrenaline.
Yeah, and surprisingly, I mean, that's a tough surgery to come back from.
You thought there might be a little bit of rust, like just right away,
off the bat, the skills around the net, the ability to like
he had the first goal in that Philly game.
He walked maybe Goss' bear.
I don't remember exactly who it was.
But just this silky move where it's like he stops up.
He's got his head up the entire time.
He's able to like put it through your triangle.
Put it through your legs.
He's so slippery.
And then he never has any panic moments.
Like around the net, there's a D-man sliding at him.
You just see him wait out so many different players
that he's just always able to like get shots off he also comes down he'll change
that angle we talk about matthew's doing it like changing the angle by this much i'm showing you
the length of my hose it's one and a half inch it just creates a lane where you can get shots
through and all of a sudden it's like defensemen are backing up even more because they don't want
to get beat so uh marshawn been awesome. That team looks good.
I know we, like, dogged them early on at the beginning,
but the Bruins look like they're right there again.
I got to shout out, as much as I dogged and maybe questioned the defense,
these guys have looked good.
Lazon and Zaborl, is that how you say it?
Right?
They've had moments where they look solid,
and I think McAvoy's had a great start to his year,
and getting Gryzly back only helps them so Kevin Miller's made a big difference in terms of like physicality
and being tough to play against and replacing Chara but they look great uh Philly looks good
too that whole division I don't know Washington fuck up by me I've been all over that um but they
could not get the goaltending that you mentioned earlier in the show biz because they got out to
a lead Ovechkin had four points against them, and still they got pounded 7-4.
So that was a weird game.
That was quite the game for Ove, talking about Pasternak's dangles coming down.
How about Ove between the legs?
He still got it.
Even that shot, he was basically right at the blue line
when he ended up scoring that goal off the post and in.
He was basically right at the blue line when he ended up scoring that goal off the post and in.
But fuck, man, the high-flying offense of really all those teams.
I know we always talk about Kevin Hayes.
People give a shit.
And I've tried to bring up Joel Farabee as much, BU guy that's looked great.
But another Hockey East alum, New Hampshire, James Van Riems, like, whoa, what a start.
And this guy, very similar to the way Pavelski plays in terms of in front of the net, he's getting sticks on everything. He's got 18 points
in 13 games right now. So I think there's been times where JVR has like, you know, you hear his
name in trade rumors and there's times when like the fans get on him a little bit, but this season
he's come to play and he's so good in front of the net. He's so good down low that he's made a
huge difference in a sense that they have the depth up front they have so much depth that they scratch
connect me one game where vigno is talking about being responsible you know defensively and
offensively and not just cheating towards the offensive side of the puck and he's three scratch
connect me he was a great player and you see what he's able to accomplish so they do have the ability
to like kind of shuffle guys in and out of the lineup. So I just think there's
so much talent in Philly. They're going to be right there
at the end of the year. And I think them, Boston
and Washington are the class of that division.
Yeah. I would
bet the over if you're betting a
Philly game, man. It's like every game they're putting up
a five-piece.
And also, too, we've got to mention Sean Couturier.
He returned to the lineup. And you feel like the lineup
just got more swagger with him in it.
He was unbelievable.
He's just a force out there.
He had two goals and an assist.
Scott Lawton had the hat trick on Sunday, and the 7-4 went over the caps.
But Couturier, man, like, you know, we just talked about pasta, what he does to a lineup.
Couturier, he does a similar thing, more on the defensive side.
But that team is just a different team with him in the lineup.
Oh, I couldn't agree more.
Selke, Selke.
Yeah.
You're talking about a guy who every year is considered one of the top two-way players in the whole league.
And the Caps, yeah, they've been struggling a little bit.
I mean, yeah, they're only with three points back of the first place,
but they've lost three in a row.
Their goaltender, Samsonov, he's still out with COVID.
Not sure exactly when he's going to be back.
You've got to think it's this week if the other Russians have been back in the lineup.
Actually, this is a pretty cool story out of New York.
New York Ranger Anthony Beteto, 30-year-old defenseman.
He's from Island Park, New York, which is on Long Island,
just outside of Brooklyn or Queens, I believe.
He grew up a Rangers fan.
He scored his first goal as a Ranger in his first goal in his last three seasons the other night.
I don't know if you guys caught it.
It was a beauty.
Pretty cool moment.
Yeah, it was a real cool moment.
I mean, you know, guys at that stage of the game,
you probably, you know, late 20s,
I'm never going to play for the Rangers at any point in his life.
And he gets out there.
And people think because you're on Long Island, he's an Islanders fan.
But no, he pitches them as a kid, as a Ranger.
So that was a pretty cool moment.
Oh, I like him even more.
He was pretty fired up.
And you saw the celebration was cool
because you could tell how much it meant to the guys to see him score and like you said biz it was a beauty he had the patience come to
the middle of the ice i think he'll admit it was a complete muffin off his backhand but even to get
in there with the with the movie made it was pretty sick so sometimes that benefits you right
there when it comes off the backhand like a muffin oh yeah the old change up yep yeah third third
correct talk for potato so congrats to him.
That was a cool scene.
All right, boys.
Speaking of Rangers,
we're going to throw
it to former Ranger
captain Ryan Callahan
shortly.
But first,
insurance can be
complicated,
and that's why
The Zebra was created.
When you use
thezebra.com,
insurance finally feels
like it's in black
and white.
No more confusion,
just honest rates
from real companies.
The Zebra is the
nation's leading insurance comparison site for car and home insurance. They can help you save
money today and it's so easy. You go to thezebra.com, answer a few questions to compare accurate
insurance quotes for free. And don't worry, the Zebra protects your personal information
and make sure there are no hidden fees or surprises along the way. The best part, you can secure your insurance from TheZebra.com or over the phone with one
of their licensed insurance agents. So simple. How much money can you save on your car or home
insurance? Visit TheZebra.com slash checklets. That's T-H-E-Z-E-B-R-A.com slash checklets,
Z-E-B-R-A.com slash checklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S
for your insurance in black and white.
Definitely want to check that stuff out.
Oh, fuck. I thought you were going to be done with it.
I was going to say, since we were talking about the Rangers,
I don't know if you guys saw Truba,
who was trying to pull off the reverse hit on Malkin coming in,
and Malkin gave him the fake and just stole the puck,
and Truba ended up falling over.
So that was a clip that ended up going viral
as well as one that Grinelli ended up bringing back up.
When I was playing for the Manchester Monarchs,
the Hartford Wolfpack, who are the New York Rangers farm team,
the referee had signaled them to start the shootout.
And this is going back to the year we ended up winning the Calder Cup.
So normally the ref blows a whistle to signal for the goalie to be ready. the shootout and this is going back to the year we ended up winning the color cup so he uh normally
the ref blows the whistle to signal for the goalie to be ready so the player he must have signaled
the player to go and our goalie is staring down at the ice waiting you were in that game i was on
the bench watching this happen the clip that i just saw yesterday the clip that you just saw
yesterday oh my god who missed it who missed that i i don't know who it was but uh we're yelling
from the bench because you can see that he's not ready.
And all of a sudden, the player comes down.
The player finally puts his head up, and our goalie is still staring straight down at the ice.
And he puts one right off his fucking pad.
He had the whole net.
He had the whole five hole.
He could have went right.
On the ice.
He could have passed it.
He could have skated it into the net.
He rips it off his pad. And then he stops, and he's like. He looks at the ice. He could have passed it. He could have skated it into the net. He rips it off his pad.
And then he stops and he's like.
He looks at the ref.
He's like, what the fuck is going on?
Yeah, the ref's like, don't blame me, dude.
I just gave you a free top.
Oh, my God.
So a couple of viral clips that are going off that division
and the old one that kind of made me chuckle a little bit.
We were in the locker room after losing it um and before yeah that that was i actually laughed seeing that on
twitter and before we go to callahan i i did forget to mention that today so yesterday for you guys
it marks the three-year anniversary from the letter the infamous letter that the rangers season
ticket holders were sent where it was just like we are going to try to basically rebuild and
since then you know they've signed Panera
and they've drafted first overall, second overall.
And, you know, a little bit of slow starts for Capococco and Lafreniere.
But like we always mention, you're so young, doesn't need to happen right away.
So I think that Rangers fans, as disappointed as they were three years ago yesterday,
they're pretty fired up right now in the direction of the team.
And I know the season hasn't got off the way they hope,
but still it's way different than the tone when that letter
was sent. So one of the guys that
played a key role in the success the Rangers had
for a long time was Ryan Callahan. We appreciate
him joining us. We'll go to him right now.
Well, we'd like to
welcome our next guest to the show.
This hard-nosed winger officially announced his
retirement from pro hockey in December.
One of the top two-way forwards during his
playing days, he played in 878 total NHL games in a 13-season career,
split between the New York Rangers and Tampa Bay Lightning.
He also suited up for Team USA on the international stage numerous times.
Thanks a bunch for joining us.
Ryan Callahan, how's it going, man?
Good, boys. Thanks for having me on.
Our pleasure, our pleasure.
Congrats on the retirement first off.
What are you doing to keep busy these days?
A little bit of everything. Three kids at at home a little bit crazy with them but uh you know last year obviously i was under contract with audio ottawa but had a had a bit
of taste of retirement not playing so i was in florida i played a lot of golf and now i'm back
in rochester and staring at the snow so i'm wondering what i'm doing it's fucking snowing
every single day in rochester new New York at this time of year.
It's like, oh, another eight inches.
Oh, shit.
How old are your kids, Callie?
Eight, six and three.
Boys, girls, they playing hockey?
No.
First two are girls.
I got a figure skater and a horseback rider and then rolled the dice one more time and I got my boy.
So there we go.
Nice.
Get that outdoor rink going at some point.
I know, right?
So we met a long time ago, but last time I saw you was,
I think your first trip working at NHL Network,
and it might have been my last.
We just overlapped.
Have you still been doing that or NBC Sports?
What's been going on for media-wise?
Yeah, I'm going to do the NHL Network again.
Actually, I'm there monday monday through thursday and then i'm also gonna do the nbc as well so i enjoyed
doing it gave it a shot last year was it's fun to do kept me in the game kept me involved kept
me watching hockey which is the biggest thing and uh it's been fun did that grab your attention
more so than maybe coaching or being a scout? Yeah, to be honest, last year, because I was under contract,
I really couldn't do anything with a team.
And kind of that's where I originally thought I would do is hook on with a team
and be maybe on the management side of things.
Coaching I really had no interest in just because the amount of time
you're looking at a computer at the rink.
So I knew I wanted to stay involved.
And then NHL network called and was like
hey you know do you want to come on and and see how you like it so i gave it a shot and i really
enjoyed it and decided to again this year we've talked to a bunch of guys and it's so true like
no man not many people understand assistant coaches are watching i don't know five hours
of video a day it's just it's it's non-stop so to start thinking about like bus
rides and flights where you're just on the computer i don't think so yeah just you see it
like you said you see every day that they're there way before you are leave way after you are
staring at a computer you talk to assistant coaches and they seem just miserable half the time right
so like they always yawn and sleep bloodshotshot eyes. Yeah. Breath smells like coffee.
I'm like, I'm good.
Mike, you'll be like a wit.
Mike wants to see you again.
Mike Terry.
I'm like, oh, fuck you.
You're always giving me the bad news.
But a New York kid who ended up playing in the OHL.
Biz said he battled against you when you were in Guelph.
You guys had some great teams, and you played with some great players.
You saw Drew Doughty come into the OHL.
You played with Martin St-Pierre, who I think he did most of his damage in the KHL,
but he was a junior legend.
You played with Dan Girardi as well.
Yeah, we had some really good teams in Guelph.
Cam Jansen, St-Pierre, Dan Paillet. as well yeah we had we had some really good teams in guelph uh cam jansen uh saint pierre dan pie
um you know dan gerardi kevin klein went through there as well i mean we had some some pretty
stacked teams it's kind of funny how i ended up there i mean obviously everybody usually goes
the college route be in the u.s but um when those first offers came around for scholarships nobody
nobody offered me anything um and then that's when i had to make my decision if I was going to go to the OHL or not and um truth be
told I was kind of a favor pick in the OHL uh my agent's friends with Jeff Jackson was the head
coach at the time um said I was interested in maybe going and they picked me up in the 15th round and
um no way yeah after that uh I decided to go give it a shot because no colleges wanted me at that
point they said I was more the second tier of scholarships and I kind of liked that style of
hockey the amount of games they played and I went up there and had a good camp and and luckily
attached on to the team who taught you to play like that hard-nosed style where you were known
blocking shots hitting people was like was that your dad or was that a coach when you're younger
a little bit my dad.
I think he just instilled in me and my brother as well,
just do everything you can as hard as possible,
no matter what you're doing, and take pride in your work.
In the OHL, I realized, too, that the only way I was going to get on the ice
is doing that extra little stuff when I first got into that league
because I wasn't lighting it up on the score sheet right away.
So I just wanted to get in the lineup.
And then, obviously, playing under torts as well I think he
polished it for me and realized that uh you know if I play that way consistently I could be successful
how did it get to the next level though all of a sudden you started putting up like really good
numbers in the OHL like just more of an opportunity the guys you were playing with or were these like
skill sets you were working on the offseason yeah more more just opportunity I think I think I was definitely a late bloomer don't get
me wrong um but I think it was opportunity my first coach there uh Jeff Jackson um I played
under him he taught me the defensive zone really well but then he left and Sean Camp came in and
he gave me an opportunity to play and I started playing with top players um had a good year and the next year we went to
the OHL finals we won um I was playing with Marty St. Pierre and uh Brett Trudell I don't know if
you remember that name at all yeah um and I just had a really big year and kind of caught everybody's
radar and then it went from there was Jeff Jackson uh is that the same Jeff Jackson that was the
first coach of the of the program in Ann Arbor? Had an ISU coach at Lake State?
Yep, now he's at Notre Dame, I believe.
Yeah, that guy's been doing it forever.
Forever, yeah, yeah.
So, yeah, he was my first coach.
How much did Dustin Brown impact that too?
Because he has a pretty similar style of play.
He's a bit of a pit bull in there.
He is, he is.
And I, you know, had him in Guelph as well.
I forgot about him.
He played in  I get fined. My phone's went off here.
Um, um, but yeah, he's, he's kind of that same style, you know,
it's a hard nose, bigger guy and, you know, played hard.
So he was easy to guy to watch when I was in Guelph.
Was he selling you magic tricks back in junior member?
He was like David Blaine of the OHL. Wait,
I don't know if you'd ever seen
world juniors he was i made him do stuff to me the whole tournament it was nuts
yeah he did he loved his he loved his magic it was it's kind of interesting but yeah he loved it
ryan you get drafted after your second season at well fourth round 127th overall did you have
any expectations going the draft given that you couldn't even get a scholarship bar for a couple
years before that yeah no i was eligible for the draft the year before um no takers nothing
um obviously I didn't have much of a year that year I wasn't playing a ton in the O
um and my agent advised me not to not to go to the draft um you know he said he's seen enough
kids sit through the draft and not get picked up and I knew I wasn't going to be a first or
second rounder so I sat at home uh watched it on the computer and waited for the phone call.
And, you know, luckily it was the New York Rangers,
which is absolutely wild to even think about growing up in New York.
I was a Sabres fan, but you're always a New York Rangers fan too,
being from New York State.
So you're a part of Bill's Mafia.
Are you still in mourning after the big loss last week or what?
No, I'm not. I'm okay with that.
I was cheering for him. I'd love to see him? No, I'm not. I'm okay with that. I was cheering for him.
I'd love to see him win, but I'm not jumping through any tables anytime soon.
Good.
We don't need you snapping your ankle in half.
Yeah.
I've had enough injuries.
Looks good on Instagram at least.
Oh, man.
So you left  actually, no, before I get out of Guelph,
what was your first thoughts on Drew Doughty?
I mean, was your last year in junior was his first? Correct. Yeah. It was wild right from camp. And me and my dad
still talk about, I remember calling my dad, you know, his first couple of days of camp. And I'm
like, we got this kid, Drew Doughty, and he is going to be unbelievable. Just his talent, his
confidence, the way he could skate and move out there. It was, I didn't see anything like it,
you know, up to that point. So I knew right away that, you know, he was going to be good. He was a goofy young kid and, you know, he was still how he is now, really.
He never shuts up.
And, you know, as a 16-year-old coming in, you can imagine how I felt as a vet.
But always chatting, never shut up on the bus, everything.
So, but yeah, I mean, pretty good scouting was was not hard to miss though he
was he was good right from the start when you did join the Rangers Yarmir Yaga was still there
putting up a point per game I mean was he just in full-on rock star mode practicing when he wanted
doing what he wanted back then oh he was he was amazing he was a funny thing about uh about Yag
so we'd go out for practice and this is my first couple practices with the team just getting called
up right so I'd go out there and where everybody this is my first couple of practices with a team just getting called up. Right.
So I'd go out there and everybody gets called over to the board.
Tom Rennie is the coach at the time. So he's sitting there drawn on the board.
And I look over to my right and Yag is sitting on the bench, his chin straps undone, looking
completely the other way, not paying attention to the drill at all.
Right.
And he's drinking out of this, this water bottle.
And I see stuff hanging out of the water bottle.
I'm like, what the hell is that?
So that goes on.
Drill starts.
And I go over.
And I kind of look at his water bottle.
He's still a young guy.
I don't want anybody to see I'm doing it.
And he's got tea bags in his water.
So he's drinking hot tea, sitting on the bench as the coach is going over drills.
And I'm like, what is going on here?
But that's how he ran and you never really
seen him in practice either like you know go hard or you know really really hard or you know
full out and I always thought to myself what's going on and I talked to a couple guys I'm like
you know what's what's going on with the ox like well when we're all done here and we all go back
to the city he drives back at nighttime they open up the training center for him. He practices by himself.
He works out by himself and that's when he gets his real work in.
And I was like, Holy shit. You know,
all the things that he's accomplished and he's still going back to the rink
at nine o'clock at night and working out. It's pretty nuts.
That first year you spent most of the year in Hartford.
Was it a situation where you kind of expected that or,
or during training camp, was there a chance you were going to make the club?
Zero chance.
Okay.
Yeah.
They were a veteran team.
They were.
I knew that.
And I'd even play in the blue white game that year.
I remember sitting out and watching me and me and Rick,
me and Rick Kozak sat there and watched, watched the blue white game.
I remember that and thinking to myself like, Oh, man, like, what am I doing?
You know, what's going to happen, right?
So I went down to Hartford, went through camp there.
I was health bombed for first three games in Hartford.
What?
Yeah.
Jesus.
And I didn't know what was, you know, going on, what was going to happen.
And Jim Schoenfeld was the coach there in Hartford who was unbelievable with me. I owe so much to him. And he got me back in the lineup,
played, played me a ton, put me on a power play. And, you know, I just started rolling,
started putting up points, had a really big year, put a lot of goals up that year and started
getting called up and down. And eventually I finished, finished the season with New York and playoffs.
Jim Schoenfeld got a shout out, have another pig, you fat donut.
One of the greatest all-time coach referee arguments.
But have another donut, you fat pig.
What did I say?
Have another pig, you fat donut?
Yeah, you said the opposite, you idiot.
What a loser.
Well, hey, either way, I got to ask about a guy in Hartford,
and it's Nigel Dawes.
Who's gone on to be the greatest player in KHL history besides Mosey
Akin. Do you think if now, if it was nowadays,
he would have played this long in the NHL, like what,
what was going on there where he's been so great over there and maybe now he
doesn't come back for a reason, but he had to go over there at one point.
Yeah, that's a great question. I don't know why he never, he stuck I mean you're right he's unbelievable talent good shot um you know a lot of guys like that you
look at him like well you know they're not good defensively or the complete liability where he
wasn't you know he he was he was fine in the defensive zone and um I don't know it's it's
a guy that you scratch your head about another one like we mentioned before is the Saint Pierre
right you know how did he ever how didn't he ever make it?
His stick was too long.
Stick way too long.
He actually got me using a longer stick.
I used a really long stick, and it was because of him.
He used Charalank's stick, this guy, on the ice with.
Had you ever played against him?
I played against him a bunch of times, and he was in Norfolk,
and then I saw him in Russia.
His stick was longer than mine, and I think he's 5'10".
Easily, yeah.
It was wild how long his stick was.
There would have been coaches, actually, I'm guessing,
who were like, hey, cut your stick,
and maybe he just stuck to his guns.
But you had to think that would have helped him
to have it a little bit shorter.
Maybe I'm wrong, and he wouldn't even be half the player he was.
I don't know.
He seemed to do all right with the long stick, of points and things he put up he should have another pig
he's a fat donut hey I just want to go back quickly you said you were a health bomb at the
blue and white game no offense uh you know didn't get a scholarship offer like had had these
situations created a chip on your shoulder throughout or you know what was your mindset
at the time did you not even think of the fact that you kind of kept getting like shriveled
huge chip I made a huge chip on my shoulder I've you know that pride and everything got hit so hard
and that was part of the reason I think I did so well is I want to prove everybody wrong um
you know I looked at it two ways either you sulk and you feel bad for yourself or literally stick
up a middle finger to everybody and say you know watch me go out there and do it then.
You know, and that's kind of what I carry throughout my whole career.
Even even in my last year in Tampa, really, I was getting health bombed.
You know, the last couple of games are health bombed playoffs.
And then I get in for a game and I ended up putting points in those last couple of games I had just because I had that same mentality.
It's probably some of the best hockey I've played that last couple of years
was those last games just because I had that mentality of, fuck you.
I belong in this lineup.
Looking back, I think it helped me definitely.
That's awesome.
I think that's what just made you  it was like every night you know
what you're going to get from the guy.
All coaches want is consistency, I think, for the most part.
But after the first year, you got called up to New York and you finished the year in
playoffs well that summer they made that huge splash that's what they signed uh Chris Drury
and Gomez I think it was that summer so you must have been like oh shit you know like that there's
two forwards I mean were you worried going into that season I'll be honest I wasn't I mean they
they they signed those two guys um two centermen kind of'll be honest. I wasn't. I mean, they, they, they signed those two guys,
two centermen kind of top six guys that I didn't think I was competing with
or, you know, gonna, gonna have to fight against for a spot.
So I felt pretty comfortable going into that year after the playoffs I had and
everything else. And after about eight games,
I think I had maybe had one goal. I, I hurt my knee.
And I came back and I went with like 24
games without a point just struggling couldn't couldn't do anything right and I was going to the
rink going to the rink every day just just waiting for someone to knock him I don't be like you know
you're getting sent down and um eventually they did they they sent me down it's funny actually so
they were at the garden we're playing at the garden I got healthy scratch that night and they're like
after the game you're going down so I'm like okay so i'm sitting there watching the game we end up losing
seven to eight nothing right so i'm in back of my head i'm like you know maybe maybe they're gonna
keep me around sure enough they call me in the office you're staying right we're going we were
going on a road trip he's like we're gonna bring you on the road trip so i'm like done perfect so
you got another chance here what about i ended up playing two more games um i remember about that road trip
too i lost the credit card game we all know the credit card game back to back nights oh my god
what the next day i get called in and get sent down oh my goodness i'd clear the desk
he's gonna have a stroke right now i'm thinking of that to back back to back so ruthless
so i get sent down i get to hartford or get to new york i'm driving to hartford i'm talking to
my dad on the phone right so i'm driving and he's my dad's like you know listen at least it can't
get any worse than this go down and start working sure enough it comes out of his mouth boom rock
in the windshield spiders my windshield as he says it i'm like oh my god i'm like this is brutal
how much worse can this get you're
you're eating oodles and noodles for the next two weeks of the age no couple no boo dinners you're
like yeah was the popcorn strip worth it yeah exactly we had we had gomez on the show a while
back it's safe to say the rangers got 15 million laughs out of him anyways for those two years huh
oh he was an amazing guy especially as a young guy.
He always had me at his place.
Me, Mark Stahl, Girardi.
He'd always have us over at his nice penthouse he had there in the city.
Did he make it Alaskan style inside?
Yeah, it was all decked out and decorated.
I mean, I don't know what he was doing in there,
but we had some fun nights, I'll tell you that.
I think that you got the opportunity not only to play for torts,
but you got the opportunity to get them like coming in mid season when they
fired TR Tom Renny. Now, actually I played for TR and I,
I love the guy.
I think he was like a little ahead of his time almost where he wasn't mean.
And he was very like thoughtful with guys.
And I think now that's becoming way more popular, but what a difference. ahead of his time almost where he wasn't mean and he was very like thoughtful with guys and i think
now that's becoming way more popular but what a difference it's like this rangers team under
achieving with this crazy coach i mean i'm sorry this very chill coach and renny brings in torts
what do you remember about that year and like how everything just switched yeah i remember the
veteran guys being nervous as hell when torts came in you know i and i didn't share dev yeah i was that was young i had no idea right so i was like whatever and then torts came in and it was
completely different i mean he but he but he played me which which i loved right he gave me
the opportunity he gave me a chance um you know he liked the way i played so it was definitely a
180 and then that summer we made some moves and got rid of some guys and just changed the whole
makeup of that team. And we,
we took on the identity of torts and you know,
they're calling us the black and blue shirts and everything else. And, um,
he just revamped that whole team.
And we had a lot of successful years under him.
Any funny, uh, Yager torts back and forth. So was it,
he had to understand what he was dealing with.
I think he understood. Yeah. I don't, nothing that sticks out between them two,
which is, which I guess, you know, I mean,
Torch has been around for a while at that point too.
He knows what he's dealing with.
He knows, you know, who Jagger is.
So no, nothing crazy happened there,
but a lot of Torch stories, as you guys know.
Well, you got to see when he, when he was coach,
he called you up, man.
I mean, was that an emotional moment for you?
That must've been a huge deal for you.
Yeah, it was, it was, it was, it was crazy.
So I was going through contract negotiations that summer and great New York
fashion. It's never easy negotiating with Glenn Sather.
And we were going through the ringer and getting close to arbitration.
And, you know, I remember the phone call still towards called me and he's like,
Callie,
the team wanted me to call you and ask if you would take this number.
I am thinking to myself, why is he calling me, telling me this, right.
But I'm like, no, you know, no chance I'm taking that number.
He's like, ah, good. I wouldn't fucking take it either if I were you.
But anyways, I wanted to let you know that I'm going to be naming you a
captain, you know, this upcoming year.
So you guys better figure out a deal. And I still remember that call.
And it was, it was awesome. I mean mean i had no idea that it was coming um you know what an honor to wear the sea
with that team and his words of advice were don't fuck it up and uh you know hopefully hopefully i
didn't i mean you had him for most of your time then not a coincidence i guess that those are
your most productive years as a player huh yeah there's no coincidence at all I mean he was he was awesome for me just the way I played he played the hell
out of me um every situation and it was easy to play for a guy like that you guys know he cares
so much I mean he wears his heart on his sleeve and um you know he's he's a truthful honest guy
which which I respected um you know if you were playing like shit he was going to tell
you you know and uh I respected that and he played the hell out of me all right what are some funny
moments with him I know I know at one point he he wouldn't allow guys to have cell phones in the
locker room yeah we had a what are some other yeah what were what were other crazy things that
were going on with torts his head coach uh man there's there's a lot of stories um you know
Richie Brad Richards came in that year um as well and him and torts were pretty coach uh man there's there's a lot of stories um you know richie brad richards came
in that year um as well and him and torts were pretty close so me and richie got really close
he was kind of like a little bit of a mentor to me i'd lean on him because you know i was wearing
the c and he's kind of been through it all he's won a stanley cup and and so this one day me and
richie are the practice rink we're sitting in uh sitting in the locker room it's just me and him
sitting there taping our sticks or whatever so torts walks in and he looks at us both and you could tell from torts's face if
you know what kind of mood he's in right away right so he he looks at richie he goes richie
what the fuck is all the potions in your chain stall i mean we kind of look at each other like
potions like the potions he's like what are the potions doing in your chain stall and richie's
like why are you going through my chain stall and And they're going back and forth. And he keeps saying potions,
these pills, right? So it's protein shakes and vitamins and things like that, right? So Richie
won't answer him at all. All he keeps saying is, why are you going through my chain stall? Did you
honestly just walk through my chain stall, right? So Schwartz is losing. He's like, oh, you know,
that's your problem. You got to, you stop doing all this stuff, clear your your head and he turns around and he walks out right so we're dying laughing right so fast
forward like two weeks we're at msg and i'm in uh the main room with richie again torts walks through
and we always used to do this so i go to torts i'm like hey do you know richie didn't take any
of that stuff out of his stall he's still taking it i'm like it's bugging him i know it's affecting
his player right so torts right away flips the switch richie you gotta you gotta take that stuff out of your
stall just stirring it right just stirring it up richie richie's hitting me he's like come on so
he's on him and all of a sudden richie flips the script real quick he's like he's like kelly
he's like torts do you know that uh kelly's having a baby during playoffs right
attention directly towards me he goes without missing a beat he goes he goes callie
i missed the birth of both my kids turns around and he walks out i'm like oh my god here we go
i had anxiety the rest of the year that i was gonna have a baby during playoffs but uh but yeah
but that's i mean we had fun with him he you know he he was a passionate guy and he cared and that
was a big part of it that is there's nothing more old school than coaches I've heard of a couple coaches kind of
getting on guys about having kids in season where it's like that's that's where that's where it's
gotten now like it's like okay yeah maybe that was a little bit psycho about hockey you know yeah
yeah but he was uh yeah he was he was a good he was a good coach I loved playing for him I was
uh grilling Girardi for questions,
and he said that you had a lot of crazy pregame rituals.
Just was it superstition?
What was it?
Yeah, just superstition routine.
I think like everybody else, right?
You know, same thing.
I would go through your day, and everything's the same.
Who's he talking about rituals?
He's going right back at him.
Are you kidding me?
He's the most OCD guy ever. Is Girardi all OCD with that stuff oh he's terrible he lines up his shin pads his
pants so we always used to take his stuff and move it like i'd move his skate just like a centimeter
and me and stalls he would watch him walk in and readjust everything and he was the he was the
worst with that stuff yeah maybe he went on the offense as far as that maybe yeah he knew i'd bring it up maybe that was a great group of guys there i mean mark stall still in detroit but
you know as everyone gets older and gerardi retired it's like you guys had a that was a
super close team and then nash came in as well nobody's ever said a bad word about him it's
it's looking back playing those rangers teams it wasn't easy and msg the way that place we
got going it's still my favorite spot to play.
Yeah. We had some really good teams. Like you said,
we're tough to play against too. I think what's the biggest thing.
And then we had Gabbert come in as well. He had some really big years there.
Yeah. That place is awesome. I loved playing there.
Hank would be the only guy we haven't talked about who, Oh my God.
Talk about a celebrity star. He, you king of msg man well the best
is hank used to come on the airplane with his full suit and tie on buttoned up we had an eight
hour flight and you have a suit and tie the whole time completely done so he's he's on 24 7 i mean
yeah he doesn't shit he doesn't even shit no chance he doesn't smell he doesn't shit he takes
his gear off puts his suit on doesn't stink i mean he's he's the real deal no he's like i have this special shower i'm not
showering in that thing yeah you guys got to do some real cool stuff like playing for the rangers
you guys used to do that casino night you like some pretty like elegant shit it's like a gala
isn't it yeah it was that was that was wild that was a casino night was a lot of fun and another thing we did which was awesome and i was forget what year it was we
went on letterman um a bunch of us and we actually got to carry down madonna down on hockey sticks
through the through the crowd and onto the stage so we're all doing that so we're getting ready
madonna's trying to climb up on these hockey sticks and we're all carrying her you know like
she's a greek goddess or whatever so as she's getting up she goes she goes guys i want you to close your eyes
i'm not wearing any underwear right and all of us when does she tell her i was on the r with crabs
for two weeks you'd fucking madonna she's on me is messier still around here like i don't know
he's been gone for 10 years now did oh didn't they have a
fling for a little bit yeah i think so yeah already brought that back on early 90s i think
back to like the time we got to play together in the olympics and you and chris drury just
the best penalty killing duo you ever could imagine and like did you make that team right
in the summer like i didn't know i i mean i made it because paul martin got injured or did you know right away you were on the team um i i got i found out maybe a week before
it was announced and i think i think a lot of it was due to torts i mean as you know he was my
promoter when i was there as well uh and then and then i basically just penalty killed with drew
that was me and you sat in the middle of the bench and where the book ends and
remember my meat laps oh yeah you kidding me remember when torts used to
come down and slap me on the back and tell me to go out there for a skate so it'd be a tv timeout
right so me and winter sitting there just watching the game tv timeout and he'd come and slap me on
the back right so hit me in the back and like go out there and take a lap so the first couple
times we're like no it's embarrassing i'm not i'm not going out there and taking a lap this is the olympics right i did it my whole career so you come out you did it
again so eventually i get over the boards and i go take a lap so it got to the point that wit uh
bugsy see me go out there bobby ryan would bobby ryan they start yelling meat lap meat lap and i'm
like oh my god this is the worst right so eventually i was proactive about it
announcing myself before i climbed over meat lap you know that was uh he comes in the room he's
like hey you're playing in the kids game between periods here all right exactly you and what you
and we're gonna lace them up for the 10 bits let's go let's fucking set the referee the u.s
canada mini mic game at intermission he He's fighting in the... You guys are
resting in the sumo outfit.
Gotta get more competitive
between periods here. Let's get our heads into it.
So a good one about that, actually.
So it was a gold medal game.
Third period, I didn't have one shift,
right? So I became a spectator.
We were all excited when we scored. We tied it up.
I remember being in the room and looking around and be like,
holy cow, I got a chance to win a gold gold medal my head is completely out of the game right
not thinking about a thing you know just just enjoying the moment so i always went out before
the game started or before the period and sat out in the hallway you know like ritual as you went
back to my ritual so i'm sitting there in the hallway same thing not thinking anything at all
sudden torts comes up to me and goes hey kelly you're gonna you and drew are gonna be taking the defensive zone draws blank face oh pardon blood blood rushing through my leg
i couldn't even feel my legs at that point my back hurt you know i'm like oh my god just started
doing jumping jack squats anything i couldn't get going i think i ended up getting out there for one
shift that was you know biz length 10 seconds long took the draw got it
out and ran off the ice as fast as I could but I was like oh my god there's a worse feeling ever
it's exciting to play but I remember uh he said to me keep the boys loose I mean everyone knew I
wasn't playing a shift but I can honestly say like at that point in my career like I did not want a
shift in overtime I was like like, Nope. Absolutely.
I'd already,
I would already been the cost of a goal in the first period of the second
period,
like Perry scored.
I remember being like,
please God don't somehow make me go out there.
Cause it was petrifying.
He tells you guys to keep the boys loose.
You're doing like the simple Jack skit in the locker room before overtime
starts.
Callahan was putting the face paint on the hallway with the finger ready to hop out in the locker room before overtime starts callahan was putting the face paint on
the hallway with the foam finger ready to hop out in the wipe section and i was eating the face paint
d zone what exactly yeah i think you and uh you and bugsy kept the room loose there's no question
there you guys were what was bugsy doing in there just shitting on me oh you guys were just a
comedian show the whole time holy cow and then orp like was just like these two clouds because he was always with us in pit but he's like
oh that that was the craziest best two weeks ever i fucking always think back to vancouver just being
open 24 7 oh that was awesome that was that was unbelievable complete opposite from what i
experienced in sochi but yeah vancouver was Cal, you mentioned Channy a few minutes ago.
He was a guy that's still in New York, still playing, still producing too.
A couple of years late in his career, he had over 20 goals.
I know he was your favorite player growing up.
Was that kind of your first real pinch yourself moment?
You're in a locker room, sharing a locker room with Brendan Shanahan?
Yeah, 100.
As you say, he was my favorite player growing up.
Had a poster of him on my wall, you know, walking in.
I remember when I first walked in, I think it was one of my first call-ups you know he came over it was probably my first call if he
come over and introduces himself hey you know Brendan Shanahan I'm thinking to myself like
buddy no shit there's no shit but you're on my wall growing up I know who you are
but uh but yeah he was great with the young guys too I remember he took uh it was me and Girardi
or me and uh Mark Stahl out We went to Barney's for lunch and
to buy a new overcoat. Cause they were on me about my overcoat. I needed to get a new overcoat. So
I'm like, Oh, you know, I'll go. I think this is pretty cool. Right? So we go into Barney's,
we get lunch, we sit down in the change room and I've never experienced anything like this before.
Right? So they offer me a beer as I'm sitting there. I'm like, okay, you know, I'll have a
beer. So we're trying on different coats. I'm like, man, this is, this is it. I've made it, you know, this is the show. This is the show. I've
finally, I've finally made it here. Brennan Shanahan, we're trying coats on. And, and I don't
know what, I probably shouldn't assume this, but I'm thinking in the back of my head, like he's
inviting me out here. He's going to, you know, he wants to get us a coat, right? So I'm not looking
at prices or anything. Right. So I've tried it on. Like, he's like, yeah, that one looks nice to get
that one. I'm like, yeah, okay. You know, I'll I'll get it so I go over we're cashing out three grand I'm like
who you know I've been on AHL salary this whole time and I can't say anything at this point I
I gotta pony up and spend the dough on it right so I was sure enough signed the check I remember
walking on there I'm like oh man never never again see you tomorrow yeah see you tomorrow
imagine like just being inside your head you're like uh shannon you you covered this yeah exactly
like wait a minute where are you going the bill hasn't been paid the bill has been paid why are
you leaving like but three grand for this overcoat i'm like oh my god never again Do you want to keep this triple fat goose you walked in with too? Yeah.
Yeah.
And I also want to bring up a moment.
You had your leg broken by Zidane O'Chara in a game.
You know, you still stayed out there, still playing.
Did you know it was actually broken and you just power throw it
or is just adrenaline taking over in a situation like that?
Yeah, it was just adrenaline.
I mean, obviously it hurt, felt bad.
I had no idea it was broken.
I got back to the bench and Torts wanted to throw me out there again for, for the
empty netter. Right. And I was waiting for somebody to change. I was going to try to go back out there,
but I hope thankfully we got the empty net goal or whatever had me, I didn't go back out, but I
didn't know. I had no idea it was broken, just felt like another block shot. And then sure enough,
you know, x-rays came back and it wasn't good but
kind of a cool moment there and i mean i've always respected zidane ochara huge but he called uh
marion gabrick who was a team teammate at the time and apologized for you know hitting me with
the shot and i'm like you know he obviously doesn't have to apologize i'm the idiot who
stepped in front of it but uh you know big z is just such a class act oh that is a nice gesture that's unreal um listen i've
been holding this one in since we started this how long after marshall licked your face could
you eventually like laugh about it at the fact that that he licked your face it's probably after
the game yeah yeah that's pretty i was i was i was i was shocked it was shock you know what i mean
like people are like, Oh,
you know, how did you know? How didn't you get on? Did you go after him? I'm like, I'll be honest.
I was in shock. I don't know. I have no idea what just happened, you know? So I, if you look at the
video, I try to grab them. I needed shoulder surgery at the end of the year. So my right
shoulder was pretty much like taped to my side. So if it's like an awkward, be like trying to
claw at his face awkwardly, I couldn't lift my arm up but i was
just in complete shock i'm like this guy just licked my face you know and then after the game
my phone just blew up with you know everybody pictures and licking my face i'm like this is
the worst but yeah you just you know he just he just blacked out he's like what do i do i'm too
close i'll lick him.
But I heard there was a lot of turmoil in the Bruins' room a little bit about it.
So I'll take it.
It was playoffs.
People were pissed about that.
Like, there was a lot of people.
Like, that was just so over the line.
Like, punch him in the face.
Don't lick him.
Yeah, I'd rather get speared in the face than that.
I could probably respect that a little bit more. But then I remember after the game, I was trying to get him suspended,
but that didn't work either.
I was going to ask you, so you laugh about it,
and then you're like, I got to beef this up,
because we could potentially use this to our advantage
by getting him sussy for a game.
100.
Oh, my God, that's classic.
Did you talk to any of the coaches or anybody about it before you did it,
or you just thought on your own? No, i was in the training room coaches came in uh our pr guy
came in and i'm like listen i'm gonna i'm gonna try to get him suspended like i'm like i'm gonna
say it's spitting in my face gross misconduct like should be should be throwing could at least
get a game out of this put him in jail disgusted like it doesn't you can argue it's worse than
spitting and it's the same as spitting in
your face it really is and to that point i was trying to get it some set suspended but it is i
mean it you know so then that's what i said in my interview too i'm like what's the difference
between spitting in my face and licking it i'm like it could be worse so but it was playoffs
and there's no chance they're suspending them it was kind of quickly though you we just that was
in tampa but i wanted to go over when you were traded. I think it was right around the deadline. And, you know, Captain New York Rangers just totally had no clue. Or had you been hearing rumblings? Like, how did that whole day go down?
to reach an agreement. I mean, both sides, honestly, to blame, you know, I came in high,
they were in low. And to be honest, that, that whole year, it, it, it turned ugly. You know, the negotiations turned, turned really ugly and it was, it was awful. You know, I didn't,
it was probably the most least fun I had in a year just because everything that was going on
behind the scenes. And we actually reached an agreement on money and then they wouldn't give me a no
move or no trade. And at that point with the amount of stuff that was going on,
they've already threatened to trade me to every other team at that point.
They've tried to let me negotiate with other teams at that point. You know,
there was no way I was signing a deal and, you know,
sign that deal and all of a sudden you're shipped out to somewhere you don't
want to be. And then with, with no protection.
And they just gave Girardi two weeks earlier, full, no trade, no move.
So I'm like, you know, this isn't, this isn't happening, you know?
So going to rink that day, I knew that I was probably going to get dealt.
Obviously it was a shock when it happened.
I was sitting in the training room and we're watching, you know,
TSN trade center and Bob McKenzie,
sure enough pops up and says Callahan has been traded for, you know,
Marty St. Louis. And then simultaneously our PR guy walked in and it's like,
Slats wants to see in the, in the lounge. So it was tough.
It was a tough conversation. It was emotional. You know,
I loved my time in New York. I, I said it during that whole time.
I didn't want to go anywhere. You know,
but it also came back to the pride thing, you know, that, you know, I've been shit on so many times throughout my career.
I earned the spot where I was.
You see them bringing in free agent after free agent and paying them, you know, like I'm the captain.
I'm the captain.
I've put my time in here.
You know, why do I have to be the one that has to take the big discount to stay here?
So, I mean, foolish pride, I guess, you know, looking back, but at the same time,
it's, you know, I felt like I deserved, deserve that and deserve the no move.
Not to mention though, sorry, but it's just quick.
It was your one, you, you had waited your chance.
This was your, this was your payday.
It's like, exactly.
Yeah.
You know, I waited my chance, waited your payday and you know, who knows when that's
going to, when that's going to come again.
So it's, uh, yeah, that was a, that was a tough year.
A lot of stuff went up behind the scenes that year that,
that were kind of nasty that, you know, led up to it.
So in the midst of it, was it ever you,
you sitting down with them and expressing your side and they were expressing
theirs, or was it always kind of like this chain of like over the agent,
agent to you, you, the agent back to them?
No, it got close. I mean, it it was phone calls 10 o'clock at night i'd
get phone calls i mean you know right from right from uh glenn say there and it was uh it got you
know agents even weren't involved at some points you know and i kept trying to push it off saying
you know call my agent i don't want to be involved in this call my agent you know because i'm trying
to worry about the year too and in the way i'm playing and why do you think do you think he's thinking that you get you to agree to something exactly yeah
yeah to get you emotionally invested emotionally invested yeah and you know you say things and
try to do things to make me sign a deal and uh you know i didn't really didn't appreciate that
i obviously wish they went through my agent and and like that, but I mean, it was part of it and then part of the negotiations.
And you know,
at the end of the day,
like,
you know,
that stuff got building up in it and put more of a chip on my
shoulder,
you know,
to,
to want to,
you know,
get that deal or whatever.
That's why your shoulder was so fucked up.
Too many fucking chips on it.
Fucking shoulders.
That's why it was like surgeries.
The little claw by the end.
Jesus Christ
spread the chips around so yeah so I ended up going to Tampa and it was I couldn't ask for a
better place than that I mean it was that was awesome we Tampa I knew was in the mix and
obviously because Marty Marty uh wanted to come to New York and and everything else but you know
earlier in that year Tampa reached out and tried to get a deal done with me.
And we couldn't come to terms on a deal.
And, you know, during this whole training thing,
we told them what we wanted.
You know, we couldn't come to terms.
So I thought Tampa was completely dead.
I didn't think that was going to happen.
And then all of a sudden it's, you know,
that's where I'm going.
So I went from that stressfulness
to wearing my flip-flops and shorts and t-shirt
and walking to the rink. So I felt like I was on vacation for three months. I was going to say,
you get to Tampa and the coach, John Cooper, he's waiting at the baggage claim for you,
like a limo driver. Did he have a little sign with your name on it? Exactly. I know. I wasn't
expecting that either coming from that stressful in this situation. And I walked down and he's
waiting for me at baggage claim, which was just a, was a huge gesture by him to come do that.
Did you, was it kind of a, like a, was there a deal signed right after the trade or would it still not until that, that summer? Still not to that summer. So, yeah. So I went
through that and you know, in my head, I was like, I'm going to free agency. I just went through that
hell, you know, there's no chance I'm not going to free agency. So as time went on in Tampa,
I saw the team we had there how talented they were what life was
like in Tampa just took in the whole thing and I'm like I don't want to go anywhere I don't think
guys you know like yeah so we uh we ended up getting a deal done and I waited I think it was
like 24 hours before I could start talking to other teams and Stevie Y started to put a little
bit of pressure on us obviously you know wanting to get the deal done before I could talk to other
teams and I'm like I've been through enough of this. I like it there.
I want to be there. The deal's good. And we, and we signed it.
No state tax.
Did you know that before going there? Oh yeah. Yeah.
Same here. You know how it is, Biz. You know, the teams have no state tax.
Right when he lost that double credit card game and got sent to the minors,
he's like, where do I not have to pay state tax someday hey uh stevie why though uh tall what a g we joke around
about him all the time in the pocket what was he like behind the scenes awesome i mean he was he
was the best i mean how you would imagine right you know he played the game did so much um it's
hard not to be starstruck by a guy like him watching him grow up as well but
uh ultimate professional easy to work with easy to talk to um and you see the team that he built
there in Tampa not too bad not too bad of a general manager either well that first year transition
the first year the new deal I mean what a team that was and you guys go all the way to the cup
finals run into Chicago but you look at the team that just got it done in Tampa I mean
so many of them were there then it was like it took them a while six years but it ended up
happening I'm sure you weren't surprised at all to see that go down no not at all I mean to be
honest I thought we should have won that series against Chicago I think we you know is that game
six game six yeah yeah we're up uh we're up 2-1 in that series we end up losing game one we lost by
a goal we outshot him by like 30 um you know even talking to some of those players like Richie and
some of the guys I know in Chicago they're like we probably didn't deserve that one you know
looking back at the series which is even tougher to handle but yeah uh but yeah we we had a good
team and then we went to two more conference finals with that team, lost to game six and a game seven of the conference finals,
you know, back-to-back years there that we could have went on.
So it was right there.
And for whatever reason, we just didn't get it done.
And last year, it seemed like everything just came together.
The way they ran through the playoffs was remarkable.
It was unbelievable.
Did it ever concern you that they would maybe gas coop
just because of the amount
of pressure and expectations and and all those years of landing short or did you just see them
sticking with him all the way through no i saw him sticking with him i mean we had too good of a team
we had good regular seasons i mean we had good playoffs you know we lose you know we were one
way win one win away two times from going back to the stanley cup finals you know so um you know i
didn't see them moving away from him at all during that 2015 Stanley Cup finals you know so um you know I didn't see
them moving away from him at all during that 2015 run uh you played a couple days after getting an
appendectomy did doctors advise against doing that or just did they say it was okay to do
yeah I mean at that point I think the team docs didn't really care what I did um you know you
were you were playing in that game it's funny I mean we were playing the New York Rangers
you know funny enough going to MSG for game one sorry game one and I'm like there's no chance I'm
missing this game you know and talking to some of the guys in New York they're like yeah you know
gee stalls you guys that I knew they're like yeah guys were talking in the room thinking you were
you weren't gonna play and we were laughing at him like Cali will be playing in the game though
you know don't worry about that but But yeah, I don't know.
I mean, like everybody else, everybody plays through injuries. It's nothing special. You hear
the stories come out after the year. And yeah, so I had to get back in there at MSG.
The year that you did get dealt, it was Kucherov's rookie year. So you got to kind of see this guy
who, I mean, forget just his ability on the ice, but off the ice, he seems like a character, like right away,
you able to tell this is a future superstar or was it just kind of like,
who knows at that point?
It was kind of a, who knows this first year,
he was kind of in and out of the lineup. I remember, um,
I was only with him for three months, but him and him and Coop didn't see eye
to eye, you know, right away. He wasn't, uh, he wasn't.
He was standoffish, right? Even as a young kid very standoffish and uh they didn't see i didn't
i didn't know what was going to happen with him you could see he was talented and he was good
um but i think that following year they got him committed a little bit more to taking a little
bit more responsibility with the puck and his confidence just grew and grew and grew and
i mean you've seen what he's turned into and then obviously i mean you didn't really see much of his
off-ice antics until after they won the Stanley Cup there.
And, oh, my God, I was dying when he had the owner, Jeff Vinnick, there,
you know, kissing him and everything else.
I was dying.
But the boys enjoyed themselves.
There's no question.
I got told by Girardi to ask you about Tony T.
Oh, boy.
Who is Tony T?
He wouldn't tell me either. Soony t is i guess my ultra eagle uh
that's what the boy the boys called me that in in uh new york it started with actually gomer
started that tony tough nuts is what it what it stands for um so how i guess i'll tell the story
how that all started was uh we're at a bar we're at some nightclub. It was my first year or my second year in the league,
Gomer's there and I'm sitting,
we got table service, right?
So we're sitting there and I'm sitting at a table
and I keep watching this girl
and she's coming over and having drinks, right?
So I'm like, why does she keep coming and getting drinks?
So I'm watching her closely.
So she's getting drinks
and she's bringing them over to her guy friends, right?
And handing out drinks to these guys
that we have no idea who they are, right?
So I've probably had one too many at that point. I was over-served by the bartender,
obviously. So she comes over and she goes to grab a drink and I lose. I'm like, get out of here.
Like there's no chance we're not giving him drinks. So the guys come walking over. I'm like,
get out of here. Like, we're not giving you guys drink. I've been watching you all night. So the
guys come over, you know, like calm me down. down and ever since then gomer's called me tony tough nuts and i might add one or two incidents more like
that where you know my emotions have gotten the better of me and gomer's like i'm paying for it
anyways fuck relax yeah yeah we've all yeah we've all fell prey to uh the cluck clucks they're
blocking around in the club and they come over and weasel a bottle away next
thing you know your fucking tab you're calling your credit card company so you can bump up your
your max i just got hit with a three thousand dollar coat tab i was nervous to pick up that
bill yeah but uh so yeah so they called me tony in new york and then obviously nobody in tampa
called me that and then g signed there and sure enough he brought it over and and got it going
again so tony t tony t yeah there
was like a ranges to tampa shuttle there for a couple years it seemed like you guys were all
ended up down there what surprised you most about hockey in tampa ryan i think the support i mean
i i had no i had no idea that community enjoyed their team as much as they did support as much
as they did um you know i'd go there and we did they'd be sellouts but a lot of it'd be ranger
fans right so i didn't i had no clue and um you know the way they go there and we'd, they'd be sellouts, but a lot of it'd be Ranger fans. Right. So I didn't, I had no clue.
And you know, the way they embrace their team in that community is,
is wild. So, I mean, you saw the parade and the,
on the water and everything else. It's that's probably what surprised me the
most about that team.
Yeah. They get a pretty good thing down there. They have,
they have pretty much since the outset.
It's nice to see that people are finding that out,
even if it's a couple of decades later.
Hey, how about that awkward pause?
No, but I think it's fair to ask,
how much can you put on the guys being able to live in a city
and dominate like they do in the NHL,
but yet go out and really not get bothered?
Because you went from the extreme of playing in New York
to seeing the way the stars are treated and what they can quote-unquote get
away with where they live in Tampa I'll be honest with you biz I think it was worse in New York than
it wasn't or worse in Tampa than it was in New York you're just getting seen and of who you are
knowing who you are being out uh people spotting you. New York's too big. New York's too big.
Really? Okay.
New York's too big.
Unless you're Hank.
Yeah, I mean, it's a different story.
But, I mean, you can fly under the radar in New York if you want to.
I mean, obviously you can go to spots and be spotted if you want to be spotted.
But there's so many spots and areas.
And even when fans did see you in New York, it was more just a hey than anything.
We're in Tampa.
I don't know what the reason is, but you get spotted a lot more more at restaurants people come up to you they want to talk to you they just got
that relaxed Florida vibe to them or whatever it is you know for autographs or whatever so
people ask me that but I think it was it was worse in Tampa you know being spotted and people
recognize you than it was in New York interesting I think New York has that almost like too you're
too cool to recognize famous people like they don't want to do it and almost like give
into celebrities that's like the vibe up
there I think a little too well I thought you got
you got recognized at MSGRA didn't you
wasn't that when you saw Nate
I was at the garden
actually that was at the TD garden but
it happened too so
oh would it happen
where'd you get recognized just random
walk walking down the street when we're working down headquarters.
I'll get stopped on a random street.
Suck it, Callie.
That's kind of crazy.
You're bigger than the New York Ranger captain.
Look at that.
Yeah, right.
He's had some contract disputes with Barstool as well,
so I guess it does go hand in hand.
When you ended up having to retire,
and it was just
recent kind of officially announcing it a lot goes into like your back and the degenerative back
issues you had like when did that start when did you realize oh my god like this is this is way
worse than maybe I originally thought yeah I've dealt with it the last kind of two three years
of my career I've noticed it a little bit throughout my career but I thought it was just
you know normal back stuff and then that that last year I was in Tampa it got to a point where I was waking up in
the morning no idea how I was going to feel if I could get out of bed um you know it would come
out of nowhere so there'd be times where I'd take pre-game skate feel fine go home take a nap
get out of my car at the rink and also my back's locking up on me so you know it just got so
frustrating I didn't didn't know what to expect. So to be
honest, I thought I was going to be able to get it fixed. You know, I thought I'd like everything
else pop in and get surgery or whatever it is and get it fixed. And, um, at the end of the year,
he went to a bunch of different specialists and everybody kept saying the same thing,
degenerative disc disease. The only fix is a fusion, which I wasn't at the point of needing
a fusion yet. And even if I did, I couldn't continue playing with a fusion. So everybody's like,
either you deal with it, you know, and try to keep playing or, you know,
that's it. And, you know, after what I went through that last year, there's,
there was no way I was playing, you know? So, but yeah, it was, it was hard.
It was, it was a tough pill to swallow, but you know,
I kind of the writing was on the wall.
I was coming towards the end of my career, obviously,
but everybody wants to go out on their own terms, but you know,
once I came to terms with it, it was, it was easy to accept.
Was it an emotional day?
I remember I've told the story before calling my dad and kind of breaking
down and telling him I was retiring,
like similar stuff for you where you're talking to your family and it's
hitting you pretty hard.
Yeah, it was, it was tough.
You know,
and that last year in Tampa was a frustrating year for me too
the playoffs the way that went so yeah and the way my back felt too like i was explaining to you
almost got to the point too where it was almost relief you know i was kind of like i don't have
to deal with this shit anymore you know like i don't have to worry about how i'm feeling each
day at each hour you know putting heat packs all over your body yeah how i'm skating in practice
like in practices that last year i would i tried not to move that much you know what i mean like because i didn't
want to tweak it so yoga practice exactly i should where's my tea i should got a tea set on the board
your meditation you have the you have the yoga mat on the ice yeah so it was more of a relief
than anything and then i think when it got hard was when training camp started again you know and
all of a sudden i was living in tampa that year too last year and everybody's talking
about the team and stuff i'm still seeing the guys hanging out with them a bit you know away
from the rink and then training camp starts and you're like shit you know i'm not there like what
am i doing like you know what i mean so it's uh that was the hard part i think was once you started
again well fuck let me go ahead i just have one more in five years
ryan are you working in media or in a front office somewhere that's a great question um
you know what this media thing's going well i'm enjoying it but i think my ultimate goal maybe if
you know who knows but i'd like to be with a team be in the thick of it again um you know be behind
the lines and be a part of something where you're trying to win again.
My competitive nature, you know, gets the best of me. So, you know, hopefully,
hopefully that's something down the road. But right now I'm enjoying the media.
This this guy and Drew, Chris Drury were like the penalty killing Bash brothers. So wherever Drury ends up as GM, that's where we'll see Callie in the front office. That's the guarantee.
That's the wit. That's the witty call coming in from  what the fuck am I trying to say?
I don't know.
Cali, thanks for coming, though.
Thanks for coming on the show, dude.
This was awesome, buddy.
This was great.
Yeah, thanks, boys.
Thanks for having me on.
Took you long enough to ask me, but thanks for having me on.
No, seriously.
I was fucking afraid that you were going to make fun of me.
We were waiting for the official retirement announcement.
That's all.
Hey, if we get Girardi on, what should we ask him?
Well, I'll ask him about his OCD-ness and scheduling and everything else.
I mean, I got one last quick one for you.
So about his scheduling.
So me, Salzy, and Girardi are out to dinner.
It's probably March, right?
So yeah, February, March time.
And he looks at us and like, hey, guys, do you think I can get a ride to the rink?
And we kind of in
trouble like yeah like when he's like next year during training camp uh me and the wife were
talking and i think we're going to leave one of our cars at home and we're only going to ship one
car down at the start so like the first four days of training camp do you think you can give me a
ride i'm trying to plan it we look he's like what the hell is so that's how bad he is he was planning
in march what he was going to do with
his cars come training camp time and who was going to drive into the rink meanwhile we all we all
live in the same building so i mean it's not like we're driving out of our hour out of our way to
bring him but so this guy's out of his mind out of his mind realistically he could have asked you
the morning you were leaving next september realistically yeah yeah you could have knocked on my door that
morning or just or just be standing by my car and uh i would have took him yeah that's a guy
that's a guy who definitely makes lists every day post post retirement like what i need to get done
it's like wake up eat count my money hey would you guys ever rag on him about the the tribal slash
uh what was it barbed wire tattoo yeah we we ragged on him a bit about
that yeah i heard you pretty bad yeah i heard you were uh we always rag on him yeah oh i got
some bad tattoos so i'll chirp myself but holy shit that might go down as the worst collaboration
and where was i was there for a golf tournament i ran into you right i was at a golf tournament
in uh welland area all right we saw you and we're talking to
you and then we left and she's like yeah he's always on me about my tattoo
you got to him there's no question it's the monster energy special so maybe he won't come
on maybe that's why he's uh he's avoiding us probably anyway hey congrats on uh seriously
what a career you had dude and uh we appreciate you joining us. So good luck with everything moving forward.
Awesome, boys.
Same to you.
Thanks for having me on.
Congrats on a great career, buddy.
Big thanks to Ryan Callahan for jumping on and joining us, man.
Congrats on a great career.
Great guy.
It was a great interview, too.
Hope you folks enjoyed it.
Hey, guys, Valentine's Day is coming up.
And for a lot of guys, that can mean added pressure to perform.
Luckily, with Roman, you can relax.
Whether you're dealing with ED or you're more concerned about lasting longer in bed, Roman's got you covered.
For a limited time, Roman has special offers to make sure you're ready for Valentine's Day.
Get up to 35 off your first month of ED treatment if prescribed,
and if you purchase swipes, you'll get a free bottle of lube added to your order while supplies last the whole process is straightforward simple and discreet it's one less
thing you need to worry about on valentine's day fellas you're already doing restaurants and cars
and moving around and ubers and all that stuff well let roman take care of the rest once again
for a limited time get up to 35 off your first month of ed treatment if prescribed and if you
purchase swipes you'll get a free bottle of lube added with your order while supplies last.
Complete your online visit by February 10th for guaranteed delivery by Valentine's Day.
Just go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets to get started.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Definitely check that stuff out, guys.
You don't want to have an unhappy lover on Valentine's Day for sure.
All right, moving right along here.
Saturday afternoon, I paired up with the Ring Strengths, Mike Marto and Brian Yandel.
They were doing a live stream telethon for A.J. Cueto, who was the Rhode Island hockey player who was injured.
A couple weeks back, he suffered a spinal injury.
So the Ring Strengths decided to do a telethon Saturday, and I was
honored to be asked to do it.
We raised over 21,000
during the couple of hours we did it.
If you'd like to donate as well, it's
AJ10.org.
I know there's a lot of people
asking for help these days, but
this is a situation where a family's going to need a lot
of help with medical bills, because unfortunately, a lot of things
don't get covered.
So, again, he was a high school hockey player from Rhode Island.
He was injured at a game in Massachusetts.
And him and his family are going to have a bit of a struggle ahead financially.
So if you can help, AJ10.org.
Whit, I know you wanted to mention something here with the Bruins as well.
Yeah, I talked to Bob Sweeney.
He played for the Bruins and the Sabres, had a long NHL career.
He's now the president of the Boston Bruins Foundation. And he had two things he was hoping I could mention gladly for this kid and his family.
The first is it's a 50-50 that the Bruins Foundation will be holding.
It's actually this one's only for Massachusetts residents.
But you can purchase the 50-50 raffle tickets between now and the third period of Saturday, February 13th game.
That's at bostonbruins.com slash 50-50.
So get into that right now.
It's over, I think, 70,000.
Should be up to 100K by the time the raffle ends or the winners pick.
So that's a good chunk of change.
All the proceeds go into AJ and his family.
And the other one that anyone can get involved in
is the NHL stick and jersey auction for AJ.
So the hockey world has come together completely,
as they always do.
It's such a strong-knit community.
Sticks and jerseys featured in this auction
were donated from players and teams all across the league.
So I think that players are reaching out
and really want to help out this kid and what he's gone through.
So I think that I'm saying this, and the Bruins Foundation would say the same thing,
that they really appreciate the participation from all the teams and players
and all the fans who are looking to get involved.
And all the benefits will also go to the AJ Credit Fund.
And that's www.bruinsauctions.org.
That auction actually closes February 11th at 10 a.m.
So hop on that thing today as you're listening.
Tuesday, I think you you got one or two more
days but let's try to help
out somebody who's going through
you know it's a really really difficult
thing to watch and we talked about Travis Roy
and his legacy and let's try to help
out AJ as much as we can and R.A. that was
great you went on with the ring you did a hell of a
job and I want to shout out Brian Yandel
and Mike Motto for doing that and raising
a bunch of money on Friday night it's awesome great work all right thanks guys i
appreciate that and well said wit uh hopefully if you folks can help out please do uh like i said
the other day no amount is too small no amount is too high and that bruins auction there's some
pretty sick superstar players sticks jerseys get on there and check it out along with the 50 50
for mass residents you bunch of assholes let's do it all right moving right along uh beijing is going to use a north american sized ice for the
olympic hockey god willing if we do if we do get it uh assuming it takes place but this is a big
deal because we've always talked about the difference in play on an olympic ice service
and now they're going to kind of shrink it i don't know what the particular reason is uh but also
doug armstrong was named as the gm of team canada I don't know what the particular reason is, but also Doug Armstrong was named as the GM of Team Canada.
Don Sweeney named as one of his assistants.
What's your take on the ice?
Well-deserved for Doug Armstrong, what he's done throughout his career.
And I think that the ice is great because these NHL guys,
bigger ice is cool, but it also can create less offense,
as hard as that is to believe.
You're able to kind of just like pack it in a little bit
and let guys stay to the outside.
And I think the action's better with how good and fast these guys are
on the NHL-sized arena.
And you saw the same was in Vancouver.
I believe it was just there.
They didn't make the rink any bigger.
So you saw how good those games were.
And shout-out, I love this episode.
We get to talk a little bit about the possibility of the 2022 Best in the World on Best in the World,
whereas Johnny Goudreau mentioned he hopes to make Team USA.
I think you're good there, Johnny.
You can watch Friends the whole flight to China.
And I just, I really, really hope this ends up going down.
Who knows what's going on?
I know that it'll actually be Winter Olympics and Summer Olympics back to back or whatever it is because of the delay of last year's summer games um but
that tournament could be really special for us as a podcast for hockey fans everywhere all we want
is a best on best and i think we're gonna get it i think olympic ice is the biggest joke ever
like you said everyone just skates to the perimeter. There's not as much scoring chances. You could just avoid it.
No physicality.
No physicality.
And it turns into way more to soccer than actually hockey
because it's all about possession.
Oh, nothing there.
Okay, let's throw it back to the D-man, regroup.
Okay, nothing there.
Okay, let's bring it back again.
So it's a no-brainer going to North American ice.
And I think that even a lot of places overseas have started shrinking it.
I don't think they're at North American size yet,
but there's like a level between Olympic size and a North American size.
So at least it's a better median, but that's the way.
All the best players in the world are playing in the NHL.
You might as well use that size ice sheet.
Yeah, hopefully we will get the Olympics because that's what we've been waiting for but obviously the covid's kind of dictating the pace of the planet right now so we'll keep our fingers
crossed all right gang hey everybody wants to keep their home and family safe especially if
you're going to be holed up streaming friends for a couple days like johnny g whether it's from
break-in a fire flooding or a medicaliSafe Home Security delivers award-winning 24-7 protection.
With SimpliSafe, you don't just get an arsenal of cameras and sensors,
you get the best professional monitors in the business.
They've got your back day and night, ready to send police, fire, or EMTs
when you need them most straight to your door.
Not only was it simple to hook up, the equipment is top-notch and the footage is perfect.
Again, I'm not a tool guy, but this stuff was simple.
You can do it too.
It's wicked easy.
SimpliSafe has an arsenal of sensors and cameras that protect every inch of your home.
You can set it up yourself in about 30 minutes.
It's so easy.
And then SimpliSafe's professionals take over, monitoring your home 24-7 and ready to send
help the moment there's an alarm.
Plus, with SimpliSafe, there's no long-term contract,
hidden fees, or installation costs.
Right now, our listeners get a free home security camera
when you purchase a SimpliSafe system
at simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
You also get a 60-day risk-free trial,
so there's nothing to lose.
Visit simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E dot com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S for your free security camera today.
That's SimpliSafe.com slash chicklets.
Boys, I'm not sure if there was an additional camera on him,
but how about Gritty getting painted like the scene from the Titanic
during the Bruins flyers game the other night?
I don't know if you saw it.
He comes out in a gown, like a nightgown, and drops it,
just like Kate Winslet in Titanic, sprawls out,
and then he tweets, paint me like one of your French Johns,
like that Philly word, J-A-W-N.
I mean, you would have thought the appeal of Gritty might have worn off by now.
No.
But it hasn't.
Like, this guy just zigs when you think he's going to zag business.
I'm not crazy about his belly button.
I don't know what they got going on there, which grosses me out a little bit.
But they must have a whole team around it,
and they're just constantly thinking of new ideas
on how to keep him fresh in everybody's mind.
And I love it.
I think it's great for a game.
Do you like him, Witt?
Are you a big fan of Gritty?
I am a fan of Gritty.
I think he's the perfect representation of like a junkie
philly trash bag and he shows the passion and he's has these original moments like getting
painted and kevin hayes is in him like they spend like holidays together and stuff i think that he's
gonna caddy for kevin all summer at os so i i think he's an awesome mascot i really do
yeah the philadelphia um the ph Phillies guy
what's his name? The Fanatic
I always thought he was the best baseball
one and they've really kind of
grown a little bit
with Gritty
he's similar, he's just
on a harder drug than the Fanatic
the Fanatic's on shrooms
and Gritty's on heroin
you know?
Gritty's getting it done the's like, you know? Yeah.
Gritty's getting it done.
The other big sports news out of the weekend, boys.
We buried this one for the end.
Jose Canseco fought rough and rowdy.
He fought Billy Football, the former intern at Pod My Take.
I mean, what a fucking disaster for Jose Canseco.
I mean, you would have thought he'd come out and throw a punch or whatever.
He took a fucking dive. I mean, I don't know he'd come out and throw a punch or whatever. He took a fucking dive.
I mean, I don't know if he took two solid shots from Billy, not this and Billy.
Billy had come out firing.
But Jose just fell in the corner and covered up and turtled.
Absolute embarrassment, but I suppose he got the last laugh because he made a nice little payday for himself.
So there was no morality clause in the contract that he signed.
So Portnoy ended up tweeting out after the fight i think the next day
that through everything and he was guaranteed if it was the biggest pay-per-view that barstool had
ever gotten at rough and rowdy he got another bonus so i think all together portnoy said they
paid him a million bucks to fight for 10 seconds take a dive he said it was his shoulder which i'd
imagine with all the steroids he's taken and him chucking weights, I would imagine his shoulders aren't the best.
But nonetheless, a complete fucking fleece job by Jose Canseco.
Fleece job.
I was talking to Dave about it in Detroit.
He said he actually doesn't think that he went into the fight thinking I was going to take a dive.
But the minute that Billy Football ran at him and like Dave made the funniest point,
he couldn't even get through the fucking ring, dude. He couldn't even get through the fucking ring, dude.
He couldn't even get through the ropes
to get into the ring.
Like right away, it's like, oh my God.
Yeah, you're 270, but you move like a Mack truck.
And Billy Football came at him so hard
that then he was probably like, oh my God, done.
Shoulder, complain, no, he won.
Now, what's interesting is they were announcing
the entire Rough and Rowdy
that they were smashing their
viewerships like that it was crushing it so jose can take on new before his fight if he'd been
listening to the other fights that he already was going to get his rev share um and then i think
portnoy sent a tweet out something where it's like why are you saying why are you putting them on
blast or saying what he made and he's like uh because i want people to know how much they can make if they do a fight with us and if we want you to fight with us like you're gonna
get paid so i think that it makes sense and and in the end barstool like people are saying oh he
owned you guys it's like uh they made like millions of dollars on the pay-per-view yeah they got they
you know jose he ended up pulling a slime bag move uh but it still was a successful night for the company still some great
entertainment as well frank the tank was great that knockout too was sick the fastest knockout
in rough rough and rowdy history was yeah it was pretty gnarly and then and then they had two uh
two what do you do you call them smaller people do you call them dwarfs is midgets an okay term
now ra help me out either either dwarves or little people, and then there are some who, you know,
don't mind the term midget for themselves,
like our friends are, but generally in a mixed crowd
usually go with little people.
So they had a little bit of everything.
And then the ring girls.
I'm going to, you know, people all over me,
nobody cares about soccer.
Any fucking asshole out there who tweets at me
they don't care about soccer,
I'm only going to talk about it more.
Chelsea's on fire.
They hired a new manager from Germany. They g Chelsea's on fire. They hired a new manager
from Germany. They gassed their former legend.
They hired this new manager. They haven't lost.
They've gotten, I think, like 9 of a
possible 11 points, whatever it is. 10 of a
possible 12. I will be going to
New York City for the live stream
of Chelsea Arsenal, which is
Za and Troops' team, who sucks.
They stink.
Chelsea's right at 5th. These guys are in 10th. They stink. Chelsea's right at fifth.
These guys are in tenth.
They suck.
It's in the middle of May or end of May.
I will be there.
I'll get to experience a little Za and Troops live stream action.
What's been the difference with the new coach?
So he's changed a lot of different things.
I mean, he's totally changed the lineup in a sense where he's gotten more out of this Timo Werner.
Werner, Werner, who's a huge signing from Germany.
This guy's German.
He looks way better.
This guy still hasn't scored in like three months.
But the team just looks awesome.
They're playing different.
They have this Mason Mount guy.
He's so nasty.
He's been playing for Chelsea since he was six years old.
How cool is that?
The whole English premiere of like what they do in terms of the academies,
and they have under eight teams, under 10, under 12.
And there's like you grow up and you want to play for your high school hockey team
if you're in Minnesota.
You want to play on a college hockey team.
These kids are playing for the team where their dream is to be on the senior team someday.
And so the whole way they go about producing athletes in England is awesome.
I'm all in.
And if you don't like soccer, you're such a joke of a person.
Keep sitting there watching hockey and hockey only
and don't learn anything else about life and sports, you fucking losers.
Speaking of soccer, Whit, I know we mentioned Ted Lasso before.
I know you started it, but did you go back to restarting it?
I did not.
I'm in Florida, so it's golf and then getting ready for the pod, watching hockey.
I was talking to Chief about that.
He's like, do you watch any shows?
I'm like, no, I don't. I don't.
I will give it a shot, though.
Alright, yeah. I still get a lot of people replying
on the recommendations. They
watch it and they enjoyed it. And just to go back
to rough and rowdy bits for a sec. Yeah,
I'm glad you said how entertaining it was. As much
as the Canseco fight stunk because he took a dive,
you get your 20 worth
10 times over when you watch that broadcast.
Two and a half hours of just
straight comedy i mean there's no there's no other media company with a collection of people like
like cabasto contrato for an event like that and as far as conseco man how much money has he
fucking blown i mean how much did he make i think i looked at it i think he made just under 50
million in his career but between divorces and and legal battles and stuff i think i think he's
pretty much pissed it all away which which is  that's unfortunate.
Yeah, if he had a flight on West Virginia.
I wonder if he would go back if he wouldn't
he kind of became a joke when he wrote Juiced.
That was kind of like the end
I guess he became a joke when the home run went off his head and out of the stadium.
That might have been when he became a joke.
But Juiced is just  he threw everyone under the bus.
It's just like  then it was just like you're a loser and i know he needed the money at the time
but what a bum what an absolute bum speaking of throwing people under the bus so uh screech
added a passing away as well the guy from uh saved by the bell wit and yeah i heard what's true is
true that's really sad did you hear like yeah it was apparently it was it was something
yeah the whole way it went down but going back he wrote like a tell-all book about everyone from
safe by the bell i didn't even know about this and i guess he lied about everything in the book
and then they released it he made some money and then ended up coming out afterward and saying yeah
i lied made up a bunch of the stories and And this guy had quite the, what's the word I'm looking for?
It was basically health.
Tough run.
He was in like porn.
Yeah, he filmed his own porn movie and hired a few girls.
And it was sad what fame did to him.
Yeah, and that's the thing.
When you're so young, you see so many of these child actors.
And the thing is for him, he had a big lump in his neck and and so he ended up passing away and and he wouldn't even go get it checked out because
he was so afraid of somebody getting a picture and then him being the running joke once again
online and he ended up dying you know so it's like first of all it shows how miserable and
mean people can be online but it's also like dude when it comes to your health you can't give a shit
what anyone thinks about anything you got to get checked out so it was really sad to know that
if he'd gone in way sooner and he hadn't been so self-conscious maybe he'd still be around because
no matter how tough the guy's life was i mean jesus i wish he was still alive i don't know him
but it was definitely a tough scene and for child actors the more the more of them are messed up in
adulthood than than doing well i would say
i could never i would never i would never ever put my kid into into acting at a young age like i
think i think that's tapped and i know there's times that family members and parents do it they
need money they got a good looking kid all of a sudden somebody's like yeah give him a chance but
you are setting your kid up for failure by doing that um it's funny you brought that up if if you are
considering putting your kid in showbiz i highly recommend this documentary on hbo it dropped i
believe late last year it's called showbiz kids uh directed by alex alex wintha from bill and ted's
fame yeah he's a great director alex wintha and it doesn't come out and tell you what and what not
to do but the message is certainly implied when you watch the documentary like you know yeah some kids are successful and some kids aren't but there's a there's a fucking
lot of ugliness behind the scenes and you know a lot of these kids end up fucking like damaged or
broken or you know and for those who are successful even if they still have a lot of issues because
it's not a normal thing for a six or seven or eight year old kid to be working let alone working
i know i was for 60 hours a week and having people watch them.
It's such a crazy, unique business.
But, yeah, showbiz kids, highly recommend it.
It's just a good doc on its own,
let alone if you contemplate sticking your kids in showbiz or not,
but it's very interesting.
Do you ever watch those ones, the reality shows,
of the kids doing the pageants and stuff?
Oh, I've seen, like, honey beebee or whatever honey boo-boo
that was sad that was saying that was just that's like me calling it i'm a i'm a i'm a starfish
but i think that like if you if you see if you seriously think about what your kids should be
doing at nine years old it's like eating his boogers playing catching his dad eating his
boogers playing with a barbie doll like memorizing lines fuck you
yeah and then they actually you know they interview a bunch of former stars like child
stars and they actually have one kid who's currently like nine or ten years old and he's
kind of like the modern day kid they follow and that's that was probably the most interesting
part of it because you know you have these parents who are doing great things on a whim
of a nine-year-old kid like like taking loans out and moving the family here.
And it's like all because
No pressure.
I want to act.
Yeah, no pressure.
And then they put the kid out there, and it's like the kid's really not that talented.
So, you know, you might want to fucking do this before you remortgage the house.
But, Biz, just go back to Canseco for a minute.
What do you think the odds are of when he got paid that he called up his money guy
and was like, put it all in GameStop and AMC right now.
What's this Doge stock?
D-O-G-E?
Dogecoin, baby.
Dogecoin.
Buy it.
I don't really understand it.
But basically, a bunch of Redditors were finding out stocks that all these hedge funds were shorting.
And then they turned the tables, right?
Is that a
pretty accurate assessment how did you guys feel about all this did you pay attention to it wit
yeah i mean it was hard it was hard not to i don't really understand and i'm sure there's a
hedge fund guy or finance person who could explain why but i don't really understand why you're
allowed to short stocks it seems like kind of an odd game. Now, I think there's probably arguments to why it happens,
but I mean, it's very powerful for a huge hedge fund
to all of a sudden short businesses
and like they can bury a business.
They can really make it worth less.
And you just saw the common man
really flip the table on these hedge funds.
I was told that there was hedge funds
that lost a billion dollars every 12 dollars
like gamestop was was going up so you know they the issue like robin hood ended up like screwing
over the customers and breaking the what they kind of like said was their like goal as a company was
to allow any person to trade and all of a sudden it was like uh no you can only sell it you can't
buy more and it really did look sketchy portnoy went on a bunch of different talk shows and kind of explained how
he thought it was so fraudulent and there was some scumbag stuff going on i would not i would
not bet against that i mean it's like the the man or what do you call it the system you can't beat
them right they just turned the game in their favor right when they wanted to and it fucked a
lot of people on the scary thing the scary thing was is like i think a lot of people probably got in a
little bit late to game stop and then like they really got screwed there's probably people who
lost a lot of money in that um i i just don't get how you don't if you're gonna make trading for
everyone you have to make it fair it has to be has to be you know on equal ground and i think
there'll be tons of different uh what do you call it, Senate hearings.
And maybe there will be some regulations that come about this.
But what a crazy time.
I love the big short.
It's a great movie.
Unreal movie.
I really enjoyed it.
And I think that this whole scenario from last week will make for an even better movie at some point.
Yeah, Biz, I'm not surprised by anything shady when it comes to the stock market and and fine you know finance stuff it's it's to me it's always been a rigged game like um you know
i i think the idea you're going to go on in and out in a couple days and make money in the stock
market that's a little pollyanna-ish like it's just it's not set up that way did people get
fucked i don't know i didn't read the the particulars on you know when you sign up for
robin hood when everybody signs that um you know what terms and services or terms of service whatever it might have been somewhere in that
and people just don't read those so they might have said it gets to a certain point that's going
to happen but if it didn't nothing surprises me the fact that oh we're going to get fucked here
let's change the game that doesn't surprise me at all when you're dealing with Wall Street and it's
like they can't really it's like those guys can't rig the game only we can rig the game you know
it's like that that's what it felt like and that's why i wasn't surprised man when you when you mess up
wall street it's it's a it's a soulless fucking place with lacking morals so nothing surprised
i can't keep track crazy world right now we haven't even discussed the bitcoin either all right
yeah i'll have to study up before our next uh episode for that one dogecoin bitcoin whatever
the frig it's called gotta get my my crypto on. But either way,
that's going to wrap up this episode. Hopefully you enjoyed it.
Johnny Hockey and Ryan Callahan,
great guests. Hopefully you enjoyed the show.
We'll catch you next week. Have a great week, everybody.
See you guys. As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here at Spittin' Chicklets.
Huge thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Peter Malaf for making us look good on the course.
Huge thanks to our new friends at Blue Nile.
They take care of all of your online jewelry needs. Big thanks to our friends at The Zebra. If you're looking for house
or car insurance, check them out. Huge thanks to our friends over at Roman for taking care of the
fellas. And another big thanks to Simply Safe for keeping everybody safe during these times.
Have a great week, all.
