Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 324 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Boys, it's great to be home again.
We hit Jupiter, Florida.
We hit Manhattan.
We hit North Jersey.
I know the Whit Dog's still on the road, but first time in three weeks we're doing the show at home.
Mike EG, nice to be in your apartment last week.
Better to be home.
How's it going, buddy?
Great to be in New York City this weekend.
The weather was fantastic.
Broke out the rollerblades for the first time this season.
Boys, a lot of big plans for the blade game this summer. The weather was fantastic. Broke out the rollerblades for the first time this season. Boys, a lot of big
plans for the blade game this summer.
Huge plans coming, so I'll leave it
there. Face plants?
Basically, yeah.
Biz Nasty, what's up, buddy?
You must be feeling like me right now. Great to be back
on the big chair.
Haven't fucking slept since
Mr. Shvetchnikov in Grinnelly's
apartment, are I going to be honest. I haven't had a wink of goddamn sleep mr shvetshnikov in granelli's apartment are going
to be honest i haven't had a wink of goddamn sleep since that happened i will redeem myself
and where it is he could be going back to russia because of it r.a. is responsible for a possible
deportation who kidnapped his brother fucking brought home because of it it was it was a great
relaxing weekend i mean i celebrated my
birthday on march 11th thank you to all the wonderful people who reached out to wish me a
happy birthday i'm sorry i couldn't get back to all you but uh it was a good one i got to hang
out and i did a hike this weekend with mr finn again and and i love you and it was it was relaxing
boys i'm uh i got all the partying and craziness out of the way at the beginning of my life now
i'm just now i'm just an old man.
Yeah.
He's still busted out every once in a while, though.
I don't know if he can.
I don't know if he can.
He might be a changed man.
I'm a changed man.
That's the voice of Ryan Whitney, the wit dog.
You're still in Florida.
You are coming home soon.
And you were at Disney World earlier today, which is Sunday, where we're recording.
I wasn't, R.A.
You're misinformed.
What the plan is, is for myself to be about as in one as humanly possible tomorrow.
And that's a day at Disney World.
So I always said I actually I want to bring up we're bringing on Keith Yandel.
You know, I don't know.
Did you just say that?
All right.
I did not.
You did.
OK, all right.
I'm glad I'm glad I remembered.
He's involved in this, what I'm going to tell you, this story.
We brought him on, so you're going to
hear about him, talk about getting his 1,000th game
ceremony. It was a great interview.
When he first went
to Disney World with his kids, when he
got home, I said, how was it? He's like, dude,
it was unbelievable. There's these VIP
passes or something.
I think there's fast passes and there's even big dog.
There's an even bigger dog that just walks you around.
So you don't have to wait in any lines.
Some of these lines six hours long.
Just to ride the teacups.
I don't know about the teacups.
Probably like the Harry Potter ride.
I'm guessing the teacups aren't busting out the big lines anymore.
But he was like, dude, this is unbelievable.
Whenever you go someday
you have kids this is what you got to do so at the in the middle of the trip you know we were in
jupiter i said oh well we're so close why don't we just drive up to disney world for rider he'll
love it it'll be unbelievable and i was like what a great idea now i didn't think right away that
you got to wear masks the whole time it's like 90 degrees so that was the first one i was like oh man like even when you're outside you gotta have on whatever i'll survive
well then like a hammer to the back of the head i looked in to everything and saw there's no vip
passes there's no fast passes covid has those things dead to rights right now they're gone
apparently fast pass is like possible to get. I've looked
into it. I don't think it is. So I am going tomorrow with my son who's going to be absolutely
sensory overload in love with the place, but he's three years old and three, you don't exactly
understand like what the line is. So I'm in one. People say on one.
I say in one.
I can't wait to report back to you, but tomorrow's day one,
and wish me luck.
Now, the confusion, RA, because you thought that he'd already been.
I saw you post a picture in front of a T-Rex ride or something.
What was that?
So today we went over to Disney Springs,
which is like all these like restaurants and shopping.
And when you see Disney people, Disney people stick out.
It's unreal.
Like, you know, like there's couples like where are the kids?
Nope.
They're just in their Disney Mickey and Minnie shirt.
And they're both 43 years old from Iowa.
And they're walking down the street and just in their Disney people like Disney people are a real life thing.
And they're Disney people like Disney people are a real life thing.
So we went over there because he loves dinosaurs. And it's like this dinosaur like lunch place.
And you build a dinosaur like it's build a teddy bear type thing.
And, you know, you name them.
It's just one of those days where it was like the warm up.
It was basically pregame skate before a big game.
OK, a little dynamic stretch.
Get ready.
Get your hips ready for my hips.
And, you know, my feet and I got the hernia.
Yeah, but I had to make a promise.
I cannot and will not complain one time tomorrow, or it could be curtains for your boy, Ryan.
Did Bree make you promise that?
She looked me in the eye and said, hey, I need to talk to you about something.
I said, what happened?
She said, you have to promise me that you will not complain one time.
Wait.
Disney World.
Can you just bottle it up?
I said, can I play golf two times over there?
And she said, yes, when we get in Saturday, you can play,
and then go play Tuesday.
We're Monday and Wednesday at the park.
You are smiling, Ryan,
and you are not complaining.
Can you bottle up? I promised her and that
will be the case. So I don't know what I'm going to do.
Sorry. Can I bottle up what?
I apologize. Well, I was going to say, can you bottle up the
complaints and save them for next podcast?
I'll just write them down on my phone.
I'll write them down on my...
Put them all in the fucking memo pad.
Hey, but it's all about seeing, you know,
he's seeing your son have it,
have a great time.
He's already,
he's got,
he's just like,
he's buzzing.
He's like moving his feet during the national anthem.
Like,
you know,
when you're just trying to get that nervous energy out.
So I'll report back to you next week.
All right.
Have you,
have you been to a Disneyland?
Oh yeah.
Disney world or Disneyland lands in LA.
It's trash.
Yeah.
Disney world is Florida.
Disneyland is California,
but you are at the complex itself though,
right?
What Disney world,
like the,
and you're staying on campus basically.
No,
I'm not.
You're all that's not on campus.
Okay.
All right.
Well,
either way.
Yeah.
The whole,
you can stay in the complex biz.
I went as a kid and it's,
it's great when you're a kid to see it because it's such a fabled
place,
but my cousin got married there a few years ago.
And then me and my wife,
like,
Oh,
we went back to check it out. And then like, we an adult that's like okay i'll probably never go back again
i mean yeah kind of been there done that but i will say the tower of terror i think they redid
it that's a fucking probably the best ride there on rail ride or the arrowsmith roller coaster is
legit so yeah i heard that's sick here's the thing though biz oh go ahead the tower of terror is that
at universal studios or is that at disney world well
it's at universal studios which is one of the parks within the entire complex okay okay because
because i went as a kid too that's when uh indiana jones was popular so i got to watch the indian
i'll never forget i spent my entire allowance day one on an indiana jones hat really oh yeah
jacket that you wear too what do you mean like if you still if it could still fit you could rock a an Indiana Jones hat. Really? Oh, yeah. Oh, buddy. I thought I was...
with your jacket that you wear, too.
What do you mean?
Like, if you still...
If it could still fit,
you could rock a hat like that
with that jacket you wear.
It'd be a sick outfit.
Oh, yeah.
No, I got it.
I mean, I think it's long gone now.
What...
Oh, Ninja Turtles were big back then.
So...
And then you would go...
And then you would go to the area
where you could get the notepad
and get all their autographs.
Yeah. Yeah, Walt Disney World is the whole whole it's that whole the park itself but then there's another
name for the whole complex but when when i was there biz last time we were at space mountain
and the whole allure of space mountain is it's in the dock it's a roller coaster in the dock so you
don't know where you're going what don't know where you're going when me and my wife were in
line some there was some sort of malfunction they had had to turn the lights on inside Space Mountain.
It was like fucking seeing the biggest secret ever because it was a malfunction.
You could see all the layout of all the tracks, like the cars and stuff.
It was like finding out this crazy, crazy secret.
I took pictures and shit.
Hey, you see leaks with like buckets collecting the water and like X'd out like signs on the wall.
You're just like, oh, Space Mountain.
Sick.
Yeah. They got their own fight apartment
stuff down there, Biz.
What's the other one where you'd go in the little...
But Biz, hold on.
Small world after all.
Yeah, that's a tough one.
I'll probably be doing that one tomorrow.
Sorry for the long Disney talk, folks,
but these guys like talking about it.
I just told them what was going on in my life.
But Biz, six hours.
Six hours, people wait in line for a five minute ride like is it are you like that sounds like one of my one
of my dates back in the day let's say try waiting 15 all that all that for nothing
she's like andy didn't even pick up the bill jesus oh shit all right well moving right along i
mentioned we were on the road well the last gig we had uh what was still in florida me and biz
and g stopped by we can't really get into it too much but it was online it was the pink whitney cup
erica was huge putting this together uh it was an awesome day there's going to be a video actually
i believe it's a video series that's going to drop i can't wait for the footage they had drones there
they had biz and jake doing play-by-play so there were some people that were
confused as to the fact that there was no pre-warning of what we were doing in new jersey
but the whole premise of this is it was a content piece brought to you by pink whitney that we're
going to listen guys when the world opens back up we're going to be doing the live pawn hockeys and
these live events we couldn't do it so we figured'd go a different route and a great job by Erica and
everybody at Barstool organizing this.
Some amazing female hockey players joined us as well.
We're going to keep everything a secret until it's released,
but thank you for everyone at Barstool and all the outside people for
joining us during that, that filming of it.
Yeah, we had four Boston personalities
that had a draft, and like you said, they had a lot
of... The best players there were all the young women that were
there. I mean, we had Olympians there, D1 players,
and it was just everybody had a fun day.
I think hopefully that'll be conveyed through the video.
All right, what was your role?
I basically played the
Pierre Maguire role, what did we say? I was the
roving reporter. Wow, I wonder if the
head, I wonder if the bald head there is trying to say something there.
Yeah.
I wasn't exactly gussied up like Pierre was because I really didn't know
what I was doing until I got there that morning.
But it was fun.
It was almost kind of like doing improv in a way because I was playing
kind of like the serious role but obviously joking.
So I had as much fun as anybody.
I mean, I didn't play, but I had a blast.
Like I said, we don't want to talk about too much, but everybody afterwards was talking about how much fun as anybody. I mean, I didn't play, but I had a blast. Like I said, we don't want to talk about too much,
but everybody afterwards was talking about how much fun they had.
A lot of people didn't know each other, and they were like pals afterwards.
So it was a good day.
So we can't wait to drop that.
And speaking of Pink Whitney, now that hockey is back,
you're going to have to find your shot.
And what better way to do that than with our friends at Pink Whitney?
From January 1st through March 26th,
we are giving Chicklets fans a
chance to win a custom Pink Whitney
shot machine. All you have to do is post
a picture of you and your Pink Whitney
and use the hashtags. Hashtag
Pink Whitney. Hashtag take your shot.
Hashtag sweepstakes.
We'll be picking winners from the U.S. and
Canada every other week, so make sure you get
creative with your submissions.
Those things look pretty fun. A little bit of PR roundup. Biz, you appeared on PMT this week. So make sure you get creative with your submissions. Those things look pretty fun.
A little bit of PR roundup.
Biz, you appeared on PMT this week.
Checked in with the boys while you were in New York.
Great chat with the boys.
Great seeing everyone and being live in studio.
I hadn't been there in, I think, almost a year.
So, yeah, if you guys want to go listen.
I listened.
I thought it was great.
And I think that if we do have some new fans in the past I don't know year
or whenever the last time you talked about it was
your last game that story is awesome
the first time you told it on here
I remember you got emotional and it was just like hearing it again
just a little more brief
on part of my take it's for anyone
who has never heard that go check it out
you made an appearance as well I mean you've been
a soccer fan for five minutes and you're already making
appearances on soccer shows?
Yes, I was fired up already.
I got invited to go on the Chelsea Mic'd Up podcast.
So I talk about how much I hate anyone who writes me,
like, don't talk about soccer when I've talked about it on here.
Like, I can't, like, if I ever met you and you said that,
I'd just be like, get away.
Like, you're such a loser.
But I got the chance to do it on that pod.
And maybe I can get back on or maybe i can get
into something or maybe i just like don't let these people affect me and i continue to talk
but chelsea is on a roll and we went on to talk about the new manager a couple of the signings i
had a bunch of questions for these guys as i'm still like learning my way around the game but
i will say and i don't know if i said it on chicklets i think i've learned more about soccer
in whatever it's been three or four months than any human has in the history of learning about soccer for three or four months
i got one quick soccer question now they weren't doing great they fired their manager
is there a possibility that they can still win the overall they can't win the league this year
man city is just running away with it uh yeah man man city's so so good they're the best team but
it's all about well it's all about,
well, it's all about winning
the Premier League,
but you got to finish top four,
you get Champions League.
And they're still alive
in Champions League this year.
And they're up 1-0 on Madrid,
Atletico Madrid,
in the round of 16.
So they have a home game too.
They won on the road.
It was a neutral site.
But yeah, I love it.
I'm all in.
I finally have a team.
I now understand, by the way, I won't chirp people anymore for saying we,
because I say we.
This is the first time I've ever said really we about a team.
Is Champions League, if you win that,
more important than winning the British Premier League?
That would be a great question.
I'm guessing it is bigger
because you're winning the entire title in Europe.
Or maybe, I mean, is it
There's teams in Russia.
There's teams from Russia.
Yeah, I think Champions League is a bigger W.
But tweet me your opinion, and then I won't respond if you're mean
and tell me not to talk about soccer.
Me and Biz got to meet troops at the aforementioned Pink Whitney Cup,
and he is an electric factory. Oh, I got to meet that guy. aforementioned Pink Whitney Cup, and he is an electric factory.
Oh, I got to meet that guy. He was screaming
at somebody in a restaurant last night, I saw.
Was that legit, or were they just
talking soccer? I think it was an
Arsenal watch party. So, like, the
bar was bumping with Arsenal fans, and he's just
going at it with some guy. North London Derby.
Yeah, I want to go to
battle with him. Absolutely.
Alright, moving back over to the news uh we
talked about this before it's official espn and abc are back in bed with the nhl the league will
partner with disney through the 28th season uh it's 400 the deal according to the athletic is
worth 400 million dollars per year again this is just a deal with abc slash espn uh abc is going
to have four complete stanley cup finals they're going to air four of the next seven or eight,
which is fantastic to have on, you know, one of the three major networks
or four major networks like that.
They're bringing the theme song back, which is awesome.
Gary Thorne, he wants back in.
I know he's 72 years old, but he's open.
He's not a front worker for the Orioles anymore.
Stephen A. Smith, he dropped that, what, four-minute video of top five reasons.
Like, he's psyched for hockey. Did you guys get a chance chance to see that i know it kind of went pretty viral the other day
i'm a huge stephen a guy so i mean hey like i said we talked about before but it's official and i know
you know i'm a hockey fan i've shit on espn as much as anybody but like i i tweeted that picture
of uh don colione and what's his name uh to taglia hugging at the meeting and the godfather like just
let bygones be bygones.
Forgive everybody.
And, you know, the league will be better on ESPN.
They know, everybody knows they pimp their own products.
If you're in bed with them, then they're going to, you know,
we're going to see a lot more Connor McDavid and Austin Matthews on there.
So from my understanding, I think that, you know,
given the pandemic and everything, they were maybe,
I don't want to say disappointed with the number that they got.
I think Bettman was hoping for more but the good news about this though is there's still more tv
rights to be sold correct yeah people are saying nbc will probably still stay involved and that
could be for 200 million a year so then you're looking at 600 million a year and their old deal
was 200 go ahead biz you can give your no no no i was just i was just more of asking a question but
at the at the end of the day this is just great for the league um you know more exposure and and
as you mentioned already espn the biggest sports network in the united states like having that type
of exposure where games are especially important ones like playoffs and stanley cup games are on
at bars it's just gonna eventually elevate the play and you know i i on at bars, it's just going to eventually elevate the play. And, you know, I think that, yeah, hockey's definitely on the rise,
and this was a big move by the league to get more eyes involved.
I love it.
That's very well said.
And there's a lot of people who are, like, chirping,
like, who cares about the song?
Like, I mean, nobody cares about the song,
but it's an absolute banger.
It's a classic.
It's almost as good as the song before the sandbaggers
for that two minutes countdown.
And I just think back to ESPN was where I was watching hockey,
playoff hockey, when I really fell in love with the game, 94,
New York Rangers.
It was like I just think of hearing that music and think back
to all the big games and Lemieux on the Penguins.
And yeah, it was so long ago,
but where ESPN is and how many teeth like they're, they're on,
they're in every sports bar, every bar has ESPN on. So there you go.
It's just more eyes on hockey. I think it's great. And yeah,
I would definitely agree that they're probably,
we're hoping for more money and look at it as a little bit of a
disappointment, but that was all prior to COVID. So any,
anyone with a brain understands.
You can't try to even compare it now to what you thought you might have.
Are they bringing back Barry Melrose?
Barry Melrose is still there.
Bouchergras, very happy for my boy, John Bouchergras.
He's a great guy, and he's been drumming hockey as hard as he can
for as long as he's been at ESPN since they got rid of it.
But he used to host NHL Tonight with Barry Melrose,
and then Ray Ferraro, I think,
maybe was on there at times, but that's a guy who's so fired up, right?
I mean, who knows?
He's done the play-by-play for the NCAA National title game
for a long while now on ESPN, so we'll see where he ends up,
and it's an exciting time because I think it's just
dude, remember when it was on OLN the Outdoor Life Network? Yeah.
That was my rookie
year. I played on the OLN.
Now we're on ESPN.
I love it. That's a good point because
that's the one channel that's on every bar
restaurant. You sit in the barbershop. It's always
ESPN and it's always the highlights
of the teams they're in business with.
The NHL is in business with them now so we'll see
them a lot more. Also too, I don't know if you're aware, if you have Hulu,
you can watch ESPN Plus on your Hulu now,
which there have actually been games on ESPN Plus this whole season,
actually the last two seasons.
I don't know if people know that, but if you go on Hulu,
you can actually watch NHL games on your Hulu, too, these days.
So worth noting also, too, because Fox is still in the running.
I know everybody thinks NBC is going to be the other partner.
Right now, I guess they're somewhat a pot on money.
But Richard Deitch, who covers sports media for The Athletic,
he said Fox is a dark horse, so they're not completely out of it.
It is crazy, though.
Fox doesn't have  after the Super Bowl, Fox has nothing.
They have NASCAR.
They do baseball, right?
Don't they do the World Series?
Yeah, but I'm saying from February, whatever, 5th on,
they have college basketball and NASCAR.
They have nothing.
So until, yeah, until springtime when baseball comes.
So, yeah, you'd think they'd get involved.
It is kind of weird.
But, yeah, it was great news to see,
and it seemed like that was going to be the case
you kind of heard the rumblings for a little while now yeah and obviously their production is what it
is they do a great job with nfl and nba and like i said we're happy to be back let's let bygones
be bygones and everybody move forward and grow the game right piss let's fucking go baby let's
fucking go all right our buddy keith the end though obviously he played in his thousandth
game as we mentioned well he had his first game back in Florida. They were able to celebrate it.
His team gave him a few gifts, and we got a little FaceTime with him.
So what do you say, boy?
Send it over to KY right now?
Let's send her over.
Yep.
All right.
Here's our boy, Keith Yandel.
Welcome now to a special guest, one of our faves.
Keith Yandel is joining us, and 1,000 games played.
He had a celebration Saturday night, March 13th,
where I and Paul Bissonnette amongst many others spoke to say,
what a great guy and what a amazing career you've had now joins.
Let's talk about it, buddy. How are you doing? How happy are you right now?
Yeah. Well, first off, thanks for the kind words from both you guys.
I appreciate you
doing nothing um but uh i got kicked out of the alumni yeah hey hey on a serious note though i
think that three quarters of three quarters of mine got got cut off i was ranting on and i'm
like yeah i probably should have tightened it up and been less of a clown because because it was going out to the masses no it was great i mean it was you
your voice squeaked and you made it you're like did my voice just squeak i'll send you the whole
video afterward i whip my cock out and shit the best was uh radar ray bork he just like
you know this face keithy oh yeah In his pool, like right by his pool.
Oh, yeah, barbecuing.
Just, yeah.
That was special, too, obviously, with having the legend Bubba Bork himself.
But, yeah, you guys killed it, as always.
So you got to be honest.
Sorry, R.A.
You had no idea about the song Shirts, or you had heard something?
I had no clue, no clue. Those things are fresh. I swear to God. Oh, they're insane. How metallic is that silver up in the song shirts or you had heard something? I had no clue. No clue.
Those things are fresh.
Oh, they're insane.
How metallic is that silver up in the song?
Juice.
It's juice.
It really is.
Yeah.
We charged your credit card for those.
So just give me the heads up now.
Yeah.
You get them on the Barstool Sports Store.
That's all right.
I saw the charge.
I did retweet the pitch at Keith.
I at least did that anyways. appreciate you uh yeah no i came into the locker room and i saw those hanging i saw one
of the guys had it on and i literally had to walk out of the locker room because i was i was gonna
cry oh really oh yeah i saw your quote i saw your quote after and like it was just so cool to see
dude you know how how long we've known each other and
it was just like seeing the video of that many teammates that you've just you know made a
difference in their lives it was awesome and all the guys back home our stormers our crew
we were just like so proud of you so i'm i'm glad you you felt that way but you got to also
kind of fill us in on this golf cart situation will this thing be allowed at like your home course uh one of them
i think it is one of them i think it's allowed at uh which i've seen people drive their own golf
cart there because a lot of people in florida just drive them around and you can you can uh
i don't know if it has the hookup for the bag i won't even bring club i think you can put the um
you can put the license plate on it and be like driving it on las olas though you won't see me driving a car yeah i will
be strictly i'll be the guy you ever see in las olas they shuttle people back and forth to like
the hotels that'll be me it's like 350 but you gotta you gotta tip on no no 399
a when you retire you could be like the people in uh in scottsdale who drive the people
around to bars or is that kind of what you were talking about yeah kind of the exact same thing
i just said yeah drive drive up to the villages go looking for gilfs with that fucking thing what's
what's las solas that's the street it's like the main street yeah oh okay well how pipped out is
buzz town it's it's insane it's it's got like a it's
got a backup camera it's got uh like a little it's got like basically a little ipad on the front
uh it hums it goes like 30 miles an hour i took we took it we took it for a ride around the rink
last night it was unbelievable like eight guys on it after the game and the song shirts it was
great bumps music it has like you could watch
movies on it uh cooler in the back the thing is insane so nice actually to get a dub on that game
because before the before it was it was kind of a long like ceremony i was like he must be like oh
my god way to get this game started my legs are jelly yeah it was uh it's one of those things
you especially like
when the spotlight's on you you're like oh god you just kind of want it to end you know what i mean
but but yeah exactly uh but i had biz man like we had a lot of thousand games in phoenix and
like being a part of them i think is so cool and like i remember being so excited for guys and guys
were like that with me and it was like it meant the world to me how much the guys loved it.
I would say besides Biz being upset about the money he's losing, like you are so genuinely happy for guys.
Because I think once you play, I don't know, like what, 30, 40 games in the league, maybe one season, you realize how many games a thousand it's like biz would you not i remember i remember i don't know in my fourth year being like holy shit i'm
at like 220 this guy's got a thousand so i think that's what's so special is that you do feel bad
that it takes so long but you had to know everyone was just i had to retire because that's just too
many loads in my belly button for pregame hey hey but on a serious note though the reason we had you on is
we want you to count to a thousand like patrick came did so uh just you could start now he can't
get past seven he's more educated than i am i would imagine i i would be here for a while
they should have put your cat yeah um what is it cap friendly fucking career earnings on for the
license plate had like 17 numbers on the bottom
looked like a license
plate in England
they gave you a Rolex too didn't they
yeah the team got me a Rolex
Kevin Hayes bought me a Rolex
yeah Kevin Hayes with the classiest
he's got two fucking Rolexes
in a vehicle he's already sold one
of them I'm making a comeback
so Hazy sent it to Kristen fucking rolexes in a vehicle he's already sold one of them i'm making a comeback fuck this shit
so hazy hazy sent it to kristen and gave it to me on the on the game on the day of the game and
obviously i was showing it off to all the guys and like so i'm like dude hazy just bought this
watch it's unbelievable it's like nicest thing one individual has ever done for me and just like
he was i was reading the text and chris i was like
front i couldn't even get through the text like and um so i was showing the guys obviously on the
during the before the game i'm like yeah he's and they were all like they were waiting to give me
my rolex yesterday and they're like oh man like this guy thinks we didn't get him anything but i
i was like i didn't even like think that they were like you must have thought we were a joke i'm like i actually didn't even think it like twice about it i didn't get him anything. But I was like, I didn't even think that. They were like, you must have thought we were a joke.
I'm like, I actually didn't even think twice about it.
I didn't think I was getting anything.
Yeah, I got two watches.
I made out like a bandit.
You started shaking there for a second when you said they didn't buy anything.
No, I've seen it.
R.A. got it off the truck for Hazy.
That's how we
It came with the Alpine that we put in the golf cart for him.
Yeah.
Also, you sunk the cameraman out, too.
I mean, first game back at home after 1,000, you sunk the cameraman.
How appropriate.
What was that?
Have you seen this?
Y'all even seen it?
You kind of sunk.
You had, like, two sunks, one to a player, one to a cameraman. You fake passed it from behind the net up the right side.
The cameraman bit like an absolute, like, Muppet. Like behind the net up the right side. The cameraman bit like an
absolute Muppet. The camera
just rips left. Then it goes back to you and you realize
you hadn't moved the puck. You're carrying it up ice
and you kind of song to drop pass
to somebody. All of a sudden, there's a
video of some little kid watching it with his
dad. The kid is like seven. He's like
song.
I thought there was an earthquake.
That was the worst seven yearold voice a human being's ever done.
But, yeah, that's for the video.
I'll send it to you.
Yeah, I got to see.
If it was on, like, Twitter or anything, I didn't see it.
That's awesome.
I got to see it.
As far as the game went, I ended up watching most of it.
Fucking Barkov, dude.
Holy.
Yeah, he's a joke.
These guys, it's fucking nuts.
Dude, he played
five minutes on the penalty kill 240 on the pp he's relied upon in every single situation yeah
yeah he he's gonna play goalie next game oh is he okay nice yeah he's gonna get the start
the guy he's he is one of the most insane hockey players I've ever seen. Like, just all aspects of the game.
Defensively, he gets like 10 takeaways a game.
And then never takes penalties.
Just like, he's an absolute horse.
Wins, draws.
It's insane.
And he's the best guy in the world, too.
And obviously a big reason for the team's overall success.
You guys are playing some great hockey. I mean, I know it's a pretty tough division at the world, too. And obviously a big reason for the team's overall success. You guys are playing some great hockey.
I mean, I know it's a pretty tough division at the top with Carolina and Tampa Bay.
But just overall, how's the season been going?
And what's the room like?
And I guess just kind of fill us all in.
Yeah, it's been great.
Obviously, good start for us.
I think we're halfway through right now. And obviously, we're in a position that we're that we want to be in being in, you know, in the playoff picture right now. But with a tough division, I mean, you play in the same teams, it's tough, you got to play the good teams basically every night. So there's no, there's no off nights, but it's, you know, it's been fun. It's, you know, like I think I was telling you in a tech, you're just playing every game,
like every day you feel like you're playing. So it's just like, it's fun.
You're just going to go on the rank and playing games.
Keith,
does this feel like the first time that you and Tampa have actually had a real
rivalry? I mean, they've, they've both been in Florida for almost 30 years now,
but there's never been a real rivalry.
It seems like until this year with this division set up.
Yeah, probably.
I mean, I think when we play,
we play them always in the beginning of the season.
It seems like it's always heated because we play them like three or four times
in training camp.
And then we usually start the season with them twice.
So it's usually pretty heated the first couple games.
And then, you know, you can go a while without seeing them.
But with the way it is now, you're seeing them a lot lot and um yeah it's definitely a good in-state rival for
sure this kid carter verhege i think i was talking a string back home billy ryan it's like swaggy
verswaggy is his name is that really what it is yeah verswaggy he is swaggoo i think that actually
needs to forever be his name now if an announcer doesn't call him verswaggy. He is Swagoo. I think that actually needs to forever be his name now.
If an announcer doesn't call him versus Swaggy,
Jack Edwards will still fuck it up somehow.
But he kind of reminds us of like Jonathan Marshall,
who went to Florida and didn't have a ton going on
and had battled his way up.
Like this kid played in the East Coast Hockey League.
He looks awesome.
Is that just, I mean, I'm not saying it's just playing with Barkov,
but he must have sides of him where you're like, like wow I can't believe this kid wasn't making a bigger
impact in the NHL yeah it's I mean he is very very talented he flies I don't know if it you
can tell on TV but he is very very fast he's really good with the puck obviously it shows a
lot about how deep Tampa is if you know kind of he wasn't playing a regular
role every single night and uh it also shows you know the hard work he's put in the guys
grinded in the he played in the coast the minors and uh worked his way up to the first line getting
to play with barkov and he uh he's in the like offensive zone he's always around the puck he's
really good at like coming to the play.
Little things that he does during a game that you're like,
this guy's special.
And he's really good.
His shot last night was a cannon.
He's got a really hard shot.
So, yeah, he's a hell of a player for sure.
What's different from last year?
You guys are kind of firing on all cylinders right now.
I know the season, like you said, only half old. But you never really got to that point last year.
What's the big difference? I don't it's it's tough to really say I mean we
I feel like we got a really new group too so it's not a yeah we got I feel like we've got like
10 12 new guys so it's kind of something where you know you come in and it's new faces and
no real you know no one's played together it's kind of a weird train of camp where you know you come in and it's new faces and no real you know no one's played
together it's kind of a weird training camp where you yeah and you're not around everyone too so
it's it's been one of those things that we've just kind of bonded on the ice and been playing and
enjoying ourselves on the ice but uh yeah i couldn't tell you the difference which i think
i think we're a lot faster than we were last year. We brought in guys that are faster.
The way that the league is too now, you've got to be fast to win.
I think they did a good job of that.
Well, pride of Springfield, Vetrano, him straightaway speed,
he's like running back.
Yeah, yeah.
He's running on the ice.
Remember that game, Sonic the Hedge like you he'd go up the thing like the coins okay i used to have it yeah the
haircut um what about all right so talk about the road i, you notoriously had never gotten room service before. Still haven't.
What are you doing?
Uber Eats.
Uber Eats?
Yeah.
He doesn't eat on the curb just because he refuses to get room service.
I mean, they have meals for us, too, in the meal room.
So, I mean, I'm counting that as not room service.
I haven't eaten a dinner in my room.
Let's just say that.
I mentioned yesterday online about underappreciated players and obviously I mentioned Barkov but Huberto is another guy who I mean he flies under the radar
and this is probably one of the best starts he's ever had as far as the team's concerned
just like talk about his impact and you know maybe the step that he's taken this year as far as his
overall overall play yeah and he was a guy too, I think, for the majority of his career.
I mean, I think he was here before Barky,
but he's played a lot of his career with Barkov
and obviously put up monster numbers.
But this year he hasn't played with him that much
and he's still doing what he can do.
I think he's one of the best passers I've ever played with.
He can thread a pass through the
seam in the power play. He's the
guy we want.
With the puck on his stick, he is
insane. But I think he's
proven that he doesn't just have to play with
Barkov. He's making other guys better. He's playing
with Hornquist, who I think has 11
goals or something like that. And the best tan in the
league right now. Yeah.
Does he have a tanning bed or is he just hanging out
outside all day? No, he's
got the spray tan. Yeah, the one
that doesn't wash off. Yeah, yeah.
You got the good one that Whit didn't get.
This guy's
He follows the rules after you have one.
You wouldn't
have a shirt on if you were built
like him, just absolutely shredded
this guy. So you wouldn't have a shirt on if you were built like him just absolutely shredded this guy so you wouldn't have a shirt on so he uh yeah he works on the tan and it's nice is it true hold
on business is it true he said i gotta i gotta get better at golf and somebody asked him why he's
like i bought the course back home i don't know i never heard that but i think you be bought the
course oh you be yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah. That's true.
Yes, yes. That is 100 true.
Oh, sorry. I should have specificized.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You should have what?
Specificized?
I actually said, as I said it,
what was the word?
What is the actual word?
Specified?
Specified.
You weren't even fucking close.
This is English.
Grinnelli looks like he's in a gym room closet.
Yeah, he's at Burlington High.
In the locker room.
During COVID, he got a deal on it.
He'd been telling everybody about it.
Who are the absolute clowns on this team?
Who are the young guys who came in that you guys just torture
because they're silly characters?
Marchman. And why? Masonason marchman his name is mush um i think it's his so he's got he's him and his dad a third all-time for most penalty minutes as a father-son combination he has two
penalty minutes his dad has like 7,000. It's insane.
His father's a savage.
No, Brian Marchment.
No, Brian's his dad.
Yeah, yeah. Savage.
The killer.
Yeah.
This kid, he's great.
He's just like the one you're like, yeah, you torture young guys.
He was getting a massage after the game.
He's played like, I don't know.
I think it's his first.
Yeah.
No, no.
He's playing first line.
He's playing great.
He's kicking Barkov off the table. Yeah, yeah yeah yeah no so i brought barky in with him i'm like barky uh how
many massages have you got in your career and he's like one and then marchi i'm like marchi
that's the best player in the world he's got one massage and then march he's like ah so we put the
massage table in his uh in his stall the next day.
Just like little stuff like that.
But he's great.
Oh, that's the shit I miss, man.
Those are the little things I miss.
As far as the video's concerned, who was the most surprising that you ended up seeing?
Who ended up giving you congratulations?
The most surprised?
I don't know. Buddy and Pattyty off the bat i was surprised by that
for some reason yeah it makes total sense but i don't know why i just thought of players i guess
because thornton asked me and biz so i didn't think of them i knew patty was like uh just
looking for a cocktail after this yeah patty potty exactly uh the most i don't know i saw
so the the whole thing they didn't know. I saw, so the,
the whole thing,
they didn't show last night,
but someone sent me a video.
It's like a seven minute video of all of them.
And Rick matches was,
his was really funny.
We have like an inside joke about key lime pie.
He mentioned that.
So it was,
uh,
his is,
his is good.
Yeah.
I saw that.
I felt so left out that I didn't get it.
Yeah,
no.
So he,
this guy likes key lime pie.
Worst dessert.
You might as well have egg salad for lunch and key lime pie for dessert.
He eats that.
He eats that on the plane.
No.
I swear on our friendship.
If you're eating egg salad in my face, I have to be 20 feet away from you.
Minimum.
So the first time I ever went to dinner, we might have been in Key West. He he's like i'll have the key lime pie i'm like no we won't he's
not having that at this table i call it burnt sour it tastes like burnt sour like if you ever
tried it's disgusting and this guy i don't know if he did it just to like piss me off but he would
get it every time we went to dinner it wouldn't even eat it just order it to the table so you
could stare i don't even think he like yeah hey i went to ocean 44 in scottsdale with a couple buddies and one guy
got it i i haven't talked to him since i blocked his number no i'm serious yeah um uh like not to
go too serious here but like obviously early on like you you know you got to arizona you were
probably having a good time off the ice but like you ended up buttoning it up and obviously like donor and a guy like derrick morris and some other hands helped
you like you know i guess like kind of carve you out to be a more of a professional like you know
i kind of kind of touch on that yeah no those guys were if you know i i was so lucky to obviously
be drafted anyways but to be drafted by phoenix and to be put in a situation where I got to look
up to guys and guys wanted to take care of young guys. And yeah,
I went in there, obviously you're 18, 19, 20 years old and, you know,
you live in near ASU and you kind of, you can,
you can have your fun there. And I think, you know,
seeing donor and Derek Morris, I think, you know, seeing Donor and Derek Morris, Ray Whitney,
you know, guys that just had been around for a while,
that knew how to take care of themselves.
I was able to go out there and train.
You know, Phoenix made me go out there to get away from, you know,
the crew back home a couple summers, which was, you know,
probably sucked at the time but uh we all
thrived once he left town at that point biz yeah i missed out on some fogowis and stuff like that
but uh yeah obviously it worked out and it was one of those things where i needed to you know
figure out how to be a pro and and how to handle myself off the ice and i i definitely thank those
guys uh for showing me the right way.
And it was, you know, saved my career and saved my life.
Everyone just has been so complimentary of you and your career
and all the good games you've played.
But is there any, like, one game in the 1,003 now where you're like,
oh, man, I didn't have it that night?
Yeah.
Is there any?
Yeah, like...
Is there one that sticks out that you were horseshit?
Oh, yeah.
One, like, I mean,
there's got to be about,
I mean, 998,
like, ones where you're just like,
jeez, I'm trying to think think i remember one game we played in
i forget it where was paul career toy was he in uh he was in anaheim colorado or now he's in
nashville it might have been not yeah yeah it was in nashville and there was a game that i was out
there against him and he was i just remember him just and i'm like they got to stop putting me on
the ice when this guy's out here and just like one time i had the puck behind the net and i came out
i didn't see him in front of the goal and he just grabbed the puck and put it in i'm like oh boy what
are we doing here but he's just out thinking you yeah he's just completely in my kitchen um
well yeah one game where i know was out the night before and he fucking had no clue he didn't even
realize that you were out there against him every show.
He was getting eaten alive.
He's blaming Jovo.
Jovo's like, it wasn't even me.
Yeah.
Who was it?
One time we were playing San Jose,
and I tried to make a sauce pass through the middle,
and Jumbo Joe picked it off, came down, probably got an assist
because all he does is pass.
And Gretzky calls me into the office.
He's like, not only should you not be on the ice against Joe Thornton,
you shouldn't try to pass it through him.
I'm like, okay.
Thought I was going to the minors.
But, yeah.
Yeah, there was obviously a lot of tough games.
Actually, going way back, wasn't the first time you got called up,
they just called you up and bagged you and then sent you back down
and you didn't play?
Or am I misremembering that?
I had a lot of bag skates.
With Ulf Sanderson, right?
Yeah, Ulfie was a killer.
Was he one of those 30-minute guys?
Yeah, we used to have no puck practices.
I remember having one of those with Terry, and that's hell on earth for a guy like me yeah yeah yeah for anyone like i have to have contact with people today oh no he called it the sorority
skate spending too much time at asu you know yeah you want to fucking hang out on campus okay
all right line up buddy yeah Get on the line. Yeah.
Well, dude, I swear, as a good buddy of yours,
I think the press conference after I was, like, most impressed
when you said you're so thankful every day that you're in the NHL.
Like, not only did you make it, but you've made it times 10.
It's, like, just been this dream career so far.
So I was so happy for you you and we appreciate you coming on.
We don't want to keep you for too long.
What's that? Ray, Ray Whitney said, you know,
the little NHL symbol on your Jersey. Yeah. Yeah.
He was like, anytime you have that on, it's a good day.
That's true. That's a fact right there. I love it.
All right, buddy. We'll keep it going. And the cats,
the pesky cats on the, on the prowl in South Florida.
We'll talk to you soon.
All right, guys.
No song.
No song.
Yeah.
Congrats on 1,000, brother.
Thank you, guys.
Thanks for everything.
Big thanks, buddy.
Keith, the jumping on with us.
Congrats again.
1,000 games.
He's going to keep on chugging.
Wait, how many guys do you think he got left?
I mean, he's still got fucking good legs.
Three, four. As long as he wants. He fucking good legs, three, four, easily five more.
He's like TB12.
He just keeps going and going.
I also will say, like, so right now he's third in all times games played
in a row behind Gary Unger and Doug Jarvis.
Check out Gary Unger's numbers.
I mean, I know it's a different era, but what a career that guy had.
I didn't know really anything about him until I looked into it once uh seeing the ceremony and doing you know a little research for the show guys
you know i'm a professional so congrats to keith it's awesome and we appreciate him coming on what
else you got for us career admiral well you've heard us talk about whoop it truly is our favorite
fitness wearable it's the fitness tracker that provides 24 7 personalized sleep training and
recovery insights to help you unlock your potential.
Each day, it measures how well you slept, how recovered you are,
and how much stress you put on your body from both your workouts
and going about your everyday life.
WHOOP is won by some of your favorite athletes in the NHL
and on the PGA Tour, but it's not meant for just professional athletes,
as evidenced by me and Grinnelli using them.
WHOOP can help anyone improve their performance by providing personalized
actionable data to help you make smarter decisions.
The Chicklets boys have been wearing our whoop for a while now,
and we've already turned our sleep and recovery into a competition.
I roll with the sleep every week. Once you're on whoop,
you can create a team with your buddies and make sure you chirp whoever's
sitting around and falling behind.
Whoop has helped me get smarter about the way I sleep and has made me so much more aware of my body's recovery
and the way I train when I do train.
And right now, Whoop is offering 15 off
when you use the code CHICKLETS at checkout.
So go to whoop.com, that's W-H-O-O-P.com to join now.
Sleep better, recover faster, and train smarter this year
and beyond with Whoop.
Once again, that code is chicklets.
C H I C L E T S.
All right,
boys,
keep with that thousand games played theme.
Patrick came,
uh,
reached the accomplishment as well.
Last week played in his 1000th game.
He's the seventh Hawk to skate in a thousand games in the Chicago uniform and
the youngest to do it.
Um,
we've talked about it before.
There's another guy who just keeps getting it done with.
I mean,
is,
is he already the best American player?
I know you said he has,
is anything ever going to change your mind?
I doubt it will.
Maybe Austin Matthews,
but I think that Kane is just like such a joy to watch.
I,
it's very hard to repeat yourself over and over with him.
Cause it's just superlative after superlative and you just can't say
enough,
but the game,
the guy's game is just at another level mentally more than anything.
He just out-thinks everyone.
And I know it's the skill, and that's what jumps off the page.
It's like the wow factor of his hands in tight, the shootout moves,
the big-time goal scoring, the clutch goal scoring,
the hat trick he had against LA.
All these memories, but it all stems back to his brain
and how he thinks the game because he knows where all the space is he knows how to create time for himself and he's just
mastered the ability of not getting hit it's just that's not like something that that's a that's a
true like skill with your mind and your brain to be able to just think the game at a at another
level yeah so congrats his hunger and and skill level and the way he plays, like no surprise if he gets to 1,500 and shatters some records at least.
Yeah, I mean, I think he's also a guy, and we just talked about Keith,
and he said, you know, seeing some veterans and realizing what it takes.
I mean, Kane, you know, there was public kind of certain issues off the ice
where he was definitely partying a little bit,
and no doubt about it in the last,
whatever it's been 10, 12 years,
he has changed his life to be dedicated solely towards the game of hockey.
And he cares so much. And when you say the drive and the hunger,
it is true because he changed his entire life around realizing like what he
had and how much he loved it.
Well said buddy. Well said Tampa Bay as expected. Nikita Kucherov is on track to return
for the playoffs.
That news popped out this week.
But I sent you guys an article.
It was in The Athletic about John Cooper and how his career started.
We had mentioned it before, but this article got into that first year
he coached kids in high school.
Didn't really get into much after.
Just a great story, man, how he basically took the job almost as a favor
and it ended up being his career where he reached the pinnacle like 10 years later just
an absolutely incredible read huh biz yeah sometimes the the best things in life start
organically and it's it's obvious that it sparked his passion for the game and he's been on this
incredible wild ride and and found himself in inside a situation where this this is probably
going to be a dynasty yeah i mean tampa's been doing it for quite a while now.
But, boys, the real story out of this division this week,
Carolina Hurricanes, they've won eight games in a row,
41 points, good for second in the league.
I mean, fucking Ajo has been getting it done.
But, dude, Vinny Trocek, man, after the trade last year,
he struggled to adapt a little bit to Carolina.
He's been an absolute stud for them this year so far.
13 goals, 11 assists in 24 games at a point-per-game pace.
Jordan Stahl's having a monster year.
I'll tell you, James Reimer, I mean, he held that fourth down.
Peter Mrazik was out here for a while.
Reimer won some big games for them.
We got to give them their props right now, Wits.
Yeah, they're nasty.
And maybe I was a little off on some preseason predictions,
but this was the one team I said they could surprise win this division
because they are nasty.
And Bryn Damore is such a good coach.
And it's funny you bring up Jordan Stahl,
like getting the chance to see him up close.
You know, I played with him when he was 18, 19.
You could tell he would play for this long,
like his body and the way he played the game.
He was just a man at such a young age.
And just to see him like grow into himself as a player where,
you know,
he was a very high pick and he's not,
he's not an 80 point guy,
but he's very like well aware and what he does well.
And that is like basically what Rod Brindamore did well.
Like,
do they not kind of remind you of each other?
Maybe it's crazy.
And Brindamore,
I don't, I'm not saying exactly remind you of each other? Maybe it's crazy in Brindamore.
I'm not saying exactly playing styles, but I'm saying, like, they make a difference on the game,
not always on the score sheet, right?
And I think Jordan Stahl is, like, the perfect example.
And I saw a rumor or was reading stuff online about possible trades,
like maybe Eric Stahl back to Carolina to play with his brother there.
So I think this team is, who knows if that could even happen,
but this team is fun to watch.
And Trochek, when I was in San Antonio, I've said it a bunch of times,
he was down there.
He had no business in the minors.
Like this kid right off the bat, I was like, what is this kid doing?
But Florida, that's when, like, you know,
I couldn't make the team and the team stunk.
So I think that, like, he finally was given a chance dominated.
And then that injury he had was bad, man. It was like, I remember actually,
I remember actually seeing Keith like visually like rattled and upset after,
after the way he went down and the pain he was in getting off the ice on a
stretcher where his ankles just mangled. So he's feeling good.
And it's just a fun,
it's a hard team to play against and a fun
team to watch and I actually love when they rock the whalers unis like people chirping for that
those whalers unis are sick who cares if they're not in Hartford I will say they have made some
some tremendous trades I mean the trochek one was a bit of a head scratcher for me
as far as Florida maybe giving up on him a little bit early but you said you mentioned that injury
and you know when he came, he definitely wasn't himself.
It seemed like he'd lost a step, but they clearly, to me,
gave up on him a little bit early.
But he's went there and had a great campaign so far
with the Carolina Hurricanes.
But I just feel like their whole team dynamic,
they just all played together.
They all pulled the rope in the same way,
and it stems from that great leadership and Rob Brindamore and the,
and the way their coach, another,
another great trade that I was surprised as when they got Dougie Hamilton.
I mean,
just like another guy on the backend who consistently puts up great
offensive numbers, great shot, you know, very underrated,
but just a lot of guys who have went there and really established their
careers.
I think Dougie's unrestricted after this year, too, if I'm not mistaken.
I could double-check that in a second.
He is. I think he's the one defenseman that's available.
I was looking at unrestricted free agents this offseason.
There are not many.
There are not many good unrestricted free agents coming up,
so I would imagine he signs a pretty nice ticket.
That's very good for some people, you know,
because it's not about how good you are.
It's about who else is available when it comes to UFA.
Remember that, youngins, when you're coming up on your UFA year.
Yeah, need a dance partner.
Another week in the Central Division, Biz.
Another week of twits and line-A drama.
I mean, this is kind of getting a little bit nervous.
I'm over it.
It's getting old.
It's getting old.
Play the quotes.
Play the quotes.
Just to get the listeners up to speed for us,
the team blew a 4-1 third-period lead to Florida the other night.
Laine and Roslovich were on the bench for the last 6.53 of the game.
Roslovich did get an OT.
Laine didn't.
Here's what Torch had to say about it.
Yeah, you know, you guys call it a benching and all that. My job is to, throughout hockey games, make decisions on who's going, who isn't, situational play,
momentums of games, what the other team's putting out there.
There's a lot of things coming to play, especially when we're reeling a little bit there.
So, yeah, I make decisions on players' ice times
and where I put them all the time.
And is it a benching?
No, I didn't bench anybody last night.
I just decided to play some other people in situations late in the third period
that I felt more comfortable with at that time and uh those are the calls i have to make as as uh running the bench so i know all the drama starts
with the benchings and this and that i i don't get it it's just it's just my decisions as far
as who i think is going to give us the best chance in those minutes. You guys think I don't want to play Patty?
I want to play him.
But I still have to make calls as far as how the players are playing at that particular time.
I'll go a little deeper for you, just to try to explain it
so you understand it.
I thought Patty probably played one of his best periods
in the first period.
He played really well.
But I also have to make calls as the rest of his game is going on,
where he is at that particular time, especially late in the third period,
and us reeling a little bit.
And, yeah, so I'm not  I'd love to be able to put all my top guns out there.
But they  I also have to
look at how they're playing at that particular time too. And so I hope that explains it for you.
There's no free passes because you're, you're notably the top gun. I don't look at it that way.
I look at what's happening right now, as far as in those minutes of the hockey game and uh and and go that way and if i make mistakes absolutely uh but i'm certainly
going to go up my stomach as far as what i feel is best at that particular time for the hockey club
so i'm sorry to interrupt or hop in there all right but like this guy is he like messing with everyone is he like trying to fuck
with everyone like what do you mean you didn't bench him you didn't play him what is what is
i understand that you're saying he doesn't give you the best chance to win but how can you not
consider that benching it's like i i think he was messing with everyone to try to think like
what will they say because i'm i'm saying i'm completely contradicting myself or am i wrong here biz i don't know you look like so confused and like
were you listening to me it's like i don't want to be too critical because like i'm i'm you know
i'm not i don't know the guy but i just i'm just kind of like if i had a coach who was always the
center of attention it would drive me absolutely fucking mad it would drive me mad and i feel like
that that's how it is there and and maybe blame it
on the media as far as like he'd say he's not doing anything i guess yeah just answering and
they're teeing him up and maybe maybe he's frustrated i don't know i just feel like it's
like every week there's something going on between torts and one of his fucking players
it's like every fucking week no and light lining the best he's like he goes i thought i was playing good i guess not
i i think the problem was is it was the best first period he's ever had he was the first
period was the best period i've ever seen him play and then and then i think he he was he made
a mistake on the like the second goal that kind of snowballed their their comeback for two of them
but it's like holy fuck i mean if the guy plays 20 minutes a night,
I mean, mistakes are going to happen, right?
So I don't know.
It's a fucking gong show.
It's never ending.
Columbus, disappointing season.
A lot of expectations there.
I mean, you shouldn't say a lot.
You shouldn't say a lot.
I misspoke.
But definitely on what they've done,
even after losing key guys and bouncing back,
it was more was expected than we've we've
seen and been given i did watch them play against dallas the other game where it ended up going to
overtime and i can't remember exactly who got the overtime winner maybe it was warinski for for the
blue jackets but uh great solid game i thought both teams were good and dallas is another team
that i was tweeting about i thought that they got kind of hosed a little bit early, as did a few other teams because of the lockdown
and how they weren't able to play many games and get in a rhythm.
And all of a sudden now they're going to be log jammed in the back part.
And they've dealt with some injuries.
Sagan hasn't been in the lineup.
I think Rupe Hintz has been out.
And they haven't been able to find their rhythm.
But those are two teams who, I mean, they're on the outside looking in.
And I know that Dallas does have some games in hand but uh i pick columbus and dallas
to make playoffs and it's it's not looking good dallas is shocking dallas is like oh my god what
is going on there i thought they were gonna be nice it's it's unfortunate because bishop can't
stay healthy when he's healthy his numbers are incredible's been a Vesna finalist for three times.
I mean, their goaltending, I think
help me out here with his name.
Ottinger?
Ottinger, right?
Yeah, not Hudobin.
Hudobin's number one. Now Ottinger's
backing him up. BU, former
BU terror. Their numbers
have kind of leveled off.
They seem to be always in every
game but they just can't haven't been able to find the wins and uh although they did get one uh
one today on on sunday so hopefully they can get things going and figure things out because
the last time i believe a team went to the finals and didn't make playoffs was after uh
the la kings won the cup in 2014 and then the next year they didn't make playoffs.
Huh?
No business pulling.
That was the last time.
That guy.
That guy.
One other note from the division.
Nashville's Dante Favreau was given a two game suspension for elbow and Carolina's Brock McGinn earlier in the week.
Keep your elbows down, Dante.
Come on, Dante.
Oh, we didn't even mention our second guest.
We're not bringing him on quite yet,
but Brent Sutter won a Stanley Cup
with the early 80s Islanders, played in the league for a bunch of fucking 20 years.
I think he won two cups.
He won two cups, yep.
Then he coached in the league for five years.
Then he returned to Red Deer to take on the local junior squad.
We're going to get to him shortly.
But first, his brother, Darryl, just took over the Calgary Flames,
and he busted out the bag skate right away.
No surprise there.
I think Jeff Ward might have been a little too much of a player's coach for him.
But Darryl Sato, what should we expect out of Carolina, Biz, going forward?
Calgary.
Calgary.
Sorry, Cal.
That's staying in.
Calgary is 2-0 since he took over behind the bench.
And, Biz, I know that you've talked a lot before about
what LA guys said about him and we discussed when his hiring last episode but in reading and like
seeing what's going on there definitely seems to be a different vibe around the team like Tanev
said they had the best practice they'd had all season the first practice that he was on the ice
and people said he bag skated him they everyone did three up and backs, I think it was,
or up, back, and then there again.
Like, it was not a bag skate.
It was for three minutes.
And guys said they loved it, 40 minutes.
Daryl Sutter is going to make that team more accountable.
That's just no doubt.
Like, he will, I'm not going to say scare guys,
but he'll make you aware that you just won't play
and that it's not acceptable. And I'm not saying that the scare guys, but he'll make you make you aware that you just won't play and that it's not
acceptable.
And I'm not saying that the,
the guy that was there before,
excuse me,
I can't remember Jeff Ward,
right?
I'm not saying that he wasn't doing that,
but it's just a different vibe coming from a guy who's been around this
league and wait till you hear his brother's interview guys.
It's one of the funnest.
I don't know if that's a word,
most fun interviews we've ever done stories galore,
but you can tell growing up a sutter is like it's
there's no bullshit right and so i think that calgary in beating montreal two in a row
that's that's hope for them um they're battling four or five right now with montreal you'd have
to think that will be the five teams battling for the four spots right if tor Toronto and Winnipeg are in, and then you see Edmonton looking real good,
and then also you have to imagine
Vancouver's not that far out right now,
which has been surprising
because they started off so poorly.
But Calgary is now alive,
and I think that you're going to see
a different team moving forward
in these next couple weeks.
Yeah, just from what I've been reading,
they're playing with a little bit more pace and speed,
and they're supporting the puck better.'s that's i mean i'm trying
to say if there's much information online i think people were a little bit hyperbolic about the fact
that they started out practice with nice word that's my that's my go-to um oh shout out to um
lucic and josh anderson it was kind of anderson who stepped to him and that's like in my mind
that was like a little out of his weight class,
but that's shows a lot of balls. That was a good fight.
That was a great scrap, great scrap. And Lutz still has it obviously.
But yeah, I mean, trying to get Montreal going, that was,
that was a good one to watch.
So I had this written down on my notes. I think I,
I know because of the division situation,
I think fighting's making a comeback. I think that, uh, I think that, that,
that the, the, the, the,
that the concussion talk and the consequences and yada, yada, yada.
I think that that kind of deterred a little bit.
I think teams are starting to see that there's value in adding more and more
toughness. No.
Are the numbers. Yeah. Yeah. They are. I don't have them right in front of me,
but I know they, they're definitely up this, this season.
There's way more fights. Now, there was one night the other night
they did four separate fights in different games.
And, yeah, it's good to have that passion back.
The passion fights, exactly.
All right.
The passion fights.
I'm kind of hopping over divisions here,
but San Jose adding this Curtis Gabriel.
I mean, he's not playing any tummy sticks.
He's gaining a lot of enemies quick right off the hop fighting Revo.
I don't know if you guys saw this.
Him and Kyle Clifford were chirping at each other in warm-up one game.
I'd be interested to hear what that conversation was like
because you don't oftentimes see Clifford going out of his way in warm-up.
And it was for like 15 minutes.
It was the whole warm-up.
And then, sure, that was another great scrap.
Yeah, that was.
And I believe the next game against Anaheim,
he ended up going to Laurier.
So he's out to make a name for himself,
and you could definitely see that the fighting is on the rise.
And I'm curious to know if they're going to be able to sustain it
once the divisions are back to being realigned
and people are playing
out of division if it continues a source told me they were talking about the takashi 69 documentary
there's before the game listen i i've made it very clear that i'm invested into the rap game
i i'm not i'm not a supporter of takashi 69 but folks go check out this documentary on this kid on hulu why are you giggling
no i just think it's hilarious that biz has like the thing for takashi i don't know we talk about
a bunch and i did i watched the dark britney and britney he says like tweet at him free britney
well the britney thing i i kind of get because you see the circumstances but i watched that
takashi 69 doc too and
I don't know I just I all I hear
about is his music but it just seems like he's more of like
a troll than anything than an actual
musician and people take the bait
and even at the end of the doc not really a spoiler
but the director's like did I just take his
bait too and it's like yeah you just fucking gave him
a two hour movie. Why are you so
like amazed by this guy Biz?
I just think that the come-ups
amazing and the fact that they're they're became this whole soundcloud rap game where these kids
didn't really necessarily need they didn't need as much of the industry in order to make them
famous to where they kind of found their own outlet and and there was all this listen the the
music most of the soundcloud music coming out. It's so bad. It's terrible.
It's terrible.
But I just found it fascinating.
I think that Takesha69 will even tell you, he's like, I don't make good music, but I make fucking wild videos.
And his come up just took on a mind of its own. And the fact that he got invested with these gangs and he kind of like used it as his come up.
And it's just a fascinating documentary
and and this this kid is just he he wanted to be famous and he found a way to get famous and
and if you have any interest in in uh in like chaotic energy i would recommend you guys check
it out i'd rather go to disney springs build a t-rex lunch 365 days a year then listen to takashi 6617 fair enough i would never
like i heard one of his songs once i almost threw up so ra back in your era not to like throw a
jad that you're a little bit older but can you can you think of even anyone similar um in the
music industry that kind of used that uh not not just the trolling but the
shock value in order to gain steam and eventually propelled their career to to a high level well
not really because the the internet is such a huge factor here like before you had to have somebody
cover you now with the internet you can just put something out there and people will discover it so
no this is kind of all new to have somebody you know get their name out there by just basically
fucking around the internet.
I mean, I would say going back to since music started,
some people have always done kind of PR stunts,
but nothing along these lines that I can recall.
I mean, maybe in other genres of music I haven't really paid attention to.
Not liking the music at all.
Did you find it fascinating how it all came to be?
Yeah, from a neutral perspective, like, you know, this guy's
fascinating life,
rollercoaster, whatever you want to call it. Yeah, it was definitely
interesting from that perspective.
You know, I wouldn't say it was like the
best documentary I saw. He just
basically just does all this weird shit and trolls
everyone and takes the bait. I'm just surprised.
All right, you're basically telling
Biz that it's to be like somebody
telling you they hated Ted Lasso.
It's kind of fucked up.
I could get why somebody would hate that documentary.
I just found it very, very fascinating.
I didn't hate it.
I'm not as enamored with the guy as other people.
He's definitely a character
of some sort. I'm just surprised he's still alive
to testify against fucking gang members like that
and point fingers and be a snitch.
They ain't got him yet. he's still fucking out in public.
So I don't know if he's got some...
Now he's picking fights with Meek Mill.
Yeah.
All right, and that concludes the rap portion of the...
Yeah, that's it.
That's it about the SoundCloud rappers.
Now let's go to Brent Sutter.
He's probably, like, listening to this intro like,
what the fuck?
All right, actually, before we get to Brent Sutter, hey, guys, we want to get serious for one second.
The last year has been pretty hot on a lot of people, and that's why we're doing something new,
and we're partnering with our new sponsor, BetterHelp Online Therapy.
A lot of us take care of our bodies, but with this tough of a year as it's been on a lot of people,
we might also want to think more about taking care of our minds.
A lot of people battle with their temper or their stress is about to kill them or they have depression, anxiety,
PTSD, the list goes on. If this is you, you can use therapy to get some tools that make life easier.
BetterHelp is customized online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions
with your therapist so you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to. It's much more affordable than in-person therapy and you can start communicating with your therapist
in under 48 hours. Join the millions of people who are seeing what therapy is really all about.
It's always a good time to invest in yourself because you are your greatest asset.
This podcast is sponsored by BetterHelp and our listeners get 10 off their first month at betterhelp.com slash chiclets.
That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L-P dot com slash chiclets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And, R.A., you know, so many people will at times, like,
feel bad or feel embarrassed about not feeling great about themselves,
and that just should never be the case because everyone goes through it.
And I think people who do get the chance to talk to somebody realize how much
it can help.
So check that out for sure.
Well said wit.
And now we're going to send it over to Brent Sutter.
You're going to love this one.
Well,
I'd like to welcome our next guest to the show.
He played over 18 NHL seasons with the Islanders and Blackhawks,
winning two Stanley Cups on Long Island back in the 80s.
He's won two World Junior Gold Medals, coaching Team Canada and a Memorial Cup.
He also spent five years coaching the Devils and Flames before returning to Alberta,
where he currently serves as president, general manager,
and head coach of the Red Deer Rebels of the Western Hockey League.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Brent Sutter, how are we doing, my friend?
Hey, doing awesome.
What an intro, Jesus.
What has this guy not done?
He drives the bus.
You drive the bus, too, don't you? You make the lunches for the team?
Yeah, I change the oil in the engine in the bus, yeah.
Make it look mean.
Unbelievable.
So how's the arena life treating the team?
Are you sleeping at the arena as well like everybody else?
Nope.
God, no.
No one knew the president.
No.
What we do, though, is we do have two suites for staff.
So there's two staff that rotate in and out and stay with the kids in the
suites.
So we always make sure there's somebody always here.
The guy that people like someone like myself,
I fall under the protocols,
the same protocols if some,
what other teams are doing and where they just,
kids would just be at their billets.
So I'm allowed to be at the rink and,
and basically back at the farm.
So they can't go anywhere else.
How have the players been adapted to it?
Is it something they got quickly used to?
You know what?
The players have been awesome.
You know, it was within a day this was really their choice.
We gave them three options, stay at the billets, stay in a hotel,
or be here and with the protocols that are in place
we had if you're at the billets you can only be at the rink or at the billets house
or there was a hotel you need to be here at the hotel well the kids can't see each other once
they leave the rink yeah so this was uh i just thought from an organizational standpoint
my son merrick and my uh who's my senior vp and my nephew sean who's my assistant gm we just all
thought the right thing to do would be for the players to be here but let's let them have that
choice so we talked to them and it was pretty unanimous across the board they all wanted
to be at the rink so they could be hanging out with each other and doing things when uh
when we're not practicing or working out so then there's a lot we got a lot for them to do here
there's they got uh basketball hoops uh ping the ping pong things became the the real key thing
here they got tournaments going and stuff like that going on on we got this all set up on the
concourse and basketball hoops.
And we basically moved the bikes and everything from the waiting room upstairs on the concourse just because of social distancing.
And they got card games going.
Of course, they got all their video stuff going and stuff that they do on their phones.
But they have TVs everywhere.
video stuff going and stuff that they do and they do on their phones,
but they have TVs everywhere.
There's basically living rooms set up in different areas of the rink where there's couches and the meals are unbelievable.
We've got catering service here right at the rink that's been service.
They've been serving the kids all their meals.
They've been treated extremely good.
So, you know, I wouldn't want it any other way.
Well, you've certainly turned
red deer into just such a powerhouse program in the whl and it's pretty cool that you know you
get to play in red deer and then now you're coaching and i i kind of want to go back to
your whole family though and that's hockey royalty and for people who don't don't know
six sutter brothers played in the nhl six stanley cups over 5 000 games played there was actually a
seventh brother gary who i'm reading all you guys say was the best player,
but he didn't play.
Was there stories to go along with him staying back on the farm,
with what I'm reading, and kind of taking over business there?
Well, Gary could play any position except goal.
I mean, he could play forward, defense.
Gary was a very intense, high-strung player.
He'd get suspended off and on for spearing guys
and for doing stuff like that back in the day.
And he was a tough, tough player when he played.
And yet when he was 16 years of age,
he, him and brother Brian had an opportunity to go to Red Deer
and play junior with the wrestlers.
And Gary chose not to.
He had a girlfriend back home that he decided,
and she came from a tough family.
And Gary stayed home
to help her through that
and chose not to pursue
a hockey career at that time
and Brian
went and
that's really it in a nutshell
and Gary stayed home and he
stayed back at Viking and
got married and unfortunately
a year, year and a half later after he married her,
they went through a divorce.
So yeah.
I was going to ask, was there like growing up, like did your father play?
Like what, you know, I mean, being from Viking, of course,
that's one of the only things to do playing out in the ponds because it's so cold.
But, you know, did you feel like there was a pressure or anything?
No, not at all.
Dad didn't play at all.
Oh, Dad played.
He played with his work boots on in the sloughs.
And he had the puck all the time because if we ever went near him, he'd spear us.
And so he got to play at the puck the whole time when we played on the sloughs, if he played with us.
So no, dad never played.
There was never any pressure from dad at all.
It was just something, you know, what a small town.
Everybody, all the kids played hockey.
You know, there's seven boys.
You know, we had the sloughs on the farm that we'd go scrape off and play.
We'd play until it was a full moon.
You'd play all night long.
off and play we'd play until it was a full moon you'd play all night long um and then during the summer we we'd throw all the bales out of the hayloft and we'd play up in the hayloft in the
barn so we had a big barn and then we just kept going neighbor kids or friends would come over
and we'd have tournaments we'd do whatever so um yeah it was like hockey was not just a
you know a six month game for us we played year-round, just did it in different ways.
You guys must have been beating the fucking wheels off each other in this fucking barn.
I can only imagine the scraps that were going on.
Well, you know what?
It would get pretty intense sometimes, and then you just hear the steps coming up.
The boots.
Coming up the steps. Dad walking up the steps coming up. The boots. Coming up the steps.
Dad walking up the steps.
You could hear his footsteps coming up.
And it was like, okay, we all better stop right now.
Because Dad would come up and beat the shit out of all of us.
That's just the way it was.
Isn't there a story when you guys ended up getting to junior
where he was heading into a game and then there was cops there
or something like that?
Somebody teed me up for one okay uh yeah it was the year that actually our team won
canada that year we were playing in st albert and it was a pretty intense uh rival between st
albert and and red deer and uh we had a really good team that year we built our team to win Canada and I mean our our smallest defenseman at that time
was five foot ten 210 pounds so brother Ronnie Rich Richie and I were scrubs on that team even
though like we were pretty good players and I got drafted that that was the team I got drafted from
in the first round that year was by the Islanders was was from red deer with that playing on that team but um
what happened was we went into st albert and it's always was an intense rival between the two teams
and was always brawls right and brawls back in the day wasn't two fights or it was a full
bench clearing brawl right and the bench was emptied, it didn't even get a chance for that to even happen. We went to the rink, got dressed, left our gloves in the dressing room,
and they did the same thing, and we just went out on the ice and teed off.
And, of course, there wasn't many fans in the building time was during warm-up
and no one brought their sticks out we ever just went out we started fighting
and uh it was crazy and uh it end up in the pilling box up in the stands uh there was there
was the general managers end up fighting in the foyer.
Our coach, John Chapman, at the time, he got suspended 12 games from the game before
because he chased a referee on the ice in Sherwood Park after a game.
So he ended up not coming there with us.
So our general manager, Graham Parsons, he hid underneath the bench.
He went out there.
And, of course, Mark Messier's dad, Doug, is a tough cookie.
And Doug is their coach.
And this was a real, it was a shit show.
It was, it ended up in the concourse.
They eventually turned the lights off.
And the police came.
They shut the lights off.
And, of course, Mom and Dad are driving up to the game.
And, you know, it's just over an hour, an hour and a half drive to get up to St. Albert from biking.
And they pull in the parking lot.
Well, when we walked off the ice, the police just basically told us, grab your stuff, get your skates off, grab your stuff, and get on the bus and get out of town.
get your skates off, grab your stuff, and get on the bus and get out of town.
So we were walking on the bus, and Mom and Dad pulled up into the parking lot,
and we got all our equipment in there.
You know, you got your sticks and bags, and you throw them underneath the bus,
and you're walking on the bus, and we're still dressed up,
and Dad just walks up and just goes, you asshole, and turned around and left.
That was it. Chip in for, and turned around and left. That was it.
You had to chip in for gas money for mom and dad.
And, you know, the next morning,
brother Darrell was playing in American hockey.
He just came back from Japan, and he played in Japan that year,
and he came back, and he was playing for the Moncton Hawks,
and that was a Blackhawks farm team.
And we played there on a Wednesday night. I had gotten a phone call the next morning by daryl at six o'clock in the morning which was 9 30 whatever nine o'clock
monkton time in the morning and he's like holy shit what the hell happened this had already
spread across canada before the internet yeah well yeah no there was no internet then it was
just all over the friggin it was just all over the media like the news everybody had it and uh they called that black wednesday
that night was that that game to this day it's still called the black wednesday uh from that
brawl so it was it was unbelievable it's crazy so like going to that game you guys probably know
this is going to happen would would you guys get nervous about this thing or were you just like yeah can't wait to get there
and throw it out no business like i'm from viking alberta here we go well it goes back from two
years before that um actually brother duane and i were on the team then on the same team and i was
only 15 and we played st albert had a hell of a team that year too mark was on that team messier
and uh and they had an older team mark was a younger player on that team uh i believe mark
was well mark would have been 16 he was a year older than i was so he would have been a 16 year
old i was a 15 year old but they had a lot of 20 year olds come back from major junior hockey like
big guys like big big men right like big, big men, right?
Like big guys.
I thought anyway, 15.
And, and we played them in the first round of playoffs and, and Mark's dad, Doug was
coach and he was an awesome coach.
And Doug's a great man too.
But he was a really good coach and he had, he was tough, right?
And, and our, and our coach, John Shopman was, was a tough coach coach and yet he was tough right and and our and our coach john shopman
was was a tough coach too like great and they and anyway we we got in this and it was kind of rival
all season long there was a couple brawls through the regular season and then in playoffs
we played them and out of the first seven games we brawled four times in warm-up and then game seven
they beat us four three in game seven and that was a full-fledged brawl before the game it was
crazy game seven brawls well back in the day you know in warm-up you'd skate around everyone both
teams skate around the full rink of the ice oh my god
and that's what and that's what happened is brother duane two-handed one of their players
skating around and it started the whole thing in game seven well then we get beat four three so
we think we're done right so we get on the bus we come back home and we had a 20 year old on our team that was married and had just built a house here and
his name was marley scott and so we all went to his place or we partied there for two straight
days no one even went to school we just partied for two straight days well on the second day
at noon we get a call from chappie, our coach, saying, we won the protest.
We're going to a game eight.
We're like, what?
And we said, you protested the game?
He said, yeah, because we only had 20 guys go out,
or 19 guys go out.
Back then, that was the rosters.
They had 19 plus three more came out of the dressing room,
so they had 22 guys, and we had 19.
And so we had won the protest from the league.
So we had to go back the next night and play game eight.
Was there a brawl that game too?
No,
they made us warm up separately.
They made us warm up separately.
Well,
it was great.
We got beaten overtime.
Like I can't believe we had,
we had 19 guys playing so hungover and going in there.
And the score was 4-2, and I scored late in the game.
Or the score was 3-2, and I scored late in the game to tie it up 3-3.
And I don't know if my teammates were pissed at me or not because I scored,
because then we had to go in overtime.
But anyway, we go in overtime, and they beat us 4-3 in overtime.
And so that carried on.
And so the next year, okay, I'm a 16-year-old,
and we have a completely different coach, manager comes in,
and he doesn't even recognize what this robbery is like.
So we go into Edmonton or go into st albert to play an
exhibition game and this other 15 year old that played and played on the team the same year i did
darren mckay he comes to us before that day and says you guys aren't going to dress tonight
because he brought all these skilled guys and like small little
skilled guys in from saskatchewan and guys that he had because he was from saskatchewan stuff had
no idea what this rivalry was like and darren and i were like yes we don't have to play this but we
know what's going to happen so we go sitting in the stands and we're like okay we look at our
watches and we're like okay we're all up, like being all these skilled little guys coming out.
St. Albert comes out, come right out in the ice.
They shoot the pucks all in our net, in our net, from their end,
and then come down in our end to get the pucks.
Well, of course, what's going to happen, right?
Well, our players were like holy shit because
darren and i were the only two players that came back from the year before and these guys were like
and they just started teeing off on everybody and it was a full-fledged brawl darren i just sat in
the stands and watched it because we couldn't do anything about it right and so then it carried on
right and then the next year they had a big older team. We had an older team.
They brought Chappie back.
Brother Brian was actually partners of buying the team.
They bought the team that summer.
And they went out and recruited hard and built ourselves a phenomenal team
and a big team.
And, yeah, then all this stuff happened that year.
It led into that big brawl in what they call Black Wednesday. But, yeah, then all this stuff happened that year.
It led into that big brawl in what they call Black Wednesday.
And you know what's scary about that? Doug's dad, Mark, or Mark's dad, Doug, he got suspended for life from that game.
No way.
What did they blame him for most of it then?
Well, I think it was just, I guess.
Chasing your coach out of the bench?
The GM?
Well, no, but Doug and our trainer, Terry Sexsmith, went toe-to-toe at center ice.
This is so old school.
And Terry, who was our trainer, his nickname was Hook.
Well, Terry played in the East Coast League in the Central Hockey League
and got suspended for life down there from kicking a guy in the head.
And he was our trainer.
So he was very intense.
If we had to get our skates sharpened between periods,
you had to almost go out and try to find a way to sharpen yourself
because you wouldn't ask Terry to sharpen your skate for you.
He'd take your skate and turn around and just throw them you so no one got their skate sharp between perky it's
right oh my god but that was that that was the makeup of of our team and there was some heavy
suspensions like our our general manager got suspended for uh a year uh uh something like
that but yeah mark's dad, you know, got that.
And I kind of, I felt bad for Doug
because Doug was a really good coach
and he was like all coaches back then.
They were very intense and he built tough teams.
I respected that all the time,
but he was an awesome coach
and it was unfortunate what happened through all that
because it did hurt a guy like Doug from containing the coach in Canada.
Biz, imagine asking that trainer, like your elbow pad breaks. Hey,
I got no one. He just,
you know, no,
Ben's would have been okay because Ben's would have been hook's favorite
player. Right. Because he could relate. I love the way biz played. Right.
Like that's what I hated me.
Well,
you would have been in trouble.
Yeah.
I never,
I've never heard of a hockey player putting the slippers to somebody like
that.
That's crazy.
But Brent,
during the same arrow,
I know you just mentioned you play at one of your brothers,
but were there any times you are on the opposite side of one of your
brothers in a situation like that popped up during these games?
In a fight?
Yeah.
Like that?
Yeah.
Like a brawl. You know, the only, no, not in a brawl that popped up during these games? In a fight? Yeah. Something like that? Yeah, like a brawl.
You know, not in a brawl at all with us being on opposite teams.
We never played against each other in junior.
We all played in Red Deer, and then we all moved from here on to Lethbridge,
and then we all went from there to the NHL.
So we never played against each other in junior,
but obviously we got the NHL.
You know, Brother Dwayne and I were in the Outers. Brothernie richie were playing in philadelphia so there's four of us and the first game we played of course they make it a big a big big spec you
know a big thing with tv and everything they have four brothers on the ice two in each team and uh
we got into a scrum and uh and then all the all the teammates of both teams would just come in and break it up.
Like, you guys are brothers.
Like, what are you doing?
So nothing ever happened that way where we actually got into a situation where we dropped our gloves and fought each other.
Brent, I'm curious.
You mentioned you're a first-round pick of the Islanders.
The year after getting drafted, you played in the WHL with Lethbridge.
And then just two years later, you played half the year in the dub
and then half the year with the Islanders, lit it up, and you go on to win the Stanley Cup.
Were you called up from the WHL halfway through that season? How did that work out?
Well, the year before, I got called up back.
The rules were different then.
well the year before i got called up back in there the rules were different then uh the owners had uh the owners had gotten a bunch of injuries and they came out on a western road trip and
i was an 18 year old playing that year in lethbridge and uh half our team from red deer
went on the lethbridge along with along with our coach so we had 10 players off the centennial cup
team plus our coach went on the lethbridge well. Well, we had a pretty good team still.
And anyway, I was having a good year,
and I got the call that they wanted me to play three games.
There was a game in Calgary, then the next night in Vancouver,
and then two nights later in L.A.
Because Trotch was out, Steve Tambolini wasn't playing.
Anyway, they had some cinnamon in the lineup.
And for brother Ronnie, Richie and I drove up to the game.
It's unreal.
And what's crazy about this is that we play that game.
And of course, the Calgary Flames are the old Atlanta Flames team.
And if anybody remembers those teams, they were massive.
I mean, they had so many guys that were...
You know how big Clark Gillies was?
Well, they had like 10 guys in their lineup that big.
Like, they were a big team.
And the Calgary Corrals were the game
that they didn't have the saddle dome at the time,
which we know what the Corrals are like
right across the street.
Yeah.
And we go in there, and the one line was Wayne Merrick, Bobby Nystrom, and John Tonelli.
And in the dressing room, it's a long, narrow dressing room that we had to get dressed in,
I'm sitting at the back of the dressing room with these three guys.
Well, we get beat that night, 11-4.
Al Arbor, who's, you know, Al's like a six-foot-one guy,
but his shoulders are like eight feet wide, right?
And he comes in and he opens up the door and he's got to walk down two steps
around the corner.
Now you've got the dressing room.
Well, we're all sitting in the back of the room.
Well, Al comes in, walks right down to the end of it,
and he's staring at us in this corner.
Well, Bobby Nystrom, John Tonelli, and Wayne Maric
were minus seven that night.
Minus seven.
We don't get that in it.
That's a tough night.
That's a Whitney night.
That's a tough night.
That'll cancel out a cup or two.
He just walks down, and he looks at me, and I'm like, oh, shit.
He looks at the other three guys, and he says, he just looks at me and goes,
you three assholes.
And turns, walks out of the dressing room.
So the next night, we played in Vancouver, and we end up winning 5-2.
And I had a goal and assist that night.
and we end up winning 5-2.
And I had a goal and assist that night.
And then the next two nights later, we went to L.A.
and we won 2-1.
And I got an assist on the first goal and scored the game winner with three points. Oh, man.
So anyway, I leave there and they sent me home after.
Al comes in the dressing room, tells the players.
I already knew that I was going home.
And Al comes in and says, guys, awesome, great game.
Just some bad news.
Thank you.
We have to send Brent back to junior.
So I went back, and no problem.
Then I got called up for their Stanley Cup run against Minnesota
when we got beat out of the playoffs.
I got called up.
And so actually Kelly Rudy and myself were black aces on that team,
Monty Trache.
So, you know, Western Canada boys, right?
So we go up there.
Well, of course, we're having a hell of a good time.
Oh, black aces is the life.
You just get buckled in my whole career.
Playing tree and trees, game days going to the bar so but anyway uh uh going for
cocktails after the after practice and stuff that so we were having fun and anyway they beat
minnesota so it was a great experience to learn through all that it was amazing just to be around
the guys uh practice with them um just seeing what it was like. And then the next year I went back to training camp
and led the team actually in scoring in training camp.
And then Bill called me and Bill Torrey, the general manager,
called me and him and Al and just mentioned,
hey, Brent, you had a great camp.
We want to send you back.
Let's see how the start of the season goes.
I want to be loyal to the guys that won the Stanley Cup. and you know you understood that but you were disappointed yeah um so i went
back and uh i had like i don't know if like 80 some points in 30 games you had 46 goals in 34 games
so time to move on yeah and i i don know. And I had like 200 and something.
I mean,
it was crazy like that.
We had a hell of a team,
but in a way I had got named to the world junior team.
And,
uh,
I got in a call and they'd mentioned to me that,
uh,
they wanted to name me to the team and that they wanted me to be the team
captain.
So I thought that's what I was doing. doing well then bill calls me a couple days later
and said uh this was like now around that december 10th or so he said uh we don't want you going to
the world juniors that we uh we're going to bring you up for a couple games before christmas
and then we're going to uh then we're going to send you back home and let you spend Christmas,
your last Christmas at home with your mom and dad.
And then you'll stay for another week
and we'll call you up on January 4th.
So I already knew the plan.
So I played and then I went up on December 21st.
I played in Detroit December 21st.
I played in Detroit December 22nd.
I played at home on the island against Winnipeg,
and then they sent me home.
I got to spend Christmas at home with Mom and Dad and brother Ronnie and Richie.
The other boys were already playing in the NHL.
I went back to Lethbridge and played a week there,
and they called me up on January 4th.
That was it?
That was it.
The rest is history, I guess.
Who was your line in the run to that cup?
And that would have been the third straight, right?
Well, you know, it's funny.
I was playing with Brother Dwayne and Bobby Bourne
that year to start with.
And the crazy,
bizarre how the year worked, the playoffs.
Like you go in there, you
end up, I don't know what it was,
41 points in 41 games or something
like that. And then Shell had 20-some goals
and
led the team in penalty minutes.
Then get in the playoffs, and we're playing game one against the New York Rangers.
And as we all know, growing up, you know, you were never taught to be the last man coming out of your zone
trying to carry the puck up the ice.
And, of course, I did that.
I was chasing the side up the ice. And, of course, I did that. I was just inside our blue line.
And Rob McClanahan, who was a U.S. Olympian player,
stripped the puck off my stick
and went in and scored the game winner for the Rangers.
Of course, the Island Rangers rivalry.
So we lost the game 5-4.
Nothing said to me after the game. Of course, you Island Rangers rivalry. So we lost the game 5-4. Nothing said to me after the game.
Of course, you feel like an idiot.
And I never seen another regular shift.
I got two or three shifts a game after that.
I played on the fourth line.
Wow.
You're playing against the other team's tough guys.
I never played hardly at all.
And, you know, and the guys kept coming to me like
you know what's going on where are they telling i said nothing guys like i just got to do my job
this way i'm told to do i can't i don't have answers for you right so i'm just going to keep
playing the way i do and i'm only getting three shifts tonight i only get three shifts tonight
it's not about me it's about winning the Stanley Cup, right? So whatever.
So we get into game two of the Stanley Cup finals
against the Vancouver Canucks.
We win game one.
Game two, we're up like 5-1 or something in the second period,
and we had a power play.
And a face-off was in the offensive zone in Vancouver's zone,
and of course we got Trotch and Boss and, you know, Dennis Potkin.
We got the power play on the ice.
Well, Al comes and taps me on the shoulder and says, go take Trotch off.
I'm like, what?
Pardon?
Yeah, like, sorry?
And he goes, get out there.
So I went and I tapped trotch and of course he's
trotch is an awesome team guy and he gave me a tap on the shin pads and
took a face off and we scored on the power play and uh
and i didn't get off the ice the rest of that game i was out every second ship
played with everybody and uh and then we get into vancouver
he starts me in the opening night lineup
in the Stanley Cup Finals Game 3.
So the way we go, play the game, take a regular shift.
I think it was first star of the game or whatever,
and then get into Game 4, and same thing.
Play a ton, and we win the Stanley Cup, right?
You win, and everyone's partying in the dressing room
after the game, and Jim You win, and everyone's partying in the dressing room after the game.
And Jim Pickard, our equipment manager, comes in, taps me on the shoulder,
and says, Al's nickname was Radar.
He said, Radar wants to see outside the dressing room.
I'm like, what?
Like, we just won the Stanley Cup.
Team meetings.
I didn't like your third period, Brett.
Celebrating with the boys.
And he comes. I walk out of the dressing room and he's standing there
and again, he's a
broad-shouldered man
and just an awesome guy.
And he walks up to me
and grabs me right underneath my throat like this
and squeezes me like this.
He's got his hand underneath my chin.
And he says, what did you learn from this?
And I'm like, pardon?
He goes, what did you learn from this?
I'm like, I'm not really sure where you're headed with this one, but I don't know.
Like, winning?
Like, what are you supposed to answer, right?
And he goes, I just made you the toughest son of a bitch in this league,
and you're going to have a long career, so enjoy this Stanley Cup.
No shit.
Wow.
And I played 18 years.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
And I was able to weather through a lot of stuff mentally, and you just
he really
Yeah. And I was able to weather through a lot of stuff mentally. And you just, he really, as hard as it was, he made me be a great pro
and understand the mental toughness part of the game at a really young age.
And, yeah, so, and Al was my coach for 10 years, right?
He was like a second, I was like a second son to him.
He just, or he was like a second father to me, I guess I should say.
He was unbelievable the way he was.
And, you know, we had great
communication from there on. I had a lot of respect for Al.
You know, one of the best to ever do it, Al Arbor. Everyone knows that. But it was so
different back then, like coaching and things have changed so much. And I know he was probably
pretty quiet when the guys asked you if he said anything. You're like, no. But occasionally,
would he tell guys good job? Was there pats in the back or really none of that you know what al was al was a great players coach um the guys a lot
of the guys in that dressing room had played for al since he came in the league since or since he
started coaching alders back and i believe it was in 75 or whatever year it was 74 so they'd already
he'd already been their coach for five or six years, right?
So Al, you know, Al was a very intense coach,
but he was also, he had a great knowledge of the game.
And he, back in the day, guys, like there was no video.
Like, you know, you didn't have assistant coaches.
He was the head coach and there was no other coaches on the bench.
So he ran the whole bench.
He was, you know, he used to come in with a hockey stick,
and if he didn't like the way you were playing,
he'd come and drill you as hard as he can with a hockey stick
right in the shin pad.
And then he'd just look at you in his eyes through his glasses,
and his glasses would hang down halfway down his nose, and he'd push his glasses up, and all he'd do just look at you in his eyes through his glasses, and his glasses would hang down halfway down his nose,
and he'd push his glasses up, and all he'd do is look at you,
and you were like, oh, shit.
So everybody knew, but everyone had such a huge amount of respect for Al.
They loved him as a coach.
You know, Al was a great, great coach.
Well, I mean, his record speaks for itself, right?
For years, he was the second one.
He was coached in national hockey next to Scotty Bowman,
and then Joe Quindle passed out.
So, you know, it was years that you look back,
and actually a lot of times you like to have do-overs.
Guessing Radow was a MASH nickname, right?
Well, you know, he got his name from his glasses he wore when he played.
He was a defenseman for the St. Louis Blues.
Defenseman for the St. Louis Blues and he wore glasses
and he had the white stripper on the middle of his glasses
so his glasses wouldn't break.
He wore a strap to keep his glasses on.
And he played defense.
And Al, you look back on, and I don't, they obviously don't,
but you look back on it and you see games back in the 60s and stuff like that.
Al was a phenomenal shot blocker.
Like he'd throw his face down in front of anything.
When Al was a great defensive defenseman and he was a big man,
if you look at some of his highlights and stuff,
that is pretty cool to watch.
I know you probably weren't thinking coaching back 40 years ago,
but how much of his coaching style
did you incorporate into yours years later?
Well, you know what?
I think you learn a lot from all coaches you played for.
I think we all do.
But Al was... John Chapman, my coaching junior, was a great coach. coaches you played for. I think we all do.
John Chapman, my coach in junior,
was a great coach. He taught me how to be a pro. He taught me how to play both
ends of the ice.
Chapman had played in the minors
for years. He coached Lanny
McDonald in
Lethbridge when they were playing
in junior A before Lanny went on
to the Medistat Tigers. They were called at the time the Lethbridge when they were playing in Junior A before Lanny went on to the MetaSnap Tigers.
They were called at the time the Lethbridge Sugar Kings. Jaffe taught me the fundamentals,
how to play the game the right way. I went on and it was just like, I don't want to use the word
easy because it was never easy to get to the end shell,
but you had such a good understanding of the game coming out of junior, you knew.
And Al really appreciated that.
That's why he put me in a lot of key situations because I wasn't like a young player.
It had to be taught, those things I already knew coming in.
So I learned a lot in junior, but Al, you know, Al just, Al taught me how to be a great professional and how to handle situations.
I had a lot of respect for Al.
And yeah, I think even to this day, you know, there's certain things that I look back on if I'm standing watching practice and things are going through your head and you're sitting there going, okay, well, in this situation,
how would Al come up and react to this player for doing this or this and this?
And it's been always kind of a calming influence.
So, yeah, I think every coach, I mean, I played for Brother Darryl,
I played for Mike Keenan, I played for Glenn Sather in Canada Cups.
I had other great assistant coaches through the process.
And you learn from all of them.
Craig Hartsburg, I played for Hartsey.
You learn from all your coaches.
And I think they all have helped me in my coaching in different ways.
But it's funny.
I still use things.
Like Al used to come and shut the lights off on us in the dressing room.
And you know it was crazy, but it was a really interesting thing how he used to do it.
He would come in and tell us to lie down and put our feet up on our stalls.
And this would be between periods and so we lie down and put our feet up in stalls and he shut the lights off and he said okay clear
your minds and think about something close your eyes and think about something this in
this period that you can do great and And so it's unbelievable how it works.
Like I've done that with players here, and they're like,
geez, it's just like it totally resets you.
And so it's, you know, stuff like that,
it's still things you can use in the game,
even though the game has changed.
But it's still about focus and mental side of it.
Well, I was going to ask about a few things.
I mean, you always got to have your own little twists on it.
Now, did you learn giving the guys wood twigs or starting 5D men to start the game from him?
Or was this your own little thing?
Well, no, that was my thing on the fly.
You know, the hockey stick thing, it was the year we won the Memorial Cup, actually.
And we weren't playing very well.
And we only lost, I don't know how many games that year, 10 or 12, whatever it was.
But we weren't playing well.
And, of course, you know the type of team you have.
And you know you have a chance to be successful, maybe win a Memorial Cup.
So we were going into Brandon.
And so I went to Radar, my equipment manager, and I said,
Radar, go down to a sports store or to McLeod's or whatever
and just buy 24 wooden sticks.
And he's like, what?
And this is right when all these, you know, of course,
wooden sticks are starting off.
Synergies and all this junk. There was well yeah and there were still you could still use wood
blades on these aluminum shaft sticks but the full wooden stick wasn't there right and so everyone
never even like these kids weren't like we're not using sticks so anyway i told him go down do it
so we're playing in brandon and we're down three nothing in the first period so I walked in the dressing room
and I didn't say anything to anybody
I just went around and picked up everybody's sticks
and walked to the dressing room
with an arm full of 20 sticks
and I went
and put them in a bag and I picked up the other
20 sticks, wooden sticks and I walked in the dressing room
put a wooden stick in front of every player
and said tape your stick and I want
everyone with white tape on your blades,
and I want you to write work on both sides of your blade.
So we came out the second period with these wooden sticks and had tape on our,
white tape on our blades and with work on both sides,
and we ended up winning the game 7-3.
With the wood twigs.
You know what's crazy about that is that I told them they only get one stick.
So we have to practice and play.
No one took a slop shot in practice.
No one.
Can't risk breaking it.
Yeah, because they're afraid to break it because they didn't think there was
going to be another stick.
They didn't know I had another wooden stick for them if they broke it, but I
didn't tell them that. So we didn't lose
a game for a month with wooden sticks.
Come on!
One wooden stick, we didn't lose a game.
And you know what?
What was crazy about that was
these guys became all...
You know when you got
those other sticks, guys are hitting glass.
Every shot was high in practice.
Like it was just like crazy.
Right.
And they use these wooden sticks and no one missed the net.
Everybody was dialed in to shoot the puck the right way.
And in games,
our percentage of shots on that had increased phenomenal on shots on that because
these is what we used and they it wasn't about how hard the shot was it was strictly about placement
and the guys they wouldn't they weren't slashing each other's sticks and practice and break them
everyone was scared to lose a stick and so that's we did but the cool part about all that is we started taping little mini sticks in the store with work on it.
We had companies sending us mini sticks done up like that.
It was the biggest selling item that year in our store were mini sticks with white tape and work written on them.
Every kid in our community had a mini stick with work on it with white tape and work written on them. Every kid in our community had a mini stick with work on it with white
tape. It was just bizarre how it worked
out and it became just
a real big thing and
the rest is history.
I got to ask, at what point and why did
they get to go back to the other sticks if they were
working so well?
Well, I didn't think they could make it
into playoffs with just one stick.
I went in two days, two games before playoffs started,
and I gave them back their sticks, and we didn't miss a beat.
We just kept going.
I called one of my favorite ex-teammates, Colby Armstrong,
who you had the pleasure, I'm sure, of coaching in Red Deer,
and he told me a hilarious story.
He's like, oh, ask him about the time I threw my helmet at him
in the WHL finals.
Well, we were playing Portland in the finals,
and we were in game two, and we won game one here in our building.
Game two, we were up like 5-1 or something early in the third,
and Kobe took like three minor penalties.
He was one of those guys that when you went and go checked him,
you know that hit where you hit him back?
Yeah, reverse hit.
That's all he did.
But he did it with his elbow.
Yeah.
So he got these elbow penalties all the time.
So I was like, and we ended up winning the game.
We scored an empty net goal and won like 6-4.
It shouldn't have been that way, but we did.
And they've gotten two or three power play goals on us with Colby
in the penalty box in the third period.
So we go into Portland
and it's
game three and
Colby
took two minor penalties with the same
thing. Jesus, R.B.
Yeah, in the first period. So I was pissed.
So I go in the dressing room
and I said to my assistant coach
before i went in there i said watch this i said i'm gonna get poley or kobe's uh get him rattled
but he's gonna go out and he's gonna play like a stud the rest of the night so i went in and i
said kobe like are you scared like are you like are you a pussy like this is this is this what you play like are you scared to get hit
and make a play like what and he stands up and he looks at me and i'm at standing and now imagine
it's a rectangle dressing room and you got stalls at the end of the dressing room stalls on the side
and where i'm up where i'm standing there's a whiteboard big whiteboard he stands up and he goes i'm not fucking scared i'm
no pussy and he took me through his helmet right at me went right by my head hit the whiteboard
i looked at him i walked out of the dressing room and i looked at
dallas and i said you watch he's going to be unbelievable he was star of the game the next
few periods he was lights out and you know what he was awesome from that point on oh shit and that's the story like i like it was just
you got him fired up oh and i love kobe to death he's a good man and he was a great player and he
played you know he i don't know i just we had a really good team then and i i was really close
to the guys and even to this day you still connect with a lot of them.
Kobe is on TV.
I'll text him every now and then and say, like, what the hell are you talking about?
I can't even hear what you're saying.
You're just stumbling through your words.
And then I asked him, because last year, you're in the Hub.
You guys remember when they interviewed Kobe, he had two jerseys hanging behind him,
a Pittsburgh Penguins jersey and his Red Your Rebels jersey.
Well, this year he doesn't have the Red Your Rebels jersey.
No shit.
So I kind of give him a shit about that, too.
I'm like, yeah, you forget where you came from, bud.
Hey, I got to go back just quickly because we kind of jumped away from the Islanders.
And you won that fourth straight cup, the kind of jumped away from the Islanders.
You won that fourth straight cup, the Islanders did, against the Oilers.
I've talked before on the podcast about Gretzky mentioning they left that night and they saw all you guys icing down and kind of realized what it took to win.
You come back and you're going for your fifth straight,
and the Oilers took it down and they got there first.
Did you notice when that series started,
it was a way different Oilers team than the year prior?
I know the guys were a year older,
but did you kind of realize we're in one here going for that fifth?
Oh, for sure.
I mean, look at the year before when the Edmonton had all these great young players,
right, Gratz, Mass, Curry, Kevin Lowe, Paul Coffey, Grant Feared,
Glenn Anderson, on and on.
Only all superstars, right? And of course, we had a great team too. And we were playing Boston in
the semifinals and it was game six in Boston. And the Oilers had already won their series.
And I believe they swept somebody, I'm not sure who it was and uh um the media in the
pre-game after the pre-game skate the media were like well there's no team here like in this
divisions ever this conference is going to beat the Oilers like it doesn't matter whether you
guys win this you guys are gonna be done too right and that that just fired us up right you
thought you found the Stanley Cup champions this, right? Yeah.
We went out and beat Boston that night,
and we were wired for that series to come.
And we ended up beating Oilers four straight.
And Gretz brought that up.
We all heard that, and I truly believe that. I think they learned a lot from that series uh and how to you know how to be a champion
and how to play like stanley cup winners and we had to play them next year and we lost the first
game won nothing our building won the second game and that was the only time um at that point in
time they did it the next year i believe with philly and edmonton the next year too where it
was a two three two series where you played two at home went
into visiting building played three and two back home nba style i think they they beat they like
we weren't even close in the in games three four and five with them the scores were like six one
seven two whatever it was like they were just yeah they were they were on a roll but you know
and in fairness to ourselves the team had gotten older um you know
we were we were banged up pretty good it was a lot of hockey to play back then right oh my god
four standing cups amount of playoff games you're playing and um and where our opponent was lights
out now of course and all the stars and it it kicked them off obviously for them to do what
they did after that but you know they deserved to win that Stanley Cup.
They were a phenomenal team.
Great players.
You know, it's crazy.
Off that group, I played with a lot of them in the Canada Cup in 1984.
And after they won the Cup.
And Slots was the coach.
And so you got to know the guys really
pretty well pretty well like there was gretz mess um cough and myself are four of the players that
played in all three can the cups in 84 87 91 so you got to know them pretty well from being
teammates of theirs and and just the way they
looked at the game i learned a lot from them too just through the canada cup situations but they
were definitely an unbelievable team and then they were for years after that but when they beat you
did you know basically that the the torch for um dynasties had been passed essentially then or did
you guys think all right we can get them again? Well, you always want to believe you're going to come back.
But then I think some of the business parts started kicking in too.
We started having some contract issues with some players.
And then guys started leaving the team.
And you've got to remember something too.
The Islanders, through those four years uh you know every year in the bottom
part of the draft yeah and eventually you know your your talent changes and um and that's kind
of thing that kind of eventually went in all the Stanley Cups eventually over time caught up with
the owners and uh um you know and eventually your your level of skill and your team drops off you know I was there for
10 years and when I got traded I was the last for two years on the team I was the last player
that ever played in that Stanley Cup the last two years of my career in in the Allen so it was just
Allen not myself and Bill we're the only three three people our trainers had left we're the only
three people still left from the Stanley Cup years.
In your career, I think 10 or 11
seasons, over 50 points,
but 50 and 60 points,
and then the one year,
84, 85, you get 102 points.
Was it who you were playing
with that season? What changed that one season
to just really light it up?
Well, certainly who you're playing with
definitely helps.
And we came out of the Canada Cup.
In the Canada Cup, you know, there was such a
I don't know how to explain it to you guys, but we
of course, you got the honors.
You got John Tonelli, Bobby Bourne, myself.
Was Potvin there?
Was Potvin in Canada Cups?
I don't think Dennis came to that team.
Oh, okay.
He didn't either.
No, he didn't.
So, and then you had a whole, you had a, like there was seven or eight Oilers.
So, and there was a lot of, I don't just,
we just weren't the team that we needed to be.
We just weren't as close as we needed to be.
And we had a tough go through the Canada Cup that year,
through the tournament itself,
through the regular games that we're playing,
through the round robin side of it.
And what turned it around actually was in Vancouver.
We kind of got into, well, what happened was the day before,
we held a meeting and you guys all know what the Bay Shore,
the West End, everyone's staying there.
And we got this big room and we're all sitting in chairs
up around outside the room.
And we had a meeting and players expressed their feelings about everything
and maybe about some teammates because of the Stanley Cup game
and with the Oilers and then beating the Islanders.
I know Bobby Bourne was very vocal about some things
and John Talley brought up a couple of things
and the Oilers players brought up a couple things and the other players brought up a couple
things and but it
was great because it sorted it out
and we all got kind of on the same
page and then we had a
big scrum against Sweden between the
benches and of course you got the others
and our players you know now
all of a sudden battling with each other and
it changed the whole
dynamics then we end up winning overtime against Russia at at the saddle dome in calgary 3-2 and uh you know there was
myself and johnny and boss and uh paul coffee was the one that started that whole play after
breaking up a two-on-one against us and then went down the other way and we end up scoring um
and then slats put the three of us together and then we went back
to long island one and you guys know like back in the day you went to camp to get in shape yeah
right and but you three were buzzing already yeah we were all like in mid-season form yeah so by
christmas time us and and al was smart al kept us together. Like, he, like, Boss and Trotch were
you know, a twosome that
played together for all those years, but then
when we came back from the Canada Cup,
he put the three of us together.
And, or kept the three
of us together, and
there was, like, by Christmas time, we
all had 60-some points.
There was a game we played, the LA Kings,
and I remember the LA Kings had only won 10 games that year,
whatever it was, or 15 games.
They weren't very good.
And there was a game there where we won 8-2.
And John Tonelli, boss, and myself scored all eight goals.
And we all had like six, seven, eight points each for one line, right?
And so those points, we do that in a game, they add up, right?
And then I missed the last 10 games of the season.
I had separated my shoulder and missed the last 10 games,
and I came back for the last game.
I missed 10, and I came back for the last game,
and JT got his hundredth point that night.
So boss ended up with 120 some points.
I ended up with a hundred,
whatever it was.
And,
and JT ended up with a hundred right on.
So amazing.
Yeah,
it was,
it was really,
again,
it was,
I think it had a lot to do with just being in shape when you got there.
Like we were in game shape already.
Cause we don't even play in these high level intense games like standing cup playoff games
and so we were we were further ahead and you know i was very fortunate to play in that county cup
team because that year they named 30 players to the camp and brother brian had got named and i
was training with brian and brian's garage in in Sylvan Lake and working out with them to get them in top shape to,
to go there.
And so we were pushing each other for quite some time,
training and stuff.
Cause he was obviously very excited to go.
Well,
they got there and that was the year that Trotch decided not to go to Team Canada.
He used his treaty card to join the U.S. team instead of Team Canada.
So Bill Torrey was the GM in slots.
And I got a call from Allen Eagleson.
They reported on Friday, and this was Monday. And I got a call from Allen Eagleson. They reported on Friday, and this was Monday.
And I got a call from Allen Eagleson.
He called me and said, hey, Brent, Allen Eagleson here.
We want you to come in and join our team in Montreal.
And I was like, F you, and I hung the phone up.
I thought it was someone messing with me.
They already named it.
I wasn't expecting it
that's exactly what I said to him
I went F off and hung the phone up
I thought someone was just screwing with me
and then about two minutes later the phone rings again
it's Bill Torrey and he says Brent that was Al
Nagelson we're inviting you into
into our cap here and I
was lucky because I had been
training with Brian so I was in pretty good shape
so I went in there and I ended up making the team.
And that was the year that Peter Stashny had naturalized
to become a Canadian citizen because he was playing in Quebec.
And so he got named to the team that year too.
So it was definitely unique how it all happened.
You mentioned the situation with the Islanders,
or not the Islanders, against the Rangers.
And you guys ended up going on to win the Cup.
Was that the same year you ended up having the off-ice issue
with an Islanders fan?
Or a Rangers fan, excuse me?
Are you talking about after we won the Cup?
After you won the Cup.
I don't know if you guys went to a basketball game or a baseball game.
Yeah, well, it was about four days after, and Brother Dwayne and I took our wives to the New York Mets game at Shea Stadium.
And we're having some drinks, and we're sitting in the stands drinking beer and whatever, eating hot dogs or whatever that we all do when we go to a baseball game.
And both of us have to go to the bathroom so we get up and walk to
the bathroom and uh we're standing there at the urns which men do right and there's uh
duane's down and there's a year in between us and there's me well then this person comes in
between us and of course you kind of look over and you don't even pay attention well then all of a sudden i
hear it was pretty funny this guy turns instead of pissing in the urine he turns and he pisses
all down duane's leg and into his shoes and duane had these duane had these white duane had these
brand new white shoes that he bought like back then, of course, that's when the designer jeans started coming out and stuff,
instead of wearing Wranglers and Levi's stuff.
Well, in New York, everyone's wearing these jeans, and he always wore these cool shoes with them.
Dwayne bought these brand new pair.
They were like whitest, creamish shoes, leather shoes.
Well, this guy filled his shoes right up.
And then he turned around and ran out while Dwayne isn't even done. He turned and started chasing this guy filled his shoes right up and then he turned around and ran out
while duane isn't even done he turns to chase this guy well i walk out and this guy's darting
down the concourse and duane's down there with piss all over his leg and in his shoes and stuff
and this guy turns around he's got a new york rangers jacket on and a hat and turns around gives duane the thing and he goes f you sutter i hate you
kept running so we go back to the stands and duane now is like he's mad upset obviously and
he's wrecked his shoes he's got piss all over him and he's uh he's sitting there and he's stinking
right so we get in the car and we drive through the Midtown Tunnel in New York,
and the car just reached with this guy urinating on Dog,
and he's got his shoes on.
And I said, Dog, get those shoes off and throw them off because it's off.
So Dog stopped the car, took his shoes off,
and threw them out the window along Allen Expressway.
Oh, what a pissing run.
I told Brother Dwayne, Brother Dwayne's name is Dog.
I said, you know, Dog, it just goes hand in hand.
Your nickname's Dog for a reason.
You piss on tires, you're on hydrants, this guy pissed on you.
He got even with you.
Sorry for butchering the start of that one, but speaking of nicknames,
do people still call you Pukie?
Yeah. but during the start of that one but uh speaking of nicknames uh do people still call you pukey yeah you know what i i know that sounds awful but it's been my nickname since uh i was five years old i had uh uh back home and biking um we had out on the farm we uh we had the long bus ride so
we get picked up at 10 to 7 in the morning and get dropped off at school at quarter to 9.
And back in the days, the roads have all changed now.
Back then it was curbs.
You'd take the roads that were built around the sloughs.
Now they're built through the sloughs, right?
So we had an area where we had to go on the bus.
And it was bad, hilly, windy road.
And it was about a 20-minute.
And you had to go pick up two or three um different
homes of kids and then come back and go back in town that way and i always got sick on the bus
in grade one right then i could not go through that one area of the bus on that trip of our
school route and i got sick on the bus every day for like three
four straight months and then so this is what was stupid about it so that was my nickname that's how
i got the name pukey so but what really pissed my brothers off gary brian and daryl is that
it didn't matter how cold it was or how warm it was.
The bus driver stopped at that corner, dropped me off,
and one of them had to get off, stand with me, and stand there for 20 minutes
while the bus made the trip to come back so I wouldn't get sick on the bus
and take us to school.
So it didn't matter whether it was minus 40 or minus 30 or plus 30.
It didn't matter.
One of them had to stand stand with me because i was their
younger brother and i was only in grade one so that's how i got the name pukey and to this day
everyone at home that's all they know about me i mean i i'm just used to it doesn't doesn't really
matter when i went to the island they started calling me pup because brother dane duane's name
was dog so they just started to call me pup so in the hockey circles i was known as pup but
in real life a nickname is what it is brent i want to bring up one of your teammates you
mentioned already uh goalie billy smith if there was a prototype for the crazy goalie
it was probably billy smith i think he had two seasons where he only had single digit penalty
minutes uh what was what was it like working him, playing with him for basically a decade?
Smitty was awesome. Smitty was a goalie, but
great guy.
Great teammate.
They always said he was the money goalie.
And you know what? The bigger
the game, the better this man played.
But in practice,
if you shot
the puck over his waist,
he would come with a stick and just drill you with a stick.
So you had to shoot the puck from waist down or he'd be pissed off.
So everyone knew that in practice.
You knew you couldn't shoot high on spinning in practice
or he would frigging lose his mind.
But then as we got close to playoffs,
he completely would change his attitude.
He'd be pissed at us for not trying to score.
No shit.
And then he was a battler.
That's why he called Billy Battler Smith.
And he would just be, yeah.
And he played like that.
He was a gamer.
And it's crazy how his routine was when
he played like i sat next to billy in the in the dressing room on long island for years
and there was always one stall between him and i and i knew not to mess with the that stall between
us like as you know as a player the way goalies are and he'd come in get his put his underwear on
set his goal pads down on the floor. And back then,
you guys know what the lockers were like,
right? They're not like today where they're open on
the sides. Back then, they were boxed in
lockers, like they had the sides on them.
You couldn't see the guy sitting next
to you if you sat back in your locker.
But Billy
would sit back in his locker
and I would make sure when guys
came,
cause it was right beside the door that walked out that no one touched his
pads. Like do not even touch his pads or else he'll come up swinging. Right.
So I'd always be like, guys, like, you know, I was like, it was crazy.
But anyway, he, he, he, he read Louis L'Amour,
those Western books. So he'd sit back'Amour, those western books so he'd sit back
in a stall
grab the book and lean back
in a stall so you couldn't see him
and he read the book
he never even listened to one meeting
he read the books through the meetings
he never, Al just ignored him
and he just sat there
and read his book while the meetings were going on
he didn't even listen to any meeting or nothing sat there and read his book while the meetings were going on he didn't even he didn't listen to any meeting or nothing he just read his book and that's how he prepared
to play very calming guy in the dressing room didn't say much but uh awesome guy like awesome
off the ice we had a lot of fun together um good man um I I have I have a lot of respect for Smitty because he was a gamer.
And he had his ways of the way he practiced and stuff.
But there was one time that he just took off off the ice because someone shot the puck and hit him in the chest instead of keeping the puck.
And he just went right to the door and skated off the ice.
I'm not practicing with these guys.
And he played the next night and got a shutout.
That's just the way the game was back then.
Now a player gets sent down to the minors or he gets suspended or fined or whatever.
But back then that wasn't the case.
Brent, we could talk to you about five hours.
Six more hours.
This is great.
But when you retired, I think it was a year off,
and you got right into coaching Red Deer.
And all of a sudden, after a few years and a Memorial Cup
and a WHL championship, you're tagged to coach the Canadian World Junior Team.
And sure as shit, you coached the greatest team to ever probably play
with Bergeron, Perry, Weber, Getzlaff.
It was just that list.
And then you win it again in 06.
First coach to ever win back-to-back gold medals for Team Canada.
Why did you choose not to go for the third straight?
I read it was your decision to not go back and go for the third.
Well, you know what, it was just a long time to be away from your team.
Yeah.
Like, you're leaving on, and back then it's different now.
When I got the position in 05, I met with Bob.
Bob came and met with me, Bob Nicholson, and just said,
Brent, would you want to run our program and coach this team for this coming season?
And I just asked him, I said, well, what's it entitled?
Like, when you talk to me about this, like, do you want me to coach you or what are you doing?
He said, no, I want you to change the culture they hadn't won uh they hadn't won uh gold medals seven years and he says we want
you to run it just like you do right here so and when i when i when i bought the team with the
rebels uh everyone said well you know geez you name yourself coach general manager whatever whatever bus driver um yeah but i had paid the most money
for a junior franchise that was ever sold to that point in hockey and i could not afford i had put
my whole like we didn't have the money obviously you guys know that these nhl players make now like
i had my whole life savings i put my farm everything up for collateral. Wow. That's crazy.
I could have lost it all, right?
And I had a bank that backed me.
We did a 10-year loan agreement.
And as I paid it off, they would take my land or my house or whatever off as collateral.
So I kept doing that.
And I couldn't afford to pay for a coach or general manager.
I didn't have a choice.
And anyway, just how it all worked out.
And in our press conference, I don't know, to be quite honest, I can't believe I even said it, but I did.
I said, we're going to win the Memorial Cup within three years with this team.
And we won it the second year. And we're going to win the Moral Cup within three years with this team and we won it the
second year and I didn't even know the players
I just we had two players
I helped Terry Simpson was a coach then
and Wayne Simpson was a GM
and they were partners with the team I'd owned the team
and they're the ones that sold me the team and
I helped them a little bit through the year
that year just proxies
and stuff and
but I really like some of the players like the young
kids were good players um but i knew they had their list was really good and i went around
watched some of their players and seeing that the list was really good and the next year when we won
the moral cup two two years later we had two players from the team that when i the first year
i coached them in 1999 2000 season uh we only had two players from the team that when I the first year I coached him in 1999-2000 season uh we only had two players in the one season back so the whole culture had to
change some and uh and we worked at it uh so when I got named 05 I got named the coach there and
um we had to change that it was scary like I went the first day I went down in the dressing room
I was like you got to be joking I mean mean, there was more people hanging around the players in the dressing room than there was actually players.
Really?
It was just terrible.
And, you know, you've got all the equipment companies and stuff like that.
They're right in the dressing room.
I shut everything down.
I just came in and said, no, nothing's happening inside this dressing room. The only people allowed in this dressing room are I just I shut everything down I just came in said no you nothing's happening
inside this dressing room only people allowed in this dressing room are the players coaches and
trainers that's it if you want to do media it's outside you want to do whatever it's outside these
kids got to learn and understand the focus point of how this has to be done and and it was definitely
a change um and we had a great team right like
you think about that old five team we had 13 players coming back from the old four team
when they lost in the gold medal game um and it was just you know i just met with the 13 players
and the first thing i did my first position that uh bob and i talked about after we made the decision that I would move forward
with this was I hired Pete DeBoer. Pete became my co-coach. Then we hired Jimmy Houlton as their
assistant coach. Pete was in the very same mindset as myself in the way things had to be changed and done. And we worked closely on it all. And, you know,
and we met with the 13 players that we've turned and we just said, Hey guys,
this is the way it's got to be. This is what,
what we want to see happen and you guys can be part of it or not.
But when they, when they, when they joined in to be partners in on it,
and that's what I say was, it was a partnership right there.
They joined in and said,
okay,
we'll do it this way.
And so we knew that we just had to pick seven players,
or I guess it would have been nine players that would mix with these 13 guys
and make our best team.
And it's crazy how it worked out because we went into our last exhibition
game.
We're playing in Winnipeg against the University of Manitoba.
And Corey Perry, it was a do or die game for Corey because he had really struggled through camp and stuff.
But everyone, you know, knew that he was a good player and he was just having a tough go with it.
But we had other players that we had two players actually uh um eric fair and uh ryan stone
no it was a rhinestone i forget his first name he played they played brown they're one two and
scoring in the western hockey league and uh it was coming down to one of those three guys to make the
team and cory had three goals and three assists that night,
and we won 6-1.
And so it was an easy decision right at that point,
but when you think about that team,
and then that was the lockout year.
So we had all these stud junior players on our team.
If there would have been in Shahaki,
there's probably seven or eight of them
who never played in that team that would have played in the shell.
You look at our defense, like Dion Frenouff, Shea Weber, Braden Colburn,
Brent Seabrook.
Jesus.
You know, and you look up front.
Bergie got sent to us from the American Hockey League
because the year before he plays an 18-year-old for Boston,
and then there was a lockout, so he could play in the American League.
Well, they sent him back to us to play in the world juniors so then our our one line was uh uh patrice at center ice with sydney and
that's pretty cool right even to this day every international met they play on they play together
but it all started in that world juniors right and uh i kept them or we put them on a line together, and then we had Corey Perry playing with them.
And then we had Ryan Gieslap, Jeff Carter, and Andrew Ladd on the next line.
And then we had Mike Richards, Anthony Stewart, and Nigel Jaws as their third line.
And then we had Clark MacArthur, fraser and uh i'm trying to take
the dixon boy was it steve dixon steve dixon he was on that team yeah dickie made that team you're
talking about getting the right the right spice and i think that he knew sid from from growing up
and he was such a good team guy great guy to to have around, good penalty killer too. Yeah, he was awesome. So that was our energy line.
And then the 13th player that couldn't play forward,
that couldn't play, that got hurt was Jeremy, Jeremy Colton.
Jeremy hurt his knee, and he wasn't able to play,
but we named him on the team anyway.
And then on our back end, it was like we had like i
mentioned those guys and then we had uh cam barker was the only 18 year old player on team everybody
else was 19 and uh we had uh uh sean bell yeah he could skate so well that guy yeah and then
danny severett and uh that was our And then goal, we took two goalies.
We weren't, these two goalies, we didn't, they weren't even,
they didn't get invited to our August camp.
We, at that time, we thought, okay,
let's take the two best goalies in our country that know that they might
only have to stop 15 or 20 pucks in a game.
So they got to be mentally strong and they've got to come from good
defensive teams.
And we took the goalie Trevor Glass from Kootenay and the Boshman boy from
Prince Albert.
They're the best two defensive teams in the league.
And those teams were only giving up 15, 20 shots a game.
And we didn't give up a game more than 15 shots at the World Juniors.
So we needed guys to keep themselves in the game and be mentally
good. And yeah, the kids were fired up. Like we went into,
we went into North Dakota.
We drove down from Winnipeg and that team was wired.
Like we,
they wanted to prove the year before was not what they were expecting,
wanted, and they were expecting and wanted,
and they were dumb.
And, of course, you look at that team.
I don't think anybody can argue saying that they're not the best.
Oh, my God.
You look at those guys.
Those guys all in the National Hockey League were all stars. Some of them have been captains on their teams for a long, long time.
It was just a phenomenal group of young men
that were great players that became a real close bond.
We kept things tight just amongst the team
as far as outside distractions
and full marks to everybody for doing that.
Like, it was a huge commitment by everybody,
but those kids dialed in.
And, you know and to this day
you know that that group of players was very unique and was a phenomenal group and and that
was the year sydney got dropped like sydney sydney was 17 that year but him and patrice set the tone
on how proxies had to be like those guys they treated every practice like it was a game like it was unbelievable
so it made of course those guys being such you know phenomenal players at that age it really
pushed everybody else to a different level too right so as a as a coach it wasn't a hard team
to coach in that sense it was just it was just getting everyone to check their egos at the door
and let's just become
this type of team. I think we
only gave up six goals or whatever it was.
The whole tournament scored 40-some.
Next year, we only had one guy. Cam Barker
came back in 06. We had to start
with a whole new group.
And we won again.
Unbelievable.
We said we could do this for a while. We've kept you long enough.
We'd love to do round two.
Army said you have a beautiful place on Lake Sylvan.
Maybe we'll just invite ourselves over sometime when we go to the city.
Hey, I'd love to have you guys.
Hey, awesome.
I listen to you guys often, and I really, really enjoy it.
No, this was a blast for us.
It was a pleasure.
Hey, Brent, you sold enough mini sticks so you get a place on the lake, eh?
Yeah, they're hanging up in their hat
hanging up in my man cave some of them
well we thank you once again and that
was one of a one of our top interviews
so we'll have a great one good luck the
rest of the year thanks a million guys
appreciate it thank you much Brent
appreciate it take care guys take care
huge thanks to Brent Sato for coming on
with us man we really didn't know what to expect sometimes you got a with us, man. We really didn't know what to expect.
Sometimes you got a guy his age on and we really don't know what we're going to get.
What we're going to get, man.
Biz, that was all time, dude.
Just incredible stories you just don't hear anymore these days.
Nice to get a little Islanders talk, too.
Yeah, I wonder if he knows we just despise them.
Shout out Islanders.
I'm a man of honor.
You guys are rolling right now.
You don't always want to be peaking this time of year, but you're rolling.
All right.
Hey, listen out there.
Whether you're an exhausted traveler, a stressed out parent,
or you're working out again for the first time in months,
sleep is crucial to getting the most out of every day.
And luckily, our friends at CBDMD have exactly what you need to sleep like you used to.
CBDPM soft gels contain the same award-winning formula as CBDPM, giving you all the CBD,
melatonin, and chamomile you used to in a powerful pre-measured soft gel capsule.
These soft gels are a quick and convenient way to get the deep sleep you deserve.
I'm a huge fan of this stuff because my sleep's been off for the last year.
This helps you put my head in the pillow, boom, get on a nice schedule.
And to make it even easier to relax, regroup, and unwind,
they're offering all of our listeners 25 off your next purchase
when you use the code CHICKLETS at checkout.
Once again, that's CBDMD.com, the promo code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
for 25 off your purchase of superior CBD oil products.
By all means, check them out, man.
I know a lot of people are having trouble sleeping.
I saw that on CBS Sunday Morning.
Like, just people's sleep patterns are way off.
Do you watch that, Whit? CBS Sunday Morning, that new show?
No, I don't, but my mom does not miss an episode.
Yeah.
And the times that I have watched it,
there's always some interesting discussions.
Yeah, it's a good show.
It's definitely like guys like my father's age and shit watch it,
but it's a wicked mellow show to ease into Sunday morning
with a nice cup of coffee with.
Is that what you're calling it these days?
Death wish.
A couple of the notes from the North Division.
We want to congratulate Montreal's head equipment manager, Pierre Gervais.
He worked his 3,000th game on Saturday night.
He's been with the team since 87.
That's 31 seasons.
Man, that's  these guys, we've said it before on the show,
these guys are the kind of grease in the gears that run the league business.
Without them, you know, the luggage doesn't move.
The jerseys don't go anywhere.
They're such an essential part to running an nhl squad lots of travel um lots of
late nights being away from your family those guys are those guys like when you get off the road
they're at the rink till 4 a.m and then they're there at fucking 7 a.m to start up some most
nights are probably even sleeping there i don't know how these guys do it um they're they're the
unsung heroes that's for sure.
No doubt.
Congrats to Connor McDavid.
50 points he got to in his 29th game.
Only two guys in Oilers history have gotten there quicker.
A couple of fellas by the name of Yari Curry and Wayne Gretzky.
So Connor's still chugging along.
We're going to talk about the Calder Trophy.
We're going to jump into this.
Pierre Lebrun, he tweeted about a week or so ago,
love watching Caprizov play.
He's so special. Happy
for Wild fans, but when it comes to the call
that do we need to reconsider the criteria?
He played half a decade in the KHL.
He's a seasoned 23-year-old.
Is he really a rookie? He is, according
to the call to criteria.
It's got a little bit of buzz online.
I feel like I've been hearing this a lot from Canada
about how much he played in the KHL.
What do you make of this?
Should the call the criteria change or stay as it is?
Oh, man, I'm not necessarily ready to make my decision on that.
But for right now, I couldn't disagree more with people dogging him.
Like, he counts.
I mean, he counts.
By the way, he's not 25.
I don't know what the cutoff is.
Maybe it's 26.
He's 23. And, yes, he's the cutoff is. Maybe it's 26. He's 23.
And, yes, he's played in the KHL for a long time.
But he's young enough where, man, the KHL, it's a good league.
It's not that good.
You're still in the NHL.
It's the first year in the show.
And you're dominating.
And he's, like, running away with that trophy.
He's so sick to watch that kid.
My buddy from Minnesota, Miser, Justin Miser.
Miser's dog.
This guy has to come on the show.
Everyone pressure him.
This guy was, I was at the national program
with him in Ann Arbor.
And then we went to BU together.
And then he went to the WHL.
He left us, but he's coming on.
He has many stories, many stories
about us growing up together.
But the reason I just went into that
is he texted me.
He goes, he's like Sergey Fedorov.
I love watching him.
And the other night I watched the goals.
I didn't see them all live.
But the next morning, like he scored that hat trick.
Third goal, he's like on one knee, right?
As he just rips its shelf.
Zuccarello gave him the pass.
They have sick chemistry together.
Yeah, they do.
So I know I'm getting away from the rookie of the year discussion.
But in terms of like if you're gonna switch up
the rules i don't really know where you'd start like if you're gonna already have an age on it
like how do you like if you're in another professional league like if a guy plays in
switzerland for five years and come comes over like that's not that's not as as impressive i
don't know i i i'm not ready to say but but I can't right now at all chirp the probability
that he will run away with that trophy.
I was okay with the criteria at one point.
And then Friday happened, and he put a fucking three-piece up my hoop
from the Coyotes game.
And now I think they should change it.
And I think they should change it right now, midseason.
And we give it to our boy jimmy stew and not
carill the thrill i tell you what he fucking he's unbelievable in the offensive of his own
using behind the net he's always going behind the net to make a play like either come out and fire
it or find guys so it's uh it's been impressive to watch and as you said with this kid's running
away with the calder trophy right now and grinnell, when you put up the poll or somebody put up the poll on spit and
chicklets,
Twitter,
how they're wearing the old North stars unis.
Right.
And,
and,
and like,
should they go back to this?
Was the resounding answer?
Yes,
absolutely.
Oh my God.
The wild.
I think if the wild went to those unis along with this kid this year,
it's like,
whoa,
I think we have a,
we have an Anaheim ducks going from the mighty went to those unis along with this kid this year, it's like, whoa, I think we have an Anaheim Ducks going from the Mighty Ducks
to the Ducks from the purple and the maroon to the green to the black and orange,
and then they win a cup.
Minnesota, you've got to get rid of those unis.
I think they would have to make a deal with Dallas Stars
because technically Dallas still owns the rights.
I know this because when I went to a game in Dallas,
I actually bought a Minnesota North Stars hat at a Dallas Stars game.
So they still own the rights to all that stuff.
So, yeah, they would have to buy.
Show me the money.
Hey, show me the stats in my face with that, Ari.
I love that.
And just to go back, the eligibility for the Call the Trophy.
To be eligible, a player cannot have played more than 25 games
of any single preceding season season nor in six or more games in each of any two preceding seasons in any major
professional league beginning in 1991 a player must not have attained his 26th birthday by
September 15th of the season in which he was eligible that was a rule because all the Russians
started coming over they were 28 30 years old and that's when they instituted that. This just popped up in my head.
I want to say the last time this kind of became a bit of an issue,
but he didn't end up winning it was, was Panarin, wasn't it?
When he was with Chicago, like he had, he had an unbelievable.
Yeah.
It was a similar type transition over where he played for a little while
there.
Yeah.
Where some people thought that he should have won it.
But at that point it was such a close race
that people felt that the fact that he played in the KHL
for as long as he did and how old he was when he came into the league,
although still under the criteria of the age of 26,
I think that people assumed in the voting situation
that it was being held against him.
In this situation situation given the fact
though panarin won it yeah oh fuck well then shove that up my hoop i think we've all owned each other
once this episode yeah well there you go sounds about right yeah anyway yeah caprizov he has been
on real man what's he got going into tonight i thought I didn't think that he won it that year. Who did he beat out as far as Rookie of the Year?
That year,
it was 2016. I
couldn't tell you off the top of my head.
I really couldn't right now.
I can pull up the vote in a second.
But either way, I don't think, yeah,
I mean, it's not like you said, Woody.
I think McDavid. It was McDavid,
wasn't it? Yes, it was
McDavid right here.
McDavid and Shane Goss Desp despair were the other finalists.
The ghost.
So Panarin won Rookie of the Year over McDavid?
Yeah, he got hurt.
He was hurt.
He busted his shoulder up, Brandon Manning.
Yeah, maybe that's why he got fucked up by that.
I think it was the Brandon Manning year.
All right, well.
Yeah, like you said, when he's coming over.
Stay up.
The NHL isn't the NHL, and he's coming over stay up it's tough the NHL isn't
isn't the NHL and he's coming over and he's getting it done so I don't see why he should
be penalized for it I mean I don't know I mean if you're voting then you don't have to vote for him
that could be your reason not to vote for him but anyways yeah I hope they hope they don't change
anything all right moving over to the west LA Kings how about this the goaltender uh troy grosnick he won his nhl debut back in november 16th 2004 he won 2306 days before he won his second nhl game uh he
wanted uh march 10th uh that's absolutely insane he got kind of a spot start cal peterson couldn't
go so they throw him in there uh i know the kings lost today but they're another team that's been a
bit of a surprise uh also we we got the Eric Carlson comments from
that division. I know we mentioned the Sharks earlier.
He had said the other day, quote,
obviously I did not sign here to go through a rebuild
or go through what I did for 10 years in Ottawa,
but it is what it is. I think we need to
find a way to build with the core group that we have
here and figure out a way to how to be competitive in the
upcoming years, end quote.
Doug Wilson had mentioned, he called it
a reset, which I don't know it's just
another gm term for a rebuild uh but this you think this marriage ain't built for long guys but
who's gonna take on that contract going forward probably i think that sometimes it's hard man
you're getting asked these questions and i know he speaks pretty fluent english english but uh
well i don't uh but sometimes you know you say things and they get taken out of context.
I would just say, because some Ottawa fans were pissed.
They're like, 10-year rebuild?
We were one game away from going to the Stanley Cup Finals kind of thing.
So I don't know.
It's just that there's probably a lot of pressure on these guys right now,
given the fact that things have not worked out the way they expected.
right now, given the fact that things have not worked out the way they expected.
I'll probably just chalk it up to maybe just a misspeaking wit.
Is that fair to say?
No, I don't necessarily agree with you just because for the most part,
they sucked.
I mean, they had a couple good years, but he's looking at it like when he's all he means is that when he signed with San Jose and now his game is definitely an issue.
Right. But what I'm just saying, his opinion or my guess on what he meant was when I signed with San Jose, I thought we'd be like a top team in the West.
Yeah. And we'd be like competing for cups.
Whereas in Ottawa.
Yeah. One time we made a big run.
But other than that, we were like kind of shit.
Fair.
Fucking tomahawk fucking dunk in your face again.
Jesus, I'm just taking L after L this pod.
Vegas is going to be without defenseman Alex Petrangelo
for the foreseeable future with an upper body injury
after blocked a shot.
It looked like he might have fucked up his left hand,
so he's going to be out for a stretch.
Our buddy Jordan Benensonton out in St.
Louis,
he signed a nice little six year,
36 million extension that kicks in next season.
We'll take him through the 27th season.
He's got a no trade clause for the first three and the modified no trade
clause for the last three.
So congrats to Jordan gets that security he's looking for.
I mean,
you can't be out chasing fucking extra dough these days,
guys,
but with the flat cap, I mean, you know,
bird in the hand is worth two in the bush,
or in this case, 36 in the hand is worth two in the bush, I suppose.
Yeah, he bet on himself.
He took that.
It's hard to call it a bridge deal, right?
The last one he took,
although he might have been restricted at the time,
but what did he sign?
Two years at 4 million a year.
Yeah, he ends up getting his payday man and i'm happy for him he's earned it and he had a really
good start to this year and i think that's a very fair contract and they're going to be happy with
it moving forward i think he's got a lot of game left and this is a good deal yeah i'm very happy
for him just after interviewing him right and like he he had to really put his balls on the line and
like stand up for himself at a time when he thought
he could just be lost in the world of professional hockey
where there's plenty of goaltenders who have probably like
maybe had not as many chances as somebody else
and could have ended up making it.
So he's ended up making it and that's a well-deserved raise.
It sets him up for life and happy for him.
All right. Once again, well said, Whit Dog. Hey, him up for life and happy for him. All right.
Once again, well said, Whit Dog.
Hey, when it comes to you.
I'm crushing it tonight.
You are crushing it.
When it comes to your chicklets, make sure you're digital and not analog
and get yourself a Bruch electric toothbrush.
Dentists recommend them because they're proven to be more effective.
Also, Bruch gives you that just left the dentist clean feeling when you're done.
They have six unique models to customize your brushing experience,
a four week battery life with a magnetic charging stand in compact travel case.
And with the subscription program,
you never forget to change your brush out again because Bruch ships you new
replacement heads every six months.
So you're never stuck using a worn down brush head again.
My favorite part is the nice sleek design.
Bruch's electric toothbrush has a modern, aesthetically pleasing design.
It comes in trend-driven seasonal colors and looks great on your bathroom counter.
Right now, you can get 15 off your Bruch toothbrush kit and refill plan
when you use the promo code CHICKLETS at bruch.com.
chicklets at bruce.com that's 15 off using the promo code chicklets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s at bruce.com that's b-r-u-u-s-h.com you want to take care of those chicklets you want to look good
by all means check out bruce uh speaking of the islanders nine in a row uh frankie bro he's going
to be owning you soon with nine in a row.
A little bit of tough news.
Honestly,
he's out indefinitely lower body injury.
He had a collision with Pavel Zaka the other night,
kind of a tough looking one.
But this seems like a team that can suffer a loss like that and keep on
charging.
We've said before,
they just kind of roll those lines out.
They get an absolutely stellar goaltender from Valo Valam off.
Sorokin's kind of settled down a little bit um i mean when you win nine in a row you're gonna get stroked off
on spitting check what's biz yeah uh they are a fucking wagon right now and and and that's really
all we could say just get everybody's pulling the rope i saw a couple games ago they were out
out high danger scoring chance someone 19 to 0 in the game, or at least in the first couple periods it was.
19-what?
19-0.
Oh, okay.
Biz, I cannot tell you how much it pains me to say how good they are.
You know I don't like pumping their tires, but they're good.
They're very good.
pumping their tires, but they're good. They're very good. Now, like the crazy thing is, is that it's these fans, they're so self-conscious and crazy. Frankie Borelli is the perfect
fan of the New York Islanders. He's just so nuts and always thinking everyone's out to get him that
it like is basically who they are. And I swear, I know that they're good. But when you try like showing that amazing Barzell goal,
I've been like, boring, this ain't boring.
I'll fucking stab you if I ever see you with me.
Overall, like nobody has a point per game.
It's a, do it like four lines deep,
like whether Matt Martin's making the plays one night
or Eberle's making the plays the other night, it really doesn't matter.
That's why they're so good.
But I do get weary and scared if you're peeking right around now.
I believe they did this at another point.
Or no, you know what?
They were actually tanking before COVID hit last year.
They had lost like 10 in a row or something like that.
But Barzell, something else.
Anders Lee is a scary injury because he's like the guy in front of the net.
He's a leader, right?
He's like really understands that room more than anyone else is from what I can tell.
Like he really is the guy everyone looks to.
And in front of the net on the power play and just like everything he adds intangibles,
that's going to be a little scary to see when he comes back.
But then I also was reading, I think it might have been Larry Brooks' column,
you know, towards his boy, Brooks, hey, fuck you.
He was saying, like, maybe Taylor Hall?
Do they try to trade for Taylor Hall?
I don't know.
Is that a guy that the Islanders, Lou's shown to be nuts.
You know, he'll make a move.
He's the guy who went out and got Ilya Kovalchuk in New Jersey
when nobody ever even mentioned them as a possible team.
So we'll see where they go.
They're not winning the cup, I'll tell you that.
But they're a good hockey team.
I don't think they've lost a game at home in regulation so far.
And I think Lou Lomarello became the first ever GM to win 100 games
for three separate
organizations so that's a i mean he's one guy who who i mean he's you guys think they could win the
cup like if they won the cup would would either one of you say you're surprised or would you be
like no i could see that i wouldn't be surprised at all you wouldn't be surprised at all if they
win at all no i mean trots just coaching it is is. I mean, the way they play for him, and also
Simeon Volomov, I mean, this guy
was a 45-1 shot for the Vesna at the
beginning of the year. I know Marc-Andre
Flory's the chalk right now,
but Volomov's at that level. He'll
probably be a finalist. Yeah, it wouldn't shock me at all if they
ended up winning the Cup. If they win the Cup,
I could have to quit. My only
doubt is sometimes
their offense can really dry up,
and that would be my only doubt in them.
But adding someone at the deadline would be  I don't know.
I don't know if Lou would ever go get a guy like Hall
because what would you be giving up as far as an asset?
What do you think Hall's value is right now with the season?
I would have no idea.
Honestly, I just read that in that column, just we were just chatting about the islanders but
no i didn't i didn't put too much like thought into it it was just more something to bring up
on the pod i would think buffalo is just going to take picks i mean you got to imagine they're
gonna yeah i mean he's gonna be ufa they have to fucking trade and be stupid not to they'll just
got to start stocking the um what do you call it? The cupboard for the future. Well, don't put it past them.
Yeah.
True that.
And speaking of Buffalo, Jack Eichel,
he's going to be out for the foreseeable future as well.
His injury is not considered a season ending.
He saw a specialist, but now he has to go into quarantine for seven days.
He's going to miss another four games.
So when it rains, it pours and snows 17 feet in fucking Buffalo lately.
Well, I saw apparently he's had it since the beginning of the year.
And then you saw him re-aggravated.
I forget what game it was.
And then the trainer was trying to massage his neck.
And the minute he touched it, you could see how much pain he was in.
And guys like, you know, neck and vertebrae,
that's something you can't fuck around with.
Yeah, just, you know, that's a valuable asset.
You don't want to be messing with that type of shit right now.
And if you take a look at the top of the standings as of this minute,
Islanders, Carolina, Tampa, Florida.
I don't think too many people would have predicted that earlier in the season.
Washington, they've won four straight, nine of 11.
They might get Hank Lundquist back.
It's a possibility.
They haven't guaranteed anything, but it's certainly something different.
That's changed in that regard.
And, Viz, I think, did you tweet who's the most underrated player in the NHL
or undervalued, would you say?
Oh, I got to go back to that Lou Lamoureux stat.
He actually became the fourth general manager on NHL history
to earn 100 regular season wins with three franchises so Brian Burke
Emil Francis and Brian Murray were other other three guys I thought I'd read that he was the
only guy to do it so stay keep staying hot biz and what was your question with your tweet was it
who's the most underrated player in the league yeah I know that Barkov always comes up every
year but like I watched the game the other night like I was saying the ends and like he had 25 minutes he played he's the first guy that they count on as far as
power play he's always out there killing penalties he wins face-offs you can't give him a bad pass
if you put it in his bubble he's he's taking it he's Jans talked about the amount of takeaways I
just feel that this guy is probably and and given with the contract that he's on,
I think that he's probably top, what,
top seven or eight centers in the league,
and you never hear about the guy
unless it's like someone saying like,
hey, remember this guy down in Florida?
Okay, well, you want to know who else might be
one of the top seven centers in the league
who you also really don't hear about
and it's been going on forever
is the Washington Capitals' Nicholas Backstrom
who leads them in scoring.
That's why I kind of brought it up.
Like, kind of an ageless wonder.
I mean, has Backstrom been in the league, what,
for, I don't know, 14 years now?
I would guess 13 to 14 years.
Yeah, like, holy, and he's still 30 points this year.
It's like, this guy doesn't down, and Verona keeps getting better.
So when you talk about Washington winning that many games in a row
and being on this heater, I don't really see them slowing down.
The fact that I didn't pick them to get into the playoffs, or did I?
Yeah, I don't think I did.
What an idiot.
Idiot.
14 years he's been in the NHL.
14 years Nicholas Baxter's been doing this. Enough is enough, Backey. And he's been in the age 14 years nicholas baxter's been doing this
enough is enough backy and he's sick at golf i think louis erickson's the most underrated biz
he was the guy for like four years and everybody seven years people said him
yeah stop you gotta stop fucking saying it uh i i was just saying ovechkin got a 716th goal
uh he's one behind phil Esposito for sixth all time.
Just want to make a note of that because that's obviously a big deal.
And he has never physically assaulted Bob McKenzie.
That we're aware of.
Temi Panarin returned to the Rangers Saturday in the victory over the Bruins.
Nice to see him back out there.
Hopefully fucking Putin will leave him alone and his family.
Threading the needle, too.
I think he contributed that sick assist back door, just buzzing.
And Tuka Rask has hurt a little bit, too.
He's nothing serious, but he'll actually be getting a lot of the play there lately.
There was another quote, Biz, I know you want to talk about.
Gary Bettman had his annual presser the other day.
He stated, I don't believe there's tanking in the game.
I think our players and our organizations our coaches are too professional um i don't i don't think anyone's
actually tanking but what do you call when a when a general manager is manipulating the roster so
it's not the best team he could ice because it doesn't benefit him to be in the middle of the
league i mean this one seemed to piss a lot of people off people were like oh what do you mean
no tanking going on and like i mean i guess that the the draft situation has to is kind of a contradictory contradictory in the way that they
set it up to prevent try to prevent teams from doing it to where it doesn't ensure that they
end up getting the first overall pick so i i don't know i mean i would say that there's there's
less of it going on now that that rule's in place. So what did you feel about the quote?
I mean, it just seemed like he can't come out and flat out say that,
yeah, teams in the league are fucking tanking.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
Before the year, there's 31 teams, soon to be 32.
There's a number of teams every single season who know, like,
all right, we don't have much this year.
You then try to field the best possible team you can,
and you try to grow younger players that you plan on being a part of your team
when it's good.
And then for the most part, you take beatings, and you take your lumps,
and it's like the Senators at times who can look really good,
but for the most part, struggle.
And is that tanking? I mean, I don't know. I don't,
I think teams like throughout the year, right?
When you realize you have nothing going,
you start selling assets and then you know you're going to struggle and you're
more worried about getting people games and ice time that you think could be a
part of your future.
And you're not as worried about winning and losing because the games don't
matter anymore. You're out of the playoffs.
So if that's tanking, there's tanking, but I don't know.
Let's use Detroit as an example, right?
Detroit's playing hard. You know what I'm saying?
Like, is that, they're not tanking.
Right. So they go out in the off season. They sign a guy like Bobby Ryan.
I think they got Sam Gagne and they,
they add these pieces to probably help with the locker room too,
and show these young guys how to be professionals.
And you need some competent actual players to help win some games
and make your team not laughable.
But at the end of the day, it's like what type of assets
can you trade certain players for?
Once you're at a certain level, it's like you really can't do much else.
You could trade those guys.
What are you going to get for a Bobby Ryan or a sam gagne who does detroit have where they can gain assets
for it in order to tank and try to try to be that dog shit any any you pending ufas basically i mean
you know you got to think any team would probably take a bobby ryan for cheap price going into the
playoffs even just to have him on the bench, even if your roster was fine.
I would think teams would be beating down doors to get a guy like,
even like Mark Stahl.
Like, I mean, if you're looking for defensive depth in the playoffs,
wouldn't you want to add a guy like Mark Stahl?
I don't know.
Why?
You don't know him?
I mean, yeah, look at the roster.
We got Luke Glendening, Darren Helm.
I mean, you know, I don't know if he wants to leave.
I know he had an option to leave last year.
He didn't want to.
Bobby Ryan, Mark Stahl, I just mentioned.
Patrick Nemeth.
I mean, if you're Detroit and you're building for the future,
these guys are going to be gone at the end of the year.
Why wouldn't you take even a fifth round and just get whatever you can and just build assets?
It's kind of a no-brainer, I think.
You know what else is a no-brainer?
Using earnest.
Right now, times are tough, and worrying about your student loan payments,
they don't make things any easier.
That's where refinancing with Earnest could help.
Earnest offers low-rate student loan refinancing,
and you can check your rate risk-free in just two minutes.
With Earnest, you get radically flexible payments,
and you could pick your loan term.
By refinancing, you can reduce your loan term, save money, or combine multiple loans into a simple monthly payment. And if you have questions,
you can even talk to a real live human at Earnest for help. Isn't it time you stopped feeling
overwhelmed by your student debt? Now, Earnest is giving our listeners a 100 bonus. Refinance
your student loans at Earnest.com slash chicklets. Terms and conditions apply.
Once again, visit earnest.com slash chicklets for more details. Terms and conditions will apply.
Earnest student loan refinancing made by Earnest Operations, LLC, NMLS number 1204917,
California Financing Law License number 6054788,
303 2nd Street, Suite 401N, San Francisco, California, 94107.
Visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licenses.
Once again, you get a 100 cash bonus when you visit earnest.com slash checklists to refinance your student loan.
Not available in all states.
Terms and conditions apply. dot com slash chicklets to refinance your student loan not available in all states terms and
conditions apply um just to go back to the draft stuff uh one second the nhl did propose to the
board of governors recently some changes uh reported alterations include limiting teams
to no more than two lottery wins in a five-year period allowing clubs to jump up only 10 spots
in reducing picks in the lottery from three to two. The next draft will likely stay in July.
I know there was talk of a delay.
It doesn't look like that's going to happen.
And another little note, the NHL's last place team has picked first overall
just twice in the past nine years.
So I don't know.
Do you really need to change it if that's the case?
I think not.
All right, gang, that wraps up all the hockey stuff.
Let's get to the fun shit, all the goofy shit.
Of course, we talk about Disney World for the first 20 minutes,
so I guess you could say we did it at the beginning.
But, boys, we got home.
I was waiting to see Coming to America.
Well, that's the name of it, Coming to America, the number two.
It was the sequel to the Eddie Murphy movie from back in 1988.
Now, I had zero expectations.
Anytime you make a sequel these days, it tends not to be good,
let alone when it's fucking 30, 31 years later, whatever it is.
I put it on 10 minutes in.
I was out cold.
It was probably because I just got home that night.
I watched it the next day.
It just was not good, man.
I'm a huge Eddie Murphy guy.
It's a classic, one of his classic movies, but it was bad, man.
Gee, I know you threw it on, too.
You didn't last too long.
It was horrible.
It was not a good movie at all.
I'm not critical about
movies i'll watch anything and this was brutal to watch yeah it was fucking disappointing worse
than dumb and dumber no no it wasn't that last the whole movie all right don't you not stop
watching a movie to like respect the craft yeah kind i mean i i if i want to give an opinion a
movie i gotta watch the whole thing um i did sit through it and you know they try to do the nostalgia thing a couple times
because people get roped in with that but it was just the story stunk it was just it was just a
mess man and again i i didn't have fucking high expectations and i watched the bill and ted sequel
actually when we were flying either down to florida or back one of the planes i was on the
last couple weeks and same thing i mean you're making a sequel to a movie that was popular 30 years ago so you gotta like touch that nostalgia nerve to get the older
folks involved but younger people don't know it man they just don't care and if the movie sucks
then that doesn't help either so it seemed like they were forcing it to r.a they ruin it they
ruin all these fucking original movies man it's brutal yeah i mean it's it's money i mean money
i'm sure it made amazon a
lot of money i mean they paid whatever they paid for it but i don't know if obviously they're not
getting at the theater but they're trying to get it through subscriptions nowadays everything's
changed with the pandemic they're not making money at the theaters like they used to before
although that should be fucking changing soon hopefully um gee i know we mentioned it earlier
the carill the thrill shirts they are available available on the website if you want to explain the process.
Yeah, Kirill put up a hat trick last night.
We looked up the most commonly used Kirill phrase on the Internet.
It happened to be Kirill the Thrill.
We threw it on a shirt, and they're selling off the hook.
So, Minnesota people, your savior has arrived.
You can buy it at barstoolsports.com slash chicklets.
And, gee, are we going to have a behind-the-scenes video from Jupiter 2?
I know we did a lot of recording down there.
Yes, sir.
We have a behind-the-scenes video dropping, I believe,
and don't hold me to these exact dates,
but I believe we have a behind-the-scenes video dropping this Wednesday.
Next Wednesday, we have the Pink Whitney Putt-Putt Challenge video
dropping as well.
And then the weekend or the week after that, we have a sandbagger.
So lots of content coming on the YouTube page.
Please subscribe.
Like Biz said a couple weeks ago,
a lot of our trips are based off the success of the YouTube page.
So if you guys subscribe, that means we're having more success.
We can do more things.
So, again, please subscribe.
Yeah, you've been killing it with that stuff.
Good job, Mike.
Thank you.
Of course.
Atta boy, Michael.
All right.
And wrapping up, we got one last story here.
This is a big story here in Boston or the
New England area. Former middleweight champ
Marvelous Marvin Hager passed away
on Saturday. He was only 66 years
old. I know I'm obviously the
old guy the crew here with. He was a little before
your time, but back in the 90s. Brockton Mass,
right? Brockton Mass, yeah. He was originally
from Newark, and then he fought out of Brockton
when he moved there later.
Back in the 80s, man, I know, you know, we are Larry Bird,
Ray Bork, Jim Rice, Roger Clemens.
Well, Marvin Hagel is up there with all these guys in the eighties.
Um, you know, those are obviously team sports.
He held the middleweight title for almost seven years.
He had 12 successful defenses, 11 of those defenses. He knocked the guy out.
Just one of the all-time greatest boxes ever.
Um, probably the greatest boxers ever.
Probably the best middleweight ever.
I know Sugar Ray Robinson fought in the 40s or whatever.
But back in the 80s, when it was the great middleweight era of boxing,
there was nothing better than Marvelous Marvin Hagerman.
It was genuinely sad to read that he passed away.
Yeah, very sad.
And young, all right.
I didn't know he was only 66.
Did they say what he passed away from, or was it not made public?
It hasn't been made public yet. I know I'm not going gonna get enough online speculation but for sure for sure he was uh 66 he was living in the hampshire and his wife posted online that he
passed away uh suddenly uh well hampshire he uh if you get the chance go right now and i think a
lot of it had been going viral the the first round versus Tommy Hearns.
Is that what it was, Ari?
Yep.
H-E-A-R-N-S.
Yep.
Oh, my God.
It might be the greatest round of boxing I've ever seen.
I know Ward Gotti had some crazy rounds,
but this is the first round of the fight.
Go check it out right now.
I don't know.
Do you know the year off the top of your head?
All right.
That was 80.
I want to say it was 85 off the top of my head. But, yeah, I 80. I want to say those 85 off the top of my head.
But yeah, it's on the blog.
I wrote a blog about it Saturday night, so you can check the blog out on
last night.
I included that first round in the whole show.
Ended up winning that fight.
Oh, Hagler beat him in like it was the fifth round, but it was just the
two of them were just going toe to toe for that first round.
And if you watch the first round, not to give it away.
I mean, it doesn's not exactly a spoiler alert
when you're talking about this many years later,
but Hearns comes out so hard, and both of them do.
And I think there's so many moments in that first round
where it looks like he could knock him out.
And maybe, I've never seen the entire fight,
but maybe after that he was like, oh my God, if I didn't get him.
That was like rough and rowdy.
He probably thought it was only three rounds.
Just going to town first round, then he's gassed.
But, yeah, he had an absolute steel jaw.
I mean, he was only knocked down.
I mean, he was never knocked out.
Hagel was knocked down once, and even that was disputed from what I've read.
So, just a tough-as-nails competitor.
I mean, like I said, my generation is familiar with Marvin Hagel.
But just sad news in the area this week, an icon of boxing,
a New England icon gone at 66.
So tough news.
But it has been nice to see the tributes pour out from everybody.
You know, it happens in this day and age.
Everybody has an outlet.
So it sucks.
What else you boys got this week on?
I have one thing, guys.
Me?
A great article in the Hustle magazine about Pink Whitney this week.
I feel like we got to give a shout out.
Yes, Trunk Fan.
We did an interview with him.
I know Erica chatted with him and Biz and I were on the phone.
And he wrote an article about Pink Whitney and what's been going on there. And really, guys, with all the chirping we do on the show and like.
We could never have imagined what's what's happened with Pink Whitney and the success we've had.
And it's all because of you and the listeners and then people who, you know, like Grinnelli did work for the cover of the you know, what what the bottle looks like.
So it's the people who don't even know about the pod.
They like the label.
It's just we were so thankful and grateful for for fans going out and like even
even trying it when i said how good pink lemonade and vodka was together so the article was awesome
to kind of read and and see like where it's where it's gone is wild so we want to thank you guys so
much got excited at first i thought it was in hustle magazine about pink whitney i was like
whoa you would have had you would have had it in your mailbox already. Like, where's the tequila hunt?
The pages are stuck together.
Hey, one final thing, guys.
Did you guys see that Justin Bieber music video?
Just pumping the Leafs.
Absolute Leafs porn biz.
I'm sure you would put a more Uli button to it.
Plan the fucking parade.
I've been bullish on the Leafs,
although since that fucking video has came out,
they don't look very good.
I think they got beat by Ottawa tonight on Sunday.ay so i don't know i don't know is this the bieber curse did he beat did he curse him
we'll find out stay tuned for the rest of the season we can get bieber on this show
absolutely not nope he doesn't give a fiddler's fuck what's going on in spitting chiclets
he's too busy what was that last video he came out with you think bieber's heard of spitting do you think if someone's like do you know what spitting chiclets. He's too busy. What was that last video he came out with? You think Bieber's heard
of spitting? Do you think if someone's like, do you know what
spitting chiclets is? Bieber would say yes or no.
Not a chicken dick's chance. I would say
no chance. I bet you he absolutely has.
He is a hockey fanatic.
I guarantee you he has heard of spitting chiclets.
Guarantee it.
He's got the invite. He can come on
anytime. Don't be shy.
We'll get him. We'll get him.
We'll get him eventually.
All right, gang.
All right.
Well, yeah, that about wraps it up.
Right?
All right.
So we want a good to good to good to go.
Oh, there we go.
All right, everybody.
Have a fantastic week.
Enjoy the interviews.
And we'll check back next week.
Hey, think of me, guys.
I was thinking of you guys.
I got cursed with the Leafs because I've been so bullish on them all season.
Or maybe maybe the fucking Mr.
Shvetchnikov put a hex on.
I put a hex on. You might never be able
to podcast again.
I have to undo it with a real good one.
The minute
we hit record today
my brain just took a massive... I was
so amped up to do this pod too.
I was texting you guys yesterday about it.
So my apologies for being brutal. I'll bounce back better than ever next pod but at least
we got some great interviews and and wit and ra carried the show because you know what
accountability is a huge word in life you know what i mean and i think that i think that when
you kind of come out and say you struggled people it resonates with people who maybe that day at
their job didn't return emails correctly and didn't do a good job at their desk and i think that
takes a lot of honor to say what you just said but you're still our guy like panarin went from
not winning the calder to winning it lou was the only gm to fucking win 100 games with three
different franchises when he was actually the fourth to do it.
Carl said Carlson can speak English.
There is no language barrier there. He's probably
more fluent than I am in English.
Let's go through the whole fucking list,
folks. What else did I fuck up
on? At least you didn't say Anders.
He spoke a foreign language.
Look at the pause.
Oh, that thousand other Anders.
Oh, I didn't even know he was North American.
Although when you said he had a lower body injury, I'm like, how?
Have you seen the fucking tree trunks on that guy?
Yeah.
I think he was like a world class is the right word.
I think he was a sick football player.
I've heard.
Growing up in Minnesota, I could have played D1 football.
Really? If I'm making that up, I could have played D one football. Really?
If I'm making that up,
I know Paul Martin was the same way.
Legendary defenseman,
Paul Martin,
one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet.
Skillsy was,
I think Anders Lee was a very good football player as well.
Skillsy played.
Yeah.
Skillsy was a QB.
I was terrible at football.
Jesus Christ.
I couldn't even,
I, I, one practice, I hit my hand on the helmet.
You've never seen somebody hate a sport more than me hate a hat.
I went to one football practice at Notre Dame High School,
and Michael Pitchell, my good buddy, broke his ankle.
And I said, nope.
Nope.
Never showed back up.
It was a bad one, too.
His ankle sideways.
You're like, I'm out.
Yeah.
What was the one that  what was the football player who the quarterback back in the day obviously
oh it's joe theismann who got his career ended yeah that was like the beginning of the blind side
oh all right you made me miss joe theismann all right with that guys um wish me luck think of me
right tomorrow's the day but you'll be listening to the day after because this is Sunday for us.
Love you guys.
Peace.
Peace. It's a small world after all.
It's a small world after all.
It's a small world after all.
It's a small world after all.
It's a small, small world.
It's a small, small world. As always, we'd like to thank our fantastic sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets.
Huge thanks to our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends over at Whoop for taking care of our training and our sleep.
Huge thanks to our new friends at BetterHelp.
If you're struggling these days, by all means, check them out.
Big thanks to our friends at CBDMD for helping us get a good night's sleep.
Big thanks to everybody over at Bruch for keeping our
chiclets nice and clean. And a huge thanks to everybody at Earnest. If you're looking to
refi those student loans, by all means, check them out. Have a great week, everyone.
