Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 326 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and the Bastille Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, everybody?
The warm weather's getting here.
People are getting a little antsy from Pink Whitney. We'll be getting to that in a bit. Let's go to Mikey Grinnelly first. What's going on everybody the warm weather's getting here people getting a little antsy for from pink whitney we'll be getting to that in a bit let's go to mikey granelli for us
what's going on buddy well re you mentioned pink whitney and we do have a sandbagger sponsored by
pink whitney dropping this week my common or ray whitney i can't wait as a producer this is a
producer's dream so i'll let the big boys talk about it next we'll go to the wit dog next ryan
whitney what's going on buddy not much not much a lot to talk about it next. We'll go to the wit dog next. Ryan Whitney, what's going on, buddy?
Not much, not much.
A lot to talk about.
So many millions of things happening in the sports world.
Hockey is exciting.
I have some things to prove that we could be, unfortunately,
maybe seeing not as much excitement down the stretch here,
but still for right now, I don't want to be a downer.
I'm ready to go and ready to talk about what happened in this league.
Looking forward to it. We'll get to it shortly. Last but not least, out in the
dirty desert, Paul, biznasty, biznette.
Buddy, I saw you Friday night doing the TV thing.
You're fucking good, buddy. I'm about to kiss
your ass. It's funny when I see you on here
butchering stuff and then you're on TV
and you nail it. You're like Dick Clark. He's not
butchering stuff on TV? Not when I watch.
I butcher
a couple words, but I keep it together.
We don't usually call it out.
But I have a good time.
When I'm about to fumble fuck my words on live,
usually Tyson Nash will take a couple jabs on me if we're sharing the segment.
But, yeah, we've got such a fun crew here in the desert.
Between Jody Jackson, Todd Walsh, Tyson Nash, and Matty McConnell.
Yeah, it's fun, man.
And I'll tell you what.
The Coyotes have been playing some good hockey as of late
they've won three in a row
when they were playing Minnesota and they
I think they had like three goals in five games
whatever it was that's when it gets a little bit
hard because I hate being critical but
I appreciate that buddy it's a little tummy
stick action off the top here
that's alright nothing wrong with a little tummy stick
alright this is just leading in
Biz is going to do acting
you've heard it here I think many times before Biz will be an actor All right, a little tummy stick. All right, this is just leading in. Biz is going to do acting.
You've heard it here, I think, many times before.
Biz will be an actor.
And so I think you being good on TV, it's no surprise.
It's no surprise to us, you know, the true fans of Biz Nasty.
Now, I got to play a little tummy sticks back, R.A. I was disappointed that you weren't named one of the sexiest bald men alive
in the recent poll.
They ended up up guess who got
first place with ah you'll know it already it's um sexiest bald guy alive i'm gonna say either
kelly slater or prince william oh he got yeah prince william that's bullshit he's not a no way is it prince william
who got it is kelly slater is kelly slater the the surfer yeah oh yeah he's a he's a what a monday
that just made my monday i think ra is better looking than prince harry thank you i only said
prince william because it's like they're in the news right he's not good looking he's kind of
terrible looking he looks a little bit like a bird. But Harry's way better looking.
Yeah, way better.
He looks like his father, who's not a good looking guy.
And it's funny.
I tweeted, get the F out of here.
Not even trying to make a pun, but out of here.
Like, out of here.
You know, rhymes with hair.
I wasn't even trying to make that stupid joke.
But I read the criteria.
All they did was they looked how many times people called him sexy in blogs and articles.
It wasn't like they did was they like looked how many times people called him sexy in blogs and articles it wasn't like they did a poll and he happened to be called sexy the most which is
i mean i don't know how long the articles went back i know he was a better looking guy when he
had a full head of hair but the idea of him the sexiest bald guy in the world well i'm a little
bit more upset at our fan base for not tweeting ra and the word sexy in this in the same tweets. R is the sexiest bald guy from Charlestown born in 1971
that lives on D Street.
That snuck into
four Stanley Cup finals.
Mishmash middle Charlestown Southie action.
I know shit.
The other guys were Jason Statham
was an obvious answer.
Yeah, I mean, Bruce Willis
is a good looking guy.
Yeah, he's kind of one of the bald icons.
Dwayne the Rock Johnson.
You got to have a good-shaped head,
and you got to have a little color on it,
and then you got to be tan.
So me bald and R.A. bald, no bueno.
Oof, you'd be a tough-looking bald guy.
No offense, R.A.
No, none taken at this stage.
I'll wear a rug that you could...
No, I would never actually wear a rug,
but I would be the ugliest bald guy going.
You look like the guy from Christmas Vacation, the grandpa.
Was it him who had the rug?
Who loses his jibs?
No, doesn't he have the rug too?
Yeah, and then I think it starts a fire possibly.
I might be mushing.
All right, answer me this,
because they were a little bit more common back then before a hair
transplants became so easy and actually like productive.
Who like,
who has,
who are the,
some of the most infamous rug wearers of all time?
Oh,
Oh,
that's a thing.
I think everyone was wearing them.
I thought.
Yeah.
Back,
back before they did transplants and stuff.
Yeah.
I mean any,
basically any principal you had in grade school
probably had a fucking...
Oh, yeah.
Had a rug back then.
But I'm trying to think of...
Oh, Ma Valvet.
Ma Valvet's got to be number one.
I mean, he had different...
That's proof or that's just like knowledge between...
Different day of the week, just had a different top?
Yeah, yeah.
No, I think it's pretty well...
I think it's pretty well known that Ma Valvet had a wig.
All right, we got to get you wearing rugs from now on.
We got to get a rug sponsorship.
Like Lex Luthor.
Oh, my God, that would be funny.
Speaking of the movies, a friend of mine who tweets on Twitter,
the stupid sentence,
he said that Massachusetts is getting a whole bunch of movies
that are going to be coming here.
Like eight movies are going to be starting their production in the state.
They're already filming a couple right now.
So, I mean, I'm already on file with a casting agency,
so I'll have to keep my eyes peeled to see if any opportunities pop up.
Did we ever find out which movie Leo was filming when he was in Boston?
Yeah, the one with Jennifer Lawrence that Adam McKay is directing.
I forget the name off the top of my head. I can pull it up real quick.
But yeah, I don't know if they're still filming that here, but
they were just filming
what do you call it? Ben Affleck
and George Clooney. That
book, what's it called? The Tender Bar about the
kid who grew up basically in a bar. It was a
book. That's being turned into a movie? Yeah,
they're filming it locally. Oh, that's actually my favorite book.
Oh, shit. J.R.
Moringer. Yeah, we get
it. You read. I can't
even say the author's name of my favorite
book. That's why I'm the ugly bald guy.
But it's the
best book. It's about this kid's life. It's a memoir.
It's all an unreal story
the way it goes down. So to hear that's
being made into a movie, I probably am going to be
the guy who says you got to read the
book. Yeah, the book yeah yeah
yeah the book was better than already that guy i don't think it's possible now uh one other thing
i wanted to mention before we get into hockey because we do have a few uh i mean there's one
one story off the hop the tim peel stuff uh that's i guess probably the leading leading
candidate out of the gate here oh no a ref get a ref uh getting caught on a hot mic saying he gave a team a fake
penalty and then getting fired for it that's number one news story you don't say uh but before
we get there this this ship that got caught in the suez canal have you guys been reading about this
costing the global economy with 400 million dollars an hour that it's stuck an hour an hour
billions and billions of dollar that it was it's a ship
that's bigger than the empire state building and they say a big gust of wind knocked it into the
side and it got caught in the sandbags and i i mean with everything going on in the world right
now it's longer than the empire state building oh the ship is bigger than the Empire State Building. It's huge. It is huge. This is probably what the most traveled canal as far as like shipping containers, RA?
It's probably either that or the Panama Canal. But yeah, the Suez is the main way to get from Europe to Asia without having to go all the way around Africa, which is what they used to have to do before the canal.
which is what they used to have to do before the canal.
And, you know, because there was a big thing like,
oh, these people should just back up and go around Africa. But they said the fuel costs alone are like a half a million dollars,
not to mention the two, three days you add to your journey.
So, yeah, it was a huge clusterfuck, man.
I don't know what the guy did.
He tried to say the wind did it, but...
How'd they move it?
Tugboats, basically.
Yeah, they got a bunch of tugboats.
Well, they haven't really figured it out yet.
So that's kind of the comedy behind it.
I saw it today. Oh oh they finally got it okay well then last time
i read up on that it was just funny seeing that crane next to it and you're like that thing ain't
doing shit see i mean when you think all those trailers those are things that are on the back
of an 18 wheeler so when you see like i don't know however many hundred are on there that gives you
an idea how big the freaking thing is um that movie is called don't look up by the way there's the leo dicaprio movie they
filmed here it's a post-production right now so we'll keep our eyes peeled for that uh also before
we get to tim pale we do want to mention our guests uh we have former red wings goalie jimmy
howard he just retired gradient if you're real good stuff we're gonna have that first not right
away but we'll get to that shortly and also our buddy and our co-worker caleb presley he has the
51 strokes podcast he's gonna try to become a professional golfer over the next year
or a scratch golfer i'm not professional scratch golfer so we're going to bring him on a question
extraordinaire if you don't know caleb he's uh one of the truly unique personalities here at
boston he's a great guy so we got some fun stuff coming a little later but yeah tim peel biz this
was uh pretty funny stuff well not for, but for people who observe hockey,
he got the boot for the rest of the season after getting caught on a hot
mic. He basically said the quiet pot out loud.
It was right after a shitty trip and call on Nashville's Victor Avidsson.
He said it wasn't much,
but I wanted to get a fucking penalty against Nashville early.
And according to Matt Duchesne,
he actually said it to Philippe Horsberg on Nashville. He was, you know, guys bullshit.
That doesn't make sense to me, but keep going.
So basically the NHL said he would no longer be working
NHL games now or in the future.
You know, maybe it's not like they fired him for fucking up,
but the reality is he was going to retire anyways
after the season.
So it's almost like an easy, convenient excuse for the league
to just say, oh, you're all done.
But let's ask you guys, do refs talk like this to players?
Do they acknowledge that they're kind of managing a game
within what go to you first?
I definitely remember a time pretty much in every league,
once you start realizing that like referees really matter.
When you're young, you have no idea what's going on
unless you have lunatic parents screaming at them.
But once you start being able to talk to the refs throughout a game,
everyone's heard them say, I owe you one, guys.
Or maybe a linesman.
I think that that's always been normal.
Now, the problem is so many people hate that.
So many fans that they despise it, and they don't really understand
that it's just always been a way where refs look to somewhat even up the game.
So I've never heard it said publicly,
so obviously that hot mic changes everything.
Now, the one thing is I said I was shocked that he got fired.
I didn't know at the time that he was done after this year.
It's a little different, right, if this guy was a young ref.
And that doesn't shock me.
He basically got suspended.
It's like, all right, dude, early retirement, take a hike.
There's a severance package.
Yeah, the funny thing was people were telling me,
oh, man, Tim Peel, this is amazing.
Nothing even happened.
I'm like, dude, he was going to retire anyways.
Who cares?
I'm like, yeah, his legacy is pretty much  well, his legacy.
I don't know if he has a legacy he's not known as the best referee but his whole like history
basically was tarnished you know you can say yeah you were only working a couple more months but now
you you went out this way it's pretty embarrassing so i don't understand how the league would go about
changing refereeing where you're always it's
either it's either robots and call every single thing by the rule book every single time no matter
if it's exhibition game or its seventh game of the stanley cup final or you have guys who are
making their own decisions in a sense as the game flows and you get situations like this
i i think it's it's more realistic to understand that referees
fuck up. I mean, you have replay for so many things that I understand the refereeing in the NHL,
so many fans, I understand, don't like it. They say how bad it is. I don't know. It's a tough job.
And I think that for as many shitty calls and shitty situations the refs in the league put
themselves in there's also a lot of games that I watch and I have no complaints yeah so I kind of
rambled on here but in the end I wasn't surprised when I found out that he was done after this
season to begin with I would definitely agree it it tarnishes it tarnishes his image uh and it's tough because
like I mean the guy put in so much time you don't want to see anybody have to go out like that it's
embarrassing right and and your and your name's getting dragged through the mud online now it's
hard to defend it because you're just like like he's essentially admitting to like calling a
shitty penalty and that he it was it was almost it was almost admitting it was like premeditated
so as a fan you're furious and I believe matt duchesne went on a local radio station in nashville
and i don't think we have to roll the clip but essentially he's saying is like
you know they went from not really being a factor to the fact that they're battling for
that fourth spot now they're tied they're tied right so he's saying well what if that ends up
costing us a point and we miss playoffs by a point?
Like, you know, jobs are at stake here.
You know, Hines was a bit, I would say he was on the hot seat
at least at one point.
Like, you know, jobs are at stake.
So the fact that he got caught in the hot mic,
and a lot of people are saying, well, I would have liked to have heard
like the rest of what he was saying.
And yeah, I mean, I would too.
Context does mean a lot.
But regardless, what was caught on the hot mic still didn't sound very good. And the fact that the league is really trying to get involved in gambling, and I think that Gary Bettman's been pretty vocal about that, you probably have to take a a hard place. And given the fact that he is retiring at the end of the season, yeah, it was probably easy to say, hey, you know,
I think he's probably still going to get his severance
and nothing's going to happen to him financially
other than the games he's not maybe working here
to finish off the year.
But, yeah, it was just  also, Ryan Callahan had an interesting quote.
I think he was talking about it on the NHL Network,
and he said  and this is  we've been through this hundreds of times you get three power plays in the first and in between periods in
their locker room you're telling everyone boys move your feet keep your stick down we know that
they're going to be looking to call one no we're getting one we're gonna get one yeah it's coming
somebody's getting it guys you know they're gonna get us back for one like you do your best to yeah talk about you're right but and and also from to defend referees in a sense it's easy for us to say well they
shouldn't be looking at it from from that standpoint at all it should be like you call
the penalty men in black clear the mind clean slate we're moving forward here but you've also
refereed against certain guys who might be fuck you and you every night and being assholes to you where maybe they have certain vendettas against players i don't know
if this is the case in this situation but i never i i wasn't playing a lot i never had issues with
referees i was usually the one supplying the gatorade and water as soon as we had the tv time
out so if anything i might have got a few lucky ones uh not called against me during my time in
the nhl but it's a very unfortunate
situation of course you know I would say the amount of social media backlash definitely played
a part in all of it because it as soon as it it got posted it just caught fire and every everyone
with a check mark had an opinion on it so I don't know I would have been okay with with you know
them suspending them for 10, 15 games
and also been able to bring him back and give him a proper send-off.
It just sucks that he's not going to be able to get the send-off
for putting 1,500 games in.
But I guess that's the punishment that fits the crime.
I couldn't believe he's been doing it since 99.
Sorry, go ahead, Whit.
No, no, no.
You go ahead, buddy.
Yeah, what do you think from a fan perspective?
I'll say my piece after.
We haven't heard your opinion.
All right.
First off, I think the lesson here is when you're wired with a microphone,
you should be careful what you say first off.
I mean, but I was very curious, guys, about how did that ref's hot mic
go over the year?
You know what I'm saying?
We usually hear the refs in the arena.
So how did it get on the telecast?
That's what I was curious about.
They haven't really revealed that yet.
But, yeah, I think it sucks for Peele,
but I don't think he did anything different or wrong, again,
other than talking on a hot mic, because this does go on.
I mean, it's been the joke here in Boston Saturday night in Montreal
that Canadians are going to get that first power play all the time.
It would have been hilarious if he actually said that
instead of what he did say.
But, yeah, I think the, I mean, punishment punishment if you want to call it it is appropriate i mean you are kind of tarnish in his legacy such as it is like the guy people when they
bring it up now are going to remember yeah he said that at the end of his career right to to ref those
last they're not going to remember him getting hit in the nuts and and then it going in on
luongo and him giving him the dust there. Yeah, but, you know, the league's like that.
Did it hit him in the nuts?
The fact that Luongo gave him the dirty look for catching a puck in the nuts.
Folks, if you're listening to this, there was a clip that got posted,
and we don't mean to pile on Tim Peel right now.
Oh, are you kidding me?
This is too good.
This is like saying don't play.
He's in the corner, completely out of the play somebody
dumps it in and ends up hitting him there was another clip it might have been a different
right yeah the vertuzzo ended up getting him in the nuts i believe but uh but there was a another
clip where it ends up hitting him and literally walks the goal line and goes in on luongo that's
the one that's the vertuzzo goal okay so it was the same one i didn't realize it hit him in the
nuts at first but uh that was a tough balance.
But it's a funny clip.
So that has now overshadowed Tim Peel's career highlight.
To answer your question, I have no idea why that hot mic is going on the air.
Same time, same fucking issue they dealt with with the mics being on the glass
where when Morgan Riley was yelling,
rag it, rag the puck.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I don't know.
Maybe it was because there's a mic up top there.
But what was the last thing I was going to say?
Oh, the one reason that I wanted to hear the rest of what he said and in context was because of the fact that he told it to Philippe Forsberg.
Dude, why would he say Nashville?
I don't know why the fuck he would say it,
and I don't know why he would call it.
No, not why he would say it,
but why would he say Nashville to a guy on Nashville?
He'd say you guys.
Do you know what I'm saying?
If you skate up to Crosby, like, I was giving the Penguins one,
it's like you're talking to somebody on the Penguins.
So you're saying that that's being missed?
Oh, no, no, no.
If if if Dushane said it 100 percent, I believe it.
I'm just saying it's like it's odd to hear him say it that way.
That's what's confusing.
Like he's that much of a hard.
Oh, he's not like I was giving you guys one.
He's like yelling your team name at you.
Do you understand how weird that is?
Tim Peel wanted to give one to Nashville there.
Okay.
Okay, and I have two things.
First, for you to apologize for us talking about that clip,
that clip is one of the all-time bloopers I've ever seen.
A slap shot off a ref's nuts in the corner.
The puck then walks the goal line,
goes in on one of the all-time great goaltenders,
and then he stares
down the ref like it's his fault and two i hate to come off because i have i i remember when i was
younger playing in the league and you'd hear and see people say things about you and then you looked
and they never played hockey and i was ignorant enough to be like, fuck, these guys never even played.
In moving on in my second career in this podcasting world we live in,
I understand completely how wrong I was that like people,
a lot of people who never played hockey know a lot about hockey, right?
So I hate to sound like somebody who's like,
you don't know what you're talking about because you didn't play.
But the whole refereeing system to me is like, I don't know.
You kind of had to play.
You kind of had to be a part of games to realize that games are reffed
in an even way for both teams.
For the most part, you look at referees.
Most guys in the NHL, some more than others,
keep the penalties very close, like one to two to maybe three or four between each team, right?
You're never getting like a one team gets 12 power plays and another team gets
three. Yeah. This isn't Russia. Yeah. Like, so I don't know.
Like there's just so much complaining about how bad it is.
And I guess I don't, I don't consider it that terrible.
Yeah. I agree with that.
I didn't see a ton of players tweet about
it. I did see Jason Demers did tweet
though. He said, quote, I always liked Tim Peel.
There's a flow in NHL games that
refs have to manage that might be tough to notice.
They are human and make mistakes
and sometimes get caught up in keeping that flow.
Might be excessive, which I thought was pretty
interesting because usually players don't chime in on
matters of referee discipline. I thought thought was pretty interesting because usually players don't chime in on matters of referee discipline.
But I thought it was an interesting perspective.
Yeah, it's a fair quote.
And, of course, Peel also was the referee who took a picture with Puck Daddy,
Greg Wyshynski, doing shots at a bar after a game a few years ago.
I think he was disciplined for that as well.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah. You don't remember that?
I saw the picture. Why he can't drink?
Yeah, he got in trouble.
No, not because he was drinking. I guess just doing a shot and putting it online. I mean, I've had Yeah. I saw the picture. Why can't he drink? Yeah, he got in trouble. No, not because he was drinking.
I guess just doing a shot and putting it online.
I mean, I've had
It was the afternoon before puck drop.
Yeah.
No, after a game.
Doing belly button shots off Wyshynski.
I can't be doing
Oh, man.
So, yeah, the league kind of, you know,
come down with their integrity and all that shit.
And it's like, you know, it's coming from Colin Campbellbell the same guy you can go back to his emails from 10 years
ago like you know when his kid was playing and call and play his fakers and shit so you can kind
of roll your eyes when you read that type of stuff but they gotta say that great guy though
hey i think i think isn't there a story where where uh i don't know if it was steve otter
lyle odeline but i know that i'm pretty sure they were together when they were in Dallas
where they weren't supposed to be in the lineup,
and they ended up going for afternoon beers.
And I think it was Otter got a text at like 4 being like,
hey, you got to play tonight.
And he'd already been like six to eight deep.
Probably played amazing.
Yeah.
Anybody boards me, I'm going to piss all over myself.
I mentioned the Pink Whitney and nice weather a few minutes ago.
The warm weather is here.
Playoffs are just around the corner.
We've got the Kentucky Derby soon, the Frozen Four, the Final Four,
not to mention boring-ass baseball is coming back.
So make sure to head over to your local liquor store today to find Pink Whitney
and the new 375-milliliter Mickey-sized bottle that Biz just showed you
on the camera right there.
Show it again, Biz.
There you go. You might see your local hobo carrying that just showed you on the camera right there. Show it again, biz. There you go.
You might see your local,
local hobo carrying that size of here in the States.
So try out the new Mickey size for all your party needs and make sure to
enjoy responsibly.
All right,
gang moving right along with NHL notes,
COVID stuff still affecting the schedule and our league is going to be
going past the May 8th end of season.
They've reached,
they've rescheduled games for May 10th.
I don't think this is a real shock
given the way things have transpired.
The league does have a cushion.
They're just basically going to shorten the break
in between the Stanley Cup final
and the start of next season.
So, you know, they're under no gun here.
So they do have plenty of time to do that.
The NHL draft lottery on July 23rd and 24th,
they made a few changes to that.
There's only going to be two drawings
instead of three like they've been doing. Teams will be restricted for moving up more than 10 spots
if it wins one of the lottery draws uh teams cannot win the lottery more than twice in a
five-year period wins in the lottery prior to 2022 will not be counted toward this the nhl said
the changes will reduce the likelihood of the worst finishing team dropping in the draft order
and not retain the right to the number one pick.
The 15 teams that fail to qualify for the 21 playoffs and the expansion
Kraken who begin play next year will be involved in the 2021 lottery.
The 22 lottery will include the 16 teams that missed the playoffs.
This is just kind of, I don't know, standard business stuff.
There's any reaction or none.
No.
Yeah.
No, I just hope Buffalo.
What are you talking
about i thought you were still doing an ad shut up wait i was fucking listening i was thinking i
hope buffalo wins it if there's one team should get exempt from the you can only win a two-time
rule it should be the fucking sabers oh they still on this losing streak yeah and and they're about
to i think they're gonna tie the penguins from maybe 0-4, 0-5 longest maybe of all time.
Yeah, man, it's not good.
In the streak, they've scored the fewest and given up the most in the league
and just been so bad.
And they're going to start losing guys.
Eric Stahl, I don't mean to get into your headlines here.
You can go right ahead.
That's all right.
We did mention the Predators a minute ago. They've had a 4-0 week. They're now fourth in the All right, you can go right ahead. That's all right. We did mention the predators a minute ago.
They've had a four and a week.
They're now fourth in the central.
Like you just said,
Whit,
I don't know if they heard us talking about them.
It seems like the second or third time we should on a team.
And then,
then they turned it on this year,
which is kind of,
we're trying Buffalo.
We're trying to help.
We'll get to you later,
but Nashville,
they've won five,
five in a row.
They went four,
four in the last week,
seven of eight.
The goaltender has been on rail.
Saros has been great.
Pekka Rennie's dialed back the clock.
He's been outstanding.
They've only given up more than two goals in one of the last eight games.
Rocco Grimaldi had a four-goal game the other night,
and the Preds also just signed BU defenseman and top 10 Hobie Baker finalist
David Ferenc to an entry-level deal.
Carolina, they remain red hot, 3-0 in the week,
11-1- two since being swept by
tampa in february uh they've got eight straight wins again their goaltenders been getting it done
not to mention their extensive uh i'm sorry excellent forwards uh some awful moves out of
florida man wait let me jump back to to carolina jumping whenever is it is it nikas is that how i
say his last name i think they say naked naked naked i've heard it four different ways but
here's another here's another guy coming on the scene for for for the caroline hurricanes guys we
don't we don't talk about these guys enough because i don't follow them closely but they
just keep getting it done and and all of a sudden they got these guys who just keep developing and
and you know oh my favorite word their trajectory just keeps arising and rising and rising.
And it is what I saw a tweet.
I think last year you even chirp this guy because he was scorned and you
were like,
Hey,
start doing something and I'll know how to say your name.
And somebody let me know that,
that,
you know,
we,
we owe him an apology and he's actually not even an apology.
He did what you said.
Now you're talking about him.
You're welcome.
Because after he scored.
So basically you changed the trajectory of this guy's career.
You're welcome.
I should get 10 of his next contract.
We'll have Jeff call him.
All right, Nashville.
David Poyle's always been like the most patient guy in the room, right?
Yes.
And we were talking maybe in Jupiter before that about coaches on the hot seat.
It was like, you know, John Hines could be gone any day.
See you later.
I wrote him off.
Yeah, and people wrote off the team, and all of a sudden they're getting click.
And I actually thought last night when they won, or Sunday night, excuse excuse me i wouldn't want to have to deal with them in the first round
imagine right what what if what if tampa's got nashville first round and they're buzzing and
like i don't know if it's saros or i don't know if it's renee saros has made the difference right
in these last four or five uh but they're not like there was a team with such high expectations
that if all of a sudden they sneak in they're not going to be a team with such high expectations that if all of a sudden they
sneak in they're not going to be easy to get out i i completely agree with you and and all of a
sudden like i think i thought they went from being sellers to where they're probably keeping at comb
now they're not they're probably not looking to move anyone and you just all right did you mention
they just signed that defenseman who's going to be probably joining their team or did they say he's
going right to the taxi squad i hadn't heard further on that i they did sign him to an elc i don't know if he's going
to go to the minus first he's nasty is he really all right well listen nashville look out i mean
they're going to be fight i think i think dallas is going to make a push here although they haven't
been playing very consistent they're still dealing with some injuries and some guys out of the lineup
but yeah man very impressive at what they've been able to do over the last couple weeks and because there's so many games and so in
in so few days it's if you go on a hot run all of a sudden you're in the playoff picture so uh we
mentioned Carolina and and and you know we we got to talk about Florida now you said the injury RA
this is oh I was so gutted this guy was i talked about darnell nurse being probably a top
five guy for the norris right now i would say ekblad was definitely in discussion up until this
point no oh 100 yes he was playing the best talk of his career by by a mile he was he was looking
so quick you watch this guy jump jump into the rush, and he's enormous.
He's 6'4", maybe even bigger, and he's heavy.
And the way he skates and gets back in the play,
and he's very good with the puck in his own end.
He's a beast.
And he was kind of really starting to look like that number one overall pick.
He went number one, correct?
Yep.
Right?
I mean, number one overall pick.
And all of a sudden, you've kind of gotten to the level like i knew i could do this
and i swear to god when i played this is the worst thing like mentally definitely something that i
could probably talk to someone about to be honest but i used to be so petrified of having an injury
like that i would get i would get like anxiety and i'd have to like
really concentrate on not thinking about it but like i remember seeing football injuries and
hockey injuries and those ones were the legs and the ankles i i actually was like scared of it
and it was so brutal to have to like deal with that at times and then when you'd see it happen
like to play in a game like the guys are standing there, you're seeing your brother, your teammate, like, and his legs mangled.
I can't watch them.
Yeah, you said you didn't watch it.
Because I've always, like, it's such a weird thing
that I'm like so scared of that shit.
Because, no, not because, but the good thing being
that now a lot of times guys are like, they're coming back
and they're able to, you saw Alex Smith, the Q QB in Washington like what he went through and it does not mean
at all it's the end of a career but you just get so scared because will a guy ever be the same
after something like that you just don't know it's like heartbreaking in a sense 100 as far
as like watching the clip it's one of those ones where as soon as you saw him going down that left
knee you look away and you're like oh oh, and yeah. And, and then,
and then the stretcher comes out and I didn't keep watching. I couldn't,
somebody said that Yans was like balling his eyes out on the ice. Did you,
did you guys see that? I didn't see that. I didn't even see that.
Cause, cause, cause you know, like, you know,
he's having this unbelievable year.
He's finally got his game to where it needs to be and and and and you know
and and at the at the in a split second if this he's got to be out for the year no like this
this looks like yeah this looks like for an extensive time he's gonna do no no listen like
that's you you said it best like yan's getting emotional or his teammates it's it's because it's
still like it's like life It's like this split second.
Boom.
It's all different.
And forget the least important thing, but we're going to discuss it.
Nonetheless, it's like the Panthers are an awesome team, dude.
This year they were having was so fun.
And he was leading them on the back end, just doing it all.
And now it's just really  we're thinking of him and his health and like his family
right and then all that and all that thing but fuck that sucks for the for the panthers well
they got bark off right now as well hornquist got hurt i don't know when they're expected to come
back but yeah just like you know we we want to see organizations and teams that aren't normally
in the mix have success because like we want hockey to grow and and you
know this was a rising star for for a rising team and and they were going to get hopefully you know
at least a couple rounds in a playoffs and all of a sudden now you've you've lost your ace on the
back end so you know i'm assuming there's a that's a resilient group in that locker room they're going
to be able to figure things out and other guys are going to be able to carry the load. But this is this. I was, as I mentioned, I was just very, very gutted for him.
just google that was like tmz using it because it is it's one of those sort of joe theismann type looking injuries uh also uh alexander bakov he's hurt with a lower body injury he's more day-to-day
he shouldn't be missing too much more time i think he's missed two or three games i think they said
calve his calf uh and it's but it's not all bad news out of florida uh buddy keith yandel 900
straight games he's played just the third guy to ever do it i mean i know we've been singing his
praises often but we just want to acknowledge that because it's a hell of an accomplishment.
Sorry, R.A., not to interrupt, but Biz, your boy,
Phil the Thrill, Kessel out in Arizona.
I think he's at like 870 straight.
Yeah, he's been buzzing as far as teams played consecutively.
Oh, my God, I didn't understand.
He was right behind him.
So he just played in his 1100th the other night,
and in the following game, he ended up getting a hat trick.
He's having a great year.
I think he's got 14 tucks on the season.
So nice to see him bringing the desert a little bit luck.
And the boys, as I said, they're making a bit of a run.
We'll wait to get to them till the West, though.
Oh, I was just, I just was, I didn't know that,
thinking of the consecutive games played.
But yeah, good job, Gantz.
Keep trucking.
Yeah, man, the Central's becoming quite the race. Like we just said, Nashville,
Chicago tied for that fourth spot. Columbus
had a shitty week. They went, I think, 0-3-1
last week, but they're still just three points back.
And Dallas, as you mentioned them, 31
points, but they get four games in hand on most of
these teams. So, I mean, this could be
seven teams vying for four
spots, man. We're going to get some unreal races going down
to the wire. Yep. And one of those teams okay good wait again sorry no no no no no no i'll save it
i'll save it you're grooving i apologize was it something related to this division because
it's related to every division actually all right i want to fire away or save it for after
yeah i'll fire it away all right unfortunately as much as you may think they're exciting and
what busy what are you rolling your eyes at what yeah what Larry just interrupting a little bit you know
okay fine go ahead all right uh yeah the Detroit Red Wings obviously you know they don't have the
best for us to go on but they have had quite a pulse lately, man.
They've been playing with a little fire.
They actually swept Columbus over the week.
So keep with that Red Wings thing.
We're going to bring on Jimmy Howard shortly.
But first, you've heard us talk about Whoop.
It truly is our favorite fitness wearable.
It's the fitness tracker that provides 24-7 personalized sleep, training, and recovery insights to help you unlock your potential.
personalized sleep training and recovery insights to help you unlock your potential. Each day, it measures how well you slept,
how recovered you are and how much stress you put in your body from both your
workouts and going about your everyday life.
Whoop is won by some of your favorite athletes in the NHL and on the PGA tour,
but it's not meant for just professional athletes.
Whoop can help anyone improve their performance by providing personalized
actionable data to help you make smarter decisions.
The Chicklets boys have all been wearing Whoop for a while now,
and we've turned it into a little competition between our sleep and recovery.
Once you're on Whoop, you can create a team with your buddies as well.
Make sure you chirp whoever's sitting around and falling behind.
Whoop has helped me get smarter about the way I train and sleep
and is maybe much more aware about my body's sleep and recovery.
This thing is great. It tells you how much more you need or don't need.
And now Whoop is offering 15 off when you use the code chicklets at checkout so go to whoop.com that's w-h-o-o-p.com to join now sleep better recover faster and train
smarter this year and beyond with whoop all right now we're going to send it over to recent
detroit redman goaltender jimmy howard i wonder what you're going to send it over to recent Detroit Red Wing goaltender, Jimmy Howard.
I wonder what you're going to say now, Whit.
Do you want to hear?
I know.
I was going to jump in and say, just fucking say it.
I'm dying.
Say what?
I'm dying to know what you were going to say.
What you were going to say.
Nobody's getting at it now.
That is fucking done.
I knew that was going to happen.
Fucking done.
The king of interruptions.
The fucking Howard Stern of interrupting people.
He's telling me that I'm interrupting.
We should just keep this rolling right out of the interview.
What a fucking moment.
The moment in time I will never forget.
Hey, listen, I'm an interrupter.
I've just been noticing you've been reaching my level lately, so I just figured I will never forget. Hey, listen, I'm an interrupter. I've just been noticing you've been reaching
my level lately, so I just figured I'd chime in.
This would be
like O.J. Simpson.
Oh.
O.J. Simpson.
What can I
compare this to? Because I don't want to use a murderer.
I don't think you have one.
I don't think you have one. Just like I don't think you had a great
topic to interrupt with. You don't think you have one. I don't want to use a murderer. I don't think you have one. Just like I don't think you had a great topic to interrupt with.
You don't think that I have one?
This would be like OJ Simpson accusing some guy of killing his wife
and getting away with it.
Is you telling me that I'm interrupting too much?
Okay.
I think some of the fans are definitely going to agree with you,
and I think I'm going to use shit.
Listen, though, I do notice it's an issue.
But coming from you, if Grinnelli says it, you're right, Mikey.
If R.A. says it, you're right, R.A.
If you say it, fuck right off.
This is staying in.
What do you mean it's staying in?
Of course it's staying in.
So we haven't even thrown it over to Jimmy Howard yet?
Well, that's correct, Biz.
And without further ado, here's Jimmy Howard.
Well, it's time to bring on our next guest.
This goalie from the state of New York recently retired
after playing his entire 14-season career for the Detroit Red Wings.
He started over 500 games for the original six franchise
while making three All-Star teams and the all-rookie team in 2010
when he also finished second and called the trophy voting.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Jimmy Howard, how's it going, my friend?
Hey, guys. Thanks for having me.
Absolutely. Our pleasure.
How's our retire life treating you so far?
Christ, it's busier now with four kids than it was when i was playing yeah you're just regular
stay-at-home dad now just coaching the kids getting them ready for school picking them up
yeah absolutely i mean you texted me yesterday and i was running the gauntlet with my daughter
with uh gymnastics and then swim class so are you into coaching though and stuff like you must
enjoy that for your son yeah uh i I actually coach both my boys' teams.
I'm the head coach for my oldest son, James' team,
and one of the assistants for Henry's team.
So they both play in the Oakland Junior Grizzlies programs out here.
Did you take a lot you learned after playing for Babs
and kind of move it towards the youth team?
Yeah, exactly.
One person that I took it from, yep.
Well, Howie, you're a year younger than me,
so we played in some international stuff together.
We've known each other a long time, golf trip buddies,
and I'm glad you finally came on.
And I want to get into your entire career.
And really from the beginning, it's like I'm always curious
how goalies get into playing that position.
Some guys, I don't think they really want to do it.
They get thrown in.
They love it.
Were you somebody who really wanted to be a goalie from the time you were young?
Right from the start, right from first year school, we didn't have a goalie.
And I was a rinker out.
My dad was the high school coach for our hometown.
So I was always in the dressing room.
And I was always, always having the guys shoot tape balls or tennis balls at me.
And I was grabbing, you know, the, uh, the guy's stuff,
the goalie equipment and putting it on.
And it was just something about the painted masks and, you know,
having colored equipment that just set it apart. And, uh, uh, you know,
that's what really drew me to it.
That's one thing that Larkin, I was grilling him about some info on you.
He said you're pretty into the style and the fashion.
He said you're a bit of a brand whore, though.
So maybe that's where it all stemmed from with all the design and the mask and stuff.
Oh, 100.
You know, I got to have the Louis Vuitton sneakers, the Gucci's.
Hell yeah.
Or even rock them on the bench in front of my uh all the parents
yeah exactly hey guys i made a lot of money playing this sport i like to wear my stuff
fresh so so would you have a lot of say in in uh in how your mask was painted and who was the guy
you would always turn to especially when you turn pro in order to design it well ray bishop did all
my designs uh he's based out of michigan here. He's been painting a lot of the Detroit Red Wing guys masks for a while.
So I just, you know, I stuck with him.
But when it came to designing masks, like I'm not that creative.
So like I would give him a couple of ideas of what I was looking for.
And then I just let him run with it.
And he'd send me sketches and I'd be like, yep, that's cool.
Let's go with it.
How old were you when you got your first mask made?
Were you a pro yet?
No.
My first mask I got painted was when I was at the U.S. program.
Oh, really?
So 17 years old.
They probably didn't make it.
As soon as when you're not on the hook for paying for it, eh?
As soon as, yeah, my parents weren't on the hook.
Because it's not cheap to get one of those painted.
It's at least 1,000, isn't it?
Oh, it's more than that.
I think it's at least 2,500, 3,000.
Oh, my goodness.
Wow.
Yeah.
Were you one of the best, like right from the get-go,
kind of like the kid who was always the star goalie wherever you did play
in the tournaments you traveled to, or were you kind of a late bloomer?
Oh, definitely not a star right after that like that was uh um a lot of hard work you know a lot
of um you know my dad driving me around uh you know up to ottawa to to a goalie goalie guy once
a week so it was uh really you know a lot of hard work yeah he would drive me up to ottawa to see
this goalie coach by the name of barry madigan and um I'd be out in the uh back rink like it was only like a three-quarter size ice ice surface but
there'd be three goalies out there and some shooters and uh um you know he'd be running
the drills and so a lot of hard work you know in the back of the metal rink in south uh southeast
Ottawa so you I mean when when you think about growing up,
I think just shooting pucks or passing pucks,
for goalies it's so different because when you're home alone,
like what can you do, you know what I mean?
Like you can go to goalie clinic camps,
but you can't just go down in the basement and just fire a puck over and over.
Would you just do different type drills by yourself growing up
just to always try to be improving?
Well, I do that once a week with uh barry madigan
up in ottawa but then once a week uh with my dad like wednesday mornings we go on the ice at 6 a.m
6 to 7 before school and then i go to school since he was a you know a teacher we just drive over to
school after you know skating in the morning so um my dad really dedicated himself when I was younger
to do what he could to at least so I could have options when I got older.
At what point did you start noticing the improvement to where you're like,
wow, I could take this somewhere, like even getting a full-ride scholarship?
And I'm not sure what the goal was maybe at that time,
but when did you start noticing that difference? I was 14 years old this uh I was able to make a junior B
team uh uh in you know like in Canada so jumped over the border when I was uh you know 14 and
started playing uh juniors and that's when you know doors started to open for me jim when did the nd
ntdb first come on your radar or i guess when you first came on their radar
uh that's a great question um it didn't come on my radar until
the day i was signing with the peterborough peets oh i didn't know. You were ready to go to the O. I was going to the O. Wow.
Yeah.
What happened there?
Mike Eves called.
No shit.
Yeah.
The day I was signing with Peterborough.
So I forget who the coach and the GM of Peterborough at the time,
who it was, but they literally,
they got in the car and drove three and a half hours to, you know,
come talk to my father and i in augsburg and uh you know i did politely say you know guys i have the chance
to wear my nation's colors every single day like yeah you know it's a no-brainer and growing up by
st lawrence and clarkson universities like i always wanted to play division one hockey um you
know i i remember going to frozen four with my dad and my grandfather when I was in Albany one year.
And I was like, man, I would love to play in one of these one day.
So when Mike Eves called and Ken Martell called, you know, the day I was signing with Peterborough and, you know, inviting me to join the U.S. program, I was like, absolute no brainer.
Like, I'm going there, Dad.
Did you cover the Pete's gas money back home?
They're like, this fucking kid.
We'll get you a doggy bag to go.
So when guys go to the national team, for the most part,
you're kind of considering next stop being college.
And I know that you'd kind of turn down the O to go there,
but did you still think there was a chance you could end up going to the OHL
from the national team? Or was it like, all right, now I'm going,
I'm going college. I'm going to get a D1,
D1 full boat once this is all said and done.
No, as soon as I signed with the U.S. program, it was all about going,
getting a scholarship and going to play D1.
That's crazy. Yeah, I wasn't, wasn't thinking and going to play D1. That's crazy.
I wasn't thinking about going to the O anymore.
When you were living with the Billet family in Michigan,
did you lie to them about any fundamentals you might have had, like Whitney?
I didn't have a car.
Oh, really?
Who would pick you up every night?
Roll the dice.
I'd have to be on the phone.
You're asking guys at practice hey can you pick
me up and it sucked because I I sort of lived out in the middle of nowhere I lived off of Miller
Road I don't know if you remember where that is yeah out there in Ann Arbor yeah but so it was
kind of a hike so it was so embarrassing when my billet mom used to have to drop me off like
oh I thought you were going somewhere else with that.
I had a pioneer at the front door with all the 9th and 10th graders.
Yeah, here's a senior walking in with them.
They're all hanging out in the back parking lot.
I don't know if that story ended up coming up on our podcast,
but it was a kid who was clearly doing something in the basement,
and the mom ended up calling him up and saying, hey, can you stop doing whatever you're doing in that blanket in the basement?
It's a family heirloom.
So that was the end of that one.
So sorry to go off the rails on you there, Jimmy.
I know we've got to keep it somewhat clean because Whit did mention that you're in the midst or trying to get a job with a media outlet, maybe the NHL Network?
Yeah, possibly with the NHL Network.
They reached out.
One of the producers reached out to me and asked if I had any interest with it.
So I might as well give it a shot.
I really got nothing else going on other than driving my kids around to hockey.
So I figured I'd give it a go and see how it works out.
I can see you just watching the kids' game from Secaucus,
getting ready to do a 6-9 NHL shift, just yelling at your iPad
because your kid isn't crossing over hard enough.
Well, actually, I didn't even ask.
Is he a goalie?
No.
Okay.
He never wanted to play?
They both wanted to be goalies, but I took them down in the basement
and I just ripped the tennis balls as hard as I could at them.
And I was like, this is what it's like to be a goalie.
Is this what you want to do?
No, this is what I do.
I go, yeah, I get a lot more money in scoring goals.
Right to the collarbones.
Right to the collarbones.
I mean, I was ripping them on them too.
Unbelievable.
So what was the decision to end up going to Maine?
Yeah, where was BU in the mix, dude?
Come on.
You were one of the top recruits.
Fuck.
Well, Jack.
Jack ruined that.
Parker did?
Yeah, you guys did the part.
You brought us out.
You showed me a great time at BU.
You guys were awesome to me.
You know, I thought I was going to come to BU,
but then the next day when Jackie was driving me to the airport,
you only offered me three for four.
That's not going to cut it, Biz.
Whoa, what is that?
That means he said three years full ride.
We don't know about the fourth yet?
I think you have to pay.
Don't you pay for the first year when that's the case?
First year.
Yeah.
It's like I don't have 55 grand or whatever it was.
And I looked at him and I was like, my parents don't have that type of money.
Yeah.
I was like, one's a teacher that type of money yeah i was like
one's a teacher and one's a teacher's assistant like there's there's no way like i'm gonna need
a full ride and then the next weekend i had a uh uh visit at maine and you know those guys they
showed me a great time as well and when i was up there on campus um you know obviously alfond arena just sold itself uh you know such a unique place
intimate you know still fit 5500 people in there but uh uh you know it's just electric in there so
that the building sold itself and i just felt so at home when i was on campus there and you got to
maine i mean you you look at your career there one of the top goalies in the history of hockey
east maybe like college hockey.
I think you hold the record at Maine for shutouts, goals against average and save percentage, single season and career.
And that's a school that's had Garth Snow play there.
Who was on his team as well that I'm forgetting?
Mike Dunham.
Mike Dunham.
Just future NHL goalies, which isn't that common.
And then also, I think you held the NCAA record for goals against 1.19 in one season so
it must have been such a cool run to be a Black Bear and the guy that we've talked about a lot
with that team is Grant Stanbrook so I'm wondering what he meant to you involved in recruiting or
when you got there and helped coaching what was he what was he like as a guy to play for
he was just a wealth of knowledge like you couldn't help but learn something from him every single day.
You know, he knows so much about the game,
but not just at the goalie position, but, you know, also, you know,
for forwards and D, like, just a wealth of knowledge.
But he, you know, he was the one that just brought it all together for me. You know, I had, you know, some great goalie coaches, you know, he was the one that just brought it all together for me.
You know, I had, you know, some great goalie coaches, you know, along the way.
But, you know, being able to work with Grant, I mean, he's worked with, you know,
Mike Richter, Garth Snow, Mike Dunham, Alfie Michaud, like myself, Ben Bishop, Scotty Darling.
So he's worked with, you know, a ton of NHL goalies.
So, like, he knew his stuff, and he just sort of brought my game
all together for me when I was at, you know, University of Maine.
Is that the reason you had such an outstanding year?
I mean, it just jumps out at you when you're looking at it.
1.19, 9.56.
Was that the main reason you were so good that year,
or were there other factors?
Just something all came together that year. were there other factors that just something all came
together that year um it was one of those games every single game i felt like i was going to go
out there and pitch a shutout it was uh i just was so dialed in um even you know after you know
blowing my mcl out uh you know a week before the world Junior Tournament that year. I came back and even being off for five or six weeks,
I was like stepping right back out on the ice.
I was like, I can, you know, just throw up a donut here.
So it was one of those years where I just felt like I was just, you know, dialed in.
Was it your sophomore year did you guys lose national title game?
It was in Boston-Biz.
I think Denver beat you guys.
Your team was loaded.
Yeah, we were so good.
We had Penner up front.
That was the only year he played for us.
He signed right after that year.
And Preston Ryan on D, that lunatic.
Yeah, he was nuts.
Yeah, I mean, that was a crazy game.
I remember we had one called back, like, early.
Like, we went up 1-0, and they reviewed it with a toe in the crease,
and the guy had nothing to do with the play. And, of course, next year they changed the rule.
So they ended up getting one late, you know, in the first period.
And then, you know, it was such a crazy finish.
Like we had a six on three and we had three posts, two posts and a crossbar.
Oh, my God.
Six on three to, you know, finish the game and, you know, two posts.
Shooting gallery.
I remember that.
Oh, it was just the guys were just letting bombs go just from all over the ice.
You just lost that game 1-0.
Do you still have nightmares about that goal?
No.
Over by now.
He doesn't even remember it.
He's like, I had my guy.
That was way too long ago.
I gave up one, guys.
Fuck.
I mentioned you get drafted second round of the 0-3 draft by Detroit.
Did you talk to them prior to the draft?
What were your expectations going into it? I had no idea I was going to get picked by Detroit
like literally I met with them the day before my meeting with Kenny Jim Mill and all the scouts was
15 minutes 15 20 minutes that's that's it like I I figured I was going to LA. Like I had, they came out to university several times, you know, to speak with me.
Also when I was at the combine had, I think it was about a 45 minute,
you know, to an hour meeting with them. So I thought I was going to LA,
you know, with one of their,
they had so many picks in the first and second round that year that I figured
I was, they're going to use one of their picks on me.
And then when Detroit rolled around and my name got called by them and Nashville, it was kind of a shock because I literally only spoke to them for 15 minutes.
And, you know, it was just it was crazy, you know, to hear them say my name.
But, you know, so cool at the same time to be picked
by an original six team with so much history you know the what they what they stand for and the
excellence of you know going for the cup every single year so it was uh it was pretty wild well
not only that i mean you go to training camp i'd imagine you probably went to the rookie tournament
traverse city and then right after that is when all the vets come in.
That must have been a fucking crazy experience, that first training camp.
I remember sitting on the bus coming over from the resort,
and Steve's on the bus, Brendan Shanahan, Chally, Drapes, Maltz,
Pavel, Z, Nick, and I was like, someone doesn't belong here.
That's me.
Like, I don't think I spoke in the dressing room when, you know,
for the first couple of months, unless I was spoken to.
Like, it was, you know, those guys, it was fun to watch and learn,
you know, learn from them just how they went about their business
every single day in such a professional manner um you know it was uh it was hard not to learn who was
the one vet who would make you feel at ease who's the one guy who'd always come over not
clearly no chance bear was doing no definitely not fair i mean why is he a rookie hater oh
barrel just make your life miserable at the beginning if he wants to. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's one of those guys, like, people think he's just a complete dick,
but he's really not.
No, he's the best.
But he'll torture you if he's in the mood.
Yeah, yeah.
And he's just doing it to, you know, get a rise out of you,
to see, you know, what buttons he can push.
So if he sees that he's doing that to you, he just keeps riding you.
He keeps grinding you down.
He's doing it to you because he's probably getting it from all those other names that you mentioned.
Oh, Bear's giving it to everyone.
Oh, Steve used to ride him that one year.
That was funny to watch.
And that's the one guy
that bear won't trip back yeah nobody could say anything to him no no so uh actually Ozzy and
Matthew Schneider were you know sort of took me under my wing um you know Ozzy you know was was
my mentor yeah you know when I came when I came into the league, he was there. And Schneid was also real good to me.
When you turned pro, I mean, you had to spend quite a bit of time in the minors.
And I think that's kind of the case.
You look at Detroit and New Jersey, their history,
they really make guys develop and spend time.
And I'm sure it wasn't as difficult for you as maybe a guy who played D or 4
because you knew Osgood was there and you were just improving.
You couldn't be up playing backup.
You know, you got to be starting and getting your reps in at the,
at the HL level.
Well, I also think it's different because, you know,
at the goalie position, there's not too many, you know,
Carey Price and Carter Hart's out there, you know,
that are going to step right in and, you know, at 18, 19 years old,
and, you know, make an impact like, you know, they did.
So, you know, for me, it was important, you know, especially coming off.
If you make it to the national championship game, you're playing in 40 games to, you know,
to win the schedule, playing 80 games.
So I remember, you know, like the first few seasons, February rolled around and I was
like, I'm done.
Like, I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go on summer break.
Like, let's get out of here.
So it took me a couple of years to get used to the schedule.
And, you know, once I got used to the schedule, you know,
it was just about getting, you know, getting all the parts
and pieces together to make the next jump to the NHL.
Well, I was going to ask about that.
As a goaltender, like, mentally, how do you have to approach that where if you're a starter, you know you're going to ask about that uh as a goaltender like mentally how do you have to
approach that where if you're a starter you know you're going to be getting the nets most nights
and and it's such a long season like how do you how do you stay in it how did you end up figuring
out a way to prepare for that situation oh just took training to a whole new level uh did a lot
more cardio throughout the uh throughout the summer the summer, but also, um, you know, when in season
still getting on the bike and, uh, and, you know, trying to keep that cardio up as, as far as,
you know, far as possible, basically. Um, you know, I felt like the more, you know, I rode the
bike, uh, just the more it helped, um, you know, come February, March, and April.
Jimmy, your first year pro Grand Rapids of the AHL,
I noticed you had 17 penalty minutes.
So you must have had a scrap as a rookie pro, no?
I did.
Yeah, unfortunately.
Didn't even want to play.
No.
Michael Layton.
Yeah.
What, he just called you out or something?
He skated the whole length of the ice.
You're like, no, turn around now.
I was like, no, like a scrum just happened to break out on the boards.
And all of a sudden he just took off everything and just started skating the full length of the ice.
I was like, oh, come on.
And we're in Rochester, New York.
So all my family is finally, you know, being able to watch me play.
And my cousin, he was a goalie in central New York.
And it was his first game to watch me, you know, play pro.
And he's there.
And three minutes into the game, I'm sitting with my family up in the stands.
It was that early in the game he came down to it?
It was that early in the game.
It was so early in the first period. But my goalie coach, Jim Bedard, was, you know, in the game he came down to it? It was that early in the game. It was so early in the first period.
My goalie coach, Jim Bedard, was in the crowd there,
came in to watch, and my family was there, my cousin's first.
And, yeah, three minutes into the game, I'm sitting with him.
I don't remember AHL rules back then.
You'd get tossed out of a game for fighting as a goalie back then?
I think still you
do don't you i yeah i i really don't know the rules i i don't know the rules but uh i think
it was because it was another fight that that started so yeah maybe second fight how'd you do
yeah so i called it a draw hey howie i'm curious because you played on the world junior team in Halifax um my last year and
then actually lit up yeah but then the next year they didn't bring you back or were you hurt or
was that the decision of the team I got hurt oh that sucks they ended up winning it too
yeah a week before the tournament uh I stepped on a puck in warm-ups and my knee went out
oh that's brutal
I didn't know what the case was there
so that's when you had that 5-6 weeks off
and then you came back and went on that crazy run
yeah
so you were probably just so furious
that you'd missed World Juniors in the year
that they ended up winning it
that you probably just dialed it in
I was so happy
for the guys, you know,
watching it to win it over there,
but also so sad at the same time that I missed out on it.
Yeah.
Like, it was just, it was gut-wrenching
because I was so psyched to go.
I felt like I had so much to prove, you know,
especially after, you know, what happened in Halifax.
I mean, that first game against Russia.
Well, Ovechkin, Ovechkin scored a hat-trick in about 10 minutes.
He was like 16 at the time, Biz.
And we were like, who is this guy?
Yeah, and by 16, you mean 27.
I mean, his hat-trick, his third goal was a one-timer out of the year.
And that's when Lou Verrill pulled us.
Yep, that's when Lou Verrill lost it.
How about his speeches?
Oh, my God.
This guy was classic.
What do you mean?
He used to call me Eli, too.
He still writes emails once in a while.
Eli, we got to get him on.
He's a USA hockey legend.
But I don't really remember the speeches as much as I just remember the tone of his voice.
How about, no, he used to just talk about the 1980 Olympic team before every game.
Yeah.
Just a bunch of college kids and start
talking about the russians how they had makarov makarov it's like we're not even playing the
russians tonight why do you keep talking about these guys we're playing finland yeah we're
playing finland talking about the 1980s what was your idol growing up as a goalie? Mike Richter. No doubt. American born. No doubt.
Yeah.
Well, I was a huge Rangers fan.
My room growing up was just loaded with Rangers stuff.
What made you pick them instead of, like, you grew up closer to Buffalo, right?
Buffalo from Ogdensburg is about five and a half hours.
Oh, you're in the middle of nowhere, New York.
Dude, open up my front door, look to right and there's canada okay yeah right across
the river you grew up right yeah yeah so it was uh yeah so i'm up there and it's about six hours
to six six and a half to the city so would you ask the rangers the rangers had their own channel
with msg so you got that with Cable. A lot easier.
I remember when they ended up winning,
wasn't Mike Richter running the concourse before the afternoon of the game when they went to Game 7?
I mean, on the inside of MSG, I've seen that footage.
But, yeah, that mid-'90s, I mean, he was in a zone between the Stanley Cup
and then the World Cup of Hockey in 96,
which is some of the greatest hockey I've ever played.
He was absolutely phenomenal.
Another guy I wanted to bring up from Grand Rapids, Darryl Bootland.
What a doozy he was.
How many seasons did you play with him?
Two.
I believe it was two, maybe three.
I can't quite remember, but he actually lived down the hall.
We lived in the same apartment complex.
He lived down the hall from me. He was same apartment complex. I mean, yeah, he lived down the hall from me.
So he was a beauty.
I mean, that guy was nuts.
Yeah, we had him on the show.
He wasn't afraid of anyone either.
Just a pure entertainer is what he was.
Oh, pure entertainer.
Like before the games, he'd just be going nuts.
He would just crank this song by System of a Down
and just be bouncing off the walls.
Wake up.
Yeah, that one.
Really?
Yeah.
He'd just be bouncing off the walls.
Nice call, Buzz.
Yeah.
Gotta respect that.
Yeah, it might be the first time I ever got anything right on this podcast.
Let's all soak this in for a minute.
Let's take a moment of silence.
Howie, I know you mentioned Osgood a few minutes ago as your mentor,
but how is it as a goaltender?
Because forward or defense,
it's different. This is a guy who's potentially
trying to take your job at the end of the day.
How does that work with Osgood, and maybe
how did it work late in your career with you
and other guys?
I think
with Ozzie, he was ready to give up the night.
He didn't want to play every single night anymore.
You know, he was up there in age.
You know, he had three cups, you know, almost a fourth.
So, you know, finally when I got my opportunity,
it was when he got sick in November 2010, I believe.
Or no, 2009. Somewhere in there.
I got some consecutive
starts and got a couple of wins
under my belt and everything just sort of snowballed
from there that year. I went on to
play 28 consecutive games
from there. You signed that big deal
I think six years over 30 million.
Was there any discussion
of maybe you wanted to wait, try to be UFA
or were you just so happy in Detroit you were looking to get locked in as soon as possible
i was so happy being in detroit uh you know the guys in the room that we had at the time you know
we're such great guys so uh i just wanted to get that deal done and signed and and you know remain
a uh red wing were you black acing when they won, when they beat the Pittsburgh team I was on?
So you got to experience being around that win and the party after.
So you were actually in the room with R.A. when he busted into your cup party.
Yeah, I was just writing that down.
Yeah, I was wondering if you were there.
We were definitely in the same room at a certain point.
I was definitely there.
Yeah, it was nice.
Even though I was a black ace, I still did everything with the team because I was the there. Yeah, it was nice. Like, even though I was a black ace, you know,
I still did everything with the team because I was the third goalie.
So, like, when the guys would go over for the game and everything like that,
like, I'd have to be on the bus too just in case, you know,
something were to happen in the warm-ups or anything like that,
that, you know, I could get dressed.
So, you know, I was always on call and down there, you know,
around the guys practicing with them.
So, either Dom or Ozzie could get a rest.
So, you know, I felt pretty, you know, pretty much a part of it.
And that next year, same thing, kind of black acing for that group.
Same thing.
Yeah, same exact thing.
What's nuts is like Hosa's on Pittsburgh.
He loses.
He goes over to Detroit and then Pittsburgh wins.
But I've talked to guys, Bear and Cronwall,
who say
that that team might have been better like the team that Hosa was on that that lost to Pittsburgh
like did you see that being around the team not all year but for call-ups and throughout that run
yeah I mean I you know both teams were you know so they're wagons so loaded yeah so I mean it
be tough for me to probably differentiate since I I't around both teams, you know, a lot during those two years
because unless we were going on a West Coast swing
and Dom decided to, you know, take the week off.
So that was, you know, normally when I'd get my call-ups
is whenever the Wings were going out West, I knew my phone would be ringing.
Did Hashek work with you at all?
I know you weren't with him too long, but, you know, legendary Hall of Fame, his own quirky style.
What kind of things did you pick up from him, if anything?
Just work ethic.
I mean, nobody can play like Dom.
I mean, he was just, that was his style.
You know, it's so unique.
And, you know, for me to be able to, you know, flop around like that, my career wouldn't have lasted very long.
But his work ethic, like, I remember being, you know, a black ace,
being out there, you know, on the ice after.
And Dom would still be out there, you know,
with guys that were going to be healthy scratch that night.
And he would have them skating in from center ice.
The puck would be sitting still in between the hash marks full clappers
like from the hash marks and he's trying to stop him so he was he was he was having him
what's that he was just twisted the guy was nuts yeah like and i'd look down at the other end and
i'd look at my goalie coach jim bedard and be like what is he doing like he literally literally had guys skating in
full speed from center ice winding up and taking full poppers from the ladies piece
it's like do I have do I have to go down there and do that with them yeah that's where you learn
how to do it to your kids exactly did you ever try using that bucket of his oh my it was so ugly but looked so awesome on him
no no i never never put it on i feel like if he saw you put that helmet on he might kill you
like he was the best like he never thought about hockey until he was going out
really yeah like never thought about was he talking about quirky shit in the locker room
kind of like brizgalov did, where he's talking about the planets?
What was he talking about during the NHL 24 segment?
Briz will talk about anything.
Why do you have to be so mad?
Why do you have to be so mad?
No, he was pretty quiet.
But he loved baseball.
I remember when I was called up, whether we were in San Jose,
we'd have to go to San Fran with him, and you could never say no
because if you said no to Don, then he just hated you.
He didn't want that.
hated you and you didn't want that no so uh i remember we're in uh we're in dallas and for i think it was the second round or maybe it was a conference finals against dallas and
it's already like 100 degrees and dom's like howie we're going to baseball game later
you know oh i was and i was hung over you black aces had you know a night the night before
and i just got done off the ice and now i'm even more dehydrated he's like we're going be ready
we're gonna go grab some lunch back at the hotel and then we're going to the arlington ballpark
and he goes we got great tickets we're behind home plate i get there of course the sun is just directly right on it's a hundred degrees
out you just and he's loving it he loved going to the ballpark he'd get those little mini bats
dominator oh yeah he loved it he'd get a jersey throw the jersey the helmet with the ice cream
he'd just and he'd be oh yeah helmet with the ice cream? Oh, yeah. Helmet with the ice cream. He'd have his mitt, Biz.
He'd bring his goalie glove.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Yeah, those were fun times with Dom, though.
So throughout your career, I mean, I know you battled injuries here and there.
Is there anything that really was something that kind of led to, you know,
your career not being cut, but leading to retirement?
Yeah, COVID.
Fuck, dude.
I've heard of it.
What's that?
You never had any lingering knee or groin issues?
I remember you missing a little time here and there.
Yeah, no, I always fully healed.
Good.
Knock on wood, I have no issues right now.
Yeah, that's
But, yeah, COVID.
The longer it dragged out, the more and more I got sick and tired of getting hit by pucks.
I'm not sure when this interview is going to go out,
but I'm interested to hear your thoughts on this whole Carey Price situation.
I mean, a guy who has had a very long career.
They just ended up switching his goalie coaches.
But, like, just from your observation, observation, how do you dissect that whole situation?
Well, extremely tough place to play.
But, you know, Kreips, he's human.
So, you know, guys are going to have down years from time to time.
Let's hope NHL Network doesn't hear this clip, Howie.
You just have no clue what's going on with Carey Price.
He got traded.
He got traded to the Oats.
Yeah, he's on the Rangers now.
They gave him Richter's number, too.
You could have told me that.
I'm a little bit out of the game here.
Oh, man.
Well, dude, it's great to chat with you, buddy.
I mean, I feel like these golf trips need to happen more.
We haven't had one in a while.
Howie always comes.
Where are we, England or Ireland?
The last one?
Yeah, where was the last one?
Scotland, Spain.
Oh, Jesus, Whit.
Holy fuck.
Yeah, so we had a time on that one.
Remember when we were flying from Scotland to Spain,
and we had all our tickets planned, and all of a sudden,
Zetterberg, Eric Carlson, and Nicholas Baxter were like,
guys, we got you a plane.
Yeah, we're going private.
Yeah, we're going private with the big dogs.
Thanks, boys.
Thanks, boys.
Did those guys, Zetterberg, that's what they did?
Did they piss you off a lot in practice, or did they go easy on you?
Were they always going full out like Hasik?
No.
No.
Pav, yes.
Pav, you know, everything that he did, you know, in games,
we saw it in practice.
But, you know, he was a pain in the ass to practice against
just because he'd never let me have any downtime out there.
Like, even if we were working on, you know, power play penalty kill,
and, you know, the penalty kill and you know the penalty
kill ices the puck down to the other end well Pav goes and picks up a puck and now he's going to
work on breakaway I'm like Jesus dude like I just need to you know catch a breather here we just
did you know five on four here for a minute in zone where you guys were just throwing it around
so I was like I need a breather no not with pav you just keep coming you know break away
after break away what kind of can make me look stupid what kind of quirky goalie routines did
you have when you played we know you all have them well for the first probably five years of
my career like i i had to do my routine exactly the same way. Like from everywhere, starting like at pregame, snap.
Oh, that's exhausting, dude.
Yeah, trust me.
And that's why I changed it all up.
Really?
Yeah.
You noticed that it was wearing on you.
Yeah, it was like after my fifth year, just was like, all right, I got to do something about this.
This is starting to control everything in my life. So I was like, so I just I got to do something about this. This is starting to control everything in my life.
So I was like, so I just flushed it all down the toilet.
Really?
Literally just gassed it all.
How long did it, were you able to adjust right away to that?
Or was there like an adjustment period?
That seems like a big thing because goalie is such a mental position.
No, it actually made me relax more.
Yeah, like it was uh it was just
getting like i have ocd so it was just getting you know becoming so you know consuming uh you
know everything had to fall into place exactly the right way so i was like this is nuts like this is
you know not the way you should live your life or you know the way you should live your life or the way you should
enjoy your NHL playing career.
It's just
becoming too time consuming and
starting to control things and it has nothing to do
with the outcome of the game.
I just sort of flushed it all.
Did you have to consult somebody about it or did you just figure that out on your own?
No, I actually
reached back out to a sports
psychiatrist that we worked with when we
were at the u.s program okay i can't remember the guy's name but yeah i remember that i don't
remember his name either that's funny and you hadn't spoken to him in a really long time or
you had kept in touch in santa arbor no i hadn't spoken to him no shit time yeah i reached out to
mono and was like hey do we you guys still have that sports psychiatrist and he's like yeah so uh he put me in touch with him and uh yeah he just got me basically he got me to flush all that
and then during games you know taking a lot more deep breaths you know getting you know the oxygen
into your into your you know body and into your brain you know allow you to relax a little bit
more out there well dude it did wonders because because what a run you had, man.
14 years.
Glad to call you a friend and appreciate you coming on.
So congratulations on a great career.
I know it's a little emotional when it ends.
Hopefully you're in a good spot.
And the last one I had for you, would you ever consider coaching?
I know you talked about potentially going to the NHL network,
but it sounds like you've lived through a lot of experiences
and could probably hand those down to somebody.
Coaching, like at the professional level?
Yeah, maybe not now, but down the road, have you given any consideration?
Oh, hell no.
Okay.
Those guys live in front of computers.
They're too rich, Howie.
There's no coach with that many designer shoes, so you've already won.
Well, whatever you do next, Jimmy, good. So you, you, you've already won. Well,
whatever you do next,
Jimmy,
good luck to you.
And thanks again for joining us.
We appreciate it.
Thanks guys.
Thanks for finally having me on.
See you,
buddy.
Thank you.
See ya.
Huge thanks to Jimmy Howard for joining us when we were down Jupa.
That was a great interview.
Had a lot of laughs and I could listen to Dominic Hasik stories all day.
Absolute character.
All right, bye guys. If you're looking to get your haircut, we got Hasik stories all day. Absolute character. All right,
bye guys.
If you're looking to get your haircut,
we got a good place for you.
Sport Clips stylists are experts in men and boys haircuts with specialized
training and techniques.
Cutting guys hair can be harder than women's hair.
When you go to Sport Clips versus a place that cuts women's hair,
you're getting stylists who are specifically trained to cut guys hair.
Sport Clips are experts in understanding facial shape and hair texture
and cutting to a guy's best advantage.
Sport Clips' signature service is the MVP haircut experience.
It's so much more than a haircut.
The legendary hot steam towel on your face,
massaging shampoo that makes you melt into your seat.
It's the ultimate in relaxation.
With 1,800 locations nationwide, a Sport Clips is
closer than you think. Your experience is even better with on-deck text alerts, which means
less wait time, more prime time. You'll get a 15-minute heads up when it's time to head in
and another text when you are next in line. Sport Clips gives you more ways to save time so you can
enjoy your prime time. Text message opt-in is required.
Message and data fees may apply.
So visit a Sport Clips near you for a haircut that exceeds the typical experience from start to finish.
I might have to head in soon.
I got the coiffure on right now.
People are asking what you're doing.
What's the game plan?
I'm going, baby.
Do the kid in play. Are you going everywhere? game plan? Oh, I'm going, baby. Do the kid in play.
Are you going everywhere?
Afro?
Everywhere.
Let it go, baby.
I'm letting it go, buddy.
I love it.
There's no end in sight right now, folks.
Hey, thinking of Dominic Hasek at a Texas Rangers-Seattle Mariners game
in 109-degree temperature.
Probably wearing a turtleneck too eating a
stupid ice cream out of the helmet we were talking about that after the interview too
the ice cream melts before the person hands it to you from behind the counter where you pay
oh that was just unless you're a veteran you get the dipping dots and that's like
he could have been he could have told them they were they were going like fishing for nine hours like howard was like going wherever the dominator took him yeah
dominator dominates just fucking runs guys shows and that yeah he is i i've heard from plenty of
people he is just an absolute character hey and the fact that he collects the mini baseball bats.
Dude.
We got to get the Dominator on here.
What's our ending?
We're not getting him on here.
And that old municipal stadium too where the Rangers used to play.
Hottest balls too. That was like the hottest stadium in baseball
for the longest time.
Because it's the hottest place outside already.
But there was no shade.
There was nowhere to go.
At least the new stadium, as ugly as it is,
they at least kind of made it a little more conducive to being comfortable.
Yeah, exactly.
All right, we're going to take a look at the West.
We got a hell of a matchup this week.
Colorado and Vegas, two teams I think everybody wants to see play
in the playoffs.
They had two game series.
Colorado spanked in the first one.
Vegas won the second
one in OT Max Patch already scored his fourth overtime game winner of the year but the Thursday
game defenseman Colorado defenseman Bowen Byron he took a high hit to the head from Keegan
Colasar I don't know if you guys saw that there was nothing supplemental I'm not even sure if he
was penalized on the play but Byron did miss the next game he's day to day but could turn into week to week
per coach Jared Bedna did you guys catch that hit yeah I mean I thought he left his feet it looked
like he left his feet I was surprised it was nothing afterward like I mean just given with
the way everything's going it sucks that that bowl Byron kids out he's fucking awesome so last
week we recorded Monday afternoon we had a back-to-back against Colorado.
Boys, they are fucking built to win.
I mean, the Coyotes ended up coming back in that game and winning in a shootout, but holy shit, man,
especially with that top line firing the way that they're firing.
Nate Dogg looks  his 200-foot game looks unreal right now.
That Rantanen, we were talking about underrated players.
I mentioned Barkov.
He had that one year where he really popped off, real right now that ranton we were talking about underrated players i mentioned barkov he he had
that one year where he really popped off and you really haven't heard his name enough since but he
is he is a fucking treat to watch but as far as that hits concern i yeah i definitely thought it
was high and it sucks because uh that's a big piece for them on the back end he plays uh i don't
know what everybody's assumption of this kid coming in
because i hadn't seen him since um the world juniors but he's got a chip on his shoulder too
he's great both ends of the rink he could play with the puck and uh he although undersized he
definitely plays above his uh above his weight class that's for sure and the defense biz, everyone knows Kale McCarr, but Samuel Gerrard and Devin Taves are both, all three of them,
but both of those guys are on pace for like what would be a 50-point season
had it been a normal regular season.
So you're seeing like obviously the Islanders got rid of them,
and the Islanders are playing fantastic.
It doesn't look like they necessarily miss him,
but Colorado has gained so much in having this puck move where he can skate.
Now it's just like when you get a forward group like Colorado,
it's like we need guys who can get it out of the zone.
We need guys who can make tape-to-tape passes, fire it up the ice,
get these lines going, and then you've seen what the forwards do.
So like five on five, they truck everyone in the league.
And if you look at if you
look at um tampa when they get kucherov back and how much of like a wagon that team is there's not
many many other teams that stack up to them right that's why tampa's been my pick like have someone
beat him before you pick anyone else colorado when they're going like this can they can go head to
head in terms of skill and depth so i think that this team is is
right on track to where everyone thought they would be this year and it's just one of the best
in the league i i would say they probably got the most well-rounded back ends in the league
and you know you know bull byram's just going to keep getting better that graves kid's not
i mean he's not he's not a plug either they don't have any weak spots on the back end and and as far
as grubauer is concerned,
I think that he's a very, very good goaltender from watching him.
You know, he got injured last year, and that hurt them big time.
That Johansson got thrown in net who came over from Buffalo
in that second game.
He couldn't stop a fucking beach ball against the Coyotes.
I'm not going to judge him on his first performance with Colorado
and the
fact that he was playing for an ahl team the whole year let's see it was an interesting pickup to say
the least by colorado i wonder if they try to continue to address the goaltending position
that's my question mark for the colorado avalanche moving forward right is that fair
because they picked up this johansson kid, and from what I saw in that one game,
let's see what he does the rest of the year,
but I don't think they can rely on just maybe having Grubauer
because if he goes down again,
they can't be wasting years of these guys' prime
putting some schlub in net.
Absolutely, and they've been riding Grubauer pretty hard.
He's been starting a ton of games, and you mentioned trades.
The deadline is two weeks from today, where we go Monday the 29th.
So I would expect things to heat up on that front.
On the Saturday game, Colasad did answer the bell.
He fought Dan Renuff in the Saturday game.
Renuff actually replaced Byram in the lineup.
And then Reeves bundled Renuff in the game.
It looked like he caught him in the head.
I couldn't find another angle for it.
Did you see?
I sent that hit to the text.
I don't know if you guys saw it.
Yeah, he was kind of bent over, so it's tough.
I thought that the one the game before on Byron was worse, for sure.
But, you know, yeah, there's been way worse hits this year
than the one that Reeves laid on.
How do you say his last name?
I believe it's Runoff.
Runoff.
Yeah, because someone rhymed it with.
It's Costco brand for enough.
Well, Biz, your Coyotes,
you've been talking about them.
They had a good week,
three and one over the week.
They're just a point out of fourth place right now
in the thick of it.
We mentioned Kessel.
He scored in his 1100th game,
had a hat trick the next game.
He also played in his 879th straight game with,
that was the number.
He also 385 goals, placed them 11th among us born
uh nhl guys i mean kessel it's a guy that people goofed on and his fitness and he never wanted to
practice and all this shit i mean i think the results stay speak for themselves at this fucking
stage yeah and he mentioned uh in a post-game press conference that his body feels a lot better
than last year last year he was battling some some injuries, but he deflects everything that's about him.
Anything you ask him about, how do you personally feel about your hat trick?
He'll deflect it to always the team mentality.
You don't get much from him in the post-game press conferences,
but he was given the pelt after his 1100th game in the game that he had a goal.
Just overall, Coyote's breakdown, this Aiden Hill,
with both of our starting goalies in Ronta and Kemper out,
he's played awesome.
We've had unreal goalies in our pipeline for a long time,
so that's one thing that's been saving them.
I've continued to talk about Chikrin's game.
Oliver Ekman-Larsen has started to pick up his play as well.
You know who had their 900th game the other night,
Whit, was Alex Milagoski.
The goose.
Talk about a guy who went from coming in as a power play defenseman
to where, you know, as the career has progressed,
mind you, he had nine straight seasons with 20-plus assists in a row,
which not many defensemen had done.
I think there's like a small list of like
Keith Duncan Keith uh Carlson and maybe one or two other guys who were able to do that over a
nine-year period and and he went from being a power play guy to where he you know I think he's
like a second unit power play guy now but he's mostly penalty kill he blocks a ton of shots
just extremely reliable um defensively so I couldn't be happier
for a guy like that and he broke in just after you and you got to play with him a little bit as well
right yeah I remember uh I I wasn't you know playing great and then the tank letang's coming
up excuse me I can't speak Chris Letang and I'm like oh boy like this is a young guy he's also a
righty he's younger than me.
He's faster than me.
This kind of could make me expendable.
But, you know, maybe they want two younger defensemen, right?
Maybe I could stay here and I could also
they're not going to get rid of me just because how good he looks.
Well, no, no, no.
That's what I was telling myself.
Then I saw Goligoski coming the next year.
I'm like, okay, I'm definitely out of here because he was right from
the goal the whole organization told me to stop interrupting basically so so Goligoski at
Minnesota at Minnesota he was sick the way he skated just always has his head up great offensive
defenseman and then he came into pro and was looking good.
And we lived together for a hot second, maybe a minute in Pittsburgh
before I think I got traded that season.
And like I said, we used to play NHL constantly, every night, battle,
10, 11 games.
I used to pump goose, pump this kid in NHL.
And then he's Seward.
You're the management.
Then you got dealt.
Whitney's giving me amiens.
You're a fucking idiot,
but I was really happy for him.
And,
you know,
he's been a rock for the coyotes.
And the only other guy I want to mention other than Phil up front is,
is Clayton Keller.
He's really been consistent and he's been helping the group out.
And,
and,
you know,
they've been,
they've been getting it,
they've been getting it done collectively. so it's been fun to watch and
glad that they're in the fight and it's also as we mentioned at the beginning of the podcast made
it a lot easier on the broadcast to pump these guys tires yeah phil just tunes it out and keeps
on going another aspect of why they're in the hunt too though is fucking st louis has been dog shit
yeah what's going on there yeah that just got
healthy healthy scratched as well yeah you got to think ah i shouldn't say for sure but he could be
traded if they're scratching him in st louis and he's he's going to be ufa it was just a one-year
deal yeah st louis is weird because they just can't score and they got tarasenko back i think
it's been 11 games he got his second goal.
It hasn't really changed much.
And Binner, like our boy Binner, you know, he hasn't been great lately, right?
And I think that that team, like, it's weird because the year,
forget the year that they won the Cup, how bad they were at the beginning.
And you're like, all right, well, they got over it, that amazing story.
What actually happened is going to continue to happen, right?
They're going to be a top team.
And then now you've seen times where it's like,
it's kind of tough thinking no Petrangelo, right?
Their captain and this stud defenseman.
And like, I know we've said a bunch of times, so you feel bad,
but I think they thought Pareko could make a next step
and he hasn't been able to.
And then guys not being able to score.
So I still wouldn't want to play him,
and I still think they're going to get into the playoffs.
But it is weird at this point to see them really struggling like they are.
They're like the Bruins.
It's kind of similar.
I know you're switching conferences there, divisions,
but teams who can't score, it's worrisome.
Because if you go dry in a quick seven-game series, you're switching conferences there, divisions, but teams who can't score, it's worrisome because like, if you go dry in a quick seven game series,
right? Like you're done. You can't really have the,
you can't really have that as a team.
All of a sudden you cannot score over an extended period of time.
It'll screw you over every, every single year.
Yeah. David Perron has been crushing it too,
but it's one of the few lone bright spots that they've had.
They had a shitty week old three and one,
four straight losses in which they've scored just four had a shitty week, 0-3-1, four straight losses
in which they've scored just four goals,
just two wins in their last 10.
Like we mentioned, the Hoffman scratch.
But I don't know.
It is a team that, like you said, just won the Cup.
They got some great leadership in there.
I would expect them to turn around, but, you know,
the goaltender will need to get better.
Unfortunately, there was also some pretty terribly sad news
out of St. Louis this week.
Team legend Bobby Plager died at 78 after a likely cardiac event when he was
driving. That's per the St. Louis medical examiner.
Originally they thought he might've had a car accident,
but when they did the autopsy, they, they said he had a cardiac incident.
He's been a beloved member of the blues family since the team's first year,
back in 1967, he's worked for the team. He was a GM,
assistant GM at one point,
he actually coached them for a small period of time because he played with his brothers, Barkley and Billy way back for the team. He was a GM, well, assistant GM at one point. He actually coached them for a small period of time.
Of course, he played with his brothers,
Barkley and Billy, way back in the day.
And there were tons of St. Louis alumni
still in the NHL who tweeted about it
because this guy was a fixture.
I mean, St. Louis, I think every team
has a guy or two like Bobby.
It's just a terribly sad story.
Biz, did you ever meet Bobby?
Yeah, I think I've met him a few times already.
And, you know, just going online and reading all the alumni,
especially the video that Kelly Chase ended up narrating,
you could just tell the impact he had on the entire community,
the entire organization.
And, yeah, this is a very, very difficult loss for the hockey community,
not just the St. Louis Blues organization.
So, you know, to his louis blues organization so um you know
to his entire family this is you know everybody is very devastated by this and uh i yeah i i don't
know i don't know what else to say other than that everyone's just really upset about it yeah
he'd been a part of the blues since they came into the nhl right yes all right yes like i mean just
and i think like there's so many fans and,
and you look at it like a player who you rooted for and you've always like loved watching when
they retire, you hope that they stay like a part of the team, right? Like you hope that forever,
they're kind of blues fans. They're, they're forever a blue. And this guy like actually was,
so he coached the team at one point quickly he was either the assistant gm or
the gm i apologize for not knowing but just like a true member of the entire blue team and community
and then you hear about all these things he would do for like people that were blues fans and he
said a lot of people wrote he was going to like the non-affluent areas right he knew there was
blues fans everywhere he opened up his restaurant in a place that i think was a little different
than maybe the higher end restaurants outside st louis in terms of suburbs and just a
guy who who every single person has had a nice thing to say about right until you feel you feel
so bad for his family and the the clip that was amazing i saw was he got his jersey retired i
think maybe the seventh or eighth blues player and it was right next to his brothers
right who was up there and he was getting really teary-eyed for sure and he was talking about his
brothers a lot in the interviews i saw so yeah for sure rest in peace we're thinking of his family
and all the blues and i work with tyson nash who played with the blues for a little bit and he said
that he when he was playing in the american league in worcester that Bobby Plager actually was was there as a
scout and he noticed that he was just running amok and always being a factor in a game however he
could and he went back to St. Louis and said we need this guy in our in our lineup I think that
he could really help us and that's how Tyson Nash ended up getting his start in St. Louis so
he had some really kind words to say to say about Bobby Plager on the, on the Coyotes broadcast and just the impact he had on his career.
So it's a terrible loss and our heart goes out to everybody in the St.
Louis area who's been affected by this.
Yeah. A lot of current players had very nice words to say and to echo you guys,
you know, I, we send our deepest condolences to his family, friends,
and of course the St. Louis Blues family and community. It's a terrible loss, so sorry to have to report that.
Okay, we're going to move over.
We want to acknowledge Patrick Marleau.
Assuming he plays tonight, Monday night,
he'll pass Marc Messier for the second most games played in NHL history.
He'll need just 11 more to pass.
Gordie Howe's record of 1767.
He also got his 564th goal to tie Sundin and Nulandyke for 23rd all time.
Milo, man, just keeps chugging.
We just want to acknowledge that it's such an accomplishment.
I mean, most people don't think Gordie Howe records are going to be broken,
but at this point, it's going to be a shock if this one isn't broken.
You just wonder what team he'd be on when he does break it.
He could get traded.
Great point.
But it looks like, dude, I read that he's played more games than the
minnesota wild have played oh as an organization yeah it's like he's just been doing this for so
long and i guess right when people saw him as a young as a young guy flying around the week at
skate it's some it's a player and you're like oh this guy could play forever and he's actually
doing it so he's an automatic Hall of Famer then, right?
Yeah.
Is that fair to say?
Over 500 goals, the most games ever played, he's getting in the Hall of Fame. Yeah, I would think he would get in.
Fuck yeah.
One last note from the division.
We had a trade.
The LA Kings acquired New York Ranger Brendan Lemieux
for a fourth-round pick in the 21 draft.
This is a little bit of a surprise.
I guess it kind of come out of nowhere.
LA gets a little sandpaper in their lineup. Rangers get a draft pick. Biz,
any reaction to this? I like the pickup. I mean, I like his game. I've been very vocal about that
since he entered the league. I don't know what the Rangers saw or didn't see in him to continue
having him in the organization, but I think it's a great pickup and what was the exchange was
it for a fourth rounder yes a fourth rounder in this upcoming draft I think that that's a very
low price to pay to get a guy like that who I mean we talked to him right he said he said when he
gets into the rhythm of the season as it progresses he gets more involved into the game and I mean LA
is one of those teams that's kind of on the bubble. I don't really see them making playoffs this year, but moving forward,
definitely an energy type player where if he can find a little bit of offense
and add secondary scoring, I could see him being a very,
very valuable third line player. And who knows,
maybe even up to the second line. I don't know.
I don't know what his ceiling is exactly,
but I definitely see players like that having impacts in games most nights.
And those,
those types of players aren't necessarily that easy to come by now either.
There's not a lot of guys in today's NHL that want to go muck it up every
night and, and be a piece of shit out there. And I mean, I mean,
last year, more so, more so than this year because i haven't heard
his name pop up and maybe more so in the past like an antoine roussel like that type of player
where guys on the opposing team are like i fucking hate this guy's guts but chances are the guys on
his team love him at the fact that on nights where maybe certain guys don't have their mojo
he's sucking them into the fight so i i like
lemieux and and i'm interested to see how this is going to play out yeah it's a very young team with
some sick prospects like la looks like they could be pretty good um in the near future right like
there isn't there isn't like a a woe is me look on that team it's like all right we're we're
starting to build and we got guys and then maybe if you do become a team competing for stanley cups lemieux is is by that point like a really
good fourth line maybe third line guy and contributing as a rat and able to maybe play
a little bit more offense right i don't think he's yeah two goals so far in new york but we'll see
he's definitely someone who's kind of built for the playoffs so let's see if he uh if not this
year but maybe the year after LA can get in.
The hardest part for guys like that is finding that balance
between how far can you take it most nights
and also when thinking about how far you can take it
and playing that rat role, so to speak,
but also focusing on the regular tasks at hand,
which is playing solid hockey being responsible
defensively and trying to contribute offensively so it's it's a balance and sometimes these types
of players take a little bit more time to develop so i i like the move for la a lot
that wasn't the only trade that happened since we last talked uh the north division we're going
to shift over that the canadians didn't actually play since we last met uh but they still in fourth place they got five to six games in the hands on the team below them
but they rescued eric stall from buffalo in a trade they sent buffalo a third and a fifth round
in this upcoming draft buffalo retained half his salary as well stall had three goals and seven
assists in 32 games played a minus 20 he's in a 17th season also canada is going to reduce the
quarantine for players
getting traded to Canadian teams from the
U.S. from 14 days to 7 days.
Witt, let's go to you first on the
stall trade.
Yeah, I saw a lot of
I'll say like
hate from the Sabres
fans, right? Well, he can't even play
anymore. He was awful so far
this year. Who has been good on
buffalo it's like i i don't think that sabers fans besides eichel are going to be like furious
if anyone gets traded maybe dalin maybe reinhardt so you're not going to take that for their for
like their word right i still think that this guy could make a difference he is a veteran. When Montreal looks at like the team they have, right?
He's not the fastest skater anymore,
but he's able to at least have experience
that some of these players don't have
in trying to get into the playoffs
and then maybe winning a round or two.
I don't think the Canadians can win the Stanley Cup.
They're for sure trying,
but if you're going to like chirp Montreal
for getting a guy like that's older
and maybe not the quickest
skater anymore you got no clue because you need experience and you need guys who've been there
and I think that he probably knows that he has a lot to prove going up there but he's been able
to do it his entire career in the past so don't be surprised at all if his game steps up a level
and he's just that excited to be on a better hockey team yeah i just don't like necessarily understand it from like a i don't think that they're good enough to win the cup
like not i don't think that they're close right there i i think that they're going to end up
maybe locking in that fourth seed so you're giving up a third rounder i would say it's somewhat
valuable and a fifth rounder and you're getting a guy who has proven
that he's been able to, at least in the latter part of his career,
put up solid numbers.
Can't compare this year in Buffalo.
I completely agree with that.
But it's almost like, okay, so you're giving up more assets
to maybe get to the second round, maybe get to the conference finals.
It's obvious that Bergevin's feeling a lot of pressure
at the fact that they at least have to win a couple rounds this year or maybe his job's on the
line right was that is that a fair comment and and if if you're if you're that concerned about it
would you not be willing to maybe give up a little bit more to get somebody who might come in
and and make an impact longer or maybe has younger legs or who's maybe been having a better season?
I don't know.
I think that ultimately he's probably looking at it.
They just want depth down the middle,
and he can help contribute where he's going to be getting better line matches.
So I'm interested to see how this plays out.
I'm more like, what are you rushing to achieve other than maybe getting
out of a couple rounds this year like if you think getting out of a couple rounds is going to save
your job and sustain it it's like okay but he's eric stall is not going to be back next year i
would imagine and you just gave up a third and a fifth so more assets to where you could maybe
potentially gain prospects who could
eventually make an impact to your lineup it's just i don't know people would we've we've talked
about the argument of the amount of talent that ends up reaching the league when you get out of
the first round let alone out of the first top 10 picks but so it's just like it's i can i guess i
can understand it to a degree of where he's feeling the pressure and he thinks this is going to help
them add a little bit of depth.
I just don't  I don't know if like was that the only thing that was available?
Was that
No, I think that like Carolina had talked to Buffalo,
but Carolina wasn't willing to rush into it like you're saying.
They want to wait and probably try to get somebody a little better
who they think is going to be a little bit better.
Now the question is like who, right? in buffalo and and there's i i don't think the
kings would do it but imagine how hard a team would try to get dustin brown like i'm trying
to think of other forwards right that may be traded i i just think montreal um they need to
get in the playoffs more than anything like that's kind of how bergeron's probably looking at like
i'm done if we don't get in.
So I know maybe it's a player
who you don't think could make that big of a difference
in Eric Stahl at this point,
but I think that it's more off-ice
that he could really help that team.
Okay. Fair enough.
I think a change of scenery will help him too.
I mean, going from Buffalo to a playoff contender
certainly will change your attitude,
change your spirit. I'm more looking at it from a playoff contender certainly will change your attitude, change your spirit.
I'm more looking at it from a, if I was a Montreal fan perspective,
where I'm like, I don't think we're good enough to win the cup.
Why do we keep giving up assets to maybe win a couple rounds here?
This is dumb.
I'd rather try to build a wagon.
Wasn't the only move the organization made.
They also signed Cole Caulfield to his entry level deal
after his college season ended with wisconsin uh he's going to start in laval after his quarantine
ends he had 30 goals in 31 games to lead the ncaa in goals last year uh because he signed his deal
at 20 uh he'll burn a year of office contract this year regardless if he plays for montreal or not
which is obviously good for the young kids so it'll be interesting to see if he gets in the lineup.
Because, you know, we see over  I've seen over the years,
adding a college kid, they go on a nice little run.
They're coming off a great season.
They got the confidence flowing.
So we'll see what happens if he gets called up.
Oh, yeah, and if he gets  if he lights it up in Laval,
he can get a chance.
All of a sudden, he could make a difference.
I mean, I don't know if it would be as easy as some people imagine you know some fans of his who who are like hoping that he could be a real game
changer in terms of scoring for montreal but if you watch him at wisconsin it was a joke he's just
every every level he's been at so far he's just an elite goal scorer so why not think he could do it
again yeah all right moving along uh our buddy johnond, he's played his 500th game.
But after his 499th, his coach wasn't too happy with him.
G, want to roll that clip?
Johnny plays.
Johnny Gaudreau plays 500 games tonight at the NHL level.
I'm just wondering, you know, mostly as a guy who's coached against him
and now working with him, what have your kind of impressions been
of the career he's made so far?
And then what are you looking to see out of him now at this point?
Well, if you're just basing on his 500th game tonight,
hopefully he has more energy than in his 499th game.
I mean, Darryl Sutter is still a quote machine.
More energy than his 499th.
That's going to light a fire under a guy's ass now.
Well, it also took him like 10 minutes to say the sentence.
Cause he was just taking his time and like,
you were wondering where he was going with it.
Then it's just a complete chirp.
So he's not too worried about the 500 game milestone. He's more like,
can you get going here? I need you to play better.
It was hilarious though. The way he just presented that entire thing.
It's like Daryl was writing these things down in his barn,
just get waiting to get hired of all the insults. If guys weren't playing well. And I mean, guys, we touched base when we recorded Monday afternoon and we said, if these guys have any chance of making playoffs, they got to rattle off a few against Ottawa. They drop back-to-back games against the Ottawa Senators. Like, that cannot be happening with the lineup that they have
and them fighting for their lives.
So it hasn't been good.
And, you know, you thought after they got to that 4-2 start with Daryl
that they were going to start playing a lot better,
but they got some fucking work to do, man.
It's looking very grim for one of one of the alberta teams to
make playoffs right now what did you guys think of goudreau's response to he said i heard it didn't
think much of it i've been playing hockey for 24 25 years now and know when i've played well and
when i haven't so i think that he's spicy back i think he's saying i i did have plenty of energy
and i did play well i would take it that way.
Yeah.
His name has been getting bandied about quite a bit too,
as far as trade wise and,
you know,
free agency and stuff.
So keep an eye on that as we always do.
I don't know if that was the funniest thing we saw from management this
week.
Pierre Dorian with the cup toss from the private box after Ottawa lost
that OT game.
That's fucking hilarious.
I feel bad for the person who had to pick it up.
Oh, sorry, I'm cramping up.
Are you just cramped up mid-talking?
Do a podcast and stuff?
What part of your body?
My hammy.
It happens sometimes.
I thought I was in bad shape.
Well, Edmonton Oilers only had one game last week,
and it was one of the more entertaining ones.
It was Hockey Night in Canada.
That was a 4-3 loss in overtime to Toronto.
We've got to talk about that pass Connor made to Leon Dreisaitl,
that sick pass coming down the left wing.
Nobody even saw Dreisaitl send it all the way.
Did you see that highlight?
It was ridiculous.
Those two guys together.
I saw Pui Arviz on their line right now for tonight's game.
That guy can skate.
I just think that they're almost unstoppable
it's really remember i said i think what was the what was the stat if they both get two points they
win it's like it's it's very hard to stop those guys from at least getting one every night there
was another pass that uh dry sidle made behind the net the behind the back oh it's a barry and
then he roofed it he made it look so easy it was a it's the globetrotters i mean between we talked about that core group last week between smith
nurse barry dry sidling mcdavid they all keep getting it done man and i think that they're
going to pull those guys into playoffs with that uh the rest of the group yeah it's going to be an
unreal race uh toronto had a two and a week i mean jack campbell man with six and oh business said he is he's been outstanding i mean it's his crease for now how
do you not have him as the number one whether the coach comes out and says it or not it's a
different story but he's obviously the number one well i was right about one thing i told you the
the least are going to be okay i might have been wrong about this goaltender controversy i think
jack campbell has proved himself to to be able to handle the net, at least
for now. And you got to ride the hot hand, folks. 6-0. His numbers are incredible. And I tell you
what, man, I saw him come in to the LA Kings organization off of Dallas. And he wasn't there
mentally. And Dusty Emu helped him out and get to where he needed to be and he's been a rising
star ever since so um he's he's kicking ass and I couldn't be happier for him so the Leafs you got
a good one yeah of course Austin got the game winner in overtime is 22nd of the year keeps
getting it done this is another I mean all the divisions got great great fucking races here
let's see Montreal is currently in fourth with 37 but Calgary 35 Vancouver 35 and even
those pesky Sens they're only nine points back of a spot uh points in six straight games so
like I said they might not win every game biz but they play they play their asses off pretty
much every game they are working their balls off yeah they've uh they we came into this season
thinking they were going to be the laughingstock of the league and we know who that is right now
but yeah I'm happy for that group man especially that fan base man they've been dealing with some
shit over the last couple years and now they got something to cheer about did you see the hit
cassian put on tavars nobody did anything he trucked him behind the net and like haul went
over and like it was it was at a point in the game like you weren't going to like jump them. But crazy to see that.
I want to talk about Winnipeg quick because the team that like nobody mentioned, right.
Talking about it was Toronto, Edmonton, Montreal, what they did.
Right. And quietly, Winnipeg is nasty.
We've talked a little bit about about them.
Not nearly enough.
But Neil Pionk, by the way, talk about like, like i don't know and i know it's early but
that trade looks pretty nice i think he's a better player than jacob truba i know they're
a little different truba's better defensively but through this guy like he can skate so well
he's great offensively and i don't, he doesn't make nearly as much money.
So I think that that was a huge difference maker in terms of how good they look.
Shifley, you can't say enough. But the whole thing, Kyle Connor too, man.
Like he was a guy who had to spend a little time in the minors, right,
and worked his way up, and now all of a sudden like guaranteed 30 goals.
He's flying around.
Their offense is awesome.
They're fun to watch.
And I think that the weird thing for Toronto I forgot to bring up
was their power plays, like, really hit the skids,
which is, I mean, obviously you're going to have ups and downs
throughout the season, but it might be five or six games
without a power play goal.
So they were at, like, 35, way up near, way at the top of the league,
and now I think they're sixth.
So you got to get that figured out but the canadian division i will say ra is is pretty much locked up i think that
montreal with having five or six games in hand on vancouver and calgary i think you got your four
teams yeah and i think you and i think you got most of the teams in all the divisions
teams yeah and i think you and i think you got most of the teams in all the divisions other other than um other than the one with uh columbus dallas and nashville that one i would
argue i would argue that one's locked up i would argue that the four teams nashville getting in
fourth will be now the teams that get in i don't see chicago going on a big run i don't columbus
god fucking awful they stink det Detroit pounded them Sunday.
And the last
team being, who am I forgetting?
Dallas. Dallas, dude.
Another shitbag team
right now. They stink
too. Seriously, the Stars stink.
They're the most disappointing
team of the year.
Yeah, well, it should note too, they do get four games
in hand. They are six back on the last spot.
So,
but yeah,
they haven't been,
certainly haven't been playing up to their potential for a team that
got to the Stanley cup last year,
but all right,
boys,
any other notes from the North before we go to our pal,
Caleb Presley?
That's pretty much all the hockey talk for today,
right?
No,
no,
we still got the East division division.
Yeah.
We got another division,
but we'll,
yeah,
we're going to break it up with our,
with our buddy Caleb first,
but first I want to talk to you about Larry flowers, we have another division. But, well, yeah, we're going to break it up with our buddy Caleb first. But first, I want to talk to you about Larry Flowers Jewelry, our old pal Larry.
Larry Flowers Jewelry is a high-end jeweler who specializes in selling luxury watches,
engagement rings, and jewelry.
He has a massive inventory of all major watch brands, including Rolex.
Is it Patek?
Patek?
Is that how you say it?
Patek.
Patek, AP, and others.
Always at the best price on the market, guaranteed.
Engagement ring shipping.
He specializes in sourcing the best desirable diamond options on market for your budget.
He treats every client like family, and he never uses a pushy sales pitch.
All jewelry and ring settings are manufactured using only handcrafted designer quality,
always at wholesale prices.
Larry backs that up with a 100 full trade in on any future upgrade. That's because he sells
only quality diamonds. Trust is everything in this business. He's the guy's guide jewel,
and with only your very best interest at heart. He values relationships more than anything in
business, and satisfaction is always guaranteed. He's earned the trust of some of the greatest athletes in the world,
and he takes a lot of pride in that.
So follow him on Instagram at Larry Flowers Jewelry,
the trusted jeweler to the pros.
I believe he did your Rolex, right, Janelle?
Granelli? Janelle.
He did indeed.
He was Santa Larry when he brought it into the Barstool office.
Also, Larry, whenever I need anything, I'm going right to Larry.
I promise you it gets done exactly,
exactly how you hope it would.
Because when he gives you the options,
he does not push anything.
He makes it so easy to ship it to you,
for you to ship it back if you don't like it.
It's just like, when you say trust is everything,
I know like a jeweler, it is so legit
to just know you have a guy that's looking out for you. He going to get you what you want he's going to do what he can
to actually give you a very fair price so i cannot say how much i trust larry and i would do business
with him any day of the week and you don't have to pay for the overhead of going to like an actual
jewelry store where he's going to get you a very fair price and i i bought my watches through him
and a lot of other hockey guys that i know have so check out larry flowers jewelry absolutely especially if you look in the market for a rock
buying the ring that's a stressful time for a fella going on maybe i can get a biz 20 promo
quote on my engagement ring for an old lady when i decided to pop the question oh there we go all
right gang we're gonna send it over to our pal Caleb Presley. This is a very interesting character.
I think you're going to enjoy this one.
And be sure to check out his podcast, 51 Strokes.
So here we go with Caleb Presley.
What a collab we have here, folks.
I think everyone at home for a long time has maybe wondered within the barstool and spitting chicklets world,
who is Caleb Presley?
Where did he come from?
How did he become so famous?
And what is the backstory to the man
who's just basically quit all other things in life
to pursue a career in professional golf?
So welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast
slash 51 Strokes crossover, Caleb Presley.
I appreciate you having me.
And welcome to 51 Strokes
for the people who are listening to my podcast.
A lot of you have been wondering who are are these spit and chinkless guys?
Why do they give up their lives to be professional podcasters?
So we're going to get into it today.
No, thank you guys for having me, man.
I'm sorry I was so late.
So you're down in Florida now, and I think it was within the last, I'm going to say,
three weeks that you shut all things down and it's on to pro golf.
So not only does that include like
just diving into the game of golf but moving to florida dude first of all i'm literally dead
serious that i'm going to be a professional why do you think i just said it what do you think i
was like saying it that was more to clear it up for your fans you okay fair enough i know i can
tell you you're into it i don't know what's going through his head biz is thinking about a lot of
things right now okay none of them are this interview.
No, God, no.
So it's called 51 Strokes because that's your actual handicap when you started playing?
So I've only taken real score one time because it's too demoralizing.
Ball and hole, Caleb?
Or just like picking up some holes?
No, this is my real, the only time I've ever done it, but real score.
It was on a, I want to say it was a par 68, I think, and I shot 51 over.
Okay.
So then you're like, originally, boom, I'm a 51 handicap.
51 handicap.
And that's, by the way, the only time I've ever kept score I haven't done since.
Yeah, so when does that happen next?
You want to make a bit of improvement to where you're going to like,
I want to be able to like make a couple shots that i'm not feeling so pathetic about myself as it happens right in what a month two months you don't know so my goal is
and i've been told by people who know about golf that it's impossible yeah it's impossible. My goal is to be not a scratch handicap, but to have shot scratch or have shot a par round by the end of this year.
Paul, good fucking luck.
Now, my coach, my coach told me
Is that Chris Como?
Chris Como.
Okay, so for everyone who doesn't know, this is a very famous golf instructor.
I believe he taught Tiger Woods at one point.
Yeah, he was with Tiger after Tiger hurt his back.
He was the one who helped him
reconstruct his swing because he had to change
his whole swing. He's currently with DeChambeau
and Jason Day
and me.
And Caleb Preston. Have you seen
DeChambeau train
with the crazy driving?
They say he passes out while he
trains.
I saw a video where he was just leaking. The guy told me at Riviera, whatever it was, two weeks ago, the Genesis.
After his round, he goes over to the range, and he puts headphones in, and he tees up.
He hits 25 drivers as physically hard as possible.
And before the ball is even at its apex, he's teed up another one and ripping at it again.
And in the midst of this, he's breathing heavily and going absolutely insane to the point where he probably could pass out at any given moment.
No, I heard he passed out.
No, I'm dead serious.
I heard he passed out.
Yeah, it's nuts.
He's going  it's like
They're saying he hits 600 drives a day.
I don't even understand how your body is going to withhold that because this is new.
I mean, we're getting away from, like, the true champion in this coach, Caleb.
But, yeah, if you're going to look towards, like, the future of golf, that may be a little intimidating trying to get pro if you're seeing Bryson pound at 390.
I saw 51 strokes.
I thought you would come off a collar of daddy's ass for a minute.
I thought you were going to have a little sex podcast.
Oh, yes, sir.
I've got that a lot, too.
Roman Swipes loves it as well absolutely you get 51 good to go absolutely now you were you a big golf fan as a kid like you got into a reason no dude that's why that's why i never played i didn't
play until last year play for the first time ever last year during coronavirus because there was no
other options so it was either don't do anything or try to play golf for the first time
because some of my friends would play when i was really growing up little like we just not that
this is true but i viewed it at the time like golf was lame oh i did too it was like this is so dumb
yeah and then as i grew up you know when i got to college and stuff i you know i played football
north carolina a lot of my teammates asked me to go out with them,
and I just at that point didn't want to go because I didn't want to waste their time.
Correct.
I don't know how to play a game.
I don't want to lose your balls or whatever.
I don't know.
I can't follow the gambling games and the names.
It's just all a big ball of confusion.
Speaking of football and it being golf-related,
I kind of think Johnny Manziel has seen what you're doing
and then trying to hop on top of it because he's recently said he wants to be a pro golfer in 10 years.
And that's like, I think he's stepping on your toes a little bit there.
He was.
So, two things.
One, I support Johnny in his dream.
He's already a scratch golfer, so he doesn't have as far to go as I do.
He gave himself 12 years.
I'm giving myself 10.
But I actually do support him in his dream.
However, i think you
might be on a little bit of something and i think john is gonna be on my podcast this week there we
go settle things up right just settle it up just figure out what happened because i was with him
about three weeks ago or and i told him you know i'm trying to be a professional golfer and i told
him the whole thing that makes the story even more like lean i'm not just, you know, a lot of people want to be pro golfers.
It's not a new idea.
And it's actually people have tried to do it before.
Yeah, there's been a couple people who've tried.
My, not just in general.
Oh, oh, oh.
My age.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
People who've never played and they've tried to go pro.
It didn't work.
They've gone all in.
Yeah, it didn't work.
They broke their neck.
They're not Caleb Presley.
No, sir.
So, like, what is there to prove in all this?
Just the fact that, like, you were once an athlete because you said you played college football.
Do you think at this point in your life golf would be the only professional sport to at least a certain level that you could be able to obtain?
I'm sure there's some shitty sports I could crush.
Correct.
That's why I said maybe talk to you.
Biz is doing the Tour de France in three months.
Yeah.
Let's go.
Are you training right now?
No, I haven't started.
We've got to get you on some blood doping.
Yeah.
Dude, honestly, the truth is the very first time I played,
going back to last year, I say during coronavirus,
but when it was like full lockdowns, the only thing to do was go play.
The first time I went with my boys, I was shitty, of course.
I was terrible, but I fell in love with it immediately.
Every single thing about it, I was like, this is the best game that there's ever been i loved golf immediately more than i ever loved football and i was like in that day i was like i'm gonna go pro
and the reason wasn't to prove something the reason was because i was like how can i do this
for my job yeah i was like well i guess if you want to be a professional professional
golfer that technically that makes it your job i just want free clubs dead ass i just want to be
able to golf and still be able to like you know pay pay for my bills it's so true like i actually
played with a golfer the other day pga tour golfer cory connor's canadian and i had to run home after
the kids were at home i was supposed to be back at three i'm like so unfair i go you this is your
job so you just get to stay here as long as you want.
Honey, I was at work.
Yeah, exactly.
That's exactly where you were leaning towards.
And that's the only thing I'm trying to do.
I'm not trying to prove anything to myself, to anybody else.
I just want to golf as my job.
And if it turns out that pursuing golf
Genius move, Caleb.
To be a professional golfer turns into
Like right now, I moved from New York City to Florida so I could pursue it full time.
And I'm going seven days a week right now.
So can I give you
Which is my dream.
Which this isright when I saw what you were doing, this has been my initial thoughts.
I pretty much did what you are trying to do.
Or I'm in the process of trying to get better at golf.
But I startedhow old are you?
28.
All right, so I was 25. And I just started the same thing, fell in love, obsessed with it.
You'll never make a dollar playing golf.
You'll probably make money like in this process.
Listen, listen, listen, listen.
Yeah, go ahead.
Go ahead.
But you will be a 10 handicap in like four months if you're playing every day because you're athletic.
And then it's going to become more difficult.
But I would be shocked if you don't already see improvement.
I think by the end of the year, I'll have shot a scratch round.
Wow.
Hey, so, Kate, let me ask you this question.
I respect that confidence.
It's not going to happen.
Okay.
Zero percent chance?
Zero percent.
You might be right because so far everyone said what you said.
So you might be right.
Yeah, but, dude, that's you.
You're just like, I'm not going to listen to the haters.
I'm going. I'm making this my living. Well, this well let me finish this from earlier because i didn't finish como said when i told him he's like listen if you are a scratch golfer in two
years from now then i will consider you someone who has a chance of one day being pro exactly
so exactly i still said uh if you were to become a legit scratch in two years, you could be like, I might be able to do this.
Yeah, exactly.
And I said pro, again, it doesn't have to be PGA.
It could be senior.
It could be the old Hooters tour.
Yes, exactly, dude.
I'm just trying to play golf and get paid.
Hey, let's start our own fucking tour where we make the criteria so low that we get on it to where we just throw it in perfect control.
I'm in there, dude.
If you're cool driving in a Winnebago like the guy from uh what was it tin cup 10 10 uh this will be your romeo um i was gonna ask you what's the heart what's
been the hardest part to like get even decent at like consistency is it the iron play what is one
thing that is just holding you back you think overall dude the balls i lose so many freaking
balls dude oh my god That means extra strokes.
24 balls a round on average.
You can't like water courses.
Still?
Dude, TaylorMade sent me 12 boxes of balls two weeks ago.
All of them were TaylorMade number 51s.
They're gone.
All 12 boxes.
Yeah, I don't think you're going to be scratched.
I was waiting on the wedges to come in because then I would have had the full tailor-made set plus the balls.
Did you get fitted?
No, because they said it's no point.
Well, I said no point in me to get fitted because I don't know what I'm doing.
What are you hitting driver?
If you're 140 yards from the hole, what club are you hitting?
Or do you not even know yet?
Right now, I do 140 from the hole.
I would hit a pitching wedge.
Oh, all right.
So you can hit it decently far.
So, yeah.
They said my  so I did all the testing.
So Como has in his house in Texas, in his living room
That place looks sick.
You've seen it before.
Yeah.
It's like a lab.
It's a lab.
It's a Como lab, I think it's called, right?
It's literally in his living room.
It's just like a science lab.
He's a mad scientist.
But my numbers, like my speed and all that stuff, is above the tour average.
Really?
It's just  the tour average.
That's what I said.
I saw your swing in that lab. and I go, his swing's athletic,
and you played sports.
That's why you'll be able to hit it far.
That's not going to be my problem.
It's going to be the around the green stuff,
where it's just very hard at the beginning at least.
Yeah, and also the hardest thing is going to be, I think,
when I do get to the point where I'm actually good in like five, ten years,
then I'm, you know, right now I'm 28. I'm feeling pretty good. I'm going to be i think when i do get to the point where i'm actually good in like five ten years then i'm you know right now i'm 28 i'm feeling pretty good i'm gonna be 38 and i don't know how good i'm gonna be
oh that's the buddy i got a hernia this week i'm 38 years old you just called my life trust me stay
in shape are you all healthy do you were you did you have like a health thing i just had to get i
had to get a surgery on my hernia yeah so, so. But you have a hernia where?
I have a hernia.
It just popped in my ab this week.
Oh.
It's an absolute bummer.
Did you get sliced or arthro?
Arthro.
Oh, okay.
I got mine.
I got cut open.
It was brutal.
Why'd you do that, dude?
Because they didn't give me one.
R.A.'s uncle in Charlestown did it.
That was 20 years ago.
I wasn't doing it.
This was in 81.
Hey, man.
Seriously.
You ever see MASH?
They did it to him at his house.
The home surgery.
Like a childbirth.
No, it was a while ago.
I wasn't given the option.
But I tell people, go Afro if you have the option.
Caleb, how did you end up getting associated with Barstool, by the way?
So at North Carolina, do you actually know the story?
I've been hearing pieces of it, but I don't know the actual story.
So we mentioned that you played college football.
I believe you were a quarterback.
Went to University of North Carolina.
And I'll let you take over from there.
So I never played in North Carolina.
I wouldn't say I was a bad player.
I would say there was bad coaching.
I was always back up, right?
I came in as a pro style quarterback which
i don't know you watch football or not yeah like your prototype will drop back you know get the
ball out of your hand basically like i wasn't fast is basically what it means it's like this guy can
throw like even like the dual threats well they're just like they have two threats i was it should
just be instead of pro style it should be like uno threat like this guy's not gonna run so anyways i
came in pro style under butch Davis freshman year after the season.
He gets fired before the season.
The whole staff let go after the season.
They bring in a new coach, Coach Fedora.
They come in with
Who didn't recruit you, right?
Didn't recruit me.
Different offense, spread offense.
I basically never stood a chance, yeah.
I was a backup quarterback my last year.
My junior season, I was a second-string quarterback going into the last game.
But then my senior year.
So in front of me is the guy who is my age, and he's coming back for his senior year.
So if I come back, I'm going to be behind him again.
And behind me is Mitch Trubisky.
So you're third-string minimum.
Going into the next season, I'm like, dude, there's a good chance.
It's my senior year of college.
I'm going to be third-string, and I'm second-'s a good chance I'm going to be third string. And I'm second string right now.
I'm going to take a step back.
Because Mitch was,
you just knew he was great.
He was coming.
So I made a decision
to go travel abroad.
I traveled abroad
for spring ball.
That's a ballsy move, though, man.
It must have been kind of hard
to give it up in a sense.
Dude, of course.
Because you remember
what it's like when you're 20.
I'm 21.
It's all I've done
my whole life is play football.
Exactly.
So I didn't even know
anything else was out there. It turned out to be the best thing I ever did because when I're 20, I'm 21. It's all I've done my whole life is play football. Exactly. So I didn't even know anything else was out there.
It turned out to be the best thing I ever did because when I came back, I was like,
I realized that there were other things to life.
So I was like, dude, I don't care.
Yeah.
So I tried to walk away from the team because I knew it was going to be third string.
I was like, I got to get ready for the real world.
I got to get a job.
You got to get a job.
So anyways, long story short, they convinced me to come back in another role and they added me to
the coaching staff i was like a paid member of the coaching staff on my senior year now paid not very
much but i was i was on the and free tuition still no no free tuition so then um basically
sorry to bust you all that it's tough for me dude he's still paying the loan yeah no tough for my dad um so
anyways i i went to i went through the whole season i and i called myself the supervisor
morale it was a whole big thing um basically they had a usa today reporter came to north carolina
to interview our coach and i just like got her to come into my office and i told her this bullshit
story that wasn't true and i told her I was a supervisor morale, and I just basically bullshitted her that it was my office.
It was a whole thing.
It was a big bullshit thing, but then she ran it in USA Today.
Oh, my goodness.
And this is a really long story.
I'm abbreviating.
But basically all the other outlets picked it up, and then the coaching staff thought it was funny,
so they ran with it, and they let me call myself supervisor morale.
That's unbelievable.
And then that's how Dave saw me because we were playing duke on thursday night and there's the espn game of the week and then dave was watching
the game probably betting on it and they did like a story about me during the game about how i was
the first ever supervisor morale in college football created a position yeah but but like
it was the coaches went with it because we sucked that year we hadn't you know nothing that was it
was like i was like the storyline of that season for our team because we just blew.
And then Dave offered me a job the next week.
I went to run down and offered me a job.
Barstool's so interesting.
People say, oh, I'd like a job there.
And it's kind of like, well, what are you going to do, right?
I mean, you had to go there not really sure what you'd be doing for Barstool.
Well, he asked me.
So he first asked me. This is also in 2015 doing for Barstool. He first asked me.
This is also in 2015.
Barstool is at a way different spot.
He asked me to be a blogger from the south.
You don't strike me as a blogger.
I'm born and raised in North Carolina.
I wasn't going to be a blogger.
I didn't want to be a blogger, so I said no.
Big Cats tells me to this day,
that's the best thing you ever did for your whole career.
You're trying to fake it.
I said no, I don't want to be a blogger i didn't know what barstool was it wasn't
big in the south at the time and that's why they wanted me was because they wanted a guy from the
south and so i was like i don't want to be a blogger and dave's like all right well how about
we revisit this and after your season's over because i'm still mid-season we offered me a job
of the first semester of my senior year of college so i've got a job offer i'm doing senior spring man that when we met you were still in
college right so that's when it goes full circle so then after the season was over dave invited me
to come to boston and we went to a bruins game we were in a box and it was me dave gaz
feidelberg hank and ra and we just in this box really? yeah was it for finals?
cup finals or just random?
no I think it was after Christmas
it was a little thank you thing
from Dave
yeah
that's how I remember it
so that was your first like
not a tryout
but you're just like
meeting the boys
and you're figuring out
what you would do
exactly
and then Dave like
took us to a club afterwards
like dude this guy
it was basically like
a recruiting trip
no shit
but everyone was
pulling me to the side
every single person
separately pulled me to the side
I was like dude Dave's not normally like this like he's not a nice like not a nice guy he
was doing it for you they're like dude this don't like i didn't say that and so and so they're like
dude he's like he's pretty intense like don't think that he's always like fun and shit um and
so i then the next day on my way out of town i told dave i was like listen i don't want to be a
blogger still but what if if you're really trying to expand in the South, what's big in the South is SEC football.
So why don't we get on a bus, and I'm a video guy, like that's what my background is, that's what I want to do is video.
So why don't we get on a bus and we'll travel SEC college football the entire season, we'll make videos the entire time.
You thought of this on the spot.
You thought of this on the weekend.
No, no, no.
Well, it's not truly on the spot because, like, a couple weeks earlier,
I was thinking about  we had this idea of, like,
what I want to do when I retired.
I was like, dude, when I retire
From morale director.
And I was like, no.
Oh, later on in life.
Like 61.
Down the line.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like, get your 401K.
And I was like, dude, I'm going to get a bus,
and I'm going to just tailgate SEC football games.
Oh, that's awesome. And then it just turned out. I was like, this gonna get a bus i'm gonna just tailgate sec football games oh that's awesome
and then it just turned out i was like this kind of works for a job too like with what barcelo's
doing and my understanding of barcelo at the time and what they wanted to do as far as growth south
so then i asked dave and you know dave is they was like sure cool and i didn't hear again from
him for yeah you have to reach out again like can i still do that he's like yeah i thought you were
yeah no that's dead ass what happened so. And then that's the start of it.
Yeah, because I felt like I met you that time,
and then I didn't hear from you for like, you know,
no one heard from you for three ages.
I was still in school.
I was just in college.
Yeah, that's fine.
I had no idea.
You were in class or not going to class.
We had to just study abroad.
Edinburgh in Scotland.
Oh, yeah, okay.
Dude, you should have started golf then.
I know, dude.
I want to go back.
I want to play in Scotland.
I played in the EIHL there in like English League.
In Edinburgh?
They had a team, yeah.
Isn't St. Andrews like not too far away from there?
Like two hours, I think.
Yeah.
I think the girl who started maybe the Harry Potter books lives there.
She wrote them in Edinburgh.
Good recall.
Yeah.
You live there?
I just blacked out what happened.
We played against them in that league.
I remember, I'll never forget, we drove like 11 hours the day of a game,
and we had to play a game after being on the bus for 11 hours.
That's just kind of how that pro league was.
You could have got through the entire what?
Chamber of Secrets.
That's true.
Going back to bumping around from, it's the SCC?
How do you say it?
Yeah, the SCC.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, sorry.
I'm not big with the college football.
So what you started doing, though, is when you went to every stop,
you kept going with these spoof video themes, correct?
Well, at the time, we were just making videos.
Like we were trying to make the schools look cool as shit.
And so we were just partying.
Dude, we partied hard.
We lived on a bus all right
so think about this also i assembled the crew so it's like it was me and hank dave sent hank down
but then the rest of the guys i had my best friend from high school was our bus driver
and then another guy i got to hire and he was he like lied he said he was he had graduated like
usc art film film school and it turned out he just didn't.
It was a lie.
He was like a 30-year-old Russian Jew, amazing guy, and he just lived on the bus with us,
and he lied about his whole credentials.
Was he able to execute?
Yeah, he was fire.
He did a great job.
And we just lived together on this bus for six months.
And partied at every call.
So kind of like the movie Road Trip, but just every weekend.
Yeah, dude.
I mean, it got to the point where I told my boys, I was with my boys the other day.
They're football players.
And I was like, dude, I think I have CTE and not from football.
It's like, when's the season over?
No, SEC games, they're unreal.
I'm not even a huge college football guy.
But I saw Florida at South Carolina.
And I actually went to Alabama at
LSU like 12 years ago. It's
absolutely incredible. If you're a sports fan
or just an event chaser,
unreal time. That's another thing.
I don't think that college football is big
up north because you guys don't have any good teams.
Yeah. BC was like decent
a couple years, but BC's the biggest bunch of
donkeys going. So
when they were good, they have a fan base, but it's just not the same
because there's so many pro teams.
You guys have good pro teams.
Yeah, so it's like, yeah, there's no chance there'd ever be
big-time college football.
Like when I was born, North Carolina didn't even have a pro football team.
The Panthers started in 93, I think.
So, I mean, it's like.
Weren't they real good this year?
Panthers?
No, North Carolina football.
Haven't they been good the past few years?
Yeah.
We got Mack Brown back.
The guy from Texas.
Well, the guy from North Carolina who went to Texas.
Oh, no shit.
Got him back.
Yeah.
So we were getting better.
We're getting better.
But yeah, we've been sucking.
I think, like I'm trying to think of like big moments for you in Barstool that's really
helped your brand grow.
When you and Roan met, like you had some sort of connection because I remember you guys started doing the rough and rowdy in the tuxedos.
That was like an immediate.
You two guys just kind of hit it off right away.
Dude, Roan is like the most talented, smart.
He's an animal, that guy.
We had him on our podcast as well.
You did, yeah.
He's just like a different breed.
He's just so smart, funny, quick-witted.
When he came in, i just wanted to do
something with him because i would be like an honor to you know if you see someone who's super
talented you want to do something with them yeah and we just hit it off we and we did like a podcast
together and we started traveling together and we did it we've done a ton of stuff together i hope
we continue to um storm chasers we did storm chasers how did that your guy your guys that was
big cat big cat and dave disagree on whose idea was because they both say it's theirs um but uh basically it was their idea
and they're like we've always wanted to do this but we're not you know we're too old to be running
around you know doing this but basically during march madness right before the tournament when
you're trying to get in when they're trying to get in you know go to schools that have a potential
of there being a storm on the court and then just wear raincoats and basically try to see if you can storm the court and just do it for like a week.
Did you guys get arrested at one of them?
Yeah, we got arrested, dude.
I went to jail.
For what?
Storming too hard.
Hey, but did they know you were there to storm the court?
Category 5.
Because we got super weak.
It was like people knew we were coming.
People would be excited we were coming.
And so we would put out that we were going to, for example,
we were going to UConn, and we were causing storms to happen.
Keep in mind, we're only going to potential storms.
So for basketball, that is an unranked team playing at home
against a ranked opponent.
Okay.
Oh, is that the criteria?
Upset.
Upset at home.
Kind of like in football when they take down the goalposts
or maybe they don't do it anymore because people start getting hammered.
Yeah, they still do it.
Okay, cool.
So that is exactly what we're looking for.
And so we go to  and we're going to these games
and the underdogs are winning every time.
I think there's only like two games we've ever went to
that the underdog didn't win.
So you guys are a good luck charm.
So you're firing the underdogs up.
Well, we walk in, we've got the raincoatscoats the cameras and we're just revving the crowd up and that changes the entire
dynamic of the game yeah so i'm not saying we do it but well i mean i think your i think your
record speaks for itself the record is good right so we go to yukon well yukon's a traditionally
proud basketball program yeah they shouldn't be the underdogs.
And they were in this, and they were playing, I think it was like,
I want to say it was like Houston,
someone that was like not a traditionally strong basketball program,
but were ranked in the top five.
The tables had turned.
And so they, UConn, wants to win the game, of course,
but they do not want to see a storm against Houston.
We don't storm the court at UConn.
We're too big to storm the court.
So when we come in, they go crazy.
The students are going crazy. Everyone's like
so happy we're there. They had
reserved for us front row tickets, the students.
They literally, they
wouldn't let other students sit in these first
four rows. We didn't even ask for them. It said
reserved for Barstool Sports storm chasers.
So we buy our
own tickets. We're up sitting with the regular people
and at halftime, we start to make our way down.
Students are getting revved up.
And it's a close game going on.
Yeah.
We walk down.
We get in our seats.
I'm not kidding.
I'm not trying to gas it up.
People were going nuts.
The whole student section is on their feet cheering
because they know what's about to happen.
And then as soon as that happens,
obviously it
raises the eyes of everyone else the administrators come over police officers start to come over
asking what's going on and then they basically were just like hey we've been asked to remove
you guys from these seats and we said no we ain't going anywhere no brother we came to storm
that's when you turn into mathem mcconaughey and you're like no brother we came and they're
like we will forcibly remove you and i said let's see it happen and so yeah we got arrested
but the amount of viral videos that was going down because all these students were prepared
for that so they were they probably all had your back online and stuff oh yeah i mean there's
videos of this i mean it's a podcast obviously Oh, yeah. I mean, there's videos of this. I mean, it's a podcast. Obviously, people are not going to see it.
But there's videos of people chanting, let them stay.
Let them stay.
As we're getting dragged out.
I'm handcuffed.
I went dead on the ground.
Like Dave did at Super Bowl?
Yeah, I went dead on the ground at one point.
But then I had just come off the stomach surgery we were talking about earlier.
So I'm like, I really don't want to get tased right now.
I just got a hernia surgery.
So I kind of pop back up.
And then my boy Donnie went down. and then he just got fully dragged out they handcuffed
me took us to the police station obviously they didn't really have much to get us on and so we
got released almost immediately probably like an hour after doing all the paperwork there were
students outside the police station cheering for us when we came out it was like a movie it was
like a real life movie and the next and that night we drove to west virginia because we had a game the next day
we had a game the next day yeah the storm west virginia unranked playing at home against the
top 10 opponent of course we win the game by the way yukon won yep so you're one and one and one
this trip then no we're we're already two and0 on the trip because we already got a Rutgers victory on the trip.
Then we go.
We drive to West Virginia that night.
Got the dub in West Virginia.
Led the student section in Country Roads.
In the middle of the court?
On the middle of the court.
Yeah, so you guys are like, I mean, this is like.
Did they put a statue of you up outside the university yet?
In my mind, there's already one.
It's the most fun thing we do.
But anyways, that's a long story.
They should retire the raincoats.
Just bring them up to the rafters in those buildings.
So more recently, one thing that you're known for is we just saw behind the scenes of the Riff Raff interview.
You did one with Jose Canseco.
Those are called the what?
Sunday Conversations.
And let's talk about how all that began because those are also a riot.
And it kind of leads back to the thing that you originally did at university
where you were just very comfortable in the moment.
It's kind of like Bo-Rat style.
You're on.
What did you just say?
Bo-Rat.
Bo-Rat?
Well, you know, when you've got to like
Who's that Bo-Rat?
Is that Sasha Barrett Cohen? Bo-Rat. Bo-Rat. Bo-Rat. Bo-Rat. rat well you know when you when you gotta like who's that bow right is that is that yeah sasha
barrett cohen you know where do you but i but i don't like that where when you're you're on you
gotta capture what you have with the time that you have with the person yeah so it's just i mean
it's sunday conversation is just like an interview with celebrities and glenny balls is there who
i hired do you guys know that originally Originally? Initially, right? Yeah. So this is another story, but we just moved to New York City,
and there's probably, I think, 13, 14 employees total at Barstool at this time,
and we're doing intern interviews for the summer.
And so basically Dave was like, hey, you interview them,
because I've always done the interview stuff.
Yes.
Like you interview them and kind of mess with them, and, I'll actually  or Gaz will actually talk to them.
We'll see how they react, shit like that.
Who's good on camera.
And so I've been doing it all day and it's like live on Periscope or whatever.
So one of my boys asked me, he's like, dude, next  and I'm doing everything I can to mess with these people and I'm like running out of ideas.
And one of my boys asked me, he's like, next person who comes in, see if if they're fast like see if you can make them run a race or something I was like all
right next person who sits down is glenny balls about 340 he's an absolute unit absolute unit
and I was like are you fast he's like I am fast I was like are you are you being serious he's like
I'm not fast time wise but for my size i'm fast for
my size i was like let's see it we walked down on the 27th avenue in new york city he we set him up
he ran the entire city block dude's pretty fast for his size so i was like you're hired and we
hired him and that's the origin of glenny balls. And it's been all uphill since then. Oh, dude, his trajectory is he's going for the freaking moon, dude.
Glenny Balls is classic.
Right, but so then you guys end up collabing on this.
And who else have you interviewed other than Jose Canseco and Riff Raff?
We did Deion Sanders, Michael Irvin, Waka Flocka was a funny one.
Yeah, he was good.
We've done a bunch of them.
I'm trying to think.
I don't want to leave anybody out.
And those listening, it's S-U-N-D-A-E, Sunday.
Right, because we couldn't do the Sunday conversation.
The NFL countdown does, so we had to.
And then Glennie Balls is eating a Sunday.
Glennie's eating a Sunday.
Glennie has extra whipped cream.
You also were going to get Wiz Khalifa.
You traveled all the way to L.A., but what, he ghosted you?
Yeah, I mean, that's why I said, if you schedule something with Wiz Khalifa. You traveled all the way to L.A., but he ghosted you? Yeah.
I mean, that's why I said if you schedule something with Wiz Khalifa,
did you even really schedule anything?
But we had to go through. Until he was there, you never had anything.
I had to go through.
You wouldn't believe the process I had to go through to get on Wiz Khalifa's calendar.
I had to talk to four different people who were all repping him in some different way,
get all my questions approved, which I had never done and will never do again.
And then like they're telling me what I can, can't ask.
I have to promote like five different products he's trying to sell.
And then we finally show up.
We got the crew there.
We fly out.
Me to L.A., Glenny Balls to L.A., camera guy to L.A., hire out the full production staff.
We got to get an Airbnb because they're like, yo, he doesn't do interviews unless he can smoke and it has to be legal it can't be like getting
him in trouble so we can't just do it normally we do it in a hotel conference room we had to get an
airbnb and then when the interview started by the way we had to order all his products to be there
so we're ordering like i'm not even gonna say what they are but we had to order all these different
things to come to the house or they're there so we promote them like I'm not even going to say what they are but we had to order all these different things to come to the house
so they're there
so we can promote them
like they're like
set up all our sponsors
and shit
yeah right
and we don't do that either
but I was begging the people
at Barstool's like
listen if we get Wiz Khalifa
that will be so good
and we'll do a good job with it
that other people
will want to do it
and it will be
it's worth their ads
and then
the interviews are like
3 o'clock
and at like 3.04
they text like
Wiz Khalifa don't want to show he's not coming no way he don't want to come whoever you were dealing with and then at the interviews at like three o'clock and at like 304 they they text like whiz khalifa
don't want to show he's not no way he don't want to whoever you were dealing with um like leading
up to this interview on his team had you heard from him like that morning or were you kind of
like once three o'clock came like this might not happen oh it was like approved that's what i'm
saying i had to go through like a litany of of process so in your mind this is three o'clock
we're doing it there's oh yeah dude and i had to like brutal and i andany of processes. So in your mind, this is 3 o'clock, we're doing it.
That was a shock. Oh, yeah, dude.
And I had to like.
And I knew it was a big one.
So the part that really hurt was like usually I put in time to like think about when we're asked.
Oh, for sure, man.
But this one, I really, you know, really was like, all right, I'm really going to go balls out on this one.
It was going to be really funny.
And he just didn't show up.
And then you were like, get me Mia Khalifa then.
That's dirty.
That does suck, man. You put in all that legwork.
Especially like, boss was like,
Airbnb, that's pot friendly. What the fuck
are we doing here? So what does Wiz Khalifa
owe us? The interview
of Sunday's conversation. Or a spin
chicklets appearance. Or a round on 51
strokes. He's worn a Penguins jersey before I've
seen. He's probably a big fan.
I've watched the Sunday conversation.
They're hilarious.
Now, the athletes you do, do they have any idea that you're, you know,
basically sort of doing a character type thing,
or are they just learning on the fly?
You guys have probably seen this.
Well, yours is a little different with Spin Shakeless
because people probably know you, especially like in the hockey world.
People probably already know you guys.
But with the interviews I've done, experience is that you know you're not getting to a big star unless you
go through their people like big stars have teams of people behind them that you just have to get
approved by unless you're just personal friends with the person so we have to send examples i
don't say like i don't be like hey i'm gonna come and fuck with the guy yeah but we have to send
examples of the prior episodes a lot of people just will immediately say no we don't say, like, I don't be like, hey, I'm going to come and fuck with the guy. But we have to send examples of the prior episodes.
A lot of people just will immediately say, no, we don't want to do this.
But the people who do say yes, I found that.
We send them examples.
They're watching them.
They never make it to the person.
So it's like the person himself, the celebrity himself.
Doesn't get the chance to say.
Never sees it.
Never knows what's coming.
And then so basically, yeah, you do have a clean slate every time where they have no
idea what's coming because they just either they're not getting it shown to them or they
just don't care.
Do you have like a white whale?
Yeah, that's what I was going to ask.
It used to be Fat Joe.
The rapper?
Yeah, dude.
Who would be awesome?
What's his song?
You can't get Fat Joe, dude.
I feel like you're bigger than Fat Joe.
Bigger than Fat Joe? I don't know much about rap. Maybe that's a crazy dude. I feel like you're bigger than Fat Joe. Bigger than Fat Joe?
I don't know much about rap.
Maybe that's a crazy call.
That's like Glenny Balls of Rap.
No, he is the Glenny Balls of Rap.
Is Fat Joe huge?
Oh, I bet you he is.
Oh, Make It Rain?
Yeah, that's a jam.
Not a rap guy.
But the reason why I wanted Fat Joe was because at the time when I selected him as my white
whale, he had done Make It Rain
and he just left the rap game
like he didn't do one more song
after that. That's probably why I don't know
much about Fat Joe. And I was like, dude, what happened to this guy?
And he had no allegations. He didn't have
any type of bad story.
Kind of like Mace did, but then he came
back. And I was like, what's going on
with this guy? I want to be the one who breaks
that story. But then before I could get to him he dropped another song which was all the way up which
also turned out to be like the best song of all time wow that's right yeah he didn't miss
wait so so why did you so it because he came out with another jam you don't want him as bad anymore
what is now i know where he is yeah the story i really just want him to find out what he was doing and where he is so who's the guy now
who's the guy
I would say Drake would be
I mean that would be pretty good
I don't know what do you guys think
I just imagine you with like The Rock
cause I feel like he could like
fuck around back
I've hit The Rock with a line of questioning before
oh really
I caught him on a red carpet
I popped my top
and I was like dude do you know anything I could
be doing for my deltoids?
Because I'm not seeing the results I want to see.
What'd he say?
What's he all about?
I bet you he answered.
Yeah, he was so, he was so, dude, he didn't throw him off at all.
Like, he's just so honest.
Oh, he is.
He laughed and he.
How long, how long you been growing that coif?
I haven't had short hair since college.
Probably freshman year of college, probably almost 10 years.
You get it cut to keep it trim?
You've got to cut the ends because...
You'll learn this.
No, biz will go straight up in the air.
Who are you talking to, R.A.?
You've got to cut the ends, man, or it starts looking bad.
Other than the golf thing, is there anything that you really want to do?
Like, what's next?
That's it.
How addicting is golf, man?
It's all I care about in the entire world.
It's fucking crazy.
So you're not...
There's zero...
There's zero act here.
You love golf.
I love golf more than anything else.
How about, like, so people say you get the bug.
Have you heard that saying you get the bug?
Yeah.
But a lot of people have told me,
oh, dude, I felt exactly like you did,
which I believe it's like...
I felt exactly like you did. It's the greatest game in the world. How could you not? And a lot of people just don me oh dude i felt exactly like you did which i believe it's i felt exactly like it's the greatest game in the world how could you not and a lot of
people just very frustrating but i'm not even at the point where it's frustrating because whenever
i hit it i don't expect you're in the best you're in the best part of golf looking back when you
start just playing and getting better it's like nothing's better because you'll hit shitty shots
and then that one shot you're like what like i, I need to be back here tomorrow morning after that shot.
Yeah, see, most of my shots are like that, so I don't ever expect the good ones.
I told Caleb, man.
I'm more like just happy when I get a good one.
I told him a buddy of mine, James Driscoll, one of the most interesting cats in the world.
He played on tour for close to 10 years.
He lost in two playoffs in the PGA Tour, But he's been an awesome player his entire life.
Lost to USAM, final match.
He's like, how do I play golf with Caleb Presley?
So he said to me the other day, I go, Caleb?
I text him, I go, go play medalist with this guy.
He's all into teaching you how to get better and playing with you.
So I think you're going to just be dialed in, dude.
I think you're going to be set with the right people.
Chris Como and pros wanting to play with you.
You're going to get pretty nasty pretty quick.
I can't wait to get you in a sandbagger
eventually. Maybe when you get better.
What do you think the chances are that I go
pro? And be honest with me, should we be straight?
Less than zero. Less than zero?
I think golf's like the one sport, like
not only do you have to be like unbelievable,
but there's also only how many
guys on tour? 200 guys?
Okay, guys, let's not... Okay, golf might
be the hardest sport, but it is not the most guys. Golf might be the hardest sport,
but it is not the most competitive sport.
It's the hardest sport, I think, to make money
at in the world. Listen,
it might be the hardest sport
in terms of skill, what it takes to be
an actual good golfer. What sport's harder to make money?
The whole planet
plays it, and there's fucking not that many.
That's not true. That's what I think. I was
going through this the other day. By the way, I'm not discrediting i'm not discrediting no no what part does when you're a little kid
how many little kids want to grow up and be now where i'm from they want to grow up and be a
quarterback or not a basketball player or basketball yeah you want to be a point guard or
whatever but no kid or very few kids i would say their first original goal is to be a professional
golfer i think so way more than you think.
I think there's so many kids like that.
Yeah, so many, but probably, what, a fourth of the amount that want to be a professional basketball player, football player?
Yeah, but there's teams where there's teams with 20 spots on a team.
Instead of calling it a team, instead of calling it  because if you look at a sport like football, football is a game you have 11 players, but really everyone's playing a different sport almost.
So you have five offensive linemen who are relatively playing the same sport.
You have four wide receivers who are relatively playing the same sport,
a running back who's playing a sport by himself,
and a quarterback who's playing a sport by himself.
They're not in the same game to the different positions.
So let's call it an NFL quarterback.
So QB's harder to make as a living.
That's definitely true. I'll give you that.
And so I think most kids, and this is where I'm from in North Carolina, want to grow up and be a quarterback.
And I would say that there's a fourth or less who want to grow up and be a professional golfer.
So the pool, the 32 professional quarterbacks, is the most competitive position in sports, I think.
But golf, while the game might be harder itself, the skill level it takes to be successful is not even close to the most competitive in terms of the initial pool of people who wanted to be pro compared to the final amount who actually turned out to be pro.
Well, yeah, the numbers in terms of like youth football.
Yeah, but kids don't stop playing because they don't like the game.
They stop playing because they're not good enough.
What?
Football?
Well, anything.
Football, basketball.
I stopped playing basketball competitively
not because I didn't want to be an NBA.
Whereas golf, you can play
for life. That's the problem with trying to
become a really good pro golfer.
These guys aren't going anywhere.
It's not like they... You don't really ever run
out of... You have your prime to win major
championships, but the guys on senior tour
are making bank every year.
And I said, I'll do senior tour. Pro, year and i said i'll go i'll do senior
tour pro that actually three rounds is more your style let me ask you a question has there ever
been a guy to not play in the pga to qualify for the senior pga and live oh yeah definitely i played
with this guy who was an amateur till he's 50 years old and he went to tour senior tour qualifying
school because he wanted to try to be able to monday qualifies into tournaments he didn't even want to be a pro he was just like i want to be able to Monday qualifies into tournaments.
He didn't even want to be a pro.
He was just like, I want to be able to just try to get into any tournament I want on Mondays.
Literally, no, he got through tour qualifying school,
and he's been on the senior tour for 12 years.
Making bank?
Making good money, yeah.
Has he won?
Yeah, he's won.
It's crazy.
The game's fucked.
That's why I shouldn't say less than zero, Caleb.
You never know.
You never, ever know.
But right now, you're fighting a serious uphill battle. I know that. fucked that's why like i shouldn't say less than zero caleb you never know you never ever know but
right now you're fighting a serious uphill battle that's i know that but that's what you're in it
for but think about it i'm already almost doing it hey you're you're selling ad reads while talking
about golf you're kind of a professional the biggest golf podcast i live legit i have one
of the one of the biggest golf podcasts i liveit. I have one of the biggest golf podcasts.
I live in the golf mecca now.
I just moved here so I could be in this world.
Yeah, you're going to join a track?
I would like you to come to Scottsdale for a month, and I will train with you because I got to get better at golf as well for obvious reasons.
I think I've been a bit of an anchor to our sandbagger team.
I'll collab with you.
We could do some golf stuff.
I would love to.
Maybe we can even
Dude, I suck.
I want to reiterate.
I suck at golf. Everyone does when they start. everyone does when they start everyone does at the beginning i don't even
know if you would say that's a guy who sucks now but has a chance if you saw me play you might just
be like no i saw your action i think you're i think you're gonna be good soon so you're not
living on a course down here no i'm not living on a course i don't know if i'm gonna say i don't
know if i'm gonna live here full time.
I'm going to live here now, but in the summertime, it might be too hot to be here.
I'm going to go where the golf is.
Dude, you're from North Carolina, summertime at Pinehurst?
That's what I'm saying.
So maybe the summertime, maybe I'm in Pinehurst.
I'm going where the golf is.
It's like you're not following the sun.
You're following the Pro V1.
Ooh, shit. The TaylorMade 51. It's like you're not following the sun, you're following the Pro V1. Ooh, shit!
The TaylorMade 51.
That's correct. Or TaylorMade Podcast.
You idiot! Yeah, the TaylorMade 51.
Shout out to our blades. Yes, sir. And I started
with blades because I, you know,
gotta hit the ball pure. Alright, I'll see you on the
PGA Tour. Anything else, guys?
Another thing you've done is,
with Roan, we mentioned before, is victory parades
for teams who win titles.
And you did the World Cup when France took it down, right?
In 2016?
Yeah.
So we basically, the idea is you want to be there the night in the city when the celebration is happening.
Capture that.
The problem with doing it is you don't know where to go.
I know.
Well, yeah.
How did you decide?
Who did they play that year? Germany? It wasn't Germany. It to go. I know. Well, yeah, who'd they play that year, Germany?
It wasn't Germany, it was Croatia, I think.
So you just had to decide, we think France is going to win.
Right, so we've done NBA championships, we've done Stanley Cup,
we won the Stanley Cup, we were in Washington,
we've done NFL, we've done college, so we've done it all.
And almost, in fact, every single time, undefeated, when we've went to place, me and Roan, they've won.
So everyone's always like, oh, they're going to be at the championship parade, but they don't think about the fact that we had to choose out of the two teams where we were going, and we are 6-0.
What?
Never lost.
A lot more difficult than World Cups.
So storm chasing and this, you have what, one loss?
I think storm chasing, we have like three overall losses out of like,
I think we were like four and three storm chasing, and we're 6-0.
Damn.
That's a tag team squad right there.
Philly looked insane.
Hold on.
What happened in France, though?
Oh, well, France.
So when we go to France, everyone's warning us.
It's in Paris.
Everyone's warning us, like, hey, this is a big  a lot of people gathered in Paris.
And Paris has had a few problems with some terrorist attacks.
This is actually a high-danger thing.
Just be careful.
And so when you hear that, you can't really put that out of the back of your mind,
especially when you walk around these huge groups of people.
And then we were walking down. This is on our way to the people the game has started we're walking to where everyone's
viewing it and all of a sudden people just start screaming in the streets and running directly at
us away from something that's a panic the feeling we i had oh my god and then all of a sudden we
saw smoke flying and then we And then we just took off.
This is on video, too.
Our video guy, Donnie.
Who was it?
The Barstool guy?
Yeah, Chef Donnie.
Chef Donnie was your video guy for this?
Yeah, Chef Donnie was cameras up, so we have footage of this.
We just started taking off.
We couldn't figure out what was going on.
And then we figured out that we were getting smoke bombed by the police who was trying to crowd control and so everyone's screaming because everyone's getting smoke bombed and after
that happened the rest so you were trying to do these interviews and you're trying to be like
light and funny and stuff dude after that happened i was shook for the rest of the time i couldn't
even really yeah that's not like you're not enjoying your job at that moment you're just
like looking around and yeah whereas philly looked like just pure jubilation, out of control.
But, dude, Paris did it way better because what actually happened was
so Paris partied at a smooth rate for like two days.
Okay.
Philly partied at a high-intensity interval.
They're binge partiers.
HIT workout, they made it for like 45 minutes.
Yeah, and it was over, dude.
They broke into Macy's.
I think a lot of people got arrested.
Someone ate horse poop.
Oh, Jesus.
That was when the Eagles won it?
Yeah.
Oh, my goodness.
That's something I can't watch.
Yeah, so, but no, Paris did it right.
They were partying.
Three days later, people were still in the street.
Did you guys talk them into eating horse poop?
No.
Dude, we were in Philly.
This guy might have been eating horse poop regardless, you know?
They were looting stores.
Like, dude, this is your city.
You just did something for your city, and you're literally tearing it down.
How was France?
Just come back.
Outside of the work stuff.
Did you like
Oh, it was great.
We were at Boudabin.
I don't know if you guys know Boudabin.
But, you know, he alwayswe had to look for the tobacco stores.
Oh, yeah.
So I don't know.
Boudabin, i never met or if
i did it was very brief and i listened to dave show and he talks like he loves buddha ben but
he left and you guys were boys with him like was that hard for you like why did he end up no i mean
yeah it was we missed i missed buddha ben he was just it's just better for his life or whatever
was going on he wanted to do his own thing he was like i want to and he loved barstool and i think
that's why dave licensed because he like i love barstool i think he gave everyone gifts on his
way out and he was a super he is still a super intense personality and lives for smoking weed
right that's all that's all he likes to do is smoke weed yeah sometimes he doesn't give you
a heads up when he rolls up with those tobacco papers and then you feel like you get the bedspins
some minutes later yeah exactly so yes exactly so but anyways he's he's a great guy, but he just wanted to do his own thing.
Music videos.
He's like doing art and stuff now.
He might be in the NFT game.
I think he bought some Bitcoins.
You guys got Bitcoins?
No, dude.
I actually, when Bitcoin became a thing, right before my son was, right after my son was born.
So it was like December 2017.
My brother came over.
He said, you got to get this Bitcoin.
You got to get this Bitcoin thing.
I'm like, what?
So I looked.
And I had like 10 grand or whatever.
And that wouldn't have got me one Bitcoin.
I had 10 grand in this account.
I was like, I'm not getting this if it's not, if I can't have like one.
Like I don't want like 0.8 of something.
I still don't even.
So he's like, all right, buy Ethereum.
So I put 10 grand of Ethereum.
And I was like, whatever.
He's like, just wait for a couple years.
And then like two years later, maybe a year ago, I looked and the 10 grand was worth like 900.
I'm like, what the fuck is this?
I texted him.
And then randomly, just fucking probably in the last two months, I looked.
The 10 grand is 29,000 now.
So whatever is going on with Ethereum and Bitcoin and all that shit, I don't know.
But I'm kind of all in.
Yet still now, that doesn't get, but I'm kind of all in.
Yet still now, that doesn't get me enough to buy one Bitcoin.
I still can't get the one Bitcoin. One, you should have sold.
Less Bitcoin, yeah.
Sounds like an avatar shit.
Two, I don't know.
I just don't understand it, but I know it went back down, and when it went back down, obviously that would have been the time to buy it.
But talking to a couple guys who play in the National Hockey League who were like Instagram storing it i was like where do you think this is going i don't want to woods miles woods oh was he
yeah he was he was instagram storing i said where do you think this going he goes i think no less
than five hundred thousand dollars a coin i would agree with that what my guy this is actually my
so i'm not really a huge this is this is a weird thing but i'm not a huge hockey fan but i'm
actually like the number two biggest Islanders fan.
Oh, you like the Islanders?
That's our least favorite team.
He's number one.
I give credit where credit's due, but I'm probably number two or three.
What made you love the Isles?
Well, I'm friends with, I got to meet Brock and Letty.
Okay.
And so I just root for them because of those guys.
But Brock is super into Bitcoin too.
And so I think he has a lot of Bitcoins.
Is it Brock Nelson?
Brock Nelson.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So he's big into it already?
Oh, yeah, dude.
It's everything I own.
Everything I own is in Bitcoins.
Come on.
No shit.
It's like some people are like, well, the experts say put 2 in.
Can you use it as like an ATM or if you need to take some of the Bitcoin out, like 0.01 of the Bitcoin?
No, dude.
Why would you?
Think about what you just said.
If you just went from 10 grand to 29 grand in two years, think about two more years.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
But like-
Three years even, dude.
I'm saying whatever you make and put away, you can't touch.
When can you touch it?
You can touch it whenever you want to.
I know.
Why would you?
Never. This is the thing, you can't touch. When can you touch it? You can touch it whenever you want to. I know. Why would you? Never.
This is the thing that people don't get.
Bitcoins, they say, and I'm a sucker for like any type of, basically you guys could convince me anything right now.
I'm pretty much a sucker.
Yeah, I'm a pretty good seller of Bitcoin.
But you, yeah.
No, I know nothing about it though.
They say, the experts say, eventually Bitcoin will be the world
reserve currency so you don't got to
sell it so then you'd
be like fucking king of the mountain dude
if you already are in this game this early and it
becomes the world's currency
I'm either going to be the king of the mountain or
a struggling golf pro
living in a trailer I think it's very
hard for people to justify right now
given it's gone so high so quick but also considering it did go to i think 20 to 25 000 at one point and then
it went back down to 3 000 yeah so people were like oh shit okay we predicted the volatility
they saw the volatility and then it's made that other group of people weary of it but the people
who stuck with it i think will definitely be rewarded.
It's just hard for me to,
it's like,
oh man,
55 grand or whatever.
You don't have to get,
you don't got to get the whole coin.
Oh,
you don't have to.
Oh no,
no,
no.
Whole coin.
That's for rich guy stuff.
You just got to get in as much as you can.
I say,
I got bitcoins.
That doesn't mean I got bitcoins.
We have this guy who falls.
I just got everything I have inside.
Like quarters.
We have,
you know, less than you guys, but we have one guy who follows everything i have inside like quarters of we have like
you know less than you guys but we have one guy who listens to the podcast he actually donated
10 grand to the echl player relief fund just because he's a you know a solid follower i think
his name's wealth theory on on twitter but i i read all this guy i think you follow wealth yeah
so he he was like he's been bullish on it bullish on a, bullish on it. I DM with him every now and then.
I'm like, what do you, he's got, I think, 66 coins right now.
He says, I want to get to 100 coins.
And I think he's got a cost base probably around 30 grand.
So like at this point, I'm like, okay, I think this guy's laughing.
It's just, I don't know.
I don't know.
At this point in time, I still think the strong value is in land.
People might think I'm crazy because it's tied to taxes.
And, you know, the government essentially
owns a slice of it.
I don't know.
The Bitcoin is...
I don't know dick all about investing.
I mean, I'll say about Twitter,
people like,
if you need to like,
pass you series seven
to talk about fucking investing
on Twitter,
the way people chirp at you.
I just feel like
there's someone's going to get
left holding the bag at some point.
Like everyone's buying in.
That's how I feel.
It's almost like there's,
I don't want to say
pyramid element to it, but like people just buying in. At some point, someone's going in that's almost like this i don't say pyramid
element to it but like people just buying it at some point someone's gonna get fucked now i think
the whole thing is like either pawn you i was off i get other people involved and again i don't know
a ton about it so here's another question someone's gonna get screwed at some point here's another
question are they gonna have to print more of it at some point like and like you farm it like all
you mine it i've read this thing that in edmonton
like they'll put that's why that's why people like it because you can't you can't create more
bitcoin there's only so many of that's why people like it because there's only so you can create
more zero percent chance zero that's the one they're on their way to 21 million so there's
like 18.5 million created now in like 100 years there will be 21 million and that's it i think
every 10 minutes six new ones come out.
See, that's just so weird to me.
So those farms now, it's too late to get involved in that.
Bitcoin is the most secure one.
They're creating these other ones.
That's why you had the-
It's so crazy.
Yeah.
I don't even like, it's like outer space.
Someone tweeted, it's basically like running electricity 24-7 so you can fucking trade
the heroin on the internet.
So that's another element that I've heard negatively
about it is the fact that it takes so much
energy in order to create them.
Obviously, you're telling me, well, to this degree
it's going to stop at one point,
but that's not saying all these other farms
aren't going to keep going.
So people are concerned about the damage
it's going to cause to
the environment.
I don't know a lot about it
other than you have your entire net worth in it.
Well, dude, we had a guy hired at Barstool
named Bitcoin Marty.
I don't know if you remember him.
He works at one of the mining companies now.
Oh, okay.
Dude, he's probably worth like a quadrillion dollars.
He actually...
You should interview him on Sunday.
He convinced me to buy my first amounts of Bitcoin in 2017 when the bubble was happening, right at the end of it.
So I think I bought when it was like  I don't want to say it was like 12,000, 15,000.
It goes up to 17,000.
I lost all my money, right?
It goes down to 3,000 or something.
And then he got fired at Barstool.
He actually didn't get fired.
For doing that to everyone?
He took a new job, but in my mind, I thought Dave got rid of him because he lost everyone so much money.
Because Dave had bought in, Big Cat had bought in, I bought in.
Yeah, that's tough.
Did they sell?
Did those guys sell?
No, I think everyone still had them.
But it's like they had no value anymore.
And so he left.
I thought it was because he got fired.
In my mind, it was because he got fired.
Turns out, after the fact, he actually took another job at a mining company.
But when it was so down, I texted him.
I was like, dude, I felt bad for him.
I was like, this guy got fired.
He was giving everybody bad financial advice.
Yeah, he felt bad.
I liked the guy a lot.
I was like, dude, let's get up and get a beer.
We go get a beer in New York City.
And this is when it's like three grand.
He's like, so what are you
Three grand for a beer?
No, for the next Bitcoin. I was like, dude dude what are you doing now the bitcoin's over like now the
bitcoins is over like what is your life so your whole life was bitcoin like you know he's like
dude the fundamentals of bitcoin have never been stronger he's like this is what are they at now
50 grand he at the at that it was three at that but that's when he told me, he's like, you got to get in, bro.
This is the time to get in.
And I believed him again.
I bought the dream again.
How many Bitcoin did you buy at that point?
I mean, I think I bought one Bitcoin at that point.
But still, you got to think, like, it had just crashed.
Yeah, you just lost money.
And again, like I said, it was everything I had.
So, I mean, you guys play professional hockey. Three grand was, that was my go-out fund. That was my, it was everything I had. So, I mean, you guys play professional hockey.
ThruGan was, that was my go-out fund.
That was my, that's all I had.
That was your golf fund.
Hey, congratulations.
So now.
Sounds like a time to sell.
Yeah, right, right, right.
Well, buddy, this was fun, man.
It's been a cool ride watching you just fucking rocket ship through the media game.
This is just one of the many awesome personalities that Barstool has to offer.
I know we have a massive Canadian following.
We like to collab.
We did it with Roan.
We're now doing it with Caleb.
There's more.
Donnie does at some point, I'm sure, will come on.
There's just so many amazing personalities.
So check it all out, and thank you for joining us.
Any Twitter handles, Instagram handles you want to help out with?
He's still talking to his fans right now, right?
You've got to sign off for 51 Strokes.
Yeah, of course I will.
Mine is Caleb Presley, just all of them are.
And then for my fans at 51 Strokes who have been listening this whole time,
maybe I'll ask you guys one question before we leave.
Who gets the most credit?
I know it's named after one of you guys. But who gets the most credit? I know it's named after one of you guys, but who gets the most credit?
Who takes the most credit, I should say, for Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam, Vodka?
I travel colleges for a living.
Let's say Deirdre Lest.
No, I take 1.
1 of the credit?
Yeah.
Or 1 of the overall revenue? No, I take 1. 1 of the credit? Yeah. Or 1 of the overall revenue?
No, I take 1 of credit, but it's a big 1.
Do you feel slighted in how you've been compensated for this huge...
Oh, God, no.
So we only do juicy questions on my podcast.
God, no.
I don't feel slighted one bit.
I think everybody deserves credit, because it's like, if it's not for Barstool getting
us the presenting sponsorship, and that's Deirdre Lester, who's probably the one who lined that one up and I'm sure of it.
She's the best, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean Erica and for all of them for elevating the company to the point where we could even get a presenting fucking sponsorship.
For RA, for Grinelli and for helping elevate the podcast.
My wife and Biz were the final two.
She was like, why don't you try to make this drink
after he'd been saying it for weeks?
I'm like, if they're both saying it,
we got to try this.
The reason I ask is because
I travel colleges as part of my job.
I still do it.
I'm 28 and I'm still going to colleges
almost every weekend
because I'm living the dream.
They're in football season.
I got to do the college football stuff.
So this is the number one drink
that people who,
it doesn't matter if they know Barstool,
they're hockey fans, if it's just some- Oh, they don't know what the pot is a lot of times.
Some do, some don't.
But this drink is every college-
What was your shot in college when you do shots, if you had one usual one?
Like mine was like Jaeger.
What was yours?
I like the pickle back, but I know it's controversial, but I did.
Okay, so is that a whiskey shot with pickle after? At the end of it, yeah. Oh, I like the pickle back, but I know it's controversial, but I did. Okay, so is that a whiskey shot with pickle after?
At the end of it, yeah.
Oh, I like that.
Either way, though, if you're looking to just get a nice little buzz,
this is not  Jager and whiskey is like, oh, this is just you just
I don't like it.
Quick, easy.
No bad ass effects.
I like the pickle back.
You do?
I like the pickle juice more than I like the whiskey shot.
You think? I don't know what they forced you to do it.
But yeah, no, it's took it on a mind of its own.
It's been unbelievable.
And yeah, these college kids, this lab dummy,
that's why we need to get them back in fucking class.
Not because of the books.
I need them to fucking butt chugging this shit.
Just get them on campus.
Open up the bars.
We don't come there in class.
Just go to the skiing campus.
Yo, appreciate you guys.
Hey, good luck to you. Thanks so much, Caleb. You too, guys. Cheers. Open up the bars. We don't come there in class. Open up the bars. Just go to the skiing campus. All right. Yo, appreciate you guys. Hey, good luck to you.
Thanks so much, Caleb.
You too, guys.
Cheers.
Thank you very much to Mr. 51 Strokes.
I believe since this interview, boys, he might be Mr. 56 Strokes now.
I think he played again, and it didn't go well.
And I didn't want to be the bearer of bad news because I love that guy.
Caleb's a hell of a guy.
Consider him a friend, but
he has absolutely zero chance
of being a professional golfer.
Maybe he could play in a mini
tour event and say I'm a professional golfer,
but zero
chance. People say, oh, don't crush
his dreams. I'm just a realist. Zero
chance, but I do think
he can get pretty goddamn good
pretty quickly because he's athletic and he's
really into it you get the bug and you have some athletic genes in you which that kid does
he'll be a single digit handicap very quick speaking of single digit handicaps uh we played
a couple good golfers in our most recent sandbagger that is dropping wednesday at 6 p.m. Eastern time.
That's right.
Ryan's, what is he, your long-lost cousin, Ray Whitney?
Yes.
And Mike Commodore.
And, folks, this is going to be a doozy.
We play with them in Arizona.
Finally, the last of our Arizona sandbaggers will be dropping.
Be there in the live chat.
Last time, I think we got up to like what 8,500 people the one before
we were at 11,000 with Jans and Hayes this one there's a lot of chirps flying we're gonna have
a blast get your birdie juice ready Wednesday 6 p.m. Eastern Ray the Wizard Whitney and Mike
Commodore take on myself and my good pal Mr. Whitney. Five and one in our career in the Sandbagger Invitational Biz
leading into Wednesday night.
And I'll say this.
Every guy in that foursome hit some amazing shots.
Three of us hit amazing shots.
Another guy hit a good shot.
And everyone hit some bad shots.
So I think that the way the match played out,
people are going to be into this.
And Commodore, comedian,
Wizard Whitney, smooth as silk.
Take it all in.
Join us, and I'll be there on the live chat.
I'll be chirping. I'll be chirping
the people that are chirping me on the live chat.
But I'm more than anything excited
to share another Invitational because
these things are getting big. More on the
horizon.
Subscribe to the YouTube channel too, baby.
Yeah, subscribe to that shit.
We also got a mini putt video coming out where we went with R.A.
Oh, boy.
We're releasing that, huh?
Yeah, when we drop in that, G, next week?
That will be dropped in the middle of April.
Okay.
That was fun. That golf course, I forget the name off the top of april okay that was that was fun that that golf
course i forget the name of the top of my head but they were great golf course mini golf course
that was uh that was a lot of fun i can't wait to drop that either it was more about the uh the
what do you call it more about the ride than the destination that one i wasn't i didn't care about
winning i just want to have oh yeah oh yeah you're that guy i don't care about winning give him a
trophy did you see me playing? Participation ribbon.
So, folks, Grinnelli said it.
Hey, I stink, so I wasn't trying.
Grinnelli said it.
Subscribe to the YouTube channel.
It means a lot.
We're growing slowly, 166,000 people right now,
and it just helps us out to create more videos for our fans.
So, check us out on YouTube.
All right, boys, before we get to the East,
say goodbye to stressful student loan payments
and take charge of your future with Earnest.
Earnest offers low-rate student loan refinancing,
and you can check your rate risk-free in just two minutes.
With Earnest, you get radically flexible payments,
and you can pick your loan term.
By refinancing, you can reduce your loan term,
save money, or combine multiple loans into one simply monthly payment. And if you have questions,
you can even talk to a real live human at Earnest for help. Isn't it time you stopped
feeling overwhelmed by your student debt? Earnest is offering our listeners a 100 cash bonus.
Refinance your student debt at earnest.com slash chiclets. Terms and conditions apply.
That is E-A-R-N-E-S-T dot com slash chiclets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Once again, you get a 100 cash bonus when you visit earnest.com slash chiclets to refinance your student loan.
Not available in all states.
Terms and conditions apply.
Visit earnest.com slash chiclets for more details. Terms and conditions apply visit earnest.com slash took cuts for more details
terms and conditions apply earnest student loan refinancing made by earnest operations
llc and mls number 1204917 california finance and law license number 6054788 303 2nd Street, Suite 401N, San Francisco, California, 94107.
Visit earnest.com slash slash licenses for a full list of licenses.
All right, that was a mouthful.
Let's move right along to the east.
We had some goings on in the east.
How about Ovi, man?
On an absolute tear.
He's got his 10th goal in his last nine games after scoring eight in his first 21.
Capitals keep rolling along, three in a week.
Ovi has 148
multi-goal games. The next highest
active player is Sid with 84.
That's a huge disparity.
And of players with 700 or more goals,
Ovi has the most goals
per game with a.61.
That's probably the most impressive stat
that he has, Biz. I mean, you look at that
list of goal scores at 700, and
he leads them in goals per game, man. In the
era he's had to play in with goalies getting
as good as he's gotten, I think he's
the greatest goal scorer of all time
just based on how
hard it is to score in today's era.
And that's no insult to Gretzky.
I do think that Ovi is going to play until
he surpasses Gretzky. I do think that Ovi is going to play until he surpasses Gretzky.
And I think the fact that anybody would have touched that record,
if you would have said that coming in,
I would have said you're out of your fucking mind.
It's crazy.
I mean, the Russian gas probably helps, but outside of that.
It is so nuts to think that he might get it i'm not as sure as you
yet but that team what the hell was i doing not picking that team to make the playoffs
what were we what were we on that day biz and like i don't know when when you watch when you watch them play the way they are right now you think that like Pittsburgh I think they'd beat handily I think they'd beat Boston pretty easy
I think their toughest test would be the Islanders as much as it pains me to say because they're so
stingy defensively but Washington right now looks so legit to come out of that that division
I just I just questioned goaltending.
It just hasn't been consistent enough and you know, but, but, but then again,
yeah, everything else is clicking very well. And yeah,
they look like the team to beat right now.
And the fact that you went from them missing playoffs to the,
they're going to handedly win that division. You are a fucking clown, bro.
You're a clown. Hey, Hey, we should sussy you from the pod clown, bro. You're a clown. Hey, hey.
We should sussy you from the pod for a while.
Hey, if we're going on changing opinions,
we're a fucking clown car that show up to the party
and all of us climb out with noses, ears,
and fucking spray-painted hair.
What did I change?
Over the past three years?
You want me to start listing?
Yeah, I want you to.
Give me an episode to do my research.
Okay.
Top of my head is not working as well as I wish it was.
Let's go, baby.
Hold the leaves.
Well, speaking of Ovechkin, the guy who he's been connected to his whole career,
Sidney Crosby, on Thursday versus Buffalo,
Sid reached the 1,300-point plateau when he assisted on Jake Kintzel's goal.
Sid was the eighth fastest
to hit that number doing it in 1017 games played imagine gretzky did it in fucking 539 games
and a couple weeks back gino malkin passed the 1100 point mark he's the 64th play to hit that
just a third russian born play to hit that mark after ovechkin and federoff but as far as the
penguins biz three and oh on the week they're now third in the East. I think their goaltending settled down quite
a bit. This is another team that
looked like shit two, three weeks ago.
And they've turned it on since.
Fucking third in the division. Pretty much
locked in for a spot right now.
Very impressive. And the goaltending's been helping
out, given that they've got a couple
injuries to their lineup. But yeah, just
playing solid hockey
does help that
they ended up playing against buffalo a couple but nonetheless just uh yeah a team that uh you know
after the first i'd say what three weeks i was questioning whether they were going to fucking
trade sid for a bag of pucks to the avalanche so maybe that's what you were looking for with
yeah that's one of the many you just gave me my that'll be like number seven on the list
when i have to come with my list that you've had to change your opinion on different teams and
players the crosby trade for um for uh their their number seventh uh seventh rounder there's not even
a seventh round anymore i don't think and um the assistant coach is dog that was so silly we're silly people uh all right gang yeah there was some more sad
news uh monday we found out uh bobby schmutz he was a member of the fabled lunch pail ac
which was the nickname for the mid to late 1970s boston bruins he passed away peacefully at his
home in arizona at the age of 76 schmutz he played 13 nhl seasons with boston vancouver chicago
edmonton, and the Colorado
Rockies, but he was most known as a member of those great Bruins teams in the mid to late 70s
that couldn't get past the Montreal Canadiens. He was, you know, that was the team basically I
grew up with, Lunch Pail AC, so I want to send my condolences to Bobby's family and friends,
and of course the entire Bruins family, anybody who watched the team in that generation. He was
just a pretty reliable scorer.
I think he got at least 20 goals every year he was in Boston,
part of a couple of those teams that went to the Cup.
So, again, our deepest condolences to anybody who knew Bobby.
He is certainly well-regarded and well-loved here in Boston.
So, speaking of Boston, there's them in New Jersey.
They had a nice little battle Saturday.
Mackenzie Blackwood absolutely owns the Bs,
and New Jersey does too.
They're 4-0 and 1 against the Bruins this year.
Jack Edwards, I get more tweets when the Bruins are playing
about Jack Edwards and the announcer.
I just laugh because I don't pay the guy, so I don't care.
But he went crazy after that no call in the second.
Gee, should we roll it?
Oh, yeah.
This is one of the best clips I've ever heard.
It finds Krejci.
He gets tripped by Zaka.
Obvious trip.
And because it's on a power play, the refs put the whistles away.
I mean, if refereeing is under scrutiny,
look at the last 20 seconds of this period.
You can see David Craig.
He has the same exact emotions that you have, Jack.
I mean, if Bruins got a great opportunity.
That is tripping.
I mean, you know, that's par for the course with Jack,
but you understand in that position, in that situation,
I mean, that was such a blatant trip.
And, you know, it was second period.
I don't know why they didn't call it, but go ahead, Biz.
I know you want to chime in.
No, put him in the Hall of Fame.
Don't induct him.
Just put him in like a part of the Hall of Fame where they can roll all of his clips over and over about how fucking ridiculous he is.
Like that is that's comedy.
I don't care if you like him or not.
That is a comedy clip right there.
Yeah, people can't stand him
i'm starting to get a lot of messages on twitter where almost i could like start a club of people
who cannot stand him like his announcing is it's just ridiculous like that's all i say every time
but i think earlier in that game or another game he started talking about how when his older sister
used to beat him up and how he one day became bigger than her.
And he's like, I remember.
I was like, what the fuck are you talking about right now, dude?
I think he said, like, one day I got bigger than my sister
and then I went and beat her up.
And it's just like, bro, you're on your life.
Dude, Bergeron's on a two-on-one.
Might want to reduce the fucking milligrams on those edibles pregame.
Yeah, so it makes people pissed off.
But I bet you now he knows that he's like a lightning rod.
Unless he's completely insane, he's like playing into a little bit of a character possibly.
I think that's where it might be at at this point.
But it was very animated.
But I will say, though, he wasn't wrong.
It was a blatant trip and in a one nothing game that they ended up losing and then for the second time this season there was a uh end was it
a six on five goal wave back yeah yep the Bruins well thought they scored a six on five goal to tie
the game well they did but it was overturned due to the goaltender interference and it's funny me
and my wife were actually watching the game and Blackwood covered it up with his glove and I think
if the ref was right in front of him,
he would have blown the whistle or at least tried to.
And Krejci knocked it out from under his glove, and they scored.
And I said to my wife, if I'm a goalie, I'm pissed there
because, you know, basically you can't push the guy's pattern
past the goal line, so you shouldn't be able to hit his glove.
And they did the review, and they took the goal down.
And then the Bruins thought they tied it again,
but Blackwood made a huge toe save.
The reviews were inconclusive regarding the puck crossed the line
very reminiscent of the Jake DeBrusque
non-goal earlier where it may well
have been a goal but because the angles
we have, they're inconclusive. That's why we
need cameras inside
the goal post to make this definitive.
Okay. That was
one of the saves of the year, I thought.
Just like the moment the moment and
uh the bruins haven't scored a five on five this goal this year against the devils that's a little
alarming that's like uh i yeah because wedge would shut him out another time this season
and so i think that blackwood's obviously proven this guy i mean you've seen him have games where
he's dominating and he makes it look really easy.
He could be the goalie of the future there.
But the Bruins, more than anything, are just like, oh, we need to score.
I thought Craig Smith was going to be really good.
I don't even know if he has 10 points.
So it's like they need to try to go out.
And it was funny.
I think the  was it Cassidy that said, like,
we need guys to start scoring?
It almost sounded like we need to get some help.
Taylor Hall.
What?
Taylor Hall, that's the name that keeps popping up for the Bruins.
I thought he was going to the Leafs because the salary cap didn't exist anymore.
Because you bleed blue.
Do you think that's a potential landing destination for Halsey?
Possibly. I would say anywhere is potential.
There's so many teams that think they're in it.
There's so many teams that you might thought that were sellers that aren't now.
I don't know where Halsey's going to end up,
but the Bruins need to figure it out.
I will say, though, that Krejci in the playoffs always ups his game,
but you can't just have one line.
It's been proven in the past
every cup winner they don't have one line that they can score there's two and sometimes three
maybe Hoffman depending on what happens when I'm in St. Louis that's another guy you could
probably get a little bit cheaper there was talk yeah you're right you're right I know I saw Joe
Haggerty tweeted out his call on the other day it might have been Sunday that the ask what he's
heard that the ask for for Gettin Hall
was, quote, comical. Like, that's what
I don't know if it was a GM or an assistant GM told him that
basically Buffalo's asking for the moon, but
you know, I think that's part of negotiate. When push
comes to shove, I'm sure they'll deal. I mean, there's no
benefit for them keeping him for the rest of the year, because
they're obviously not going to play off. So
one other note, or two other notes, actually.
Mackenzie Blackwood, that was his seventh shutout.
He's already fourth in shutouts in New jersey devil history after uh marty brodo obviously
cory schneider and johan hedberg the moose they'll tie the moose with his next shutout and ty smith
leads rookies in assist with 17 he's tied in third for rookie points with jimmy stew and his 19 points
lead the team what i know you were high on him early man that kid keeps getting it done
yeah he's really good he's somebody that you know being a first rounder a couple years back it's
like he's it's taking him a little little bit longer but that's totally normal and you can
see that he's the game comes pretty easy to him out there it's somebody that'll the devils are
definitely when they look at like the future he's right there um but the rangers dude i gotta talk about them quickly just because you
talk about defenseman this adam fox yeah oh my god you have to see the clip i'm sure we can of
of when they were they had pulled the goalie against philly on saturday and they're trying
to tie it up he actually made two of the best saves of the season and he was like just first
when he blocked the shot next one he dove like, just first one he blocked a shot,
next one he dove and blocked another one.
Pretty cool clip if you can check that out.
But like offensively, him and Zibanejad just,
Zibanejad, all right, what's the, you texted the group,
the Gretzky, what is it?
Not comparison.
He and Gretzky are the only two guys to have a natural hat trick,
plus three helpers in a game twice.
Mika did it within nine days.
He's also the first to record six plus points in consecutive games played
against one opponent within a regular season.
Owns the Flyers.
Oh my goodness.
And I called.
Hey, he was, he was struggling offensively too.
Like the last like three games he's had,
he's like right back on pace to where he was last year kind of thing. So's like right under the radar like oh yeah there's your year in in a week span
biz how about guys when they like are maybe off to a slow start and they're they're looking and
they're thinking all right a couple maybe a couple two-point games all of a sudden i'm right there
like you don't figure for 12 points throughout two games no i know it wasn't in a row but still
it's like those two games boom yeah you're right your numbers are right where they should be
yeah i i thought i think i said back to back it was i think it was back-to-back games against the
flyers yes the flyers whole while brutal but i actually just going back to the fox clip i i
actually retweeted that and called the puck line teases because fucking three times, if you had the Flyers on the puck line, man,
and three separate times he blocked the shot, that's infuriating.
Fortunately, I wasn't there.
But, yeah, talk about not getting it done.
Philadelphia Flyers, man, their goaltending struggle.
And they did start the bleeding on Sunday for now,
but this is a team that's in disarray.
I don't think they're going to fire Vigneault.
He's only in his second season.
But you take a look at the goaltender numbers here.
Both guys are under 900
percentage. Elliott's at an 8-9-2.
Carter-Hart's at an 8-6-9 with a
4-0-4. Goals against.
I think people are going to start asking
did they go too quick?
Did they thrust him into this role too quick?
He's been getting worked hard in practice.
Vigneault had a quote about basically, yeah, he's going to
work harder in practice. He's a young kid. He probably will find, he's going to work harder in practice. So he's a young kid.
He probably will find his way out of it.
But in the meantime, Philly's just a frustrating team right now, Biz.
They got back-to-back games against the Sabres,
so they'll be right back on track.
So we could just glance over this.
Somehow there's more pressure on them than Buffalo
and in a 17-game losing streak.
That's true.
Now, at this point, you cannot be the team that the Sabres beat.
Oof.
Dude, I still haven't got some juicy puck lines at Buffalo.
Because they're going to win eventually, you know what I mean?
I mean, they're not going to lose every game for the rest of the season.
No, no.
But, like, if you start gambling on them, it could be another six.
Oh, let me find it.
I saved it here
somewhere the basically that someone said if you started betting them a hundred dollars every game
back oh here it is right here on february 25th if you bet a hundred dollars on the new jersey
devils at minus 120 to beat the sabers then two days later took that 183 dollars and bet the flyers
at minus 170 then continued to bet each Sabres opponent all the way to today.
And then this tweet was posted March 27th.
Then you would currently have 74,961.
Like, you know,
nobody's realistically going to bet 17 games in a row against the team and
let it ride like that. Cause eventually you're going to fucking lose,
I think, but that's hilarious.
The idea you can put a hundred in and turn into 74,000.
Wow. That's a good little
stat whoever crunched those numbers jesus christ you should be an accountant yeah let me i actually
uh at andy proven uh shout out to him i'm not sure if he's a fan of the show but we're gonna
oh shit that's coming up soon fuck did they extend it this year i thought he's like uh
you're gonna get audited yeah uh granite cut this
all right yeah we we picked on the on the fucking buffalo sabers enough so we don't need to do it Like, you're going to get audited. Yeah. Grinnell, you cut this.
All right. Yeah, we picked on the fucking Buffalo Sabres enough,
so we don't need to do it again this week.
But one thing that can be complicated is insurance,
and that's why The Zebra was created.
When you use TheZebra.com,
insurance finally feels like it's in black and white.
No more confusion, just honest rates from real companies.
The Zebra is the nation's leading insurance comparison site for car and home insurance.
They can help you save money today.
It's so easy.
Go to thezebra.com and answer a few questions to compare accurate insurance quotes for free.
And don't worry, the Zebra protects your personal info and makes sure there are no
hidden fees or surprises along the way. The best part, you can secure your insurance from thezebra.com
or over the phone from one of their licensed insurance agents. How much money can you save
on car or home insurance? Visit thezebra.com slash checklets to find out. That's T-H-E-z-e-b-r-a.com slash chiclets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s for insurance in black and white
all right game we also had some ncaa action this weekend holy shit uh saint cloud i'm sorry
north dakota minnesota duluth played the longest tournament game ever saturday night it went five
overtimes before duluth won three to2. They thought they won it earlier
in the game. They had an apparent game
goal overturned. Play was off sides.
Just been a phenomenal game.
I texted you guys late. Were you guys up watching it?
No, I couldn't see it. Coyote was playing.
I did not make it the entire game.
To wake up
though and see that it ended up going
that long, you almost wish you hung in there
and were able to catch the whole thing. i so i think if you if you'd ended up watching the whole thing
and you're a north dakota fan it's just so heartbreaking right to have it go down like
that especially for guys who's that'll be their last game ever but at least they have two weeks
to rest i don't know if you guys saw the clip uh dul goalie Ryan Fante he went over to console the opposing goalie
Adam Shield
I think he's not supposed to be shaking
hands because the ref was trying to push him away but he made sure
he went out of his way because he felt bad
for his goalie and it was
pretty cool to see that the sportsmanship
compassion, empathy, whatever you want to call it
and what was funny
Fante actually replaced
Zach, I don't know how to pronounce the name, Stagecall.
He was in the fourth overtime.
The dude started cramping up.
He had made 57 saves.
He had to leave the game in the fourth overtime.
I'd never seen that before.
So this kid's here.
Just like you are, right?
Here's to coming to Ice Cold.
What's up, G?
I gave you guys three teams to look out for before the tournament started.
I said Wisconsin, BC, Minnesota.
Wisconsin got bounced first game.
BC got advanced because of COVID, then lost, and then Minnesota lost.
So I'm an absolute mush, yes.
None of them won a game?
No.
No, well, Minnesota won a game, but then they ended up losing after.
Oh, my God.
Just a joke.
I'm a joke of a human.
There's our college hockey expert right there, Mike Grinnell.
Yeah, a great game.
And then funny, too, North Dakota tied it with two six-on-five goals, too.
There was a lot of drama in that game.
Unfortunately for Michigan and Notre Dame,
both of those teams had to withdraw due to COVID-related shit.
That sucks for all the kids who are busting their balls,
especially the seniors.
They get to this point, and then one guy was COVID or COVID-adjacent,
and it all blows up.
So you feel bad for those guys.
The Frozen Four, however, is set.
It'll be Zoom Ass and three teams from Mini,
although I was corrected by the coach on Twitter today.
He said it's New Mass Jeans.
What's the deal with that?
It's New Mass.
It's something Carvel started a few years ago.
I always used to tweet this out hard.
So I'm not going to say I'm the reason for it,
but I definitely think I'm a big part of it, but it's, it's carved.
UMass used to be the laughingstock of hockey East.
And I know Whit can attest to that. And now they're, they're the Kings.
I mean, they run hockey East, they're hockey East champions this year.
And they're one of the best teams in the country for the past three or four
years now.
Yeah. And I don't think they have any kids from Massachusetts.
No, I think that's what they started doing, though.
They dropped that whole idea of we need to recruit locally, and they're going after guys like Kale McCarr.
And it's such a fun school.
It's a state school, right?
You go have a weekend there before COVID, right?
You do an official visit.
You're like, oh, boy, the zoo.
I love seeing that they're good
it's i mean college hockey is just so competitive now i don't know if is umass considered a little
bit of an older team like where bc is getting like true freshmen they have some older canadian
kids and stuff yeah umass is definitely an older team they've had this same class for two or three
years now nice yeah i mean if the coach visited umass in the 90s, he'd understand why they call it Zoomass.
I mean, that place is a lot of experimenting going on
if you visited your friends up at UMass back in the day.
We'll leave it at that.
But on April 8th, St. Cloud and Minnesota State play at 5 o'clock,
and then UMass takes on Minnesota Duluth at 9,
and, of course, the winners will play each other on Saturday the 10th.
So crazy.
Three Minnesota teams and one Massachusetts team,
which I guess is appropriate because I believe they're the two states
that produce, if not currently, the most NHL players.
So we'll see what happens there.
Biz, what else you got going on?
Any funky stuff you want to share with the group?
No, going up to Sedona after this.
Going to go hiking with the lady, take a little time off
and enjoy ourselves.
What are you going to chime in with here?
Actually, one other note here.
I want to give a shout out to Detroit Catholic Central's JV team.
Detroit Catholic Central is in the Division I state tournament in Michigan,
which has obviously a lot of great players.
They had a myth that they couldn't play the first two games.
I think it was COVID related.
They had to put the JV team in.
The JV team won the first two rounds until the Varsity got back.
The Varsity ended up winning the Division I state championship. So that's obviously a pretty stacked program if you could throw the JV squad won the first two rounds until the varsity got back. A varsity ended up winning the division one state championship.
So that's obviously a pretty stacked program.
If you could throw the JV squad out there, but pretty cool story.
Craig Custance wrote about it in the athletic, if you want to check it out,
but it was nice.
Shout out to all the whole team,
but particularly the JV squad who kept them afloat.
When I prep for the show, I like to throw like either.
I usually listen to Miles Davis on my headphones.
Cause I can't listen to music with words. Cause it rattles me when I'm for the show, I like to throw like either. I usually listen to Miles Davis on my headphones because I can't listen to music with words because it rattles me when I'm trying to study.
But jazz, I can like just roll around.
If I don't listen to that, then I put on a movie.
Last night I put on, I think it might be one of the most underrated and funniest movies in the last decade.
The Nice Guys with Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe.
Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen it.
I haven't talked about it a lot
and I just threw it on because it's good background shit.
Ryan Gosling, it's one of the
funniest performances in the last fucking
decade. It's so fucking funny.
It's set in Los Angeles in the 70s
and they're both privatized
but their comic chemistry is unreal.
This whole, I'm not going to get into the plot,
it's a little convoluted, but it's on Hulu, man.
Definitely recommend it. Go check it out out it's a fucking hilarious movie the nice guys it's on
is it is it a comedy it's yeah it's i wouldn't call it yeah it's comedy with a little bit of
drama but i mean you laugh your balls off ryan glosland i knew he was funny i didn't know he
was capable of being this funny in a movie is that the handsome guy that was in driver
yes drive yeah our drive yeah he was also
pretty funny in um what's that movie when uh steve carell yeah um great great love yeah crazy stupid
love yeah uh gossling was like the biggest baller in this movie and he was just had some hilarious
chirps on steve carell yeah teaches him how to get laid had him had a dress correctly um flick i i i'm into drive to survive fucking a
people will write about this f1 it is awesome i haven't watched the race i'm not gonna watch a
race till i watch this documentary but i'm into it wipes into it and it's like these guys are like
you think this i was talking to soccer players are like superstar divas.
You gotta see these drivers and like their circuit around the world and
Netflix drive to survive. I don't even care if you hate car racing.
I never liked it. I never knew anything. You will be in,
you will be into the way they produce the show. It's sick.
I've been hearing, yeah, I've been hearing a lot about that.
It's in my queue as well. And if another auto racing movie, it's called senna it's a documentary about uh airton senna he was
he was an f1 driver i believe years ago again i know shit about auto racing don't watch it
i put that doc on it's hands down one of the best sports documentaries one of the best documentaries
i've ever seen let alone sports but if you're looking for like an auto a doc that'll entrench
you check that out in my
octopus teacher when i gave out like a week or two ago biz i've been getting a lot of good feedback
on that a lot of people have watched her huh oh the guy who gets the guy who gets to crush the
octopus a couple days a week it's just yeah top searched been getting some good love what else
biz i know you want to say i got nothing else i else. I'm gassed. I was a long pod.
We had four Coyotes games last week.
I had to work two back-to-backs too.
So I'm going to go enjoy a couple days off here, boys, and check out.
So hopefully everybody enjoys the pod.
Hopefully everybody enjoys the sandbagger with Ray Whitney and Mike Commodore.
And last thing I'll say is subscribe to the YouTube channel, like G said. I have one last thing to say.
I got to shout out my buddy and his new company. It's not that new, but now it's buzzing. Chris Pelletier is a good
friend of mine. He's a Navy SEAL for a long time. True legend what this guy's done in his life.
And when he was finished, finished out and he was finishing up his time in the Navy,
he was working at Bud's school where the, you know, the Navy the navy seals have to get through to become one and he picked up a hobby of refurbishing putters and he's grown this thing into a beast so you got
to check it out for me if you're into like possibly getting your putter redone you got to check out
what they can do they can do anything they can lengthen it they can paint it any color you want
go to siege custom putters it's s-i-e-g-e custom putters and i think if you're a golf fan you'll
love to see what he can do and for what he's done for for our country in the united states i think
it's great it's veteran owned and his buddy he also told me to mention his business partner
his business partner have to mention him as kyle o'hare so these two guys siege custom putters
check it out and um i wanted to shout out my boy
no free outs um actually there was one thing we didn't mention when we were talking about the west
was when um curtis mcdermott touched the red line or must have crossed it a little bit and
curtis gabriel and warm-up gave him a fucking cross check in the back do you guys see that
whole thing play out i thought we talked about that last week, no? No, I think it happened in the meantime.
Oh, really?
Right, R.A.?
Honestly, dude, I'm not sure.
I'm not sure, to be honest with you.
Well, Curtis Gabriel and Dermot ended up fighting,
and Dermot fed him his lunch,
and this Curtis Gabriel is trying to make a name for himself,
and he's fucking going around out there spouting off.
So there's going to be more fireworks in the league with this guy running around i mean i know him
and reeves don't like each other i know him and dermy don't like each other he fucking uh he you
know he just yeah he's he's trying to make a name for himself so that it was an interesting scenario
and uh you don't often see people getting into it in warm-ups although he got into it with clifford
like a couple weeks ago in warm-up so yeah that
that is true grinelli so if it turns out we had this conversation last podcast you're an absolute
clown biz okay fair enough okay actually i got one one last one i wrote a uh blog saturday night
it went up kind of late it was the 40th anniversary of the debut of a movie called thief um michael
mann who's directed heat collateral he's you know an a-list director this is the first movie he had that came
out in the theaters starred james conn it's one of my favorite movies of all time i talk about it
all the time but i wrote a piece on it uh saturday night on the anniversary so it's on hbo max if
you're looking for basically one of the best movies of the 80s james conn plays a thief uh
and he's looking for that like one last score before he settles now
with a wife. The mob's kind of muscling it on him,
but a fantastic movie.
Again, HBO Max, if you're looking to check out
a great old movie that's been
slept on by a lot of folks. You want to say something to me,
Whit?
No, what? You want to fucking apologize?
Because it happened Monday night, and we'd already
recorded, so lick my fucking
ball bag, bitch. i'll take the l i ain't looking i ain't looking that dirty ass ball bag i'll tell
you that for free but i'll take the l my ball bag buddy l that's a hit that's a hit from uh
only one episode a week i i take no responsibility and the pod
put me in love you guys
as always we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on spit and chiclets
huge thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Whoop for keeping us in shape,
regarding our sleep as well.
Big thanks to our new friends at Sport Clips.
If you're looking for a new haircut, guys, go and check them out.
Huge thanks to our buddy, Larry Flowers Jewelry.
If you're looking for an engagement ring, jewelry, or Rolex,
by all means, go to check out Larry Flowers.
Big thanks to our friends at Earnest. Take care of those student loans. And a big thanks to everybody at The Zebra. looking for an engagement ring jewelry or rolex by all means go to check out larry flowers big
thanks to our friends at earnest take care of those student loans and a big thanks to everybody
at the zebra if you're looking for new insurance by all means check them out have a great week
everyone
