Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 327 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, everybody? We're about two-thirds through the season. Fans are starting to get back
in the building, still have some playoff races that are going to go down the wire. It's a fun
time in hockey right now. Lots of sports on tap, but let's check one of the boys first. Producer
Mikey Grinelli at NYC. What's going on, my man? What's going on, guys? A big week for me. I was
featured in the Minnesota All-Hair Team video this week. Pretty big for me. I was featured in the Minnesota all hair team video this week.
Pretty big accomplishment, so I was excited
about that. And we also have the Pink Whitney Cup,
so I'm excited. Big week.
I was trying to bury the lead there on you, G, making an
appearance in the hair video, but congratulations
on that. That was good stuff.
If you haven't seen it yet, the Minnesota hair video,
anyone who follows hockey should be familiar with it now.
We'll tweet it out from the account. Is it the same dude
who was doing the peroxide Jesus early days guy?
Yeah.
You got featured in that?
Yeah.
Are they still cranking him out like the old times
or is he recycling a lot of the same phrases?
It's a little bit, but he's still killing it, man.
He's awesome.
I think it's John King is his name.
Okay.
We got it.
You had to have watched those early days, Whit.
Yeah, I did.
Listen, I don't want to be Debbie Downer right off the bat,
but I'm an honest guy.
Grinnelli, actually, one of my buddies said to me this week,
Grinnelli has the worst hair.
I defended you.
I defended you, but I didn't even think about it
until I just heard that you're on this off-air video. This is coming from
wit, too. This is coming from wit,
Grinnelly. I got the worst
bucket, but it was just this
kid. Does he have good
hair? Does he have good hair, the guy that ripped
on me? No. So then
fuck this guy. How can you even say that?
Dude, listen, this is so off-topic.
I'm happy for you. It was just very funny.
That's how this show just started. I was like, oh my oh my god that was too nice what kind of a list is this is
what you're asking hey granelli's hair is terrible and then you know 40 hours later we're recording
and boom you're on the all hair team hey uh we should get them up we should get granelli a blow
out we should send them you know that you know those girls get the blowouts we should send them
to get one to see like what top-notch pure nicest flow you can possibly have and we got to get the bloats we should send them to get one to see like what top-notch pure nicest flow you can
possibly have and we got to get the people to rate it because like listen i'll be quite frank
like it was nothing that really ever popped out to me like hey he's got the fucking nice salad all
right fuck off both you guys can fuck right off i bet i have the best hair by far on this podcast
oh yeah you're gonna pull a guy in the co-captains of the Afro team.
Give me
three more months to get
out of this awkward phase, and I think I could
outdo you. No chance.
No chance. You guys are creating
a narrative that doesn't exist. I have gorgeous hair.
Erica Fleishman does a great job on my hair.
I think it's a little thin. I think it's thin,
but it's long. Okay, Lundquist.
That's fucking hair. Did you see lundquist
released that picture of him and kevin weeks he gave his first interview in about five months i
think he said how good did he look poor weeksy i love weeksy but dude he's standing next to
he looks as good as ever go check it out it looks like maybe like he could be like an older james
bond he is yeah james bond he does stop you in your tracks like when we had him in
the camp of that time out in san jose it's like you catch yourself looking at him because he's
such a handsome specimen yeah he's not human uh yeah so sorry he's like he's a male version of
a fembot he was created in a lab they just shoot they just fire fire uh bullets out their nipples
those fembots i just gotta i gotta get on his tanning routine, man. He's always got that perfect tan.
Not spray tan wit.
No, his ain't washing off.
Not burnt biz from the hikes.
His ain't washing off in the shower.
That tan's sticking for good.
It's like him and Chelios mastered the tan.
How the hell did Chelios always look so fucking tanned?
I think he's just like a dark-skinned human.
Yeah, he's got the genetics help.
He's Greek, right? Yeah, he's Greek, yeah. I think he's just like a dark skinned. Yeah, he's got the genetics help. He's Greek, right? Yeah,
he's Greek. Yeah. I just found out
Greek has a different Easter.
I guess. Oh, really? Yeah, I guess.
Orthodox Easter? Yeah, I think it's like in a
month or something. And I bet, I guess they
just rip it up. I was told like lambs
eat. I don't know. It sounds like a banger
if you're Greek, but I just learned that as well.
I'm being reminded of some lamb eating.
Oh, I think they crush lamb.
Lisa, don't eat me.
Oh, that's what's popping?
What's the Easter meal?
But that was like kind of a throwaway comment from somebody,
so maybe they were just totally guessing,
like don't hold me to the Greek Orthodox meal.
No, lamb's definitely involved.
Oh, it is?
Oh, yeah, it's a huge, huge Mediterranean food.
I'd love to go to Greece. Me too, man. I'd never been there. I would love to. The island's off involved. Oh, it is? Oh, yeah. It's a huge, huge Mediterranean food. I'd love to go to Greece.
Me too, man.
I'd never been.
I would love to.
The islands off the coast too, like Mykonos and Cyprus, I think.
I could picture R.A. there turning it into like his new Daytona,
just ripping it up in the Greek islands, sailing.
Cancun was my spot, baby.
Cancun.
Oh, yeah?
Well, it's gotten so young there now.
I was young when I went there. I was my spot, baby. Cancun. Oh, yeah? Well, it's gotten so young there now. I was young when I went there.
I was young at one time.
It's Cancun Street in Daytona Beach, Biz.
Don't let him fool you.
Yeah, Cancun, I went to four separate times.
One of them was more like just someone had a cheap fucking sea plodge,
and so we flew down.
You're like the all-inclusive God.
Guaranteed every trip you've been on, you've gone all-inclusive, correct?
No, only down at Heaton.
It might have been my only all inclusive.
In the cruise, too.
The cruise we did when we got on the wrong boat because our boat left
and I dressed up in the leisure suit for the captain's day.
I don't know how many times I could say it on a cruise talk.
I don't know how many times I could say it on Spittin' Chicklets.
This has to be 15.
If you go on a cruise, you're an absolute bag of trash.
Those things are the worst.
And I have some people I hold near and dear to my heart that love them,
but I'll tell them you're trash for going on one.
Yeah, I went 93, 28 years ago.
I haven't been on one.
Actually, I was on one.
We're all thinking it.
Wits just want to say it.
No, the people, you know, people can go on them and enjoy them,
but deep down they know they're trash you're you're like you're cattle you're being it's you're just cattle on this
big ship you're going oh dinner time y'all wait in line wait for your dinner okay what do you do
now oh i guess we got to go to the casino oh it's the morning let's go by the pool it's just like
you just follow each other around to these like events on a shit. It's bizarro land, right? Yeah. And if you
don't get back in time that you'll get stuck on
like seven mile beach in like Grand Cayman
or something. If you don't hurry up back to the boat.
I'm pretty sure if I went on a cruise, I
would actually be fine staying on
that first stop. Yeah.
See you. Jamaica. I'm going to
grab a hotel room, guys. I'll meet you
back at the dock. See you never. I'll see
you then. All right. Well, like I said, we have lots of room, guys. I'll meet you back at the dock. See you never. I'll see you then.
All right. Well, like I said, we have lots of popular sports events.
No wonder Jack was like, fuck this shit.
I'm out of here.
He's like, nah, I'm good, man.
Enjoy the cruise, Rose.
I'm fucking dipping.
I'm going to fuck the octopus down in the club below.
My octopus teacher better be careful there.
We got some converts on that.
Like I was saying, we got lots of popular sports events
coming up, so grab some Pink Whitney.
It's great for the pregame and the after party.
Head over to your local liquor store today
to find Pink Whitney and the new
375 milliliter Mickey size
bottle. I know Biz is a big fan
of those. He's able to take them away. You can kind of sneak
them in your pocket somewhere if you're going to church i brought a few over to uh ray whitney's house
he had us over for easter i got to uh we can't get into the golf talk just yet because there's
going to be a lot at the back end but we got to see jordan speed myself commodore my boy i love
that guy the two fuckers who ended up breaking our winning streak and the goddamn sandbagger because hey what a what a
commodore sandbagger sandbagger sandbagger i just i wonder if they would have invited you over had
we beaten them but they were just like pity hey biz come over for east i think they invited us
bingo yeah because i can chirp you and wait come on on over. Have some steak or lamb.
The wizard's wife kept mentioning, oh, that video was so great.
I enjoyed it.
So I was like, oh, yeah.
Would you like so much about it?
Your lamb tastes like shit.
All right.
Fuck you.
We're out of here.
Katie, we're going.
We're leaving.
No, we got sandbagged.
But no, it was good seeing them.
And we got to see Jordan Spieth win his first tournament since 2017 so that was cool we'll get into that a little bit later but it was
a great easter what about you were you chasing the young guy around after hiding all the eggs
oh yeah actually tough moment for your boy wit um so huge family gathering it was probably the
first time like everyone's been together. My wife has an enormous family.
There's probably 30 kids there.
And so everyone hadn't seen each other in over a year, right?
And for the most part.
And so we get in there and you're saying hi to everyone.
It's so good to see you catch up.
And I see like a small group of family members, including Bree, my wife,
and they are just laughing.
I'm like, this can't be good because they're kind of looking at me and laughing they have a picture over there of the last easter
we were all together i got the same outfit on there's a there's another picture of christmas
eve i got the same goddamn outfit on i have no style i got like three clothes so i was just
getting tortured for my get up um you know probably some trips towards
the hair that i didn't even hear so yeah it was tough easter overall for for my for my uh ego i'll
say just getting dominated by the whole entire family should we get you a stylist i need a
stop i need somebody to just send me so many clothes and then i'll try it on and keep what
i like and i'll send it back just send me the label back so i don't have to go to fedex or ups because everyone knows it's a pain in the balls to go to fedex and ups that's a tough
that's a tough errand when i get given that chore it can take an hour and a half right so if you
send me clothes just send me clothes and i'll pick out what i want to keep and send back and then you
charge me for what i keep you're saying like going there filling out the label waiting in the line like all that oh it's the worst it's the
worst yeah dude it's that's one where you just keep pushing back and then it's six o'clock and
there's a 400 person line yeah i'll do it next week and next thing you know it takes a couple
months yeah no i hate the label shit the only good thing is the fedex sells like candy and stuff now
it's great you go up there there, there's MM's you can
at least snack on while you're waiting in a 30
minute line to send a t-shirt back. That's why
they do it. It's like the movie theater. They just kind
of rope you in. We're talking about the cattle again.
I'm basically
a cruise goer when it comes to
FedEx. There you go. Do you get any
Easter chirps, Whit, about like the ears?
Maybe like Papa Claus and some of his money here.
I get chirps about the ears every single day, R.A.
It doesn't matter if it's Easter.
It doesn't matter if it's Mickey Mouse National Holiday.
It doesn't matter if it's Christmas.
People are coming at me about the ears.
I've learned to really accept it.
What are you going to do?
I was born with these ears.
They kind of make me who I am.
Yeah, absolutely.
Just own it.
That's all.
Actually, speaking of owning it sorry all right
that's all right did you see that little uh prank strahan pulled michael strahan
oh that he got yeah we had he he you can't pre-plan an april fool's joke it was he planned
it like three days ahead it's like dude april fool's gotta just be you know you can't like try to set it up weeks in advance
has to be all done that day yeah i do i feel like people still like to participate and and
make it a thing and a lot of times it's landing flat is that the feeling all right the april
fool's joke i think at this stage of the game we're a little bit older it's it's kind of irrelevant
i mean unless you work with younger kids or young you know young kids at some point but i mean the only april fools thing i even heard
was one of the local stations said julian edelman got traded for a third rounder which didn't even
seem like an implausible thing and then later i was told i was just a april fools joke which
i don't know it just seems kind of played out i think if you're fucking 10 years old sure that's
our age we're just like buzz kills little no fun for anybody we're a lot of fun it's just i don't know i'm fine you guys bring me down and make me
well speaking of fun like this week not a ton of huge news obviously we'll get to it in a few
minutes so we fed we figured we'd bring on one of our awesome guests uh this was a relatively new
interview we had shane corson on a few weeks ago he He was outstanding. We're not bringing him on right now.
We're bringing him on a little later.
But we figured with a little bit of lack of news this week,
we want to bring a, what is it, a slobber knocker of an interview out.
So Shane Corson, it's classic.
Slobber knocker.
Yeah.
Holy shit.
Google it.
Learn it.
Sounds like a move like Lisa Ann would pull off.
I know what slobber knocker is.
Is that like how you describe something great?
Besides a blowjob?
I was saying that's like a Lisa Ann term or some shit.
That's a slobber knocker meaning.
That's like what he's got in his Google search.
Now it's slobber knocker.
A violent collision experienced by a person.
A violent physical confrontation.
That was a real slobber knocker of a football game.
So I'll take it.
Right.
Shane Corson played that style hockey.
Yeah.
Maybe that's what I was thinking of.
Cause he had a slobber knocker.
And he gives a hell of a rinse.
It's not even on.
What do you want?
Dictionary.com.
To perfection.
What?
What do you want?
Dictionary.com.
I just,
I just Googled it and then it popped up.
Um,
wick, wick, shenary.org. I just Googled it, and then it popped up.
Wiktionary.org.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
No, I don't even know if it's a real word. Shane Corson was unreal.
You guys are really going to enjoy that one.
This guy's as old school as they get, and I'm glad to hear he's doing really well.
And fuck, what a guy.
Some great stories.
Oh, my goodness.
Some epic stuff.
He played in quite the era, and you guys are going to definitely enjoy it. I'm looking forward to the day I get to have beers with this guy. Oh, my goodness. Some epic stuff. He played in quite the era, and you guys are going to definitely enjoy it.
I'm looking forward to the day I get to have beers with this guy
and just hear the old school wrestling stories.
Yeah, he might be next time he's in Boston.
I might have to go and have a couple pops with him.
All right, boys, let's go take a look at the old NHL action.
The Central Division, we've got to give props to Florida.
They had a 4-0 week since we last talked.
Won six straight to take over the Division League uh defenseman aaron ekblad he's
going to be out 12 weeks after successful surgery on the left leg fracture which i guess is pretty
good news considering the way he went down it looked like we might not see him for a long time
and who knows 12 weeks depending on how florida does we could potentially see him uh early in the
summer uh bc goalie spence a night signed his entry-level deal with the panthers after completing his sophomore season uh he was the hobie one of the hobie finalists
this year you know they have the list of 10 then they whittled down to three he was on that list
of 10 he was taken 13th overall in the 2019 draft and uh sergey barbrovsky's 500th game which he
actually played last year they celebrated it saturday saturday night it was actually pretty
cool each player's uh nameplate in the office was spelled in
Cyrillic, you know, the Russian language there.
What, you know, Cyrillic. And it had number
500 on it. But the teammates got him
a safari to Tanzania
for a gift in Africa.
Oh my goodness. I would love to go on
a safari.
Would you ever go?
100. I would definitely
do that. Oh, okay. I thought you were going to say you would. I mean, I. I would definitely, definitely do that.
Oh, okay.
I thought you were going to say you would. I mean, I went on the Disney World one, which is actually legit,
but it was a 10-minute ride, 54-minute wait.
No, no, no, no.
We're not comparing Disneyland to the safari.
Well, listen, buddy.
They had these three monster lions that are full-blown,
be the same size as the real safari you go on in Africa,
that were staring over at the, I think it was elephant. The elephants had a baby. The africa that we're staring over at the thing it was elephant
the elephants had a baby the things just hunting looking down at the baby so i saw like safari-esque
i obviously want to do the real thing the big the big bang the africa trip the flight is a
monster though i'm not sure about the flight i think 15 16 hours maybe i've done australia so
i could go to Africa.
Yeah, you've already done it.
All right, you would definitely do a safari.
100. 100.
I still have only been to Europe once.
I was in Ireland.
I still haven't really been that far.
That's the farthest east I've gone from New England.
I would love to go to an African safari, man.
That would be unreal to check out.
I think elephants are probably one of the most underrated animals.
Would you say that's a fair statement?
Like how intelligent they are.
They don't get enough credit.
I think people who shoot elephants should get shot and then put next to the
dead elephant and then have a picture taken.
No doubt.
No need to get fucked with one of the tusks from the other elephants.
And I want to say that there's like elephants can be kind of looked at as
like not the king, The king's the lion.
But I think elephants are high up there in terms of the respect level in the jungle.
Elephants, like, dude, these guys have been around a while.
They're monsters.
They drag their family around.
And if you mess with them, they'll stomp your head in.
So I'm not positive, but I think there's something telling me elephants are very, very respected.
I would say that they could compete for king of the jungle.
I just said that, minus the lions.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
Does a lion end up killing an elephant in a bare-knuckle brawl?
Gorillas up there, too.
Isn't gorilla king of the jungle?
Well, lions don't actually live in the jungle, which is kind of funny.
They get called the king of the jungle, but they more live on the plains.
I'm Googling elephants respect level.
Everybody seems to think that grizzly bears are very underrated as well
as far as in the animal fighting kingdom.
We should do like a bracket of the animals fighting each other.
So gorilla, one of the types of gorillas
would for sure be in there you gotta put uh grizzly bear you gotta put do you put a lion and a tiger
um no i'd probably go with the lion over the time like is there some type
crazy type of tiger that has like a black belt and shit um no i thought i'm aware of bengal tiger's cool looking adult elephants spend 16
hours a day eating they require up to 300 kilograms of food and 160 liters of water each
day and here's the one thing that i think really leads into my idea of them being top notch the
african elephant has the largest brain in the animal kingdom it can
weigh up to five kilograms this is amazing when you consider how much does an elephant weigh
asian elephants weigh about 5400 kilograms and african elephants weigh up to 6000 kilograms
exclamation point the human brain however is larger when measured as a proportion of our
total body weight so maybe they're not as smart as i'm giving them credit for but god old old leathery skin looking tusk wearing big ass snout fucking shitting walking around well i love
elephants i well there's a saying to uh memory like an elephant i think that they have the best
memories as far as any animals used to yell that at people i got a memory like an elephant for
enough i remember it yeah Yeah, they can.
Maybe that was McIntyre who yelled that.
What they do, because I've seen it, like, they might have, you know,
met somebody years prior, and then they'll get their trunk,
and they can, like, smell their hand, and they recognize, like,
somebody from their smell, like, 20 years later or something.
Okay.
Yeah, highly intelligent animals.
So stop fucking shooting them, you weirdos.
And all kinds of other things.
We can agree on that.
We can agree on that. We can agree on that.
What team were we talking about? We were talking about
the Florida Panthers. Wow, funny enough, we were talking
about the Big Cats. I don't know if there was anything else
you wanted to add. No, I mean, Markov's
back off the injury. He's right back
in the lineup being dominant. I think he had a goal
on an apple the other game. Dimitri
Filipovic posted all the highlights from
the game. He's just
such a bizarre player to watch. Not a lot of guys do it like from the game. It's he's just, he's just such a bizarre player to watch.
Not a lot of guys do it like he does it.
And it's just like, it's fun to watch.
Yeah.
I think that, I think that after Bobrovsky start,
I think at one point I called him the worst goalie in the NHL on this show
this season, right?
Things have turned around and then the news about Ekblad's brutal,
but quickly already.
I, yeah, I was I was like oh this could be
a year so when I saw three three months it was like oh wow that's good but still it's like such
a bummer but that team I mean they're continuing to win and the thing about that entire division
is I actually think more than any other division in the league that benefits you the most finishing
first because every other division you're still playing like you make it Montreal in the north like in the in the central division if it's Tampa or Florida
you're either going against Nashville or Dallas those are the two teams I think fighting for the
fourth spot or if you're second you're getting Carolina right yeah it's tough Carolina I don't
want to play Carolina get them away from me first round so that division Dallas and Nashville will
definitely be a big-time underdog against whoever wins it I agree with that yeah it's uh do you
think do you think Florida without Ekblad without making a move for a guy on the back end do you
think that they're going to be able to win that division I don't know man I keep I would have
said no I don't even think they're going to make the playoffs. And now they're a point up there.
I think they got a game in hand, Tampa does,
but they're a couple points up on them.
I mean, what's to say that they're going to slow down,
especially if Bobrovsky's now heating up?
Would you make a move for a defenseman if you're Florida right now?
I would try to do something.
And people have mentioned that they could possibly actually shop Drieger.
Drieger?
I don't know if I'm saying the goalie's name correctly.
I apologize.
But I don't think so because who knows?
You're buyers now.
You've got to keep that safety net.
And I think that if you look at getting a D-man,
I'm looking into every possible option if I'm the GM there, Zito.
But there's not as much options out there for defense. Nothing.
There's a lot of forward
options. Somebody said
Alex Edler, but I don't even know.
Vancouver, they all have COVID right now.
That's a totally different situation.
Yeah, I mean, go ahead,
Ari. I don't know if you want to trade Dreej. I mean,
obviously, like you said, Bob's been playing a lot better
lately, but Dreej on the year, 11-4,
2-0-5 goals against a 9-3-1 save percentage. I said, Bob's been playing a lot better lately, but Dredger on the year, 11-4, 205 goals against, a 9-3-1 save percentage.
He's arguably been the number one goalie for that squad,
so I don't know that trading them is something that you'd want to do.
Earn a bit of a bind, though, because it's going to be tough
to get out of that division, having to go through,
especially if you don't finish first.
If you've got to try to beat Carolina and then Tampa to get out alive,
I don't know. I think you've got to try to beat Carolina and then Tampa to get out alive.
I don't know.
I think, I think you gotta, you gotta, you gotta do something.
You gotta make a, you gotta make a move for someone on the backend.
If, if you can even get me one.
One of these guys just mentioned Carolina and Peter Mraza come back.
Did you guys happen to see the press release that Carolina came out with?
They copied the style of Michael Jordan when he came back back and now to the Bulls in like 95.
Just a two word thing.
It said, I'm back.
I mean, it's pretty funny.
Kind of ballsy, too, to like copy Jordan.
But he comes back.
Peter Mraz gets a shutout in his first start since January 30th.
All three wins this year he's had.
He's been injured.
Obviously, all three of his wins have been shut out so far this year. So I guess he can put whatever he wants in a statement if he keeps putting up donuts like that.
Yeah, that's legit.
You have to look at  Reimer's done a good job there.
Yeah.
I mean, like when Mrazek went down, you were kind of like wondering
what was going to happen with that team, even though their offense is so good.
And then now that Mrazek's back, it's just like, all right,
we got through that time.
We're okay.
Who was the young kid?
I can't think of his name that was great.
The goalie?
Yeah.
Nedeljkovic. Nedeljko The goalie? Nedeljkovic.
Nedeljkovic.
So yeah, him and Reimer really carried the load.
I was questioning their
goaltending coming in. That was the one thing I used
against them. So every time they just start lighting it up,
I get a bunch of tweets. So then they go, acting like
Michael Jordan's probably kind of proven you wrong.
Yeah, just stuff it up your hoop, Biz.
We've got to definitely
dap up the nashville
predators they've won seven of eight nine of the last 11 they catapulted in the fourth place uh
roman yosi's been playing out of his mind but this kid ely tolvanen we've been hearing about him for
quite a while he's finally now a regular on the lineup 10 goals nine assists in 30 games kids
been getting it done uh and also their goaltender you know uh pecker renee started off he was
struggling quite a bit but he's rounded out his game nicely and uc sarros uh he was always kind of the let's see uh
what the what's the next the next guy in line what's the word i'm thinking the successor it's
a pecorine he's been playing out of his tits this year 11 and 7 with a 227 928 uh nashville this is
a team we were pronouncing dead talking about coaching changes free age front office changes
and now they're right back in the thick of the race here, Biz.
So that kid you just mentioned, they weren't playing him enough early on.
He came over from overseas, right?
Tolvanen, yeah.
Yeah, Tolvanen.
And when I was at Easter brunch with Wiz and the guys,
I think Donor even mentioned it.
He's like, yeah, once they figured out how good this kid was
and they started giving him regular ice and slotting him in the right place,
things started turning around.
And they maybe had some guys early on who were really struggling.
Johansson's been playing a little bit better as of late as well.
So their depth at center ice is helping them.
So overall, they are humming right now.
And good to see this young guy finally getting the time he deserves.
Yeah, and I think it was mentioned before,
but Ekholm, all but certain, won't be traded now.
He, like, was the one D-man that a lot of people were talking about.
But, yeah, it's good that they've picked it up.
And I think it was last episode we did say, you know,
that that shows to Poyle's patience and why sometimes as many fans scream,
fire the coach, get rid of him.
It's like
you can wait it out and wait it out and look like a fool or it can turn around exactly like you
pictured it would and i think that's not kind of the case right now where he's looking at the
roster like we are so much better than how we're playing at some point this has to switch and turn
for us and it has uh some other news here sunday night r Rick Bonas, coach at Dallas, he actually left the game after the second period
due to COVID protocols.
He has been vaccinated.
He's got both his shots per the GM, Jim Neal,
but they think it was a false positive,
but out of safety concerns, he was pulled.
Just, you know, this is the stuff we've been,
well, the players in the league have been coping with.
I mean, but I've never seen a coach not return
for the third period.
They did end up losing the game.
They were losing when he left.
Assistant John Stevens took over. Dallas, though, I mean, they're've never seen a coach not return for the third period. They did end up losing the game. They were losing when he left. Assistant John Stevens took over.
Dallas, though, I mean, they're not out of it either.
They still got three games in hand on Chicago and Nashville.
You know, we mentioned before they've had the COVID issues,
but five points back of a playoff spot, three games in hand.
We'll see what goes on there.
Whit, you ever see anything like that, a coach not finishing a game in the NHL?
No.
I mean, besides getting kicked out of the game by a ref, no,
I don't remember that.
I mean, I don't know.
The whole COVID situation is just like it's really hard to figure out.
I mean, it looks so good in Canada.
All of a sudden Vancouver's had this crazy outbreak,
and you understand if something's going on, whether it's a false test or not,
it's like just safe than sorry. But I don't ever remember a coach just shutting it down in the
middle of the game unless you're talking about the varsity blues coach what was his name bud
yeah bud kilmer he was a prick and then they they booted him when they were trying to put
the needle in uh what's his name's elbow or whatever it was that that whipped cream bikini
that whipped yeah was it the running back yeah you shut your mouth if you knew it was. That whipped cream bikini. That whipped cream. Yeah, was it the running back?
Yeah.
You shut your mouth if you knew it was good for you.
Is that what he says?
Billy Bob.
I don't know, but that's the last time a coach hasn't finished a game.
Okay.
Vassily Blues dig.
That's an old school one.
There's a lot of great scenes.
Oh, the whipped cream bikini.
Are you shitting me?
The teacher who came out at the strip pool.
Oh, yeah.
She saw all the boys.
Chris Drury, sandpaper finish, rounded toe.
Your pattern.
That's a pattern right there.
Oh, shit.
She was a missile launcher.
Columbus Blue Jackets.
They've lost seven of eight, just one point in those eight games.
Fallen down in the standings in the Central Division.
Jack Roslevic was a health
bomb on Saturday. He only had two
points his previous six games. He did return
to the lineup Sunday, had two shots on goal in
a little over 12 minutes. But the
real big news out of Columbus was
from Brandon Dubinsky this week. He is
on long-term injured reserve, but he's still
a part of the Columbus organization.
He went on the Garage Beers podcast this week and basically had some words for sid i'll take ovi every day
of the week uh i would never ask sid for a stick ever uh fuck sid he said um obviously he's had a
rivalry with him they played uh quite a bit over the years he said quote sid just whined way too
much and ovi just shut up and played hard actually he tweeted that tweeted that. Again, these guys have a history, but this is
unusual. I mean, the technically
active play, I know he's injured reserve and probably
might have gone into the whiskey that night
before he took over. Maybe he had
a few garage beers before he got on.
Nose beers.
Whit, I'll let you take
it first. Nose bull
vodkas.
I actually think maybe I've met dubinsky i actually
met him at a muirfield he doesn't give a fuck like he could he could have been dead sober he's got
plenty of money now i wasn't really that surprised like everyone was so shocked i guess that he
openly said it but those two hate hate each other i'm not saying anything off the ice i have no i'm
just talking from those series there was dirty hits they were going after each other there was no holds bars
chirping so dubinsky obviously hates sid now the question is like if you asked you know
a thousand or a hundred thousand hockey fans out there like who's better like who would you take
crosby rovetskin i i think it's 60 40 Sid but I think it's close
right yeah I mean like him he kind of came out the next day and was like hey I I picked Ovechkin
like I don't know like you put up their numbers and yes it's it's very close now I right away I'm
a Crosby guy it's like well he's he's played like 160 less games and they have the same amount of
points 160 games with Sid's number is like 180
points I think or 190 points so that's how many would be ahead of him but but right health's part
of it health's part of it woulda coulda shoulda so I think that being a Crosby guy I'm openly
aware that if you if you talk in history like there will be people who would rather have had
Ovi right or am I am I crazy uh I think if you're a general manager and you could go back after
seeing the entire body of work i would say a far more number of people like intelligently on the
hockey side of it would take it yeah i'm saying fans though oh well fans it's different because
like like going back to what he was talking about it's like i think sid's been pretty open about the
fact that yeah early on he was
definitely complaining a lot too much to officials but keep in mind he went from playing in the
quebec major junior league to now playing in a league that where it was still kind of accepting
dude if if fucking mcdavid was getting the treatment that crosby was when he came into the
league it fucking dude people would be losing their minds that sounds like we sound like old men
yelling at cloud but crosby was getting absolutely dummied behind the play and granted he would like
create a lot of people would elbow him in the face and wasn't called it was like at the beginning
he's like i'm getting abused let's put it this way i bet you dubinsky would probably even admit
to being like yeah i was playing the fuck and try to you dubinsky would probably even admit to being like yeah i was
playing to fucking try to put him out he might even admit to that right that's so that's like
a mindset like well he was taking runs at him like anything to get his head out of the game
listen maybe maybe i i judged it too far and he would he wasn't trying to like not injure injure
him but like trying to knock him out like trying to fucking get him with a good clean pop was is that a fair that's probably a fair comment and fucking that's
a pretty you know that's pretty a pretty dark way to approach the game and i don't think a lot of
guys approach it like that as much like that anymore so like as much so like on one side i'm
like well fuck if i'm the player who's got to put the puck in the back of the net and i got to deal
with this guy chasing around trying to take my fucking head off yeah i'm
probably going to be barking to an official a little bit more than than than i normally should
right but as his career has progressed i think that he's eased up on that but also the league
has gone in a completely different direction to where to a better degree do they protect their
stars would you would you
agree that's a fair assessment uh yeah i still don't think they do a good enough job okay that's
a fair comment but it was a bit more no holds bar if a guy was skating around the ice trying to
treat mcdavid in a playoff series the way that dubinsky was chasing around uh sid i'd be different
it would be different it would be different so it's
just like there's there's there's so much like hate there that boiled over from them competing
i mean i don't think sid gives a fuck what the binsky thinks and and vice versa but yeah it was
it was definitely interesting to hear him go public with it and just by thinking about it
this past week do you think it's a pretty fair assessment of how I broke it down yeah that was good I I just in looking at the argument of Crosby versus
Ovechkin it's like a center versus a winger like amazing goal scorer but Sid really didn't take any
nights off and like Ovi as amazing as it was and some of these nights off Ovi probably scored
but Sid never really had those clips of like early in the career, like just not back checking. It wasn't the case.
So bingo getting to experience it and play with it is,
is obviously makes me very biased to Chang.
And I think that watching Ovechkin like the last like 10 years,
as opposed to the first, like whatever it was, six or seven, you know,
it's, it's definitely changed where I think he actually takes way less nights
off than he used to when he was younger.
So it's a great argument, but certainly Dubinsky has reason to hate playing against Sid.
And those series that they play, I don't know how many times Columbus played Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh didn't lose to them, but they kicked the shit out of each other,
and they didn't have much left moving forward.
I don't think either one of the Penguins' cups, the back-to-back years they played Columbus,
I could be way off on that.
Watch this.
It's going to be both times.
Yeah, and also the Rangers stuff, too,
because, I mean, he's one of the few guys that makes Sid
actually drop his gloves and fight.
And also there was the highlight with Hank Lundquist,
where Sid kind of gave Hank just a little bit of a whack,
but enough that, you know, he's going to get defended by his teammates,
and Dubinsky was the first one in on him there so uh anyways thanks for the clicks the clickbait
dubinsky it's been don't uh i don't want to take anything away from dubinsky as a player though i
thought he was a fucking hell of a player and absolutely he's at his best uh definitely a very
overlooked guy but he went to war every night and i got a lot of respect for his game now going back
to the people i think recency bias has a little bit to do with it and I got a lot of respect for his game. Now going back to the people,
I think recency bias has a little bit to do with it.
And the fact that like Ovi has won the last cup,
he's kind of like that fun loving guy you're seeing in these clips in the
hallway. Like, you know, he's a beauty knows, you know,
he's one of the boys. But yeah, early in the early days, like, yeah,
he didn't sacrifice, I think enough for the betterment of the team.
And yeah, maybe took, took nights nights off so it was you know it was a little easier to be more critical
of him early on as opposed to maybe now just one last footnote on that too job buddy jeff
marrick tweeted that uh when crosby was on their podcast 31 thoughts that he said he regretted
complaining to the refs so much early in his career. So just chuck that in there as well. But all right, gangs, gang, gang, times are tough and worrying
about your student loan payments doesn't make things any easier. That's where refinancing with
Earnest could help. Earnest offers low rate student loan refinancing, and you can check your
rate risk-free in just two minutes. With Earnest, you get radically flexible payments and you can check your rate risk-free in just two minutes. With Earnest, you get radically flexible payments
and you can pick your loan term.
By refinancing, you can reduce your loan term,
save money, or combine multiple loans
into a simple monthly payment.
And if you have questions,
you can even talk to a real live human at Earnest for help.
Isn't it time you stopped feeling overwhelmed
by your student debt?
Right now, Earnest is offering our listeners a 100 cash bonus.
If you refinance your student debt at Earnest.com slash checklists,
you get a 100 cash bonus.
Not available in all states.
Terms and conditions apply.
Visit Earnest.com slash checklists for more details.
Terms and conditions apply.
Earnest student loan refinancing made Ernest Operations, LLC, NMLS number 1204917, California Financing Law License number 6054788, 303 2nd Street, Suite 401N, San Francisco, California 94107.
Visit Ernest.com slash licenses for a full list of licenses.
Check that out.
By all means, student loan stuff will get you driven crazy.
If you can consolidate it, by all means, you want to do it.
What's up, Biz?
Bob, when we talked about Columbus, we got sucked into the Dubinsky thing.
As far as the team's concerned, oh, man, they've been
I thought they were going to be like that undercover team coming in,
but that Dubois trade is looking even worse and worse as the days go on.
They are so thin up the middle.
They don't have anything close to a first-line center,
and they're getting  they can't produce offense at all now.
Lyonnet's been a  I don't want to say he's been a dog.
He's just like the whole  it seems like the whole team's been stripped of their confidence yeah line a dude that's not i don't
think dubois been at his best in winnipeg but there's like compete level there that you really
don't see from line a he had another turnover sunday it just led directly to a goal it's like
there's just so many times that guy, and now Torts obviously probably,
and I shouldn't say obviously,
probably can't stand him.
And you can tell there's already been friction there.
The team isn't doing well.
I don't think Torts will be back, right?
His contract ends.
It's like, then what are we doing with Line A here?
You got to figure what's going to happen there.
There's just so many different questions.
It just turned out that it wasn't their season.
And you're like, when you look at the GM,
he's the last guy I blame, Kekal a line and he's done a lot of great things there
and fuck you can't help but when all these guys want to leave he's bringing good players and a
lot of them don't want to stay so what are you going to do i mean i think that you got to look
this year maybe a new coach next year and i don't even know if torts wants to go back right like who
knows that guy's getting older he's coached for such a long time does he still want to be an nhl
coach i think he'll have a job if he
wants one. I mean, it seems
like he's never going away.
Shit, I got tagged. I forgot to
put it in the outline. Someone found an old
story about torts the night the Tampa
Bay won the cup. He
drove home alone. He didn't know that there was a party
going on. The party that I crashed,
I guess, like, nobody said
anything to him. Like like i don't know
if it was deliberate if it was like a freeze out or just it was an oversight the cop and just drove
home alone the night he won the cup he said he he like did had no idea there was a party upstairs
because it was like a restaurant kind of sort of hidden room no idea there was a party after
he said i drove home alone and that and that was it because somebody tagged me in it and like like
basically how the fuck did you find out about this potty and that's the funny part because i was blackout
drunk across the street and i still got in the building and still found out where the potty was
and this guy coached the team and no one fucking told him where it was so i kind of felt bad for
the guy i was like another cup party story r.a goes to his tortorellas you know you basically
were there in his honor they thought i was i undercover boss. I like, like the CBS show.
R.A. was blocked out, but he had his little pass on.
He had the Tortorella pass.
That's why I didn't fucking find out about it.
One of my life's great mysteries, finding out how I got back in that building.
But a few minutes ago, boys, we did mention the Vancouver Canucks.
Absolutely decimated by COVID.
They right now, as of recording time, 16 players on the protocol list.
They've had four games postponed.
Some guys have needed IV treatment.
Some have said to be in, quote, rough shape.
They are set to return Thursday versus Calgary.
They've got a bunch of games rescheduled.
They haven't played since March 24th.
But we do want to acknowledge, though, before they did get ravaged with COVID,
Canucks head equipment guy Pat O'Neill worked his 3,000thth game i believe that's the second guy this season who's worked 3 000
games as an equipment guy that's a it's a hell of a run do it yeah absolutely unreal run uh the
canucks also extended goalie thatcher demko with a five-year extension worth 25 million dollars i
mean we talked about this kid at the end of last season with looking at looking like the potential
future goaltender and uh brayden hopey who they did sign this previous offseason he's got one year left at 4.3 million he could end up a couple
hours south next year should vancouver leave him exposed and seattle could scoop him up even though
he has a no a modified no trade clause he does not have a no move clause so he could be left exposed
so uh could have ended up being a good move for them even though hope he's been struggling a bit
this year but either way they did Canucks didn't play this week.
The league is going to move the schedule up.
They were supposed to finish March 8th.
They pushed up to March 11th.
I wouldn't be surprised if it goes even further than that,
because they do kind of get some free wiggle time to play with here.
Yeah, there's also a chance that you don't see Vancouver play
the full schedule this year.
It sounds kind of crazy but
they're they're also talking about for the first time ever starting the playoffs they could start
the the American divisions yeah before that the Canadian division and the NBA has always done that
where they'll start a second round series when there's first round series still going on the
NHL has always started clean where everything has to be done before they begin the next round and this year will probably change um so it's it's crazy to think how many
guys have it there yeah obviously we wish everybody well there I mean we have fun and poke fun with
Vancouver once in a while but we hate to see this type of situation so get well guys we're gonna
get see you back out in the ice um Toronto Maple Leafs boys we got to keep stroking if they keep
winning like this three wins
in a row extended their lead from two points
to six points in the last week
Jack Campbell I guess you got to say he's taken over
the number one role eight no record in eight
appearances
Austin Matthews 25th goal the other night he's just
the third US born player to score
25 goals in each of his first
five seasons with only Bobby
and Mike Madano have done that
and Alex Galchenyuk got his first five seasons. Only Bobby Kavita and Mike Medano have done that.
Alex Galchenyuk got his first as a Leaf too. You all like how Leafs
correspond. What do you got for us, buddy?
I told you guys. Don't worry. They're going to
figure this thing out. They went through a little blip.
Boom. Back. Give them the cup
now. There's no
way they don't make it out of that North
Division. I'd put my fucking life savings
on it. They are humming.
Love the squad. I still think my fucking life savings on it. They are humming, love the squad.
I still think they're going to add Taylor hall.
They're going to make wiggle room. They're going to give them,
they're going to wave off the cat for the Leafs.
That's how much they've done for the league. But they look fucking awesome.
I'm so happy for my buddy, Jack Campbell Myrtle from the, the athletic, he wrote an article. I think it just came out today.
He called me about it and basically for like my experience and seeing what I
saw in the minors. And I think I've briefly touched on it before, but just,
you know, he came over from Dallas. I think he was drafted.
You said 11th overall wit.
Yeah. He's like a broken, I read that article. It's awesome.
Like he's like a broken man, not even just hockey player.
Yeah. And, you know, I think that from just talking to Myrtle it was kind of this situation
where you know growing up you were always like you're on this like you know this path to just
like you know be a young starter in the NHL like getting wins like winning never have a moment he
never had one moment where he wasn't just tracking off the hill like no sort of um what's the word i'm
looking for i don't want to say interference yeah i was gonna say there was i don't say adversity
but yeah no exactly there there are there are enough guys who like get to a certain level where
they don't face that but just because they're just like superior athletes and they just figured it
out mentally and it's just like they're the best and they just go all the way to the top and that
does happen well in some cases it maybe takes a little bit longer than normal.
And in some cases, like it just fucks with you to the extreme.
And I think that that's what happened.
And then Dallas basically, basically gave them away for nothing to, um, to the Kings
organization.
And he got down to the AHL and Dusty Em was like hey like forget all that shit like you know this
is where you are let's just fucking put the work in and obviously before that a little bit uh they
you know they kind of they became friends you know he didn't necessarily just dive in like about the
hockey stuff he more wanted to earn his trust dude they went to van yeah just and for seven he ended
up staying a week and and for seven days they didn't even really talk hockey they just like he wanted to know who he was he wanted to know about his life
they went what's that what's that hike the grouse the grouse grind yeah so they were doing that i
think that's really interesting part of the whole story is that it wasn't just like hockey it was
like i'm gonna like get to know this guy as a human right it sounds like kind of corny but it's
like i need to know who he is and like where he is mentally like where does he come from in life and then you start realizing like what he's going
through goaltending wise it doesn't really have much to do with the game of hockey exactly it's
more about his outside life and his expectations and feeling like a failure and i i was just blown
away and then you think about like he still has all that talent that had him drafted i mean he's
one of the highest picked goalies in 25 years.
So he still has that talent where all of a sudden,
if you're able to clean up his head and goalies, it can be so mental.
And all of a sudden it's like, holy shit, this guy,
he still has that talent that was why he was picked so high.
And he's reached that level now.
I didn't think that,
I didn't understand like how much he had to grind in the minors.
Like I didn't, I thought he kind of was grind in the minors like I didn't I thought
he kind of was playing for LA right away like with Ontario that was the big that was the big reason
why it came all back to him yeah and and remember so the year before Peter Budai had happened to
and Dusty Emu was with him in the Winnipeg organization he was in St. John and he was
helping him but I think that uh I think Boots was still a little bit pissed off because
he'd been like an NHL solid backup for so long and all of a sudden he was in the AHL in the jungle
because he got put on waivers and I think his attitude led him to maybe have a tough season
dude he didn't win a game there so when when Dusty Emu ended up getting back with him in Ontario, I think at that point in time, he was able to get through to him.
Similar in the similar regard, he earned his trust.
And then he just explained to him, he's like, Hey,
if you're going to allow all that stuff that happened to you, that was,
you know, that you think was bullshit, continue to bother you.
It's going to bother you and it's going to affect your performance.
And he was able to help him out. So I, I was there for the whole the whole season so i was seeing it i didn't poke my head in too much but you could clearly see that
it's like the guy won goalie of the year in the ahl he went on this fucking insane run so then
the next following year they had to share the net a little bit so part of it was also juggling saying
like hey you're not going to get the same amount of starts but you know you guys are it's going to be good because if you get to the next level you'll probably have to be doing that anyway
where you're sharing the net right so look at it from a positive standpoint and it and it just
worked and then i saw dusty emu as well help jack once again did so from a distance because you
don't want to poke your head in too much because you don't want to fuck up a good thing that's
going on because you could see it happening and they're like keep biz away from this guy if anyone could take him
down it's biz bingo but you know you try to you try to you know respect the distance but it was
awesome to see so he became an all-star that year jack campbell and he had an unreal year and that
propelled him to then be trusted by la to step in and then be his backup to quickie. And, you know,
they've had to juggle their goalie situation because they got Cal Peterson,
who's another young stud. So, you know,
they felt Jack Campbell was the one that could be accessible and he ends up
with the Leafs. You know, there's a little bit of struggling going on.
And it's like, man, I think, I think his time is now.
He's the new number one there.'s no eight no so i sorry for
rambling on but it was just very cool to see how he was able to get his head fixed and and now it's
leading to all the success so check out that article it goes more in depth with dusty emu but
he's done an incredible job with with a few guys biz uh is it true that you gave him the nickname
ned flandes when you were his teammate so i don't know how many how many guys were actually calling him that i just i just kind
of joked around about it because he he's just like so nice all the time that i'm like yo one
day this guy's just gonna pop like jokingly right you you know you know what i'm saying like you
saw the ned flanders episode right just wit you see it yes oh look someone episode or just like
see him being called that no well well in the episode to kind of like where he's like niddly
diddly and then he's just like boom because he ends up popping because it's like there's no way
somebody could be possibly this nice but jack campbell is actually that nice because one of
our listeners thought you might have been sandbagging me on simpsons references from from
way back in the day, even before chicklets.
No, everyone here would also always give you the shout out if it's a Simpsons reference going on.
You guys missed one at the top of the show, but that's right.
I was. Well, I'll miss a lot of them.
But there was an era where I was paying attention to Simpsons.
There was like a five year stretch there.
My sister used to watch it religiously, so I just watched it with her.
Yeah, like I don't know what I might've been late Friday night on FXX,
there was like a season four, they did like 10 episodes in a row. And it's like the season four,
five, six, seven, eight. It's just like I said before, some of the best TV ever made.
You get yourself caught for two, three hours watching a bunch of great classic episodes.
I don't know where my maturity level was at the time where those were coming out,
but I would probably laugh out loud a few times an episode where now I don't know where my maturity level was at the time where those were coming out, but I would probably laugh out loud a few times
an episode where now I don't crack
a smile. Yeah, that's why you got to watch the old
one. So our buddy Connor
McDavid, a little out of character. He
got fined 5,000 for elbowing
Jesperi Kotkaniemi at Center Ice
during the Edmonton-Montreal game the other night.
I was pretty shocked by it. I mean, I
know he's frustrated. The team was having a rough game, but
I don't know if you caught Ginnie,
I mean, might have done something off camera
we didn't catch before,
but were you surprised to see Connie
with the old chicken wing?
Yeah, I mean, not really.
I think he's a little frustrated.
I think it's only two points in four games this year
versus the Canadians.
So they've actually been the only team
able to hold him and Dreitzel back a little bit.
And maybe that's part of it,
but I didn't think it was... The other angle the of the hit it's not as bad as it looks from when you're behind
McDavid it looks like he caught him right in the head so um I definitely understood why there was
a fine but people yelling and screaming for suspensions it's like what are you talking about
yeah I wasn't expecting a suspension or anything like that but you know just not something
you usually see him do so anyways he got k he got fined 5k for what did you think biz um yeah i mean
fucking i don't know twitter was popping about it some people thought that he deserved to get
sussied what did you think i know i thought i thought fucking he's i don't know he seemed like
he was frustrated at someone he fucking got him with a high hit. I think that, I think that people tend to sell those a little bit these days.
So no, I don't think he should have been suspended.
I think a fine's fine.
I think that fucking goon McKinnon should be suspended.
That was the biggest sell job by Garland.
He threw his head up on his helmet.
Dude, that Garland had an unreal, just like, it was like a, he blew up and his helmet hit him. Fuck that. Garth McKinnon out of the league.
It was like he blew up when the helmet hit him.
I'm signing a fucking PTO, McKinnon.
I hope you hear this, you sandbag and son of a bitch.
I'm coming after you for the bucket toss.
Five grand for that.
He's got that in his ashtray.
Well worth it, the kid from Iceland.
Yeah, and we jumped ahead there, Biz.
But yeah, I saw you put the Twitter poll out. Who's the biggest goon in the nhl david or mckinnon i didn't see that okay so
to be to like not be joking around about it anymore like when i saw it i was like okay that's
fucking funny the fact that he did it and it was an underhand so it was more harmless and i know
i'm a coyotes uh worker so i should be like, no, but as far as suspension is concerned, I'm like, fuck that.
We need him playing against other teams, collecting points.
And he did.
He, he, he, he helped out in the first game against St.
Louis.
I think he had two tucks and he might even had a golden apple in the
next one.
And he scored in the last 40 seconds.
So now the coyotes are sitting pretty.
Cause I am three points into a playoff spot.
Yeah.
That was an amazing scenario though
just to see the helmet go flying and then garland blowing up it was i was like holy shit you could
tell it what he was it was underhanded i don't think he meant to get it that high but he was
still like oh fuck him a little bit of mustard on it i mean nobody wants to catch a helmet off
the face like that he's a mckinnon's got a short wick, man. He's fucked up. That was in a
9-3 win. What's he so
bent out of shape about at 9-3
taking run at guys? He's fucking nuts,
man. Yeah, and he was given
a double minor for rough and a 10-minute misconduct
in addition to the 5,000 fine.
Garland probably chirped his swing.
He's a golf nut. He's like, fuck you.
Oh, for sure. I'm going to tell him to now.
I'm going to give him some ammunition.
Tell him to keep crying.
Some other great fireworks. Saturday night,
Brady Kachuk took on Shea Weber, man.
That's a ballsy thing for a young kid to take on.
Weber doesn't fight as much anymore because he doesn't need
to, but he wasn't
going to take any shit there, Brady, and they ended up dropping
the gloves. I thought he handled himself pretty well
considering who he was going with.
Oh my God. That is such a fucking fun player to watch he does he's that's just a pure hockey
player he'll do it all he didn't give a shit he competing every night it is so cool if i ever had
a kid i would want him to play like brady kachuk yeah that's a that's a pretty i'm gonna say that's
a very accurate statement because not only does he play like a bastard out there, he'll fight anyone. He's in front of the net,
but he has like the best time doing it. Yeah. That's what,
that's what is so fun to watch. Like, you know, after that fight,
he's probably laughing in the room. He's just like,
he gets the guys going on the ice. He gets them going off the ice.
So you can tell he like appreciates where he's at in life.
And he did pretty well in the fight. You could tell like Weber,
Weber had a cup Weber through a rocket Weber bomb right pretty well in the fight. You could tell, like, Weber threw a rocket,
Weber bomb, right off his helmet.
Like, I think he was like,
I'm just going to try to smash his helmet into 10 pieces.
So I was surprised that he did go.
But at the end, he took him down into the net.
And, you know, he got the boys going.
They won, right? 6-3?
Yeah, they smoked them.
They were plus 500 on the puck line that night, too.
They're competing late in the season.
Every game I'm looking at the ticker,
they've been involved in close games.
We thought they were going to be the laughingstock
at the start of the year.
Man, the flames.
Not all of us.
That's true, all right.
What's their record?
No, I throw some money on them on the shits and giggles,
but that they were going to be competitive is what I said,
and they've been very competitive.
And yeah, Brady, you can tell he's having fun out there with,
he just goes nonstop.
Love watching him play.
Jump over the Calgary flames boys.
I see a battle of Alberta shirt shirt with they haven't really gotten much
of a set of bump.
Unfortunately,
they had an O and three weeks since we last talked two and eight in their
last 10.
Is this team even going to make the playoffs with no,
no,
no,
no.
They're sellers.
I think Sam Bennett, I think, I think, I think if you, you plan on going on a run, um is this team even going to make the playoffs with no no no they're sellers i think sam bennett
i think i think i think if you plan on going on a run you go try to get sam bennett i think that
guy's playoff type hockey player and i think that'll be a guy and all of a sudden you're
hearing monaghan discussions now i think that you have to look at it all and you can't do it in the
next week the seven days till the deadline this is a summer thing but there's going to be some
major changes there.
I don't know if Goudreau will be there next year.
I don't know if Monaghan will be,
but if you look around,
it's like that whole entire core isn't working.
This year has been a disaster.
So right now you're looking to see
what you can get at the deadline.
Oh man, that's the big question there.
And on a shortened season, no fans in the building,
are you going to put that much weight on how this,
especially with adding Markstrom and Tanev,
or do you give them another full season?
I guess it would depend on what you're offering.
It's hard.
I mean, we're thinking so narrow-minded where I'm on the fence
about where I want to go.
I don't think I would  if you're going to sell,
I think you should probably wait until the offseason.
I agree. I agree.
But I think there's some guys that could be done before the deadline.
But the big changes like Monaghan or Goudreau and those type guys,
then you're looking at like give us some time in the summer.
But the cap not changing is it makes this so difficult.
Right.
And I think the one theme right now is teams eating salary.
That seems to be what the big topic is.
So I don't know what the answer is, but they aren't making playoffs.
And what a letdown after the coaching change.
And yeah, this group is definitely broken right now.
Yeah, when you take a look at all these names getting bandied about too,
all these guys got term left as well.
It's not like these are UFA guys.
They can just pawn off
for a pick or whatever. So that makes it even more
difficult, like you said.
Any other notes? Actually, one more. Montreal
Eric Stahl is expected to make his debut
Monday night, which is tonight. We're recording Monday.
Montreal won three or
four on the week split with Ottawa.
They're kind of hanging tough in that division, but
didn't know if there was any other North notes
you had for us, boys. I was critical of giving up a third and a fifth from most Montreal fans.
I'm here. And they're like, no, we need depth at the middle.
And we have 12 draft picks left, so we're okay giving it.
So I'll, you know, I'm going to back off on that one.
Well, they have, they have the, you know, right.
With Tatar, whatever, you know, and Gallagher.
But then after that that it was like
suzuki and cockton yemi both young guys right so stall maybe he's not you know the player he
wants was but he's older and he can at least not have one of those guys going against another top
second line because i think those are the four playoff teams i think the north's pretty much set
and i don't even really think it matters who plays who i think it's they're all like i don't think
like if toronto wins that division they'd much rather play uh you know winnipeg or edmonton or montreal right like
it's pretty like open in that division and i think those four teams are now just jockeying for
for who finishes where that'd be a fun serial watch between edmonton and winnipeg with those
forward groups can't montreal so much different than every other team and then, Edmonton, Winnipeg, they're gunning.
They're coming quick.
They're playing offense.
They're fast.
They will turn the puck over here and there, but they create a lot.
Montreal is a way different team.
So if Carey Price gets hot, that division is just, I mean,
business cutting his foreskin off if Toronto doesn't get out.
I think we forgot about that one from Jupiter.
But what was the other thing we were just chatting about I had to bring up?
Let's see.
Oh, the Marner goal in Edmonton.
They might have been at home.
Filthy.
Check that out.
He cuts to the front of that strong, cuts in, roofs it.
It was just a sick goal for a guy who kind of is quietly having a dominating season.
I know that's crazy to say but
i don't know you hear a lot more about matthews makes a little sense with how he can score goals
and i think that to look at marner's game he's a he's a legit superstar right now
yeah when when marner's hanging out with beebs on the regs i think then we'll talk more about
him but i mean right now we'll stick with matthew's talk boys we've mentioned toronto
we've mentioned edmonton we've mentioned montreal well our guest this week played for all three of
those teams shane course awesome awesome interview coming up uh first off we do want to mention
if you have 30 free minutes you never have to worry about a break-in at home ever again
that is how quick and easy it is to set up a security system from simply safe it's the kind
of thing that's so easy to do you can do do it during a Netflix binge, watching the game, or listening
to a certain podcast. Having the security set up at my place makes me feel that much safer,
knowing I have extra sets of eyes looking out for me, and help is just a phone call away.
SimpliSafe is incredibly easy to customize for your home. Just go to simplisafe.com
slash chicklets. You can easily choose the exact
sensors you need or get help from one of their many experts. It'll get to your house in about
a week, which means by this time next week, you and your whole family can go to bed knowing your
home is being guarded by SimpliSafe. So go to simplisafe.com slash checklists today to customize
your system and get a free security camera at the same time.
You also get a 60-day risk-free trial so there's nothing to lose.
One more time, that's simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E dot com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Check them out and keep your homestead safe.
All right, boys, and now we're going to send it
over to Shane Corson. It's a real pleasure to welcome our next guest to the show. Taken eighth
overall by Montreal in the 1984 draft, this bruising left wing would go on to play nearly
1,300 regular season and playoff games with Montreal, Edmonton, Toronto, St. Louis, and Dallas.
In addition to 19 NHL seasons he also represented team canada
on the international stage playing the 1991 canada cup and the 1998 olympics among others
thanks so much for joining us on the spit and chiclets podcast jane corson how's it going my
man thanks all right did my mom send that bio of mine to you guys over there or something another five dollars i'll give you
another paragraph hey all right yeah i'm sure she sent it over you but i'm all i'm hoping for is
that there's a hall of fame where they combine the off ice and the on ice i think then we'll
all have a chance to be in the hall of fame that's what terry ryan told me he said nobody better off
the ice than shane corson he was he He gave me like 10 voice memos about you.
Yeah, TR is a beauty.
Not much I can say about TR.
I think he's done it all, and I think it's all from his dad, to be honest with you.
I've spent a few nights with him out east, and they're a lot of fun, I'll tell you.
I don't remember any of them, but they were good, I think.
Oh, he'll remember.
He'll tell you, too.
Oh, I don't remember, but he does.
I know he calls me the next morning and says, oh, do you this this i go no then don't tell me i don't want to
hear it don't tell me anything i don't want to hear any of it biz he mentioned we could we could
be in the hall of fame you could you could even dj there dude they'd let you sort of sneak in be
like that fifth liner in the hall i would have uh i would have liked to have dj and i'm skipping
forward here because we were going to save it for later, but he told me you ended up opening up your own restaurant in Montreal when you were there called Shane's.
Yeah.
And I actually met a few of the guys that worked there at the time who ended up becoming famous.
One of them, Jeremy Charles, who was a chef there.
Yeah.
And then Sam Roberts.
Yeah, great, great kids, man.
Sammy and Charles have seen quite a few things go on in
Montreal, I'll tell you. But I don't know. My buddy, actually, it was a buddy of mine that I
grew up with in Barrie, Ontario, was a beautician, too. And he wanted to open a restaurant bar. And
I'm going, oh, my God, just what I need, another bar in Montreal that I can go to. And it's free,
boys. So we opened her up and we had a lot of fun. But I'll tell you what, it was a lot of fun,
good place to be. And those two guys you mentioned, they were super people and it couldn't have happened to two better guys.
There were great kids worked hard and you love to see good people and hard
workers become successful. And both of those guys did that.
Was Sam Roberts playing at the time? Would he play live music there?
Yeah. He played some live music at the restaurant bar,
more of a bar to be honest with you.
And he'd take off to do some uh shows like live shows and we'd
all go watch and support him he was just amazing person down to earth and incredible incredibly
talented unbelievable biz sorry if people don't know are they musicians because i'm not i'm not
i'll let course take that over yeah sam sam's a big musician here in canada he's done real well
for himself and jeremy's a big chef. Jeremy actually was on CNN, I believe.
And he's big out here in Canada and out east especially.
You just gave him the start.
You just got him in the door, Shane.
Buddy, yeah, I gave him the start all right.
But they had a lot of fun.
Let me tell you that.
They've seen a lot of things and a lot of fun times while they were there.
So it was a show for them while they were working there every night it was like canadians got talent and uh you know playing
for all the the habs guys just pissed drunk but giving them the x's but uh as far as sam roberts
is concerned like yeah he's like you know up there as one of the better artists in all of canada we
have a lot of american listeners but but check him out and and as far as far as jeremy charles
is concerned like anthony bourdain went i believe to newfoundland spent some time with him there
and interviewed him and and uh you know all the cuisine that comes from there so it was uh
you know he's big time he's an incredible guy and like i said the biggest thing for me is more
important is being good people and both of them are great great great people so it was nice seeing
him be so successful and do so well in life.
And yeah, I've been out east quite a few times doing different charity events.
I spent a lot of time with TR and Jeremy.
And like I said, we have a lot of a lot of good times.
I don't remember a lot of it, but I'm sure it was it was fun.
What was your what was your nickname with the boys throughout your career?
I had a few of them, to be honest with you.
One was one was Hammer.
We won't say why.
Oh, what a legendary nickname.
The only other Hammer I know, I think guys called Sheldon Surrey Hammer.
When you're called Hammer, you got a lot of things going for you.
No pigeons are called Hammer.
Surrey, eh?
Sheldon was my roommate when we played together in Montreal.
Can you picture that, roommates?
Oh, shit.
How about that tandem?
Wow, so that was right when he came into the league, or was that with Jersey?
When he left Jersey, he came to Montreal,
and we were roommates for about a year,
and that was enough for me.
Was he, like, getting 20 goals, 25 goals right away in Montreal,
or was that taking him a little while to get that offense?
What are we talking?
On ice.
On ice talks.
Off ice, I would have said 150 games exactly he's the gretzky of off ice
yeah yeah that's what i meant uh it took him it took him some time i think i think he started
doing that more especially in edmonton right yeah but anyways he was just incredible on the ice and
off the ice so and he was a great roommate awesome roommate uh obviously one of the best looking guys
in the league i'll tell you that he did well for himself but he was a he was a gem good hockey
player good teammate and uh even a better roommate jane biz mentioned the restaurant in
but we got to go way way way back back to when you're a kid your family owned a family restaurant
that you work at is that basically where your work ethic came from and stuck with you through
your whole career yeah i mean my parents worked so hard to you know they're the reason why
i got today and sean made it to where i got to obviously they sacrificed a lot put a lot of hard
work in but yeah we had the we had a mom's pantry was called and buried we had it for years uh
my dad died at 45 but my mom and my sister continued on running it we just sold it about
uh probably 12 years ago 13 years ago somebody that worked at a restaurant uh bought it from us actually and uh yeah i mean that's something my
dad my mom taught me all along is be a good person be humble and work hard and if you want to be
successful in life you got to work at it whatever you do whether it's a hockey player police officer
lawyer doctor whatever you want to be you got to work at it so yeah i washed dishes there and
i had some fun there it lasted about two weeks I think though
the first time my dad fired me out of the kitchen because you have the spray thing to wash the
dishes off and me and my buddy that my goal to actually was my best friend growing up now
he was a goaltender with our team we were screwing around fucking around the kitchen and my dad
coming to caught us and well can't really say it nowadays a little different but he gave me a kick
in the ass and told me to get out you're fired and I got hired back the next day by my mom though so it was all good she was the boss
of the house but i mean yeah that's where i you know they taught me to work hard and i thank them
for that that's for sure there's uh yeah there's no substitute there but when you sold it did they
keep the same name is it still the restaurant with the same name or they change everything
no they kept it was called uh mom's pantry so's Mom's Pantry. They're still there.
I think, actually, I just heard that it got sold again and they were doing some renovations.
So I'm not sure if the name is going to change, but that just happened a couple months ago.
So it was pretty cool.
We have a lot of great memories there.
Every Friday night, my dad would fill up the salad bar with beer and wine and stuff.
And we'd have a lot of family parties there and friends and family would come over and we'd have a great time.
So a lot of great memories.
There are a few scraps outside in the parking lot a few times
too so they're legendary we're by my dad and his uncle and my uncles his brothers are well known
and buried for that so we had a few of those nights too it was good well i was gonna ask you
about you growing up and playing were you do you always have a chip on your shoulder as far you
know scrapping on the ice and i know i know i've heard a few stories of you scrapping off the ice
as well yeah i've had a few i of you scrapping off the ice as well.
Yeah, I've had a few, I've always played with a chip on my shoulder.
To be honest, you growing up, I was one of the smaller guys in my team.
So I just played with a chip on my shoulder and everybody said I was too small to ever, to ever make it to the NHL or get to even the OHL.
And, and I always tell my son,
just getting the OHL was a success for him and for myself and all you guys
too. You guys played well, which is from different from us. So it's different,
but I mean yeah, I played with chip mitchell i tried to play hard all the time tried to do the
job defensively play offensively and and i was always a chippy player and a nasty player and i
tried to play that way my whole life when did you start popping up on like scouts radars or you know
travel teams that type of stuff i mean i i mean i think it was pretty early like
to be honest in my minor hockey career i played in barry just about 45 minutes north of toronto
we were we were a single a team actually back then barry's doing a lot it's triple a team now
but started popping up probably more in peewee i went to the quebec major peewee tournament and
had a really good uh tournament there but i mean again we had a really good team our team was
incredible i played the same guys my whole life uh sean Dean and Brian Sear were my my winger my wingers and they were
incredible hockey players so they helped me a lot but so I think I started popping up on their radar
and peewee and then it just went from there but I was lucky enough to have great coaching and
and great teammates all the way through it so yeah it was pretty cool it was so far back I
didn't even realize Brantford had an ohl team and you
thanks thanks biz i know i'm old buddy but i'm not that old but i appreciate it but yeah brantford
brantford was fun yeah what was what was that experience like and did the team end up moving
or did you just get traded after that first year no no i played for the same junior team my whole
career we we were i was dropped by brantford and after the first year our owner moved us to
hamilton jack roble i was owner he he owned a bunch of gas stations sunny gas station great I was drafted by Brantford, and after the first year, our owner moved us to Hamilton, Jack Roble. I was the owner.
He owned a bunch of gas stations, sunny gas stations.
Great person, great owner.
But I just wasn't working at Brantford, which is too bad.
It's a great hockey town, Gretzky's hometown,
and a lot of great people there.
But we moved to Hamilton.
But, I mean, Dave Draper drafted me.
He was my GM and coach for my first year and a half.
Amazing person.
But the experience there was good,
except for my first couple days in in branford in my rookie camp i uh i showed up in a in a camaro new camaro right and a few of the
guys i guess a few of the guys didn't i had the dice on the mirror and everything i don't know
what i was doing oh my i didn't have the dice i'm kidding you were gonna kill me yourself weren't you like dazed and confused shit he had a paddle
so i show up in this car and first day of training camp i come out it's a hot august day because
we're playing you know training camp in junior hockey in ontario was in august and sure enough
there's a big shit in the hood of my car and uh it was bob probert and todd francis and everybody
knows bob probert and franny
was another nails guy was drafted out of montreal canadiens the second round but never made he had
an eye injury never got the chance to play but yeah they decided that i was a cocky young rookie
and deserved to be brought down a few notches and they probably were right so they shit the
hood of my car it was it wasn't just sitting there it was melting down the front of my hood
and i'm thinking to myself i'm gonna get i'm gonna go and whoever did this right so i'm like running around saying who the fuck did this i want to
kill them right and somebody goes it was probie and i went that's okay that's all good it's all
good i'll clean up myself you missed the spot that's what probie and franny was and they end
up being my line mates probie was my left winger for a year and a half and franny was as tough as
probie was but never made because he had an eye injury he was my right wingerium i was my left winger for a year and a half and franny was as tough as probie
was but never made because he had an eye injury he was my right winger so i was pretty lucky so
i mean they took care of me for the next year and a half until probie got traded this suit but yeah
i he was there saying okay you missed that spot you missed that spot but yeah i had to drive him
around for the next six months so he's like actually the camaro's mine now that's right
go get it washed and it's mine now i claimed
it by shitting on it exactly like a dog kisses on a tree they shit on my car they said it's mine now
and i didn't argue with him i drove him everywhere he wanted to they made you fill up the gas tank
too every time buddy everything yeah i was under their control that's such a good story fucking
oh man did you get a chance uh to meet meet Walter Gretzky while you were there?
Yeah, actually I met Walter.
I became really good friends with Wayne Gretzky.
He was a buddy of mine.
I got to play with him in the 91 Canada Cup.
We were line mates in the Canada Cup.
Him and Steve Larmer were my line mates from day one.
Actually that's the year you had 60 guys
come into camp and try out.
And I was lucky enough for something
beyond his line from day one.
So I kind of knew that I might have a chance, but I didn't expect to make it to be honest didn't
really even want to go I didn't thought I didn't think I belonged but my dad talked me to go on
for the experience really yeah talked me to go for the experience and I ended up making the team
and playing with Gretzky and uh shit I remember going into the room and seeing the lineup and
I went oh my god I'm playing with Gretzky and Larmer and Larmer's one of the most underrated
players I've ever played with my entire life yeah nicest person oh greatest roommate line he was my roommate in the Canada
Cup but do it all kill penalties playing the power play but I mean I mean in the first training camp
the first practice the first actually scrimmage Gretzky sets me up with a wide open net and what
do I do I heal it like I need to be four or five feet from that to put in the open net to be honest
I was about 10 I healed it in the accord I'm going oh my god I'm off his line for sure I'm done I'm cut and Gretzky came over being
who he is and just came over and said you know what of course don't worry about it you'll get
lots more of those but he was just an incredible guy so during that time I got to know Walter
really well Mr. Gretzky he's just an amazing person I'm telling you he's nicest person most
humble guy and never said no to a fan for a picture or an autograph then I got to spend a
lot of time with him after hockey.
We used to go down to Gretzky's Fantasy Camp in Vegas,
which was actually started in Phoenix and then it moved to Vegas.
And I got to spend a lot of time with him.
And it was just, it was an honor for me.
And like, I learned so much and had so much respect for him.
It was just, it was incredible to spend time with that person.
And not to say Vegas wasn't a bad spot to be for seven days and it all paid for and have some fun with the
gretzky family and the rest of the rest of his buddies right it was a pretty good time
so it's funny because you say steve larmer and sometimes if you go on hockey db that steve
larmer's a name that if you check out his stats you'll be blown away you're like what yeah he he
did that in the nhl so like an all-time great that doesn't get talked about much but you talk about like not wanting to go and like
actually not thinking you belong and nowadays i feel like so many younger players are just
programmed to say like i'm as confident as i can be i think i'm as good as anyone else whereas
maybe a little different back in your time where you're like dude i don't know if i have it yeah
no you're right for sure i think times have changed you know for the good and the bad I'll be honest yeah I mean there's
some kids that it's okay to be confident to be cocky it's not so good and I think nowadays there's
a little bit more cockiness at times that I don't like to see in the game but that's part of it and
that's that's the world we live in for sure there was a lot of guys that played uh with a little bit
less confidence and and you know we all know confidence is a big thing in life you got to be
confident you're not going to be successful either but you do have your times or
you're not confident and when things are rolling really good you have all kinds of confidence so
I definitely think that that's part of the game that's changed and you're right I think they
programmed that into the kids and I think uh being a little bit you know sometimes when people are
hard on you I've had coaches were hard on me through my career and sometimes ruins that and
you don't have the confidence you should have moving on and we all know we've had coaches who were hard on me through my career and sometimes ruins that. And you don't have the confidence that you should have moving on. And we all know we've had coaches where they put you in situations to be successful.
And coaches put you in situations that you're not successful.
So there's so many things that depend on confidence and doing well and being and believing in yourself.
And I think that nowadays the kids at times can be a little bit too confident, saying cocky.
But I like to see the confidence.
I love to see people that are confident because it's very important,
especially for our young kids.
I have four young kids myself and I want them to be as confident as possible.
Just don't go overboard and be cocky. It's not something that I like.
Yeah, I'd say it's a pretty fine line because yeah,
you want to have a little confidence in life,
but you don't want to be a cocky bastard.
I want to go back to Stevie Lama for a second.
How many packs of gum did that guy have in his stall?
Every time you saw that guy, he was chomping on gum like a madman.
Never mind packs of gum, buddy.
Packs of cigarettes.
I room with him in the Canada Cup.
I room with him in the Canada Cup.
And every morning I get up, it was like a smoke show in there.
He'd be having a cigarette and coffee in 91 Canada Cup.
And I called my parents and I said, Mom, Dad, you got to come down to Toronto and get a room at the Westin here.
I can't stay in this room with alarms.
But he chewed more gum than any human being I've ever seen.
And other than Guy Lafleur, he smoked more cigarettes
than anybody I've ever seen.
And the way he played was incredible because, like I said,
and Witt said it, man, the guy's numbers are amazing.
But he wasn't just an offensive player.
He played defensively.
He did it all.
He killed penalties, played in the power play. And you what there's there's tough and he was tough he was tough on the
puck he didn't have to fight and drop his gloves there was other guys who could do that for him on
his teams but he was strong in the puck tough in the corners tough in the front of the net
and uh just an incredible human human being but yeah he had they replaced uh they put at least
two or three packs of gum in his stall every
between every intermission and every intermission for sure it was crazy but and the cigarettes trust
me i was in the room i couldn't even see you could cut it with razor blades that there was
so much smoke in there uh god those were the days uh we were going to go back to the ohl for a
second we were told that you had a little uh brawl on the side of the road uh during your ohl career
do you want to fill us in on the hammer the hammer there's a lot of grease balls in the
hammer i'm not surprised you're getting one on the side of the road let me tell you i know i know
where you're from busy busy i mean i love playing in hamilton and i i love old school i mean i grew
up in a small town very it was 27 000 people i left it's 125 now but i mean we used to i could
tell you all
kinds of brawl stories with my family and the lawson family in my hometown but yeah this one
was this one was pretty crazy i mean uh again we were driving in my car with todd franny another
todd francis the right winger franny we called him was driving the car and uh gary mccolgan was uh in
the car with us he was in the back seat we called him cheesy he was a gold scorer never made it but
we're driving along and all of a sudden somebody's giving us the high beams blah blah blah boom boom boom honking the horn
on us pulls up his size he's giving us the finger we're looking at this guy's one guy in a car we're
thinking what's this guy doing man so guys tell him to pull over pull over pull over so we pull
over wrong door we're thinking this is great like there's three of us there's one of him
so we pull over he pulls it we pull into a parking plaza. I'll never forget it.
We pull in.
I jump out.
Franny jumps out.
And Gary McColgan just sits in the back seat, just sits there.
And he's kind of watching, right?
And I'm thinking, okay, what's he doing?
Whatever.
There's two of us still.
We got this guy.
And he wasn't a big, big guy, but he was thick as anything.
And I'm thinking, oh, my God, okay.
So I kind of square off with him first.
And we're going out.
And I'm hitting him with everything I got.
And he's just looking at me like, what do you got?
Is this all you got? And then he's looking around. And all of a sudden, I said, Franny, get in here. I'm hitting him with everything I got. He's just looking at me like, what do you got? Is this all you got?
And then he's looking around and all of a sudden I said, Franny, get in here.
I'm getting excited.
I kicked him right in the balls and he doesn't even fucking budge.
It's like, oh my God, he's got still balls too, right?
Holy shit, what's happening here?
Like this guy, I'm looking at Franny like thinking, Franny, get in here with me.
Help me out, right?
So Franny gives him everything he's got, nails him.
The guy just turns, looks at him and goes, when I'm done with him, I'm going to kill you.
And all of a sudden, I see Cheesy.
I look over and I'm thinking, Cheesy, get out of the car.
He puts his window down about three inches and looks at him and goes, hey, boys, you need any help out there?
Puts the window back up.
The goal scorer.
Puts the window back up.
The goal scorer, right?
Puts the window back up.
And after Franny drills the guy, the guy starts chasing Franny.
And Franny's running out of the car.
And I look at Franny.
I'm yelling, Franny, Franny, let's get in the fucking car and get out of here.
So we jump in the car and we're gone we take off
we said enough with this guy like we had given everything we had and he didn't it didn't even
put him on the ground he was gonna who was this guy oh my so we jump in the car we jump in the
car we're flying franny's flying we're terrified right we're thinking who is this guy so we're
flying the car and there's the 401 it's a big highway up here in charlotte all of a sudden
cheesy yells up goes holy fuck since when did the 401 have stoplights because we were so scared we were flying through the stoplights
all the red lights so we get to practice the next day and we're starting to ask around there's a
couple of guys that played our team from hamilton ronnie ronnie bernacchi uh mike barice all played
in hamilton and we're gonna we're gonna just fight with this guy uh last night blah blah blah and
they go we heard the story this guy just got a jail for manslaughter no way he had dropped he was a he was a weight guy workout guy and i guess he had dropped some
weights on a guy in the gym one time i guess he was he he was with a gang in hamilton you know
bizzer come from there oh yeah it's fucking crazy eastenders and all those guys remember there was
the one game called these centers i can't remember the another but he was involved in one of those
gangs and i guess they had to teach a guy last they dropped a weight on his head and got man were you you're panicked
about maybe running into him again or did like was he like out to get you was that kind of the
end of it well there was rumors that they were out to get us and we were terrified trust me
uh witty because I'm telling you right now Franny was one tough dude he's about 220 pounds and he
could hit and we I give him everything I got and he didn't move and same with with franny and then we actually came back from a road trip and all
our windows were smashed in and our tires were cut there he was there he was he got us back in
another way because i don't the east ender yeah he did well biser knows that area that wasn't it
wasn't a pretty area at that time i wouldn't go i wouldn't even go to what was the it was called
hess village i wouldn't even go there because you would hear about all the scraps that would be going on there and and man that is that is pretty
nutty that this guy was just buzzing around town just looking for anybody who would go him on the
side of the road that's like fucked up that's the fact that you guys even pulled over as the more
the more the more fucked up thing is we actually pulled over and thought we're gonna be okay with
the three of us and then he chased us off there were three tough hockey players and he chased us down the street like two three little
babies but yeah it was pretty tough town it was an awesome place to play and there's there's there's
many more stories like that trust me hey you're like hey probes you yeah you can keep my camaro
but you got to come give me a little bit of help here in hamilton we had probie actually in
hamilton for the first half a year and then then we traded him to Sue, which was great to do
because we ended up having a brawl with him on a Sunday afternoon game, TV game.
And unfortunately, Proby was on the other team.
But we had a pretty tough team anyways.
We got into a couple with Proby too when he was there.
There was Proby and Troy Crowder and Dennis Vial was on our team,
Kirk Tomlinson.
We had a really tough team, Sammy Haiti, Johnny English.
We weren't short on tough guys.
But the Sunday afternoon game was like just a shit show.
I mean, Proby was on the Sioux at that time,
and it was a Sunday afternoon game, TV game on the Sunday, big deal.
And we ended up getting into a brawl.
Our goalies are beating our goalies up on the bench.
There's fights everywhere on the ice.
The fight must have went on for an hour and a half.
Bill LaForge was our coach at the time. He actually coach on the ice the fight the fight must have went on for an hour and a half bill laforge was our coach at the time he actually coached in niagara falls after and he
was really good to me when he's a tough tough coach but he was crazier than hudal and he had us
so we were fighting for about an hour and a half but the funny part was it after it was all over
and this is getting filmed like they filmed it all laforge was thrown out of the league he was
thrown to the western hockey league but billy dines our our trainer god rest his soul is gone now
uh he passed away he comes out in the ice with a shopping but Billy Dines our trainer God rest his soul is gone now he passed away
he comes out in the ice with a shopping
cart to pick all our hockey gear up and we're going oh my
God like this is really good for Sunday
afternoon hockey for all the young kids wanting
to play hockey one day and there we are
right from church there's our
there's our train right from church
they don't let me in those places
when I only go at Christmas time
and I have a tough time
getting in there but hey you have to go to a metal detector when you go to church the one night a year
i mean this picture this game on tv with you guys just scrapping in the train or just putting the
gloves inside the shopping cart buddy it was crazy and and i'm telling you when the gloves
were going in the shopping cart and how much it was just like oh my god like what what just happened but it was a crazy day we just had jovo on and he was
telling the story about when they were playing sarnia i think it was the first round of playoffs
and the player ended up going after him and then and then he got his helmet off and he had in his
hands and he's beating him over the head with it and after the fight and the old windsor barn was
was absolutely bananas and in the midst of that, like a Sarnia guy and the fan
were playing tug of war with a stick.
But on the way off the ice,
I believe the last guy's last name was Maxwell.
He just turns around and just double barrel finger
the crowd on the way out.
There was like three guys left on the bench for Sarnia
by the time the game was up.
And that was just the way it was back then.
Oh, it was crazy.
I mean, I watched that.
I watch you guys quite often as my kids do.
So I'm like, it's an honor for me to be on with you guys.
And I love it.
My kids are so excited and all their buddies.
But I actually watched that.
It was pretty crazy when he was trying to hit him with the helmet.
And talking about the Windsor Barn, it was crazy, man.
That place was nuts.
Kevin Kerr was there when I played.
And he was a tough nut and a good little hockey player.
But speaking of Jovo, let me tell you, that's probably one of the craziest moments of my hockey career.
I made a lot of mistakes when I was playing and did a lot of crazy shit.
But, I mean, because Jovo was playing for Vancouver, was playing for Montreal all the time.
And we kind of got into it.
It was more of a scrum.
There was a bunch of guys in there.
And we couldn't really get at each other.
We wanted to.
Or maybe we didn't want to.
I don't know.
There was a little bit of respect there anyways.
Until we started swinging our sticks at each other. and I think I caught him on the head with
the stick and got a five-minute major and he might have caught me with a pretty good two-hander
across the knee we get uh thrown in the penalty box referees come over and they go with oh they're
gone we get five we're gone and I don't know what happened I blacked out it was so and he had said
something to me I don't know it was something like maybe over the line but that happened back in the
day I lost my marbles went crazy he went to his restroom and don't know, something like maybe over the line, but that happened back in the day. I lost my marbles, went crazy.
He went to his restroom and I went off the ice and went into the hallway.
Went right past my dress room, back to the end hallway where all the media is and all the workers are back there, security's back there.
I go flying down the back hallway, pushing all the security guards out of the way, tell them to get the fuck out of my way.
They're going, what are you doing?
Right down to the hallway,
down to their dress room and into their dress room.
Then I'm kind of blocked out at this point.
So I'm just going bananas.
Right.
And I'm actually,
so Todd Bertuzzi's hurt.
He's in the dress room when I get there.
And a trainer that played was our,
our stick boy in Hamilton was the trainer Bernstein for the Vancouver Canucks.
So I get into the room I'm
yelling screaming I want to fight I'm in Vancouver's dress room I when I first came to to be honest
boys I came to I looked down I'm standing on the Vancouver Canucks emblem in their dress room when
I came to because I blacked out oh it was in their building it was in the Vancouver building I thought
you were at the home team no I was in was in Vancouver, walked right by the dress room,
my dress room, down the hall, past all the security guards,
all the people in the back hallway to get to their hallway,
to their dress room, went down their hallway,
pushed the security guards out of the way, went into their room.
And then Bertuzzi was there, not dressed.
He was injured.
And the trainer that knew me came running because everybody was screaming
and going crazy
and saying, what the hell is going on?
And I'm in there yelling at Jovo trying to fight him
and Todd goes, enough's enough
and Bernstein gets in and he's going on and on.
And that's what I came to
and I'm standing on the emblem
and I remember going, what the fuck am I doing?
And then I just had my helmet in my hand.
I didn't know what to do with it.
I was kind of like, what the hell am I doing?
So I threw my helmet at Jovo
and then turned around and left and went back to my own room now in the in these
days now boys nowadays that you'd be suspended probably for life you'd be arrested oh god they
probably gave you a beer on the way out back then yeah well the trainers on our team had a couple
ice cold beers for you ready to go so it was all good i think i got suspended for i don't know four
or five games but it wasn't too bad. I needed a break anyway.
Like planes, trains, and automobiles.
They're all like, you're going the wrong way.
You're going to the wrong locker room.
All right, speaking of planes, trains, and automobiles,
I think I missed every one of those during my career.
Hey, that's another story I heard.
I heard you missed so many team flights.
I missed a couple flights.
Let me tell you, I missed a couple flights.
Not a lot, a couple flights.
Maybe two or three buses. A couple dozen i missed a couple flights not a lot a couple flights maybe two or three buses and uh a dozen maybe a couple dozen maybe late for a few but i missed uh i missed two flights
actually i'll never the one was in montreal it was an honest mistake actually i it was when the
clocks had to change and all that stuff and i didn't i didn't change mine i might have been
out the night before i don't remember actually i think i was actually might have had a girlfriend of mine might have been married but at that time can't remember
anyways i'm heading to the airport i got there i'm sitting there sitting there sitting there and
then i got a call from my i think it was my wife and she was you know you were supposed to move the
clocks back right you're you're an hour your flight's late and i went what if i ran to the
fucking uh terminal into the gate i get to the gate and the fucking plane's backing out so i go
to the people at the gate can you can you call the pilot tell him you know shane corson we're in
montreal i thought you know they could call the pilot he could tell burns he did pilot would pull
back up they're only about 10 feet out well he did all that for me but the stewardess goes to
burns he goes corson's at the gate he's waiting he wants to see can we pull back in 10 feet to
get him he goes fucking leave him there they left me there I had to get my own way the better one
though was when we were in Edmonton and thank god so we're at uh Brent Gilchrist is getting married
so we have this his bachelor party in Edmonton that one of the bars one of our friends owned
a bar there in town and we got pretty banged up that night. I set my alarm when I got home. I thought I set it properly, but I set it for p.m. instead of a.m.
I remember waking up out of the cold sweat and hung over.
I look at my watch and I go, holy shit.
I look at the alarm.
The alarm didn't go off.
Oh, my God.
I was late.
I was going to be late.
I knew it.
I thought if I could maybe get there in time and just get on the last minute.
I'm running out of the condo.
My buddies live with me at the time.
I go, Mel Dogg, Mel Dogg, the goalie. The goalie the goalie again he goes to me i go you got to get
me to the airport you got to get me there so he's raced me there i've got my shirt undone ties all
over the place i'm sweating i'm thinking oh my god i'm i'm getting traded from edmonton i was
playing at edmonton at the time i'm thinking oh my god i gotta get to edmonton airport i get out
there i'm running in i'm thinking oh shit who do i? It's Peter Klima and Cedeno Seeger walking down the fucking hallway, too.
And I'm thinking, oh, my fucking Lord, I'm not the only guy.
And it even gets better.
I'm thinking, thank God I'm with two other guys.
So we go through security.
We get to the gate, and there's six other guys sitting there at the gate
waiting to get  we're like, oh, my God.
So it was like  I think it was seven or eight.
Two, three.
I think it was like seven or eight of us that missed the flight.
We had to get our own flight.
We were playing in Buffalo.
We were going to Buffalo.
So we had to get our own flight, fly to Toronto.
We got a van to take us from Toronto to Buffalo
and we played the next night.
You know, the crazy thing is that the media found out
obviously about everything.
Everybody talked about everything, blah, blah, blah.
Slots, all he said to us is you win the next two games.
We were playing Buffalo and Boston. You win the next two games and it's forgotten
about and slots was really cool that way and sure enough we had two of our best games that year which
we weren't having a great season my years in edmonton were a little tough we won both games
and nothing nothing happened to any of us and the guy at stag it was brent gilchrist made it to the
plane it was on the plane puking his brains out in the toilet but there's seven or eight of us
that didn't make the flight. Not a free site.
We don't want to jump to Edmonton quite yet.
I got to go back to Montreal when you first broke in the league, Shane.
That's when I first started watching you back in the mid-80s.
You were an eighth overall pick.
Was that a surprise to you about where you expected to go?
What were your expectations before the draft?
Well, I was actually, on draft day, I was ranked fifth overall
and had a bit of a brawl again.
A lot of fighting and drinking and missing planes and shit like that.
But we had a little bit of a brawl with another family.
There was another family in Barry.
We were the course of family.
There was a loss in family and we got into a bit of a fight with him so i ended up getting in some trouble with the law and stuff like that so
it kind of knocked me down a few notches to the uh but i ended up getting and we had met montreal
the night before my dad my dad wasn't a big montreal canadiens fan he was a big leaf fan growing up
and uh they had met with him and they had told me they're gonna take me fifth
and they actually ended up taking peter sabota who was from chuckels of ac they had snuck him
into the country and dropped him fifth and that made my dad even more pissed off and
hated him even more but they ended up making a trade and uh picked me eighth overall anyways
even though the trouble and Barry that summer but uh yeah it was pretty cool I mean I was just happy
to get to get drafted to be honest I just wanted to get the opportunity to play him and uh reach
reach my goals and dreams of playing in the NHL and I mean I know so many guys that never got drafted and had great careers and I know a lot of guys that got drafted in the first
round I played with play with two of my good buddies both drafted by the same team um were
drafted in the first round to the LA Kings and never made it so I'm I mean it doesn't really
matter but it was it was exciting to be drafted by the Canadians in the forum where the draft was
held every year for a long time now it moves around so yeah it was pretty pretty cool and um kind of expected to go in the first round somewhere
but i was just happy to get drafted and yeah you had three games all right sorry one sec one sec
i gotta go back part of that story you say that your your family your family sounds like the old
doyles and billy madison did you have another did you have another rival family in the town the
lawson's and you guys just like yeah that was actually there you have another rival family in the town, the Lawsons?
You guys just like...
Actually, there was a Lawson family and a Murphy
family, and they were like cousins.
You guys just chucked them with all
of them.
Yeah, there was a buck and dole.
They had a buck and dole.
What's that, a stag? Yeah, they had a stag
and a bachelorette together, right?
So they headed out at an old farm.
And my sister dated one of the guys in the past.
And she ended up dating this guy, Roger Belanger.
He was a first-round pick of the Pittsburgh.
Yeah, he's from Welland.
Yeah, from Welland, Ontario.
I became good friends with him.
He dated my sister.
And they had this big plan to get us at.
They invited us to this big party.
And they had a plan to get us.
And they jumped, bam, bam.
We called him Roger Belanger down the washroom. And next thing you know, know the shit hit the fan my dad was down there trying to break it up and
they gave him a smack and there's only five or six of us a ton of us so there was game on we got into
it at the farm and they got the better of us probably i mean my dad's ear was half ripped off
my nose were broken where bam bam went to the hospital the broken jaw but we left there we got
out we fought our way out of there somehow where they were like chased us out of there we got out of there and got in the car went back to
the family restaurant going back to the restaurant where everything happened and all the thinking
went on we got back there my dad says fuck this and he called his two brothers i had uh two uncles
iver and peter and they were two big tough dudes and he called them he said we're fucking going
back so they came over the restaurant we went back and we got the better of them on the second half
this holy on the second half of the fight we got we got the better of them on the second half this holy
on the second half of the fight we got we got the better of them so they were the last in the
murphy family they were well known around town too they're from the uh the area they weren't
right from very small town just outside of barry but yeah so that kind of that kind of left a bit
of a stand on some of the teams i guess the hl but it was hey they whoever didn't pick you family
everyone should have wanted you the way you played it's hey they whoever didn't pick you family everyone should
have wanted you the way you played it's like uh course and rules that's my new saying for you
that was your family fucking sons of anarchy over here
cruising around on the harleys that's a whole another that's another whole story boys we won't
get into that one though yeah but hey you want to fight and rough and outy or what
jesus yeah i mean you know what you know how it is biz oh yeah and everybody we know how it is
you mean family's family you do and stick up for your family no matter what and absolutely i'll be
honest something my dad taught me from a young kid even being on the ice and you know don't don't
start anything uh try not to start fights it's not it's not cool or be the guy
that finishes them and there's the quiet guy and you know my family were usually pretty good at
that but i mean i know there's a lot of fight stories and it's it's a different world nowadays
back in the day you could get away with doing that stuff and and and it would be a fist fight
you might get a bloody nose but uh it's changing now there's knives and guns and shit like that
and it's just not even worth it i tell my boy just go out and have a fun time somebody starts some shit and wants to be an asshole just
leave go somewhere else with your buddies it's not worth it 10 years later it don't matter shane
no no don't matter don't matter shit now back then it was fun and it was all fun and games and they
were the same type of people we were there are good people it was just two families that you know
yeah didn't want to shit on each other have you guys been able to bury the hatchet since
you know what um we tried it but then one of shit on each other. Have you guys been able to bury the hatchet since?
You know what?
We tried it, but then one of them stabbed the other one with the hatchet.
That's when the knives and guns came out.
No, no, we don't do that stuff.
Yeah. You know what?
I've ran into him in the past and you know, it's under water under the bridge,
man. It happened. We were all younger. I mean, I was 17 years old when it happened with me and you know, like I said,
it's changed the world's changed and I've changed a lot. You know,
I just love going out and having fun and hanging with my buddies and telling
stories and stuff like this and doing things like this.
That's why I enjoy these types of things, especially this one's one of the best,
but we've, we've, uh, we've ran at each other and it's, we like,
we get a good laugh about it. They went on with their lives.
They have kids now and families too. And we all know that things have changed.
And it was just a different world back then.
A few straps of the drive-in too which was pretty fun outside the style well i i was
saying yeah you had the three games at montreal late in the 86 season now were the black aces a
thing back then were you a black ace how did that all play out during the playoffs for you shane
yeah i mean i was lucky enough to play the first i think i played three games the first 10 games
and then had a meeting with Serge Savard,
who was our GM at the time.
And he was really good about it.
He said, like, what do you want to do?
Do you want to stay here?
And he was honest with me.
He said, you're not going to play every game.
And when you do play, you might not play much, right?
So I kind of said it might probably be better
for my development and my agent thought the same thing
and my parents thought the same thing.
And Serge himself actually thought the same thing,
that go back to junior hockey,
get the opportunity to play in the World Junior Championships junior championships again the world junior championships were held in
Hamilton so it was going to be fun so I just thought it was better for my development to go and
and play the the season in junior hockey playing the world championships and get some confidence
as we talked about confidence earlier and uh and then actually the funny thing is uh Andre Boudreaux
who was our assistant GM that uh in Montreal at the time he actually met me in me in London and came down with me and met with me and talked to me.
He said, we're going to have you come up in the playoffs.
He didn't tell me if I was going to play or how much I was going to play.
He had a plane ticket for me and everything at the time.
Technology and all that stuff was different at the time.
I was all pumped up and excited because our junior team wasn't going to make the playoffs.
They had asked me if I wanted to be traded to a contender.
I said, I'd just rather just finish the season with my team I've been with them for three years and
and and fight we weren't totally out of it but there was gonna be a slim chance I didn't want
to quit on my team or my teammates and the organization and to the owner he was so good
so I ended up staying there and we didn't make the playoffs but the unfortunate thing is I got hurt
uh the last uh game of the season actually I tore up my knee and my ankle was in a cast up to my
hip so I ended up actually going up there but not getting the opportunity to even play till late um in the finals against Calgary I
actually got to go on the ice a couple times with the Black Aces which it was so much fun just being
around that team and watching what they did and how hard they had to work and what they had to go
through and how they had to get you know some luck and Patrick obviously played unbelievable
and their team played great and uh just to be around that atmosphere and then just to see the party
and be a part of the party, the Stanley Cup party in the city of Montreal,
like it was just, it was incredible.
And it's not the same as not being, you know,
bleeding and sweating with your teammates and being a part of it,
having your name in the cup.
But it was still pretty cool to be around those guys and see how hard
they worked to get that Stanley Cup.
Now I want to go to your first camp.
You know, you find yourself in this fabled locker room,
probably the most famous locker room in hockey, no doubt.
All these veterans that are basically connective tissue
to the greatest teams ever, the 70s Canadians.
Yeah.
Are you like space cadet?
Like, is your head spinning?
What's your reaction to all this being, you know,
in a room with Larry Robinson and Guy Cabanel and Bob Gainey all of a sudden?
Yeah, I mean, like I said, I wasn't a Montreal Canadiens fan,
but I always had respect for their organization
and the history they had and their players.
But to actually go on and be in the same dressing room,
I remember the first day I walked into training camp,
my first training camp, and I walked in the dressing room.
There's Guy Lafleur sitting there dressed in all black.
He loved black.
He had black cars, black clothes, everything, right?
And sitting there smoking a cigarette in the middle of the dressing room
at the Montreal Forum. I was like, oh, my God. Black lungs. Black lungs, too, but the, everything. Right. And sitting there smoking a cigarette in the middle of the dress room at the Montreal forum. I was like, Oh my God, the black lungs too,
but the guy could skate forever. But I mean,
those guys treated me with so much respect. I learned so much from them,
them, not just as hockey players, as people and human beings,
they were so good to the fans.
They never said no about an autograph or a picture.
And they just had so much respect for the game and so good to their teammates
and to have guys like that around like Jean Beliveau, Rocket Bichard, Guy Lafleur,
Yvonne Cornway, Lambert and then you mentioned the two guys then those guys I didn't really play
with I was with Guy Lafleur for a bit few training camps but Larry Robinson and Bob Ganey were two of
the greatest people I made I met in hockey and two of the greatest leaders and they were two
totally different people you know Bob was more even keeled straight laced and there was more of a fun guy telling jokes and more of a vocal guy but to have those two types of
guys around and be a part of that organization at that time was just incredible and like I said
they taught me a lot about uh the off ice thing and and I'll tell you what that organization they
they wanted you to have fun too often as long as you showed up at the rink and worked hard at
practice they didn't mind you having a good time and trust me boys i had a really good time i was in montreal and it's well
documented but those types of those guys were incredible well you bring that up and i can't
imagine like the you you go from hamilton and you know you don't have a ton of money and you're
playing junior hockey and all of a sudden you're in montreal canadians where you can't go anywhere
in the town good looking guy you're crushing it like i can where you can't go anywhere in the town. Good looking guy. You're crushing it.
Like I can't imagine how hard it was to really reel yourself in.
No, seriously. You're a young kid. It's like, I don't know.
You're so right, man.
I appreciate that because that's what people don't understand, man.
I came from barrier when I left barrier was like I said, 25, 27,000 people.
I didn't have a lot of money. My parents didn't have a lot of money.
They were great to us and they did what they could for us. But you know, all of a sudden I'm making like a hundred grand, which is a lot of money my parents didn't have a lot of money they were great to us and they did what they could for us but you know all of a sudden I'm making like a hundred grand
which is a lot of money my parents never made that uh even close to that and in a city like
Montreal and being a young guy and we had a lot of young guys in the team too there was a lot of
guys that came in that at that time there was you know Chelios was there and Momasso and Rishay and
Cortnell and Yurki Lume and Mike Keane and Brent Gilchrist.
And I mean, there's so many guys, great guys.
We had so much fun, but it was hard.
I mean, I'd find myself sitting in my apartment.
I'm going like, every night you had somewhere to go in Montreal.
It was, you know, Lac-Sion on Sunday night.
There was Bourbon Street on Monday night.
I could name them all.
Sir Winston Churchill's any time of the week.
Thursdays, you know them all.
Stanley Street, the Chez Paris.
Chez Paris, Monday through Friday.
Sunday, Sunday. Every day, a free buffet,
man. I was at the free buffet every year.
I hate to say it, every day it was free, so I went there,
right? But it was so hard.
You find yourself sitting there as a young guy and nothing
else to do, and you get bored.
400 breakfast. That's right.
No, they were free. The buffets were free. That's why I went there.
Yeah, yeah, sure. We know. We know the lap dances weren't no they were free the buffets were free that's why i went yeah yeah sure yeah we know we know okay you got me more than all right i went i was there at that
boys you gotta i gotta tell you one that's busy oh go ahead this is okay this is going back i gotta
tell you this story boys i mean yeah it's brutal but i did it i got my check for the montreal canades and i took it
and cashed that shape i went up to the bar there i had to sign it off i think i had to
give them a percentage and i cashed my check you're too weaker or your signing bonus and this
is your this is your by spike by by two weaker and if you imagine if they knew this is their
first rounder actually their check at this day for a rebut?
I mean, you're right, Wade.
It was such a hard time.
And we had such a great group of guys, young guys.
It was hard to contain yourself.
But we tried our best.
You know how the ATM hammers you at the strip club.
Imagine the money they take out to cash a check.
Yeah, that was actually the Canadian Spanx back then
because it was happening so much.
You know, they got the stamp on the back.
It's like, oh, no, we're used to this.
Every team.
Of course, we got to do this in person.
We're coming up to Toronto for some golf this summer.
I mean, we're not done yet, but I'm just saying that already.
Well, I would love to, boys.
I mean, like I said, I get down to Boston a lot.
And I'm being honest.
I actually earned these two hats somehow.
I know that they were very expensive hats for me.
But I come down to Boston and watch my daughter plays at Boston College,
plays hockey down there.
And I love Boston.
I mean, I was almost a Bruin at one point, too.
All right.
I was almost a Bruin.
When did that almost happen?
Pat Burns was the coach in Boston. And he was my favorite coach and we have a lot of good stories good and bad stories
actually he was like a father figure to me and he would kick me in the ass when i needed it and gave
me a hug when i needed it but he tried to trade for me when he was in boston and toronto so it
would have been i think it would have been pretty cool to play for the bruins it was kind of my
style and a great city and i just love the city now and i've got to know it better in the last
you know four years because we've always been down there playing hockey so i get down there quite a bit so
whether we do another podcast because there's a lot of stories boys lots we're doing another one
we'll go we'll go over them together one time and then we can talk about what we really can talk
about but i'd love to come down there and hang out with you guys and have a few cocktails with
you guys a few pink whitneys and a few good sundays my son started a company too so i gotta
oh nice shout that out. Good Sunday.
Good Sunday.
I got to pump him up because he's starting like you did.
You got to start somewhere, right?
We'll drop some Pink Whitney nips in that.
It'd be perfect.
I was going to say, I like cuckoo juice, right?
So I was thinking there's a good mix because cuckoo juice is really good.
It gets you going pretty quickly and gives you a really good buzz.
I don't even know what that is.
I need to get into that.
I think it's a cuckoo man named Hammer that knows about the cuckoo juice.
It's a little bit of a mix.
You can mix wherever you want there, Bidzer.
But I was thinking of Pink Whitney and the Good Sunny mixed together
because Good Sunny is more like a seltzer, right?
So it's more of a low-calorie, low-sugar, and low-alcohol drink.
So you can add the Pink Whitney to it and have really good cuckoo juice.
It's good for hangover days and golf days to be honest with you boys we'll call it the
whitney one-timer um hold on hey well go ahead no no you go ahead sorry buddy okay so there's a
couple ways i want to talk about pat burns but before that your daughter plays college hockey
um does it concern you that they're unable right now to figure out the the pro level
and and all the you you know, have you,
have you like dive into that at all? Like,
have you like done any research as to like what might be happening?
Because I would imagine she has aspirations to play professional hockey and be
paid a decent wage to do so.
Yeah. I mean, is right.
Women's hockey has come such a long way.
I actually did a thing today with Sammy Joe small,
the goaltender from Canada here,
won a bunch of gold medals and a great person.
And she's a big advocator for women's hockey and been a role model for a lot
of the girls coming up through hockey in Canada, especially, right?
And then Amanda Kessel.
And then, you know, Will will play with Keller,
who's in an unbelievable defenseman from the U.S.
and play with Keller and Newkirk and a bunch of girls that played for Boston
College Women.
They're great role models.
But, yeah, I mean, it's come a long ways, but it's got to go a lot further.
And I think it's got to be a lot more fair.
And I love to see women's hockey on TV, and I like to see them get paid a fair wage.
I mean, concerns of my daughter, she's a good enough player if she wants to play.
I just don't know if she has aspirations to do that or not.
I mean, you know how it is.
Sometimes you go through seasons where you had a bit of a tough season
and you get off of the game a bit or something in life and you don't want to do that or not. I mean, you know how it is. Sometimes you go through seasons where you had a bit of a tough season and you get off of the game a bit or something in life
and you don't want to do it.
But she had a great season this year.
Her team had a great year.
And, you know, I'll support her in whatever she wants to do.
If she wants to move on and play professional girls hockey,
I'd love her to do that because I think it teaches you a lot of life lessons
and it's a great sport and it keeps you in shape.
And if they can make a decent, fair wage at doing it, why wouldn't they?
And I think they deserve it.
And I hope that these girls,
the Olympic girls keep pushing hard from both Canada and the U S to see them get what they deserve. The girls,
because I think the girls hockey is great hockey. I love it.
I've watched it for since Willow was 10, she's 21 now.
And I think it's just a great sport and a great hockey. And you know,
they're all, they're both different. There's pluses to girls hockey,
there's pluses to guys and there's, there's differences for sure,
but I think they definitely deserve more.
And I think this is at the tip of the iceberg,
and I think they're working at it, and they'll keep doing that.
I agree, Shane.
The speed and the skill on display.
Well, we had an event a few weeks ago at Bastille,
and the young ladies, they're just so incredible.
The skill and speed on display is so different than it was 30 years ago.
Again, I've got to revert back to your first year in Montreal, your first training camp. about this the skill and speed on this play is so different than it was 30 years ago uh i i again i
got to revert back to your first year in montreal your first training camp you take on john kodak
who was probably one of the toughest guys in the league back then i mean i know you fought in junior
but i don't know if you had a fighting label how did that all come about and it kind of earned you
some respect in the locker room did you like fighting what was your take on all that as you
started out well after from all the stories off the ice, I think I didn't mind it.
But, I mean, I was afraid every time I got into a fight.
I mean, there's something wrong with if you're not afraid
when you're getting into a fight, and that was part of, you know.
So I came into Montreal.
They had just won the Stanley Cup as we spoke, and I was there,
but I didn't get to play.
They had a great team, great group of guys,
and I just felt that I needed to do something to get noticed in training camp
and stand out a little bit.
And I thought no better way than to try on Kordek, who was my agent,
who I ended up rooming with my first year in Montreal, actually,
and got to know him real well.
God rest his soul, too.
So I fought him in training camp and actually did pretty good.
I mean, I was out of fear.
I mean, I was terrified. I knew I wanted to do it and I was was out of fear i mean i was terrified i knew i
wanted to do it i was gonna do it but i was terrified but i ended up doing pretty good and
thank god for chris dylan because knuckles uh was really good to me when i came into the league and
took me under his wing and kind of taught me a little bit more about fighting i was just all out
just throw as many punches i could as quick as i could and hopefully hit him more than he hit me
and that didn't work at the next level and thank god he had taught me a few things before i fought
johnny because i probably would have got knocked on my ass or
knocked out so i had a little bit of a lesson from him not only that i actually did okay i wouldn't
say i won i said it was a tie but johnny was used to you know he thought he was gonna pummel me and
give kick the shit out of me right and i did pretty good but so he wanted to fight me again
and nox came over and said you're not fighting him again johnny that's our first rounder stay
away from him.
So I was pretty lucky.
And, you know, everybody respected Knuckles Nyland.
I mean, the guy did it for a long time and was a really tough guy and was really good to his teammates and did everything.
So Johnny stayed away from me for the rest of training camp,
and I'm so happy that it happened.
I actually ended up fighting him in Quebec, though.
He played for Quebec, and I guess he never forgot it.
And I ended up fighting him in Quebec, and it didn't go so well as the first one did I just had a lot of bubble uh uh bumps on my
head here like thinking oh my god all these bumps in my head I can't even get my helmet back on so
he didn't forget he didn't forget was that was Chellios doing uh the sauna trick back then when
he was going out and boozing did you guys have a sauna in the room at that point?
Were saunas even created back then?
No, we're not that old bizzare.
He was doing it, man.
I'll tell you right now, we were good friends, Chai and I.
He was just an amazing person, great teammate.
We were tight, really tight.
And he could go and he would stay out until the last drink was done
and then we'd head home.
But he'd be the first guy at the rink the next day and in the sauna and he'd be doing his sauna cold tub from back then he'd do
it we didn't have a cold tub at that time we just had the sauna but he'd do the sauna he'd ride the
bike in the sauna do push-ups and sit-ups in the sauna and this would be before we even went on the
ice for practice so that's how early he'd get here he was just a machine the guy's a machine
on and off the ice and one of my closest friends friends off the ice he's just an incredible dude so he's got even better better i'll tell you what with shelly
though he's a good swimmer right him and suitor are really good swimmers i'll never forget the
night we're at sir winston churchill's it's the first time i ever seen him swim the bar but he
jumped up in the bar and swims down the bar and knocking everybody's drinks and glasses all the
way oh my god and then they're suuter right behind him doing the same thing.
They were college buddies, I guess.
They were good friends.
But two beauticians and just great, great teammates.
Just to get the morale high, just all of a sudden,
like you hear all the glass breaking.
These guys are swimming across the bar.
Yeah, I'm just thinking, oh, my God, here we go.
There's going to be another.
We're going to be out of this place real quick.
And they just left him.
They let him do his thing. He had been there already, and I'm sure he'd done it out of this place real quick and they just left them they let him do his thing he had been there already and i'm sure he's done
it before in front of them and they just let him do what he wanted to do he was a he was like a
god montreal he was like a legend of montreal he loved him so he was allowed to do pretty much
anything he wanted to do back in the day you know things have changed now with telephones and all
this stuff you can't you can't do the things we did back in the day not a chance and i feel bad
for the guys they don't have nearly as much fun as us that's for sure oh god no i wouldn't all i know is when i had an older player in your generation tell me
that with the no cell phones you just got home from the bar and you you checked and you just
prayed that that that red light was blinking that you had a message like that's old school that's
you know you can have fun but i i think the summer of 92, you get traded from Montreal to Edmonton
and for Vincent D'Amfus.
Yeah.
Now, as a guy who got traded mid-season of a team who won the Stanley Cup
in Pittsburgh, shout out Chris Kunitz,
did you have any chance when you got dealt that they would have had a chance
to go on and win the Cup that next year?
I mean, I would never count the Canadians out,
especially with Patrick Waugh, right?
Paddy Waugh was just incredible.
He could win a championship all on his own.
He was that good.
And he just seemed to play even better in the playoffs.
The Bruins fans have seen him for many years.
He could win hockey games on his own.
So I never counted them out.
But no, I wasn't sure that they were that good enough to win,
but I knew they were good.
But with Paddy, like I said, we never counted them out.
And I mean, getting traded was, like I said, said I never watched I can't watch the Stanley I've never won a Stanley Cup so I can't watch guys carry the Stanley Cup around after the game
like I just turn the TV off after the game's over right away I don't want to watch that and I mean
I'm happy for all of them and I'm even happy for Vinny D'Amfus I mean he played his whole life
wanting to win that Stanley Cup and worked hard he's a great player and I actually ended up playing
with Vinny when I went back to Montreal my second second stint, he's just a super guy, a good teammate.
So I'm happy as can be for him that he won the cup,
but it was definitely really hard on me watching him carry the cup around.
But at the same time, super happy for the organization,
super happy for all those guys in that team.
Cause I played for a lot of them and they deserve it.
They worked hard and they were the best team that year.
And what an interesting spot you're in Edmonton.
And the difference being i mean this
is post dynasty every everyone's pretty moved on pretty much moved on you said i think tikkanen was
there yeah it must have been hard coming from such a winning culture to go into a place that
all of a sudden overnight just was so different than the prior 10 10 years yeah it was but it was
a different chapter of my life i mean i like you said with with being in montreal for the first
six years,
we had a chance to go deep in the playoffs every year,
and we did most of the years.
Other than the one year, I think we lost to Boston.
I think that's where all the changes started happening.
We lost to Boston, I think, four games to one.
My second last year there, I think, if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, 88.
That was when they finally beat the Jinx nearly on to one.
One of the years.
I was at that game.
I was at Ray Bork in the in the clincher
yeah so they things start changing then but i mean going to going to edmonton it was different
you're right the the dynasty was gone uh we were a pretty young team uh we weren't winning a lot
it was it was tough i mean we all love to win i mean it's not always all about well yeah it is
it's always about winning let's be honest but uh we had a great group of guys there and it was just i learned a lot from those guys there and i in my experience there i
loved edmonton like the city itself i i just enjoyed it because they love their old their
old school hard-working blue-collar people that love guys to come and play the game the way i
played it so i i was treated really fairly and really well there but it was a tough time in my
career and uh ended up signing as a restrictive free agent st louis after that
but definitely a big change going from montreal to edmonton but i did still really enjoy i made
some great friends there too uh luke richardson dave manson's a beautician uh kelly buckberger
uh louis de bros is a great person i mean louis was an amazing person and was great for our team
and i could just go on and on about the whole whole group of guys arnett and dougie weight was there at the time great hockey player uh bernie nichols was hilarious
klima was just a beautician like double time and you must have some isa teak in his stories
which is mentioned but he's no savage no kick is one of the best hockey players ever played with
and i mean he was the word like people ask me who chirped the most
or who was, like, the biggest rat on the team that you ever played with.
And I'd say Tick, but, like, every time he was chirping,
nobody could understand him.
We couldn't even.
We were his teammates.
We couldn't understand him.
It was, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What did you say, Tick?
And he'd be chirping at the other team,
and nobody would even understand what he was saying.
But that guy was so competitive and so intense
and a great hockey player.
And there's another guy that doesn't get the credit he deserves he could do it offensively and defensively and he
did he did it all he killed penalties played the power play he was just a super uh super player and
and uh a great hockey player and he liked to have a good time off guys too most fins do yeah yeah so
we've heard now we mentioned st louis you signed there as a free agent on July 28, 1995.
Why did you settle on St. Louis?
What was the main decision there?
To be honest, I was a restricted free agent.
It was the only offer I had on the table.
I mean, back then, there was no not-match movement in restricted free agents.
I think there was only two or three players at that time that had moved.
I think there was the Shanahan, the Stevens deal,
and then I don't know
if there was another one or not by then but I know uh yeah and it was tough I was trying to deal with
Glenn Sather Mr. Sather Glenn Sather who was the GM at the time and he was an amazing GM like that
guy was was incredible even coaches for a while but um he didn't want to give me the money and I
actually gave him the opportunity to match it Canadian dollars because back then we were paid
in Canadian dollars in Canada and then when you went to the states you got U.S. dollars and I liked it so much in Edmonton I said I'll
play for what they offered me in U.S. dollars for Canadian dollars and he didn't want to do it he
had a number in his head and you talk to anybody from Edmonton he's a tough negotiator and he
wouldn't he wouldn't give in and then when I signed with him he called me he goes I treated
you like a son he was pissed off at me but I mean I had to do what was best for me and I I knew that
St. Louis had a really good team too uh At that point, they had some really good key players.
And I had played for Keenan before in the Canada Cup in 91.
And I knew that he liked the style of play I played.
And I knew I'd get the opportunity to play in good situations
and get to play with good players.
But quite honestly, as a restricted free agent,
it was really the only other offer I had on the table.
And I jumped on it.
And I dig, just for our younger listeners back then,
the compensation was so much different. Like you,
you signed with St. Louis and as a result of that,
the Edmonton Oilers were awarded Curtis Joseph as a result of that sign.
And same thing when, when the blue signed, um, was it's Kevin Stevens.
And then Shanahan went to the devil.
So it was such a crazy system back then,
but then you ended up getting the captaincy,
but that must've been a little awkward because Brett hell had it before you. Shanahan went to the Devils. So it was such a crazy system back then. But then you ended up getting the captaincy,
but that must have been a little awkward because Brett Hell had it before you.
Yeah.
Well, going back to the other stuff, there used to be  you could either get pickups, like first-round picks or second-round picks
or put them together, a package.
But they ended up giving Kujo and Mike Greer,
who actually turned into being a really good player too.
Mike Greer was a good right winger and played really well with the others.
So, I mean, I loved playing at St. Louis, and I thought I did a pretty good player too Mike Greer was a good right winger and played played really well for the others so I mean I loved playing at St. Louis and I thought I did
a pretty good job the short time I was there but uh they they did really well too Curtis Joseph
who I played with later is just a great person and a great goaltender obviously I think he should be
in the hall of fame and Mike Greer was a heck of a hockey player too um and then I went to like you
said I went to St. Louis and uh I was the captain. Louis. I was actually the captain in Edmonton too.
I was named captain by the Oilers.
But when I was doing my contract and all that and got into a bit of a battle with George Burnett,
who was my coach, a young coach, and I was a young captain,
he wanted me to do some things that I didn't think were right for a captain to do.
So we just had different views on what a captain should be.
So we kind of decided that it probably wasn't the best idea to be a captain.
And not only that, the contract situation wasn't going going well so I just thought it was best that I
wasn't uh wearing the C at that time and I ended up leaving and going to St. Louis and saying that
you're right it was really awkward I mean they took the C off of Brett Hall who I think's one
of the greatest players and just one of the most funny guys I've ever played with and one of the
most talented players I played with because I played with him and Gretz in St. Louis on the line
when Gretz came to St. Louis in the trade but it was really tough yeah I mean
uh it's an honor to wear the captaincy and uh I enjoyed it but I only wore it for a short period
of time there too because I was more than happy to give it to Wayne Gretzky he was worth one of
the greatest players ever and he didn't want it but he deserved it and he should have it and to
be honest I was kind of happy to get rid of it at the time I got it in a situation I didn't really
want it I mean Holly was a great player it's a hall of famer and uh he was definitely
one of the leaders of our teams and it was just him and mike didn't get along great and that's
why it happened yeah were you there um were you there at a time when he made him serve the the
the too many men penalty no i i would have loved to see now i've heard a lot of holy stories but
i would have loved to see that one uh but i lot of Holly stories, but I would have loved to see that one.
But, I mean, Holly, I remember one where they told Holly to go serve the penalty.
He said, no, I don't serve penalties.
And they said, no, you're going to serve the penalty.
So he went and served the penalty, and he comes out of the penalty box,
and sure enough, he gets a breakaway.
And that's the thought process I'm pointing to some of your top players for the coaches nowadays.
They think he comes out of the box, maybe get a breakaway.
Holly gets on a breakaway, goes down the ice, and dumps it in the corner and comes back to bed says i told you don't
serve fucking penalties during a breakaway he dumps in the corner so i've heard that story and
it's holly's like holly's one of the most more talented players i've ever played with one of
the funniest guys he's got the best some of the best one-liners i've ever ever heard and and and
it's even sometimes towards you but you got to laugh about it. Like I remember we were playing together, him and I,
and Gretz wasn't there yet.
And I think we, for some reason,
they put Twister on our line for a shift because there was guys like running
around and taking advantage of Holly more so than me and kind of beat me up.
But we were more worried about Holly, to be honest with you.
He's the 70 goal scorer, right?
So we come back to the bench though when holly turns on the key and
goes get him off our fucking line right now and twister would just laugh because he knew too
that's just holly right like that's holly he didn't mean anything by it he was just a funny
person but that kid could that could play the game i mean people ask me about him he's funny
he's a good he was always really good to me and he's a funny he's funny as He's a good, he was always really good to me. And he's a funny, he's funny as hell and he can play the game and he can play.
He's not just a goal scorer.
That guy could pass the puck and he was good defensively too.
That guy was a hell of a hockey player.
In St. Louis,
you played with the man who would be the final person to ever play an NHL game
without a helmet on and Craig McTavish at the time,
did guys think he was nuts or was it just like, you know,
this is what he's always done. Or was it starting to starting to be like dude you're the only person that doesn't
have a lid on we I'm gonna tell you I got to play with Mac T and Edmonton and St. Louis and
he would headbutt people he would head right he's an animal he'd be on the face offs and I'd be like
and he's headbutting him he has no helmet on they have helmet on I'm going like what do you do Mac
he was an animal Mac T was one of the most competitive players another guy that i played with was so competitive nobody knew it he held
everything in but he was competitive and he didn't say a lot but when he did people listened they
respected uh craig mctavish and i remember getting traded uh from st louis can't i don't i can't
remember if we were colorado me and murray baron got traded to montreal for pierre turgeon and
conroy who turned into a pretty good player.
And then I think it was Fitzpatrick, never played.
I don't think he played or maybe played a couple of games.
But I remember walking in the room, Keenan just pointed,
had some point at us and told us we'll see Keenan.
That's how he did it, right?
You'd walk in, he goes, you're traded.
He had no feelings.
He just did it.
And that was it.
But I remember walking in the room and we had a close group of guys in St.
Louis.
We had that good run in the playoffs when we traded for Gretz.
And I remember like guys were in tears and Mac T was one of them.
And Mac T said some really kind things about Murray Barron and myself after we
had left the team. And that's just the type of person he was.
He was just a great leader and competitive and just crazy. But I mean,
I just, I mean, I didn't wear a visor or wear a mouth guard.
And I thought that was stupid or crazy, whatever you want to call it.
And he was out there flying around with no helmet on he it wasn't like he played again his hair looked great
and everything was always in place but and he but it wasn't like he played a soft game either like
he played a nasty mean tough game he played checking forward oh yeah he he played hard every
night and like what said though it's funny but he's not he's serious when he would go into a
face-off he was headbutting the other guy and it didn't even matter the other guy had a helmet on he didn't he was just just an unbelievable player
and intense player Shane February like you said you guys get Gretzky a first year in St. Louis
did any guys in the room have any idea it was going to happen was it a total surprise take us
through that whole journey of getting Wayne Gretzky at the trade deadline I mean there's you know
anytime you see a teammate get traded no matter who who it's for, you're going to miss them, right?
But, no, it came, there was rumblings that, and we all knew,
well, Keenan, come on, he makes trades all the time just for making a trade.
It didn't matter if it was going to help the team or not.
He needed to make a trade or two.
But we knew there was rumblings about a trade happening,
but we didn't know we were getting Wayne Gretzky,
the best player to play the game. And when we got him, the whole dressing room just lifted up.
And saying that, obviously, we're going to miss the guys that we just traded.
Cause they were part of our team and they were younger guys who were just
coming up and trying to, I mean,
there were guys I had over at my house for,
for Christmas dinners and Thanksgiving dinners.
Cause they were young guys around their own.
So I wanted to have them at my place, but to get the best player in the world,
you knew your chances of doing well in the playoffs were a lot greater.
And I'll say it again. And that means a lot to me, though.
He's just a great player, but he was just a great person and a great leader.
To have him come over and be the captain of our hockey team
and just give us that extra boost going into the playoffs
in the second half of the season was incredible.
I know there's a lot of scuttlebutt that Mike Keenan treated him like every other guy.
Is that accurate?
Did he treat him like every other guy in the room?
Or did he give him a little leeway because he was Wayne G gretzky he gave him a little leeway because he was way
yeah let me tell you that i make it so he now saying that uh keith mike was hard on a lot of
guys and i mean you gotta you gotta get to get the best of the players i'm a big believer i've
learned more over my career and over my life you gotta treat people a little bit differently you
can't get can't whack and beat people and get like with me you could do that to me you could beat me and harp at me and be on me all the time
you get the best and every other guys would just tell you to you know fuck off i'm not taking that
and holly be one of them don't don't do that to holly just you got to encourage him and be good
with him but he he gave gretz some leeway for sure and and who didn't who didn't i mean anybody that
ever played against him played with him you always gave way Wayne Gretzky leeway because he's the greatest player to play.
I mean, I love Gordie Howe and Bobby Orr.
And Mary Lemieux was another unbelievable great player that I was dropped the same year.
But everybody gave Wayne Gretzky a little bit of leeway.
I think anybody that even played against him would say that.
But in saying that, Keenan was hard on almost everybody else.
And Holly was one of the guys he was the hardest on.
But I look back and I think that he did that because he knew how good those guys were and wanted to get the best out of his best
players but sometimes you have to do use a different angle with different players it's just
different personalities were the fuck you match is pretty common with keenan would you go in the
office and ever hash it out with well i'll tell you i had a few with mike uh and i seen a few
with mike and holly uh holly actually threw a skate at him once I had more I
had more backup yeah yeah you didn't mean to hit him I think Holly was throwing him for more for
the show for the boys in the room because we got a pretty good kick out of it but I I mean there
was one time when I went into this is when I had made captain and he called me into his office Mike
didn't I remember I think it was Jimmy Roberts was the assistant coach there at the time.
And I think it was, who was the other assistant coach?
I used to wipe the white towel on the stick in Vancouver there.
Anyways, they're sitting in the room there and Keenan has called me in.
And I don't know, I go, what the heck does he want me to come in there?
And he calls me and sits me down and goes,
when are you going to fucking grab Brett Hall by the throat? I said, what?
And I'm sitting there, what?
And I'm thinking, I didn't even know what to say.
I'm just sitting there, what?
And he goes, when are you going to grab Holly by the throat?
And I said, never.
I'm not going to grab one of my teammates by the throat.
I mean, he's one of the greatest players to play the game
and he's the Hall of Fame and I'm not going to do that.
And he expected me to like, he wanted me, and that's the type, that's the hall of fame and I'm not going to do that and and he expected me to like he wanted me and that's the type that's the way Mike was Mike wanted you to you know get guys
going and motivate them and even be like a little bit more aggressive with them and I just I couldn't
do that sure enough the next game I didn't play a whole lot but that's okay Holly was a great
teammate and I think there was just so much animosity between those two that it was hard
it was hard for them both to be in the same dressing room on the same team at
the same time. And I think a lot of it was, I mean,
Holly was a great player and Mike for me was a great coach,
but I just think their personalities didn't match very well.
And it was just something that I don't think they could exist in the same
dressing room on the same hockey team, but it was a crazy moment at that time.
But the fuck you match remorse with Burnsy.
I mean, Pat Burns was like a father to me and I played with a play from for
six years.
It was incredible to me, but I'll never forget the time.
And we, we all know we've done this before we're playing.
And we think we're like some of the,
maybe having one of the better years in the team,
we should be playing more than we, than we are.
So I remember, forget it.
We're in the Montreal forum. We're playing and reese was playing uh with
me and i think it was might have been jill's tibbadoe or something like that or screwy was
playing out with us at that time brian scruton and that's a year that uh reese had 50 goals
the year before and was on pace to get another 50 and we're in the game and to be honest we're
terrible we're playing like shit and uh we knew it but we still thought we should be playing
burns he calls us off the ice and i slammed the gate you know whit and uh we knew it but we still thought we should be playing burns he calls
us off the ice and i slammed the gate you know whit and biz that's the way we tell the coach
we're not happy right so i slammed the gate i see him look down at me doesn't say anything we go back
in the ice a couple shifts later same thing he pulls us off the ice after about 20 seconds so i
come in i slam to get a little bit harder and he comes down and looks leans over and goes into my
ear you do that fucking again you're gone now i'm thinking oh really yeah okay he won't do that to me right so three shifts later
we're in the near the end of the second period i come off the ice i thought it was a short shift
i slammed the gate he comes down grabs me by the back of the jersey he yanks me off the bench he
goes get the fuck off the bench go to the room and get undressed you're done for the rest of the game
oh my goodness and i and i went back to my back and i'm on the back of the bench. Go to the room and get undressed. You're done for the rest of the game. Oh, my goodness. And I went back to my back, and I'm on the back of the floor,
laying there looking up at the roof.
And all I was going to see is all the banners of the great Montreal Canadiens
players that played there.
And I'm thinking, what did I just do, right?
And you know what the old forum  or you know what the old forum where you
got to walk by the bench, all the top doctors, the Rocket Richard,
John Beliveau, our president, Ronald Corr, and I'm there.
I am with my tail between my legs, walking off the bench into the room and i'm thinking what am i going to do now
he's pissed burns he's got red his cheeks got red and his ears are red and blah blah blah and i'm
thinking oh my god i'm dead he walks in the room and i'm sitting there and he starts yelling at me
you're fucking this you're terrible you're playing awful tonight you want to backtalk me and slam the
gate you're done take all your gear off because i had half my gear off so i didn't know what to do
so i went in the back room with a stick room where we cut our sticks and curved
them and shit that's when wood was in bizzard and you guys might not know when wood sticks were out
but anyways and i'm sitting i'm just i'm thinking oh my god i'm done like they're gonna trade me now
or i'm gonna go to the minors or something right larry robbins comes in the room talking about
larry being a leader he comes in the room i hear him talking to the guys a bit I see him walk out of the hallway into Burns's dressing room because I could see Burns's dress
from where I was and I kind of was when I went out there I was hoping maybe he'd come and talk
me after Burns we didn't Larry goes in into the room I see him come out he comes down to me goes
put your gear back on kid I said what he goes put your gear back on so I went back and put my gear
back on played in the third period Burns he played played the shit out of me and everything was forgotten.
That's just, that's the type of guy Larry Robinson is.
He went in and talked to Burns.
That's an old school story.
That's an old school story. And he's just, he's just,
he's just one of those guys that he's got your back and he was a great
teammate.
And that just shows respect that Pat Burns had for Larry Robinson too.
And it was lucky that I had people like that around me to save me a few
times. Cause trust me, I probably deserved more than what I got. I I had people like that around me to save me a few times.
Because trust me, I probably deserved more than what I got.
I probably should have been out of the game
and missed a few games after that.
But Larry saved my butt.
What was your stat line in the third?
Had a lot of ice time.
I don't think I got anything.
I don't think I got anything.
But I played a lot.
But I can't.
I might have.
You speared somebody too, I'm sure.
Third assist.
Plus one.
I might have got a fifth assist and a plus two.
I don't know.
But I speared two guys.
That's another story.
I'm coming out of the penalty box, but we'll tell that one another time.
Yeah, round two and three for us.
You say in 91 you made the Canada Cup team,
and then in 98 you played in the Olympics in, is it Nagano?
So 96 World Cup, did you get snubbed or were you injured?
What happened there? No, I got snubbed or were you injured? What happened there?
No, I got snubbed.
Really?
And then they lost.
Fuck, they're missing Corso.
Who was that GM?
They missed Corso in 98.
Corso was there in 98.
We didn't win the medal, buddy.
So it wasn't me.
Well, Gretz didn't go in the shootout.
Oh, man, guys.
Let me tell you.
So much to talk about.
For me, the Olympics for me was probably one
of the greatest moments of my career in my life and one of the most upsetting and disappointing
years my times in my career i mean getting the opportunity to go play in the olympics in 98
and play with some of the greatest players actually played with linda ross on a line that
year was supposed to be paul korea because we played together in the world championships the
year before but korea got hurt suitor had hit him and he had the concussion thing.
But, I mean, to go there and play and be a part of the opening ceremonies and play with all the other athletes.
And that's what, for me, stands out is to play with all these other amateur athletes.
And they opened their arms to us professional athletes that got paid to play a game we love to play.
And you see all these athletes make these sacrifices and come here.
And their race or their event could be over within a second.
And they just spent four years of their life working for it and not getting to do it and they had to work other jobs to do it so it just taught me a lesson that i was so
lucky and fortunate to play a game that i love to play it would have probably played for free but
they wanted to pay me for it so why not i'll take the paycheck but to be a part of that and just to
get to meet all the other athletes and participate and watch in their events it was just an incredible
feeling to be around all the other athletes from all the other athletes and participate in watching their events, it was just an incredible feeling to be around all the other athletes from all the other countries
and eating in the same cafeteria and different food, which is just incredible.
But to lose in the semifinal game and to lose in the shootout to Hasek and the Czech team
and to have Wayne Gretzky sit beside me, he was actually sitting right beside me.
I mean, every time there was a player picked to go in the shootout and we had great
players, don't get me wrong.
Ray Bork was my roommate at the Olympics with Fleury and Keith Primo were
our room. It was Borky, me, Primo and Fleury were our room. But I mean,
Ray Bork would be the first one to say to how many breakaways does he get?
Right. And you know, got the best player sitting on the bench.
And every time somebody was picked, I'm looking over my shoulder,
like a Crawford thinking,
when's Gretzko in the greatest player?
And he was built for this.
I mean, he's going to score probably.
When doesn't he score, right?
So to lose like that, to see the greatest player in the game or one of the greatest players to play,
in my personal opinion, the greatest player, not shoot.
It was one of the biggest disappointments.
And then to top it off, we go on to the bronze game.
And you know how hockey players are.
We want the Stanley Cup or the gold medal or nothing at that point.
Yeah, it's hard to get fired up for that.
Yeah, but then you look back, right, Witt and Bizer and Ari,
you look back and you go, why didn't we play a great game that game
and get a bronze medal?
How many people get a bronze medal from the Olympics?
That could be, you know, somewhere in my house.
I don't know.
I might have it in the basement or somewhere.
No, I remember. I wish i would have played harder i remember world juniors too getting that speech we lost semis to canada and halifax and then had finland we lost the game we
didn't get the bronze but before the game the coach was talking about like you guys gotta like
you don't understand how big a medal would be it's it's very true and at the time as players
you didn't care about anything especially canadians right you were looking for gold yeah you're right well that's the thing we were looking for gold we
were so down and depressed and just we didn't really care we didn't really want to play the
game and then the checks ended winning the gold medal and guess what they uh they asked for our
plane to fly home we had a charter plane and you know what the cany? Fuck off. Not a fucking chance, boys. Get your own plane.
Get your own plane.
You're flying.
You can get your own way home.
You won the gold medal.
Enjoy it.
Wow.
I got to ask, like, was it talked about in the locker room right after
or was it still pretty somber?
What's the feeling in there?
After the shootout?
Yeah.
It was pretty somber there.
Nobody really said a whole lot.
And I got to tell you, Gretz was so  you know how he is, you guys.
You've been around him.
He's so classy and he'd never say anything in front of anybody.
He just did  like he did everything with class.
And we went out for beers, Japanese beers, after a smaller group,
like eight of us.
And I think he made his true feelings well known that, you know wasn't the happiest but he accepted the coach's decision but he thinks he
should have been in the shootout and he's probably one trillion percent right he should have been in
that shootout so i think everybody was disappointed and frustrated and pissed off that he wasn't in
the shootout but again you have to respect the coaches and their decisions. I mean, what did Crawford say in the media?
I didn't read a whole lot of media at that time.
I didn't, but I think he made some excuse.
And we did do it.
We practiced the shootouts every practice after practice.
And I think the goalies had some input on who was good on shootouts and all that.
But, I mean, at that point, you've got 20 of the best players from Canada.
I think they're all pretty good.
But you've got the best player in the world sitting on your bench I think you're
going to send them in on on a breakaway so I don't get what went on there I don't know if there's a
backstory to all of it I just don't know I don't I don't understand it never will understand it and
I'll never forget it that it's it's something that I just can't believe that he didn't go on
the shootout and I to this day I don't don't know, and I don't know the excuse.
I mean, you guys should get him on and ask him.
Can you get him for us?
Shane, I wanted to ask that, you know, Lindros was named the captain.
Bobby Clark was the GM of the team.
It wasn't Gretzky.
It wasn't Boyk.
It wasn't Eisman.
How did the vets in the room react to the fact that this young stud was,
you know, the captain of the Canadian Olympic team at the time?
I think everybody, honestly, was looking at like it was kind of a passing the torch okay the next group of players i mean you named three guys were well deserving of the captaincy and
ray bork who i've become close with he was my roommate at the olympics and i've stayed in touch
with bork and he's just an incredible person great leader and i would have loved him to play with him
and played for him as a as him being our captain.
And obviously Gretzky was a great captain.
I honestly think that they were looking towards the next years
and having those guys around to teach him the ropes a little bit,
where Borky and Mast and those guys,
Eisenman could all teach him the ropes about being a captain
on a Team Canada team.
There's a lot of pressure.
And I think even sometimes more so than your team club, right, representing your whole country, there's a lot of pressure and i think even sometimes more so than your your team club right uh with the representing your whole country there's a lot of pressure and they
expect a lot from you so i think they were just thinking for the future and to have those guys
still around and at the top of their game to help him and pass the torch to him and teach him the
ropes of being a good captain for for canada and also bobby clark keeping his captain happy yeah
and you know what 100 right clark and bobby bobby cl and Bob Ganey were our GMs so uh both them being GMs helped me get on
the team too I'm not gonna like I know that for a fact and actually uh uh yeah Bob Ganey was a big
fan of mine so I think having him in my corner definitely helped me get on that team for sure
and let's face it boys and we all know what politics politics plays a game a game in hockey women's hockey men's hockey and
at every level so let's not kid ourselves so that's what i mean by you have to get you got
to get a break you got to have somebody that believes in you to to and and and gives you
that opportunity to be successful and do great things i mean we haven't even covered toronto
yet um you know we've been going long here let Let's let's, let's dive into that quickly.
Yeah. Toronto was you know, I, I mean, I was hard. I'll, I'll be honest.
I love playing in Montreal.
They gave me an opportunity to play in the game and realize my dream.
And it was just an incredible place to play. The city was amazing to me.
The organization treated me like, like gold. And I had a really tough,
tough time at that time.
I was going through some mental health illness issues. And,
and I think a big part of it was, you know, do I sign in Toronto where my brother-in-law is playing and my sisters are close by, my mom's close by, my dad died at 45.
All my friends are here in Toronto.
I grew up a Leaf fan.
You know, do I sign in Toronto or do I go to stay in Montreal?
Because Montreal offered me a contract.
Do I stay in Montreal where I have family and friends in Montreal too, right?
My wife's from Montreal.
Two of my kids were born in Montreal. One born in St. Louis one in Edmonton but
I had a lot of ties in Montreal too so it was a tough decision but ultimately and then I could
have went to Philly too Philly offered me something talking about Bobby Clark they had offered me a
contract too in Philly and would have been a fun place to play in Philly but it all came down to
being close to my family and my friends and looking at the team. The Leafs had a great team at that time. They had Cujo and that and they had Sundin and McGillney and some some great players here.
And I made the decision to come home and and play for my team that I dreamed of playing for my whole life.
And it was it was an unbelievable feeling to to put that Leaf jersey on and to put 27 on being Darryl Sillier was one of one of my favorite players.
Him and Bobby Clark and Trotteray were three of my favorite players.
To put his jersey on and the Maple Leaf jersey was pretty incredible.
But it was one of the toughest decisions I ever made.
I'll touch on the mental health stuff.
I mean, you've been a pretty big advocate for it.
You've been very open about it.
Now, did you say it started when you first got to Toronto?
No.
I had suffered.
I knew I had anxiety.
And I have colitis. I was diagnosed with colitis when I was 15. And it's got something to do No, I had suffered. I knew I had anxiety and I have colitis. I was
diagnosed with colitis when I was 15 and it's got something to do with stress and nerves too. I think
the colitis, I really believe that it's Crohn's and colitis, but I suffered from anxiety all the
way through my life and it just got worse. And then when my dad passed away, it went to another
level. My dad passed away. I tried to, you know, medicate with alcohol and Ativan and different
things. And then it just escalated as I went through my career. And then think it it hit i hit rock bottom when i was in toronto for sure but
when i was trying to make that decision to leave montreal and come to toronto or go somewhere else
it's when it really went into like high high gear and uh i started having really bad panic attacks
and thinking i was having a heart attack or dying and my heart was going to stop beating and
and all kinds of stuff and uh yeah so it escalatedated when I came to Toronto and then when I left the team in the
playoffs that year, there was all kinds of rumors flying around,
all bunch of shit. And I don't even care what was said.
I really don't care that people know me, know who I am and what I'm about.
And I left the team and I got the help I needed to get help.
And if I wouldn't have got that help, to be honest, guys,
I wouldn't be sitting here talking to you guys today. So I'm lucky.
Shane, do you think the same thing would have happened in a different city?
Was it destined to happen or did it happen because you were in Toronto at that
particular time?
I don't think it had any to do with the city I was in, to be honest.
I mean, the pressure of playing in Montreal and Toronto and Edmonton,
like hockey, hockey towns that love their hockey.
I love the pressure of the game of hockey.
I think it's everything else around the hockey. And, and, and I honestly believe it. I never dealt with my dad's death properly either. And it's something that I needed to do. And I finally dealt with that, but there's just life, life. Everybody goes through pressures and, and, and emotions and you get, it's okay to be not okay. It's, you're not alone. You're going to have ups and downs and, and it's, it's finding the tools that work for you to help you get through those times.
And that's what I learned when I actually finally took the time to admit that I needed the help, first of all, and then to get the help, the proper help. Because everybody's help is different and the support that I needed.
But everybody's help is different.
And what they need to get better is different than the next person.
And that's something I learned.
So I got the tools now.
And trust me, I have tough times from every day.
Like I have days where they're not great, but I have the tools to deal with those things.
So I don't think it's necessarily where it happened.
I just think it was going to happen.
I should have dealt with it years ago,
and it wouldn't have escalated to where it got to.
Isn't it so wild that as amazing as your dream coming true
and making it to the NHL is,
a lot of the stuff that kind of goes on away from the rink
might be amazing memories,
but it's probably not healthy for guys too. I mean,
the way you party and the way you go out and you're,
you're living the fast life, not just saying you like so many guys,
and then you're having a blast and you just get a little older and you're
like, Oh, like that's not good for you as a person. So it is,
it is harder as you get older and out of the game.
And I'm happy for you that you were able to really get the help you needed.
Yeah. Thanks. I mean, you're, you're a hundred percent right though.
The lifestyle we live and definitely doesn't help. I mean,
and some guys go to the extreme. I mean, I've never,
I've never done drugs in my entire life. I mean, alcohol is a drug,
but alcohol was my choice. And I did it a lot.
It was a way to escape my pain of losing my father and other stresses in life.
And I did it a lot.
I mean, I got into the Ativan and got hooked on Ativan too, on top of that.
So drinking and doing Ativan.
I got to the point where, you know, one Ativan would put most people to sleep.
And I was taking eight to ten a day late in my career.
And even in between periods and before practices.
So it was tough, but like you said, I got the support that I needed and the help and,
and, and I'm doing better. And I mean, it's, it's a battle every day and I'm,
and I've got the right people and the right things around me, but definitely the way we live,
the sleep, the sleeping is different. And that's not even our fault. We get in late at night,
we get to bed at two, three in the morning and, you know, maybe you take an Ativan to get to
sleep or something. You have a couple of beers to try to try to get to sleep and and then we're eating at different
times all the time so the lifestyle which people don't understand is yeah it's fun and it's it's
awesome and we're lucky for sure i would never do anything different i'm the luckiest guy in the
world hockey's given me everything my friendships my memories uh and and and and it paid me good
money to play a sport i would have played for free. But it's all the other things outside of the game that people don't see
and the stresses and the decisions you have to make
and the stresses it puts on your families and your friends and stuff.
And as people, we're human beings.
We make mistakes too.
I made mistakes off the ice and made mistakes financially sometimes
and different things.
And that certain type of person, those things wear on you.
So it's tough. But like I said, you just got to find and admit that you need to help get the help and get the proper help so yeah i've been lucky and i appreciate that uh you brought that up
it's such a separation from reality especially when it's what ends up being all over too right
it's like you're you're you're being not only being stripped of your livelihood but it's just
like you go from from essentially being desensitized to a lot of things you live this fast-paced lifestyle and and now it's not there
and and it uh but i appreciate you being very vocal about it though man because there's so
many people out there that that are dealing with a lot of issues and and mental health problems so
um i know it's a you know a tough way to to end this conversation uh ari i'll throw it over to
you i think you had one more yeah i was gonna was going to say, Shane, a lot of guys,
especially my generation, I know we're in a few years apart.
You know, they're hard guys.
They don't want to talk about their feelings.
And I'm from that generation as well.
But what do you suggest to other guys who are struggling with that first step
to just say, hey, man, I need fucking help.
I think that is the hardest part for guys to admit.
And, yes, it's guys.
It's more specific to men than women.
Like, how do i get help what
what's the what's the easiest way to say i need help to somebody well all right you're right i'm
i was from the same cloth i think all the guys that are on this podcast are probably from the
same same cloth i mean it wasn't the easiest thing to do that's why i hit it for so many years i was
afraid it was embarrassed i was shy i thought it was a weakness i thought maybe uh you know
competitors would take it as a weakness too and use it. And back in the day, they probably would have used it.
That's just the way the game was back then.
But honestly, the first step is just to admit you need the help
and then to ask for the help.
And it's that easy.
It sounds easy and it's not because it's not easy to do it.
It took me years to admit that I needed the help and to get that help.
But I always stick to a couple of things and it's okay not to be okay and you're not
alone and the biggest when I finally left the Leafs in the playoffs it was the hardest thing
I've ever done in my entire life is I love love the game of hockey and I love playoff time there's
nothing better than the playoff time but I knew that if I didn't leave after that game I might
not be around today or the next day or the next day back then, but I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be around today if I didn't.
And I went and got the help I needed.
But what I would say to them is if you don't,
it's only going to get worse and then you're not going to be around.
You're going to, it's going to hurt a lot of other people around you,
not just yourself. And that's something I started thinking about that,
you know, how, how it would hurt my family, my kids,
you know, my wife, my friends, my mom, my sisters,
and I just got to the point where I wanted to live.
I wanted to be around still,
so I knew that I needed to ask for the help,
and as soon as I left and left the Leafs
and realized I needed the help,
I felt 100 times better.
It was like they took a piano off my back,
and I mean,
and then when I started talking about it and that's why I love doing podcasts like this.
And I love talking to people like you to understand both sides of it and get
it. Um,
because you can use your platform to help people because we talked about all
the hockey stuff and they're great stories and they're fun.
And I would never change. I still have those.
And I can't wait to come to Boston and have some fun with you guys and tell
some more stories, whether it's on the podcast or not. But but what i helped when i kid came out to me and said you
helped me you saved my life by talking about your struggles with with mental health that's for me is
more important than anything i did in hockey and it always will be that's why i love doing these
things but for me it would just be and you said it already you said it ask for the help and don't
be shy and don't be embarrassed and it's not a sign of weakness at all. It's an illness.
It's not a sign of weakness. It's like getting a torn ligament in your knee.
You can go to a doctor. There's doctors out there that can help you.
You're not alone and you can get through it.
You can get better and you can live a somewhat normal life if you do the right things.
Well, thank you so much for joining us. We look forward,
we look forward to getting to meet you in person and go over some more parts of
your career because there's so much to cover.
And I think that everyone that's listening, especially to the,
especially to the end is going to enjoy and understand where you were coming
from. So we appreciate it.
By the way, Shane, get my number from Grally.
So you can text me next time you're in Boston.
We've got to get a couple of cold ones down.
You'll get sick of me. I'll be texting you so much.
I got to tell you guys, I mean, I really appreciate you having me on. I mean,
I'm besides the hockey stuff.
You guys have done a great job and just keep doing what you're doing because
it's fun as hell.
And it helps guys like me get on here and tell our stories because we can live in the past a little bit so it's fun for us and then you give up the opportunity
for people to use your platform to help other people i think it's just incredible and and not
only that you've been successful so good for good for you guys i i'm really happy for all yous
more than anything shane thank you for opening up at the end i think that a lot of people are
really going to like that and uh you know it's uh it takes a lot of strength so thank you so much
the stories at the beginning were out of control man that's exactly what our fans love as well a lot of people are going to really going to like that. And you know, it's a, it takes a lot of strength. So thank you so much.
The stories at the beginning were out of control, man.
That's exactly what our fans love as well. So looking forward to grabbing some pops in person, man.
Yeah. I'd love to,
love to see you guys and get to know you even better and have some family
is in person.
And also Shane, we want to thank your daughter's teammate, Molly slow.
She was a huge integral part of hooking this up.
We bumped into her at the pink Whitney Cup a few weeks ago.
Awesome kid.
She facilitated this whole thing.
So huge thanks to Molly Slow at Boston College for making this happen.
Yeah, I got to say that Molly is a great girl, and her family are great people.
And Willow's been lucky enough to come to Boston, play at Boston College,
and meet a lot of good people.
Most of the kids are from the Boston area.
They're just incredible people, and they've been really good with willow and and super good to me and i'll
tell you what never mind about the boys hockey the girls hockey they can party i've been out a few
nights with them this place all right now we got plans in this place boys i went to donahue's
and the circle tavern i had the best time of the life with the girls
we'll have to send them a case of pink whitney so they can maybe celebrate next year's rookie party and the Circle Tavern, I had the best time of the life with the girls.
We'll have to send them a case of Pink Whitney so they can maybe celebrate next year's rookie party.
Hey, trust me, they love this stuff.
They love this stuff.
Yeah, they do.
They love it.
They love it.
It's hard to get up here in Canada.
It's hard to get up here in Canada, guys.
Sold out all the time.
Yeah, we'll have to get a better steady stream going.
We'll have to get you a Pink Whitney shot machine, then we're talking.
Hey, don't get me started, guys.
Because that's the problem.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
That's the problem with me.
I only have one speed, whatever I do.
I'm shocked to hear that.
Hey, Whit, Whit, full throttle, boys.
As long as we're not getting any fucking bar fights.
Zero, boys, boys, boys.
And we're not going to Hamilton.
The old Doyle's rule.
Bizzar, wit, RA.
Trust me, boys.
People laugh at me now.
When I get drunk, I'm the hugger.
I just want to hug everybody.
I'm just a happy guy, man.
And we don't even have to say anything to each other.
This is what we do.
I went from the fighter to the fucker to the hugger.
That was my progression.
Guess what?
That's a good progression, buddy.
Yeah, exactly.
All right, buddy.
We'll talk to you later.
Yeah, see you, boys.
Man, huge thanks to Shane Korsman for jumping on us.
That was a blast.
That was, like we said, after it didn't feel like work when we were doing it,
just an unreal interview, great vibes.
And hopefully he'll be in Boston, have a few pops with him soon but all right gang are you celebrating the special
woman in your life well mother's day is just around the corner and there are tons of anniversaries
this time of year on bluenile.com you can easily navigate thousands of fine jewelry options at
every price point pick from a vast selection of preset diamond jewelry because blue nile offers
endless options of carrots,
metals, and settings that are ready to ship the same day,
or you can build your own diamond jewelry with online tools that seamlessly walk you through the process.
Blue Nile is different from their competitors.
They don't mock up to mock down, meaning BlueNile.com's everyday prices are competitive to other online retailers' sale prices.
everyday prices are competitive to other online retailers' sale prices. Also, Blue Nile has over 165,000 ratings and counting, with 90 at four stars or higher. Not perfect? No problem. Blue
Nile has a 100 satisfaction guarantee. Shop stress-free with guaranteed free shipping and
returns. And their expert advice is available 24-7. When you commit to a piece,
so does Blue Nile with guaranteed service and repair for life.
This Mother's Day, give mom something she'll treasure forever
with jewelry from BlueNile.com.
And Spittin' Chicklets listeners get 50 off your purchase of over 500.
This podcast exclusive is only good for Chicklets listeners.
Once again, use the code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Plus every order is insured, chips free, and arrives in discreet packaging that won't give away what's inside.
Shop stress-free on BlueNile.com today.
Check that stuff out, boys and girls, especially guys.
Like I said, Mother's Day, holidays, a lot of anniversaries.
You want to check that stuff out by all means. That was a hell of a read all right thank you buddy thank you uh i'm
gonna take a look at the east um the bruins i've already been having a goalie issues tuka raska
has been on injured reserve and now yaroslav halak is in the covid protocol uh this just came out
monday i don't know how long he's going to be out for so dan vladar is going to get the reins
tonight uh and i know he's got another backup after him.
So the COVID continuing to wreak havoc throughout the league.
But the Buffalo Sabres, we got to give them props.
We dumped on them for a month straight.
They broke their 18-game losing streak with a 6-1 blowout over who else?
The Philadelphia Flyers.
They had been 0-15-3 since February 23rd.
And they also got a four-game point streak on the Sabres,
due 2-0-2 in their last four.
So kudos to them.
Playoff's probably a little too far away.
I bet on the Philadelphia Flyers that night.
Oh, my goodness.
Not much.
First time I bet against the Sabres.
No, early in the year I did, they won.
And in the streak streak i didn't until
that night and they lost i was okay with that bet too if you would have told me beforehand because
the night before didn't they give up a they gave up a lead early right they were down like three
one ended up coming back no oh no philly philly came back in the third against buffalo right so
you're thinking oh they learned their lesson're going to have a better start and take advantage of them tomorrow.
And now, no.
I couldn't.
You know what?
I actually texted Merles.
I said, guarantee Buffalo Wednesday.
And I sent him the screenshot of the bet.
And he's like, oh, my God.
So, of course, he hops on.
So we both.
It was just so pathetic.
Got murdered this week.
I think, though, that the sabers are at least now having
some good feelings in the room we shit on them like you know there's going to be a lot of guys
out of there in the next week but at least they got to have that end and not be the longest of
all time which is still i think the penguins since salary cap error or whatever they tied them
yeah i had a rough week too wet even though I had a 72-1 horse,
the Wood Memorial race the other day.
I literally bet the horse because he was the long shot,
didn't know the name, number.
I went to check my TVG account.
He won, 72-1 long shot.
I had a 50 bucks across the board.
I ended up picking like five Gs up,
all fucking legit.
Is that degenerate, Whit?
You didn't know the name or the number?
Yeah, that's called degenerate. Well,'t know the name or the number yeah that's
that's that's called degenerate well what i did is my brother liked the horse so my brother follows
him quite a bit so i went in and bet that horse and then i was like yeah i got a few extra bucks
here let me let me just throw a shits and giggles in and uh yeah i went back to check i didn't even
watch the race went back and saw my my account had about six grand more than it did an hour ago so
that'd be a nice three. Hey,
imagine a piss break to that wit.
Ooh,
72 to one. Oh,
mine's the opposite.
The other thing about the East,
you saw Kyle Palmieri.
He is now sitting out.
The New Jersey devils are holding him out.
They know they're going to trade him.
And I think of the Boston Bruins,
right?
How much could they use Palm Mary he lived he's lived
in Boston a long time in the offseason I used to work out with him hairiest man alive he's a monster
had a knuckle oh my god palms um but I think that a bunch of teams and a lot of a lot of folks
I'm gonna say folks are are leaning towards him being a member of the Islanders in the next week
but there's gonna be a bunch of teams that want him
and his goal-scoring ability.
I think he's had 24 goals or more the last five or six years.
So he's guaranteed to play hard and then get in front
and be able to score.
Wait, who was the hairiest guy you ever played with?
Just, like, insanely hairy.
Palms, I think.
Oh, was it?
I never played with him.
I'm a hairy bastard, Jesus.
Remember Steven Dixon?
Oh, Dickie, dude. he had to shave his knuckles hey he used to so he's got long hair now i saw he's awesome yeah oh yeah he's
a stallion but he had to he would he would trim his tricep hairs and he would always do it we
used to live together three of us and that was when we were roommates with carcillo and he clogged
up the drain constantly and our drain would always be backed up because this dude would be shaving a
V-neck too, because he used to wear V-necks.
So he would, he would, he would trim it with the clippers.
And then he would shave the V-neck line in the hair.
So if the V-neck moved at all, when he spilled the drink,
you just saw like a monster bush of hair, but you're just like, Oh,
get that V back to the shave.
Hey, I think he was, I think he was even using Nair at one point.
Oh, that can't be good for you.
That's got to be bad for your skin, right?
Yeah, just I mean, it's just going to grow back worse.
Chemicals burning off your hair.
Yeah, great.
I would pay.
I would pay, I don't know, 50 to 100 grand to have every hair removed from my waist down,
just to be hairless from my waist down.
I don't know, but it looks a little bit weird when you get old.
It wouldn't cost you that much, bud.
Yeah, I don't know.
You'd have to get in my nooks and crannies, charge me a little extra to get in there.
Would you get your butthole waxed, R.A.?
Yeah, that's kind of what I was alluding to.
It doesn't cost you 100 grand. Yeah, well, no, I mean the whole body's what I'm talking about. Yeah, that's kind of what I was alluding to. I might have been very in the lead a little bit. Well, it doesn't cost you 100,000.
Yeah, well, no.
I mean, the whole body.
Just take fucking all the hair off, you know?
Like, you know.
We got to fill that.
You guys do full body waxes?
They're like, for who?
Me?
They're like, nope.
And can you put a big clump, put it all clumped together like that magnet thing kids play with
and put it on my head when you're done?
Remember Wooly Willy?
The thing with the magnet and you can move the guy's hair?
Did you just wear your cornhole hair on your forehead?
No, I'd get my leg hair from my head.
The cornhole hair I'd fucking donate.
Wait, how much do you think
I would have to pay you
to waxhole
R.A.'s butthole?
He wouldn't sign.
He would give back that fucking
Pittsburgh deal before he did that.
I'd fucking be homeless before I
nared his horn.
Are you serious?
How much?
You just want like a grand to do it.
No, it would cost
10 grand. I'd wax his butthole.
It's not worth it when you get a
watch. I want. All right. Would you let me
wax your butthole for 10 grand?
Wait, you paying me to let you wax it?
I'm paying you to take a free 10 G's for you to wax.
I was saying I would have to get paid because I'm going through the torture of having to fucking do it.
I think it sounds like you kind of want to do it when you have to go to the doctors and you got to like show them something like that.
It's so embarrassing.
Like a doctor, like shooting the shit.
You're like, so what's up?
Oh, my God.
I need to look at my car.
My buddy said one time he had to get like, what are you getting your five whole hemorrhoids?
Yeah.
He had to get hemorrhoids removed and he legit had to lay on his side and they spread open
his ass cheeks to cut these things out.
Dude, the two nurses he said were rockets
he said it was the most embarrassing degrading these hot girls were holding his ass cheeks apart
so the doctor could cut out a hemorrhoid isn't it like oh my goodness
guys are so stupid too because like i've had situations where yeah the person coming in is
attractive and you're like you know johnny and your guts hanging out and it's like but we're
so stupid guys like we think like oh i'm gonna suck in my gut and look better it's like dude
you're in a doctor's office they're fucking seeing people all day they don't give a fuck how
you're not hitting on him you're not like i know it's just oh yeah but all right you know they're
thinking that's disgusting is what you're what you're what you're reasoning for what you're doing
is true uh it's funny but hey the only thing that could make it worse is if you met a girl out and you
exchanged numbers and then you had to pop it in and you maybe thought you had a date lined up and
it's the rocket staring at your hemorrhoids and i don't think you're getting the call back
or or right you ain't getting worse than that is if she like you got home with her and she
ripped your shirt off and she's like,
why is there a V shaved into your chest hair?
And Dickie's like,
I don't know.
Yeah.
I can think of a few other embarrassing incidences.
There's I'm sorry.
What you did just mentioned car Palmieri.
He's had at least 24 goals in each of his first five seasons in New
Jersey.
Of course he started as Karina Anaheim.
And since 15,
16,
only five right wingers have more
goals than him. Kane, Pasta,
Kucherov, Atkinson, and Tarasenko.
Pretty good goal scorer. Somebody's going to pick
up. And I know NHL Room is daily
who does a great job on Twitter. He gets a lot
of good info. He did say Boston
is in on him as well. So obviously, we'll keep
our eyes on that. He was like dumbbell bench
in 125s.
I think I can do 60s. Could you dumbbell bench in 125s like i i think i can do 60s like could you dumbbell bench a 120 to 125s biz not a chance like that right now yeah i can't remember last time i did a monster
i might be exaggerating maybe it was 105s it was definitely in the three digits though
that's yeah that's gnarly.
The Flyers last week waived defenseman Shane Gostisbeer.
He did clear waivers.
Then he went to the taxi squad.
He's got two more years left at 4.5 million,
three and a quarter in real dollars.
Philly also signed Michigan sophomore defenseman Cam York.
He was their first-round pick in 2019,
signed him to an entry-level deal that starts this season.
But Gostisbeer, that was a bit of a shock. a looked like he was a key part of the future for that philadelphia team and
i think like like what other guys this year teams are just throwing them out there if someone wants
them good then they get the salary off his hands if not then they go to the taxi squad which does
give the team a little bit more financial flexibility so again no one picked them up
but it's probably not that big of a surprise due to the mention we had
earlier about all this cap issue.
Maybe a guy who ends up in Seattle and then like kind of picks it up again.
I mean, I, he came into the league like a rocket.
And I remember he was at union.
He was one of the best college hockey players that year, if not the best,
they wanted all Grinnelli, right? Yes. Yes, they did. Yes.
So he came in and maybe his game was figured out a little bit.
He is very offensive, probably kind of like struggles defensively. Yes, they did. you're not, I don't think you've seen the end of him yet, but it certainly hasn't been like, it looked like it was going to be when he started in the league where you're
like, Oh man, this guy might be a 50 point guy.
Yeah. I was going to say, I think we've been having the conversation.
It feels like every year it's kind of like ever since he got paid the big
money, they haven't really, you know,
been able to get them playing like that again. And I'm not,
and I don't know if it's for like a lack of ice time. Is it Proveroff?
Is that how I say it properly?
I feel like he kind of took over that number one guy there and like he's i mean he's superior he is he's just a better player and like maybe when you're not getting those reps it's hard for
you to get back in those you know that rhythm remember remember when tobas cabralay moved over
from toronto when he was playing like 25 and i'm not, I don't know if Gossespierre was ever playing that much,
but yeah, when he came in, it just seemed like he was given the full reins
and he could do no wrong.
And he's never really been that player since.
Yeah, it's good to see Carter Hart, though.
He played really good against the Islanders, I think Sunday or Saturday.
And so like, at least, you know, that's some confidence for him.
It's been just such a tough year.
My team, my team, the Flyers, I was talking very highly of them.
Shockingly, they've done the exact opposite of what I said.
That's what I'm known for.
That's what I do.
I'll give you a team I think is going to light up,
and they're going to suck.
Yeah, I think a change of scenery for Gostin's pay
will probably maybe rejuvenate his career as well.
The Washington Capitals, they swept the New Jersey Devils
8-0 this season,
beat them all eight times.
Alexander Ovechkin is now tied for second in power play goals with 265.
He's, let's see, nine back of Dave Anderchuk.
He's at 725 goals now as well.
He's six back of Marcel Dion, fifth all time.
Ovi just keeps getting it done.
Caps keep charging on him.
We're also going to give a shout out to the Penguins.
They've won five straight.
They jumped into third place in the division.
Their goaltender has really settled down nice, I think,
other than the shellacking at the Bruins' hands the other night.
DeSmith has been lights out.
Jerry's been playing well.
So, Pittsburgh turning things around.
And quick, sorry, quickly, R.A., because you mentioned the Ovechkin
and what he's done.
Barzell with maybe the nastiest hat trick I've ever seen in my life.
And I will openly admit I'm starting to worry a little bit about the
Islanders.
This could be becoming an issue in my brain.
They are like such a machine,
the way they go about things.
And then they lose a game.
Sure.
Shit.
They bounce right back and they'll get you.
So Barzell,
he scored one on this like ridiculous wraparound on the side of the net he batted one out of the out of the midair like mike trout just
rocket top shelf and then the other goal i don't know the order these ran but he walked through
the entire team including embarrassing char at the blue line and then went shelf going full speed so
he also added two assists shuttle i think he was player of the week in the nhl but that hat trick
he scored three goals in three completely different ways
and reminding me that the Islanders are starting to scare.
You didn't think they could win the division?
I'm starting to think like R.A. said they could win the cup.
That's what I'm really panicking about.
I'm not worried about the division.
They're going to have some tough outs.
I would imagine like maybe getting Boston first round.
That's not going to be an easy.
Yeah, I know. But it's like no easy outs come playoff and missing anders lee's a huge loss
so they're gonna have to go out and do something and you know lou will do something he'll get
somebody because i think he sees and you guys one of you said last week when he has sees he has a
chance to win he's going for it yeah that's why fucking islanders tell mary uh to boston i thought
i said i thought the islanders
were a little hornier for for a guy like that no they are they are yeah i'm sure a lot of teams
are in on them they want to build for a long playoff run go ahead you consider philly the
the calgary of the east you think they're done yep yep i think that the i think that the
four teams are pretty much set there i mean, Boston's kind of worried a little bit,
but I think New York, they've picked it up too much too late
or too little too late.
Holy shit.
What's the saying?
Too much too little too late.
I know what you meant.
Too little too late.
There we go.
And then Philly stinks, and the Devils stink,
and the Sabres are embarrassing.
So we'll see.
Yeah, you want to build for a long run
you want to get a good long run in biz and hey most guys have tried different ways to last longer
and go longer but thinking about games in hand point percentage doesn't always work all the folks
at roman an online men's health company i change in the game with roman swipes the secret to longer
lasting sex roman swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed. They're effective,
easy to use, and fast acting. And the best part, they do not require a prescription. Roman can ship
swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging. And each swipes packet is small enough to hide
in your wallet for whenever you need it. These things are super easy to use. You just take the
swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry in.
Like Bobby Brown said, you're good to go.
That's it.
So go to getroman.com slash checklets
and you get your first month of swipes
for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
So worth it, guys.
Check it out.
You can recalibrate your system with these things.
Go to getroman.com slash checklets
and be a champ in the bedroom.
All right, gang.
The West, we already did mention Colorado, but they've been on fire lately.
They had a 4-0 week, points in 14 straight games, 12-0 and 2 in that time.
Seven straight games with at least four goals during that streak.
A little Frank the Tank action going on from Colorado right now.
Four-point lead over Vegas.
Vegas has been scuffling a little bit.
They had their first three-game losing streak of the season.
They were swept by Minnie this week as well.
And Minnie keeps chugging along.
They got swept by San Jose, Minnie did.
Then they went and swept Vegas in Vegas.
They're very comfortably in third place in the division.
Cam Talbot was absolutely out of his mind in Vegas.
And Biz, we got to give credit to your boys, the Arizona Coyotes.
Let's see, won five out of six to leapfrog the slump in Vegas. And Biz, we got to give credit to your boys, the Arizona Coyotes. Let's see,
won five out of six to leapfrog the slump and blues. They're right now in fourth place with
41 points, three-point lead over St.
Louis. Jacob Chickering got his first
career had he Sunday night at 3-2 win over the
Ducks. Biz, what do you got
for us? Well, a lot's happening. Like San Jose's
all of a sudden came out of nowhere. They're
playing some pretty good hockey. We'll get to
them after. As far as the Coyotes are concerned,
fuck, man, just finding ways to...
You mentioned, what was it,
Washington beating New Jersey all eight times.
Is that what you said?
Yes.
I feel like the Coyotes are being...
They're taking advantage of all the bottom dwellers,
especially Anaheim.
And I feel like in every game,
they've came from behind, too.
And the other night, they didn't play so great, but Jacob chikrin i was i've been talking about him i've been pumping
him up he gets a fucking his first hat trick scores the ot winner too and uh 12 goals now
he's tied with the lead with darnell nurse so they're just getting some great contributions
from the back end oliver's playing solid um aiden hill's been great. And they're just finding ways to win.
I mean, they got shellacked by Colorado.
Colorado owns their number where they just embarrass them every time.
I don't know how they're going to be able to figure that out.
They embarrass everyone, though.
That's true.
But, I mean, 9-3 is a bit much.
Five goals in the first, ouch.
But who cares?
As long as they're taking care of the business outside of, like,
the Vegases
and Colorados, they got L.A. tonight.
So I'm interested to see how they keep going.
They're three points in a playoff spot.
And a big reason for that is because St. Louis has taken a massive dunk.
Holy shit.
And this is Monday.
Bennington's not getting the start tonight, which is kind of surprising.
He's doing the extra work after the morning skate and i think that the problem for the blues their next 12 or 13 games
are against teams that are in the playoffs right now in their division so it's you know it's
colorado it's dealing with teams that you're like oh fuck you know we didn't want to play minnesota
this often right like we didn't want to have to deal with these teams who are looking as
way better than we've looked in the last little while. So it's surprising.
I mean, Pareko has been out. He wasn't playing well,
but you still miss them, right? You still miss the minutes he can play.
He skated today. So hopefully he's able to come back,
but offensively everything's just dried up. And it's like,
I don't know if the coyotes can keep this up.
The one thing I'll say about the Yotes, your team,
I don't know if this year is like,
it's almost hurting them because they have zero draft picks.
So you'd almost like wonder if in a normal year,
like would they be like trying to maybe obtain some draft picks
by moving some guys,
but they feel like they got to go for it where they're at.
It's just kind of like unfortunate for what happened in their draft future
with the former GM there and what he left them with
because they have nothing.
Like Garland, for instance. And why are they talking about possibly trading him well because they got to sign him
next year right I don't know what he's going to command right he's probably you would definitely
put him on par with Keller as far as performance if not maybe even a little bit more superior in
the way he's able to create on his own more and he's I would say he's probably our best forward
overall so you're thinking well what is he going to ask for and at this particular moment way he's able to create on his own more and he's I would say he's probably our best forward overall
so you're thinking well what is he going to ask for and at this particular moment based on what
he can provide how many teams can get a guy that's producing like him at 750 grand that's like for the
fourth liners are going to pick up at the down line or make it more and in a year where the cap
is is so important he's so much more valuable i wouldn't
giving give him up anything less than a first rounder and maybe even a prospect yeah whoever's
getting him though realizes that we get he'll he's rfa but we gotta then sign him so if you're
willing if you're trading a first rounder and something else it's like all right well we have
to make sure we get the guy signed yeah that maybe that would be a stipulation that's done before
before the trade but uh but yeah it would suck a stipulation that's done before the trade.
But yeah, it would suck given the fact that they are in a playoff spot right now.
But I agree with you.
I think that any asset they can move in order to gain draft picks, do it.
And still try to make it with what you got.
Yeah, I mean, it's not going to be easy to fill Goose's hole
if Alex Golodoski gets moved as like a number six
guy because we talked about last pod he's transferred into that like penalty killer
shot blocker he can eat you up 15 to 18 consistent minutes of where he's not making a ton of bonehead
mistakes yeah he's a decent puck mover where you know what what are teams going to value that at
at this point uh jarmelson i don't know's got experience, but he's got a no-move clause.
Don't know how that's going to work out.
But, yeah, I'm sure they're going to try to get crafty here
towards the deadline.
Yeah, the Blues have lost six straight 0-5-1 on that time,
just two wins in their last 13 games.
So, yeah, I think everybody expected a lot more out of them.
Biz, you did mention the Shocks.
This is another team we basically almost had a funeral for
on this podcast a few weeks ago.
Well, they had a 4-0 week.
They swept Minnesota, like I just said.
Then they swept the Kings.
They're just three points back of a playoff spot.
And this is all because of Martin Jones, man.
He's another guy we called out earlier this season.
Versus the Kings this year, 5-1 with a 2-3-7 goals
against 9-3-2 save percentage and a shutout.
His save percentage has been ridiculous lately,
7-1-1 in his last nine games with a 9-3-4.
This is the Martin Jones that a lot of people liked years ago
when he first got to San Jose when they went to that cup run,
and he's been kind of disappearing.
But if he can keep this up, San Jose could possibly sneak into the playoffs.
We did get an all-time quote
uh from eric coulson who by the way his his play has stepped up as well uh he was asked after
scoring two goals and the shootout winner if it was the best offensive game he had ever played
gee you want to run that all right eric is that the best offensive game you've ever had uh
two goals and essentially a hat trick when the game winner and the, uh, not even close,
like not even the,
not even close,
but like chomping on the apple and the guy's face at the same time,
just like,
I don't know if it's a power move.
That's a stupid thing to say,
but just fucking hilarious.
Like not even close.
That'd be,
that'd be me asking a question like that.
If I was the one stuck on the zoom call,
asking it where like the player would be like,
uh,
no,
you fucking loser.
I'd be like,
fuck. And you thought it was just a a great you thought it was a great question you're like i got the
best question for post game yeah just running up to my computer like down the hall down the
press level just be like i'm about to hit it out of the park and then fucking dunk on your face
hey at least you got a fucking quote to use anyways but uh any other notes from that division
boys you want to share before we get to the et cetera portion of the show?
No, interesting to see what will happen at the deadline.
I don't think Vegas or Colorado are doing much, right?
Both those teams, I think,
they can win the Stanley Cup with what they have.
They'll probably look around and see what's going on,
but they have no room either, Vegas.
So it wouldn't surprise me if they do something,
because they always seem to, but they'd have to move. It'd be money for money. So we'll see what happens,
but the next week's going to be entertaining. No doubt about it. Hey, Biz, I know it's already
hot where you are and it's getting hotter here in the Northeast. That means swass and sweaty
balls and powder and chafing. The worst. The worst. Absolute worst. But that's why you guys
should be wearing Saks. S-A-X-X.
They make the world's best underwear thanks to their patented ballpark pouch,
which is basically a built-in hammock to keep your balls in place. No sticking or chafing or irritation.
I got a pair with elephants on it.
Speaking of elephants, it's my favorite pair of undies.
Blue with big old gray elephants on it.
Saks, the most comfortable underwear i've ever worn
no doubt all right i didn't mean to interrupt you but i had to shout out the elephant undies
the ball sack hammock yeah oh yeah my ball sack's not exactly big enough to need its own hammock i
wish it was but i still love the sacks yeah give it a few years gravity will do its thing uh also
they just launched their new hot shot cooling underwear you heard that right it's
actually underwear that cools down your balls via evaporative cooling science yo and the little mesh
panels optimize airflow to keep your nuggets supported and shape free biz i think you got
a pair of these with the panels on the side for that arizona heat i got them i got them all i got
a nice shipment there you go and you got nothing to lose
because sax off is a 45 day comfort guarantee if you try them and you don't love them you can
return them no strings attached your boys deserve better this summer so grab yourself a pair of
sax's hot new hot shot boxes use the code chicklets for 10 off your first order plus free shipping
so go to saxx.com and remember for 10 off and free shipping. So go to S-A-X-X.com.
And remember, for 10 off and free shipping,
use the code CHICKLETS when you go to S-A-X-X.com.
Once again, the code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Okay, boys, we do have some sad news to kick off this portion of the program.
We want to send our deepest sympathies to the family, friends,
and teammates of Pat Romano.
Pat played hockey at Niagara university and tragically lost his life at
just 23 years old.
It was a off-campus house fire.
He lost his life.
And it's just devastating news to hear.
We didn't know Pat,
but we were told that he was a beloved teammate as well as a big fan of
the show and pink Whitney as well.
So we wanted to acknowledge his terrible loss and,
and again, give our deepest condolences acknowledge his terrible loss and, and again,
give our deepest condolences to his family, friends, and teammates.
It's just, this isn't how life is supposed to go.
Unfortunately, these things happen and we,
and we have to deal with them and we were just heartbroken to hear about
Pat. So again,
we want to convey our sympathies to everybody who knew Pat and we're
terribly sorry to hear that. So, okay guys.
And moving down the list here, we saw the Hobie Baker finalists were announced as well this week.
On Thursday, Wisconsin's Cole Caulfield, who is now a Habs prospect,
University of North Dakota forward Shane Pinto,
who had just signed his entry-level deal with Ottawa last week,
and goalie Dryden McKay of Minnesota State.
That's an interesting first name for a goalie.
He's coming off a 21-3 season with the 1-3-9 goals against,
9-3-1 save percentage, 10 shutouts.
He had 24 shutouts in three seasons, second only behind Ryan Miller's 26.
But this kid is an undrafted free agent and can sign anywhere
once his season ends.
He's still in the Frozen Four.
But that's crazy, man, to have this kid has those kind of numbers
and nobody's drafting him.
So you've got to imagine.
He's going to have his choice.
He's going to have a lot of options.
That's when it's the ultimate is when you,
if you don't get drafted kind of high, sometimes an agent will say,
oh, you're better off not getting drafted.
Then you can really pick whoever wants you if you really pop off.
And certainly this kid has,
it's cool for him to be the only Hobie Baker finalist playing as well yeah that's like the ultimate college campus uh walkthrough experience
if you're getting uh you know all these nhl teams let's say you have five interested you're like okay
send the pj let's do a lunch let's talk about put me up at the four seasons maybe i'll consider
remember when jimmy vc was on his tour he had it kind of, there was a bit of a process there, no?
Oh, yeah.
We'll get the surf and turf.
He was like LeBron that year, we say to him.
The decision.
Hey, he hit the surf and turf at every meal.
Just, yeah.
Let's see.
2022 Men's Olympic Team USA named its GM and assistant GM.
Stan Bowman is going to be the general manager,
and Billy Guerin is going to be the assistant general manager.
I don't know how Chief took this news.
We'll have to check on him.
Anything Stan related, he has a conniption of it.
But congrats to those two guys.
Obviously, three-fourths of the show will be pulling for Team USA
and the Olympics next year.
Trade deadline is just a week away, boys, a week from today.
So we're going to have hopefully some stuff to talk about.
Emily Kaplan had a story the other day.
She reported that nobody wants to take on money right now,
which is kind of what we were just saying.
Retained salary is going to be a theme that we're probably going to hear a lot
going forward, but not much movement yet.
You've got to wonder again,
how much the flat cap is going to restrict movement going forward,
but hopefully we'll have some trades to talk about. Well, either way, the golf season is in full swing.
We got the Masters coming up this week,
and now is the perfect time to get out on the course.
If you're Whitney, you never left.
You're trying to book a tee time right now?
Look no further as we are officially announcing the launch
of the Barstool Golf Time app.
In partnership with Supreme Golf,
the Barstool Golf Time app allows you to book tee times at thousands of courses.
After you book, take a picture or video of the course you're on and submit it for an official review.
Riggs, Frankie, Trent, and Lurch's reviews are all in the app as well, so you can join and write along with your friends and do the same.
There's other cool features as well, such as the Barstool Golf Rewards to get free merch.
We're going to be rolling that out soon, so don't be a pigeon.
Download the Barstool Golf app today, get free merch. We're going to be rolling that out soon. So don't be a pigeon. Download the Barstool Golf app today.
Now available in the App Store.
The Whitdog.
Like I just said, Masters around the corner.
We just did a sandbag.
What do we do first, sandbag or Masters?
Oh, sandbaggers.
We kind of really did it before.
How many times can you say it's like I need to learn how to putt?
I used to be a good putter.
And then I've said this, like my ball striking got better.
And then my putting's falling off a cliff.
But somebody's like, do you practice putting?
I'm like, not really.
I would have no idea how to practice putting.
I'd have two balls on the putting range and be putting around.
It's like, I don't know.
I need to learn how to do it.
Because when you can't putt, you have no chance to continue momentum in rounds it's like you have birdie putts
you miss you miss you miss well then all of a sudden the birdie putts a seven foot par save
you miss that you're making bogeys you haven't created any wiggle room with birdies you're not
winning any holes when we're in these sandbaggers so my putting is fucking atrocious it's disgusting the
other day i played i had 36 putts i shot 75 it's like what the fuck are you doing dude so i mean
the biz you're awful awful but we're working towards you getting lessons biz and i had a
long talk in jupiter that it's like time to really even hop into the video side of you getting good at golf. You're an athlete. I know it can happen, but moving on to
the masters, Jordan Spieth gets it done. And I am a huge Jordan Spieth guy. Always have been.
My buddy, Mike Riley, rest in peace. Love that kid. I talked about him. He passed away.
He hated Spieth and we used to battle back and forth. He's like,
he's always whining and he talks so much to his caddy and I just enjoy all of
it. He's very vocal on the course where he's yelling at his ball.
He's talking to the caddy, Michael Greller, very intent,
intensely where they're discussing shot options.
And he's just like kind of a showman a little bit,
but he gives thoughtful, legit answers in interviews.
He's very well-spoken and he dominates Augusta.
So he finally wins for the first time in four years.
And then he's going to the course that he seems to always be in the hunt.
Look out.
What do you think of him, Biz?
Well, I think you nailed it.
He's yeah, he's a bit, he's a showman.
And I did notice from watching yesterday,
I mentioned that I was at Wiz's place with Kami.
I was getting a little annoyed that before shots,
sometimes he would back away, switch the club, be talking to his caddy.
And I'm like, other guys just seem to step up and hit the ball.
And he was playing against that Hoffman who seems like an absolute beauty.
Yeah, he seems like a legend, Charlie Hoffman.
He used to have a mullet biz. Yeah, that's what they said. seems like an absolute beauty yeah he's he seems like a legend charlie hoffman he's been on doing
he used to have a mullet biz yeah that's what they said they said he looked like the all-american
like dude just like out there playing golf like joe dirt kind of yeah and and i asked uh um the
guys they said he's made about 30 million on tour in his career yeah and he's been in the hunt at
augusta too but going back to speed is is yeah i did notice that he's he's a bit the hunt at Augusta too but going back to Spieth is is yeah I did notice
that he's he's a bit of a showman out there and like I guess I really after hearing you talk about
it you're kind of like well it's like nice it's like a different type of personality but I do
respect the fact that he's so open and honest in interviews where it's like okay well at least he's
able to get up there and say it where it can't be perceived as bad as it maybe is at some times.
And golfers are such like, I don't know remotely what it takes
to become a professional golfer.
Now, I'm guessing there's sort of like you never want to show weakness, right?
Like Brooks Koepka, the ultimate hard-o, right?
Like, I don't practice golf.
Like, you know, he just speed's the exact opposite where
he lost his game and now lost his game right for for one of the best in the world but he dropped
out of the top 50 in the world he was number one at a time and he's talking to like media and like
truthfully saying i don't know where the ball is going i have a two-way miss my putting isn't there
and it's like it's so refreshing to hear what every person who loves
golf goes through, whether you're a 20 handicap or you're a scratch golfer, or you're a plus six
professional tour member. Every single guy has moment. Every single guy has moments in their
career or in their life where you just, you're kind of lost and you don't know where the ball
is going, like he says. And so to hear the highest level say it, I've just always enjoyed how in
depth you go into his career. It makes me more of a fan of his do you think during this period of
time where he hadn't won that it got like when you're watching them there are a lot of like
like kind of and that's where maybe people got a little bit like this isn't really people have
always kind of just some some people have just like been so annoyed at like how he is and how
vocal he is and when he's yelling at his
ball and how disappointed he gets like after a bad shot and i don't know it's like to each his
own in terms of what you root for what type of athlete you want to watch are you a strong silent
type fan where you want to see a guy who you're living with the highs and lows of every shot so
that's kind of what he does who um master's week nothing beats it nothing beats it and mikey can we talk about i
got a barstool sportsbook bet going up we can we talk about that or no yes absolutely pump the hell
out of that yeah so we're i i have a bet going on i'm gonna pick uh five guys and you have to just
have one of them finish in the top five and the odds are going to be boosted. And if you hop in on this bet,
you're going to get a limited edition,
fresh pink Whitney master's hoodie.
Oh,
all time,
all time piece of merchandise.
This thing's sick.
So I know there's only certain States that right now you can do it with,
but that bet will be brought to you soon.
I think RA,
you obviously throw in some money on some,
maybe some long shots.
Oh my God. I'm drooling right now. Looking at the list. Like there's so many bombers out there.. I think, R.A., you obviously throw in some money on maybe some long shots. Oh, my God. I'm drooling right now looking at the list. There's
so many bombers out there.
We haven't had a huge one come in
lately. Actually, I think someone hit 50-1 not too
long ago, but I'm drooling, man.
These are named golfers at like 250-1,
100-1. I just got
a feeling one of these guys is going to come in soon
with a huge bomber. I'm going to
sprinkle the infield. I look at Shoffley's's 22 to one he's going to win a major jason day 75 to one i
mean it's not out of the realm of possibility he would win this tournament i don't know how he's
been playing lately i'm not i don't keep track like you do but i don't know this harris english
125 to one i hear his name from my my golf buddies hair on there so i'm definitely going to be
sprinkling the infield um before they before they kick off because that's the best time to get these
great odds who's uh who do you like the most going in with like outright um so i don't i i don't know
the last time i should know the last time somebody repeated at at augusta it does not happen often
though so i'm not going to pick dj i think dj's putting has been a little weak leading up
to this tournament that's just kind of what i saw on golf channel man i like speed and then he went
i would i will put it this way going into the the final round on sunday i i say speech in the mix
so i don't know about who's gonna win but then if i'm looking at other guys like
in terms of all the favorites like i don't know when justin thomas won the
players and how like he's he's one of the best players in the world and it seems like his time
is like really coming he's got one major pga i think he could get it done but this tournament
is so crazy because you got a putt so well and in november when there was most recently played
the delayed one from coven and dj shot 20, you might see an under 10 under winner this year
because they're going to want the course to play different.
I don't think the members in the tournament committee at Augusta
wants a 20 under winner.
They want between 8 and 11 under, so you're going to see harder golf.
So I think my pick is Justin Thomas to get the win,
but I think speed's going to be right there.
Nice. That Justin Thomas is small. He's but I think speed's going to be right there. Nice.
That Justin Thomas is small.
He's like one of the smallest guys on tour.
They're all small, dude. Rory's tiny.
They are very short now.
They're so fast twitch, dude.
They got that, though.
And they just coil up and wind up,
and they're almost off their feet at impact.
Some of these guys.
One last golf uh note
before we move it over to grailey posture is going to decapitate somebody with one of those drones
uh if you guys keep that up way too fucking they're so and they're so loud the loudest thing
in your ear you can imagine is a posh a drone oh hilarious um i got one last golf question for wit. Who would you say is the most dramatic on tour as far as a golfer?
Bryson.
Oh, when he plays, it's just like that.
He's the guy.
Okay.
He's just so painful.
He's just like just dropping the sponsors every interview.
People get so mad when I make fun of him online.
Like there are some staunch defenders.
Was he like the NASCAR guy on the tour?
I don't know how to describe i don't know how to describe him like he's just like he released a video recently on
tiktok of him like running out to the garage and like screaming as he's lifting weights he's just
a goon but i've always said what he did and just changing his body and like transforming himself
to this long drive amazing putt putter champion is so impressive.
But him just off the course, like personality wise, he's like complete tomatoes, if you ask me.
Great answer.
Great answer.
Gee, I know you had something for us.
The song.
Let's fill the listeners in.
Yes, it's something that Hank and I and Brian Fitzsimmons
have been working on for a little while now.
For those who don't-
Fuck.
The SONC crypto would be unbelievable.
We should start that.
But the SONC, which is Play Barstool's new free-to-play game
where NHL fans can answer six questions
for a chance to win the progressive jackpot.
Now, what is the progressive jackpot, you ask, Biz?
Well, it starts at 2,500 for the first contest.
And when someone does not win the jackpot in a given contest,
that 2,500 is added to the next contest jackpot.
When someone wins the progressive jackpot,
the jackpot amount is reset to 2,500 the following contest.
So when does this all kick off?
Well,
we'll do this on Tuesdays and Fridays and the first contest will begin
Friday,
April 9th contest.
One calls for fans to predict the final score of the Oilers,
senators,
Bruins versus flyers and lease versus Canadians games.
And they also have to predict if Leon dry sidle,
Kevin Hayes and Austin Matthews will all score goals.
Now, where can you find this app?
You can download this at the Play Barstool app in the app store.
This is free?
Yeah, it's free.
It's free.
Free money, baby, at PlayBarstool.com.
Why wouldn't you play?
Why wouldn't you play?
Exactly.
I'm playing.
You can win 2,500 just for free.
You can win more because the progressive jackpot just keeps adding up and adding up.
And it's so cool.
You can pick who's going to score.
It's just a fun way to get interactive with hockey.
It's not gambling.
It's a little different, but it's fun.
Good job, boys.
Shout out Hank.
Absolutely.
Shout out Hank.
He's a genius, man.
That kid, working with him behind the scenes, you see how smart he actually is.
But the whole team.
Hank's dad is like the captain of my buddy's pickleball team.
Or what's the other?
It's not pickleball.
It's outside, but they got the walls around you.
Badminton?
Oh, squash?
Racquetball?
It's different.
It's called something else,
but Hank's dad is the captain of my buddy's team
and sends emails about how to attack the other players on the other team,
what their weaknesses are, what their strengths are.
The email exchange is ridiculous.
Mr. Lockwood just looking for a title.
Guys are just like, yeah, but I just want to sweat.
I don't need a scout replay.
He's like, he has a tough little backhand,
so force him to his right side where you know he's not going to be able
to handle the heat.
Sweep the leg.
Sign Hank's dad.
Sweep the leg.
I know you boys want to talk about Operation Vassity Blues.
That was on Netflix a couple weeks back.
It was about the college admissions scandal, didn't you guys?
Oh, my God.
I watched that.
Oh, it is so nice to see people like that get taken down
because what a bunch of assholes i think we talked about it when the whole story broke these
rich assholes who literally have no respect for their kids and making them actually go out and
accomplish things that like they want to get done and instead just cheating your way into getting these kids into schools.
They had no business to get.
And the crazy thing is watching the documentary, the guy,
I think it's Rick singer was his name, dude.
So he got busted and he's like, all right, listen,
I'll give you every single person that I helped break the rules and break the
law.
And he won't be charged or brought to trial till all of the
people that he gave up are like actually done and taken care of whether they pleaded guilty
not guilty whether they got time or didn't and i bet you at the end he doesn't get anything done
to him because he's like they got him all right well i think you'd they'd much rather go after
the rich celebrities that are just cheating the system and screwing over any hard-working kid who had a chance to get into a school because they want to pay
for their,
their kid to just go to USC.
It was like,
I don't know.
I was just disgusted by that.
Yeah.
It was a tough scene.
And,
and go after the people that could probably actually afford to pay the
fines that they have to pay.
It's just like crazy as a parent.
Like,
what are you doing for your kid?
Like you're,
you're not doing, you're, you're, you're setting them back, if anything.
It's like, and I felt bad for some of the kids because they didn't even know.
They didn't even know.
That's what's crazy.
And it's like they're spending fucking half a million dollars,
a million dollars to get a kid in college, to go to college,
to go to Southern Cal.
I mean, I guess it's tough to get in Southern Cal.
I didn't know that either.
Big fucking deal.
You want your kid to go to the same school as OJ and you're going to spend that kind of money?
Yeah, it's just a lot of rich assholes.
I wasn't crazy about OJ getting shout outs back to back weeks on our podcast.
I was a huge fan of the documentary format.
I kind of like my documentaries talking head style.
Like, I didn't like the whole Matthew.
It was like a movie like Matthew.
Oh, I like that.
I like that. Yeah, I was like he was he was so good at acting like like and just the fact
that they had the actual recordings so the conversations were real is what i liked because
they said i think at the beginning of the movie that any conversation he had was basically them
taking a recording and just i thought it dumbed it down to where it was easier to understand it
all like obviously you know if you if i get what you're saying, R.A., there's different types of documentary.
I was surprised at first because I didn't understand it.
And then it finally clicked in like, oh, they're just reenacting this.
But the guy, they did look fairly similar and the interaction seemed very genuine.
And yeah, I think I think I knew everything that I needed to know.
I didn't want to hear too much of the tapes and shit. The funny thing was
too, I think he
got brought down because another guy got busted
and was it some financial guy?
And he's like, all of a sudden, those
people just start saying whatever they know. They're like,
hey, I can give you this and this. It was like
just the house of cards came crumbling
down, but a crazy
story. I enjoyed watching it.
Biz, I know the nice guys got a huge bump in the last week i ended up writing a blog about it and the numbers that blog did were absolutely insane
i couldn't believe that that many people were tweeting it and watched it and i did you end up
finishing it biz i know you said you stopped so i fell asleep and not no offense to the movie
either because i loved it it's the are incredible. You would never think that those two on camera would work, even going in.
Their chemistry was second to none.
And I feel like it's the type of movie, and remind you,
I'm not usually the first guy to get the whole movie the first time I watch it.
But I feel like you could watch that thing 20 times
and still pick up new things that are happening.
There are so many different little things to pick up.
It was like system overload for me.
That's what I wrote in my blog.
I compared it to The Big Lebowski.
And so far, the more you watch it, the better it gets, the funnier it gets,
the more little jokes you pick up.
I mean, because I probably watched it 10 times.
It's an absolutely hilarious movie.
Wait, have you had a chance to check it out yet?
No, but I will.
I will. I will.
Ted Lasso on that same night.
Ted Lasso.
Shout out to my boy, Jason Sudeikis.
He won the SAG Sunday night.
Some pretty tough competition, but he got the award for best.
I think it was best comedy actor, best actor.
Ted Lasso, man.
He's racking up the awards.
Love to see it.
Guys, before we go, we're talking about, you know, entertaining content.
We got to mention Barstool Sports has entered the true crime with
the case podcast.
I mean, just real quick on the evening of November 14th, 1989,
16 year old Jennifer Faye was supposed to be babysitting.
She had other plans.
She snuck out of her house and brought the mask looking for a party.
She was never seen again.
Kirk's done an unbelievable job with this
podcast, breaking down
what actually happened, all the corruption
and all the craziness that went on behind
the scenes. That release today, Monday,
check it out if you get the chance.
All good stuff.
Also, the Pink Whitney Cup, we're going to
be dropping episodes all week. I believe
number two is dropping Monday night.
And make sure you check out our YouTube page.
Spit and check out our YouTube page.
That's where all our sandbag is at.
Subscribe, baby.
Subscribe.
As all the videos of me making an ass of myself during our road trips,
feel free to check them out.
Boys, any other final notes before we wrap up this fun episode?
I think we all make fools of ourselves on those videos, R.A.,
so you're not alone in that.
I appreciate that.
No worries.
Team,
team game,
team game.
No,
I'm looking forward to this week.
Obviously master's week is very special.
I love that tournament.
I love,
I think anyone who even doesn't like golf enjoys master's week,
but also this is a week of some major NHL drama in terms of the
deadline.
So the next time we talk to you guys,
we'll be after the deadline.
We'll know who made moves, who tried to go on a little bit of run,
and who decided to sell, sell, sell.
Calgary Flames, I'm looking at you.
I appreciate everyone listening as always.
I love you guys.
And Biz, did I not interrupt anyone today?
You're awesome.
I think I interrupted a few people as usual.
The last thing I had in my notes was I watched that Eric Andre,
the new movie he did.
I think it's called Bad Trip.
I don't know who that is.
Have you watched that, Grinelli?
Or you have, R.A.?
No, I had it in the notes.
I haven't watched it yet, though.
Do you want to just table that biz for next week and we can all watch it?
Sure, sure, sure.
All right.
I'm in, biz.
Should I take it back out or no?
No, I got Ted Lasso, I got nice guys and I got bad language.
That's our assignment for next week.
And if you want to check out thief too,
that's a,
that's another old one.
I recommend that.
That's some good.
I just want to honestly,
I just want to sign on and just watch that guy pound an octopus.
That's what I'm going to do right now.
I'll see you guys.
This is a fun pod.
Good to see you guys.
Love you.
Bye.
Have a good one.
Everyone. This was a fun pod. Good to see you guys. Love you. Bye. Have a good one, everyone. So good, yeah.
I'm so good, so good, I'm so good.
So good, so good, so good.
So good, so good, so good.
So good, so good, yeah.
Heather! Heather! Heather! Heather! Thank you. As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets.
Huge thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Earnest.
Check them out if you're looking to refi your student loans.
Big thanks to our friends at Simply Safe for keeping us all safe in our homes these days.
Huge thanks to our friends at Blue Nile.
If you're looking for a Mother's Day or anniversary gift, by all means, check them out.
Big thanks to Barstool Golf Time Supreme.
If you're looking to book them, get that app and do it there.
Huge thanks to our friends at Roman taking care of the fellas and big thanks to our friends at Saks also taking care of the
fellas. Have a great week, everybody.
