Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 328 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
My friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, everyone? The trade deadline was just a little while ago.
Lots of stuff to talk about, lots of stuff to break down.
Guys getting moved, teams loading up.
We also have some Masters talk, a bunch of other stuff.
But first, biz, could an orangutan beat an ostrich?
You can't put me on my heels like that right off the hop, buddy.
He doesn't even know what an ostrich is.
Oh, no, no, no.
I know what a fucking ostrich is.
They used to be ostrich farms by my house in Welland,
and they used to kill them for ostrich.
Good eating.
Yeah, epic pepperettes and shit.
I always thought it was bizarre,
but I would always stop on the way back from Niagara Falls,
and we would always go look at them up.
We'd walk up to the fence.
Hey, I tell you what.
Like ostrich jerky, you're saying, they make?
Ostrich steaks, they're supposed to be good.
Oh, yeah.
They make them into pepperettes back home.
Really?
At the time, I wouldn't have eaten that.
I don't even think I was eating mussels back then.
That's how picky I was about what I was putting in my body but what i did remember was they're shut up
what you were putting your body in no about what not fuck off with i've never been picky in that
regard no but don't they have the knees that go the other way and they could truck up to like 60
or 70 miles per hour like portland don't
to like 60 or 70 miles per hour like portland don't no ostrich can fuck you up man they're they're some oh yeah so you think an ostrich beater anger no we can't get in i'm not gonna
get out no i didn't even think we're gonna get this fast listen the only thing we're gonna talk
about animals today is we were talking about no i have to say one thing but go ahead it's not the
only thing okay i need to say one thing is uh we talked about the elephants and then the next day somebody
sent us this video of an elephant coming up to this like safari vehicle and this thing had the
biggest fucking dick that not all elephant males have dicks that size correct it looked like it was
one i was like wait a minute i'm like is that one of its legs and then i was like oh no maybe it's
like a dead leg i thought maybe it was like a three-legged one where it was hanging off to the middle.
But this thing, that's not regulation size, correct?
You saw the camera and chubbed up.
I have no idea.
It was six inches off the ground.
No, you didn't see it?
I saw it, and I can't say that I know if that's the average size of a wrench for an elephant,
but I do know this.
That thing was a complete monster.
He was dragging it on the ground.
It was like the Columbus Blue Jackets cannon.
And we can say, like, the animal talk, first of all, just exploded.
The animal talk.
I have had more discussions with fans about our animal talk last week than I ever have about any stupid trade.
Shout out the trade deadline that's today.
But quickly to wrap up my elephant knowledge, of all the things I was sent and I watched some YouTube videos, I dove deep into the elephant lifestyle.
The best thing I saw was they communicate through like vibrations, dude.
They have their trumpet sounds that they make with
their horn you know they're you know i don't i shouldn't say i'm that deep into the knowledge
i can't even name what yeah the trunk but in the end they'll they'll make vibrations on the ground
and then through their bones they feel what's actually being discussed from another elephant
so just an amazing thing to top off that yeah they are they are top dogs and like i said before the
elephant and the animal knowledge with our fans and the ability to chat we may end up going on a
safari chicklets takes africa with za we'll save the elephants and well there's the other video we
sent out today of the guy he trained a couple and what he was he raised him or something he shows up
at that like field and he's caused the name and they come running over like puppies
and they surround him and make noise and shit.
No, see, it was pretty impressive.
No, they were.
They came over.
They were just like, what's that?
Pretty impressive.
All right, enough of the animal talk.
Let's talk to this other animal.
Our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
How are we doing, guy?
Doing very well.
Dropping some embroidered sweatshirts this week.
Some high class stuff. You don't have to pay
top dollar for them either. Also,
we have a mini-golf video dropping
this week on Thursday. It's
Biz vs. Wit vs. RA vs. myself.
So, I'm excited. We also have
a behind-the-scenes of the Pink
Whitney Cup video dropping on the YouTube
as well, so subscribe to that.
I can't wait to hear everyone tell me how buckled I
was. My friends laugh and they're like,
they thought you were more buckled
than that one. No, this video might
have a random fan show up to your house
to take you to passages in Malibu.
Grinnelli, I haven't seen the video yet.
I just remember that night you were
it wasn't even how waffled you were.
It was some of these putts. It's like he has
to be on something to putt.
No, it was definitely the greens.
It was definitely the greens.
Yeah, they were too speedy.
R.A., you do get crippled on some nights we are away on our trips.
You always have one or two that get away from you.
Well, the one where you took off during the live stream for 45 minutes,
that one, I think that's a fair one.
And then, of course, the mini putt night.'s let people decide two nights in a row i think those
right i mean again i the live stream i i did go back to the room to roll a bone for the whole
crew and oh the one you forgot in your pocket and yeah yeah and i had and i had to use the
facilities too so i think your accent makes people think you're more drunk than you are
i'm a fucking mob of them up anyways so yeah exactly my friends like they're literally like they like
these people think you're fucked up i'm like yeah like i mean they've seen me like like legit
buckled so i don't know i laugh it's fucking hilarious either way all right we got so many
fucking trades to get to this is when this is this is when you really realize that you you don't know
a ton about the league because half of these names are like, I didn't even know who this guy was.
So sorry if we butcher the whole trade deadline,
but a lot of players in this league, guys.
But before we jump in, I want to say this first
because we always forget our guests.
We have two guests this week.
We have Dale Weiss, who had a nice little NHL career for himself.
He came on and told some great stories.
We're going to get to him later.
And we were also visited by Greg Carvell, UMass Amherst's coach.
He just won the national championship.
He was kind enough to come on with us for a little while,
chat about his experience the whole year, everything.
We had a great talk with him.
Hopefully you folks enjoy it.
We'll get to those later.
But like Biz said, trade stuff.
And I mean, the first one, Taylor Hall is the biggest name on the board.
I think that's the biggest name on the board i think
that's the biggest trade and our boy buchi had it first he didn't actually break it in traditional
style he actually put a bunch of pictures up and stuff but boston gets taylor hall and curtis lazar
for andes bjork swedish kid and a second rounder in 21 uh buffalo is also eating of Hall's money I mean
let's go to you first
did Buffalo get stiff?
I think that this deal was a great move by Boston
because you need help scoring
and of course if you look at the numbers this year
Hall's had a bad year
he even said today
we're recording Monday
he said I'm not a very confident hockey player right now
and he's very open and honest about how he feels I mean the way the way that year's gone how could
anyone be confident right now in Buffalo so Boston needs scoring he's never played on a team this
good and they're struggling right now but they're dealing with tons of injuries but the chance to
get to play with probably David Krejci and then be on, be on the ice with Patrice Bergeron and Marshawn and Poshnok.
It's like, he's not, he doesn't have to be the guy.
I think that he's going to go in and there's been people questioning his
skating and everything.
And I think he's going to be great because the ability to play with players
that good, I cannot tell you the difference it makes.
And you can say like his MVP year was a fluke. That wasn't,
I think what happened after is he's battling injury.
And then since then, right, it's just been a complete gong show.
He's in Arizona, goes to Buffalo,
and it looks like there could be not a magical year,
but definitely steps in the right direction.
And the exact opposite happens.
He's in the worst situation he could ever imagine.
That's including the team I was on in Edmonton.
We were horrible.
They made us look like the wings in 97,
the Sabres this year.
So now he gets to be on a team that knows how to win.
That's been there and done that.
And he's not the number one guy.
And all he wants to do is win.
So people call out his character and say that he's a bad teammate.
I think that is such bullshit.
I don't,
I've never, has any of his teammates ever come out and publicly said he's a bad guy?
It's crazy. And it's like reported reported like this guy's a locker room issue.
He's a character that has no character. It's like, what the fuck?
Nobody's ever said that publicly. It's all social media.
And I played with him and he's all he wants to do is win.
Like he loves hockey so much. This guy cares.
And all he everything gets questions like call out his play if you want.
But for people to throw out the character assassination at him,
it's fucking crazy because it's bullshit.
So I'm rooting for him, and I think it was a good deal for the Bruins.
And Bjork, he's not going to play third, fourth line,
and he's not good enough to play on the top two lines in Boston.
So get him somewhere or maybe have a chance to play more,
and he could become a legit NHL-er.
And then the draft pick was what?
What round?
Second rounder in 2021 this year.
Good move for the Bruins.
Had to get done.
Didn't have to give up a first rounder.
Yeah, I'm excited to see what Halsey can do there.
And as you mentioned, not be the guy.
And that kind of sucks that that's kind of the book out on him.
I just think that he's landed in places where it's like, you know,
sometimes you don't have a winning culture, and when you're like the top dog, you kind of just get this label if the book out on him. I just think that he's landed in places where it's like, you know, sometimes you don't have a winning culture.
And when you're like the top dog,
you kind of just get this label.
If the team doesn't win where it's like,
well,
fuck.
Yeah.
And I swear to God,
I think there's times where he like his look,
when he looks like mad,
it's like people,
like,
he just looks like people get so bitch.
I swear to God,
people like judge him for that.
He's got a little resting bitch face. He said resting bitch fit fetch big fetch yeah jesus he's got those lips
too you think it's because of the lips fan again it's because the lips are so puckered all the time
yes dsls the dsls he's bringing those over to boston you got a puck in the lip once it was
like double as big i was like whoa now we're getting a little extreme i was like, whoa, now we're getting a little extreme. That was like fresh off the lip injection.
Like Kylie Jenner, fresh off, like right out of the Botox.
I don't know.
I think he does well there.
The Bruins look bad, right?
They got to get something figured out.
But they got the Sabres tonight.
So that should be a nice little way for him to get started
and hopefully get on the board.
Yeah, I mean, they basically got Hall for a second round
because Lazar and Bjork, I mean, essentially cancel out.
I mean, I actually, I think it might even be like somewhat of an upgrade.
I mean, Bjork, he was drafted in 2014.
I thought he was given plenty of chances over the years.
You know, he had actually some flashes this year,
but he just was never able to stick.
I mean, I don't think he was really going to be useful in a bottom six role.
He was signed.
More so where you're saying Lazar would be more able to adapt
and be comfortable in that role and maybe add a little bit more grit
and be comfortable, all right?
Yeah, I think absolutely.
I mean, Lazar's a great fourth liner.
He could probably play in the third line, but he's got a little bit of score on pop.
He's a scrappy player, whereas Bjork, you're not really going to get that physicality.
Basically, I'm not pissing himaning that the Bruins cut ties with the
kid again you draft him seven years ago he hasn't been able to really latch on at this point so you
know if they're gonna cut bait fine I mean he's making 1.6 mil as I was only making half of that
and also two business like the Bruins fourth line hasn't really been that great this year they have
they've you know they've been off they've been better in previous years so you know you bring a guy like that he's going to either make the line
better or make guys more accountable you know and that's fair because you're coming from a stanley
cup where your fourth line was so important you guys had thornton paille and who was the other
guy was it cam cambell craig campbell and and especially with a team like uh like boston and
right now their issue is is they're
having a hard time finding the back of the net a lot consistently at least away from those top guys
you're saying that extra goal here and there from the fourth line could be the difference and Curtis
Lazar is a good fit okay I really like where the bees are headed yeah I'm sold all right and and
good penalty kill it though sorry but no just going the Bruins, because we'll go into the teams who really showed that they are going for it.
Mike Riley is a good defenseman.
He's underrated.
He's very solid.
I think Bruins fans are going to like him.
There's games, Biz, where you don't notice him,
and that's kind of like the goal, right?
That's a good thing.
Every play, you know, he makes the easy play.
He's constantly not out of position.
I think that's a guy, when the Bruins right now,
for all the injuries they have,
the biggest lock in the history of hockey was Sunday night.
I saw the Washington Capitals there, minus 125 and plus 220 puck line.
And the Bruins had like four defense I'd never heard of.
So I actually, I was like, is this a scam?
Is something, but sure enough, it hit.
It was like, there aren't supposed to be locks like that,
but shout out me.
So I like the Bruins moves,
and right now it's a little bit of a struggle,
but once guys come back and get healthy,
Hall's going to make an impact, I believe.
And Riley, as many Bruins fans might not know a lot about him
and are wondering what are you going to get,
I think that they're going to really like what they see.
Not a lot of last game in Motos happening.
What? Was that where you lot of last game in uh motos happening what was that
where you played your last game in sweden where you had the pete yeah minus minus the night before
i was worse or two the two two day two games before two nights before it was just pathetic
me in sweden we got to get the i would love this the the highlight package of that game
where i had to retire it's just one period I played. Yeah. What they picked up Riley from Ottawa for a third,
a third rounder in 2022. He's got 19 assists in 40 games this year.
This said, this is probably the best year of his career.
And he's been getting it done for an Ottawa team. And, you know,
probably maybe a bit of an unheralded sign, uh, unheralded acquisition.
Sometimes you get a guy and people shrug their shoulders.
I think a Marcus Johansson when the Bruins got him in 2019 and people like,
Oh, who's this guy?
And it's like he almost helped them win a Stanley Cup.
He was tremendous for them for the time they had him.
So I think people might be surprised by what Mike Riley can do.
So overall, you're very happy with Sweeney?
Yeah.
I mean, for the deadline moves, yeah.
I mean, yeah, absolutely.
I mean, Hall, obviously, he should solidify that second line
or wherever they decide to use him.
Lazar will finish help with the
bottom end, and the D will get
better. My concern with the Bruins
biz going forward is the
health of Tuukka Rask. I mean, that's
the big issue right there. Halak
obviously was trying the playoffs last year. He's
not going to get it done for you.
You know, you got two other kids, two rookies
there. I don't really want to throw it to them.
So if Rask isn't 100 in the playoffs, that's that's the biggest issue but yeah as far as what sweeney
did in the last day or so uh you know two thumbs up from me and where you were pumping your own
tires were you talking about that eight one thumping that washington put on boston yes yes
yeah that was the one you're pumping your tires about yeah no it's just so i couldn't believe the line i thought they'd be minus 200 money line
yeah i just brought up a win i never win in gambling oh i had to no we never tell you about
the losses biz and there's millions of them oh yeah oh yeah all right so yeah bees made some
moves uh they're better than they were the other day so we'll see what happens with them but
your boys is very very busy at the deadline.
Toronto going all in for the Cup,
made a series of trades to solidify that roster for the playoffs.
Friday, they picked up Riley Nash from Columbus
for a conditional seventh in 2022.
It'll go to a sixth if  I love these conditions.
It'll go to a sixth if Nash plays in 25 of the playoff games.
Then yesterday they got frisky and had a threesome with Columbus
and San Jose, which netted them forwards Nick Foligno
and Stefan Nessen.
It cost them their first and their fourth this year
and their fourth next year.
This year's fourth went to San Jose, and Columbus got the other two picks.
But San Jose is also picking up half of Foligno's money
because Toronto needed help to eat that salary.
So what a lot of teams are doing, we've seen a bunch of three-way deals
because teams can't afford the salary.
They bring in another team, and that team eats like half the salary,
and then they throw a draft pick on them.
It's, you know, hey, it's by the rules.
San Jose's done it twice.
I think San Jose's gotten two fourth-rounders
for just taking on a little money.'s actually great move by them yeah yeah absolutely
but um biz the other toronto maple leafs guy the show like what would you take i mean i like it i
mean fuck a first rounder yeah maybe a bit expensive but as far as their depth and like
the guys they have to go to and and i mean you see all the the pouring out of support on social
media you know,
even from players.
And I think torch chimed in right before we ended up hopping on about like
what he meant in him trying to, you know,
put together that culture and the type of guys who are willing to buy in and
the guys that, you know, brought their work boots every single day. And,
and that's, you know,
those are the types of guys that Toronto wants to bring in. And,
and I think they got a really good one are the types of guys that Toronto wants to bring in and and I
think they got a really good one and a type of guy where if he ends up getting stuck on the fourth
line man he's going to try to give you the best you know 10-12 minutes that he can offer in that
situation at the chance to win a cup and and I you know and I and I I really like Foligno and I think
that he can jump up and down the lineup and and i think that ultimately yeah you know first rounder but fuck they're where they're gonna finish it ain't gonna
be uh it ain't gonna be a high one and and that's the price to pay for a guy like that is that fair
wit yes that's very fair and i saw our leafs roster up front now oh dude they're a wagon
they're gonna they're gonna win it this year. The second line now, just on the board, the lines they had,
the second line of Foligno now with Tavares and Nylander,
that is like you're coming back with that after that top line
where Galchenyuk sits right now with Matthews and Marner.
Now, he's looked good, but you got Thornton on that fourth line
with Spezen and Simmons.
Then the third line, Hyman, and how good Mikheyev is.
I never know if I'm saying his name right,
but he's the guy who's like the only man to ever on tape outskate McDavid.
I don't know if everyone remembers that.
I do.
It's just, it's an awesome team.
I love the move because, like you said, he doesn't care where he plays,
but he's such a professional and such a locker room guy
that just adding that, I don't care how good Matthews and Marner are,
the more of that they have around guys who've been around the block and done this and now Foligno hasn't won
a Stanley Cup but he's been a captain for six years and played in the league a long time that's
experience that can only help these young guys who as much as easy as it comes to them it's going to
step up in the playoffs and become a little tougher so you have someone to lean on in terms
of leadership you're not having to worry about things that are out of your control because you have a guy just showing you like, let's stick with it game by game. I saw the kid, Zach Dalpe. I don't know if I'm saying his name right. He put a tweet out, basically not saying thank you, but showing like how meaningful a guy that Foligno is to him. And he sent him a text. And this is a guy who's been up and down with Cleveland and Columbus for like four years and it was a really nice long text you can check out his Twitter to
read it about how much the guys appreciate what he's going through and just to like stick with
it and basically just showing appreciation to a guy who's in and out of the lineup up and down
in the AHL and NHL it's like if that's the character you have and that's the guy you're
bringing in I think that the Leafs could only benefit from that so that's the character you have and that's the guy you're bringing in, I think that the Leafs could only benefit from that.
So that's not even hockey related, right?
I know he's not as quick as he once was,
but you've been able to see that team.
They play with pace,
but there's also guys like Spez and Thornton who slow it down and they still
have great numbers.
So I love the move.
And I think that more than anything off ice, it's huge.
Do you want me to read the text?
I have it here.
Yes.
Go right ahead. So he said really happy for you man i know how good of a pro you've been and
a lot of the spotlight doesn't get put on you but just want you to know i know it and i see it
and i respect it and so do a lot of the guys enjoy that tuck tonight it ain't easy to do it in this
league you have all of our respect and that's all that matters sleep well and see you tomorrow
brother yeah i mean dude you're getting a good night's sleep
after that from the captain.
Yeah, fuck.
It just makes you feel good.
Especially when it's from a gritty guy like that.
It's not like some touchy-feely guys.
When you get it from a macho guy, I think it even means a little bit more.
Oh, for sure.
Also cool, his father played for the Leafs and was the man.
He always jumped when he scored a goal, right?
The Faleno. Buffalo, too. Yes, yes. played for the Leafs and was the man who he always jumped when he scored a goal right the Buffalo too yes yes and you get what I'm saying though with as far as a guy who like the plan is
he's going to come in and obviously he's going to contribute you just gave up a first rounder
sometimes things in the midst of a run I mean example for Bruins fans uh Tomas Caberle I felt
like they given up enough for him when he came in and they ended up winning the cup he didn't end up contributing but he wasn't also a guy who was pouting and making it miserable on
everyone else and and if he in fact maybe he's not contributing offensively and and does hit a rut
you can put him in on that fourth line where he's not going to say bullshit he's not going to sulk
around the locker room and he's still going to be positive and try to work as hard as at that position.
I think there's major, major value in that.
Absolutely.
I couldn't agree more about this.
Our boy Dubas, hell of a deadline.
Yep.
These Leafs, Biz, we're going on a run this spring.
Definitely went all in, and that's not it.
We're not done with the Leafs yet.
They also grabbed goalie David Riddick from Calgary for a third-round pick in 2022.
Calgary is going to retain half of that salary.
He's a UFA to be after this season.
4-7-1 so far with a 2-9-0.
Calls against 9-0-4 save percentage.
Obviously, Jack Campbell's gotten a hold of that crease right now.
Hutchinson's the number two right now.
I don't know if we'll see Riddick at all, but this is obviously an insurance move
to grab something just in case people get hurt.
And then today, right before the deadline,
they picked up defenseman Ben Hutton
from Anaheim for a fifth in 2022.
So in total, Toronto gave up six picks,
including a first rounder for basically,
I guess, a middle six guy, a fourth liner,
defensive depth, and a third goaltender.
I mean, I don't know if that's too high of a price.
Fair enough insurance, but that's a lot of insurance,
but I think it's needed.
Yeah, insurance and case shit.
Hey, boys, I meant to say this a minute ago,
but the nice weather is finally here, and that means it's cocktail time.
So head over to your local liquor store to find Pink Whitney
and the new 375-milliliter Mickey-sized bottle.
Do you have a Mickey next to you there?
I do.
Show the people your Mickey.
These have been popping off in Louisiana.
Really, huh?
Yeah, I don't know.
That's what we heard.
We got the wind back.
These are going to get to Canada.
The 350s are called Mickeys in Canada, July 1st.
That's a big Canada day.
That's huge.
That is a big Canada day.
The extra smooth, tasty. We could have a bunch of fun at a lake in Muskoka on Canada Day. That's huge. That is a big Canada Day. The extra smooth, tasty.
We could have a bunch of fun at a lake in Muskoka on Canada Day, I'm sure.
Do it.
I want nothing more than that.
Probably film a sandbagger.
To rage at a Canadian cottage in the summertime.
It's like a, I don't know, a private, probably a wish of mine, a dream.
We'll go to Muskoka for you, R.A.
It's like, it's kind of like the-
He's not allowed back there.
It's like the Daytona of
Toronto, just off to the side there.
We're going to go up to Duncan Keats' place
if I can hang out.
All right, Biz, anything else you want to add?
I thought you were going to finish the Pink Whitney ad.
Oh, well, he's cut me off
twice. Extra smooth taste is
excellent for pregame and after party
in the after after after party
back in my college
college room. I
Toronto's locked and loaded.
Let's see what happens. This was
a trade happened not long after we finished
up last week. The Islanders picked
up Kyle Palmieri and Travis
Zajac from the Devils. They sent
the Devils AJ Greer
Mason jokes a couple of forwards. They're
basically really not prospects.
They're kind of more organizational depth guys.
New Jersey also got the guy on his first round of this year
in a conditional fourth in 22.
Islanders also added Braden Colbrun today and sent the seventh back to Ottawa.
Palmieri, man, I mean, he still fucking can put it in the net.
I would say Zajac's a little bit more of a depth guy,
a utility guy that Trotz can plug in wherever but pretty pretty nice move by lou here i think the
minute we posted that video of wit talking about how hairy he was lou made him like nair his whole
body and shave his face i think his wife tweeted like who is that she didn't even know who it was
what connor carrick say he goes i'm actually surprised lou let him keep his eyebrows
a couple caterpillars up there no lose like hey did you get it all he's like yeah When Connor Carrick say he goes, I'm actually surprised Lou let him keep his eyebrows.
It's a couple of caterpillars up there.
No, Lou's like, hey, did you get it all?
He's like, yeah, beard's gone.
He's like, let me see the shoulders.
He's like, no, Lou, no.
Yeah, trimming the tricep hairs.
But yeah, I mean, that's a solid pickup.
You talked about that one last podcast, Whit.
You basically said that one was in the bag.
Yeah, it seemed like that was already the case. There was a bunch of people in the know that said
that it was looking to be that way.
I love the move.
He scored already.
Nice goal in front.
That's kind of what he does.
He's really hard to move.
Great hands.
Also a sick shot.
The Islanders are becoming a problem.
I've kind of realized that I might have picked a battle
that it's like Corson versus the guy on the street.
There's three of me, some Islanders haters,
and then the Islanders are becoming the man on the street.
Yeah, I like that comparison.
Yeah, so this team's awesome.
Right now I think they're  Washington is in the one seed,
but that's going to be flip-flopping back and forth
until probably the last game.
And I think that this is a guy that really is as close as you can get to Anders Lee, right? and isn't the one seed, but that's going to be flip-flopping back and forth until probably the last game.
And I think that this is a guy that really is as close as you can get to Anders Lee, right, in the way they play and what they do.
They were able to somewhat replace him.
Now he's the captain, Lee, and so it's totally different
in terms of a new guy coming in.
But playing-wise, you're going to see the same things that you saw with him
in terms of battle, presence in front front and basically always playing the right way.
Like I think Barry trots looks at Paul Mary's like perfect, you know,
like that that's the type of guy that I can win with that.
I've enjoyed coaching.
Yeah. I mean, I was impressed with the Islanders even before these moves,
Lee was a huge loss for them. And I think this, you know,
replaces it to a pretty good degree. You know,
I've a lot of mobs been kind of slipping a little bit lately,
but that just could be a C like, you know, thing but like i said before boys wouldn't shock me at
all if that team ends up winning the cup and they just got better for the playoff run so my mind got
racing i'm thinking oh man that would be a fun playoff series toronto and the islanders because
you know the whole john taveras thing coming back into play, the snake, people throwing snakes at them. There's going to be fans back in by then, no?
At least
There's fans now, but not in Toronto.
That's been trickling into my mind,
the fact that I think Toronto is going to win the North,
and I think that the Islanders are set up.
I think they are a problem.
I think that
Big time.
Yeah, and I think that
Although Washington looked good,
and we're going to get to the trade that they made in a little bit.
What I was thinking of, sorry, I apologize.
Toronto and the Islanders had a legendary playoff series.
I want to say it was like 2002 or 2003.
I don't know if you guys remember Darcy Tucker running around.
I think Michael Peca tore Darcy Tucker's ACL,
or it might have been the other way.
I think it was the other way around.
Was it?
He submarine-ed him.
Yes, yes.
So, I mean, you just had a hatred, and I think it went seven games.
So that could be a replay of an unreal.
Who's the guy from the PA who became
Steve Webb.
Webby.
Animal.
What were they calling him?
He went viral there for a little bit.
But at home, he would just run guys over,
and they would go absolutely crazy.
There was something they were calling him.
I think Webby tackled me into the pool at the Hard Rock in Vegas one summer, too.
He's just an animal.
Yeah.
Not to be confused with Steve Wiebe.
Who's that?
Have you ever seen A Fist fistful of dollars of the king of
kong the documentary about the donkey kong high score it's oh i would watch that dude it's honestly
one of the all-time great documentaries it's legit about guys trying to break the high score
record on the arcade version of donkey kong that's one of the guys name on it steve weeby it sounds
goofy i started kendall square like 20 years ago, whenever I come out,
you were on the edge of your seat watching it. Like it was like, Oh,
it was like an old fashioned, like Western or something.
There was like a good guy, a bad guy,
the story that takes you all the way to the end.
And it's all of the fucking video games. Legit. One of my favorite docs.
I got Wyatt or Wyatt Earp is looking down and he's, if he's a real human,
he's like, this guy just compared my westerns to fucking
arcade video games wait speaking of westerns guys used to have those big sideburns and mustaches
like how crazy is it that in 2021 that people have rules that you can't have fucking facial
hair at work and you play hockey i mean hey lose i know it's crazy it's i think that's a bit nutty
it's crazy it's just from it's a bit nutty it's crazy it's
just from it's a relic from a different time it's like i mean i get he's the boss you gotta do what
lou says but come on will you i want you to trim those side who uh who was the the yankees guy
steinbrenner yeah steinbrenner yeah he went so what so are you allowed to keep are you allowed
to keep a mustache if you want no i don't think so actually so. Actually, Don Mattingly was able to keep a mustache
when he was a first baseman for the Yankees.
I don't know if they gave him a waiver
or if he had to keep a certain limit on it or whatever.
I think that's just flexing the power a little bit too much.
Yeah, I mean, it's not 1940 anymore.
You know what I mean?
Get over yourself.
No facial hair.
Mattingly had a company giving mustache rides,
so he couldn't give it up.
He's like, sorry, George, this thing ain't coming off.
I mean, I know you're not the Simpsons guy,
but you must have seen the softball team episode, right?
Yeah, well, that's what they were goofing on
was George Steinbrenner because Don Mattingly
was one of the players and Burns, the boss,
was like, Mattingly, I want you to trim those sideburns.
It was like
this ongoing thing and the whole thing and madley kept shaving his head all the way off and he kept
fucking yelling at him about it uh all-time classic simpsons but i love i love the feedback
i get after because sometimes i'll say it it goes over you guys head and then i'll get like 20
fucking tweets give me the yeah there's a lot that goes over it oh yeah over mine anyway hey
biz i learned early on in the show like when it was just last three before you got here,
I'm like, they ain't laughing,
but I got to commit to the bit for the people listening in the car.
That's right.
That's right.
Whatever.
All right.
Whatever makes you feel confident, all right, right?
Yeah.
You just got to go with it, dude.
Yeah, absolutely.
This stage, who cares?
All right.
Your old squad, the Pittsburgh Penguins,
they traded for Jeff Carter
they send a conditional third in 2022 and a conditional fourth and 23 back to the Kings
the Kings are going to eat half of the salary Carter is signed through 2022 at 5.2 mil so the
Pens got him next year as well 36 year old has eight goals 11 assists in 40 games this year
you know what biz this move to me has like 12 playoff goals written all over
it. I mean, I know he's older, he's, you know,
lost the step like any 36 year old would,
but the guy can still put the puck on the net.
Yeah. I mean, why not? I mean, I, they're, they're a bit of an older group,
but I think there's still gas gas left in the tank for Carter.
I would say his numbers don't like jump out at you in the last couple of years,
but you know, mind you, that team was on a bit of a downward spiral, although they're looking okay
right now, but yeah, I think it's, I think it's a solid move if you're, you're a type of team who
thinks, you know, you could still make a run. And as far as the team right now, they're still playing
some really good hockey without Malcolm in the lineup. So, you know, we've seen them be able to sustain
whenever they got one of the superstars out.
Gensel's been lighting the lamp.
I think he had a Hattrick last game.
He's got 20 on the season now, too.
So he's a bona fide superstar on his own.
So, yeah, I don't mind the move at all.
Yeah, I like it.
And I don't think anyone saw when Berkey and Ron Hextall came in
this kind of turnaround i mean they were
looking it was it was a tough start to the year we were talking a little well visit already traded
crosby actually to the abs so well he came well he canceled the trade when when berkey came in
and hextall and they've just taken off and in typical fashion either malcolm or crosby they've
both done it when the other guy goes out they they step up their game, pull up the numbers.
Both their career numbers with the other guy out are better than, I think, when they play with each other.
So I think that Sid's stepping up, Gensel playing the way he has, them getting solid goaltending.
And also, Hextall looks at it.
He was the assistant GM in LA when they won the cup with Carter.
He knows the guy.
He probably realizes he does still have game.
He's still talking to people there.
And yeah, it's been a couple of weird years for the Kings.
So yeah, you're a little bit older, but how rejuvenated do you get when you get all of
a sudden you're playing with Sid, you're in the playoff hunt.
LA did a good job of kind of staying in it, but you can tell now they're not going to
get in, but they were better than people thought this year, but you're right in one now and
you got a chance to compete for the cup.
And I think Berkey had a quote, like somebody asked him if,
if Carter getting the chance to play with Crosby is like why he came.
He's like, well, we're not, we're not begging anyone to come here.
I'm pretty sure getting to play with Crosby,
any guy would love the chance to do that.
So I think that, I think that he takes off and I love your call.
All right.
He's a guy who could get 10 goals and you're like, yup.
Saw that coming.
This next trade boys.
This is well, pretty close to the deadline.
We were actually doing an interview when it came over,
and we were all kind of like, wow, this is probably the
I would say probably the most surprising deal of this deadline.
Washington, they obtained Anthony Mantha from Detroit,
and they sent Detroit forwards Richard Panik and Jacob Verana,
Washington's first this summer, and their second in 22.
Like I said, this was totally an eyebrow raiser,
mostly because Mantha just signed a four-year 22.8 million deal
with Detroit right in November, 5.7 million per year.
He had 21 points in 42 games so far.
Jacob Verana is going to be a restricted free agent.
Panik has two more years
left at 2.75 mil i don't know is this a stevie pump and dump biz or what give him give a guy a
deal and then trade him a few months later i think 99.9 of people think detroit won this trade and
it's like not even close right i mean that's and from from afar i'm saying okay maybe in a situation
where washington's you know trying to make a deep run they think that matha could maybe provide more from afar I'm saying, okay, maybe in a, in a situation where Washington's,
you know, trying to make a deep run,
they think that Manta could maybe provide more on the depth side of things.
Maybe he can help out in certain areas that Vrana with his high level of
skill, we just maybe don't have room for him in that area.
And it's not as needed, but fuck dude.
I think most people have Vrana as a better player overall than mantha which would
and on top of that like he's a restricted free agent so you might in fact get him for cheaper
and on top of that you're giving up a first and a second to get rid of him the panic situation i
would consider i mean i think he's got two more years left at a decently high rate for maybe what he brings to the lineup.
So getting him off the books is a positive.
But to send a first and a second back,
at worst I would consider it an even swap for players
and you still even, I mean, in this whole pandemic situation
and him being restricted,
you're probably going to be able to get Vrana at a pretty good price.
And I think he has more upside than Manta does, personally.
Now, could his numbers be inflated because he's been playing
with a team like Washington, and they just snap it around?
I think anybody with a good skill set who's put into that lineup
is going to have success.
Maybe. Maybe,
maybe he is a product of his environment,
but I don't know with all the other stuff added,
it's a bit of a head scratcher wit.
And I,
I can't really see it any other way.
I saw it right away and thought the same thing where I'm like,
wow,
I think Detroit looks,
it's like,
so Stevie Eisenman,
Jesus,
what a move,
right?
You hold them at gunpoint. Yeah. It's like, but then if youman. Jesus, what a move, right? Did he hold him at gunpoint?
Yeah, it's like, but then if you look into it
and you're just trying to see the other side,
I think right now, Mantha is an upgrade on Verona.
And I think one of the biggest things in terms of that deal is
that division, man, is a grind.
And they're big teams.
And you look at the Islanders and how Boston plays.
It's like, Mantha can change your team physically
in a way that Verona can't.
And yeah, he's super skilled,
but it's not like you're lacking that with the Capitals.
You have plenty of that
where you're willing to give up some of it
for a guy who is also super skilled,
but at times looks like he's just not really engaged.
So when you look at Mantha
and when he looks like he's all in
and playing physical and scoring,
he is like this
guy's another level right and that's why you see the contract and you see what he's able to able to
do but then there's nights you're like where is it i don't know so if he goes to washington and
all of a sudden a team with with such different outlook on what's going on right i mean these
teams are competing for stanley cup and he's, he's leaving a place to every single night.
You're the underdog and it's a grind.
So we'll see how he responds and time will tell with any trade.
But then you look at Detroit and what they got and Verona is so skilled.
And like, I think Detroit's basically said it's, it's more eats.
Is it Cedar? I don't know if I'm saying it right.
Sixth overall pick in 2019,
Lucas Raymond is a top pick that they had last year and Dylan Larkin anyone else give us a ring and when it was like clear that Eisenman was probably I'm not going to say not happy with him but willing to part with him I don't think you'd
imagine they'd get this in return and and you could say that the the first round pick is going
to be real late and the second round pick is going to be real late. But still, it's just for a team that's looking to rebuild to get Rana, who's young and those draft picks just to add to what's already a pretty sick prospect pool.
Detroit looks awesome. I mean, now you're looking at Detroit.
You think of who they have and like the guy who's running the ship there and Eisenman.
It's like I think two, three years all of a sudden, who knows where they're at?
They could be going right back into a little dynasty mode.
So Verona, I know, is super skilled.
And I think Washington, they hate losing them,
but they look at what they're getting.
And if Manta's at the top of his game, I'd rather him over Verona.
I don't know, man.
Reeks of a panic move to me.
Okay.
I got it.
Buzz's afro right off.
That wasn't the only move Washington made.
Shut the fuck.
I know.
Richard Panic played for the fucking Coyotes.
I get the joke.
You guys think, hey, listen, I get it.
You had a look to your face that you didn't.
I don't think you're stupid.
Okay.
Definitely.
Oh, waka waka.
I was actually proud of myself. I was fucking gloating at the fact that I got it. Let's see. face that you didn't know i don't think you're stupid okay definitely oh waka waka um i was
actually proud of myself i was fucking gloating at the fact that i got it let's see if i'm being
quite frank was there a split second where it needed to ingest yes i didn't get it right off
the language barrier that's the language that's there thank you wet thank you very much um yeah
we can move on yeah uh washington also grabbed forward Michael Raffle from Philadelphia
for a fifth round or two.
Solidify that depth a little before the playoffs get here.
Let's see.
Moving right along.
This is another name that people were expected to get moved, and it did.
Tampa Bay picked up defenseman David Savad in another three-way.
Holy shit.
This is like freshman year of college with all these fucking three-ways.
Oh, yeah.
Wrap it up. Get the Roman sw swipes out there's a lot of action
uh i didn't need them all right were you having a lot of three ways your freshman year
uh not me no but you know people you know well i mean i know a guy who did if you change the
number maybe i don't know he videoed a few uh all right you had a bar in your addict oh i
thought i thought we're gonna say that you posted the picture and you're talking about college i
mean i'm sure you saw some action up in your own let's have it now yeah now it was funny i was
going through some old pictures a few months ago and i found that one and it was just in my my
photos i was deleting stuff the other day i was like oh fuck it i'll tweet it out just you know
not everybody had a cool bar in their fucking bedroom at college and then dave retweeted it because i had a flyers
hat on dave's like is that a flyers hat i'm like yeah it was like the bruins and flyers there was
no rivalry then it was a cool hat and we're like bieber before bieber just wearing all the team's
hats and shit like that's what i didn't get like do people not wear hats of other teams like it
wasn't like i'd like i will say this. I would never have worn another team's hat.
Like I wasn't the biggest Bruins fan, but the Red Sox,
I would never wear like a Yankees lid.
No, I wouldn't wear a rival, but like, again, this was mid nineties.
Like you're just saying that they didn't,
they didn't really have a rivalry at all.
No, yeah, exactly.
The rivalry was dormant.
I mean, they had a rivalry.
Yeah.
You know what? I would, I would at a certain time.
But my point is, people like, oh, you're like, they either think you're fucking dissing the Bruins or that you're a fan.
Flyers fans were like, wanted to fucking fly me down to Philly for the week.
I was like, guys, I don't like your fucking team. I just like the fucking hat.
But everyone zoned in on that, including Portnoy. So he retweeted me, Biz.
So then I got fucking, it kind of went through the roof.
But yeah, I had the whole attic. well not yet the third floor was my bedroom it had a bar
you know you could fit two queen beds a couch the second floor was the living room bathroom
kitchen couple other bedrooms and the first floor was the bar like it was the the bar was
legit like we had to take outside stairs to get to it because we lived above it and like i mean
if you want i went to north adams i've said before i'm not even like objectively speaking it was the
best bedroom like off campus like i mean would you charge for beers would you guys just have an
honor system or something no it was always they were small like private private affairs like you
know not that invite it was like everyone let's go upstairs so no we wouldn't charge anybody we
just have you know 10 12 people and if we ran out of beer the bar was downstairs we just open it
back up go down grab a couple cases and i i just picture like uh blackjack tables in there with
a running in like a little underground casino oh yeah what's crazy though uh business i actually
got a couple replies from people who lived in that apartment after me and they followed me on Twitter.
They're like, hey, I lived in that fucking
place. I'm like, what? Yeah, like, oh, 2001
or whatever. And it's like
it's hilarious that people reply and
actually lived in the same bedroom I did.
And the snake cage, too. I pointed
that out. You had a snake?
Yeah. Oh, that's fucked
up. I told you.
Yeah, no, it was a buddy of mine who graduated
i had a pet elephant before i had a pet snake he he left me as i it was a boa constrictor
and boas are usually pretty docile they're you know they're for snake for pets they're pretty
cool but this thing was was temperamental and he would fucking like bite at the cage and shit
and he's like hey you want to keep him i'm like yeah i'll keep him so i was going home to some
of my father's like don't you think you're bringing that fucking thing in this house my
cousin had a boa so i brought it his for the summer so one one i was like july or whatever
was hanging out and we put them in the cage together but when you feed them you have to
separate them you know because they're you know they're basically fucking dinosaurs with fucking
pea-sized brains so i separated them fed my snake a couple rats or whatever waited a while
and i went in to get the motherfucker and put him in his cage thing bit me right on my finger i was
like oh and i flung off my hand i was fucking shit my pants not poisonous i know it wasn't but
like you get so scared your heart rate goes crazy so i had to get like a damp towel and like throw
it over him grab him by the head and put him back in the cage and went to like a pet store i'm like
oh you want my cage, my snake?
My mom won't let me have him anymore.
I'm like, sure.
I was like, get this demon fucking away from me.
You're from Florida.
I'm convinced.
One of those pelicans dropped him off at a doorstep in mass,
but you're definitely from  is it a pelican?
A fly.
A fly.
A fly.
They got the big bottom lip i see you guys the
pictures a few weeks ago me with all the snakes i was a kid at bush gardens remember biz you
sent all the disney pics you were dressed like a break dancer from 1982
and i was holding the fucking snake back i have the worst
tracksuit on i look like vanilla ice.
That thing.
I want to put that picture on my wall.
Where were we?
Who's getting it?
Seriously.
What other sixth rounder got traded for a guy?
I don't know.
I don't even remember who we left off.
I think it was David Savard, Tampa Bay.
Oh, yeah, that's a big one.
That's my three-way joke that fucking started this mess.
Oh, yeah, holy shit.
Yeah, Tampa got in a three-way joke that fucking started this mess. Oh, yeah, holy shit.
Yeah, Tampa getting a three-way with Detroit and Columbus.
David Savard, he's a pending UFA.
He's got a goal and five assists in 40 games.
Obviously, he's known for his defensive aspects of his game.
Great player.
Columbus gets a first-round pick in 21 and a third in 22.
And Detroit's going to eat half of Savard's salary for that fourth round pick in 21,
like we were just discussing.
Let's go for your thoughts, Whitney.
I think that this is a good move by a team
who's looking to repeat right now.
You can't say anyone's going to be able to beat them
because of how good they are.
And getting Kucherov is their deadline deal.
I mean, they didn't need to do much.
They're going to get him back fully healthy.
But Savard, a lot like Bogosian lastian last year he's coming in and he's not asked to do anything offensively play 18 solid
minutes PK he's tough to play against he's played for the Canadian national team and this guy's a
really good player I don't think you're going to get much power play wise or anything but you don't
need that and it was a move that that made a lot of sense to me I think it's interesting like you
bring up the three ways and how it's done and it's pretty original but tampa didn't really look at their team and and
say all right we we are fine where we're at they're obviously looking to improve as any as any
cup contender is but having done it last year i think they're well aware of like what worked the
formula that worked but goshen played a big role i think savard can do the same thing if not a little
better and it's a great move for the favorites they are the favorites if you look online barstool sportsbook
i don't even need to say a word great job with great right is that a pretty valuable
oh i think you fucking nailed it i'd be embarrassed speaking on it after they only
made themselves better which is i think he's a heck of a player. I think he's a solid number four on a cup contending team.
Yeah, I like this game.
I always like this game.
All right, moving right along.
Florida Panthers.
They picked up defenseman Brandon Montour from Buffalo for a third and 21.
He's got 14 points in 38 games this year.
He's a pending UFA as well.
Florida also picked up Sam Bennett from Calgary,
and they sent the Flames a second rounder in 22 and a prospect.
He's also a pending UFA with 12 points in 38 games.
Biz, let's get your take on this.
Who do I start with here?
Let's go with, who did they pick up on the back end again?
Montour?
Yeah.
I just  yeah, I think he's a great player.
I played against him in the American League when he was with the San Diego Gulls,
Anaheim's farm team.
Another guy that they, I felt, gave up on quite early.
I mean, he goes to Buffalo and, I mean, we've said it over and over.
Can you judge a guy who was playing in Buffalo? It's so hard to assess that. I mean, he goes to Buffalo and I mean, it's, we've, we've said it over and over. You can,
can you judge a guy who was playing in Buffalo?
It's so hard to assess that. So I think it's a solid move.
He's a good puck moving defenseman. I think his only criticism is maybe not the best defensively, but that that'll come with age. He'll, he'll learn.
He's still a young, he's still a young stud. And the fact that, you know,
they don't,
they don't necessarily need to make a massive decision on him as far as he's a restricted free agent
yeah i i like him i think that with ekblad gone right i mean you need you need as much help as
you can get he's going to play a lot and i just yeah i refuse to judge people on buffalo i'm
watching every buffalo player from this season with it it's like a new glasses, new lenses.
I don't care what happened.
So I'm going to wait and see.
So I think he'll play a shitload.
And then if you look and you think of Sam Bennett,
he,
he was actually known in Calgary as like,
there's regular season,
Sam Bennett and playoff Sam Bennett.
So his game rises,
he's able to totally change the way he played,
not change the way he plays,
but the way he plays is just so much more
playoff-style hockey that he makes a bigger difference.
But overall, when he's picked,
I think he was picked right behind Dreitzadl,
fourth overall.
So he definitely hasn't lived up to, like,
what they saw as he was a junior
and what they thought he could accomplish.
But Florida's going to get in the playoffs
and they're going to need players like this.
So I like the move a lot.
You heard his name a lot,
and I think he actually had been playing his best hockey from everything I read
since Sutter came in.
So I think that a coach like that probably appreciates his style game a little
more than other coaches who are maybe looking all skill.
But I think that a guy like that can only help Florida.
They need as much help as they can get up front because it's like they rely so
much on Barkov and Huberto at times that Verhege is good. but Bennett will get to play a little bit more than I think he did in Calgary
maybe a higher line first or second and we'll see what happens all right another contender loading
up the Vegas Golden Knights they picked up forward Matias Yenmach from the Blackhawks
and yet another I like this guy uh Chicago gets a second rounder in 21 in a third and 22
uh and again San Jose with another three-way they bought themselves a second rounder in 21 in a third and 22 uh and again san jose with another
three-way they bought themselves a fifth rounder in 22 for taking on uh half of the n max money
wait you said you like him why he's just like exactly kind of what they need i mean they have
plenty of skill but by the way if they once i heard getzlaff had give the okay to go to the
golden knights i was like, what,
how are they going to pull this one off?
They got 30 grand in cap space.
So it turns out that didn't happen,
but I guess gets that was willing.
So who knows?
But I think that Vegas,
they made their move this summer with Petrangelo,
right?
Their offense is so sick.
What,
what are they?
I was,
no,
I was looking up gets laughs cap hit and eight hit, and he may have eaten a quarter mil,
but it's mostly paid.
Yeah, so it was just going to be too hard.
Who knows how they would have done it.
But I think that getting Petro this summer,
they had the core and what they think can win a Stanley Cup.
Now it's the little pieces.
Now it's the Rich Peverly addition that the Bruins had when they won,
kind of like Janmark.
And he can play up and down the lineup.
I think for them he's going to play lower, but he's going to be able to PK.
And I saw Chief, like, he liked what Chicago did,
but he also said that's a player that Vegas fans will love.
So that guy knows the Hawks as well as anyone.
And I love Vegas going after the depth.
They know they have the skill.
It's now about those final pieces to try to win a cup
okay so they added this uh is it stevenson is it chandler stevenson who's playing first line
center with them right now overall so they just played the coyotes like they limited them i think
like you know coyotes struggle sometimes to get shots i think the coyotes at 13 or 14 shots
they are so solid defensively i would say front to back they
have one of the most reliable decors in the league they're they're i would say they're
what would you say martinez and maybe white cloud are there five and six and and and they are very
very solid defenders and yeah the probably the one one maybe inkling of an issue that they needed to figure out was
was depth up front but even looking at that fourth line man that carrier guy can fucking play
that raw guy's a great fourth line center and and revo as big as as big of a mutant as he is he can
get around up out there he looked incredible that colasar colasar is playing third line for them
right now okay yeah, is he?
Okay.
Yeah, so he got bumped up.
He had a great play the other night for a goal.
So they are humming.
And if you're telling me that this guy's as advertised to add into that lineup,
yeah, he's probably.
He's just energy and hard to play against.
Yeah.
It's kind of like another Riley Smith,
who is another guy who's a fucking pain in the ass to play against,
who's just another depth guy for them.
So, yeah, that's a big move for Vegas.
And overall, I think it's them or Colorado coming out of the West.
Yeah, it feels like that's inevitable, Vegas and Colorado in a playoff series.
Can't wait for that.
I would love to see seven games at that pace.
Holy shit.
Absolutely.
Well, might as well mention Colorado while we're talking about them.
They picked up goalie Devin Dubnik from San Jose for defenseman Greg Patteron in a fifth rounder in 2021.
Both guys are UFAs. Colorado also sent a fourth rounder in 22 to Detroit for defenseman Patrick Nemeth.
He's got eight points in 39 games. Detroit is retaining half of his salary.
And they brought back Kyle Soderbergh and sent Chicago a pair of prospects.
So, you know, loading up, getting what you can
to get ready for the stretch run.
Kind of interesting that they pick up two guys
that have already been there
because Nemeth played there before as well, right?
Yes.
Yeah, and then Soderbergh, of course, too.
It kind of reminds me of who did that
when they brought familiar guys back.
Drawn a blank.
Did they win the cup?
Yeah, it's happened two times over the years.
I just can't recall one.
St. Louis, when they brought Perron back.
They're familiar with him.
They know what he can provide, and they bring him back.
They brought him back like six times.
I know.
Correct, yeah.
Well, they seem to do it with two guys,
and I think those are just moves to kind of like, once again,
bolster that roster.
And picking up Dubnyk, too,
just kind of adding more insurance in the net is kind of like...
I thought that was an underrated move.
I could picture Dubnyk starting games in the playoffs for them.
Because I actually am curious, really diehard Avs fans,
how you feel about Grubauer.
And I think he's been awesome there.
But something about him just doesn't scream.
Like I'm completely confident getting into the playoffs.
I don't know if that's complete ignorance on my part,
but Dubnik is like,
all right,
well,
he goes in and now you have like a real other,
a true like backup in a sense where if he's playing,
you're,
you're like very comfortable.
You know what I mean?
It's not like,
Oh my God,
we got to have Grubauer stay healthy. healthy it's like if something were to happen we have a guy who's done it and done it
real well the past freaking eight years whatever it's been i consider it a very similar move to
what toronto did they added some depth in net they added a depth on the back end and they added some
depth up front you could argue that felino's better than soderberg at this point but a couple
years back when i watched soderberg play with the Coyotes,
I think he had 19 tucks that year.
Like he's a fucking solid third line forward.
I just realized too, Grubauer, he's unrestricted after this year too.
They don't have any goalie signed past this year, Colorado.
But yeah, either way, I mean, and also too, Grubauer, of course,
they lost the last year due to injury and they had to go to the third,
third string goal and they weren't prepped for it.
So, you know, if Grubauer gets felled again,
I think they're going to go to Dubnik before this Jonas Johansen.
They got from Buffalo who has actually been pretty good in the first couple
of games. They had to get a shout out and stuff. So, all right, let's see.
We've got a couple more before we get to our first interview.
Edmonton picked up defenseman dimitri
kulikov from new jersey for a conditional fourth in uh 2022 it becomes a third if edmonton wins
one playoff round uh let's see nashville picked up defenseman eric branson from ottawa for a seventh
in 2023 he's going to be a ufa as well uh this is his fifth team in three seasons uh let's see
winnipeg jets picked up jody ben from
vancouver for a sixth rounder they needed to do something too they were looking people were
looking for them to get a couple d men they got the goalie and they got the forwards to do it
but the defense has been a question so ben is a veteran you bring him in and he'll be able to play
but i actually thought that they would try to do a little bit more. Same. And I think Nashville too, like they brought in good Branson.
I think that like once they started playing well and are sitting in the
playoffs now, that was the complete end of Ekholm going anywhere.
He's also signed next year.
So I don't know.
I, I, I just, my brain is not working right now.
No, no, no.
The Winnipeg call is the same way I was feeling where I'm like, ah,
you got to compliment that forward group.
But if there's nothing to be done and the market's too high, I mean,
I like Jordy Ben.
I think he definitely adds some depth to that back end,
but nowhere near where I think they need to be in order to get to that next
level.
Like they're outmatched against Toronto right now.
And if you think that your forward group can could out compete theirs okay and and of course solidifying their goaltending
sure I think uh Wheeler has a conky now too doesn't he yeah yeah I'm gonna get that a little
yeah yeah he did skate Monday all right I mean that's a positive sign but yeah yeah
that's good yeah and did you see the collision he had with Brady I mean, that's a positive sign, but yeah. Yeah, if he's skating, that's good. Yeah. Did you see the collision he had with Brady?
I mean, he got hit with his elbow, but.
Yeah, it was inadvertent.
Yeah.
You know, there was high speed, both going for the puck.
And, you know, Brady plays hard, but he's not a dirty kid.
I don't think he meant it by any stretch.
So either way, we hope Blake gets better.
We want him out there.
Let's see.
Chicago Blackhawks.
They picked up a local kid, Adam Gaudette,
and they sent Vancouver center Matthew Highmore one for one.
Yeah, Gaudette, he was so good at Northeastern,
and I don't think he's a checker.
I think he has to play on a top two line, and he never got the chance.
He was always playing on a bottom line in Vancouver, for what I saw.
So if he's a guy that goes to Chicago and just starts playing way up in the lineup,
I don't know. What I saw in college, I thought
he could be sick in the show.
I agree with Witt. Like, Chicago's
the type of team where it seems like guys come in,
they just go, let's see if you can do it.
Let them fly. Whereas, you know,
Travis Green, you know, more likes the
guys in their role spots and, you know, maybe
to play a little bit harder, wherein some guys
it's just not in their nature. I like, I like when guys go to Chicago now,
because I think you're going to get to see them try to flourish in their
offensive positions. Whereas like, but, but also like, it might be like, okay.
Yeah. He was a dud. Yeah. I don't know. The book is still out.
All right. Let's go up to the province of Quebec.
The Montreal Canadians picked up a pair of defensemen.
They got defenseman John Merrill from Detroit for fifth in 2021,
and they picked up Eric Gustafson from Philadelphia for a 7-22.
Obviously, both of those guys are UFA.
Montreal just, you know, showing up like all these teams are doing.
Carolina Hurricanes, they sent defenseman Hayden Flurry to Anaheim
for the defenseman Yanni Hakenpa, sixth rounder in 22.
And basically, that's it for all the major trades.
Well, Merrill, I was going to ask you about Merrill to Montreal.
I heard a couple people pop up on Twitter like,
oh, this is like the undercover, one of the best moves of the deadline.
Is that just Hyper Bowl bullshit or what? That's when you look at, I think some of the best moves of the of the deadline is that just hyperbole
bullshit or what that's when you look at like i think some of the stuff comes from advanced numbers
and stats that i do not really like no not not really no i don't know so there's certain players
who are so valuable when you look at advanced stats and that regular fans or certain numbers
or certain gms look at is is not as good as these numbers say, right?
Maybe he's one of those guys. I'm not sure. I know he's solid,
but when I saw some of the things you're talking about, I was like,
I didn't know he's this good. Maybe, maybe I'm off on his game,
but I know what you're saying.
It seemed like that was like a lot of people thought that was the,
not the unspoken, but a deal that wasn't talked about enough.
Well, I mean, yeah.
And also talking
about the number stuff and analytics like that's why people went crazy crazy over the mantha and
rana thing where i'm like well i get that it seems like an overpayment and not a great deal at this
time but it's like you're also comparing a guy who's playing in detroit to a guy who's playing
in washington so you have to take those with such a bigger grain of salt and ultimately that comes
down to like what the full on argument is.
Yeah.
In Montreal's case,
like they got to get price Gallagher and Sherratt back.
You know,
I,
I,
I've said it long time,
as long as this season's gone on,
I don't see them competing for a Stanley cup,
but you never know if price can get hot.
We'll see,
but I don't see them getting out of the first round.
All right. Dude, you never know if price can get hot we'll see but i don't see them getting out of the first round all right dude the last two days twitter should have a warning sign for the hot takes like you sometimes you get aggravated like the dipshit stuff people reply but the last couple days it's
been comical like obviously the bruins have been making deals i've been tweeting stuff but just
bruins fans i mean i'm one of them but like some of the shit I've been hearing. What's an example?
The Tuka Rask stuff.
They should trade Rask.
I was like, okay, he's hurt right now.
He's an unrestricted free agent.
Who's going to trade him?
Are you sleeping?
No, that just blows my fucking mind that Bruins fans would ever want to trade Tuka Rask.
Oh, they should trade Halak.
It's like, okay, he's got COVID COVID and he's unrestricted like who and
like people it's like do you follow hockey like
who are you gonna trade where you gonna move like read my
replies from Sunday man like I used
to get aggravated I was fucking howling
because the outrageous shit that
it's like do people like not know what the fucking
CBA like haul to Toronto
oh any any like crazy
to the abs cross me to the abs that, any crazy thing you can imagine.
Crosby to the Abs?
That one gets you boiling?
Crosby from Alcon, one for one.
I'm going down with the ship with Dreger.
We're going fucking Crosby to the Abs, at least in the next three years.
I don't think you were so off on Hall to the Maple Leafs.
I mean, there were a lot of reports about him going,
and they ate half the salary, so it's not like the salary was a thank you thank you that's why you pay very much tire pump
better boy i'll venmo you 30 bucks post episode it's 50 a compliment i thought 50 okay cool
we've raised it before we're gonna get the deal we in a second but this is uh greg russinski
puck daddy had tweeted this he said buffalo traded stall hall and montauk for a second. But this is Greg Wyshynski, Puck Daddy, had tweeted this. He said, Buffalo traded Stahl, Hall, and Montour for a second,
two-thirds, a fifth in Bjork.
Columbus traded Savard and Foligno for two-firsts, a third, and a fourth.
It's kind of like a tale of two cities, man.
Yeah, their dog and the GM work in Buffalo.
Yeah, I mean, Yamos, you know, he does a great job.
And I mentioned this on the show and on my blog, like, you know, Kevin Adams, no disrespect.
He's a first time NHL GM.
That team is a fucking mess.
They need fixing.
And it's like, should you have someone who's a little more seasoned in there?
And, you know, you see the deal, a couple of deals have been made.
I don't know, man.
If I'm running a team, I would want a guy who's been running the team before.
It's funny you mentioned that.
He actually called me.
I run a consulting business and I was actually the one who's been running the team before. It's funny you mentioned that. He actually called me. I run a consulting business,
and I was actually the one who encouraged him to make those moves.
Well, I don't know if you saw my tweet, Biz.
Hey, regardless, though, wouldn't it be hard to be a GM?
You would be overthinking every move.
Like, what am I not seeing?
What am I not seeing here?
No, how about thinking of like, oh, we'll call a third team.
I actually asked a buddy who works in the league.
I was like, do you actually do that?
Do people have to do that on their own?
You have to think like, oh, San Jose, I'll call them to be the guy in between.
It's like, I wouldn't last one fucking minute as a GM.
I don't know.
Who else is thinking of that stuff?
They're smart as shit, these guys.
We should just be i could imagine
getting a phone call it's like we should be the owners it's like hey do you want to eat half a
million salary mind you i'm not the owner i'm not paying for it and we're gonna give you a fourth
rounder i'm like fuck yeah fuck fuck yeah and imagine not even like then you hang up you're like
am i getting fleeced here yeah what, what else is in the pipeline?
I would just be like, I'm losing this trade, right?
Like, imagine you just think of like Ray, I mean, not Ray Showery.
You see a Bob Murray and Ryan Whitney coming in and Kunitz leaving.
It's like, am I that?
Is this happening?
Lou Lamorello comes up on caller ID.
It's like, I don't want to answer that.
He's going to fucking swindle me right now.
Yeah, exactly.
It's got to be intimidating, especially young GM.
I mean, Don Sweeney, when he started in Boston, he got fucking taken a couple of times. fucking swindle me right now yeah exactly it's got to be intimidating especially young gm oh
you know i mean don sweeney when he you know started in boston he could fucking take in a
couple times you gotta you know they should do it they should do documentaries on the days that
that led up to some of the worst trades like what was that gm doing like did they you know
rub and tug in the morning smoke a cigar play nine in the afternoon and just completely crippled
at dinner and you just get a text
or a call if you want to trade some guy
and he's like, yeah, sure. We're actually just
chirping that guy at the table. Fuck him.
We'll even give you a first to take him too.
He was minus three last night.
Hits the ball.
I said that it took 28 years though, but Kevin Adams
finally paid off for the Bruins because they
drafted him in 93.
He was their first round pick, and they never ended up agreeing to a deal.
And for 28 years, Kevin Adams hadn't hooked the bees up until he fucking gave him tail off for a fucking second round.
So it's all done?
The tree's over?
Is that a trade tree?
Oh, no, no.
It wasn't a trade tree.
Oh, did you see the trade tree I tweeted today?
That's kind of what I was referring to.
I thought it all kind of coincided.
No, no, but that's, I'm glad you said that.
No, I was just saying, you know, Kevin Adams fucking drafted by the Bruins
and he gave this trade.
It was kind of a full circle thing.
No, that fucking trade tree, holy shit.
It goes back to the 1967 expansion, expansion draft,
and they could trace it all the way to the fucking Jeff Carter trade that
was made today.
All connective tissue from 1967.
What do you mean?
Like future picks?
I'll just say like,
there's the,
the,
the first trade or first,
whatever it was,
a draft or whatever.
And 67 with the Kings,
it there's like one goes to one.
It's like a vine,
like swinging on a vine to a vine,
like a monkey.
I'm trying to understand it.
No,
there isn't a monkey in space that could even remotely come close to
understanding this right now.
You know what connective tissue is like things that connect.
Like,
so in other words,
there was a move,
there was a move made in 1967 in which there was a player that went up a year later
and then a year later that you could trace all the way back
from the Jeff Carter trade to Pittsburgh.
If you go back all the way, you will go back to 1967.
Like in other words, it connects.
You can like the Cam Neely trade in 86.
There are still two or three players in the Bruins organization today
from a trade, what, 35 years ago. That type of deal.
But I've never seen one that's gone
54 years where one move
is translated to this many
moves later. I'll send you the tweet.
We'll tweet it from
the account. It's just pretty wild
that 50 fucking four years later.
God, yeah.
God, yeah. Time for an interview, boys.
But first, D.H.M. Time for an interview, boys. But first, Piz.
DHM detox by No Days Wasted.
Have you tried it yet?
If not, you're truly missing out.
It's the vitamin for when you drink.
What the hell does that mean?
Well, if you hate waking up feeling like garbage the next day after boozing,
like me last Thursday,
or if you just want a couple drinks at the end of a long day,
well, this is for you.
You guys might be planning some bachelor parties,
some good old-day drinks, but you want to be prepared.
DHM Detox is here to help you with liver support,
help break down toxins, and get you feeling fresh the next morning.
Biz, you get a doctorate in these things.
Tell the people about it.
The hydration replenisher, that's a big one.
Awesome.
The DHM Detox Pills.
I take them all the time when I'm boozing,
which is going to be later today.
On your days off, take these so you don't waste the next day.
No days wasted.
Thank you very much.
Biz20 promo code.
Keep the fucking change.
Couldn't use about seven of those the other night.
Through COVID, we've come to realize that the time for our most valuable asset.
So why waste another day?
Excuse me. For just a few dollars per night.
You can be prepared for all of life's moments.
The team at no days wasted is here to help you be your best and get back to
doing what you love after night of sipping on the Brady juice.
You take two capsules after your first few drinks and it goes to work.
Double up another packet.
If you're going to be whacking them down,
good DHM detox is part of a drinking routine as well as tens of thousands of other people the packets are easy to share
with friends and family they got recovery bundles with dhm detox and hydration replenisher it's an
electrolyte drink mix that helps you hydrate and help boost your immune system with vitamin c d
and zinc check out the bundles for the ultimate recovery experience and never miss a beat.
So you can hit the early morning meeting, workout,
or just feel human the next day after a few drinks.
DHM Detox is a 100 risk-free purchase on your first box.
So if you don't love it, they refund you.
The epitome of a no-brainer.
At the very least, give it a shot.
And if you don't like it, you get your money back.
How do you say no to that?
You don't.
We're going to hit you guys with a promo code.
Just head over to nodayswasted.co and use the promo code biz20 for 20 off.
That's nodayswasted.co after drinking with biz20.
Check it out.
Get that stuff.
Like I said, I wish I had some of those the other night.
Gee, had a little too many tequilas the other night crept up on me but all good all right it's time
for our first interview and it was a good one we got dale weiss coming up uh he had a nice career
played for philadelphia flyers montreal canadians vancouver connects comes on and tell us all about
his adventures in the nhl it's good stuff Hopefully you'll enjoy it. So without further ado, enjoy Dale Weiss.
I'd like to welcome our next
guest to the show. A fourth round
pick of the New York Rangers in the 2008
draft. This right wing has played
558 regular season and
playoff games. He's played 10
NHL seasons for five different franchises
and he also toured up in the Netherlands
for a little bit during the lockout a few years back.
Thanks for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast. Dale Weiss, how's it going my
man? Hey, real good boys. I'm happy to be here. I'm excited. Glad to have you. Where are you these
days? I'm in my lake house. I'm about an hour outside of Winnipeg. When COVID hit, I went into
the plane in the summer, actually stole my house in the city in Winnipeg and the family's been
living at the lake. So it's been unreal, man.
I'm enjoying it.
I like your boots behind you there.
You got the dominatrix boots going.
You busy in the off-season?
Hey, you know, you got to do what you got to do, boys.
I got a nice collection back there, you know?
Oh, fuck.
Born and raised in Winnipeg?
Yeah, born and raised.
Born and raised in Winnipeg.
So there's no shot you're ever leaving.
You're there for life now.
Yeah, I think so.
I think so, man.
This is actually the first time I've been home for a winter in 17 years.
So it's actually been a mild winter in Winnipeg.
It's been our best one in like 100 years, and I still can't stand it.
So I'm a little iffy.
I'm a little iffy.
I'm like telling my wife, like, when we actually retire, I don't think I can do this.
I got to be somewhere else because this is a little too fucking cold for me.
Yeah, seriously.
And when you say when you actually retire, people, if they don't know,
last year you played, you were part of the Montreal Canadiens,
played in the bubble once the season resumed in the playoffs.
And what's going on now?
Like, are you still kind of trying to look and possibly Europe?
Or is it just right now just seeing what's going to happen these next few months?
Yeah, it was interesting for me.
So when we shut down in March last year, I kind of started thinking ahead.
I thought, you know what?
I was up and down the American League last year.
It was probably it for me.
So I was trying to look at some European options.
I actually had a really good Swiss offer on the table, but I was kind of unsure.
I wasn't really ready yet mentally.
I was like, you know, I kind of want to keep grinding and see if I can still play a couple more years.
And then I went to the play-in.
I literally didn't expect to be in the lineup.
I had a pretty good training camp there.
I started the Pittsburgh series, played pretty well.
And it kind of got in my head a little bit like, fuck, man, I could still play.
Like, if I get a good opportunity, I can still stay in the league.
And then it was the second Philly game.
I got taken out of the lineup, didn't play.
And then I was kind of back to the same mindset where it's like, fuck, man. Do I really want to continue to grind and be in and out of the lineup?
Like I've done it for so long that it's just I still can play.
I can play at a high level, but I want to play and have some fun.
I'm kind of tired of this.
So I went home.
I sat there for two weeks.
Switzerland team wanted me to come right away.
I didn't see my family in two months.
I got four kids.
I got twins that are under two.
I got young kids.
Do I really want to go in
this time with covid and everything and um so i just decided you know what i'm gonna wait and see
and then uh i had a couple tryout offers for the nhl but so we got shut down in winnipeg end of
october so i didn't skate for three months so here's my agent like yeah i got some tryout offers
it's like well fuck i haven't skated in three months man i'll make a fucking fool out of myself you know bad lb yeah exactly like how am i gonna
go make a team and it's a fucking 10-day training camp i haven't fucking skated in three months like
i was like i can't do that it's there's a waste of my time um so i i took the season off and then
i'm sure uh you know i'll start exploring some european offers because fuck i'm still hungry
man i still want to play a little bit yeah um i was gonna ask like going back to like last season and then I'm sure I'll start exploring some European offers because, fuck, I'm still hungry, man.
I still want to play a little bit.
I was going to ask, going back to last season,
the fact you're healthy scratch,
is it just hard with the mental state of mind,
not knowing whether you're going to be in the lineup every game
and maybe have been on a taxi squad to start the year
and just grinding it out away from your family?
Yeah, man, you know what it's like.
It's the worst, man.
I did it in
philly for almost four years where you know i think my first year i might have played 60 games
my second year i might have played 40 uh i got traded halfway through my third year i might
have played half the games like you know at that point i was just like man i can still fucking play
but i'm just tired of bagging in the morning fucking putting the suit on at night eat popcorn
in the stands.
Man, I was getting to know all the people upstairs in Philly.
I was fucking best friends with everybody upstairs.
It was embarrassing.
I knew them better than I knew my teammates.
The press box.
That's why I transferred right over with the Coyotes because I fucking knew everybody up top more than I did in the locker room.
Man, that's exactly what it was.
I was better friends with people up top than on the team.
So it was like, fuck, man, i don't want to keep doing this i can still play and i want to
i want to get some some fucking enjoyment back in the game where you're going to the rink and
having fun and enjoying it would that mean even you maybe going down to a lower league not even
the ahl but overseas to where like you're able to step in just be comfortable where you know
and be a big piece and big part of any team? Yeah, I think so.
That's something I miss, man.
Not that I had that any time in my NHL career where I felt like I was a big part of the team
or as an offensive guy.
But, yeah, I think I just  I would prefer to go over there.
We'll see what opportunities come up, then um you know we'll see what
happens i still want to play i think there'll definitely be something and as that season
winds down they start really getting into the next year right away for import wise and if you
had some discussions with switzerland before i mean i never got the chance to play there but
talking to everyone i'm sure you have what a place to get to maybe finish out a career
yeah man everybody said i mean you know what i i have a ton of good friends
that played in the khl2 that had good stories and i you know you got that gas so um you know i i'm
not opposed to going to play in russia if i got to go by myself and and grind it out for a couple
more years and join myself and pad my pockets like uh you know i i got no problem doing that
so i'm excited yeah we've been seeing you on Twitter a little bit, mixing it up a little bit.
Is that just to entertain yourself?
Maybe a addition of a media work later.
What's what's going on with that,
man?
I cannot tell you how much I enjoy giving it back to fans for the first
time in my life.
It's so fucking fun,
man.
Like my whole career,
you know,
I,
when I started in Vancouver,
I used to get just shredded on Twitter.
People just despise me for some reason.
And, uh, you know, they didn't like the fact I was following a bunch of girls and they were following me back and stuff like I was getting ripped but I just never said anything back like I understood
my role I was a fourth line guy I can't really step outside of my boundary like you know because
there was plenty of times you know Vancouver Montreal where I wasn't even being controversial
on social media and I'm having meetings with the coaches and they're like, well, maybe you shouldn't tweet
this.
Maybe you should do this.
Really?
Oh, tons.
You weren't even saying anything.
Nothing, man.
I could have posted a picture of like me sitting with my son and they're like, maybe you should
stay off social media, focus on your game a little bit.
It's like, holy fuck.
So I can't tell you, man.
I love getting on there and giving it back to people.
The people that chirp you and you give it back to them.
And then all of a sudden they're your buddy oh hey man i love you oh yeah
those are the biggest pussies in the league that's how i met all my friends those are the i actually
would respect and actually enjoy somebody if they gave it to me i gave it back and then they kept
coming but if you're then gonna cower down and say oh man just kidding i really despise you
yeah oh fuck i can't stand it man and the people like i had a guy the other day that's like oh you got bags on your eyes and i was like okay i got four kids i got
fucking 200 i'm sleep deprived i'm up at 5 30 every day yeah i was like fuck i'll take my shirt
off i didn't show you what it takes to get up in the morning man like fuck yeah it was a long night
with my dominatrix outfits fucking take it easy on me yeah like man take a look at the videos man
the fucking guys live and you know the calves i get from these boots i wear while i get after it uh growing up did you go to a lot
of jets games uh so they left when i was seven um i went to probably three um man like you know i
grew up in a blue collar family um you know jets tickets were expensive yeah you know even back
then so uh i remember my first game I went to was Vancouver Canucks.
I saw the fucking Russian rocket out there buzzing around.
That was cool.
And then Keith Kachuk was my guy growing up.
So I loved him and the Jets, and then they switched over.
I kind of kept that going.
Were you a kid that growing up, like, late bloomer?
Were you always really good for your age?
How was kind of your 14 15 16 year old
years before you ended up going to play junior in swift current yeah um good story man i love
telling people like i was i was good when i was younger but i wasn't i wasn't great like man i
never played on an all-star team in my life never when i was like 11 really double a i never played
on one in my life um you know an eighth-round Bantam pick.
I got cut three times in a row in junior,
and then I got traded to Swift Kern and started there.
I was a good
player, but I wasn't
exceptional. I don't have any
great stories where I was the best
player, and I just kept working
and just getting better every year.
Where did you get cut from? What was the
team that picked you and ended up finally moving you so i was drafted by this is kind of a funny story
so i was drafted by medicine hat uh in junior uh willie de jardin was the gm there great guy um
and i got cut 16 story twice i got cut 16 17 and uh it was so funny man this is hilarious if you
knew my dad it would be great so i got cut at 17 and i
asked in person i was like man like i can play in the league why don't you just trade me somewhere
so there's about four or five other guys that were around my age got cut traded and he was sending me
on a greyhound bus back to winnipeg and i was like fuck man let me stay in the league i can play like
give me a chance he's like no we got plenty of guys that can come back at 18 you come back at 18
it's great so my dad ends up calling this guy man
and like if you knew my dad like like my dad loves the game and he's a big hockey nut but like you
know he wouldn't talk to coaches when i was like you know nine or ten or something for him to call
this western hockey league was fucking hilarious so he calls him i end up getting traded a month
later i don't know if it worked but uh i got traded swift current and then i got called up
and kind of went from there you're like what'd you say dad he's like don't know if it worked, but I got traded to Swift Current, and then I got called up and kind of went from there. You're like, what did you say, Dad?
He's like, don't worry about it.
He never even found out.
Just a quick threaten.
Yeah, I don't know what he said, man.
It must have worked, though.
Threatened his life.
I don't know anything about Swift Current.
What's the town like?
What was the junior experience?
I mean, it's probably tucked away somewhere, right?
Man, it's the smallest market in the CHL.
Their population must be
i would say maybe 15 000 people so it was uh it was good man i got there at a good time my first
year was 2006 uh our team wasn't great but it was kind of the team went from a transition where in
2002 they had um you know that's really really elite guys guys. Ian White was really big there, Jeremy Williams.
But they had a ton of issues in town with some of the guys before me.
And I got there at a good time, and I loved it.
I had a great time.
You're a junior.
You're not making any money.
You're just hanging out with your buddies and having a good time.
So it was great to me.
Dale, did you have any U.S. college office?
Was that ever a serious option for you?
Man, that was never an option for me.
I didn't even think about that.
You know what?
In my house, the Brandon Weekings would come play in Winnipeg
in the playoffs all the time.
So I was obsessed with the Western League.
So was my dad.
So that was it for us, man.
I wasn't going to college.
When the Rangers did draft you, like I said, fourth round in 08,
what did they envision for you?
Did they sit down with you at all? I know know you weren't a first a second round but what
were the plans they had for you if any yeah so you know that was another cool thing like i got
passed over at 17 i got passed over at 18 i was actually drafted as a 19 year old and junior which
is um you know it's pretty rare yeah very rare so it was cool i was excited i was i was um i was
hoping to sign right away um my agent you, kept giving me the runaround and saying, well, you know, I think you might have to go back to play junior, go back to play junior. I was like, man, come on. Like, I'm ready to play pro. Like, keep pushing them. They're like, no, we can't, we can't. And I went to training camp. Probably, you know, they expected to send me back to junior. Had a really good rookie camp. You know, I had a couple of fights, scored a couple of goals in that Traverse tournament.
Then, you know, I got into the main camp.
I was actually the last forward cut, which is crazy for a guy that just got drafted as a 19 year old.
So I actually thought I made the team.
You know, you have the last exhibition game on a Sunday.
I thought I made the team.
You know, we got the day off.
I come in the next day and I don't see my gear.
You know, I thought I made the team. I'm looking around. I forgot to let you know we got the day off i come in the next day and i don't see my gear you know i thought i made the team i'm looking around everybody forgot to let you know they forgot to
let me know and i'm looking around i asked the trainer i was like man where's my gear he's like
he's like shocked because you know i'm probably there's some you already called your family well
that's not his team it's not his job to tell you yeah exactly i could tell he was a little shocked
he's like uh tom renny was the coach at the time. He's like, maybe you should go see Tom. And I was like, okay, sounds good.
So I walked down to his office, got myself cut, and we went from there.
Still, though, it was a great first year pro.
I mean, you look at the numbers and, you know,
your 23 points, your first year in the AHL.
I'm sure that year you were happy just to be playing in the AHL.
And the next year you really lit it up.
I mean, were you surprised that second pro year you never got a call up uh I I was shocked to be honest right I mean you were playing nice man
when I look over all the guys that get called up now and I was in the American League two years
ago and I'm looking at the stats I had at 21 and I'm like I couldn't even get a sniff man yeah it's
just different world now man completely different world so my first year
i started on the fourth line and kind of worked my way up and then uh i was i probably didn't
score a lot the first half and then i got going the second half i played a lot more
um and then the second year i came back i played a ton uh i got a chance to play with some good
guys and i was confused the second year i wasn't getting a call because all these older guys
you know guys that were you know at the time 25 26 that didn't getting a call up because all these older guys, you know, guys that were, you know, at the time, 25, 26, that didn't have a lot of NHL experience were getting called up.
I'm like, man, what is going on?
What am I doing wrong here?
Do you ask anyone?
Do you ask a coach at the point down there?
Who was the coach in Hartford then?
Ken Jernander.
Okay.
He was there a while then.
He was there a long time.
He played there a ton, was their captain for a long time, and he was the coach. And, you know, I think that's where I think a lot of people don't understand
is, like, the big club is pulling the strings,
and he really has no say down there.
Because, you know, we would have conversations from time to time,
and I'd say, man, like, what do I got to do?
I went on some good runs where I was player of the week,
and I was fighting.
I was scoring.
Like, people don't do that
in the American League anymore like just getting shriveled yeah and then the crazy thing is so I
got called up the end of that year um there was like two weeks left in the season and I was pumped
man I was like man here's my chance finally I've been waiting all year and and you know
Jordan Andrew tells me look at this is the last call up they have no more call ups you're up for
the rest of the year I'm'm like, fuck, awesome.
I'm getting paid no matter what.
I'm not getting sent down.
This is great.
So I got called up.
I took a warm-up for the last two weeks in every game.
Didn't play.
There was always guys coming back from injury that were game-time decisions.
And then that was the year I went down to that last game there
where they played Philly and they had the shootout.
So that was pretty wild to be a part of that and philly philly ends up going to the cup final
after winning that wild story really wild um we had some run-ins in the american league well i
guess not me and you but uh you were with the heart for woolpack and you guys had sugden you
had i think you had soriel who was a tough fucker too right was he there did you oh yeah we had we had really tough teams i
think even avery got sent down at one point too didn't he yeah that's uh i mean we could talk
about that one for days too i remember we were getting into it in the media a little bit i mean
for whatever what you know what that meant in the ahl i think a kid with a calculator um one of those
calculator like what are the things called calculator iculator, watch, that's it, that's the reporter.
He doesn't even have a microphone to do anything.
You said that guys were arguing in the locker room
as to who were going to get to fight me.
Man, I can remember that one vividly,
and it happened a lot, man.
Like DDO Media and Story All,
I'm pretty sure two years in a row they led the league in fights.
They had like, you must have had, how many did you have?
What was the most you had? I think I had 29 back-to-back seasons
fights okay yeah they were I know both of them were over 30 the two years I knew they were right
around you um man they were don king in the warm-up like setting up fights with guys like
just looking over here it was unbelievable and then I remember your game specifically I don't
know if Sugden was coming back in the lineup or what it was. And it was like rock, paper, scissor in the locker room for fucking Bissonnette, man.
It was unbelievable.
Guys are arguing, no, let me have him.
I'll take him second.
I wanted Avery, and he was fourth in line behind Sugden, Didio, Middy, and I forget who the other guy was.
But it was a fucking shit show.
This is when you're in Wilkes, right?
When we were in Wilkes-Barre.
This game was in Wilkes-Barre, and Avery was at the line.
I think he was playing Don King that night.
Oh, yeah.
Man, he was  I enjoyed him when he was down there.
It was actually pretty funny.
I remember we were in Wilkes-Barre.
I don't know how I fucking remember some of these stories.
But he's reaching over the glass.
This guy was giving it to him all game.
Avery gives him a stick.
He goes, hey, you want a stick?
And the guy at the end, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, fanboy.
That's exactly what we talk about.
And Avery fucking yanks it away.
It was actually really
oh man any other funny stories from the american league that year with those those clowns in the
locker room oh man those two i absolutely fuck i love those guys man like uh i lived with soriel
for uh three years there in hartford and didio media was like uh man he was like the stepchild
he was always at our place he was living down the way but uh it was just it was crazy man because I we all came
into the same year um and I was trying to play and fight and do everything at the same time and
these guys were strictly on the enforcer role man and I could see the toll that I was taking on
these guys it was uh it was tough man their hands were beat up all the time and it was it was just really uh really tough to go through it with those guys I knew what
they were going through off ice and stuff and it was uh really opened my eyes to that aspect of the
game what was it like playing in Hartford like the the city is I mean there's not it's not bumping
that much is it no no man it was tough um but you know it's the first time you're playing pro
you're finally making some money.
Not Swift Current, I guess.
Yeah, no, it's not Swift Current.
From where I came from, it was like New York City to me, you know?
So it was like, you know, you're finally making some money.
They had one bar at Black Bear.
I don't know if you ever went there.
It was the one bar in Hartford, man.
It was pretty good.
After a 3-3, we had to get to the Black Bear every Sunday, man.
We had some good times, man.
I was talking to both those guys recently,
and we were just saying that's probably the funnest time I had playing hockey,
my three years in Hartford.
I really, really liked it.
Was the rink at the mall, the one the Whalers used to play at,
was it the same place?
It was at the XL Center downtown.
I don't know if it used to be a mall.
They turned it into apartment complexes.
They had a couple of restaurants in there.
Downtown was really, man, there wasn't much going on.
Hartford, terrible.
Yeah, there wasn't much going on.
And then my second, third year, sorry, I can't remember the guy's name.
He used to own the Whalers.
He took over the team, actually rebranded the name to the Connecticut Whale.
And we started getting like 14,000, 15,000 fans.
It was really, really cool.
I swear to God, it was nuts.
He rebranded it like three months into the season,
changed the jersey, and we went from like 4,000 or 5,000 fans
to about 15,000 on weekends.
It was wild.
Wow.
So then when you end up in Vancouver, how did that all go about?
Was it a trade or was it like waivers?
I don't really remember how you ended up at Canuck.
And it must have been pretty sweet to go back Western Canada, you know, for where you were from and grew up.
Yeah, it was cool.
So, you know, it was my fourth training camp in New York.
I got cut the three previous years.
It was my fourth one.
We went over to Europe.
We were traveling around.
We hit about five cities, man.
It was unbelievable.
Again, I thought I had a pretty good training camp.
Made it down to the end. And Torts calls me down to his room at about 4 a.m uh we were in
where were we sweden we had a party the night before henrik munk was took the boys out
uh decent could have been one of the best nights i've ever been a part of uh it was just oh my it
was unreal so you know we got back probably i don't even know what time I got back.
Torch calls me down.
I could barely find his room.
Tells me I'm cut.
Got a flyback commercial to New York and then find my car and drive back.
But, you know, it was cool.
He was like, you know, I think you've got a really good camp.
I think you opened some guys' eyes and I really think you're going to get picked off waivers.
So good luck.
And I was like, yeah, right.
Like, come on, man. Yeah, they all say all say that you know like I've heard that one before so I actually you know you wait the day I flew back I didn't get put on waivers
till like a couple more days I went back I had two days in Hartford and then uh I actually got
picked up on waivers and then I was off to Vancouver were you disappointed or happy for
the opportunity um yeah I think I was just so excited because i knew um
that i was really going to get an opportunity to play it wasn't like you know we're picking you
off waivers and we're going to keep you for a week or two i knew that could have happened but um
you know mike gillis called me right away and said um look at you know you watched our team go to the
finals against boston we got absolutely bullied um i don't think you know we're not having you
come in and be an enforcer, but we need
you to bring some toughness, and I really think you're going to help our team.
There were some characters in that room
too. You got Luongo, Kessler, BXM.
I'm sure there were a lot of chuckles in that locker room.
Matt, I was so lucky
to get a chance to play with those guys to
start my year. There's so many good guys. You can
go down the list. I think that's why their team
is so good.
BXM, everybody watches him on TV now. I think he's great. team is so good um bx uh you know everybody
watches him on tv now i think he's great uh hilarious guy really good leader really great
to the young guys uh kessler is is um i really enjoyed him i know we get some bad reviews from
some guys but as a young guy he was great to me uh really funny uh luongo hilarious uh the
brothers dan ham hughues, you know,
Manny Malholcher was a big guy for me, Alex Burrows.
There's just a ton of really, really good older guys that I really enjoyed
and really, you know, set the tone for me for my career.
Is that the first time you'd ever gotten to spend some time in Vancouver?
Yeah, yeah.
So I might have went there when I was like 9 or 10 on a family trip,
but that was the first time I ever got a chance to spend time in Vancouver.
How about the quality of life in that city?
Oh man. I, I, I really enjoyed it, man. I, again,
you go from another step where, you know, the, the minors,
I was probably making like a,
I think I made 65 grand in the minors my three years.
And then you go to make in six 50, 23 years old,
single living in a city like that.
You know, what could go wrong?
Were you able to tell the Sedins apart?
We had an interview with one of their former teammates the other day.
Said he couldn't tell them apart after five years.
I think it was Jovo.
Yeah, I was going to throw him under the bus.
It took me a while, but you could see there was some definite subtle differences.
You know, one's hairline was a little different, the forehead and then uh the way they talk was a little different but um you know they're two of the best people i've ever met in hockey uh the most unassuming guys you'll ever meet man i i
i again i can't say enough good things about my time in vancouver that team was just unbelievable
um you know they made everybody feel a part of it um they always took the brunt of the blame
uh just fucking unbelievable human beings when um most of the time it was burrows playing with
those two did you ever get a chance maybe maybe a shift or a game here and there playing with
the sedins i might have got one shift with them uh they're like nope nope not again coach i might
have got one shift with them uh zach cassie we started the game with them and then uh i don't
know what he did he took a penalty or something and he sat him at the end of the bench and he's
screaming at him wait sir get on his fucking line go take his job get out there all right all right
man let's go it was one shift i really had a good opportunity yeah i mentioned in the intro the 13
locker you played in the netherlands i don't think too many nhl guys ended up there how'd you end up
there and you tore it up man 48 points in 19 games you probably didn't want to
come home it was man it was awesome so i went to vancouver right before the lockout man i was
i was 23 years old i didn't really pay attention to what was going on in the cba talks i didn't
think there was going to be a lockout i went to vancouver for about a month realized we weren't
going to play for a while i came back home um and i was just kind of hanging out man i was at the
lake i was fishing i haven't been home in fall for a while i was enjoying
myself and then i got to the point where it's like okay this is gonna be a while i told my agent you
know what like just call anybody i'll go anywhere i don't really care like i just want to have some
fun um and then he goes i got a team that's uh an hour outside of amsterdam i was like yep put me
on the plane man i'm in i'm in let Let's go. So I went there, man.
It was great.
I didn't know what to expect.
I'd never been in Europe before.
And the fan base there was incredible.
I went to the only team in that league that had money.
They had a good fan base.
Man, I had the time of my life that I really didn't want to come back.
Well, like standing up during the whole game kind of thing, chants.
Yeah, the European vibe.
They chant the whole time.
They scream. And the way this team worked, they had this bar upstairs after. whole game kind of thing chants yeah the European vibe unbelievable they chant the whole time they
scream and the way this team worked they had this bar upstairs after and like you know you go play
the game and then you go upstairs and just get hammered after with the fans it was incredible
like this is so fun and I'm scoring every game yeah I can get them drunk and talk about how good
I am yeah man it was unbelievable it was such a good time and uh I had a great time. I'd love to get back there someday.
Okay, so you have a nickname and I was looking for it online. Did it have to do with, did you get it over there when you're playing during the lockout?
Yeah, the Dutch Gretzky, man.
Okay. So people started calling you when you got back to North America, correct?
Yeah. So when I got back to Vancouver, the media kind of used it as like, it was kind of like a derogatory term.
They're trying to make fun of me.
And so I didn't like it at first.
It pissed me off.
I started giving it back to the media about it.
And then when I switched to Montreal, though, it kind of became a positive thing.
So I kind of ran with it.
Because you were actually fucking lighting it up in Montreal.
Yeah, and then it started to get good.
And it was kind of a positive thing.
So I loved it.
Was Montreal something where, not to jump ahead there, but was there something that in your mind it's like I finally am getting a real chance I'm finally playing on a line more
than six minutes a game and I've always kind of thought I could do this at the highest level?
Yeah it was it was kind of nice man you know I spent three years in Vancouver trying to convince
people that I could play and I could do more than. Buddy you spent your whole life trying to convince
people you could play by the sounds of it you know know? 100, and I still am, man.
So it was a ride.
Like, I was in a tough spot in Vancouver
where, like, I knew what they wanted from me,
but I knew I didn't really want to get stuck in that role.
So I was, like, I was trying to fight,
but I was trying not to fight as much,
so I didn't have to.
And, like, you know, when you look at our team in Vancouver,
there was...
We were team tough, but nobody would actually fight. So everybody's, you know, you look at our team in vancouver then there was we were team tough but nobody would actually fight so everybody's you know business asking me to go i'm like fuck i
don't want to go with you man i'm trying to like i'm trying to play man fuck like come on give me
a break here i was trying to do the opposite because i knew i couldn't like man i really
gotta dive into this role i can't stick handle uh so how many how many meetings with vigno would
you go in there and be like,
hey, I think you can maybe try me.
Was there a lot of that?
Man, I had tons of meetings where I was like, man, just give me a chance.
And to be fair, my first year there, our team was incredible.
We won the President's Trophy.
I didn't think I could really move up the lineup,
but I thought I could play a little bit bigger role,
maybe try me on the penalty kill, maybe something.
I'm like, yeah, look at my stats stats i wasn't playing in the fourth line and americally i can play and um and an interesting one for me after my first year
in vancouver i had a you know you have your year-end meeting you're breaking down the game
and uh all mike gillis wanted to tell me was i needed to start doing mma training in the summer
oh nice sweet he thought that would be a good idea.
Come back to training camp, put him in a fucking armbar.
Hey, Mike, I learned.
Like, I was just so confused, man.
And I battled that for a time.
But, you know, to get back to what you said, I went to Montreal.
And the first day there, I get in the office with Michelle Terry. And he goes, I don't know a lot about you, but this is a fresh start.
I'm going to give you a full, full clean swipe and let's see what you can do.
And I like that was the first time anyone's ever said that to me.
So I thought it was great. And, you know, he was he was huge for my career.
I know a lot of guys are up and down on
him he's like but he did blow cigarette smoke in my face after he did say that so i wasn't sure how
to take it man i didn't have one meeting i did have one meeting where actually i went in and it
was it was smoke covered man i thought i was in a hookah lounge or something um quickly about the
president's trophy year that's when you guys ended up getting worked, what, in five games by LA?
Yeah.
Was like, fuck, man.
That must have been from like the biggest high to like, oh my goodness.
What just happened?
Man, it was crazy.
We had such a good year.
And just from my opinion, I thought, fuck, man. We could win the Stanley Cup here.
Like, this team is so good.
We're so deep.
We're healthy.
Going into the playoffs, we had everybody.
And, you know running and la was not
a good matchup for us like throughout that whole year they always had our number and then they go
on that run to get in the playoffs and i you know i i didn't play the first game i think i came in
game three um but the first two games man we were just fucking out man like they're they dominated
us physically just everything man i couldn't believe it. We were just, we were completely taken back.
That team, I think they got to the cup finals in 15 games.
That Kings team.
I must have told this story three or four times on this podcast.
We played them in the conference finals that year.
Like you said, they just caught stride at the end of the year and just got in.
But that's why I don't put much stock at the beginning of the year in any of these teams
because you got to wait for them to like get rolling they they were going on like three four
day benders after every round they because they would have the time and i think the next round
they ended up playing st louis and swept them and then they played us beat us in five and then they
ended up i think i don't know if it was uh new jersey they beat in five or six but yeah it was
it was like they were unstoppable they were machine they were all big guys and they would just like put the puck down low and just beat you beat
the wheels off you but but then you said you you go to Montreal you get all this confidence so like
you know some guys they go into Montreal it's the complete opposite so you were just thriving there
living the life and you felt like you even had the fan base behind you as well yeah it was great man
um you know where I went from being single in Vancouver,
by the time I got to Montreal, you know, I had my wife and my son.
So that was probably, you know, I wasn't living downtown.
I wasn't in the nightlife in Montreal.
It was all hockey for me.
So just to finally have a team believe in you, man, it was kind of like,
I don't know, it just did wonders for my confidence.
It just did wonders for my confidence that someone was like,
you know, I don't want you to go out there and play
six minutes and fight. So, you know, that
playoff run, I had
some huge goals, and I just kind of
steamrolled that into the next couple years.
Yeah, I want to mention that the 2014 season
you guys beat the Bruins,
beat Tampa, end up losing to the Rangers, but
famously from that handshake
line, you and Milan Lucic had a little bit of an exchange.
Want to fill us in on what went down there?
Man, that whole series against Boston was wild.
I mean, that's two, the history behind those teams is incredible.
The way the series went.
How many games did that series go?
Seven.
Seven, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so it was, man, for me, it was so much fun.
I grew up a Habs fan, so to be a part of that was so cool, man.
And, you know, I scored a game winner in game three,
and then I did some other, you can watch on YouTube some of this shit.
I had Sean Thornton and Milan Lucic just so wound up.
By the time we got to game five and six,
I literally didn't even have to say anything.
They were so wound up, and I was scoring too, which was making it worse. And, man I literally didn't even have to say anything. They were so wound up and I was scoring too,
which was making it worse.
And man, I didn't even have to look at them.
I would just smile and Sean Thornton would be screaming at me.
What happened in the line?
What did Luce say to you?
Do you remember that whole situation?
Yeah, man.
I mean, I've never had anything like that happen before.
You know, you're going in the handshake line.
You know, even Sean Thornton's ahead of him.
He's like, you know, I'm good, serious man, whatever.
Like, kind of a cold.
It's over. It's over, yeah.
You know, I could see he was just steaming, man.
He was just going off on everybody in the line.
And, like, I gave a quick hand.
I was like, hey, good, serious.
And I'm moving on.
And, like, my hand's getting dragged back here like I'm in an arm wrestle.
Guy's just unloading on me.
I was, you know, next year I'm going to get out.
I'm going to kill you.
Like, you know, the TSN guy broke it down.
I don't know if it was Aaron Ward.
I think it was.
Broke down the lip reading and stuff like that.
And then the media got into it after and blew it out of proportion.
Was it warranted, though?
Like, was there something that happened earlier in the series where you maybe stuck him in the nuts or something?
Well, I mean, I don't think the thing he liked when I scored in game,
I think it was game three I scored.
Because in game two that he scored an empty netter,
he strutted in from center and he started pounding his chest
in front of our bench.
And I don't know, man.
I just, early in the series, I didn't like it.
So I score in game three and I gave a huge pound right in going by our bench.
So I think that fired him up too.
And then game six,
uh,
sorry,
game five,
they beat us and him and,
uh,
Jerome again,
we're flexing at us on the bench and like,
man,
we would,
we would watch this before games and it would just fire the boys up.
So in game six,
I don't know.
It was one of the first shifts,
you know,
I knew the end of the shift.
I gave him a little push and I flex back at him and the crowd went wild.
They had it on the screen and stuff,
man.
So he,
I had him wound up pretty good. That's unreal that's why gillis wanted you to
learn mma you at one point lucic was gonna try to break your arm or that's one bear i wouldn't
want to poke who did he ragdoll the other night austin watson uh did you see that yeah he just
throwing him around like a ragdoll he is a mutant and watson's pretty big oh my god he is he's a huge human being how about the uh the vibe though and just like the whole
scene in montreal i tell every person if they ask like what was your favorite place to play it was
it was that building and was the fans on top of you the music and just how much they care and when
you're on a good team playing for the canadians it's like i can't imagine anything better yeah it's i mean i i
played on some i played in new york uh chicago philly montreal i played on some really good
teams in some really good markets and uh i you just can't compare it to montreal like you said
when you're on a good team you're playing on a tuesday night it feels like you're in a playoff
game you know like just the excitement you're pulling up to the rink two hours before there's
jerseys everywhere people People are everywhere, man.
It's just, you just can't compare it to anywhere else.
What's like the craziest fan moment you saw?
Because I think you were there with P.K. Subban as well.
And he was probably like the creme de la creme in that city.
Yeah, man.
He was, he couldn't go anywhere.
Like, he could be driving in a car, you know,
and people would stop and be climbing on the front of the car and stuff, man.
It was just wild.
Bieber shit.
Matt, he was unbelievable um you know he takes a lot of flack to a guy that i'm i'm really close with i'm a huge like signing tits outside of the arena and
stuff like any of that stuff all right tons tons of that for sure for him i'm sure he did
i'm sure he did a ton of after-hours signings, I guess.
Unbelievable.
So Montreal goes along, and then you end up getting dealt,
I think, at the deadline to Chicago that year, right?
And weird enough, you were having a really solid season in Montreal,
and then Chicago, offensively, things didn't really go the way that you probably thought they would.
How was that kind of transition for you?
Were you not playing as big of a role offensively with chicago being a deeper team how'd that go down yeah that
was tough man um i never wanted to leave montreal i was doing everything i could to resign there um
you know the coach believed in me management i thought believed in me uh i was getting a chance
to play i loved it um i i you know i think i had i had 14 goals and 25 points in 40 games like
i was having a great year.
I would have been over 20 goals that year.
I would have cashed in.
I was going to be a UFA.
And then I got dealt with the deadline.
I was in Montreal.
So I ended up waiting 11 days to get my U.S. visa,
where I got traded with Thomas Fleischman.
So I think they probably planned for both of us to go in
and start playing right away.
He starts playing. Guy plays great. I don't get down there for two weeks you're behind
the eight ball I haven't again another situation where like I never skated I went home to Winnipeg
how am I supposed to skate in the middle of the NHL season like I can go on the outdoor rink and
shit man but like you know what do you want me to do it's not it's not practice you're not in shape
and uh so I flew I met the team in Detroit I don't know what day it was like a Tuesday night
we were playing uh sorry so it was a Fridayiday and then i was gonna play saturday at 12 and
uh you know q comes up to me on the plane saturday night he goes you think you can play tomorrow
so uh i haven't skated in 10 days man but sure i'll play like we're playing at 12 o'clock um
didn't play great you know you know i didn't play great uh we ended up winning that night
uh went home we had a day off in the next practice i had a little meeting with him he's like uh
didn't really like your game the other night i'm gonna take you out of the lineup
and i'm just like kind of flabbergasted by this like you know i'm having a great year
you trade for me like you know this is a contending team we're going on a run here
i didn't expect to be a spare part in another lineup so i was like yeah you know, this is a contending team. We're going on a run here. I didn't expect to be a spare part in another lineup.
So I was like, you know, I went back to the exact same thing
where I was in another lineup, you know, playing five, six minutes.
And you had the exact opposite in Montreal.
So when you're saying you didn't want to leave
and it's your UFA year coming up, were you trying to get something done?
Was your agent calling and Montreal maybe couldn't come to to terms or what was going on there and trying to
get a deal to stay yeah so we were trying to get a deal done and and you know i just didn't get an
offer it just never happened like you're like seven times seven i'll sign on the dotted line
seven you know and it's in the big picture like i you know i wasn't looking for a big deal like
i would have taken any little bit of security just to be there so it was frustrating for me i thought i was really close to a deal
and then i you know we didn't have to talk for two days and then burge calls me at midnight and
says uh yeah i sent you to chicago which uh they had worked out unreal for them obviously the deal
was great uh they ended up getting a second round pick which turned into the romanoff kid who's a
stud and they got phil deno so that's a hell of a deal oh Jesus yeah yeah they should be kissing
Montreal should really be kissing your ass not only for what you did on the ice but what you
did off the ice as far as moves um you're welcome we're like so then you hit free agency and I mean
things work out pretty well for you you must have been ecstatic about that deal and the fact that
you were going to Philly another hockey market with a solid squad.
Yeah, so it was cool, man.
You know, before we got into the conversations and stuff,
I knew, you know, I was obviously due for a raise.
I had a great year.
I probably lost some money going to Chicago and struggling a little bit.
But either way, we got to the negotiating period,
and it was the first time I had a chance to do that, which was cool. I you know eight or nine offers i was right around the same money which was awesome you know you're
you kind of took a step back in chicago but then you get to see teams really want you which is
another you know confidence boost for me and then uh i picked philly i thought that was a good
opportunity for me what were the other teams that were like really interested was montreal back in
the mix or no montreal circled back, but, man, at that point,
I couldn't even have a conversation at that point.
Man, I was scarred.
Yeah, you were pissed.
I was pissed, man.
I worked my bag off.
I played so well for you guys.
I wasn't asking for that much, and you couldn't even give me an offer,
so I was kind of torn on that one.
Winnipeg was a big one, which they came in a little later,
where I already had something in the work with Philly otherwise you know I
would have loved to play at home
Boston was in the mix which I thought was really cool
but I don't know after
what I went through in Montreal I don't know if I could have seen myself
going and playing in Boston so I couldn't
do that LA was in the mix
I thought LA would have been a decent spot
San Jose and then
Vancouver actually circled back too, which was something cool.
But I didn't want to go back there either.
Yeah, Philly's not too bad of a spot.
I'm sure they like your style of play, your grinding style.
But I want to bring up Jake Voracek.
You've been around a guy like him.
We interviewed him a couple years ago.
And just in a hotel room, we got a sense of how much of a savage he was.
I can't imagine the course of a year how much you see out of him.
Jake Voracek is one of the most unique guys I've ever played with in my whole life.
I've never seen a guy that can live the way he does and play at the level that he does.
He's an absolute specimen.
I don't know how he does it.
I don't know.
It's just incredible, man.
I really enjoyed playing with him.
Just a fucking awesome guy,
big time competitor. Um, I think that's what something people probably don't see about him. You,
you see his joke inside and you see his funny and stuff, man,
but he's a big time competitor.
How was your relationship with coach Dave Haxtell? I know he left there.
He hasn't coached since, but you know, your numbers took a dip there.
Was he using you a much different than my, uh, Michelle Terry was.
Man. It's, uh, you know, it's kind of a fucking fitting for my whole career.
You sign a four-year deal, a team makes an investment in you like that,
and you think you're going to go there and play a big role.
I start on the fourth line.
Three games in, I get suspended.
I picked up a three-game suspension,
which kind of was brought along by him.
After two games, you know, he's all over me.
You're not physical enough.
You've got to get harder.
And it's like, man, fuck.
Here we go again.
And again, it's like, man, in my head, I'm like, fuck, here we go again.
So sure enough, I go out the third game.
I get a fucking suspension.
He comes up to me the next morning,
pulls his chair up beside me in breakfast.
Hey, Weiser.
How are you?
Well, fuck, man.
I'm not very happy.
You going to pay me that money I'm losing?
Well, you know, that's what I wanted to say.
He's like, you know, I guess I kind of feel a blame.
And it's like, fuck, no shit you're a blame, man.
Are you picking up my fine now?
Like, you know, it's not costing you 60 grand.
That's what you got dinged for?
60,000?
60,000.
Oh, my goodness.
You pay that pre-tax, too.
Yeah, that's making 100,000.
Man, it was painful.
That's the first time.
I got suspended before when I was in Vancouver, but it was exhibition.
I didn't lose any money, so it was fine.
When you start losing money like that, you're like, holy fuck, man. I can't lose any money so it's fine but you start losing money like that you're like holy fuck man I can't be doing this so coming from college you think maybe a little bit in over
his head trying to do the college route where you could be a little harder on guys than maybe the
NHL and not not necessarily ready to be coaching at that level in your opinion yeah in my opinion
um I I think he was way over his head I think the jump from junior to pro maybe was a little too
much for him um I think he's a really good person separate I think the jump from junior to pro maybe was a little too much for him.
I think he's a really good person.
Separate hockey away from him.
Me and him didn't see eye to eye in hockey,
but I think he's a really good person.
And I just think it was a little too much for him because you go from handling kids to handling men,
and you got some egos and stuff like that.
Oh, yeah.
We had a serious accountability issue in philly that's
that's what i saw was the struggle of that team when i was there that's probably the biggest thing
for coming up to pro is like all of a sudden it's like the players essentially well the guys guys
make it seven million yeah it's like yeah i'm staying here before you if i go into the jams
office so like like was he like i don't know every time i see him he seemed like a bit of like a hard
oh like he would always have that mean mug.
Yeah, so he's got no emotion, man.
When you see him on the bench, it looks like he's got no emotion.
And then that's kind of how he is on the hockey side.
Away from it, he's great, man.
He's a friendly guy.
He's a nice guy.
But on the bench, it just, you know, there wasn't a lot of emotion.
And, you know, for me, it was tough.
Like, you know, you go three games into your four-year deal,
and you're in and out of the lineup.
And then I actually finished the year really strong there.
I got a chance to play with Couturier and Shan.
I was like, this is awesome.
We were way out of the playoffs at that point.
And I think I finished.
I had, like, you know, 12 points in my last 15 games.
I played really well.
And I thought, okay, you know, this is what I can do.
Next year, nope.
You know, I go into the GM's office for the year-end meeting,
and Hextall is like, yeah, obviously not the start we wanted,
but I love the way you played at the end.
I think you showed what you can do.
And then you come back the next year, and it's kind of the same thing.
You're starting in and out of the lineup, and it's
The grind.
The absolute grind of pro hockey.
How much did you like Philly as a city, though?
I mean, guys, even if the team's not good, guys seem to really like playing there.
Yeah, so I lived in Cherry Hill in South Jersey.
I thought it was incredible, man.
Probably the nicest place I lived in all my career.
I loved it there.
Just great people.
It's not cold.
You know, the coldest it gets is like, man, we had snow for like maybe three days when I was there.
I loved it.
So great place to live.
Outside of my hockey experience with Philly, I loved it, man.
Now, of course, they end up trading you back to Montreal.
You must have been fired up for that, no?
Yeah, that was cool.
So I thought it was kind of going to happen after my second year.
I thought I was going to go back.
My agent said there were some talks between the teams,
and he was talking to Burge to get me back
I made some comments when I left
Montreal obviously I was sour I was pissed
I made some comments that he wasn't
really happy about
he was telling my agent
if he gets traded back
I want him to apologize
to me and stuff I was like oh man
if he wants to trade back for me I'll apologize
I'll do whatever the fuck he wants like you know but uh that was a funny story so i was in uh lehigh
valley i got sent down i mean it's a long story but went on with that and uh kicking the dick
right four-year deal making two over two million it's like whoa i'm in the yeah and you're you're
not putting you're not you know you're not paying escrow so that's uh that's the gift that's the gift it's kind of a nice bonus there's no escrow
down there but uh man it was a weird situation when i got traded there because you know chuck
fletcher comes in new gm in my third year in philly i actually got off to a really good start
man i was playing well the interim coach steps in uh what is it scott gordon i think it was
and playing well and then the new gm comes in
and uh you know he's not happy with me he calls me and he's like hey i'm gonna trade you uh in
the next couple days this is before i practice i went upstairs yeah we're gonna trade in the next
couple days you can just go home i was like okay perfect but you know the next couple days again
turned into two weeks like i didn't get traded for a week i didn't come to the rink i'm calling
chuck i'm like hey chuck like what's going on. You're going to make me look like I'm an attitude
problem or something. Like, why can't I just be around the team while you trade me? Like
it made no sense to me. And then the bi-week mandatory bi-week, I had a Disneyland trip
planned with my family. I'm calling him like 48 hours before. Hey, like Chuck, can I go with my
family? Are you trading me? Or you can send me down? Like, you know, then finally he told me
like two hours before my flight was fine I could go.
I could go on that trip.
I come back, wait another few days, and then finally I get a trip.
And it was just  I've had some really, really tough trade experiences.
Oh, shit.
Well, it's so true.
It says if you're going to trade me, okay, but I can skate and do the bag skate after practice.
Are you trying to say that me being around the guys is ruining the attitude here.
It's like, come on, man.
They want him doing the teacups instead.
Man, I was so confused because you can ask anyone.
It's a small world after all.
You can ask anyone that's played with you, man.
I'm not a dress room issue like I've never been.
He's like, if you can win the big stuff, the animal, you can come back.
That's pretty much what it was, man.
It was fucked up.
Oh, shit.
Well, I'm actually interested in a recent tweet when Claude Julien was let go.
I think last week.
He mentioned, well, maybe now they won't get as many too many men on the ice penalties
because the new coach will actually be saying who's up so was that definitely an
issue for Claude and just forgetting to tell the next line to go yeah that was tough man and you
know when you I played on a team where you know coaches always call the lines you know who's going
so there was a really yeah that's a big change for me and I think it was tough for you know I
played with guys that were
there when tearing was there and then when I'm coming back they're like well just just wait just
wait till you see this bench work right now so you know I get on the bench and you know you never
know who's up but he likes to keep rolling four lines which I've never seen a coach do that he
doesn't like try to line match he wants to roll four lines I've never seen a coach do that but
half the time he is changing it.
So it's like, should I go? Should I go?
And then, you know, a couple times in my first couple games back,
he's screaming at me because I went.
But it's like, man, we were up.
What the fuck did you want me to do?
How was I supposed to know?
Yeah, so it happened a ton where it was just mayhem on the bench.
Nobody knew what was going on.
Nobody knew who was going.
And, like, you know, you're sorting groceries in the middle there're being like who's up who's up who's going oh it's just it's tough
man it's tough to play like that getting puck watching hey you call you have your own little
player meeting with them hey getting cut puck watching out there man hey yeah you're standing
around too much coach you know not really liking your game we're gonna send you down
so deal when you went back to Montreal the second time,
obviously a new coach, Shea Weber, got traded and brought to town for PK.
How much else did the team dynamic change?
Were there any guys still there from a few years ago when you were there?
Yeah, so that's what I always find crazy for me.
In 2014, we went to the conference final, shook the team up.
2015, we had a really, really good team.
We lost the second round of tampa
uh tampa was unbelievable that year too i think that's when they went to the final loss chicago
i believe 2015 and uh in two seasons that you know sorry uh two and a half seasons i left there
was only four guys left on the team wow uh jeff petrie paul byron priceyy and then maybe I'm missing one more but the team was completely different
so quick
I could feel the difference
in the team for sure
not a bad difference
but a change for sure
I mentioned you played for five different teams
is there anyone you're root for these days
whereas you're a free agent
you don't have any loyalty to anybody
yeah you know what?
Being with the Habs six months ago in the play,
and I'm still rooting for them.
I have a lot of good buddies on the team.
I know what it's like when things aren't going well.
It's tough, man.
You feel like the world's ending there.
You can't go to the grocery store.
You can't do anything.
People are all over you.
So I wish the best for those guys.
I hope they can turn it around.
And you're you're
pretty close with carrie price and it's obviously been a little bit of a struggle for him this year
were you surprised to see the goalie coach let go and now sean burke's coming in who's kind of the
whisperer but what have you seen from your buddy there in having you know not a great year so far
yeah i'm uh man you'll see on my twitter and everything i'm the biggest carrie price fan i've
seen him uh i've seen him in the biggest moments
be the biggest difference maker.
I have so much respect for that guy, man.
He is as humble of a superstar
as you'll see in the dressing room.
I just think it's,
I have so much respect for a guy
that's carried that team for so many years
when times where they were so, so bad
and he's carrying the team.
Never once would he shit on his teammates.
You know, some of the goalies in the league where, you know,
a goal goes in, they're staring at their D-man and stuff like that.
Like, he just never did any of that shit, man.
He would never show that in the dressing room.
I have so much respect for him.
And, you know, like anybody, I think there's ups and downs.
He's a guy that, like I said, he plays his best in the big moments.
When I was in the play-in in the summer, man, he was fucking lights out.
The team was playing great, but don't get me wrong, man, he was the backbone.
We had no business in any of those Philly games minus game two.
We had no business without him there.
So I think people forget that was six months ago.
Are you glued to the TV every night, watch as many games as you can,
or you just kind of fill it in?
I know you've got four kids, so obviously you're busy.
Yeah, I mean, I try to watch as much as I can.
You know, like you said, I've got four kids,
so, man, it's a circus around my house.
But it was tough, to be honest with you, the first couple of WIPE,
because I was still kind of in that phase where I was a little bit bitter,
and I thought, man, I should still be playing.
And then you start watching, and you're like, you know,
I think I'm better than this guy. I play this and then uh and then it kind of
goes away and then now you're just kind of back to being a fan man and i'm enjoying the game again
well man we appreciate you coming on this has been a great chat for somebody who went through
the grind of pro hockey and i think fans a lot of times see the high level superstars and it seems
easy and 90 of the guys are kind of going through what you've gone through your entire life so
i think for sure the way you look the the way you could skate, definitely give Europe an option.
It is fun.
I couldn't stand the KHL, but now I'm very happy I did it, if that makes any sense.
So I think that you still got hockey in front of you.
And I'm wishing you all the luck in the world.
We appreciate it.
Yeah, I appreciate that, boys.
I appreciate that, too.
I think I'm probably in the same boat where I got to at least give it a try.
Yeah,
I would.
I would see what it's just to see what it's about,
you know,
and then I can,
then I got no regrets.
I'm not sitting at home saying,
I could have banked in a couple more.
Yeah.
You don't want,
you don't want it to end like,
like this where like you could have played.
It's just been such a COVID crazy year where you get to go do your thing and
really go out the way you want to.
So that, that should be, that should be interesting to keep tabs on you and really go out the way you want to. So that should be,
that should be interesting to keep tabs on you and we'll catch up again
soon.
The Danish Gretzky.
The Danish Gretzky.
The Dutch Gretzky.
Oh shit.
Biz is going to eat a Danish now.
He's hungry.
All right,
buddy.
We'll see you later.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Thanks so much,
Dale.
Take care.
Thank you very much.
The deal we switch.
Ironically guys,
I mean,
we drop his interview and tonight Milan Lic is playing in this 1000th game.
So there you go.
A little irony there.
But I want to appreciate I want to thank him for coming on.
It was a lot of fun chatting with him when we were in Jupiter.
And I also need to talk to you guys about all of vehicle breakdown coverage, all of mechanical breakdown coverage. You might not know what it
was, but now you do. It's pushy salespeople and robocalls. It's the opposite. That's the absolute
worst. All of mechanical breakdown coverage says hell no to those unwanted robocalls and the pesky
sales clowns that won't leave you alone. Your vehicle warranty only takes you so far,
but with the online leader for mechanical breakdown coverage, Olive provides breakdown coverage for your vehicle beyond your manufacturer's warranty and protects your wallet from unexpected
repair costs. You know that call. Hey, yeah, we had to fix the vendor belt. It's 4,000.
You're like, pardon? Not with Olive. The online leader in mechanical breakdown
insurance. And you can buy how you want to buy. You get the quote, you purchase and even manage
your account 100 online. There's nearly all of the stars on Google. I mean, what the fuck,
whoever wrote that. But it doesn't even matter because there's no waiting period or inspections.
There's no annual mileage restrictions. And there's coverage across the u.s and canada for all our listeners all of services the majority
of auto brands sold in the united states including luxury brands like mercedes and bmw
so visit go get olive.com slash chicklets for your personalized quote today that's go get olive.com
slash chicklets obviously there was an interview with a former Canadian.
We have to mention our last week interview was with a former Canadian,
Shane Corson.
Boys, I don't know if it's top five, top three.
I've been getting incredible feedback.
I just got a text a minute ago saying it was a top three interview all time.
Wherever you place it, dude, Shane Corson was an absolute fucking beauty. Yeah, we got to meet up with him in Boston.
That's going to happen.
Just fantastic stories. Just a great got to meet up with him in Boston. That's going to happen. Just fantastic stories.
Just a great guy.
And thanks to him again.
And thanks to everybody for the feedback who enjoyed it.
Because we had so much fun doing it.
And the fact that people have so much fun listening to it
makes this job easy, man.
Oh, Doyle rules.
Dude, he said that all casually.
Like, oh, this family we had a family fight with.
Like it was going to have a family beef.
At the barn.
Pardon me?
Go back there for a second, Shane.
Oh, actually, there was another family.
It was like the WWE.
Like all these different characters.
Who else we got?
Is there more trades that we haven't broken down?
No, we did all the trades.
We didn't talk about the kid.
Jersey gassed at Gooseheb, and then he signed in Florida.
Correct.
Maybe there.
That's a lot of skill.
He did pretty well his first year over here.
Maybe he gets a chance to play high in the lineup in Florida.
It can do some damage.
Yeah.
They signed Nikita Gusev to a one-year, 1 million deal.
Obviously, pro-rated at this point.
He was bought out by New Jersey last week.
He had two goals and three assists in 20 games this year,
but he's a 20-year-old kid who came over
from the KHL last season, and he
had 44 points in 66 games.
Spit it out. 66.
I have trouble with my sixes. Either way,
that's a lot of skill, Whit. Did you know about
this kid? I know you weren't there when he was in the KHL,
but what's your intel on this kid?
He might have been in the
KHL when I was there, actually.
Actually, yeah.
I don't know.
I know that there is a high skill level,
but then there was times he was just dog shit.
And so it depends on what he does and who he's playing with.
I think if you put him with some talent, I mean, how good was
who's the kid in Ottawa now?
I'm just blanking on his name, the Russian that played in Florida.
What the fuck?
Anisimov?
No.
No.
Oh, no.
This is embarrassing.
Dadinov?
All right.
Oh, Dadinov.
Dadinov.
Dadinov.
Biz.
Yeah.
You know, you butchered the saying.
Dadinov.
Dadinov.
Insider.
Dadinov signed.
He signed a deal.
I was like, Florida wouldn't give him that.
So, yeah, he's replacing Daddy.
Yeah, Biz. Oh, my goodness.
Good job, bitch.
I mean, marvel in my glory here.
No, I'm taking the rest of the podcast off.
You guys enjoy.
Yeah, wait, you were in the cage all at the same time.
I stand corrected.
Yeah.
Was he on UFA?
Let's see.
No, he was on Cisco Moscow.
Suitcase.
Absolute suitcase in the K.
Now he's a suitcase in the show.
But they did say that they're going to give him some opportunity
to play with the big boys to start off is what I'm reading.
So let's see.
I mean, I could put up fucking 30 playing with Barkov.
So he's 30 goals or points.
Goals.
That's how good Sasha is.
And Saudi Arabia, Russia, Russian guys.
I don't even need a stick.
I just have a chair.
Two goals, 28 second assists.
Oh, yeah.
That's your fucking stat line, bitch.
I was waiting for that.
Boys, we didn't mention yet.
We were in the dozen trivia show with Jeff D. Lowe, a coworker at Boston Sports. We didn't mention yet. We were on the Dozen Trivia Show with Jeff D. Lowe,
a co-worker at Barstool Sports.
We didn't win.
We are in the finals.
They're going to have, what, the final tournament, I believe,
starting in a week or so.
I think everybody made the final tournament, but proceed.
But anyways, if you haven't watched the video, by all means, check it out.
We didn't win, but that was a lot of fun, boys.
I mean, I think we went up against a pretty good contender in Kirk Minahan, but that was a lot of fun, boys. I think we went up against a
pretty good contender in Kirk Minahan,
but Steve got a lot of questions.
Okay.
Spoiler alert. Check out the video.
I'm so bad at trivia.
So bad. Yeah, my back's still
sore from carrying you guys.
I got nothing in the trivia
category. I got to say, I was
honestly shocked that neither one of you knew got Bellini
only because you guys around brunches.
You called a bartender.
I did.
My brother.
For everyone at home who hasn't seen the video, we had a phone a friend.
The fact that you just brought up us getting that one wrong.
We had a phone a friend.
So, R.A., as we were described, what is this drink?
What is the ingredients?
What drink do these ingredients make we have no
idea all right let me call my brother
he's a bartender he calls the guy
up he doesn't have a clue and we
get the thing wrong and he's coming at us saying
we should have got it he did
say I got a brother as a bartender
yes he never
he never worked any brunches he's a bartender
so I'm going to take accountability for this one
they used to have those Bellini drinks at Cactus Club in Canada.
Yeah.
I can't.
When the name came up, I was like, oh, my God.
Is that the drink you'd put in the beer?
Yes.
The slush?
Yeah.
Like, you guys were around, like, brunch crowds.
Did it say it was, like, icy slush in the description?
R.A. said it.
He goes, oh, it's like the brunch crowd.
Basically, like, the hottest dickheads for drinking Bellini's,
which I completely agree with, and that's when it should have clicked.
But it didn't.
Yeah.
Oh, I would put Bellini in my beer.
It was phenomenal.
That's a Cactus Club special.
Yeah, it is.
But I love doing that trivia, man.
It's so much fun, and we get together.
We're going to do it again.
Boys, we got to win it.
We have to win that tournament. I think we can do it. We'll be good. We'll be good. Absolutely. I'll study. trivia, man. It's so much fun. And when we get together, we're going to do it again. Boys, we got to win it. We have to win that tournament.
I think we can do it.
We'll be good.
We'll be good.
Absolutely.
I'll study.
Yes, Hank.
Gee, did we tweet that out from the main account last week?
We did, yes.
Okay.
Well, if you haven't seen it, check it out.
It's definitely very entertaining, 35 to 40 minutes or whatever it was.
And we played against Kirk Minahan, who right now has out
I'll let you describe it. I think you've already talked about it and apparently it's getting tons of
action yeah the case actually episode two dropped today kirk minahan did a deep dive it's one what
are they called a crime podcast all right it's not like true crime true crime so he was investigating
a girl's disappearance i want to say around 30 years ago in brockton massachusetts and what he's
come to find and just doing this and ending up in South Carolina.
And it's crazy.
So if you're a fan of true crime, even if you're not, give this a shot.
It drops every Monday at noon, I think for the next six, seven weeks.
So I haven't listened to it yet, but I've been hearing like amazing feedback.
And I think that after what dropped today, the second episode,
there's even
more going on that that i think all the fans will enjoy so check that out the case minahan's nuts
crazy he's like a savant in trivia he knew this master's question those ones out of his ass he
pulled yeah so that's that's probably the top team right who else is good i mean well they said it
was a one-man team with basically
correct but i gotta say steve pulled pulled a couple like he that that tiffany question like
if he didn't talk out loud it's pretty much useless but i what's up buddy um all right let's
see we got some uh divisional news we're gonna run through we do want to tell you that the la
kings extended uh alex i i follow four-year deal worth 16 million.
This is a kid whose name was coming up quite a bit in the trade deadline.
And I think the Kings recognized what they had in a player and they want to
keep him there and they paid him to keep him there and he's going to be there.
So Biz, do you know this guy? I mean, I know you were in their organization.
Not really. I mean, they, they, they really like him.
And then all of a sudden his name popped up and the fact that they had to work
something out. And yeah, I mean, when he plays against the Coyotes,
he's a crafty player.
You always used to seem to put up offense,
at least to a certain degree.
And what did he get, four times four?
Yeah, let's see what he can do.
I don't know.
He came out of college, didn't he?
Yeah, he played at Duluth and he was never drafted.
So he signed a deal for 16 million.
That's nice.
He never played a fucking game in the AHL either.
Wow.
UDFA.
Those stories always, I love those guys.
Guys who are never drafted and get to the NHL.
Those are my favorite.
Yeah, it's because they play until they're like 25 in college.
And then they go on a visit to every show team at every Nobu in North America,
you know, ruining the environment with all the jet fuel that they're
fucking using just to sign a deal and then they don't have to worry about their entry level they're
like it's like all of a sudden they're unrestricted or some shit no they still have entry levels to
deal with i believe yeah they're like one like six months long that they somehow weaseled out of
till the all-star break i don't even know how it works like every once in a while you get this like special college kill or kid who all of a sudden has like more rights than betman
it's like what the fuck is happening here you know um when you think about i mean joey mullen
adam oats two hall of fame is not drafted i mean it's insane the numbers those guys put up
after not being drafted the careers they had i didn I didn't know. Oh, my God. I didn't know Adam Oates wasn't drafted.
Fuck. That's fucking cool.
Whoopsie. Whoopsie-daisy.
Okay. What else we got?
Philadelphia. They
signed Scott Lawton, extended him, I believe,
five-year deal worth 15 million,
3 million a year.
Incredible, incredible timing.
I'm the biggest mush. It's well-known.
I tweeted out randomly something to the effect of like,
if you're a team trying to win a Stanley Cup,
Scott Lawton's the exact guy you need.
He's kind of like Coleman last year that Tampa brought in.
Press tweet.
It's like sending tweet, doom.
And then it goes to the top of your timeline.
It's Chris Johnson.
Scott Lawton just re-signed in Philadelphia.
I'm like, oh my God. And I just replied. And heton just re-signed in Philadelphia I'm like oh my god and I just replied
he and he's just re-signed so obviously that he his press conference he said how much he loves it
there he wanted to be there and they they know what they have three million bucks a year for
five years and a team that could have really used him in the playoffs and looked at an at a UFA guy
maybe at a rental they lose out but. The timing in me there and being able
to just ruin an idea I had just by
sending a tweet is incredible.
His name's Chris Johnston. Stay hot, Whit.
What did I say?
Johnson.
I thought the T was silent, too.
The T was silent.
Like mistletoe?
The first T biz.
Biz is like, there's two t's of mistletoe
ra's on crack right now ra is just having a good time no shit on my chest buddy go ahead it's your
day man all comes on the sky dump just like i was gonna do on zito's car take it right on my chest
all right boys moving along with some more signings here the new york rangers signed
defenseman zach jones he was their third round pick in the 19 draft and he's fresh off his national championship with the
umass amherst minute men he's gonna burn the first year of his deal and he should be in the lineup
once he does his quarantine so congrats to him on signing with the rangers and on the national
championship not a bad week for the kid and burning your office deal another college another
scam from a college kid fucking scammer yeah take
a fucking loan out going spring break uh auto acclaimed uh defenseman victor me tay off of
waivers montreal waving the other day uh auto lost a couple defensemen and some trades so
shore up that vacancy with the the little claim action there all right what else we got here oh
also another wave of claim the Dallas Stars picked up Sammy
Vatnin the Devils had waved him Stars picked him up Biz any comment on those last two moves
no I mean god this guy was so highly touted for a while and now he's just being given away like a
bag of pucks with what do you think about it I don't know man I I don't know what do you think
I want to hear your opinion I just well I I don't watch him well guys I don't know. What do you think? I want to hear your opinion.
I just, well, I don't watch him.
Guys, I don't watch him enough.
I don't know.
I don't really know what to think.
I'm not out east.
And he spent a lot of his time there,
although he was with Anaheim for a little bit,
but it just like it didn't really work out.
They gave him up for Adam Henrich, right?
Yeah, I mean, I think that his foot speed is a huge issue, right?
I think that ever since he was walked by Henrich quite after the trade that's an issue mentally how do you get over that is that
what he flipped it over his head yeah he flipped it over his head right after the trade i think
he's got a great shot i mean it's not a guy that like you can really rely on speed wise to be able
to play that many minutes but i think power play wise he can be good
a little bit of a specialist now in my opinion so like a 14 minute guy just protect them yeah
and get him get yeah and get him a bunch of pp time it doesn't happen often as often as it used
to actually you brought up cabaret that's what he did when the bruins traded for him in that run he
like never played but he'd get out there for pps and against the other team's third fourth line
that's kind of it
just rolling through the notes here
Jack Campbell he broke the team record for the
Toronto Maple Leafs with his 10th straight win
then he added his 11th
this kid's been out of
control in a good way he's just been fucking
rolling through his opponents such a
great story too we talked about it before like
all the ups and downs he's had and
where he's at right now and the way those teammates talk about a man like they just you could tell that
like when what's his name mitch monon counted the one two three like i i've never seen anything like
that before like come down to 10 wins and you know i'm not a leafs fan but you know that type that
type of stuff is is pretty cool to see they love him so much in a game where he gives up five they're
going to give him his 11th win in a row by putting up a six-piece.
Yeah, they fucking love him.
He's the best.
I'm so happy for him right now.
He's at the top of his game,
and Leaf Nation is loving it because they got their goaltender.
When's the last time Leaf Nation has been able to really embrace a goaltender
like this?
They've had times where they've loved Freddie.
Yeah. I mean, I don't know. Obviously, right now, 11-0 is like. really embrace a goaltender like this. They've had times where they've loved Freddie.
I mean, I don't know. Obviously,
right now, 11-0 is like,
this is a different level.
But peaking too early,
he's got to get a loss in there. You can't be riding a streak like this going into playoffs.
You don't want that, Biz.
That's a fact.
Negative wit coming out.
You don't want to see him go far.
Negative.
It's realistic.
Fucking A.
The Patriots would have won the Super Bowl had they lost the game that year.
I was waiting for that.
I was waiting for that.
You don't want a streak like that going into playoffs.
A point streak is one thing as a player.
A goalie winning streak, you need a loss mixed in before the playoffs start.
Yeah, because the pressure gets on.
Everyone talks about it and makes a bigger deal about it,
and then you stop thinking about it.
Either way, Campbell and Carey Price are the only two goalies
to begin a season 10-0-0.
So congrats to Jack, man.
I mean, you've got to be happy for the kid's success.
He's a great story so far in this NHL season.
My favorite highlight from the last few days,
I don't know if you guys caught it, I tweeted it out.
I'm not sure if the account did.
Patrick Mallow had his last regular season game ever
versus the LA Kings last night.
What's the name?
Sunday.
And just, you know, the veteran Kings went over and gave them all daps.
And I know, you know, we could joke tummy sticks.
This is just honoring and respecting a beloved and respected member of the NHLPA
and stuff you don't see every day.
I mean, it was just an awesome highlight biz.
Did you catch it?
Yeah, it was Kopitar.
Then Carter came over and then Quick finished it off.
And Quickie, yeah.
And he owned Quickie too.
Yeah.
I mean, those guys have had so many battles.
It was great to see.
But, I mean, you call it tummy sticks.
Not really because I believe it was postgame, wasn't it?
Or was it in the pregame warmup?
Yeah, I know.
You know, I mean, same concept.
That's very King fashion.
Dustin Brown probably spit on him in warm-up.
Dustin Brown trucked him in the first year.
Yeah.
And then he's like, great career, but he's picking his teeth up.
Yeah.
That was cool, though, because you could tell that they really appreciate
how long that guy's played.
And the list he's climbing in games played.
Oh, my goodness. He's only behind Gordie. Or no, did climbing in games played, he's only behind Gordie.
Or no, did he pass?
Yeah, he's only behind Gordie Howe, right?
And he passed Messier.
Yeah, he's number two right now.
And he's not far away from the lead.
Like, he'll pass Gordie, right?
Yeah, I mean, if he finishes the year, he'll pass Gordie, I believe.
Without checking on my computer in front of me.
Hey, Grinnelli, I noticed you've been tweeting this Sank thing. Why don't you tell the people about it? I believe what I'll check on my computer, my computer in front of me. I really.
I noticed you've been tweeting this song thing.
Why don't you tell the people about it?
So we have the song.
It is available on the play barstool app right now.
Go there right now.
The competition from Friday.
It's still available right now.
600 people have the opportunity tonight, Monday night to win 2,500.
So we don't know the results of that.
But when this ends, when this contest ends, that 2,500,
if no one gets everything right, could carry over till Tuesday.
So on Tuesday, we're doing another contest for the SONC,
the 2,500 jackpot.
But it could be 5,000 based off Monday night's contest.
How many nights a week?
How many do you do in a week?
We do Tuesdays, every Tuesday and every Friday.
There's a competition.
So we're giving away five, basically five grand a week with this,
the song on the play barstool app.
So download that now at the play barstool.com.
What are the six people that are still in it have to achieve tonight?
600 people, biz, 600 people are still alive.
600 are still alive.
600 people have the opportunity.
We're just giving away money at this point.
Gee, just elaborate a little.
So basically people can make bets in quotes,
but they don't have to put money up.
They just make picks.
And if they win, they can win money without having to spend a cent.
Correct?
Yeah.
So it's an app.
It's free to download.
And you download the app.
And then we're going to give you three contests.
And then we're also going to give you three players.
And you're going to have to guess for those three players
whether or not they'll score a goal that night.
And also for the games, you're going to have to guess who wins
and by what the score is.
So you have to guess every single one correct in order to win the money.
And we have 600 people alive still.
That's insane.
All right.
I love it.
Absolutely. I mean, if you can win money it seems easy but it is so hard to get all six right that's what we'll see maybe
we see something build up to 20k it's gonna be like powerball 600 a chicklet win 600 million
and it's memes because he was fucking getting he signed up for like 20 different emails
just to have 20 different soccer accounts gotta spend my make money lou washington capital's a
little news out of there uh henrik lundquist he's gonna need more recovery time from his open heart
surgery and unfortunately he will not play the season we all saw the clip of him about a month
ago skating out on the rink we were like oh, oh, maybe we'll get him back this year.
We all love Hank, regardless of what uniform he's wearing.
But unfortunately, he still has some inflammation around his heart.
He's going to need a little more rest and recovery. It was found via a routine physical, which is a ringing endorsement
for getting checked up by a doctor.
Don't be a fucking harto.
Guys are wicked hartos about that.
It's like if something's wrong, go.
Literally, you go in for a blood test these days, and they can find the craziest stuff around you. don't be a fucking hato guys are wicked hato's about that it's like if something's wrong go like
literally you go in for a blood test these days and they can find the craziest stuff around you
just buy a fucking blood test so obviously we love hank we wish him the best we want to get
him back next year but health is the most paramount thing going so and check out the
interview he had with kevin weeks he sat down with kevin weeks on it was it on nhl network
yeah and they had a great sit-down interview.
Obviously, a lot of trust there.
I believe that they were partners at one point.
And, I mean, try to find two better-dressed guys when sitting down for an interview.
And some couple.
I think Hank might have had a three-piece on.
I've never owned one of those.
They usually turn me down for the three-pieces.
Yeah.
I mean, if it's
a certain... You can pull it off. I can't even get a certain
thread count, let alone a fucking three piece.
Not every three piece is good, but
some of them, if you can pull it off, it looks
good, Biz. Aw, Hank's got like the
pocket watch. He looks like he's thrown out of that.
I mean, he can wear them when I wear them and look
fucking good every day.
What's the new show? Oh, Peaky. He looks like he's
at a scene of Peaky Blinders. I still gotta give that show a shot. Oh, you new show? Peaky. It looks like you've seen a Peaky Blinders.
I still got to give that show a shot.
I tried it once. Wasn't into
it, but that's normal for me. I got to go again.
It's a slow start. It starts really
slow. It's tough to get into it.
It's a little bit of foreplay.
You're used to sticking it right in.
Just give me the go right now.
Two minutes. Roman Swag.
Foreplay. Hey.
All right. Vegas, Arizona. Yeah, foreplay. Hey, that's my foreplay.
All right, Vegas, Arizona.
Biz, your boy Jordan Gross got whacked by Revo.
That was a tough hit.
Did he get sussied for it?
No, he did not.
He got absolutely no supplemental discipline, no money, no fine suspension. I mean, hey, I love Revo, but I saw the hit.
I thought he was going to get suspended.
Well, the kid was, like, leaning over. Like, pick up fuck this it was yeah it was open ice it was open ice
and by the time that revo hit him like gross was kind of leaning back expecting that oh no i got
caught in the trolley track so he's his head's so low and revo's so big it's just like well like
his shoulders his shoulders down he wasn't jumping like is he does he have to fucking get in a 90 and Revo's so big. It's just like, well, his shoulder's down.
He wasn't jumping.
Does he have to fucking get in a 90-degree squat
so he doesn't get sussy?
He literally skated.
It's like, skate through him.
Skate through your man.
Towards the end of the hit, his arm did come up,
but at that point, it was like, no,
it wasn't the initial point of contact.
No, I don't think he should have been sussied.
I think people went crazy online because that's the thing with the dude.
Now I'm going to sign a PTO.
I just talked to Armstrong.
I'm going to cave your fucking face in, Rebo, you piece of trash.
You think you can fucking hit my coyotes defenders like that?
You're getting a glimpse here, folks, on YouTube.
Rebo, I'm going to kick the back of your skate again,
and I'm not going to get slammed to the earth's crust this time.
I'm going to take you down.
Fucking WWF promo.
I'm not saying he should have been suspended.
I'm saying when I saw the hit, I thought it was a possibility he would be.
Of course you did.
Well, you know, I mean, the the optics of it i thought he might have been
i'm not saying oh you got to be suspended it was like i might get suspended for that
that's all time hockey but yeah uh the las vegas review journals david
shen shown i'm sorry if i mispronounced that uh he was the one who said he wouldn't be facing
supplemental discipline and per coyote's reporter craig borgan uh jordan gross has a concussion and
knee injury uh presumably as a result.
His leg got caught on her knee.
Oh, I didn't know that.
That's a double whammy.
That sucks.
Yeah.
And listen, I'm just trying not to be too biased about the whole thing.
Now, I will say, obviously, if I was on the ice and I played for the Coyotes,
I probably would have tried to address the situation in game and nothing
happened yeah and no no i mean mind you i you know we all know that revo's probably at the top
of the game right yeah that's a tough guy to be like oh shit i gotta go do something but you gotta
sometimes clayton keller if that's the case it's like like, yeah. They should do a handicap match. Clayton Keller and Connick Allen versus Revo.
Oh, WWF.
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Imagine seeing them all three squared off,
and they're trying to figure out where to attack them from.
One positive thing going on for the Coyotes right now,
this bunting kid who got called up.
He had a hat trick.
Yeah, he had a hat trick the other night.
He's been playing hard
just a scrappy fella he was uh he was on the roadrunners when um we this is when i was playing
for the ontario rain and christian fisher was playing in the american league at the time and he
uh he was an all-star i believe i think he had 30 tucks that year and we just had this massive
feud going on where we you know we would like spear each other.
I think I bit, what's his name?
One of their players, I bit his finger during a game.
And I ended up assisting on a goal.
I went by their bench and kind of was like, yeah, fuck you guys.
And we ended up going into overtime and Christian Fisher scored the OT winner
and he skated by and he like shot the bow and arrow at our
bench. No, he didn't. Oh, yeah.
Oh, fuck, dude. We all got out.
Like we almost had a line brawl
on the ice, but Bunting was on
that team at the time and he was one of those
pieces of shit to play against. Just
always yapping, always.
And he's, you know, he played 300
games in the American League and now he's
finally got a chance. Finally got his chance.
He's tearing it up.
Even when he got called up, I think he played one game for the Coyotes a couple years ago.
He scored in his first game against Boston.
And then I think he's got, what, five or six goals in his six or seven games up so far.
So it's a nice chance.
Yeah, a little diamond in the rough action for the Coyotes.
But yeah, just a pest to play against.
All right. College, Frozen Four
finished up this weekend.
Not Zoom-ass, New-mass.
They won the national championship after
absolutely dominating St. Cloud
State, 5-0. They finished
with a 25-4 record.
It was the fewest losses for a national championship
since
Maine back in 92, 93.
And Junior Bobby Triviano was named the tournament's most outstanding player.
And we were lucky and blessed enough to get their head coach,
Greg Carvell, to join us on this week's episode.
So time to send it over to him.
But first, our buddy Whit has a word from one of our sponsors.
Yep.
Before we get over to a national champion head coach,
we need to talk about Peter Millar.
Guys, this crown sport performance line coming out spring 21 is so good.
You see guys on tour, Harris English, Lee Westwood, Kevin Kisner rocking it.
It is like it's a classic fit, but it's new, comfortable clothes.
They're always working to improve their product.
Peter Millar is the best.
We're constantly wearing them in the sandbag. We love all their gear and they're launching a new
style this summer. It's the solar cool quarter zip. It's lightweight mid-layer built with a
revolutionary fabric that reflects the infrared rays of the sun, crepuscular rays they should
have wrote, and the hyper light Apollo, which brings fresh style to the peter millar sneaker lineup delivering incredible comfort and dynamic design for
off-course wear so browse the entire new spring peter millar crown sport collection today at
peter millar.com slash chiclets and receive free shipping and a complimentary gift with the purchase
so you see you see all the guys wearing it it's best stuff on tour. It's the best stuff for you.
PeterMillard.com slash Chicklets.
And now to Greg Carvell.
It's a pleasure to bring on our next guest.
Five years ago, he took over as head coach at UMass Amherst
and won five games his first season.
Well, Saturday night in Pittsburgh,
he led the Minutemen to their first ever NCAA title
with a 5-0 victory over St. Cloud State.
Thanks a bunch for joining us on the Spit and Chip Podcast.
Greg Carvell, congrats on the title, my friend.
Thank you very much. Great to be here. Thanks for having me.
Absolutely. So what are you doing to celebrate?
Trying to keep our players on the team.
When you win, they all want to leave and move on.
So we're having a lot of conversations today with the agents and teams but we celebrated saturday night in fashion and uh catching up on sleep now too
i caught word that uh you're you're like the nick saban of college coaches in hockey you're
pretty you're a pretty intense guy is that is there any truth to that that's a very fair statement
yeah i'm pretty hard on our guys but they if you balance it with caring about them, they, they'll, they appreciate it.
So you're doing Russian training camps basically is what you're saying.
They go over to Moscow for campus in the fall.
Ivan Drago.
Might be the next step for us.
Such a tough balance going into the final four.
You get news that I think it was four players,
including your starting goalie and then a top-line forward
who couldn't play because of COVID.
I can't imagine how hard it was for you to have to tell those guys
or for them to hear they weren't going to be able to go
and then how much it meant to the team to get a win
so they'd be able to be playing in the national title game Saturday night.
Yeah, that was pretty crushing.
We were playing really well.
We hadn't lost the game since january
and then when one of one of our one player tested positive and then he lived with three other guys
so those guys were all quarantined for a week and one of them happened to be our starting goalie who
had the best stats in the country and the other one was uh our leading goal scorer um but our
teams did really well this year because of defense. We were second in the country in defense.
So I knew we had a tough battle against Duluth.
They knocked, they beat us pretty cleanly
in the national championship game two years ago.
I wasn't that worried.
We have a deep team and I knew we'd still play a tight game against them.
And what's interesting to me is you win the semifinal game
and you went right back to the goalie who wasn't able to play in the semis.
It's like, did you think at all about riding the goalie that had won you you went right back to the goalie who wasn't able to play in the semis.
It's like, did you think at all about riding the goalie that had won you the game to get to the national title game, or is no doubt you're going back
to your number one guy?
Well, we were pretty sure we were going to go back to the number one guy
just because his stat, he had almost a 9.50 save percentage.
Again, he hadn't lost a game in forever.
Our other goalie, who was also an excellent goalie,
but he hadn't played since January.
So we were going to go back to him most likely if he was available.
Coach, your only scare in the first three games is going OT with Minnesota-Duluth.
You know, quite a scare, I'd say.
But did that give the team a little push going into the title game,
kind of like, all right, we don't want to be in this position again?
Yeah, playing two years earlier against Duluth was a a wake-up call for us we learned a lot
we had beaten Denver in overtime late on the semi-final game and we enjoyed it a little too
much and I think we weren't prepared for the and we got steamrolled against Duluth in the
championship game so we learned a lot two years ago you see it a lot you guys know in the NHL
teams have to get to the finals before they they eventually win and you learn you learn a lot along the way and we learned our lesson against
Duluth and we're lucky to jump by them and so we were ready to go against the same club I mean the
the boys come out all fired up did you do anything different with your pre-game speech did you mix it
up or did you just kind of keep everything status quo no consistency is the key to everything
all right saving right there
so so are you a big rah-rah guy in the locker room where you just kind of put up you know No, consistency is the key to everything. That's saving right there.
So are you a big rah-rah guy in the locker room where you just kind of put up what you've studied on the wall
and that's pretty much it?
We don't put anything on the walls.
I'm intense.
You talked about it earlier.
I'm quite intense, and I draw on that when we need to.
But it's all about holding these kids to high
standards and the consistency of playing at that standard and i think that's where we're a really
good team is uh game in game out our kids compete hard and then we we live off uh you know uh will
beat skill most of the time and that's what that's what our team did we high character team kids
compete their nuts off and um just do it every day every day even practice it's it's tougher it's tough grind but it's worth it
so when you get these new recruits in how long of a period before they're able to kick maybe
some of these bad habits and are there a lot with these young guys coming in yeah there's very few
that that that uh it translates pretty. We have a club here.
We call it the Big Boy Pants Club.
And kids who can't figure it out too quickly go right into the Big Boy Pants Club.
Biz, we would have lived there.
I would have been team captain.
Biz still wears pants too big for them.
That's a term we use for what you're talking about, kids who can't quite figure it out.
We joke about it.'t quite figure it out. It's, it's,
it's,
it's,
it's,
it's,
you know,
we joke about it and they usually figure it out.
And when they do,
we become a better team.
Do they have to do extra skating drills after practice?
Do they have to,
what,
what is it?
What consists of being in this club?
No,
it's just,
it's,
it's not really activity.
It's more just a communication about what you need to do.
It's,
it's basically,
you guys know what it's like to learn how to be a professional you need to do it's basically you guys know
what it's like it's learning how to be a professional how to do things the right way
how to eat right sleep right train right um just just becoming a professional and being ready for
it's a big jump from junior hockey to you know a top d1 program it's and we try to make it an
easier transition to go from here to the nhL than it is from junior to division one.
I watched you guys play a couple times this year and the kid Zach Jones just blew me away.
I think it was just broke today that he is turning pro.
But Rangers fans, they have Adam Fox from Harvard.
I don't even know if most people understand how good this kid is.
But is he a player where you looked at his play the last two years and especially this season and said you are ready to make that next step um no i he's going to be a really good
nhl player i was a little surprised that he signed i thought he needed one more year because he's not
physically a big kid and when he got to us he was a little behind the curve as far as uh physical training
and but he's grown a ton in two years as a player he was a bit of a liability defensively but he
attacked that and now we played him against top lines i thought he was a year away thought he
did another year but i've been wrong before and hope the best he is a talented player oh like he's
a disgusting player with the puck there's not a lot
of people like him and and uh two years ago you know when people were asking about kale mccarr i
said this guy skates like mcdavid and everybody got offended that i would compare mccarr to to uh
mcdavid um and then i was been comparing um jones to fox i think he's a very similar player
he's gonna he's to be very good.
And I've used your line that McCarr is the McDavid of defense.
It's true.
It was a great comparison early on by you.
Are you surprised at all by Cale's success in the NHL so far?
Not one little bit.
Not from day one. He was so dominant at our level.
And I think he made the great decision to come back for his second year.
Colorado wanted to sign him after his first year,
but he, like Jones, it was pretty clear
he wasn't physically ready.
And I think even you saw that in his first year,
I think he got hurt twice last year in his rookie year.
I think you got to be physically mature enough
to handle that grind.
But Cale was so dominant.
He just blew.
I never seen him break.
He'd get a breakaway every game at this level.
So he was ready.
And it's been fun since day one watching him.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but he committed to the head coach prior to you at UMass, right?
And then so when that coach was gone and you're coming in, he has every right to say,
all right, well, I committed to a different guy.
And I'm guessing you called him and convinced him to still come be a Minuteman.
Is that the case?
Yeah.
When I accepted the job, I said to my athletic director, yeah, I want to come to UMass.
Before I got that out of my mouth, he said, you need to call Kale McCarr.
And I, you know, I was a head coach at another school before.
And so I didn't really know who Kale was.
And I found out quickly
and so i called his dad i believe first gary mccarr who's been uh who's outstanding like
kale is a great player because his father has his head on straight like they're all about
their principled true to their word high high quality high quality people. And I think what really convinced them was that, you know,
my NHL experience having worked, you know, 10 years in NHL, you know,
I just, you know,
coached Jared Carlson as an 18 and 19 year old and Chara and I'd worked with
quality players. And so I think that was a real comfort.
And they spoke to people in hockey Canada who knew me.
So that was the NHL background is what kept him at UMass.
Obviously, when they fired the coach here, every school in the country was on him.
But they're quality people, and they trusted me and the staff that we had assembled.
So lucky for us because he really helped us take off.
That first phone call, he confirmed that he was still going to follow through and come,
or did it take some chiseling?
I talked to the dad, and then I talked to Cale, and I think that was about it.
It happened pretty quickly.
And he obviously wasn't one of those guys who came in that you had to teach every single little thing.
He was there to get better, one-way street, and as you said, very good head on his shoulders.
Yeah, unbelievable kid. So easy to coach.
And as a coach,
you love kids that when you're, you're drawn up drills or you're,
you're going to, you want to use a drill for a certain purpose.
Like he understands why, like he understands how every drill works.
And it got to the point where, you know, I would bounce things off.
And even as a, you know, a young player, as a freshman.
He just had his head for the game and his focus on the ice.
I tell you, it was so much fun watching him practice for two years.
And I, like, I took every, I never took it for granted.
Like, watching him skate and snap the puck around.
And it was, you know, when you've worked at the NHL level and you're like,
I rarely saw this in the nhl like it's i took i appreciated just watching him practice every day
i'm friends with uh your assistant coach ben bar who's done a great job at a bunch of different
schools really happy for him to get a national title he mentioned as well like this kid in
practice was the sickest joke you've ever seen. Yeah. Yeah.
Benny, Benny's brought a lot of good players to this team.
He can't, can't take credit for this one.
You mentioned you came over from pro.
I think you spent some time in Anaheim.
I forget where else,
but do you like the fact in college that you have more control over the
entire team as far as even recruiting from,
I mean, does anyone even come to you with any type of information
that you have to imply?
I do.
As you guys know, in the NHL, it doesn't matter how well you,
especially for a coach, it doesn't matter how well you do your job.
You know, they change the GM or ownership, you're probably done.
And that was tough.
I was an assistant in Ottawa for seven years,
and I worked under four different head coaches.
And that's tough.
The instability is sometimes tough to deal with.
I really enjoy coaching at this level because you can instill culture.
And nobody's getting traded.
Nobody's getting sent down.
You can really invest in a kid, and they can learn to trust you.
And that's where I think development really starts to take off when you can
get to that level of trust and honest communication. And as I said,
we really hold kids to high standards here.
Two years ago, after we lost in the national championship game,
it was announced that we had the highest GPA of any team on campus.
And so that was just an example of,
of how we hold our guys really high standards. And that really leads to development.
I want to go back to the playoff run real quick.
After the East regional, I think it was against Bemidji.
You guys won four, nothing.
There's that viral picture of you like sprinting down the ice.
What is the backstory behind all that?
The backstory is when we have a tradition,
if you win a playoff series to move to a higher round, we call it,
we do something called link it up. We get the center ice, we link arms.
And just we do it at the beginning of the year.
And the goal is to be able to do it a few times at the end of the year.
And so it's, it's, it means a lot.
And they asked me to do an interview and Bucci and Melrose were going on and on.
And I was like, I got to go like, I'm not missing the link up.
We wait all year to do this.
And so, uh, you know, I mocked it up a little bit by getting the arms going and sprinting
across the ice, but I got some pretty good speed there.
I had to go on at a pretty good level, but you guys know we live on the ice.
And so we're not that afraid of sprint and across.
I knew the guys would catch me too.
Greg, I want to ask you, you got the lead in the game.
You never let it go five, nothing in the third period.
At what point did you allow yourself to recognize that you were going to win
the championship?
Did you have to wait for the, all the zeros or did you a couple minutes left?
Say, oh shit, we got this.
Well, it was four nothing after two and we're a pretty good defensive team,
so I figured we were in a pretty good place.
I think about 10 minutes.
It was 5-0 with 10 minutes to go.
Obviously, by that time, it was obvious.
And then the last time out, I think it was about three and a half minutes left.
It occurred to me, usually it's TV timeout.
You'll say a few
things to the players but i called them all in really tight and just asked them to well i knew
it was the only chance i was going to get their full attention before trophies were handed out
and i just wanted to thank them for all the sacrifices they made and to really soak it in
because uh at my age you realize that it's probably going to be the best moment of their
life uh from almost all of them and uh i wanted it to ring true for them it was ringing true for me
i i i coached in two stanley cup finals and lost both of them uh so this was my stanley cup and i
know how much when you don't win them, you carry that baggage with you.
And now I can kind of,
I got new luggage to carry with me the rest of the way.
Well, it's quite an honor to become a national champ.
And I'm curious, you said you were in Ottawa
and after seven years there, you go back to St. Lawrence
and you played for your former coach, Joe Marsh.
And right after that, you took over as head coach.
Was that kind of the plan all along?
Listen, I'm not going to be head coach much longer and you'll take over?
No.
Really?
No.
Joe's a legend, a college hockey legend, and Jackie Parker.
They're actually very good friends.
I got fired in Ottawa and a couple of jobs didn't come through.
And Joe had kept a spot on me and his
staff. And so I went back to be his assistant and it was always my goal.
I'd love to be in the NHL, but again, the instability,
I was kind of trying to build my resume so I could go back and be a head coach
at this level. And Joe held a position as an assistant for a while.
He lost his assistant and then he got very, and he had to take a year off.
And so I served as kind of a co-coach or interim coach for that year.
And then after that year, he just decided to retire for health reasons,
and I took over.
Greg, when did you know you wanted to be a coach?
Yeah.
When Brian Murray asked me if I wanted to switch and work on the coaching staff with Mike Babcock in Anaheim, I hadn't really been a coach.
I never had a long term plan. I just, you know, work hard.
And the next thing that opens up, make smart decisions. And I was in hockey operations.
I worked for the islanders american league team
in lowell for a couple years and then i moved on to anaheim i was a hockey uh scouting coordinator
and i didn't know if this would come up because i listened to you guys a lot but my job as scouting
coordinator was to find college free agents and one of the guys we found was chris kunitz
and i know that's a trigger warning interview. Let's wrap it up.
It's fucking pouring rain in Milton,
Massachusetts right now. I just get a Kunitz
bomb dropped on me by a national champion.
I knew
that one. I know that's a trigger on the show.
How the hell
was he a free agent anyways? Who the fuck
passed up on him? Talk about a butterfly effect.
Yeah.
I went to watch him play at Ferris and he was just flying around the ice,
scoring goals.
It's like,
and crushing people to crushing people.
It was like,
how does this kid get this far?
Nobody really knows about,
but he was a,
he's a good kid.
And I know I got sidetracked there,
but I was,
as a scouting coordinator,
Brian Murray came in and became the GM,
and he asked me if I wanted to be the video coach.
So Mike Babcock took me on, and that's where I started my coaching career, really.
And I learned a ton from Mike.
Mike was the most  he taught me how important preparation was and intensity.
Like, when you practice i think
as a coach that's it's really important that you you step on the ice and you lead the your intensity
has to lead the practice and that's one thing i took from mike um and then i went from i just
took off from there i was very fortunate uh brian murray's was a great man that i loved working for
i had 10 years with him but um my coaching style is a bit of Joe Marsh, a bit of Mike Babcock,
a bit of Brian Murray.
And when you say, you know, you got to go back to St. Lawrence
to become the head coach, you played there, your alma mater,
was it tough to move on to UMass?
I mean, I don't know the difference in pay.
I know Hockey East is a little bit stronger.
But what was it like for you to say, all right, I'm ready to take this next step?
Like, UMass sounds great.
It was really tough. I mean, we're all pretty loyal people and I loved it.
St. Lawrence actually grew up in that area.
So I was kind of like the hometown boy. I grew up there. I played there.
I coached there. So I thought I was going to be there forever.
And UMass came to me and there's just something about it.
I just felt like it was going to give me a better opportunity
to win a national championship.
I wouldn't have admitted that to many people,
but now that it's transpired, it really was the crux of the decision.
I had a few people that I really trusted say,
you can win at UMass.
They'd been stuck in last place for a couple of years.
I know the reputation of the program wasn't, wasn't very good,
but enough people said, Carvey, the resources are there to do it.
And one of the resources was the AD and he really sold me on that fact.
We have a lot of Canadian listeners who may not know how kind of shocking it
was to see how good UMass is now,
but for a kid who grew up here and BU and BC getting the top Massachusetts
players for the most part.
How did you approach that when you got there in terms of,
all right, well, we're battling, kind of battling uphill
to get the best players from around here.
I'm going to look elsewhere, USHL, et cetera,
to find the best players I can.
Yeah, we were the University of Massachusetts.
We did not have one Massachusetts kid in our lineup
when we won the championship.
We're still, you know, the kids in Eastern Mass,
they want to be at the Beanpot schools, and we understand that.
We want kids who want to be part of this culture,
and that's what we've done a good job at is finding kids
who feel what we do here.
And we get a lot of kids that kind of flew under the radar,
have always been too
smaller you know not we don't have any kids that played in the world or in the national junior
program and until recently we really didn't have many draft picks that's starting to change
I'm guessing we'll start to get Massachusetts kids but ultimately we're very honest about how
we do things and we want kids who want to be here you should get the AD to to buy a couple of ad reads for the Canadian kids north of the border for this.
Maybe we'll get you a couple more recruits, get you a couple of swipe ups, Biz20 promo codes.
Hey, going back to Makar, so we heard this story, I believe, after his first year with you guys, he was asked to play on the Olympic team.
And I know that there was conversations between him and his father, and I want to say Colorado at the time.
Were you involved in those conversations
and him eventually not deciding to go to the Olympics?
Yeah, it was his freshman year, I believe.
Okay.
The first game we played, we were in Arizona State
and walking out to the ice.
And I can't remember who the big brass were,
but they're recognizable and i'm
like what the hell are they doing here and uh shortly after stay away from them i know i was
like jesus game one and uh he would have had to like leave and go to a camp and uh i don't know
he basically would have missed half of our season and We saw this a couple of times with Kale where he's so mature
that he made the right decisions for his development.
They basically wanted him to come to be a power play specialist.
And his dad understood that it was probably better for his development
to just stay in Hockey East and play against BC and BU
and all these good teams and play 25 minutes instead of playing eight minutes. But yeah,
that was kind of from day one we had to deal with that.
And then after a stretch from your Colorado wanted to sign them as they
should, you know, he was the first number four pick.
And he just felt that he wasn't ready.
And he really trusted that the way he was being developed at UMass.
And it was to a crucial decision for him
because he goes on to be Hobie Baker,
and then he stepped right into the NHL and never looked back.
And I think that's the key.
What we try to do is we want kids that won't have to spend time
in the American League.
I mean, you guys know it's  I don't think it's as glamorous
as kids think it is, the NHL is, but we want our kids prepared so they can step right into the NHL.
Quick story.
I remember when I left BU, went to the AHL that season.
We made a run to the College Cup Finals in Wilkes-Barre,
but as you say, it was like, oh, my God, this is like subs on the bus.
Like this isn't exactly  college hockey was almost bigger,
and there's more action, and you feel more alive playing those games than in the AHL,
and a lot of people don't realize that.
It's a good point.
Yeah.
I mean, for those of us who've seen both sides of it,
I just wish kids would listen more.
You know, they got agents telling them what they want to hear,
and agents want them to sign pro, so they start making money off of them.
But as you know, college hockey, it's awesome.
And it doesn't really get any better.
And I can't tell you how many times I sat in an NHL locker room
listening to college  having conversations,
watching the major junior kids look with awe like,
God, man, I wish I would have done that.
And then all these uh major
junior kids playing in the nhl are like my kids going to ncaa route and then mark recce mark
recce saying that to me he's like yeah that's where my kids going if he can yeah the ncaa kids
were like i wish i stayed longer you know i'm in the nhl but yeah i wish i wish i stayed another
year it was so much fun so i remember ryan sh So I remember Ryan Shannon said, what did he say?
He said, there's only one bad thing about college hockey.
It only lasted four years.
I thought that was a pretty good statement.
Well, you ended up playing four years at St. Lawrence.
And in the midst of that, you were drafted in the supplementary draft by the Penguins.
Now, I forget what that even was at that time.
No offense. No, you should should there's no reason to remember it was a draft for the kids who kind of fell through and kind of developed later it was for like 20 year olds so it was all u.s college
kids and uh i i was drafted because uh mostly through Maguire and Scotty Bowman.
Pierre recruited me to St. Lawrence,
and then he went on with Scotty Bowman in Pittsburgh.
So I know Scotty pretty well and Pierre really well,
and they know me as a player.
So that supplemental draft was just kind of like taking flyers on kids.
But I am a penguin in a small degree.
Greg, you got another outstanding recruiting tool this weekend.
But outside of the hockey, what else do you sell players on
to get them to Amherst?
All right, you've partied there.
Once or twice.
It's a fucking blast.
I didn't go there, but.
So kind of off topic, but when we we got here we were trying to recruit uh we were after
we were going after a kid from massachusetts and it was down between us and the university of maine
and we're like okay we should be able to get this kid and we didn't he chose maine over
the university of massachusetts and and again this is our first year early on and so I I spoke to the I can't
remember it was the kid or the advisor or the parents and and the comment was we don't want
our kid going to zoom ass and I was like oh my god this is our battle we we have to battle
it's too fun no yeah I don't want my kid having too much fun. So I was pissed.
And I went in to talk to the team.
And, you know, we talked about my intensity.
And I walked in.
I was pissed off.
And I said, we're not Zoom asks anymore.
We're going to be Noom asks.
And I don't know where I came up with it.
It just kind of split second. And I went over and i wrote it on the board and it stole
there from it hasn't been erased and it kind of became our hashtag uh we needed to change the
reputation of the program and the university is going through great transformation like these
public schools are getting more appealing because of the cost of private education and we have a
great chancellor and a great AD and that school's in
great. And the school's kind of taken on this new mass
slogan as well to try to get around the zoo mass. But believe me,
there's still a lot of zoo here out in the Western.
I'm glad you didn't go to dry Island.
Cause that hasn't really worked out in the past.
I like that. Like that ring a lot better.
You know, you bring up a good point that I haven't talked to many college coaches
about this, but you talk about that kid who didn't come
and you're talking to his advisor.
Do you do at all any dealing with advisors calling you
if their client isn't playing enough?
Or are you saying, don't even think about calling me.
You don't deal with any of that bullshit.
Well, I'm very lucky that your pal benny bar my my assistant jared and michael my two assistants they're outstanding and so they deal with all the advisors yeah okay and and just
so you know that kid that went chose humane over us two years later he called us mass if you could
come and come back and we was like we're way, buddy. No way. This is new mass, bud.
Well, Greg, I mean, this has been an awesome chat with you.
And seriously, from playing at BU and remembering UMass
when Tuka Hoon was there, and they had some good teams,
but overall it was a struggle.
And to see where you guys have come, I'm really happy for you and the school.
And I think it's just the beginning of what's going to go on there.
So congratulations.
Appreciate it, bud.
Thanks for having me.
Of course.
Can I experience new mass when I come? Yeah, we're coming, man. Come on, coach. on there so congratulations appreciate it but thanks for having me of course can i experience
zoom ass when i come yeah we're coming man come on coach he's gonna make sure they're on the road
when we're there just wait for colvin to get past when when it's really the zoo here get the full
effect you should see the asu recruiting tools you guys might be fucked in a couple years buddy
i know it's gonna be tough to compete with that.
All right.
Well, thank you so much.
And congratulations, man.
That trophy looks unreal.
And enjoy the celebration with you and the guys.
We will.
It's been well learned.
We appreciate it.
Thanks.
Thank you, coach.
And congrats once again.
Get it again next year.
Thanks.
All right.
Huge thanks to Greg Carvel for coming on with us, man.
Great interview.
Awesome dude.
Congrats to him once again.
Such an accomplishment to take on a team that was, I mean,
basically the bottom of the conference five-win team
and their national champions now.
It's just a great story.
And UMass is on to bigger and better things,
and we're happy to see it as mass holes, Whit.
Imagine the discipline you have to have to be a college coach with.
Oh, you just got to put on an act like the meanest guy ever daily.
You got to scare the shit out of kids for a living.
You want to talk about discipline?
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer.
But thinking about trade deadlines and cap relief and fucking conditional
trades and whatnot, they doesn't work not at all the folks at roman and online men's health company they're changing
the game what roman swipes the secret to longer lasting sex roman swipes are a clinically proven
way to last longer in bed they're effective easy to use and fast acting the best part they do not
require a prescription roman can ship swipes to you in discreet unmarked
packaging and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it
super easy to use you just take the swipes out of the packet swipe it on let it dry and you get to
get to get to go that's it go to get romancom slash chicklets. You get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Trust me, boys.
Stuff works.
So I heard.
Who's changed the sex game more, New Mass or Roman Swipes?
Roman Swipes.
That's what I read in the internet.
No, all kidding aside, guys, no shame in that game.
Check them out if you need them.
They do the trick, and they can actually recalibrate your system too.
Hey, you know, you got to do what you got to do sometimes.
Like it's a fucking Ferrari or something.
I got to do what I got to do to get the union back.
All right, what else do we got here, Ari?
The Masters.
That's why we hire the big bucks.
Oh, my God. Hideki Mats got here, R.A.? The Masters. That's why we hire him. Oh, my God. With the big bucks. Oh, my God.
Hideki Matsuyama, guys.
I was so happy for him.
When he walked off the green, unreal camera work by CBS.
They had this camera this weekend, maybe all tournament,
that I didn't remember in the NFL.
My buddy told me they used in the NFL, where everything else is blurred out
except for like what they're looking at.
So they're following golfers walking off the tee
and it's just a cool picture.
Well, that camera followed him on the long walk
from the 18th green to the scoring tent.
And you could just see like, I think he's, you know,
he's tearing up realizing like to have the pressure
that that guy's had on him since he turned pro,
the entire nation of Japan has been following this guy every step of the way, every tournament he goes to,
there's five or six reporters that he's talking to. And it's just amazing to see what he's done.
And he was low amateur there in 2011. And 10 years later, you see him finally get it done
and become the first men's major champion from the country of japan i was so genuinely happy for him and i don't know the tournament overall i don't
think it was the most exciting masters i thought the weekend was a little bit boring but the the
clinic that he put on and it was after the rain delay saturday he went off i think he birdied six
of his final eight holes shot 65 it was the only bogey free round
of the tournament. And he deserved that when he took it over. And people have questioned his
putting forever because this guy is a ball striking machine. From tee to green, he hits the
fairway, he hits the green, and he's so good and hitting it so close that for sure he makes birdies,
but he still does not putt well. This weekend, the putting came together and you saw a deserving
champion that is
truly going to change the game of golf in japan i was reading things before the final round that
said this could end up making him a billion dollars and i don't know how accurate it was
but i know other people saw it because it was on the discussion on espn or golf channel wherever
it was and becoming the michael jordan of japan and i think that's awesome i know and like i just
i just like the master seems like the nicest guy oh he seems like the nicest guy and i actually
read stuff that i played i played with or i came for donor at the waste management and donor was
paired with this guy and i'd never seen yeah i watched him golf like you know 10 feet away this
guy would he would he always delays at the top in his right glute
because he's a righty, right?
His right glute, he would just cock into that glute
and then the ball would just, he would cork it every time.
He got rid of the pause.
He did.
Yeah, he got rid of the pause.
Now it's a little more fluid.
But what's crazy about Japanapan and like golf is that
all those people not all those but most of the people in japan they learn golf at a driving
range so they have these huge multi-level places that are kind of like top golf enormous enormous
five six levels with 15 20 across just an unreal amount of people. And I think that if you look at like
how you learn the game of golf here, which is playing golf for the most part and being on the
course, that's why you see so many Japanese and Asian players are very robotic. Their swings are
very robotic because they learn the game on a range. So yeah, it was just a great story. And
there was a couple of cool storylines. I mean, that Zala Tis kid holy shit all right you had action on him pre-tournament right I did I had him uh 70 to one I got on him and you know I I know people
you said it wasn't the most thrilling tournament but I think there was interest the whole time
like it was never that much of a runaway we would shut it off and yeah Zalatoris man I woke I woke
up I was like hey I got a 70 to one shot got a couple bucks on i was standing to make a lot of money uh but i did also hedge myself i never usually bet uh any guys once the tournament
starts i actually did bet matsuyama on friday when he was 15 to 1 so i basically paid for all
my other props that lost uh but it was a great tournament and like you said man it was what
my favorite part was when his caddy gave the bow when he took his when he put
the the the flag in the pin on 18 took his half and gave the bow it was just it was just such a
beautiful gesture like just such a respectful thing fucking right i mean it was very it was
like a like a cry baby move but like it was a moving thing to watch man it was a cool thing
and then you know hideki himself i mean you know japanese as a culture they have a reputation being
somewhat reserved and you know you're not gonna culture, they have a reputation being somewhat reserved and, you know,
you're not going to see him running down the street naked.
And for him to like give the raised arms with the, with the big smile.
And it was like, you know, it was, it was such an awesome thing.
And, you know, it cost me money. I would have made more money,
but I wasn't, I wasn't mad. I was like, this is awesome.
It was such a, like a, a huge moment for golf.
And, and the moment was a big thing. And, and my father-in-law told me,
Japan is the second most number of golf
costs courses in the world.
Really?
You know that for a country,
for country USA is the most,
Japan is the second on the planet,
the second most number of golf courses.
And then what fucking a bunch of tiny islands in fucking the Pacific.
Like I wouldn't have a guess that,
well,
you know what the,
you know what the caddy and,
and the bow to the course,
you know,
it was the exact opposite of that is fucking clown boy.
DeChambeau last year,
November calling it a par 67.
It was truly the exact opposite of that.
It was the respect in like the passion and like Augusta national and like
that tournament.
And then him who I believe shot three over.
So that would be 20 or I don't know what he shot, but he would.
His par 67 standards.
I think he finished 25 over par.
So you just see a guy like that who I can't stand.
I've made that clear.
I respect his game, but just a goon.
Zalatoris, you mentioned what a performance.
Nobody's won the Masters their first time since Fuzzy Zeller,
I think in like 1978.
And I believe there was two people before that in the 30s.
When Ari was in college.
Yes.
To even perform like that and play like that, your first Masters,
he secured a trip next year because top 12 in the Masters and ties,
they get to go back the next year.
What else was going on?
Xander Shoffley.
Wow.
We got a little excitement on the back nine because Matsuyama on 15,
he buried his ball in the water long going for the par five and two.
He ends up making bogey.
Shoffley makes birdie.
And all of a sudden it's a one shot tournament with three holes to go.
Now this is how crazy golf is.
It's like the perfect description.
He gets up there.
This is Shoffley.
I'm talking about.
He gets up to the 16th tee.
He's just battled all the way back where he's one down,
and he has the honor.
Stuff one in there tight, and who knows what can happen.
He's birdied the last four holes in a row.
He birdied 12, 13, 14, 15.
He gets to 16.
So you can imagine he is as confident as he's ever been on a golf course, right?
Four birdies in a row.
You're one back in the Masters.
I never know. How could you be more confident than than that and he dunks it in the water no yeah and it's like he actually said he thought the wind was down off the left and he
thought he said he pured the iron i don't necessarily believe him because it was a piss
poor shot and right then matsuyama's got the one shot lead he's staring double in the face
shawley went on to make triple and hideki just ends up I think he actually bogeyed the hole too but the lead was
back to three or whatever it was and he never looked back well what I thought was ironic about
that in a way what was that we talk about the pressure a guy who's number one on Sunday and
all the pressures on him well Shoffley made those you know nice shots all of a sudden, he couldn't handle the pressure being number two.
He yanked that one shot and put it in the drink there.
I mean, it was great drama.
Again, it wasn't the best Masters ever, but if you got up and walked away,
man, I thought there was something to watch all game.
The young American, he looked
Oh, that was so smart, David Bowie.
Everybody was posting photos of how he looks like the caddy
from Happy Gilmore.
And even he's embraced it to where he had it inscribed
in one of his wedges, right?
Boom.
Exactly, Biz.
Yep.
He had it on one of his wedges.
It said, Mr. Gilmore, I'm your caddy.
And then, you know, Adam Sandler tweeted him,
and then he tweeted back at him, I'll be your caddy any day.
I mean, that shit's great because golf, you know,
sometimes can be a little stuffy with a stick up its ass.
Yeah.
That type of stuff, you know,
it makes it more approachable for the, for the casual fan.
What's crazy is he's not even a PGA tour member right now.
He's on the corn ferry tour.
I will say though, it like, I knew I wasn't going to win, you know,
late, but the fact that like, hold up the corn, the corn ferry tour.
That's a thing.
but the fact that like hold up the corn fairy tour.
That's the thing.
The corn fairy tour.
Good.
It used to be the web.com tour and it switched to the corn fairy tour.
No, it's it ain't the fucking corn fairy tour.
I'm telling you that it's going back to web.com.
The corn fairy tour.
With the corn for a tour. I think corn corn fairy is a company it has to be right
oh my goodness i'm googling along with elephant respect elephant respect level or the crate and
barrel cups coming what i you know what obviously i love hockey betting and playoffs you know what
the gambling stress level with golf it's off the charts it's right it's right up there with
hockey man like i
mean i i was screaming noon at my fucking tv for four days like every shot like you know in hockey
every shot matters in golf there's fucking 70 shots a day for four days and it's like you know
friday like oh rose is up four strokes you're shitting your pants and you know i was in it
till the last stroke but the fact that uh hideki missed that last second last putt and then
it wanted so that man i lost by one stroke it just was like an extra like you know i mean you know
but again i was so happy for the guy i you know i ended up making a couple bucks but i did put this
in the in the uh outline is having a lead in the master sunday with one of the most mentally
challenging things in sports i would say yes because the whole thought of teeing off at three o'clock is nuts i mean you're up early
first of all the night before you're sleeping on a lead to win a major and then you wake up and
say it's 8 a.m it's like i don't tee off for seven hours like what do you do you have so much nervous
energy and then you you get there and all the cameras are on you yeah i mean any major championship but the the masters no doubt
with a back nine lead and the old saying like the masters doesn't start till the back nine sunday
like so many crazy things have happened at that golf course and playing in the tournament every
guy knows what's going on you step on the 12th hole you know that kepka molinari and fina all
put in the water when Tiger won in
19. It's like, there's just so many
memories of that tournament and that course
that actually closing it out there
is, I can't imagine how incredibly difficult
it was. And Matsuyama shot one over
and it was enough, but you know he felt the
pressure out there.
Absolutely. Did you happen to catch the pictures
of him that 4Play tweeted out?
One of their listeners saw Hideki at the airport.
I saw that he's carrying around the green jacket. I would have been wearing it.
He's sitting there just like me or Grinnelli waiting for our fucking flight home from our latest road trip on his phone with the master's jacket,
like a green jacket folded over the airport chair.
It was just like it could be the last could be the last non-private flight he's ever on.
I've never been on a PJ
one of these days.
One of these days, fucking wet will spring for me.
What else?
Don't hold your breath.
I'm not.
What else we got here, boys?
I think that's any other golf notes
you got for us? DMX passed away.
Oh, shout out to DMX, that guy.
What was the name of the album I'm thinking of?
Well, he had two in 98.
The one with the red cover?
Yeah, yeah.
That album.
He had two in 98 that went platinum, I believe.
So he owned the rap game in the late 90s
and definitely a very, oh, man,
he'll go down as a legend in the late 90s and uh definitely a very um oh man he's he'll go down as a legend in the
rap game when tyson came out to his song i don't know who he was fighting that was like this is
the perfect song for mike tyson to get ready to kill someone in the ring yeah you know obviously
i'm not i'm not not a rap fan i'm an old school rap fan i'm just not a like i said before i'm not
a music fan since i've been an old guy.
So I've heard a few of his songs. I can't say I'm saying I'm a DMX fan,
whatever,
but I'll tell you what I was like touched by in the last few days when he
passes all the stories that came out about him,
that people were putting on Twitter and how much of a genuinely nice guy he
was. Like he would, you know,
be in a food fucking grocery store line and someone would be, you know,
he'd pay for their groceries. He was just he went he was like friendly with everybody a nice
guy and actually i don't know he had substance abuse problems unfortunately and it was my cousin
was actually his counselor years back i never met him and i don't second because i don't talk too
often but you know i always kind of like thought you know thought about the guy and i was just so
heartbreak and i'd you know he seemed like such a genuinely nice guy and he just you know couldn't
fucking couldn't get over that you can go over his problems man and it's like you know it's just a
such a human thing you just you're just sad that somebody dies from that way man that they're just
troubled and have that trauma and can't get over it man i saw a twitter thread where he met a woman
on on a flight and
he ended up like talking to her and her daughter was there and he was like telling all about his
family and and then like after they took pictures yeah the woman had like a long thread basically
yeah he sounded like such a nice guy yeah that it's true so many things like that that's i didn't
know a lot about him other you know his hit songs or whatever but you read these things and you
you know you realize and you realize there was
a lot to that guy and it's just
a sad story, man.
I saw Shaq. You see Shaq
pay for that guy's wedding van
he was buying? Shaq's the man.
Yeah, yeah. Shaq is... If anyone didn't see,
he's in a jewelry store and he sees some guy.
I don't know how it went down. He saw a guy buying
an engagement ring. He's like, I got that.
Just took care of him.
Throw it on the tab. He's like, I got that. Just took care of him. Throw it on the tab.
He's like, I'll take care of that for you.
R.A. impression.
Late in the episode. When's the last time we got one of those?
A Shaq impression. That was pretty good, R.A.
Thank you, buddy. Better than your Sean Connery.
Roaches whine about trying their best.
Winners go home and fuck the prom corner.
Six out of ten.
All right. It was that. Fuck you. prom corner. Yeah, six out of ten.
All right, was that?
Fuck you.
All right, hey, boys, if you're a business owner who's hiring,
you probably face a lot of challenges when it comes to finding the right person for your role.
Not enough applicants, too many resumes.
That's why hiring can feel like trying to find a needle in a haystack.
Sure, you can post your job to some job board, but then all you can do is hope the right person comes along,
Sure, you can post your job to some job board, but then all you can do is hope the right person comes along,
which is why you should try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
When you post a job on ZipRecruiter, it gets sent out to over 100 top job sites with one click.
Then ZipRecruiter's matching technology finds people with the right skills and experience for your job and actively invites them to apply.
right skills and experience for your job and actively invites them to apply.
In fact, ZipRecruiter's technology is so effective that four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day.
It's no wonder that over 2.3 million businesses have come to ZipRecruiter
for their hiring needs.
So while other companies overwhelm you with way too many options,
ZipRecruiter finds what you're looking for, the needle in the haystack.
And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at this web address,
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Once again, remember to go to this unique place,
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire check that
stuff out they're great at what they do all right now we go to the pop culture portion of the
episode biz um i was talking about it's called it's dark and hell is hot is the one with the red cover. Yes. He had two big ones.
Okay.
Biz, I mentioned to you a little while ago,
the BAFTAs, which are the
English-British equivalent of the
Oscars, they
awarded their trophies the other night.
My octopus
teach you on the best documentary
for the BAFTAs.
At the AVNs.
Troy McClure.
Ted Lasso in this Octopus
documentary, you think that you've helped
push these people to the top?
No, I'm not saying that at all.
Maybe Ted Lasso.
I think deep down he does
believe it. Same way he named the
Vegas Golden Knights mascot.
That's obvious but no i
i didn't push these guys to a world level i think i i think i've definitely given ted lasso a bump
i mean there's probably a few hundred people who watch the show because of me why you how
that's a bump that's a big bump 200 200 people with what do you know what do you think how many
people you think watch ted lasso biz because of? I think thousands have watched it because of you.
That's even better.
Then that's even more than I thought.
Well, it depends on, I mean, how many views has the show had overall?
I'd like to see.
I mean, obviously we can't fucking count it technically, but I mean,
I get enough replies and that's not just like, oh, I watched it was good.
People fucking love that.
That's true.
They really do.
Crosby loved it.
Yeah.
You posted something about all the everybody was
talking about tiger king tiger king tiger king crosby being the legend he is talked about ted
lasso yeah maybe i mean i don't i didn't see where you heard it from maybe someone else told
him but either way but we're not here to talk about we're not here to talk about ted lasso
tonight my octopus teacher dude i don. You guys have to watch this.
Listen, my old man and my brother,
they don't listen to every movie I tell them to watch.
They both watched it, and they were like,
holy fuck, dude, I can't believe that movie.
How long is it?
Not crazy long.
I'll pull it up while I'm yapping here.
It's on Netflix.
Less than two hours.
Here we go.
Fucking runtime here.
Bada bing, bada bang. Yeah, it's on yeah it's on uh netflix i think less than two hours here we go fucking runtime here bada bing bada bang um yeah it's it's it's on netflix it's probably an hour and a half two hours and it's it you know it sounds like one of those like what are you crazy because i was like
my octopus teacher what the fucking kind of name of that for a documentary and i put it on
and you get sucked in it's just it's this unbelievable tale this guy he's just kind of
having a like crisis in life with some shit going on.
He lives in South Africa and he
dives. He does not snorkel, not
scuba, snorkel dives among this
kelp forest and he meets this octopus
and he becomes pals
with it. It's this crazy thing
and the scenery is unreal, the cinematography,
but the movie, you watch it and you get
caught up in it. This fucking
scene animal, you become invested in. The fact that it's just one best fucking documentary. I'm, you watch it and you get caught up in it. Like this fucking scene in a movie, you become invested in.
And the fact that it's just one best fucking documentary.
I'm going to watch it, Whit.
I'm on board.
It's nominated for an Oscar, dude.
I wouldn't press it this hard if I didn't think people should watch it.
It touches you on a level that you didn't realize was there, man.
Like a man nature thing.
And it's very different.
I think people would really fucking enjoy it.
Biz, what's the documentary you mentioned?
Quincy Jones documentary called Quincy.
It's incredible.
I didn't realize how many people in the music industry this guy touched.
He fucked them all too.
Apparently he was a bit of a ladies man.
I will say the documentary was done by his daughter.
So it didn't really touch on the areas that RA just referred to,
but his talent wit and how he understood music and how he was able to,
to bounce around and help so many different artists. It's, it's gnarly.
You know why now all of them, like all the OGs,
just like look at them as he's like the OG. So check it out.
I don't think it's too long either
no but definitely a ladies man that's for sure absolutely um well he's still alive he did he
did mj's two biggest albums about sticking did he really throw it off the wall oh my god 80 grammy
award nominations 80 yeah i think i thought it was 79, but maybe that's changed.
Yeah.
Didn't he do?
Oh, and he did Fresh Prince of Bel-Air?
Did Fresh.
And that's like another little like, oh, that was just like a side project thing.
He has done so much in everything.
So Frank Sinatra was the one who completely changed everything for him.
Right? Did you watch it? All right. I did.
And the fact of the time with that,
that they were forced to stay in motels whenever they were on the road and
Frank said, no, no, they're going to stay wherever we stay.
Wow.
His middle name was the light. He was aces. What a middle name.
And, uh, and he,
he also helped Frank Frank Sinatra out a lot towards the end of his career, too.
So, folks, you definitely got to watch it.
Just take the butcher's word for it.
In that same vein, Biz's musical documentaries, there's one called Hitsville.
It's the making of Motown.
It's like the history of Motown.
I think it's on Showtime or Showtime's On Demand.
Fantastic. If you're a Motown guy, I mean, I know half the audience probably is like, what the history of Motown. I think it's on Showtime or Showtime's On Demand. Fantastic.
If you're a Motown guy, I mean, I know half the audience probably is like,
what the fuck is Motown?
But Motown music is iconic in American history.
It's a fantastic documentary about the whole history of it.
And also, it's one called If You Don't Know Me By Now.
It's the Teddy Pendergrass story.
You guys know who Teddy Pendergrass is? You guys know Teddy Pendergrass is no.
All right.
He,
you ever hear Harold,
Harry,
Harold Melvin and the blue notes.
Nope.
All right.
They had a bunch of awesome tunes in the seventies.
And this guy,
Teddy Pendergrass,
Pendergrass,
one of the greatest voices ever.
He was the lead singer of the Harold Melvin,
the blue notes.
Ironically,
Harold Melvin was a dirt bag and try to make it look like he was the
lead singer.
And this guy, he was the biggest sex symbol in the seventies. Like, melvin was a dirtbag and trying to make it look like he was the lead singer and this guy he was the biggest sex symbol in the 70s like and he was a star and then all
of a sudden he got in a car accident and fucking got paralyzed then his life did a whole fucking
shift it's honestly like even if you don't know one song of this guy or you've never heard of it
whatever this documentary man it's unbelievable i think if you guys if you don't know me by now
i gotta look at the fucking i'm drawing a blank on it i got some research i gotta do i gotta do some watching here the octopus one
it's not getting through to me what you're saying but i think i like have to i mean you said it
touched you on a level you've never been touched before i've never been touched before it touches
you on the level that you didn't know that might not have been there because you're like like the
last time i was entertained by a guy interacting with a seed creature was fucking troy mcclure on the
simpsons 30 years ago this is different man it's just like i because i was skeptical going in
and it's like the more you watch it because you're like this guy's a wacko and they're like oh man
you just like get sucked into it and i'm like i do i want to spend two hours with the octopus
or watching the the gif of the elephant with a huge cock for two no man no i'm like uh do i want to spend two hours with the octopus or watching the the gif of the
elephant with a huge cock for two no man no i'm telling you and not only is it like on that level
but do i want to stare at this guy's cannon cock because how do i want to watch this two-hour doc
but how i've told the elephant cock how smart and like creative like how how they survive in
the wild dude yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
Oh, here it is.
Teddy Pendergrass, if you don't know him, he came out in 2018.
It's in the Showtime family of docs.
Yeah, he was the singer for Harold Mellon on the Blue Notes.
I'm fucking blanking on how many great songs he had.
But yeah, check that out, the Motown one.
I think that's it.
Any other fucking shit you guys want to talk about?
Well, if we're talking about watching stuff,
you have the Pink Whitney mini golf video dropping on Thursday. You absolutely can watch and it will be a pleasure for you.
And we have the behind the scenes video of the Pink Whitney Cup.
It's kind of we had Pasha fall around biz, fall around R.A.,
fall around myself.
So Chair McGuire.
Yes.
That's the people were calling R.A.
All right.
You were good at that.
You were really good
all right that was a natural what if ra left us for nbc that was doing sideline reporting
they do drug tests he went to christopher colinas high school back in 1982 he's uh
yeah no honestly boys i had no idea what i was doing that day until I showed up. That's what I would say. Yeah. But it was a blast.
I,
the pink Whitney cup.
We obviously the results have come out.
That was so much fun doing that stuff.
Biz,
you,
I mean,
I,
well,
it was funny because you didn't hear me all day and I didn't hear you
all day.
Cause we were in different,
different things.
So it was kind of cool to go back and see how fucking funny you were
that day.
Cause you killed it.
Oh,
thank you.
I am also a pink Whitney cup champion.
I'm a ring chaser, but am a pink whitney cup champion there'll only be one first ever pink whitney cup champion and that is me that's me don't worry about it um oh gee we got some
embroidered sweatshirts uh on the in the old yeah so we're dropping some some very high quality
sweatshirts here these things are awesome they're embroidered logos we have a gray gray sweatshirts. These things are awesome. They're embroidered chiclets logos.
We have a gray gray sweatshirt with a white logo.
And we also have black sweatshirt with a pink logo for Pink Whitney.
Of course, you can find those at Barstool Sports dot com slash chiclets.
And I mean, this is this is probably my favorite sweatshirt we've ever put out.
It's so comfortable.
It's perfect for the spring.
It's 10 out of 10. That shirt is sick.
I'm reading the comments of the trailer for The Octopus Teacher.
I cried and laughed and hoped and feared watching this.
Beautiful.
The most heartwarming documentary I've ever seen.
My teenage son and I watched this last night.
Absolutely phenomenal.
I don't think I've ever cried so much during a film.
Tears of joy, heartbreak, and hope.
Wow.
This movie changed my life.
A reignited passion for wildlife
conservation.
My 76-year-old father, retired Boston
firefighter, old school guy.
I told him to watch it. He was
blown away by it. My brother,
same deal. All right, I'm in.
What a fucking show, huh? We can wrap it up.
We can wrap it up. We appreciate everyone
listening. The deadline is now done,
which means we're in the sprint to the finish,
which means the playoffs are around the corner and I cannot wait for a final
four of four division winners and a gong show semifinal for the Stanley cup.
So I'm very excited for the end of the season to see who gets in and who goes
on a run.
And I think there were some interesting deals.
We'll be following closely as the next few weeks and months go along.
So thank you for listening as always.
Thank you to Greg Carvell.
Congrats on the national title and Dale Weiss.
I know he's still looking to play.
We'll see where he ends up, but an awesome time chatting with him too.
So we thank all of those people along with you for listening.
And I finally fucking said something that made sense this episode as I was
saying goodbye.
Peace. As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spitting Chicklets.
Huge thanks to our longtime friends over at New Amsterdam Barter and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our buddies over at No Days Wasted.
Check them out if you're having a couple of cocktails.
Big thanks to our new friends at Olive Days Wasted. Check them out if you're having a couple cocktails. Big thanks to our new friends at Olive.
Be sure to check them out.
Also, thanks to our friends at Peter Milan.
You want to look sharp on the course, get that gear.
Big thanks to our friends at Roman.
Fellas, trust me, try them out.
And also, thank you to everybody at ZipRecruiter.
If you're hiring, check them out as well.
Have a great weekend, everyone.
