Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 329 of Spittin' Chickens,
presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and the Barstool Sports Podcast family,
what is up, everyone?
The deadline has passed.
We're officially in the playoffs direction.
Still got some good races going on.
But first, let's say hi to the boys.
We'll do it in order this week.
Mike Grinelli, our producer.
How we doing, buddy?
I'm doing fantastic.
We actually kicked off a new gaming campaign with Zipchair Gaming last night on the Chicklets YouTube.
So you can find that there over the next couple of weeks.
And we're launching a new, we're doing a really cool merch release this week.
And I'll let Biz talk a little bit more about that.
Paul, Biz Nasty, Biz Sanet.
How are we doing, buddy?
I'm doing wonderful.
Got away from my phone this weekend quite a bit.
Went for a hike.
Went golfing with Trevor Gretzky, Pasha.
What?
Trevor Gretzky.
You went golfing?
Yeah, I went golfing.
Yes.
That's right.
That's what I'm talking about, Biz.
That's what I'm saying.
And then Ash, his girlfriend, was there,
and she's a professional golfer,
or at least on one of the tours not out lpga i believe but she was there to
help she's nasty buddy i hit a i hit a seven iron like 170 two feet away we ended up eagle in the
hole we played on a team against pasha and actually uh bo bennett used to play in the nhl a little bit
i think he's retiring now uh I ended up having 200 games.
First rounder.
He was, what was he?
20th overall originally.
Was he drafted by the Denver?
Drafted a Pittsburgh.
Drafted a Pittsburgh.
That's where he went first.
Played in St. Louis a little bit,
but it was him and Pasha versus me and Trev,
and we fucking dusted them.
So it was, it was a great weekend.
You mentioned that merch collab.
So I got a buddy
owns noble gentlemen in canada and vancouver and i reached out to him and i said hey i want to do
this funky little uh collab with you and we ended up calling it unapologetically canadian is the
name of the the clothing brand and we're releasing we're doing a very short release 100 sweaters you
guys could see the logo here. It's a Mountie.
And, you know, probably out having a few pops on the weekend.
Ended up getting a black guy, shows up to work.
And it just kind of goes with the theme of, you know, we're just unapologetically Canadian.
And an artist by the name of Randy Perez is the one who drew the art.
And we ended up posting this to the front of the sweater, of course, with the Chicklets logo on the arm.
So we're releasing these, I believe, on Wednesday.
There's only 100, as I mentioned.
We just wanted to do a small drop.
So hopefully the people who get them love them, and they're great quality,
and I'm really excited about it.
Beats the shit out of Dudley Do-Right as well.
It's a good-looking shirt.
Thank you.
What's Dudley Do-Right?
He's the old cartoon.
He was a Canadian Mountie.
He's not the Looney Tunes, but was one of the other cartoons in the 60s and 70s.
He was legit a Mountie.
So when I was at Universal Studios, they have the characters going around.
I took a picture of him patting me down at Universal Studios.
He's very reluctant to do it, but I talked him into it.
Actually, R.A., I ended up watching one of your recommendations.
Oh?
My Octopus Teacher.
No, you didn't.
I watched it front to back with.
I recommend it because you haven't watched it.
We probably can't talk about it this episode, right?
I don't know.
Maybe at the end, if we need some time to kill, we can bring it up.
But you told me you enjoyed it very much, Biz, which I was glad to hear.
Yeah, it was as advertised.
It was a wonderful documentary.
which I was glad to hear. Yeah, it was as advertised. It was a wonderful documentary.
Just it was it's like this. The whole story is so unbelievable. It's like almost like it's fake,
but watch it with so we can discuss it next podcast. It's not a long commitment. I think it was about 90 minutes to two hours. Yeah, right around there. Yeah, around there. So I recommend
it to anybody out there listening right now. It a very sentimental story there you go and last but not least the wit dog orion whitney what's going on
my man a couple things very funny that that just came up i i i turned it on and i started it and i
i was laughing at that guy so hard like he was just such a bizarre person that I really couldn't take it
serious.
I didn't dislike it,
but I turned it off.
So it all goes back to the sweater you're wearing the new hoodie
unapologetically Canadian.
Is that correct?
Or unapologetically?
Oh,
you got it.
Crushed the first time.
I got one sent to me because biz was describing them to me.
He's like,
I'll send you one.
And I got it.
And it's sick,
but I can't wear it. It's I'm not Canadian. Like you only can wear this if you're me. He's like, I'll send you one, and I got it, and it's sick. But I can't wear it.
I'm not Canadian.
Like, you only can wear this if you're Canadian, right, in my opinion.
I'm an American.
I'm not wearing unapologetically Canadian on my milk potty.
So I think we ended up making 104 so we could give a few out.
R.A., have you gotten one?
I have not, but sometimes I feel like an honorary Canadian
when we go up to Canada, so I would have no problem.
In Halifax, you were more Canadian than Canadians when we went there.
Let alone Muskoka.
I saw it more as a gift to you so you would feel comfortable wearing it, and I hope R.A.
Actually, R.A., I'll send you this one if you want, and then I'll make sure we get another one for somebody.
Listen, listen.
Yes.
I'll sell it to you out of the back of my trunk.
Hey, listen. I'll sell it to you out of the back of my trunk. Listen, I wasn't finished.
So,
I will take the sweatshirt
because, like I said, I can't wear it
and it all stems back to
my octopus's professor.
Whoever writes me the best
book report has to be
under 500 words book report.
I will decide the winner and i'll send you
my unapologetically canadian that is a that is a great idea because i can't watch the movie
the movie that guy is a creep i don't think he's a creep i think he's just a unique creep
not the right word creeps not the right word that guy is the most bizarre human yeah he's a bizarro
and then he gets in the water and i just dude i'll get i might give it another go but i want
a book report 300 so ra when i when i figured we were going to eventually talk about it i knew
it was going to be negative about that's such a lie he still hasn't finished ted lasso either
because because in wet in some breath i can agree that it's it's a little bit
it's a little bizarre that he became that obsessed with it i like he basically would
have signed up for their like things only fans if he could have he was obsessed with this fucking
octopus when i the thing might have had an only chance like is this the only is this the only
guy she was fucking on the side or what show Show me a seventh arm. Hey, listen, that was the thing.
When we originally made the jokes of the octopus doing crazy things to him
and, hey, honey, I'll be back.
I think he would have.
He was in love with the octopus.
Dude, he went to the back.
I think you have to be in a certain mood.
I don't mean to say stoned.
I think it's just a certain mood because I put on the first time
and I didn't watch it through the first time I put on.
All right.
And I went back to it and maybe I was just more open minded and a better mood, just whatever.
And I went with the flow and I was like, holy shit.
I mean, that guy went into the water three hundred and twenty four days, I think, in a row.
That water was like 50 degrees.
He didn't have a wetsuit on.
That's obsession.
Like you said, Paul, he was obsessed with this animal.
But like if you ever had an interaction with a wild animal i was a little kid dude and i was at a like a family
outing and a fucking clam squirrel come up to me and i fed him my clam chow squirrel in the woods
like and it was like the weirdest fucking thing like i had a moment with a squirrel so i can't
imagine being on the water and having a fucking octopus befriending you and touching you and shit back it up back it up he had a relationship with
dude squirrels come up with people in the woods clam fucking chowder yep you could get any
squirrel over over to chill on your knee if you're waving peanut butter at him at a cookout and it
was charlestown but this guy was with an octopus this thing was like people friendly in the middle
of the woods it was enough that i remember it fucking 40 years later that i fed a squirrel no not peanut butter
with clam chowder yeah the night it was the knights of columbus it had pieces of an octopus
in it actually um oh where was i hungry watching it but i mean listen wit i completely agree with
you so i didn't cry during it already you did say you got emotional i did read a few tweets of other people who got emotional uh during the documentary what got me past that was just you
know obviously this guy had been going through a very difficult time and then i just thought it
was bizarre that a guy who had the ability to be able to capture all of that on footage was the one
that it ended up happening to and without giving a i guess if
we're talking about it we're kind of giving it away to a certain degree the fact that when he
scared it and he'd lost it i don't know if you got to that part with that's when i shut it down
because i was like no he didn't track it and he was talking about learning how to track
back in the desert right and he tied it back to his former job. What,
what I found odd was he, he found a way to track it.
And I think he said he did it in like six or seven days. Right.
So that's when I was like, I'm like,
are we right back to the median doc or medium mediums?
What do you call them? Mediums. Yeah. I don't think it was that level.
I get what you're saying. Oh, of all, of all the things to record that,
you know, they captured this, but I, mediums, yeah. I don't think it was that level. I get what you're saying, of all the things to record that they captured this,
but I'm sure there was probably some not artificialness,
not officiality, whatever the word is,
but yeah, somewhere it might have been a little bit,
and I hate to say rigged, but yeah,
a production like that you're recording every day,
there might be one or two things that might have been,
okay, let's kind of play it this way.
But either way, man, it's just something you've never really seen before. And, you know,
I know it's up for the best documentary against some like serious topic stuff
that like, you know, social justice type things.
And it's just about an octopus,
but I hope it wins just because it's just like kind of a life affirming thing
about nature, man. I just, it just puts you kind of one of those moods,
you know, I want a documentary on your squirrel buddy.
Also the informative things he, he let us know about what octopuses can do
and the way they think and watching the rehabilitation process
that it went through.
It was all some very fascinating stuff.
And also the reproductive situation.
I didn't know that.
So all female octopuses die after giving birth?
That's how it all goes?
Yeah, that's the other
thing too paul it's a great nature doc if you're into into that type of stuff too and how brilliant
and how crazy an octopus is i mean it can sprout horns it can cover itself in shells all the little
things it can do man it's it's an amazing creature like i say it's almost like an alien when you're
watching it um i'm gonna stop ordering it for for appetizers now. I felt a little guilty after that calamari cock over here.
I took Ryder to his first NHL hockey game this weekend as well.
Tilt between the Capitals and the Bruins at the Garden.
Ross, the rink shrink Yandel, brought his son Liam,
and I brought Ryder, and he was obsessed.
He knew when to get fired up because there's like, I think,
3,000 people in the building and actually felt more than that.
I think they're going to 25 capacity, the guy said soon.
But he was cheering when the Bruins scored the big hits
and then he knew to kind of be upset and mad when Washington scored.
And it was just the coolest experience for me as a dad.
It was awesome.
So we'll definitely be doing more of that.
It was great to be at a game, dude. It had been such a long time. I was thinking about it. I was
saying like, you just miss seeing how good these guys are. Oh, she scored a couple. Crecce was
sick. It was, oh, we'll get into the game, but the weekend was awesome. So I didn't make it
through octopus professor, but I just crushed the bees with my son. Actually, yeah, we're going to
get to the Bruins caps in a minute. That was a very spirited affair
on Sunday. Biz, I did get hungry
for seafood. I'm seafood. Seaweed.
You ever eat seaweed, Biz? Yeah, I've had
seaweed a few times.
So 3,000 people in attendance.
Did you get recognized by a
few Chicklets fans? Yeah, I took some
pictures with the Chicklets fans.
I was going to ask you, is Ryder like
what the fuck? What's happening? He's not is rider like what the no he's not he's
not old enough he's not he's he's just kind of he wouldn't know i don't think he didn't say he
doesn't really he doesn't notice stuff you just make him take the picture he's just like ah bro
let's go bro as he's clapping or i watch cars i want to watch cars so um what was i saying oh
yeah some chicklets fans actually two sat next to me. These guys were buckled.
Great guys.
They were crippled.
I think they were from Danvers.
They were brothers.
The one brother ended up getting the boot.
I think he was having a blast.
And his other brother stayed.
3,000 people in attendance.
He got tossed.
His other brother stayed.
Well, I don't know.
I think he kept having his mask off.
And the guy in the office was like, hey, dude dude it's like fifth time you're out bud but the brother
stayed which i thought was hilarious i was like i'd stay too so uh yeah we i i saw a bunch of
there's actually a moment of um like a feeling of this is bizarre we were walking to the bat
to the bathroom at the intermission or even before the intermission and then they got all these like thin signs that come off the wall, you know, like to basically say like what's what spots there, what they sell.
But their video and all of a sudden all of them were Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam by New Amsterdam.
So it's all pink, pink. I'm like with right. I'm like, what the fuck?
I'm at a Bruins game and I'm like, that's like my drink or my name on this drink with my son and I
it's just weird so you're like you're gonna get
to go to college because of that bud
he was going to college without that
oh he was
I wonder if
I wonder if that squirrel that
RA fed clam chowder to
was the same one that jumped out of Yans'
buddy's car with the Jolly Rancher
no because he didn't have a collar on it.
Because R.A. had a, it was his pet squirrel, so he had a collar.
He wouldn't have been just a naked squirrel.
That's true.
Wildlife interactions.
All right, we mentioned last week the nice weather's here.
Baseball started.
Playoff chases are on.
There's a big horse race coming up, as well as some big movie awards this Sunday.
So make sure you head over to your local liquor store today to find Pink Whitney
in the new 375-milliliter Mickey-sized bottle that Biz always has right next to him.
It's great for pregame, after party, and everything in between.
So go to your local package store, get a new Mickey of Pink Whitney,
and enjoy responsibly.
We were talking about a little bit of lull for hockey a second ago.
Well, nobody had longer than the Vancouver Canucks have this season.
They hadn't played since March 24th.
The league wanted to play Friday night.
JT Miller came out and he said, quote,
it's going to be dangerous to a lot of players for the team to play so soon.
I think that was kind of like a salvo to the league.
Like, hey, if you make us play,
we're going to file this with the grievance with the union.
I could be overstating that, but that's the impression i got because the league
did push the game two days later uh they played toronto we're losing two nothing they were the
biggest underdog in several years i think toronto was like a 360 favorite come back from a two
nothing deficit one three two uh hope he was out of his mind this is the hope i think vancouver
thought they would get when they signed him at the beginning of the year but the end of the game was busy I sent the clip to you
guys of Vancouver the way they were celebrating it was just like you wonder if this is a galvanizing
moment for them I mean they have 10 points back but they have four games in hand on Montreal
I wouldn't say they're dead quite yet biz well that's the thing R.A. and and I kind of wrote
them off as far as playoffs is concerned but you know given the fact that they do have these game in hands they can cut catch montreal and they montreal has been so inconsistent and you know
given the fact that vancouver is being being put even more behind the eight ball with all this
condensed schedule bullshit and playing that many games in 30 days if this group still thinks they're
going to make playoffs like i guess i'm okay with him bitching, but at, in the grand scheme of things, it's like, well, fuck, I don't, I, you know,
the whole team caught COVID.
They're trying to rally this thing in time.
So playoffs can start at a certain point and they're probably looking at it.
Like maybe Vancouver is not going to make playoffs.
Now I guess one other solution would have been if it gets to the point later
down the line,
if there's some games that they could back up against non-playoff teams,
like let's say an Ottawa, for instance,
if they even still have any games against them, maybe backload them.
So those games are happening a few games into the playoff season.
If in fact that they don't, if they don't make it, but you know,
overall, as you mentioned, that's a,
that's a big win to potentially spark plug this team. And, and all of a sudden,
you're, you have so many games in a small amount of time.
If you get on a hot streak, all of a sudden, they're in the playoff picture.
So as a guy who played 20 minutes a night, I didn't.
I could only imagine that you were probably feeling the same way that he was,
where this is ridiculous, especially not given a lot of practice time
in order to get back your game legs to go into this type of run.
I respected the hell out of him saying it, a lot of practice time in order to get back your game legs to go into this type of run.
I respected the hell out of him saying it because you started hearing about how little practice time they had. And my mind races back to anytime you did get the flu during the season or you just got
sick. You skated that first and even second time and you were nothing. Your legs were jello. Your hands were trash.
You can't breathe.
So not only is that one player in a team of 20, right?
All these guys that were battling are on the ice
and Miller's out there and all the boys, I'm sure,
are talking like, I cannot play an NHL game right now.
Guys could get hurt.
You know, that's not fair.
So he comes out and says it makes total sense at least
having played i couldn't agree more with him and then the league did take notice so you got to
respect like the the players speaking up and having some power there that's interesting thought all
right i didn't think that where they were setting them up to just maybe say hey listen we're telling
you to do this or what could they do would you say file i mean what not a shoot but i i would think
i'm and i'm totally speculating,
you guys were in the union, file a grievance against the league
saying they're basically making us go to work when we're still sick
or we haven't had time to recover.
And like I said, I think the fact that the league did move these games ahead
kind of spoke volumes.
I think it was like, I don't even know if it was implied,
and I'm not putting words in Miller's mouth.
I don't know if that was his intention, but that's just the way I read it.
Like, okay, you guys got to fucking change this.
We're not ready to play.
The league heard him and moved it.
And it could have gotten ugly if the league didn't do that.
What I think the most ridiculous thing was with is,
is it just so happened that some of the guys,
I don't think it was the full team,
but some guys coming off that they wouldn't have even had a practice day
before their Friday game against the Edmonton Oilers
where it's like, okay, you're setting them up for failure.
So, I mean, they still had a quick turnaround
and still were able to must out a gutsy win against Toronto.
So who knows what the future holds for them getting, what's that?
Them winning was ridiculous.
And I actually, as the whole thing was going on
and the team was, more guys were getting covid and it was really your understanding it's going to be a longer and
longer break i was like the first game back i am pounding whoever i'm playing against i don't even
gamble and i was thinking of that i was like this is like a lock and and sure as shit i forgot i
totally forgot and if i'd seen it was minus three, I would have put something on the goal line.
But, wow, you know some people got hammered on that bet last night.
Or Saturday.
Hey, so, R.A., live bet when the Leafs ended up going up 2-0.
What do you think the line turned to?
Man, Vancouver must have been probably probably higher i mean vancouver was
anywhere from 360 to 380 before the game so if they got a two-goal lead i would say you could
probably find vancouver plus 700 to win the game outright so in some places damn damn gutsy win
i'm excited to see how the a and and uh are we sticking with the North theme based on how we started with that topic?
Hold on. Hold on. Sorry. Sorry, Vince.
One more thing in that game, buddy.
There was a suspension, right?
Edler.
Yes. Alex.
Yes, Alex Edler.
And you look at that hit and very  first of all, Zach Hyman,
how important is he?
Sheldon Keefe wishes he could play the guy on every single line.
He's just every,
he's such a good player that anyone who plays with him becomes better
automatically.
You're going to have the puck more.
You're going to be in the offensive zone more.
So to lose him and you don't know what's going on,
it sounds like it won't be super serious,
but you heard that before you hear that all the time.
Hey,
it's nothing.
Next thing you know,
it's three months.
So hopefully he's okay.
But the hit,
luckily his,
his leg,
his foot wasn't completely planted. Whereas if there was, hit luckily his his leg his foot wasn't completely
planted whereas if there was there wasn't all of his weight wasn't on it so he was able to move
back and maybe really save him from having a torn acl and a completely blown out knee very dangerous
hit surprised to see that from alex edler for sure yeah it's uh yeah you can't be losing hyman no yeah that hit what definitely was a
surprise to see uh also el el elias pedison he might be out for the rest of the year he's been
dealing with an injury so you know if vancouver is going to climb back and it's going to be a
little bit tougher without him i i had to go run and get a cord did you guys mention the save by
holtley the windmill kick save bicycle kick whatever we had we saved it for you huh we
saved the goalie guy so we wanted you to tee that save up bud like when i saw it i literally tweeted windmill kick save, bicycle kick, whatever you want to describe it. We saved it for you. Huh? We saved it for you.
You're the goalie guy, so we wanted you to tee that save up, bud.
Like, when I saw it, I literally tweeted,
he just do that and I had to wait for the replay, and he did.
I mean, he made the poke check, and the thing was going to go in.
He come up.
I mean, what do you call it, a bicycle, a wagon wheel?
There was 17 different names to describe it.
I know we've had a ton of great saves, but Holpe was unreal last night.
Like I said, you've got to figure that's going to give him confidence
and, in turn, maybe give the team some confidence too uh one other
note too the canucks actually closed off practice and they pissed off the pro hockey writers
association because i guess it's actually in the cba that reporters are supposed to go to practice
so the reporters were pissed off about it they all they put out a statement but i guess the team
didn't want them reporting guys will leave in practice early because they're probably likely
to do to COVID.
So they basically banned them.
But it was only a one-practice thing.
It kind of blew over.
But I don't know.
Just noteworthy that team keeping media out.
Also in the division biz, Winnipeg signed Lowry to a five-year,
3.25 million extension.
He's a nice piece of that team.
He brings some grit, some sandpaper, like his old man used to do back in the day.
And Nate Thompson, we want to give congrats to him he played his 800th nhl game the third most among alaskans i have to scott gomez and brandon dubinsky so congrats to nate our old pal i'm
drawing a blank right now who's the guy the the bruins picked up at the deadline last year for
minnie was it minnie the centerman joe johansson and 19? No, he came back home.
He's from there.
I thought he came over from Minnie.
Charlie Coyle.
Charlie Coyle.
He kind of reminds me, maybe not as much offensive upside,
but very similar type player where very good, very light upon,
plays some heavy minutes for Winnipeg,
and I think that that's a great deal.
I believe he's playing third line center there right now, correct?
Yeah, and he's an animal.
He brings a little different aspect than Coyle.
And Coyle makes a lot more.
McCoyle's making a lot more than him, I believe.
What was it?
The average was three and a half per year?
Three and a quarter times five years for Adam Lowry.
You like that deal.
Big guy can move.
Playoff-type player in people's faces.
I know he played in the WHL.
I don't know where, but yeah, he'll be somebody who makes them difficult to play against.
And when you get down off that top line, that's exactly what Winnipeg needs.
It's what makes them good.
This happened actually Monday night after we recorded.
Milan Lucic played in his 1,000th game, and he ended up fighting Danny Sabre.
That was a great fight, man. It was pretty appropriate that Lucic would fight in his 1,000th game, and he ended up fighting Danny Sabre. That was a great fight, man.
It was pretty appropriate that Lucic would fight in his 1,000th game.
He ate a couple of lefts from Sabre first,
then he fed him a couple.
Pretty damn good fight, Biz.
What was your take on it?
Well, I play with Sabre, and I've talked about him many a times.
Probably one of the sneakiest.
I would consider him a light heavyweight based just on his size,
but he'll go toe-to-toe with heavyweights.
I thought it was in very fitting Looch fashion,
getting the tilt right off the get-go there.
What an unbelievable career.
And I know that I'm sure it was probably pretty emotional
and heavy on him during his time in Edmonton,
having that big contract and maybe things not going as well as he'd hoped.
But I think he's found a great home in Calgary.
And it seems like that group really,
really embraced him when he came over and he's fit in a lot better there.
So what an unbelievable career and to, to many, many more.
And I think we were talking, we were talking with,
about him with pasta. Were we not about how he can slam beers?
Yeah. Oh, boom boom there you go you just
mentioned our guests we had mentioned two guests we got boston brewing superstar david pasta and
actually we're lucky to get him the other night and he did score after and we couldn't really say
he had a chip chicklets bump because we hadn't mentioned he was on but little chicklets bump
for him and we also have uh well-traveled veteran martin st pierre this guy played all over the
world he's got some great stories we're going to get to him a little later as well.
One other note on Calgary 2, Biz. They traded Dave
Riddick to Toronto at the deadline.
Well, they were going to play Toronto the next game
so he rode on the plane ride with them. So they
traded him to Toronto. He was a leaf
and he rode to Toronto with
all his former teammates. I guess they were busting his
chops in the plane and stuff. I asked, Biz,
I was wondering, do you think he would have done
that if it wasn't a goalie?
Do you think it would have been a little different
if you were battling?
Yeah, I think the goaltending position's
a little bit different, definitely.
I could be way off base.
I really could, but I was like,
I don't know if the next night he'd be in the corner,
I could possibly fight you.
We're battling, whereas a goalie,
there isn't that
to hang out with in that extra day when you're going against in the next night oh if anything
you want to be nice to him maybe give him a let one in let a few in for the boys fuck take care
of us yeah please yeah do i get a pretty impact nope okay i'll go fuck myself um covid covid
probably had a factor on that too you know it's under normal circumstance that might not happen
but it was just one one thing that you didn't know
is the fact that they
made him ride underneath though.
That's the only,
that's the only downside.
They put him with all the bags.
With the dogs?
No, with the octopus.
When you ship those around.
Like Major League.
The RA's teacher.
Yeah, put him in a stick bag.
Two, he had a little interactions
with his old teammates.
He bumped Goudreau
going to the net once
and Matty Kachuk gave him
a little spray.
So it was no love lost the first game against each other.
Holy fucking tummy sticks.
Settle down.
No, no, not tummy sticks at all.
We'll get to your tummy sticks a little later.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I know.
Wow.
A picture that appears out of nowhere.
Bring it up now, R.A.
So R.A. sends me this picture,
and you got it from Getty Images, I would imagine.
Well, yeah, it was a story in The Athletic about you and Jansen texting during the game with, what was it?
Jeremy Rutherford.
Jeremy Rutherford, yep.
Yeah, so we did something when the Coyotes ended up spanking the St. Louis Blues,
but there was a picture of me laughing as Cam Jansen's looking at me at center ice before a game,
and he's clearly saying something.
Now, Witt, you hit the nail on the head.
I'm pretty sure we fought our first shift in that game,
but the only other possible explanation for other than lining up a fight
would have been Jansen asking me where I'm going in Old Town after the game.
And then I probably gave him a quick answer, and the rest is history,
and I guarantee you at least one of us were a healthy scratch that night but more than likely you just said you fought no but i but i said more than
likely because in i think we fought two or three times in the first period on on home ice here at
gila river arena so and i specifically remember that game because i think he came up and like
might even sprayed me a little bit and said, we go in.
We never had this animosity towards one another,
especially even before we fought.
Janny was always one of those guys like, Hey, we get it done.
Like came up and warm up and usually asked you.
No, I feel like, I feel like he'd be like, Hey biz, what's up,
but I'm going to punch your fucking head in.
Hey, like legit.
Like he's like laughing, but he's like, we're going, I love you,
but I'm going to kill you.
He also must've been a guy biz for you that that's not the funnest one leading up.
Like, you know, you're going him right away.
You know, he's tough as shit.
It's going to be, he's going to be throwing them.
It's not going to be a hug match, a hug fest.
No, I actually enjoyed it because I knew that he always wanted to get his done out of the way.
And so did I.
I didn't want to skate around all first period wondering when the time was going to be i'd be fumble fucking the puck and be in the back of
my net i'd be like fuck you know i'll be fighting something that's for sure but no he liked to get
it out of the way he liked to exchange and you know you'd get you know get the fans riled up
you go to the box and and that that was it that was the cam jansen show and i loved it i loved
being a part of it yeah it's a great picture you should track it down get a copy it'd be nice it's nice on the wall so i would say no
tummy sticks on the uh on what what would you call that if you fight if you if you're trying to smash
someone's nose through their their orbital like 20 minutes after that picture you can't call it
tummy sticks. No.
I'm backing my boy here.
All right, we have a ruling.
No tummy sticks.
What do you think, Grinelli?
I was giving him hairline tips at center ice there.
I don't know if you saw how thin Cam was in that picture up top.
I'm sure he's not going to like that comment either. That's a late, low blow, Cam,
just at the final whistle of the third period when the season's over.
You'll remember all summer, though, and get him.
He'll get me in the tunnel. That's the type type of guy cam is i think it's kind of tummy sticks
can you guys believe oh this is coming back at me because i chirped his hair and i jumped on
your bandwagon of that it was it was a i'd say it was a six and a half out of yo grinelli texted me
at like 10 o'clock at night this weekend and he's like dude i'm with a bunch of people who say
my hair is just as good as beavers it's not just me i'm like whoa i'm like thinking about it much
am i in your head much rent free baby fucking what are you looking down for what do you what
do you got to say i didn't i didn't i didn't know i texted you that oh damn i
must have had a few too many of those pink whitney nips since we mentioned bieber that new peaches
track you got to be all about that one wit i got my peaches down in georgia yeah that's it
everyone's saying we have similar hair not me just them oh man i was cooked oh shit i love it i love when you're
cooking and messages about this both the the hair um salad what else were we just talking about that
was on my mind oh r.a had a pet squirrel no i don't have a pet squirrel that's no it was a
random squirrel on nature in the woods that's what that was my connection to it i didn't have a pet
squirrel i had a pet snake. This is the best Monday.
I'm so fired up right now.
That just got me going.
Kouho's had a squirrel that he
fed Cheerios.
We should compete for best documentary
R.A. and a squirrel. We'll get
the film crew. We'll get Pasha.
My father remembers too.
Who were we talking about?
Going back to that
sabran fight i believe he cut luch pretty good there yeah he got him good yeah yeah oh yeah he
got him i saw him with one of those left see the highlights of that yeah i'm glad you mentioned
mentioned luch again with his he's i mean biz he was so huge in boston like they were so bad and
he was one of those guys who like re-established the bruins as like a formidable franchise in the
nhl helped him win a Stanley Cup.
So I'm always going to root for the guy.
I don't care.
You know, I know a lot of people around the league,
I should say fans can't stand the guy, but I love what he does.
He proves that intimidation and physicality always matter in sport and hockey,
and he's still doing it fucking what?
I would say if every fan base hates your guts in Lucha's position,
he's doing his job to a T.
So keep doing your thing, buddy.
Keep slamming beers and keep collecting paychecks.
There you go.
Sorry, R.A., quickly, just another note in the north
because I figure we're wrapping that up
because we've got to talk about Patrick Marleau
and breaking Gordie Howe's record.
But the Flames, I didn't realize,
the Flames and the Senators, they're playing,
you know, they're going to be playing right now.
You'll be listening to this tomorrow. Six and two this year, Ottawa is against the Flames and the Senators are, they're playing, you know, they're going to be playing right now. You'll be listening to this tomorrow.
Six and two this year, Ottawa is against the Flames.
The Flames can look at not making the playoffs because of how much the
Senators have dominated them this year.
So I couldn't believe seeing that.
And it's just interesting.
And also shows that Ottawa is way better,
way better than I gave them credit for earlier in the year.
And that most hockey fans said about them.
I told you they'd be competitive all year.
No surprises here.
They've been actually a really fun team to watch, man.
Of course, I bet them a lot, but they've been good stuff.
All right, let's circle back.
You talked about Ryder's first game.
That Boston-Washington game.
These are two teams, man, that really didn't have a huge history of animosity,
but this year it's been ugly.
Of course, Wilson knocked out Carlo with that hit earlier before. Well, the hit on Corrales was a lot of people complained about it here it
was incidental Corrales was falling Wilson was going to hit him I had no issue with it but
then you had Ovechkin hit McAvoy up pretty high the Hathaway hit on Tenorti would bloody them
get five minute majors this has turned into a nasty rivalry and I think a lot of people are
champing at the bit to see this in the playoffs with. Oh, I think it would be a great series.
Tuca
was awesome. He gave up three, but he made
some huge saves. Bunch of breakaway saves.
The Bruins
didn't really come out that strong and then
they're still leading.
And Halsey, I love
how he's playing with Boston.
He's got two goals already. He got an assist yesterday
grinding it out in the corner,
and then it gets over to Krejci, who the patience, the toe drag,
just shelved.
That was the net we were sitting right behind.
What a goal.
But you watch how they go head-to-head, and it's funny,
because I look at the Bruins, and you're like, I don't know.
Does this team have it?
They make a bunch of good deals.
Don Sweeney really gets not enough credit, I would say.
When you're talking about improving the team midseason, Halsey looks good.
The defenseman, Mike Riley, is a smart player.
I said this on the episode before he even played a game.
I think it was the night of the deadline.
He looks to fit right in.
He's leading the team in ice time.
And then you think, not only do they get Grislyk back in he's leading the team in ice time and then you think not only do
they they get grizzly back he's playing next game they get kevin miller back and his injury that
he's out right now is not the knee he does it's tough staying healthy the way he plays but they'll
get him back and then carlo i don't know the uh what is the the timeline for carlo it's there's
nothing definite right now he's not traveling him right now so that's a lot of
additions though that's that's i know i know and also the lineup just like it did at the deadline
exactly so i'm drawing a complete blank it's really embarrassing oh lazar lazar yeah i couldn't
think of his name he you know getting that fourth line him him and wags look good together and and
i think corrali had a good game he's had kind of a year where you might have expected a little bit more but the bruins they got their swagger back and
washington's going to be right there they had just played the day before and toasted philly
ovechkin had two more so maybe you know the travel and the bruins on a little bit of a streak uh
ended up getting the best one but an awesome entertaining game great first game for rider
jesus i'll throw it to you quickly all right you texted me right
away and you said man the Bruins since the additions just look completely rejuvenated and
I think it also sends a message to the top end guys where you know they're you know games where
if they if they're unable to produce the offense at least they're gonna you know not looking at
fucking losing they could have you know Halsey's line step up or or or even those deeper lines that
they added to as well.
Yeah.
I mean, 4-0 since the deadline.
They're obviously a much better team.
Second line is better.
Lazar on the fourth line has totally rejuvenated it.
And like what you said about Riley, I said when they got him,
people are going to be surprised.
He wasn't the big, sexy name, but he's been great for the B so far.
Also, Tuca's 320.
He's the fourth fin to ever hit that number.
And, dude, how about Marchand, man?
I mean, this is a guy who's going to have his number on the rafters.
Fourth Bruin ever with 10 or more 20-goal seasons,
and he's done it in eight consecutive.
He's the seventh winger ever to reach 50 shorthanded points.
And how about this?
Shorthanded goals since 2017.
Bergeron and Marchand have combined for 18.
That's more than the Capitals, Wild, Kings, Maple Leafs, and Flyers
as total teams.
And this one's from Dimitri Filipovic, who always has great shit on Twitter.
Bergeron and Marchand have played 57 minutes and 10 seconds,
four on five together this season, and the score is tied 6-6.
That's fucking insane when you think about it.
A man's short, and the fucking game is tied when you take it like that.
So, you know, yeah, whatever.
I don't stroke the Bruins off as much as I used to,
so it's nice to actually do it and mean it for once.
What's up, Mike?
Mikey, I think this is one that can get the Instagram humming a little bit.
Let's get up there.
That I'll say right now that Brad Marchand and his trajectory
and where he's at is heading right towards the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I think he's already that's my word is heading right towards the hall
of fame yeah oh yeah i think he's already there you think he's already in the hall of fame oh yeah
stanley cup uh olympics uh yeah i think that he's as a winger for the okay so maybe that's not a
crazy statement and i look like a complete idiot but still there'll be people i guarantee you in
that dumb ass comment section full of complete losers, I guarantee you that there's a lot of people that strongly disagree with me.
Okay, so you were at the game.
One other thing I wanted to ask you about,
did you notice the goal where Ovechkin was complaining afterward
at the fact that he thought that Tom Wilson was hit late in the offensive zone?
Ends up going back the other way when they played that.
I think it was a beautiful three.
It was a three-on-two, was it not,
where they snapped it around a little bit?
I think it was past the back door to Bergeron.
Yes.
Was Ovi yelling about he thought that the Wilson,
that should have been a penalty, the hit on Wilson?
On the NBC broadcast when I was watching the game already,
he was losing his mind to the point where even after the period had ended,
he was having a one-on-one with the official.
Now what I thought was interesting as I, you could tell Wilson,
but the game was, was very physical from the beginning.
So I don't want to credit to that.
Do I think that Wilson should have been penalized for that hit on?
It was Corral. He got right.
I just felt that he was being a little bit more like I'm going to fucking get
somebody back after that came off of his check
in order to make the play.
I think as a Bruins fan,
that's probably why you saw so many people online bitching.
And I mean, Haggerty was one of them,
but no way should that have faced any type of supplementary supplement.
Didn't Cassidy even say it?
Yeah. Cassidy even said it was incidental to him.
Yeah. When the coach says it. Yeah said I tweeted someone's ago what's he gonna
get for that I'm like nothing that's no supplement
discipline at all it's like what's that word
I was trying to say
supplementary bingo yes
hey boys
what did I get earlier what word did I get
earlier in this show trajectory when you
nope nope earlier earlier I had a good
one
oh unapologetically no Oh, unapologetically.
No. Oh, yeah, unapologetically.
And I had to ask if it was right.
I ruined it by doing that.
So the one hit we probably should talk about is Tenorti,
who's been taking an absolute beating this year.
He got hit from Tanev.
That was bad luck out there.
And I will say, though, watching the replay,
I think at that point in the game and given the result,
might as well, 5-3 at that point, 10 minutes left, get him out.
I don't think that he's going to have any supplementary discipline.
No.
Ding, ding.
What do you think, R.A.?
No, I don't either.
It was a board and hit.
It was ugly.
It was interesting.
The ref right there didn't call it. The other ref at center ice called it. But, yeah, I think that'll be like you think, R.A.? No, I don't either. It was a boarding hit. It was ugly. It was interesting. The ref right there didn't call it.
The other ref at center ice called it.
But, yeah, I think that'll be like you got the gate.
You're thrown out of the game.
I think that's going to serve as his punishment.
You know, I've seen worse boardings, but I don't want a guy's backs facing you.
You shouldn't really thrust that much force.
And look at the results.
I mean, Tornado was a bloody mess afterwards.
And I'm sure he was spitting chiclets, if not a broken nose there.
So, yeah, I don't see supplementary i didn't keep he got his punishment during the game
and the two biggest factors being you could see his right skate he ends up stopping you could see
the snow come up just and and where you know when a guy starts lifting his head up he's kind of being
like oh you could tell he realized split second late and and you know he got punished for it and
i think the the rest is history but, probably one of the most competitive games
I've watched all season long.
Very, very, very chippy.
And one last note on the Bruins.
You can still find them at 16-1 in several shops out there,
including the Boston Sportsbook.
So probably not a bad little investment.
There's a couple other teams in the old division we got to talk about.
A couple of New York teams.
The Rangers, man, they're the hottest team in hockey.
Four in a row over New Jersey this week.
They outscored them 18-6.
The only unfortunate thing for the Rangers is the Bruins are right ahead of them.
Otherwise, they'd probably be in a playoff spot right now.
There was some news with the Rangers regarding Tony D'Angelo.
He was offered a contract termination right before the deadline.
He didn't want to do it.
Montreal was very interested in him, so he's going to be bought out this summer.
He's still going to get paid, and then he'll be free to sign with anybody he
wants to this summer. But yeah, he could have taken a termination and played this year, but
he opted to just take the rest of the year off. But we got to talk about Artemi Panarin, man.
This kid, MVP candidate. The Rangers are an absolutely different team with him in the lineup.
But Biz, are they going to get a playoff spot? Are they going to stay hot enough to catch the
Bees? Well, I mean, as much as we've been pumping the bees tires they're only four points back as
we speak and and the rangers were the team i picked to win the division mind you so you're
welcome they were just uh clicking a little bit late and for panarin to come back after his time
away to just come back and do this it's i mean it's it's it's pretty impressive and i mean we
we mentioned about a month ago when zabinanejad went on that insane run where
he had like eight points and what do you have are six points in,
in back-to-back games or something, or at least the ranges. Yeah.
Or against the, the flyers flyers with no coaches on the bench,
but yeah, man, they've been very impressive and i think that
i think it would be fair and we talked about him a couple episodes ago adam fox like i think that
to a certain degree he's entered his name in the norris conversation he's been incredible i think
he's second in points right now lugging a ton of ice and and i don't i know we haven't had a chance
to uh pump him up especially earlier in the season when the team wasn't doing well but that's definitely a big reason as to the run that they've been on lately
Panarin second star of the week 10 points in the four games
last year it was like oh my god there's another level for this guy 90 points right or was he on
pace I don't know exactly maybe I'm'm messing that up, but it was like MVP
discussions. And then this year starts and he looks great, but then whatever happens with Russia
and that political stuff and him missing time for him to come back like this, it really is shocking.
Maybe I'm an idiot for being shocked at this point. And that when he plays, he's a, he's a,
he's a multi-point per game guy. It seems like. When he's on, it's two, three points.
And he's got an amazing ability to get open.
That's what I always notice.
He'll be on a two-on-one.
The other guy will be carrying the puck.
He knows when to go to the net.
He knows when to just stop up and just let that D-man continue to slide back.
He opens up for one time.
He scored a goal like that recently.
So makes that team so much better.
And now you don't hear everyone fire Quinn, fire Quinn.
I don't understand why anyone would say that this team looks,
they look improved and you can't,
I think people expected stuff out of the Rangers this year going back.
And what they were thinking in their head was the run that they went on for
about a month before the season was canceled because of COVID.
It might've been even a two month stretch. That was the team.
They're like, oh my God,
in the playoffs at the time when the season was delayed.
But then they came back and you saw them in the bubble
and they weren't great and they're young.
And then the expectations were just too high.
So now you're seeing a team who started off slow
and dealt with how young guys are
and dealt with Panarin being out.
And now they're catching their stride
similar to the way they did,
whatever it is now, a year ago, two years ago.
Fuck, my brain's broken trying to think what season that was.
But he changes the entire team.
And every night watching him, he's probably top five
most electrifying players to see if you're watching NHL games.
How's that?
95 points in 69 games last year, Witt.
Look at you, Witt.
Oh, my goodness.
69 games.
69 games.
Nice.
Someone's got to say it, right?
Also, too, the Rangers with a major fucking Twitter dunk on the Devils, too.
Back in February, the Devils tweeted.
Remember that?
That was a story.
It was a clip from a guy skating on the river in Europe,
and he did a wicked face plant into the ice.
It was like a frozen river.
Well, the Devils tweeted that with the Rangers logo on it,
and it says, oh, you're doing amazing, sweetie.
So the Rangers quote tweeted it Sunday.
He said, hey, thanks, you too, after they swept them four games in a row.
It was like wicked dunk.
But then the Rangers tried to come back and said, oh, wow,
someone let you have personality.
Finally, it's like, buddy, you take the L.
You lost this round.
Just walk away.
Are you saying the Devils came back on Twitter?
Yeah, they came back, like, quote, tweeted the quote tweet.
But if you're going to do that, you've got to really be funny.
And they've been absolute dog shit lately.
They fell off harder than any team.
Even Buffalo's playing better than them right now.
What are they, one?
I had one eight and one in their last ten uh you said one eight and two in their last 11
right all right that's what i had yeah they lost five in a row one eight and two in their last 11
uh it's funny because they trade a lot of guys and they just kind of went in a spiral and buffalo
kind of a different scenario obviously brought in the new coach business but once that i mean
even before that then once the deadline passed these kids are playing like the way everybody
thought they were going to play,
and they're doing it without Eichel.
I mean, they had a 2-1 in one week.
They're 6-3-2 since they lost that 18th game.
Just looks like a totally different team out there.
Eichel is out for the rest of the year.
He's going to need some surgery, but these kids are getting it done.
I mean, Middlestadt, Reinhardt, these kids are scoring like we thought they would.
See that, Whit?
Look at that notepad, Brando.
Those are fucking notes, buddy take take notes on my notes uh sabers they fired kruger mid-march they went oh six and one
out of the gate with uh don granato stepping in as the interim coach since then as of monday
six three and two wins against caps pens and flyers in that time. Other than one game, which is a 6-3 loss,
and it came to the New Jersey Devils, who we were just ragging on,
every game they've lost in that stretch that I mentioned,
that 6-3-2, it's all been by one goal.
So far more competitive than we've seen the rest of the year,
and this team is starting to turn around.
Now, Whit, I haven't been much a part of this.
You have mostly in your career. It's teams that are out of it by christmas now does part of this have to does part
of this have to do with that there's no pressure at this point it's the end of the season they got
some younger guys in the lineup with legs that are getting the ice time and they're just
there's no pressure on these guys right now yeah there's been no pressure on them since like the sixth game of the year.
But they got some goaltending.
Tokarski's first star of the week, right?
All year they've had no goaltending.
I don't think the Sabres were nearly as bad if Allmark wasn't injured.
He's good.
And they chose not to trade him.
They can try to resign him.
He's UFA.
He's a good goalie.
And they've had nothing.
And then Tokarski played real well. you're right guys are playing loose something's clicked in where
they're almost like finding an identity i i know that's like such a cliche but they had nothing
going you you just every night it was like lethargic and and all of a sudden now they're
they're like outworking teams and maybe guys are getting chances and just feeling better with a different coach's attitude.
But it was a struggle right off the bat with Granato too.
So it's not like you could say right away
that he switched it around.
Something ends up clicking.
When we were in Pittsburgh the year we were,
my rookie year, Crosby's rookie year, I should say.
I was just a little tag along.
We did get hot.
We were horrible.
And then at the end of the year we got pretty hot
and it's like i don't know what it is teams really start i'm not saying not not get prepared for you
but they underestimate you a little bit and then you just get a little goaltending and you're off
so i was talking to marty biran and he said that mostly he just says uh structurally defensively
they look a lot better uh the d are getting a little bit more of the green light to join in the play
and maybe hold the line a little bit.
Fuck, man, sometimes the Coyotes play so conservative,
and I say that too on my fucking pinch, man.
You got the F3 right there.
If he gets by you, big deal, scoop it up.
You're fucking in the neutral zone and play with the thing a little bit.
Try to keep it in the offensive zone.
And he says they've been doing that, mixed in with some of these youthful legs.
And one of the names you did mention in the text thread, R.A.,
was Middlestad, who, you know, we were questioning what he had.
And, you know, in the last little stretch here,
he's been fine in the back of the net.
I know that you've poked your head in on some games.
You said he looks a lot more impressive.
Yeah, I wrote last week, I mean,
this is a good time to bet some bad teams, because a lot of good teams are kind of locked in the playoff spot. So, you know, I think they're not ambition. What's the word? I don't know. Maybe they're not as into it. Whereas a team like Buffalo and Detroit, they've been some tough outs last week alone. Buffalo covered a puck line at plus 700 and another one at plus 600. So yeah, I mean, middle stats been good. Reinhardt's been good. It's just like they're playing loose. The two veterans get traded hall and stall and that feels like it may be kind
of unburdened them to like, all right,
we're just going to be the young kids playing our game here.
And obviously it's worked for them so far. So, you know,
Buffalo is not out of the woods yet. They still got some work to do,
but at least the fans have something to watch.
We've been taking sky dumps on them for the last four months.
So we figured, Hey, let's, let's, let's turn this fucker around boys.
Wouldn't you want to keep losing though though, if you're a Sabres fan like they're
going to win themselves out of the first first
overall pick? Well, I don't think so.
Is that possible? Yeah. I mean, if
they're only three points behind Ottawa, but
same time, Ottawa is playing good, too. If anything,
I would think New Jersey, if they keep sinking, they could end
up in that spot. But of course, there's a lottery,
so you're not guaranteed the actual number one spot.
But either way, I boys, I think it's're not guaranteed the actual number one spot. Either way, all right, boys.
I think it's about time we brought on
superstar goal scorer
David Pasternak, a.k.a. Pasternak.
Look how giddy R.A. is because we got another
brewing on. I love it.
You guys are giddy, too. Don't play dumb here.
He was awesome.
He's a fun guy to talk to. But first,
whether she prefers a
statement piece or everyday subtle elegance,
BlueNile.com has fine jewelry for every mom.
Mark Mother's Day with something enduring, classic diamond stud earrings,
elegant tennis bracelets, birthstone pendants, and so much more on BlueNile.com.
Celebrating the special one in your life?
On BlueNile.com, you can easily navigate thousands of fine jewelry options
at every price point bluenile.com is also great for anniversary and birthday gifts but just to say
i love you pick from a vast selection of preset diamond jewelry bluenile offers endless options
of carrots metals and settings ready to ship the same day or build your own diamond jewelry with
online tools that seamlessly walk you through the process.
I'm going to show you a gorgeous pair of earrings right here.
Where's the logo blue now?
Look at these bad boys.
These are gorgeous.
And my old lady's hot as hell anyways, but she throws these on.
She's even hotter.
So check out bluenile.com.
You get expert advice, 24 seven legendary service with 30 days return,
30 day returns.
And blue now is different from their competitors.
They don't mock up to mock down.
That means blue now.com everyday prices are competitive to other online
retailer sale prices.
And when you commit to a piece,
so does blue Nile guaranteed service and repair for life.
So this mother's day,
give mom something she'll treasure forever with jewelry from blue now.com
and spitting chiclets. Listeners get 50 off your purchase over 500.
This podcast exclusive is only good for chiclets listeners.
Use the code chiclets.
Again, that's code chiclets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Plus every order is insured, ships free,
and arrives in discreet packaging that won't give away what's inside.
Shop stress-free on blNile.com today.
Again, check these bad boys out.
I want your girl to look even hotter.
I want your partner.
Check out BlueNile.com.
And now we're going to send it over to Pasta, David Pastanac.
It's been a little over two years since we had this guy on the show at the All-Star Game in San Jose.
Since then, he's become one of the game's elite snipers,
won the Rocket Rashad Trophy last year, along with Ovechkin,
and being named a first-team All-Star
at season's end, as well as finishing fourth
in MVP voting. This guy's a blast
to watch on the ice, having fun out there, and we're psyched
to get him back on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Thanks for joining us once again, David Pasternak.
How you been, Paster? Hey, guys.
Good to see you. Thanks for having me back again.
It feels like forever. God damn it.
That was two years ago already?
Yeah.
You guys had me in that bus in San Jose?
I was looking way better last time.
You've really popped off since then.
Yeah, you've popped off on the ice,
but you look like shit off the ice compared to that.
You were rocked.
That's when Dana Beers was throwing up in the back room on the bus, Mikey.
Isn't that the same interview?
It was. It was.
That's right.
So you guys just got a little injection of talent at the trade deadline.
Did the room get a little bit above the snow
and you got a shitload of guys coming in to help the team or what?
Yeah, it's awesome.
Obviously, it's been fun yesterday and today, you know,
getting new guys.
Seems like great guys, obviously.
I don't know them yet
that well, but obviously they
helped us pull a big win yesterday
against Buffalo. So, you know,
excited, excited. We got a huge talent
in the locker room, so it's going to be fun, hopefully.
Have you ever played a schedule
like this before, where you're just playing the same
team over and over and over again?
No, no. And especially coming
off of the week we had last,
we played five and seven.
I don't think I've ever done that in my career either.
So it was crazy, you know, same teams.
But, you know, obviously the whole season is kind of different.
So it's always a good experience.
Hey, Witt, that's what we were playing in the American League,
five and seven.
That's what they were preparing those guys for.
No, I never did the 5-7, but I did 4-5 four times in a row
to finish the season once in Wilkes-Barre.
Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
So 5-7 is an even bigger joke.
Yeah, I mean, I've been in the NHL too, so I can tell you guys.
I played 3-3.
You played, like, what, 20 games in the NHL?
You didn't experience the real grind of the always hungry league.
Yeah, I think I played between 24, 27 games, but a great experience, you know,
learn a lot from the older guys, had a great group there.
So, so happy I went to it, you know.
The last time we talked to you, you know, you were big into the fashion.
It seems like you kind of got this loose collar shirt on.
You're rocking a few chains there too.
Is that the new style?
Looking a little bit like Biebs?
Oh, man.
It's just a tough day today.
Just went, wore my ass off at the ring and came home
and just stay in the same clothes as I dressed up at 8 a.m.
So, well, we got 8 p.m. You know, just T-shirt home, T-shirt, man.
Just being cozy, you know.
Hey, first guy to get there, last guy to leave post.
Everyone knows that about you.
Helping picking up the pox at the end of practice,
just working your bag off every day.
Every day, man.
Well, I want to ask because you mentioned older guys and
zidane ochar you've played against him a few times now but he got to see that video with
some fans in the arena how good was that and then also how weird was it playing against him that
first time oh man i i got chills especially because it was second game right him being
back but first game with uh at least some of the fans.
So obviously when the fans was in the building, it gave me chills, you know,
especially like big man, a big part of me growing up as a person and as a pro athlete.
So, you know, I have a lot of thinking about, but the main thing that stick in my head
is with the game seven when he played after the surgery, right?
And I was actually telling Marci that, like, it's crazy how on the jumbotron
it doesn't even sound that loud.
But I remember standing on the blue line and all the fans just screaming
that he's actually playing in that game.
It was obviously great memories.
And we all miss Z and we all know how good a pro he was and leader
so it's awesome but at the same
time it's crazy to play against him
you know and
like I'm so scared to
talk to him on the ice because I know he's so
in the game that
I feel like we speak same language
but I'm just so quiet
setting up next to him on the face
so I just let him
let him focus so this is weird do you know the term tummy sticks tummy sticks yes we just
tap in sticks to say hello or yeah biz uses the term in terms of guys out there laughing it up
against someone they're playing against and and for the most part zidane ocharta is the exact
opposite of tummy stinks he doesn't
give a shit if you started laughing with him he'd probably slash you yeah yeah that's fun so pasta
when you would see when you were playing with him if he would see other czech players from other
teams like even during the game and and even in warm-ups he was very stone cold and then he would
wait to after in the hallway then to go talk to them?
Yeah, that's pretty much you put it right on the spot.
You know, that just shows how main focused he is on this game and how much he loves it.
And he's, you know, big pro.
So he's just focusing on the game.
Obviously, the first two games, we didn't talk much.
But the third game, I finally was like,
I got to talk to this guy on the face.
And he just gave me, he just yelled at me that i didn't reply to his text which was not true by the way but um so i guess he was the one who didn't reply my text but uh so he gave me
a little chirp there right away uh that i didn't reply so uh but dropped and i skated away rather
the first thing i could think of is is Z's early days when Jager came up
and Jager's trying to say hi to him and he's like ghosting him.
He suckers him.
Now, I want to bring up Jager, though.
He's still back home playing, still scoring goals.
Like, how  like, do you still talk to buddies who might go to games back home?
That's great because, obviously, Vlada, our goalie who's up here now,
he's also from Czech.
He's from the same town as Jaks, right?
So he played there growing up.
Basically, he's the owner of the club and he's still playing.
So, you know, obviously your teammate is an owner in the locker room.
So it's like, I can't even imagine, man.
He's obviously like, I can't believe he's still playing and scoring.
And he's still open.
It's 2021 and you still open Czech newspapers about sport
and you're reading about Jaguar every morning.
So it's legendary, you know, and it's crazy.
And I can't even imagine.
I want to ask you about a tweet back from the, around the bubble,
the tweet about Tom Wilson.
You said, in my opinion, Tom Wilson is the best goal scorer in the league.
What's the story behind that?
I think if there is a place to tell the truth, this is it.
So I respect that pasta.
I obviously lost a bet.
Okay.
Which I was really confident going into.
And the bet was basically if I lose, I'm going to make this tweet.
And if I win, me and Tom Wilson, because we played around Robin, right?
We played against Washington.
So this bet happened before around Robin.
And if I would won, we would drop gloves and basically I
would throw a punch and knock the shit out of Tommy which he was risking a lot then he was
really that's what he said that's why he was saying I I knew I'm gonna have to win this battle
so he said he gave it all and he always beat me by by mile. Not really going to get into what the bet was, but he beat me by a mile.
And, yeah, so I tweeted out.
And, you know, it was kind of funny.
And it's crazy.
I still get the tweets to this day.
You know, every goal he scored, I just get mentioned on it and that I was right.
So, yeah, I got absolutely roasted in that bet.
I know.
He chugs beers so fast.
He's pretty good, man.
I was really happy going into that too, man.
I heard it was a guano wrestling.
Is that how you say it?
Hey, that will never leave my memory.
This is one of my favorite memories of Greasy
absolutely beating the shit out of Charlie McAvoy.
I still have the video on my phone to this day and I will never.
I love it, man.
He's a bulldog.
He's a little bulldog.
I would have thought McAvoy would have crushed him in that, though.
Like, that's pretty impressive.
Imagine we were betting money on that.
Everybody would lose.
Like, it was insane.
Big boy Chucky would have been minus 300 in that little battle but the charlestown boy just rips his head off
i want to ask have you ever personally wrestled
hey so i know this is stories okay war championships all these canadian americans
wrestle and the room i think it was my first World Championship
that I heard about wrestling in the hotel rooms,
that we were the same floor as the Canadian team.
And we were like, what is going on?
So basically, yes, I did it one time.
I wrestled with Tim Schaller.
No, sorry, Sean Corrales.
And I made him tap out.
I can't believe it to this day.
I can't believe it.
That's another underdog win, I would think, right?
He's kind of a rangy bastard.
So, yeah, he's strong.
So I don't know what I was thinking.
But I don't know if it was letting me or something,
but I can't believe that because I was chirping him for this for a while.
And, yeah, that was my only time and you
know you're gonna finish on the top so I never went back to that boys I think the league should
start doing instead of shootout one guy from each team has to line up at center ice and they iguana
wrestle for who's gonna get the extra point I'm not I'm not I'm not kidding I think that's the
best idea you've ever had in your life imagine the people tuning in for those at the end of the game
who would you guys send first um uh pasta if you guys had to let's say it was a best of three
round who would you send up as your three guys for the iguana wrestling for the that's so easy
because i'll tell you right now um you're gonna save kevin miller for game three, I think. Oh, yeah. He's the closer.
You have to save Kevin Miller for game three.
And then I would definitely go like... I have number one, but I'm thinking about number two right now.
And I think I'm going to go with Chris Wagner, you know, as a number game two.
And wait for this game one, John Moore, zero chance.
Everybody, we are going, if I'm going with John Moore,
I already know winning one, nothing in the series.
John Moore, is that legit at it?
Absolutely.
So John Moore versus Kevin Millar, and it's a possible coin flip,
or is that beast just taking anyone down?
Oh my God, that is, that is tough one. That is a coin flip, but I think. taking anyone down? Oh, my God. That is tough one.
That is a coin flip, I think.
Pasta, let me ask you this.
Did you not pick Marchand because he's not clutching shootouts
because he overskates the puck?
Oh, man.
Yeah, I guess.
I almost forgot about it.
That's a good story.
What was the back?
So you were on the bench laughing.
Was Tuukka Rast not sitting there and had to go down the hall?
No, I was not laughing at all, man.
We lost the game, right?
But obviously on the shootout in the Philly,
I'm the last guy on the bench straight to the tunnel, right?
But Marci is going towards the left side
and the tunnel is towards the right side. So my head is obviously turned to the tunnel right but marshy is going towards the left side and the tunnel is towards
the right side so my head is obviously turned to the left and he missed it so we lost the game so
i turned around to the right and obviously the backup goalie usually waits till everybody goes
to the room and i just look at tuka being in his freaking turtles like this dying laughing
and i don't think much of it but it just freaking blows me out.
I started laughing so much.
But obviously, I forgot walking into the tunnel.
I'm the first guy, and obviously, there's a camera right in my face.
And I'm like, oh, my God.
This comes out, we just lost the game.
But it was so funny.
I can't forget the face of Tuca being just up to his eyes,
hidden in the shoulder pads.
So now it's obviously funny to talk about.
The only time I've seen the turtle is usually when a coach is yelling
and somebody's laughing and they kind of sink in the locker room
when he's losing his mind.
If you ever got called in by Cassidy that he was pissed off you
were laughing you'd be like you pull up that clip right now and you try not to laugh watching it in
front of me and it won't happen because it's one of the best bloopers I've ever seen Tuka that's
awesome when was that that was in Philly yeah well I think that might have been that was actually
last last game pretty much before the COVID started. No, maybe not. I think it was definitely one of the last games last year.
Dude, speaking of last year, I mean, like you,
the year before you really dominated, you played 66 games.
But then last year it was like just another level,
one of the best players in the NHL.
And it must have been so brutal, not only for you,
but the team you guys were rolling when COVID hit.
Was there something that changed in the offseason the year before
that really you felt that much better going into the season?
To be honest, I actually, before this year, obviously,
I had in the offseason, I had surgery.
But before this year, I have not changed anything since I get to the NHL.
I had the same strength coach.
I had everything the same.
You know, it's been working for me.
I was elevating my game every year so I haven't uh I haven't been I haven't changed much uh before that last year so
I was doing everything if something then this year obviously was totally different you know
between the offseason with all this COVID and my surgery obviously I got to know my body totally
different like you know all these uh little exercises for
for my hip and stuff was obviously a little different but it was great experience you know
and injuries are part of it so uh it was definitely tough mentally you know obviously
I'm very outgoing my big part of uh of fights workouts are like the other sports like soccer
and tennis you know know, for running.
I don't want to go running in the circles for 30 minutes.
So I do a lot of sports.
So it was challenging for me this off-season, but, you know,
just it's part of it.
Past, I want to ask about Patrice Bergeron.
He's one of the most respected guys in the league.
What makes him such a great leader for you and for the Bruins?
Man, it's incredible, you know,
to be with him in the locker room every day.
It's just insane.
And I kind of knew this question was going to be coming.
So I was trying to prepare. And, you know, he's one of these leaders
that you're just going to be in that locker room to hear him, man.
As soon as he opens his mouth, you know, everything sounds perfect.
Everything sounds perfect.
You know, it's not even his first language,
but he's just, you know, always have the right say
and what he's saying about.
So, you know, you would just have to meet him,
be in the locker room.
He's an unbelievable leader, you know,
and I'm so lucky to
play
online with him and learn from him.
The funny thing is, like, me and Marci,
we bark at each other a lot, you know,
during games, and in a kind of funny
way, we love each other, you know, the ice
and stuff, but on the ice, we
kind of have sometimes
a little barking at each other, but
then Bergi is just sitting in the middle of us.
And I remember me and Marci was just going at it for like a good 30 seconds,
like back and forth.
And then just Bergi goes like, enough!
And absolutely silent.
Silent.
No other word was spoken until the next shift.
And this is just unbelievable.
spoken till the next shift and this is just unbelievable you know that uh so i'm so lucky to to be uh his uh lineman and learn from him every day he's legit driving a station wagon biz and his
two kids are in the back seat he's had enough at one point that's it yeah national lampoons uh
when you're chirping back and forth on the bench with marshy is it little things like hey put that
on my tape and he's like oh fuck you you missed me one last shift like little stuff like that
uh not really about that we more like uh you know so yeah sometimes like he he we always get a get
on each other he gets on me like sometimes being you know hard on the parts and harder
and then playing harder you know on the pucks and harder and then playing harder
you know on the forecheck and stuff and sometimes i i get on him about you know setting up on the
pp instead you know just the little things just a classic hockey like um but how i said we love
each other it's obviously fun and uh we always have a good laugh after you know is that one thing
that you've taken from him since playing with him? Because I know all summer long he trains with Sid.
And talk about two guys who are a little bit undersized
given today's standards,
but they are so fucking good along the walls.
It's incredible.
They never, never lose puck battles.
No.
It's actually yesterday that I asked him,
how he protects the puck so well.
I don't think I have  I think he protects the puck.
He's one of the freaking best players in the league by protecting his puck.
You know, it's crazy.
He just put it in his feet.
And he has a long stick for his size.
He has a long stick.
So I don't know how he freaking put the stick, like, between his feet
and still makes plays from his feet, you know? And, and he, that's what he said.
He's like, I just put it between my feet and covered with my body.
So he's definitely one of the best players with freaking being strong on the
puck and, and seems like just sticks to him, you know? So yeah,
I just talked to him about it for 10 minutes yesterday because every time I
turn up, I feel like my puck is so far away from my body, you know?
Yeah, it's crazy.
He also, a lot of guys do it against the wall.
He's on a one-on-one, and he somehow, like,
will pivot and throw it in his feet.
And as a defenseman, I was terrible going on anyone
against a one-on-one, but for that,
it's like you don't really know how to approach it
because all he's waiting for you to do is push on his back,
and he's sliding off you the other way.
He's always like going off of people's shoulders.
So, I don't know, to see him do that, I can't imagine like
you just try to get open.
You know he's coming out of the corner with it.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
That's the thing, you know.
You just room it behind and then you know he's somehow getting
even like on the face-offs, you know, it's not hard for the wingers.
I mean, it's not easy for the wingers. Sometimes the face-off is 50-offs, you know, it's not hard for the wingers. I mean, it's not easy for the wingers.
Sometimes the face-off is 50-50, you know,
and it comes to the D and the forward on the winger, you know,
and he's so good at just lifting the stick
and just getting the puck to the point.
So these little things, it's just incredible.
But at the same time, you know, I see in practice every day,
I see how competitive this guy is.
He battles every single day in the practice.
So, you know, obviously it's coming from there, I'm pretty sure.
Pastor, a few months ago, you were a big hit at Lake Tahoe,
had the old school yellow jerseys on.
But whose idea were the Macho Man sunglasses?
Well, that was actually part of my outfit.
You know, we did 80s, 90s outfits.
But it was a part of my outfit.
And I obviously came in the uh what is it
called when we were not the locker room but we had like uh the warming hut the bang bust
no it was like the tent tent oh yeah that oh yeah the tent yeah yeah okay so i was like oh yeah
that's close you got a nice hair though anyway yeah so I was in the tent for like
hour and a half or hour 45 right since we got I didn't leave the tent I warmed up in the tent
and stuff and then I just came out of that and it was so bright and I would and Bergie was like
right in front of me I was like Bergie you might you mind if I run back for the sunglasses and
wear them on the warm-up he He's like, no, go ahead.
I was like, yeah.
I was so happy.
I was running back to the sunglasses.
And, you know, obviously didn't know it was going to be such a big hit.
And it was fun, man. It was amazing.
And I enjoyed it so much.
And then the post-game interview, that was awesome.
You guys came out.
You're bumping Barbie Girl after the win?
Dude, I was the DJ.
I was the DJ. Last time I wasj was when tory krug was sick and we played in washington after they won their cup first game
in the season and we lost seven nothing so i've never got to be dj again and uh that was my second
chance so i i put the 80s on for the whole before game. Guys pumping it up, loving it.
So then I came, obviously, back after the game,
and they were like, put a Barbie Girl song on.
So I just put it on, and immediately I was like,
started feeling it, right?
It was fun.
We won the game.
Yeah.
You're only human.
And I just got up.
I was like, you're going to talk to media. So I was kind of disappointed at the same time.
So I was like, I'm wearing these sunglasses because I just want to get out of there.
No, I was, that was quite the moment.
It was all over the internet, buddy.
I haven't, I actually haven't seen it because I can't even, I can't even hear myself speaking English.
You know, it's, it's just, oh, I just mumbling all the the words around. And sometimes this is what comes out, you know.
How do you feel, R.A.?
Welcome to the club.
Whatever.
Welcome to the club.
R.A. listens to every one of our episodes.
Imagine that.
No, I want to ask Paz.
You show up for the games with some nice suits and funky stuff once in a while,
but they also let you guys go casual in the bubble.
Do you think the teams or maybe the league should let up a little bit,
let guys, you know, dress a little more casual?
Yeah, I mean, before the bubble, I thought, yeah,
it would be a good idea, you know, to have no outfit rule and stuff
and kind of like let your personality grow a little bit more in the bubble.
We obviously had no outfit rule,
but we still kind of had an outfit rule,
you know?
So it was like right in between.
So,
uh,
I was,
I mean,
I don't mind the suit,
you know,
I think it's either all or nothing.
I think,
uh,
you either have legit your own option and,
uh,
or you have to go fully suit and i don't mind neither of those so uh
after the bubble experience i would say i would stick with the suits for sure
now i've got one more for you when you you know first get to the bees locker room you obviously
have a vibrant personality but that first locker we got a lot of serious veterans in there were
you just quiet and trying to listen or were you trying to be yourself? How did that all work out your first year with the Bees?
Oh, man, I just, I was silent.
Like, obviously, I was just smiling around and just smiling and creeping, man.
Just trying to learn from all the big dogs, you know.
And then Looch, like, would walk in, like,
and then I would just, like, sink in the stall, like, try to hide.
No, but obviously, there's a lot of big guys there
and, you know, obviously a big core who won the cup.
So I was actually just silent, smiling and trying to learn
and, you know, put my head down and this is what I got to do.
He just celebrated his 1,000th game.
Did you text him?
Yeah, I'm so happy for him you
know it's he took a big care of me when we were kind of close neighbors when i my first couple
years so uh so happy for him i saw he dropped the glass too on his thousand games so so it's
unbelievable i did i did text him and and uh happy for him and not many like big luch i i said
i saw that someone sent a tweet like,
who actually plays their thousands game and squares off at Santa Rice?
It was just, that was so perfect, Looch.
He's actually come on the show with us a couple of times,
and he's got so many good opinions on the game.
I love chatting with him because people,
I think people think that maybe so quiet stuff,
but if you get to know him, he's an absolute blast to hang out with.
Yeah, he's the best.
You will not be bored with him, that's for sure.
He can gas beers.
Crush.
With his teeth.
I would love to see Tom Wilson and Milan Lucic battle for a chug beer.
I saw both of them chug it,ging That would be a tough battle
Pretty good trap too
Hey I got a question
It's a little more on a serious note
But right now Tuukka's out
And you realize how much this team needs him
And I don't know
And I'm guessing you don't pay much attention
But so many fans are complaining about Tuukka
And he catches so much heat
From so many absolute morons
I think in in Boston.
Does it bug you as a teammate of his to see that when fans get on him?
It doesn't bug me because I know he has no idea.
And, you know, he just, this is nothing he can do.
You know, this is just roles that hit him in his life.
And this is just the way it is you know he can't do
anything about it you know he's if you know Tukes he's just a such a nice calm guy and you know
doesn't I mean this is hard for me in English right now because I don't know the right words
but you know he's just so calm about everything and and doesn't doesn't you't take opinions that are not seriously,
you know, really much heavy or hard to his head.
You know, he's just a calm guy.
He's going to show up to the ring every single day,
you know, work his butt off and leave.
But, you know, that's just two guys.
And we all love him in Lokar.
He's an unbelievable guy.
And personally, one of my closest friends there.
Yeah, basically, you're just saying that he doesn't let anything from the outside
just even bother him.
He's going about his business.
Yeah, absolutely.
Okay, I hear you.
Is pasta actually your pregame meal?
Is that true?
Yeah, it's actually the only thing I eat.
Sometimes I skip breakfast. Usually on optional skates, I skip breakfast if I eat, sometimes I skip breakfast.
Usually on optional skates, I skip breakfast if I don't go on the ice, you know.
So I'm perfectly hungry for the lunch.
And, yeah, I just eat the spaghetti and meat sauce, man.
That's all I do.
Now, didn't you drop it one time on an elevator, we heard,
and you ended up having to get subway and you had four goals that night?
Is that true?
Oh, my God.
It's funny.
You must have heard that from  I know exactly.
That was an unbelievable story.
So I'm coming, park my car outside, obviously having lunch, you know,
in my one-hand phone, which is normally this world,
and drinks and some bio still in my other hand,
and just going to
the elevator obviously full hands trying to press the button and boom whole meat sauce and pasta
and spaghetti just all in the elevator and i'm just freaking out it's like 12 30 and like oh my
god it's i need to nap like what am i gonna do i'm not gonna cook spaghetti and meat sauce and stuff. So I ordered Subway, actually, the food, nice food, long, you know,
and scored three goals that game.
All right, he lives in the North End and he got Subway.
Did you get Subway the next game because you scored three goals?
I don't.
I'm not like this.
I'm not a very superstitious boy.
With that, I'm not very superstitious.
I did save it.
I usually, when something works, I'd be like, okay,
I come back to it like in three weeks, try it again.
And that's a good point.
I actually have not come back to the subway.
I think I'm waiting until I drop it off next time in the elevator.
I might drop it off on purpose next game because I've been grinding here
lately.
Yeah.
You got to get the hands going again.
Just drop that pasta.
I was going to say,
Sid would have been chucking pasta sauce
all over his head every game.
He would have had Vitaly doing it for him.
Oh, my goodness.
Torrey Krug, we haven't discussed him.
I mean, obviously, seeing him leave
must have been very, very tough for you, buddy.
Yeah, big time.
Obviously, my really close friend and my neighbor, we were spending a lot of time together. seeing him leave must have been very very tough for you buddy yeah big time obviously my you know
really close friend and my neighbor right so we were spending a lot of time together
um in the season and off season so you know tough uh but this is the hockey world right you can't
do anything we are still in contact he just celebrated 30 year 30th birthday the other day. So I was texting him.
You know, I'm obviously having a baby.
He's waiting for a second baby.
So I texted him.
We have a lot of celebrating to catch up this summer.
So I obviously miss him.
You know, he's a great guy.
Well loved to be around in the locker room and comes in every day.
Have some good stories.
You know, the classic American college guys,
they always have something to talk about.
So, you know, I mean, I'm really sorry,
but hopefully see him in the summer.
Any names picked out for the baby?
Sounds so easy, but we are very, very absolutely zero chance.
We started to call some names,
and then obviously in a week or two,
it's just like, oh my God, this is not going to work.
So I also like, she's Swedish, I'm Czech
and we live in America.
So we're mixing all this like,
my mom doesn't speak English.
So we're like, oh my God,
she won't be able to pronounce this name.
Oh yeah, you got different factors.
So this is fun.
Hey Dave, Pasternak.
It's going to be interesting to choose,
but no, we're always excited and be tough.
You left home at 16.
Was that a tough move for you?
And why did you decide on Sweden at that age?
I had two options, technically.
I could go to Canada, you know, and Canada and Sweden.
And I remember my agent telling me that and I was like,
I'm going to Sweden.
I was like 167, not even 150 pounds.
I was like, I can't go to Canada.
They're going to destroy me over there in the junior, you know.
So I was like, Sweden is the move.
And it was tough, it was tough because I'm a very talkative guy and stuff, you know, I want
to get, I want to be well-liked around the guy in the locker room, and I want to be part
of conversation, and I couldn't speak, right, so I was just sitting there, couldn't say,
I couldn't speak Swedish, couldn't speak English, and speak English and so that was tough but you know it's crazy how uh how I was thrown in the ocean and I in three months three
months uh from then I was just speaking English and having conversation with the teammates and I
have absolutely zero idea how I learned you know how I like I can't even explain but obviously so
uh it wasn't hard the only hard part was like I couldn't talk to the guys but uh you know I can't even explain but obviously so it wasn't hard the only hard part was like I
couldn't talk to the guys but you know I didn't get homesick I was enjoying it I was like
you know I have to grow up at some point anyway so it was a great experience you know I would never
I would never be where I'm at if I wouldn't make that move in my career. I'm just curious is that
like because there's a Czech senior league, right?
But was it more about getting seen more
in the Swedish league or over in Canada
in terms of being your draft year
or the years leading up to your draft?
Yeah, that was definitely the draft.
You know, obviously, you don't, the only,
if you're a Czech player and you're playing in Czech,
there's not many scouts flying to Czech,
although we have a good beer there,
so I don't understand why not.
Sure, and rockets.
But you don't get many scouts there,
so obviously your only chance is the World Junior 18, right?
And if that doesn't go well, then you're screwed.
So it was an easy decision for me.
And how I said, I was, you know, I was back in Czech,
I would always like, you know, you would be having workouts,
you would do like, you would have to do like 10 reps of squats
and I would always do like six, you know, and stuff.
And then I came to Sweden as a 15, you know, turning 16 that summer.
And coach comes into the gym and he just posts the workout and he leaves.
I'm like, that happened in Czech.
There's zero guys who would make that workout.
And every single guy in that team
just stood up and do the workout.
And I'm still sitting there.
And then I hear all these 20 blonde guys
just yelling at me.
And I have no idea what they're talking to me.
So then until
the captain you know came up and and lift me up from the church like you're gonna like saying like
lift you're gonna lift you know so i had to work out but it's crazy because the coach didn't even
pay attention he just put the workout in in the gym and left and everybody just immediately stood
up and started doing everything you know and every single thing on the paper.
So that was huge.
It's one of my favorite stories, you know,
because that was a huge turnaround in my career.
I was like, okay, I guess it does take hard work.
Did you drastically see the difference in your on-ice performance
based on all that off-ice training you were doing?
Yeah, 100.
You know, you're still young,
so obviously you're not lifting 200 pounds or stuff,
but you're just doing stuff, basically, right?
That's all that matters.
You're just doing some extra stuff.
And that's where I...
The other thing was you could go on the ice there by yourself,
not as a practice, anytime you wanted.
And that was heaven for me right back in czech we have one ice ring in the in the city and especially
where i'm from and so that was huge for me i spent time on the ice like two hours by myself
all the time and i you know just enjoying it so it was uh definitely could feel different right
away hopefully we're gonna get the olympics next year I know that's lined up. We'll see if it happens.
Are you excited to get in the Olympics? Have you played in the Olympics
before? No, man.
It's
a dream come true
obviously, especially for European
players.
For me, it was so hard
to follow NHL as growing up
with time change and stuff.
You obviously don't stay up late
and you don't have much internet back in the day
for myself so
my only dream was
to play for Czech national team
the world championship and Olympics
so
I'm that close
and it will obviously be
a dream come true
and
I can't really wait.
And I hope everything's going to go right
and be able to obviously represent my country there.
I want to ask him about the Zoomy Zoomy.
Something that you texted me, Grinnelli.
I got to ask him some story.
You're giggling.
Can you ask him the question?
Yeah, Jake DeBrusque has told me that you are one of the worst uh
drinking games you're terrible at drinking games on the planes what's zoomy zoomy by the way
zoomy zoomy is uh so you got one zoomy he's the main guy and then you got let's say 10 other guys
and obviously i'm the worst guy bis you could ever ask to explain something like that,
some game like that.
Okay.
All right.
Anyway, and I know all of you guys know what Zoomy Zoom is,
but I'm going to grind it out. I have no clue what that is.
Do you know what it is, Grinnelli?
Can you explain it?
Yeah, basically, like, you have to be like,
Zoomy, Zoomy, one, and then someone has to be like, one, five,
and you keep kind of passing along numbers.
Everybody has a number, yeah.
Everyone has a number, and you kind of have to say your number
and then say someone else's number, and then they have to go.
And then they say their number, and then they say someone else's number.
So it's like a telephone.
So Pasta's the worst player on the planet?
Damn pretty good.
No, obviously, but, like, it's a language barrier, eh?
Let's leave it at a language barrier.
It's obviously speed-up-based, so it starts, like, pretty slow,
but the game obviously
speed ups right you get the main zoomie zoomie so anytime you want to call up zoomie zoomie he can
choose the speed so he can speed it up as much as he can and he can slow it down as much as he can
and obviously uh i'm pretty good when it's slow but uh once it speed ups and uh you know especially
when i have number like 13, like 13,
like it's impossible to say in a quick game.
So, you know, I just chug the drink then.
Yeah, it's like, and when you're on your 13th beer,
you cannot even remember your own Zoomy number.
So you can't lose at this game.
It's great.
Yeah, win-win, exactly.
Win-win, baby.
Well, Pasta, it's great catching up with you. It-win baby well pasta we we man it's
great catching up with you it's amazing
to see where your career's taken off
become a superstar and and we appreciate
you coming on I know you guys have games
every night so give us 40 minutes I
think it's a much appreciated so thank
you absolutely thanks guys for having me
I had a blast with you guys and and
busy I hope I have some of your uh
scoring touch next couple games i know buddy we could do a couple zoom training sessions i'll teach you that uh pull and release like matthews i taught it to him fucking you're
welcome matthews oh yeah by the way this guy is absolutely on another level oh my goodness
pasta get a perm get a perm and we can have matching salads.
Have the blonde version.
I'm going to go work on it right now.
I've got still 840, nothing else to do.
So I'm going to try it.
Send us a picture.
That'll go along with this episode.
All right, pasta.
Knock them dead, buddy.
Thanks, guys.
Have a good one.
Huge thanks to Pasta for joining us, us man just such a great kid such a
nice kid love chatting with him and of course he got the old checklist bump scored a couple games
later hopefully we'll get a few more get out of that little funk um hey guys i want to tell you
about shady rays shady rays is an independent sunglasses company so they do things their way
something that's very rare in their industry. Shady Rays are premium polarized shades
at a fraction of the price of the big name brands. There's no need to overpay for sunglasses that
don't hold up in the outdoors and it's just going to get roughed up anyways. The craziest thing
about Shady Rays is the warranty. This is one of the strongest warranties in all of eyewear.
Replacements if shades are lost or broken for any reason, doesn't matter what happens. You dropped
in the ocean, lake, out fishing, drunk with your buddies and you spill them in boston harbor they will replace them try that
with your typical high price shades and see if they'll help you even with that strong of a
warranty they still manage to make quality that seems just as good as any expensive pair that
i've ever worn the polarized lenses that look perfectly clear and they start at just 48 dollars
shady rays also provides 10 meals to fight hunger in america with every order place and they start at just 48. Shady Rays also provides 10 meals to fight hunger in America
with every order placed, and they have donated over 15 million meals to date.
It's another great reason to get them.
They also have free returns and exchanges.
You either love the Shades or Shady Rays will pay you to ship them back.
That's it.
Change the way you wear sunglasses and join the team that has you back to life.
Shady Rays is running their deepest deal of the season exclusively for us.
Use the code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
for 50 off two or more pairs at ShadyRays.com.
Buy one, get one free.
You get two pairs for 48.
You can't beat it, and if you lose it, they replace it.
This is an unreal deal.
You can redeem only at ShadyRays.com,
where you can find all their newest and best shades.
Myself, I'm a turtle.
I'm a tortoiseshell guy.
I don't know if you've noticed that over the years.
Big tortoiseshell sunglass guy.
Yeah, my regular glasses too.
Okay.
You know what I'm talking about?
That's your steez.
I got a little bit distracted here because Grinelli just texted something to the group chat.
And it's something that you alluded to earlier on in the episode with in the North Division.
Hyman, sprained MCL will at least uh two weeks right now and um worse sheldon
keeps comments is hyman avoided the worst that's for sure and it goes to you saying that he you
know once you get your your boot off the ice and it's not kind of locked in, that's when shit can get real messy. Yeah, exactly.
Speaking from expertise, Mr. No ACLs here.
One other quick note is on Buffalo.
I was watching them on the laptop yesterday,
and the craziest thing that out of my feed came that video
of the storm in Buffalo, the bison, whatever natural park was in.
Remember the one I sent you guys?
It was just rampaging buffaloes,
and the craziest thing I was watching the Sabres, and it it was just rampage and buffaloes and i the
craziest thing i was watching the sabers and it wasn't one of those things where you know your
computer is listening to you like an advertisement and they poke it up it was already in the feed
that there's rampage and buffalo come on there on the buffalo sabers game so to describe the video
a little bit better is there was some cars pulled over on the side of this two-lane highway and
there must have been i don't know 500 buffalo and these things were where was it
it didn't specify i mean presumably somewhere out west but didn't say what state like two lanes each
way wit and they just came onto the road and like they were like they probably would have like
trucked anyone anything in the way no oh there was cars there they're fucking dead dunzo's dunzo yeah what was funny because when you see some of them they'd get in the lane and no? There was no cars there. They're fucking dead. Dunzo's.
What was funny, Biz, when you see some of them, they'd get in the lane
and they'd stop at the car and they'd
have to figure out how to get back into the fucking
stampede there or whatever, but
it's just kind of hilarious because we've become kind of like
a fucking Animal Kingdom show.
You should go be a rancher.
You should go out west.
Maybe Yellowstone needs
an extra for the next.
You can get a moose to have breakfast with.
He's going to have ostriches there.
He's going to have the squirrel exhibit.
His great grandson squirrel from his original pet, Clamp Chowderhead.
Oh, actually, well, I'm not going to give it away,
but me and another employee at Boston,ool are going to be making a travel pitch
for August because we don't do a lot in August.
So I'm not going to get into it, but we're going to try to do a little travel.
Who's your partner?
My guy, Lodge.
We haven't pitched it yet, so I don't want to say too much and blow it,
but we talked about it for a while,
and we're going to try to take a little adventure together,
and obviously for content purposes.
I think you say it. I think you manifest this shit obviously for content purposes. So I think you say it,
I think you manifest this shit to happen.
All right.
I think you say the location.
You can just,
you can just say,
Erica,
Erica,
there's a video clip on our YouTube podcast episode of what I'm going to
do.
Okay.
He told me what he told me.
Oh,
you know,
yeah,
me and lodge will fit right in.
He got,
Hey,
open a snake Emporium hey one of those uh
one of those packages where you go back to the same condo every year you get the second
timeshare all right got a timeshare you get a free you get a free fucking nintendo if you take the
tour where are you going all right me and lodge we want to go to our ancestral homeland uh we want
to pitch a trip to ireland his parents are from there my great.? Me and Lodge, we want to go to our ancestral homeland. We want to pitch a trip to Ireland.
His parents are from there.
My great-grandparents are from there.
We want to basically go to Ireland,
and there's so much stuff we can do over there to film the content.
Yeah, that too, and have some Guinness and Jameson while we're there.
But, yeah, we want to go to Ireland in August
and bring a cameraman with us and go on an adventure.
I mean, me and Lodge, we, pretty good with personality, pushing our stuff.
So hopefully it'll go through.
Is a tour at the Guinness factory one of the things you guys want to get accomplished?
I would imagine we would put that on the list.
See, that's the thing, too, is when you go to Ireland, you either fly into Dublin,
which is the main city on the east side, or you find the Shannon,
which is more rural in the west, which is where I went before.
That's where I flew in.
And, you know, I mean, you can drive to Dublin from there,
but it's a fuckload of drive when you're in Ireland.
It's a beautiful country, but hopefully we'll get it.
So something people don't know, too.
Ireland, one of the most scary places I've ever driven in my life.
People go so fast there.
You have to be ready to be like getting out of the way of people driving in that.
Yeah, you're probably just on the wrong side of the road.
Probably.
By the way, large, hilarious.
I love that guy.
That'd be very good, all right?
But I don't know, man, like COVID over there.
I don't think you're like doing much in Ireland and England, right?
Well, you know, it would be four months away.
So we obviously would have to see what the situation is with that.
But yeah, whenever it goes down is with that. But yeah.
Whenever it goes down, all right.
Good luck.
Well, and then I'll have to do my shows from Ireland too.
Go fuck a few sheep and get out of there.
You'll be suspended two minutes in if you're doing a show from Ireland.
I'll just tell people I'm speaking Gaelic.
They won't know the difference.
So when I was playing in the English Elite League,
when I was basically Sidney Crosby of the English Elite League,
not a big deal. The one thing that it was so therapeutic especially on the bus rides
even though they were very long and even going to Scotland was looking out the window and just
seeing this perfectly manicured just beautiful green grass all the time and the mountains and
it was it was therapeutic I I could always see myself when i when i retire
to either moving to like ireland or scotland or even maybe i could always see it down the road
or maybe even new zealand but new zealand is very very difficult to get into i have never heard you
say that i just post being done with this uh grind post-hockey lifestyle that you would be moving to Ireland.
No, I said I would consider it.
I would consider, or at least getting property over there.
New Zealand would be the dream, although it is a hop and a skip away.
But I want to go visit there for a long period of time first.
I want to go there for like a month to vacation.
Yeah.
It's so funny.
I've never thought about moving from Boston. I mean,
I thought about getting a place in the winter, right. But I've never considered living anywhere
else. And I don't know why that is. I, I, you just said New Zealand, like I could never say
I'd move like a world away. I don't know what I don't, I think maybe I'd love it. Maybe I'd enjoy
it, but I just never, I never could picture myself doing that all right if you had to move
to one other country in the world where would you go probably Ireland I mean maybe Canada too because
they treat they treat us chick that's guys pretty well there but Ireland is it's a beautiful place
man and you know if you're if your ancestors are from there I think when you get there you kind of
almost feel like there's some party that's sort of home as weird as that might sound but it's just
so peaceful in the west man. My favorite spot.
It's a little seaside town called Doolin,
which is just North of the cliffs of more,
which are those beautiful stunning cliffs.
And it was cool.
It was crazy going.
That was how nonchalant the Europeans were about walking on the path.
Like,
like I was petrified.
I mean,
you,
you come within five feet of phone,
you know,
800 feet into the water rocks and water and people just running.
Like it was nothing.
I mean,
I was getting like anxiety watching them them but there's a little town doing
it was like we stopped there spur of the moment it was like oh my god i could stay here for a month
like a biz you know the time the bar mcgann's in north station yes the original mcgann's is in the
town doing the the man who came up i found the bar he died a few years ago in a car accident
but the original mcgann's, we stumbled upon it.
We weren't even looking for it.
So we walked in there, and it's almost like you feel like you're home in Boston again
because you tell them you're from Boston.
They love you over there.
But yeah, long story short, I could definitely see myself living in a quiet part of Ireland.
Just give me the internet, and I'll be happy.
Every person isn't cross-eyed at the cliffs of Moher like you are either.
So obviously you're like worried about like tripping over yourself.
These people are sober like on a walk, man.
I was driving, dude.
I drove the whole way because it was me and my old lady.
And like she wasn't getting behind a wheel driving on the other side.
So I had to drive everywhere.
I wanted to go up to Donegal.
That's where my great-grandparents are from.
The name of Donegal is as far north as you can go in the Republic of Ireland.
That's where my ancestors come from.
But I looked at the map.
I was exhausted.
I'm like, yeah, Galway's as far as I'm going to make it this trip.
And Galway's awesome, dude.
It's just a fun city right on the bay.
Well, I hope you get your dream.
Bring the tricklets card.
Don't go too crazy with it.
And let's see some content.
Absolutely, man.
Me and Lodge, let's make it happen.
Like G said, let's manifest it.
We're going to manifest it. We're going to manifest it.
We're going to manifest it.
Patrick Marleau has manifested a career where he's going to pass Gordie Howe
for the most NHL games played ever tonight.
Just an unreal accomplishment.
I mean, Gordie Howe is one of those guys whose records just don't get broken
unless Gretzky breaks them.
Patrick Marleau has appeared in at least one game with 37 percent of every NHL player who has
ever played that's 3,009 out of 8,100 think of that oh 37 percent of guys ever played in the NHL
he played in a game involving them um I mean tip I had some what what what was great biz we had a
couple scenes his last game versus the Kings a lot of the Kings veterans went over went out of
their way to acknowledge him and Mil, he's such a humble guy.
He seemed like taken aback, like stunned that they come over to give him props.
He kind of was like, looked a little surprised.
It was just such a, like a tender sportsmanship moment.
Of course, the Wild did the same thing with the whole team after.
Whit, I know you've mentioned a couple of times.
I know you want to talk about it.
Go ahead.
I think that it's an amazing night to be watching this and thinking,
I don't think this will ever be broken.
And I know there's always recency bias,
but you talk about records that will never be broken.
I don't know.
Like, I know kids are playing at a younger age, but the league,
it gets young and it's staying young.
And when you get older, it's going to be very difficult
for a high percentage of guys to play after they're 34, 35 years old.
This guy has missed 32 games in 23 seasons.
I repeat, 32 games in 23 seasons.
This guy played his first NHL game,
and there was 170 NHL players currently who hadn't even been born.
It, it is like wild to look at the, look at the hockey DB, whatever website you go on
to check out a career. And for somebody who's been so quiet and so like humble throughout this
entire ride, it's pretty fitting that he's the guy to do this,
right? To just show up to work. And let me tell you something. The, the experiences I've had with
guys from Canada as an American, I'm sure another other Americans would agree. You can tell a guy
from kind of their province, like there is a total vibe of what guys are like personality wise,
depending on where they're from in Canada.
And guys from Saskatchewan are some of the most down to earth show up,
do their work.
Never bitch,
never complain,
low maintenance type people.
And you got biz in Ontario,
fucking trying to go to the club and dropping names and the Toronto Metro
hockey league.
But Saskatchewan has down-to-earth good people.
And not only is Patrick Marleau from there,
but the man who is breaking the record, Mr. Hockey,
is 200 miles away born and raised.
So shout out to that province and that career
that Patrick Marleau has put together.
And for what he's done and to not win a Stanley Cup, right?
That's hard.
No doubt for the rest of his life.
It'll be on his mind occasionally.
You just can't get away from that.
But he gets to realize and understand that he's broken a record
that as a former player, I look at and absolutely shake my head.
I'm so amazed at it.
1,000 games is the most ridiculous career.
He's 758 above it.
Yeah, I marvel at the fact that he's only missed 32.
And mind you, so we're talking on Monday here.
On Wednesday, he's actually going to hit 900 consecutive games in a row.
And, you know, that's another thing that hasn't been accomplished much.
I think, what, two other guys or three other guys have done that
in the history of hockey?
Yeah, but his most consecutive seasons playing every game, 11.
11 times in a row he didn't miss a game.
And Gordie Howe did that five times.
Yeah, and that just goes to show the longevity.
And Todd McClellan touched on that.
I think he coached him for seven years in San Jose, but just like the ultimate professional, not just, not just preparing his body, but his mind, you know, he was, he was big on the mental strength and, and, and, and, you know, doing what wife had given birth to one of their kids.
He took a private plane and met the guys in Nashville, ended up playing 23 minutes that night.
I think they lost the game three, two,
but just like things like that,
where there would be no expectation for the guy to fly cost country on a,
on a day that one of his children were born,
but he takes the PGA gets there and ends up playing and and obviously uh
some unbelievable records through he holds eight individual records with the sharks the most
impressive probably being game winning goals he's got 101 game winning goals for the san jose sharks
he scored 522 goals with them so just almost 20 of his goals have have came as game winners uh 17
shorthanded goals i know we touched on the shorties earlier ra 163 power play goals so those were the
most notable of the eight individual records that he holds um and and you mentioned how to uh marlo
23 seasons how 26 seasons how 21 all-star games four cups six heart trophies six art rosses so
he is in a pretty good company and also we always talk about you know has has marlo done enough
individually maybe to to reach the hockey hall of fame i think there's no doubt of course because
the games played also helped canada win gold medals in the 2010 and 2014 Olympics.
And, hey, and listen, San Jose is a couple points out of a playoff spot too.
Who knows?
Maybe they go on this crazy run and he ends up getting this cup.
But that's, of course, one that he doesn't deserve to miss out on.
But unfortunately, he fell up short.
I need to shout out Gordie Howe as well because it would be unfair if he didn't include
all of his wha games which got him over 2100 career professional games so the nhl is one thing
but that just shows he was around even longer yeah and and our race uh i want to touch on the
saskatchewan comment i i had it wrote down he's from Anroid, which is 50 people, and
he grew up on a 1,600-acre
property with his siblings.
So he's a farm boy through and
through, bringing the work boots
every day, and what an
unbelievable career.
Yeah, I mean, San Jose, they
made a nice little run a couple
weeks ago.
They faulted a bit.
They've lost five in a row, but taking a look at the standings here, they're only five back in Arizona, got mean, San Jose, they made a nice little run a couple weeks ago. They faulted a bit. They've lost five in a row, but
taking a look at the standings here, they're only five back
from Arizona, got a game in hand, so it's, you know,
nothing's over yet. These teams
are going to be scrapping for playoff spots,
so again, congrats to
Patty for breaking the record tonight and
keep on adding to it. A few other
notes from that division.
Let's see, Philippe
Grubow is going to be out at least two weeks for the Avalanche.
The starting goaltender, he's on the COVID protocol.
I think he might have caught it.
It's fortunate they picked up Devin Dubnik at the trade deadline,
so hopefully they'll stay afloat in the standings there.
Vegas has won six in a row.
They fought that a little bit.
They kind of called each other out about scoring, and they've done that six in a row for Vegas.
What else here?
Kings had an 0-2 week.
They look like they might be threatening to jump in the
playoff race, but doesn't
look like it's going to happen. And Minnesota
keeps chugging along. Congrats.
Zach Parise reached 400 career points,
became the third player in team history to do
so. So kudos to him.
And Kapo Kakanen, he had his 13th
win of the season. He passed
Dossie Kemper for most wins by a wild rookie goalie in a single season.
So congrats to those guys.
Minnie's been hanging tough.
They've been pretty entertaining to watch.
So let's head over to the Central Division.
Let's see.
Another 1,000 game.
Oh, you're not going to talk about the Coyotes' big home win
against the St. Louis Blues?
That's your job, bitch.
To climb into a playoff spot.
Boys, strength of schedule.
I like the Coyotes.
Sorry to jump on you there, R.A., but what an entertaining game.
And they got it done coming down from 2-0.
What are you smiling about, Witt?
I'm actually smiling because this team, the comeback Yotes,
they're just never out of it.
It's a fun team to watch.
Like a bad rash rash they just won't
go away guys and and st louis i mean i don't know they didn't look that impressive to me they just
they've they've definitely lost a half a step and and and i don't know i i just uh i think that with
the strength of schedule unless of course uh the goaltending situation doesn't really work out for Colorado. I think that nine of their last 12 games are against either Minnesota,
Vegas, and Colorado, who are at the top of the division.
So Coyotes are in good shape, man.
They got San Jose four times.
They got L.A. a couple times, I believe, and then Minnesota.
So playoffs could be a possibility,
so we will have to back up our end-of-the-season trip, boys.
Beep, beep, beep.
Oh, yeah.
We got another roadie coming up, TBA.
I missed a note earlier, boys.
It was kind of a major one, too.
We got caught up in the Washington-Boston stuff.
Nicholas Backstrom also had his 1,000th game played.
I suppose that's appropriate because he's been so low-key his whole career
that he would slide to later in the show without me mentioning it.
I had it in the notes. It was an oversight. This guy.
I mean, we've talked about before, perhaps the most underrated superstar in the NHL for the last 10 years.
Yeah. Was it was it last week or two weeks ago?
I was chatting about him and just the career he's had.
I just got the chance to know him on that one golf trip stick, by the way.
He is just like fun to be around. Low-key his the way he plays the game is
pretty similar as he is off the ice then he gets drinks in him he loves chatting it up
he's always got a dip in i mean i got i got nothing but great things to say about him and
then you get to watch i got to watch him yesterday and the way he slows down the game is the coolest
part because he's not a burner right he's not the fastest skater in the world but he gets it and he
looks people off and he just has always been able
to just find Ovechkin and then Kuznetsov has it.
He can find Ovechkin.
So the way he's continued to age in the league,
kind of like fine wine, like Bergeron.
They're getting older, but it's like the way they play,
them not being the fastest skaters doesn't really matter.
So I've loved watching him play.
Getting to play against him was difficult.
He's always finding the holes, the triangle under your stick
and between your legs.
Whenever you think you had him kind of pinned off
or maybe out of the play, he finds a lane
and ends up making me at least look foolish.
I was good at finding the holes too.
Yeah, of course you were off ice.
There's a powder on it.
Well, again, congrats, Nicholas Backstrom, on that huge accomplishment in that same vein jordan stall
third guy in the last week to pass the 1000 game for our threshold he's another guy to wit i mean
you got you both played with him in pittsburgh now he's probably an understated stud i know i
know he's more of a defensive type of guy but just a consistent perfect professional
oh i feel bad at the fact that witt's got to come up for oxygen after pumping
Backstrom's tires.
And now he's got to do Stolze because you played longer with Stolze than me,
but just talk about a guy like a grown man at 18 came in and just,
he was just a consummate professional, got his job done.
And he played a little bit of a,
of a lesser role as that third line center in Pittsburgh, but man,
to be relied upon at a young age in order to hold that down.
He did it with flying colors, moves on to Carolina
and continues a wonderful career and is really,
I mean, he set that culture down there.
That team has been set up very nice and he's one of the founding guys.
He went down there with his brother and the work that they put in
has really transformed that organization back to where they were so
Stolze's one of the nicest guys I've ever met and played with I always tell the story about when I
lost a credit card game and he went over to the server and gave it to me after that moment you
knew he was the best in my books saving me 600 bucks at Umi or whatever the fuck it's called and uh is it called umi yes yes the best
sushi i've ever had in pittsburgh but just an incredible career so far and how about all these
guys getting a thousand games like i don't know how many players are this year have gotten a
thousand games we should have bought rolex stock seriously biz good thing you're not in the league
anymore huh oh my goodness that's why i girls are getting bent over for these guys who
have 50 million in the bank but uh the central man we got basically a three horse race for first
place carolina florida tampa bay all keep bumping each other up and down we got a three horse race
for the fourth spot to nashville chicago and dallas uh dallas 201 in the last week they got
three games in hand on nashville two on chicago They have lost Bishop and Radulov, Warthog, for the year.
But this is a team you cannot count out, man.
I mean, take a look.
They're, what, three points back in Nashville for the fourth spot?
I don't know.
It wouldn't surprise me as a cup finalist last year if this team gets in a run
and gets into the playoffs.
We should have a nice battle there.
As far as Tampa, Stamkos is on LTIR.
He'll be back when he's eligible.
Kucherov is skating.
He's on schedule to return.
So he's basically like, remember that gif of Sting dropping out of the sky
in the wrestling ring?
They're switching spots.
Yeah, basically like, you know, Kucherov coming when it's playoff time.
And I'm sure, you know, once the playoffs are around,
Stamkos will be back, hopefully, because we want to see him out there.
Well, there was some comments that they were going to let people know
whether it was the same injury that was acting up again
that was in playoffs, which was hernia, correct?
And did they confirm that that was not the case?
I don't think they  the last I checked, Stamkos,
he's going to be back when eligible.
That's what it said.
I don't know if they confirmed any particular injury or not.
But I think basically it's got some money thing, too.
If they take him off, if they put Stamkos on long-term,
bring Kuchar off, it makes the money line up.
And then once the playoffs start, it doesn't matter
because the cap becomes basically irrelevant.
Ah.
Ah.
And also Tampa, though.
Cap gymnastics.
Hmm.
Yes, cap gymnastics.
That's a good term, Biz.
No, I stole it from the NFL because they just snip all these guys on the one day.
Tampa lost seven.
In the last 12, they have seven regulation losses.
Their power play is 12.
They're struggling.
They need Stamkos.
Trade everybody.
Get rid of them.
But it's perfect.
That's how a team, they go through a little lull before the playoffs.
It's hard to keep it going all year.
They'll be ready.
My cup pick.
You'd definitely rather do that.
What's up, Bill?
What did you want to say about Stalzi?
Because I don't really do a good job with 1,000 game breakdowns.
No, you did great.
I got to play with Stalzi briefly, but you kind of took the words out of my mouth.
He was like 6'4", 230 when he was 18.
Just a man child.
I remember his feet.
He's got the widest feet, these monster.
I looked at my little like, what's that animal that stands on one leg?
Flamingo.
Ostrich.
My flamingo ostrich feet.
And then this like caveman's feet.
I was like, oh my God, this guy's like 10 years younger than me absolute rope on him so yeah hammer and he also biz he missed one game in
his rookie year and then i don't think he missed another game for five years or four years he's
just uh he's actually probably a guy who maybe could sniff 1500 games he's got a thousand he's
32 he plays all the time i think he was the youngest player in nhl history
to reach 200 games might even got up to 400 games because i remember when him and vlasic
i think they broke into the league as as 18 year olds and they went on the street kind of like you
were mentioning with marlo over it was like 82 82 82 82 so you could check out stallsies as well
because he went on quite the run to start his
career yeah you know the best abilities availability they say abbas and uh i tell you what i don't
think anybody had a bigger abercrombie collection in the world after he'd been raking in those
signing bonuses after a few years because he just he just huge jeans he was buying it all to the trunk of my car him
and luca caputi 18 because i was six feet about 165 if you can believe that just a skinny little
rail string bean with a i always had a little bit of a gut even when i was skinny but yeah
i fucking wish i weighed 165 again i'll tell you that although dallas what are you tipping the scales out right now more than 165 oh you don't feel comfortable saying yeah i mean i'm you know i'm not
underweight so yeah i mean i'm yeah i probably too i don't go on scales but
i mean jesus i didn't think it would go yeah i mean
stuttering all over himself yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Those teenage issues come bubbling up when you mention them.
No, I'm probably 220 or whatever.
Everyone loves you.
Hey.
Yeah.
We love you.
Yeah, as long as I keep my shirt on.
What's up, Biz?
Oh, not at all, buddy.
Fucking.
Hey.
Geez.
They never did find the anthrax, guys.
I know.
I was trying to say how much of a string bean i was we had to go there
all right uh columbus this isn't someone worse shaped than me oh two and one of the week uh
zach warrensky is out for the season with a sports hernia um what's his name uh max domi was
health bar he's gonna be health bomb actually monday versus florida he took some bad penalties
versus chicago he ended up ragged on con Connor Murphy, tried to get in a fight. Basically
he got called for a penalty and then he went back at
him and he thought Connor elbowed him, but he
basically skated into his face. So he
acted as if he got elbowed, but when you watch the replay,
he really didn't. He just tried to fight the guy, throw him
in the ice, get tossed from that game, gets
tossed from the next game versus
Dallas. 14 penalty minutes thrown
out in the second period, minus four.
No surprise that Torrell is going to bench him, Biz.
Well, I think that there's one player that has to be healthy scratched
every game.
There's like a seat in Tortorella's office that's like the mandatory.
It's just like it's like the revolving chair.
He's got the thing from the draft.
Yeah.
Oh, the ball?
The ball.
The lottery ball?
Yeah.
Lottery balls?
Ding!
But did you  I mean, he's definitely got some tie in him
because as soon as he ran into Murph, you saw the wires cross,
and he looked at the official, and he fucking just basically ragdolled him.
And I thought that they were buddies when he played in Phoenix.
So that just tells you the degree to when the wires cross.
It doesn't even matter if you're on his friends list, but yeah,
I don't know. It's,
I'm sure it's been a frustrating season for everyone in that organization
because, you know, they haven't achieved what they did last year with
overachieving. Now, all of a sudden, you know, Foligno's gone.
They, they trade Dubois, you know, line is underachieved a little bit.
So yeah, I don't know.
It's fucking tough
sledding there and, uh, and somebody's got to pay the piper. Uh, we're going to get to Marty
St. Pierre in a second. Uh, first off, which part of your house feels a little less secure than you
might want? Maybe it's your first floor windows, maybe a French door. For me, it used to be my
sliding glass door. You don't want somebody creeping through that, but I never have to
worry about that now because of my security system from SimpliSafe. Now there's no time day or night
where I have to worry because I know my house is always being guarded. Even if you already feel
safe, that might not be true of everyone in your home. If you've never had a conversation about
that, it's honestly not a bad thing to do. It just feels really good to be able to press the home
button on my SimpliSafe keypad and hear the base alarm on and know that if anyone did try to come in, the alarm would go off. SimpliSafe
calls the authorities, hooks it up. And speaking of hooking it up, it's so easy to do. I've said
before, I don't even own a toolbox. This thing was so easy for me to hook up. You can do it in
probably 15 minutes. The thing is, SimpliSafe just makes it so easy. It takes about two minutes to
customize a system on their website,
simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
The system arrives in about seven days, and it takes 30 minutes to set up.
Like I said, I did it myself.
It's super easy.
If I can do it, you can do it.
So go to simplisafe.com slash chicklets today to customize your system
and get a free security camera.
You also get a 60-day risk-free trial, so there's nothing to lose.
That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
That's S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F-E dot com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Check them out.
Keep the homestead safe.
And now we're going to send it over to Martin St. Pierre.
It's time to bring on our next guest.
Well, despite not being drafted this forward recently
retired after a 17 season pro hockey career that included stints with the blackhawks bruins
senators and canadians he also played several seasons in the khl and had pitch tops in austria
switzerland the uk finland slovakia and hungary well-traveled man thanks so much for joining us
on the spit and chiclets podcast martin st pier Pierre. How you doing, my friend? Good. Thanks for having me, boys.
A pleasure. When did you get back to North America? I got back early March. Our season
was cut short due to the COVID restrictions, so flew back to Canada, sold my place in Arizona,
so I'm going to reside here for a little bit, but had to do the two-week quarantine and the
mandatory three-night stay in the hotel, so that was pretty painful, but I've been out for a little bit, but had to do the two week quarantine and a mandatory three night stay in the
hotel. So that was pretty, pretty painful, but I've been out for a week.
So trying to enjoy the weather, but it's still pretty strong here, the COVID.
So it's all a full lockdown.
You had to sell all,
you had to sell your property here to pay off your tabs in old town.
Absolutely.
Last time I saw you, you were the drunkest guy in old town.
Absolutely. You got to go big and go home, right? We've actually had some, we've, last time i saw you you were the drunkest guy in old town the one night absolutely you gotta go
big and go home right we've actually had some we've i've had some of my biggest nights with
this guy we did f1 race together in montreal we were there for four days we did a brookheimer
hockey tournament oh brookheimer the brook we talk about it but i think we had to sign an nda
so maybe we could squeak out a few stories yeah and then party with you and g one time in ottawa as well yeah so uh where do we start the f1 uh i
think i've been there five six times before and then i think you kind of got it you got the the
wind of things that uh i think you brought commie and uh boy gordon oh my god my. Let's start. Hey, tell, tell them the Cirque du Soleil story. Yeah. So G, uh,
so that was a Saturday and I never been in a Cirque du Soleil before. And G says, uh, Hey boys,
I think Max Talbot was there. Uh, Jason, actually a couple of the guys, my brother was there too.
He goes, uh, my assistant got us six tickets to the Cirque du Soleil. Do you guys want to go? And
I mean, three day banner, like, you know, might as well.
So let's say Saturday at noon.
So he's like, meet at the VIP tent.
And nobody was there.
So we showed up late, but we're at the beer tent.
So double fisting and all that stuff.
And the chaperone kind of comes and brings us down.
And it's a tent.
So it might've been 3,000 people.
And there's six seats left.
And it's all the way down front row.
And it's like you can hear a pin drop.
And here are these six guys, absolutely crushed,
two full beers in each hand, going down the stairs, sitting down.
And everybody recognized G, Biz, and so on.
Biz loved that.
Oh, it was awesome.
He's like, yeah yeah what's up boys yeah
shut the fuck up yeah exactly but here's the kicker so halfway through the show they kind
of put like the gymnasts or whatever they go up and down the uh the aisles from up top
and uh they're mixing the show all these like flamboyant things and then my brother is kind
of like on the side and he gets a paper dropped on his on his uh
on his lap he was like what the heck's going on while the show is going and it was a piece of
paper with a bunch of numbers on it so the gymnast i guess there's two groups and they're rotating in
between the back they're taking a rest and then the second group was on stage well the first group
gave all their numbers and they recognized the hockey guys the front row so they were texting in the back while the show was going on to my brother i mean like i've never
seen anything like it that was that topped it off i mean that was the golden ticket right there
that was the golden ticket nothing ever happened i mean they were doing shows for six months straight
but um we've had some good nights i mean with g, the one that pops up in my head was, uh, there's a big, uh, music festival.
It's called blues fest in Ottawa. And, um,
I think a theory of a dad and I was coming in to open for this big dog.
I was coming in on the Friday evening and the Thursday night we were going out
and I think G and I lived in the same building for, I don't know,
six or seven years. This was a single days and in his prime kind of thing.
This is Claude Giroux, by the way, for anybody who's wondering.
And yeah, so the Thursday we meet up at the same bar and he's,
I think it was the singer and the drummer from Theory of the Dead Man.
And they challenged Gee to a drinking contest.
So needless to say, they were opening, like I said, on the Friday
and they did not make their, they did not make their show so get the fuck out of here
gee absolutely bury them so there's no opener for the big band but you forgot to mention that
montreal a week after when i came back to ottawa i go on instagram and i see pictures of biz and
mike commodore is still in montreal and i'm like what are you boys still doing there so that was
i ended up changing my flight twice we i think i left on tuesday it was uh from from f1 race and
then i was on yeah i was on the ir for a few weeks but but i i constantly say it on this podcast if
there's one thing you have to experience especially for like a bachelor party or something like that
type you gotta go go and do it go from like a thursday and
then leave monday well try to leave sunday if you can but i don't think you'll be able to because
sunday is one of the funner days because then it's all over right but uh we yeah we had some uh some
great days together that's for sure it was good times that was when new city gas opened for the
first time and david guetta was playing on a a Saturday night but we had Boyd Gordon Derek Broussard meant us we had we had our own hockey team at that New City Gas boys are boys are so
crushed that usually the DJ will go on at one o'clock um and but I think I had a buddy that
turned over to me he's like hey like I don't know David Guetta David Guetta's on he's like
when's David Guetta coming on and man he just played his last song. It's about 4 o'clock in the morning.
It's time to pack it in.
Yeah, time for the after hours.
Dude, the sun's coming up.
He already played.
Yeah, exactly.
A lot of good times.
Now, you were born in Ottawa, right?
Yeah, born and raised in Ottawa.
French guy, east part of Ottawa.
And then I could barely speak a lick of English until I was 13 or 14.
I just learned English as a second language through minor hockey.
And the best thing that happened to me was when I was,
I went to Guelph for four years.
It was all English and just got thrown into the Wolfpack and learned quick.
So that was a blessing in disguise, I guess.
I was going to ask, like, was it almost disappointing?
You said it was a great thing,
but were you wanting to play in the Quebec League just because you spoke French? I guess I was gonna ask like was it almost disappointing you said it was a great thing but
were you wanting to play in the Quebec league just because you spoke French were you like actually
no the OHL might be considered better I'm willing to go there I would have loved to but the thing
was is I'm on the Ontario side no no I know that's what I'm saying it's yeah I yeah no absolutely as
far as the language I mean yeah you could do right you'd have to have like family in Quebec
I'm guessing I think so I think you have someone has to reside or you have to place a midget or i don't know the exact rule but i mean
that would have been awesome to play gatineau olympics uh they're literally five minutes from
downtown ottawa just across the bridge but um but needless to say i had a great four years in guelph
and some good times but yeah i was i think i was drafted 16th round so it was kind of
very very late addition to to my junior career well you played there i mean i mean your last
year you guys had a ton of success i think you guys ended up winning the ohl but like when you
first got there like i know you're a little bit undersized where did you fit right in did you have
to play on the depth lines like how did it all work out um we were pretty stacked so i got there in 2000 uh we hosted the mem cup in 2002 and we absolutely got rinsed i think it
was kootenai like they stole dawes and all those guys um so my first couple years like you said
and i was always stamped and i obviously i've never got drafted in the nhl and i was still
whether i was 17 or 20 coming to pro is i didn't have that fifth gear, my speed with my short size or my size, obviously.
So it was tough for the first couple of years,
but after that I kind of got the wind of it and I had some good players.
I got lucky. My second and third year,
it was to playing with Dan Pye and Dustin Brown. I mean,
how can you not put up the points with those guys?
And then my last year I was playing, I think I talked to you earlier,
Biz, I was playing, our power play was Kevin Kline, Dan Girardi,
Ryan Callahan. We had Brett Trudeau in front of the net,
but he went to school after, but our power play is absolutely deadly.
And then we ended up getting Cam Jansen at the,
at the trading deadline to kind of solidify.
Oh, Jesus. He was playing power play?
He was not playing the power play,
but he ended up being in my line mate
because Dustin Brown ended up going to LA
as an 18-year-old.
But here's the story about Cam.
So I never met, obviously, he was in Windsor before,
tough guy.
And he came in the locker room
and he had this white Under Armour skin tight,
you know, gitch, jackitch jack absolutely chiseled and uh
obviously he's pretty intimidating so he was playing with me and cali and uh he basically
told us he's like i don't want the puck on the breakout i don't want the puck in the neutral zone
he's like when you get it don't even look at me dump it in my corner and he was so heavy so
intimidating either he'd crush the guy or he'd
miss the guy completely but the sound that he'd make on the board was as intimidating as the hit
so the next time we do that these kids were they're scared i mean we had so much success
he created so much space he used to say i was the toughest guy on the ice with with cam so
oh you're just you're spearing guys. You're doing whatever you wanted.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So,
uh,
no,
he definitely helped us.
That was,
that was a great four years,
but,
uh,
it goes by quick junior days,
uh,
four years in a heartbeat.
Your guys last year,
did you guys win the OHL?
Yeah,
correct.
Sorry.
So we won the OHL and then we went to the mem cup in,
uh,
Kelowna.
And then,
uh,
we got spanked there too.
We,
it's a long season for junior, right.
And then from September to May long weekend. And we just, yeah,
we just didn't have success, but I had some good years,
but lots of good memories there, but yeah.
So we'll take the OHL championship for that.
And so you mentioned like, you know, very good junior career,
you're undrafted in the NHL and like, what was your next step? I mean,
how did you, how did you get that first contract?
I know you spent a year in the coast, but coming out of junior, were you,
were you kind of panicked for a little bit or did you figure you were going to
get something?
So my last year is a big race between me and Corey Perry and all the,
the big guys, the big draft of guys from London.
And obviously I never got drafted. So I was a free agent and that was, so I had a 110 points in junior, uh,
the Wayne Gritsky playoff MVP, like everything was going for me.
And I was feeling good, obviously won the OHL championship.
And then the lockout happened.
So horrible timing and I had a Canadian school package in my contract.
So I went to Dow housing Halifax in canada for uh for that summer i lasted five
weeks and uh just wasn't i mean i give credit to you know guys i went that go to school and
i went to school but i just wasn't ready mentally and then i got a call from uh jeff ward who was
the coach in edmonton and they put a ahl team during the lockout in edmonton the called the edmonton road runners and they had the uh the spot number 50 on the for the training camp so he said do you want
to come and try out and i packed my bags and if i was to be on that exhibition game pro i would
lose my school package kind of like in the states how they used to do so went there had a good camp
signed a two-year deal there that's that's when i kind of bounced in
between uh the east coast and and the ahl and then that team was done after the first lockout
and then i kind of got uh tossed around to norfolk and that's how i began my uh pro career hey you
must have been having some fun in edmonton because that you said that it was a lockout year like stole
was there torres was there and those guys had already played in the NHL, right? Correct, yeah.
They sent Rafi down.
They sent Jarrett down.
I was living at the hotel, the Sutton Place Hotel, the old Sutton Place.
Oh, man, I've given that place a lot of shit.
The one-star.
It's a tough spot.
It's a half-star, but, I mean, and, yeah, those two guys,
they would pick me up every morning uh to and from the
rink and uh they definitely showed me the ropes how to to be a professional hockey player on and
off the ice Torres says he would wheel up to the bar and he would literally chuck his keys in the
air and then anything to the VIP he would throw him as high as he could anything like I think uh
slowly broke his leg uh I want to say during the season i don't
know if it was before or after christmas and we'd go to cowboys and i mean he had like 10 nurses at
the club but just whatever you wanted it was uh it's actually pretty mind-boggling it's fascinating
to say the least but yeah those two guys like i said definitely showed me how to to be a professional
hockey player you you played in the coast that year too in Greenville?
Yeah, I played in Greenville.
Well, I was going to ask, was that discouraging
when you ended up getting sent down there,
or did you have to start there?
I had to, yeah, from camp I got sent down there
to Greenville, South Carolina, and I had 45 games.
And that year in Edmonton, I think we lost like 18 in a row.
We had a good team on paper.
We just couldn't, just couldn't win.
So I had, I was playing pretty well in Greenville
and then they called me up.
And then a couple of their first rounders,
two Finnish guys got hurt.
So I ended up kind of filling their spot.
Finished, finished my stint there really well,
but I went back down to Greenville for the playoffs.
my stint there really well, but I went back down to Greenville for the playoffs.
So kind of draft picks contracts kind of got involved,
but I had a great time in Greenville. I mean, South Carolina is a,
is a great state, but I'm kind of glad I got to experience the East coast to,
to say the least. I mean, we played in Pensacola, those 10 hour bus trips.
There's nothing better. I mean, we had the sleeper going,
get the wine,
and, you know, you can sleep 18 guys in the back.
There's nothing like it, right?
So say whatever you want about the East Coast.
I had a great time, and there's a lot of players,
great players that come out of it.
So, yeah, start at the bottom and work your way up kind of thing.
Yeah, Witt never had to play there.
No.
No, I got lucky, Biz.
I was drafted really high and then didn't act like a
piece of shit off the ice like you to get sent down but i think for people who played against
you they know this but many people don't and that is that you used a stick that was taller than you
and i think everyone right away like playing against you i was like oh my god that guy's
stick is insane like how did you begin at what age did you begin to use a stick that was just way too big for you you just got so
comfortable i'm guessing yeah so it was in uh it was in junior and i think back then it was the
those yellow uh synergies came out uh but i was using the synthesis so it was like the blade and
the shaft that was inserted like right at the at the heel and it was a the blade and the shaft that was inserted, like right at the, at the heel. And it was a different line.
I kept making it longer and longer and longer. And I mean,
that lasted my whole third year of junior. So two or three.
And the next thing you know, my stick was literally taller than me.
So it was extremely tall, but I had success. I mean,
don't ask me to go one-on-one or cycle a puck in the corner, but I mean,
I could do other things and it kind of compensated.
But that was a thing when I went to Edmonton, when I got there to camp,
the first morning I had a black line on my knob all the way through across my
four sticks. I'm like, what's going on here? And the trainer came, he's like,
listen, he's like, you're kind of in the big leagues now.
There's rules and restrictions. He's like,
your stick can't be taller than 63 inches.
So basically from the heel all the way up.
And mine was like 65 or something ridiculous.
And he's like in the NHL, there's only, I think four or five exceptions.
I think like Al McInnes, Chara and like Pronger and all those guys.
So who am I know have a long stick
you got 14 pairs of socks on you're like do i do i make it yeah exactly you walk in in stilts
yeah exactly so um tippy toes but i had to cut it down and then that's one of the things when i got
to boston um z i think stick was 66 or something ridiculous.
And mine was 63 and a half. So I kind of gave myself an extra inch, but, um, you have to say at least so when him and
I, there's a picture on Google, it's him and I, besides each other, I think I sent you
a biz earlier.
Um, you know, he's at least a foot and a half taller than me, but my stick was literally
an inch or a couple of inches, uh, shorter than him.
But I think he used like 130 flex
um and i grabbed it when i was there at training camp i'm like this thing's a
steel rod you know i mean it's a crazy stiff obviously he's got a lot of weight to put on it
but that's how tall the stick was yeah do you ever have a coach who like was like dude cut it
it's too long yeah there's some guys like i said um at towards the end when you when you start being a
prospect and then you turn into a suspect right um at some point i kind of hit obviously you get
some up and downs and um ups and downs and a couple coaches are like you know why like
when i was in my downs they'd be like maybe you should do something about your stick but then
next week i'd get on fire and they're like you know what don't change anything um what happened was when i went to europe
and i mean there's literally there's obviously as you know with in in russia there's no dumping
um you know you dump the puck you're getting benched so um then i kind of had to you know
you get a regroup five times and not dump the puck to get in and that's when i kind of had to, you know, you get a regroup five times and not dump the puck to get in.
And that's when I kind of had an issue with my long stick.
And then one morning I was in a slump and I just cut it five and a half inches, which became normal as the normal length as anybody would use.
And I've been using that since then, since this past season.
I was going to ask, were you getting jammed up a lot?
Like on the boards and stuff?
Yeah, I never went in corners.
Oh, yeah.
That's how you solve the problem?
Exactly.
I just get the...
I have a genius idea how this will work.
Yeah, exactly.
Someone else go grind the corners.
You're like the bubble hockey guy with the long stick.
Basically, yeah.
Up and down, left and right, but not too close to the boards.
Just to say my stick would last pretty long.
So not grinding on the boards.
You also played in the 1997 Quebec Peewee tourney like Whitney.
Did you have any recollections going head to head with him at all?
I don't know if we played against each other.
What team were you on?
You know what?
We got denied in the division where you're sponsored by NHL teams.
And we were in the international division. I think we played this Russian team we got absolutely spanked um that was the team that
ended up getting in the fight and then they they probably would have dusted us but probably the
champions because they were nasty they were filthy um but I remember uh you were walking in the rank
and you're signing autographs.
I mean, you're treated like a rock star.
And that was definitely, I don't remember that much of it,
but I remember it was snowing.
You're at the College State of Quebec.
You know, you have 10, 15,000 fans watching you.
And definitely a great memory for playing peewee, right?
Oh, it was the best.
And then when you go to your first full year in the ahl
with norfolk i mean you light it up point per game guy and chicago was horrible that year you got two
games but were you kind of surprised you didn't get get a little bigger chance there i think the
first year was more like get my feet wet in the league um obviously my points you know playing
the power playing the style i played the points were coming um it was just a matter points you know playing the power playing the style I played the points were coming
um it was just a matter of you know learning the ins and outs and playing defensively and all that
stuff so I they gave me the two games um and then the second year that's when um that was one of my
peak as far as my career because that team we had eight, nine guys that two years after won the Stanley Cup, you know, from junior.
And you go on from like, I was, my wingers were Peranto,
Pia Peranto and Troy Brower.
And before Baczynski got traded, you know, and then we got Rustig.
You're going like Bickel, Frazier, Burrish, Buff, Crawford.
I mean, our HL was stacked.
Keith was there. Duncan Keith was there Duncan Keith
but that year that my second year he ended up going up him Seabrook uh Vandermeer all those
guys went up to Chicago so my second year was Kane and Taze's first year um so that was nice to see
guys you know uh getting the chance to stick in there while at the same time seeing a young
jonathan t is a young patrick kane you know duncan keith kind of just starting his nhl career and
guys just blooming after that so that's an example of you know you you're you're within
an organization watching it become like a dynasty in a way with their three cups so
there's many coaches that that affect these guys and and I think one of them is Trent Yanni, right?
He was down in the head coach in Norfolk.
Yeah, Trent Yanni was my  the year before I came, he was in Norfolk.
And then my first year when I got to Norfolk, 05-06, he was up in Chicago.
And then he got let go and didn't survive the COVID.
So then that's when I kind of got a few games up.
And we had kind of an older team and by that time they i think it was for eight years in a row they didn't make
playoffs so for me to get a stint there was like wow this is the nhl but holy yeah this is not a
great miserable i mean like this sucks but i mean the guys had good spirits and you had the older guys like agent o'coyne
um you know call them more marty la pointe and all those guys so they made they made the experience
better but there's nothing like uh not making the playoffs for eight years right marty when you
signed with chicago as a free agent after going undrafted was that like a huge sense of accomplishment
for you you know we i'd say you didn't get drafted but now you're with an nhl squad
yeah um even my first game uh when i got called up and then i was going right to dallas
um growing up i was always told you know you're the short guy you're never going to make
junior and then i had a pretty successful career in junior and then not being drafted was you know
you kind of grow out of it and realize you know it might be a better opportunity that you get to
pick your not pick your team but maybe a better opportunity that you get to pick your,
not pick your team,
but maybe a different opportunity arises in a different organization. And that kind of what, that's kind of what happened to me.
So when I ended up going to Chicago, it was kind of blessing in disguise,
but I mean, I definitely worked hard and had a lot of ups and downs,
but definitely a dream come true to get there.
But with guys like my statue and you know, the small stature and it's hard to get there. But with guys like my statue and you know,
the small stature and it's hard to stick there. So it's one thing making it,
but then you have to work extra hard to, you know, to stay there.
So the work was there's a lot of work in front of me to stay there.
I want to go back to Norfolk,
one of the most underrated AHL cities to live in.
You guys must've been having a ball off the ice. And another guy,
I don't know if we've mentioned him yet. Bufflin was there as well.
Correct. Yeah. So, Oh yeah.
So the first year I live at the beach in Virginia beach with,
with new ski. And then the second year I lived downtown with Bolin and all
those guys, the Westco guys like British, uh, skilly doll,
they came in after their season. Um, and I mean,
we had a blast and, uh, half the guys came in after their season um and i mean we had a blast and uh half the guys
live in virginia beach half the guys live downtown but um during then i think we were allowed four
and five so you'd be playing wednesday friday saturday sunday afternoon but teams that would
come to us we would spank them on the friday night and then they would go out and then spank
us on the saturday because then we would go out
to spread the night right but um buff i mean that was an absolute animal he was uh he came in as a d
and i mean he was heavy but he's probably one of the like the best athlete i've seen he's fast
he's strong he's got a sick shot um he was so heavy that they sent a
nutritionist down from black cox put him under a uh healthy nutrition plan and i think that lasted
maybe five days i think he was eating salads i think he lost a couple pounds and you can honestly
notice it on the ice like whether he lost a couple pounds you'd be like this guy's not the same like
he's you know he's not buff.
So they just said, screw it. Like do your thing and just be buff.
And then obviously it's success.
And then when he got to Chicago, I mean,
what other player can be a defenseman in the minor leagues and then go up to
Chicago players, a forward, win the Stanley cup,
and then put back on D I mean, it's just.
Brent Burns is like the only other guy I could think of that had a
career like that, where it was just whatever position
you could put him in, he'd have success. They just said
do your thing, man. And I mean, his
shot was the same in the AHL.
I mean, you have guys like
turning pro in 1920 and trying to block
those shots. I mean, that's pretty intimidating.
So he, well-deserved
career. I mean, he worked hard, but
what a specimen.
Marty after Chicago,
you end up signing here in Boston with the Bruins organization.
It was very similar, I guess,
a team on the rise just a couple of years before their first Stanley cup and
several years. What was your experience like there?
And also I want you to talk about Providence.
Is that the best AHL city out there?
It's up there. I mean, I love Providence. I love Boston one hour away.
I mean, I didn't realize the, uh,
it was my first time on East coast as far as North Northeast. Um,
and again, like for me, um, like first thing was in Chicago.
My second one was in, in Boston. The reason is, is that my,
my one season in Providence, uh, it was Tuka.
It was, uh, Boy Chuck McQid, and Brad Marchand's first year.
So again, like you said, two years later,
they ended up winning the Stanley Cup.
So if I was to look back and see the times that we had in the minor leagues
and the development and the hard work,
seeing them flourish as players was pretty gratifying.
But great times, you know, the Boston Garden was,
not the Boston Garden, the T-Bank or whatever it's called now. What's it called? I still call, the Boston Garden was  not the Boston Garden,
the T-Bank or whatever it's called now.
What's it called?
I still call it the Boston Garden. TD Garden.
Yeah, everybody calls it TD Garden.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, that was a great time.
And we ended up going to the conference finals during that season,
so we didn't get to be a black case.
But there's some good stories about, you know,
the year I got caught that year, I got called up to, to Boston.
It was when Bergeron got that concussion.
I think it was against Philly at home and Randy Jones hit him.
Exactly. So I was at that game and then my phone rang.
So usually that year is me and Sabaka, Vladimir Sabaka.
They were getting called up, up and down to play with Sean Thornton on the fourth line.
So we had the shortest and toughest fourth line, but we had some good times.
And then I ended up taking Bergeron's seat on the plane.
So my first experience with was Dan Ochoa was getting on the plane and he was all the way the farthest back on the left.
But he was in the aisle seat.
And I got in version, I'll see what you're right in front of him.
And kind of got comfortable.
I put my seat back and I felt like his knees right.
And I'm like digging my back.
And then you're on waivers.
Yeah, basically.
And I get a tap on my shoulder and, you know, him and his Slovakian accent. He's like, he's like, put your seat up, bud.
The toilets back there.
We saved you a spot.
My seat was 90 degrees for as long as the fight was.
Suck it.
Were you on that Providence team
where Tuca had the complete meltdown?
Yeah, yeah.
That's just at all time.
It was a shootout, right?
It was a shootout.
So there's two highlights of my season in Providence was Marshy.
So Peter Schaefer and the older guys on the team was where Peter Schaefer and
Jeremy reach. And they both got sent down to Boston and they had the best
attitude, absolute beauties. Those two guys, I love those guys,
but we were on the bench and Marshy for some reason was on the ice.
It was Worcester at home and he scores his first AHL goal.
And he goes from the far end
all the way to the red line stops faces the bench and gives it the old hulk hogan
and i have jeremy reach and peter schaefer beside me they're like oh my god right and he gives me
one of these we're like oh fuck but the other story was uh yeah tuka in the shootouts i think what happened was
the first one uh went in and they waved it off so right away he was flustered he was losing his
mind i did not lose his mind as far as the rep making the wrong call and then it was a do or die
and they were going down so you save it we win uh you know the score we lose and
he saved it and he called it a goal and he just flipped he absolutely lost it and then trainer i
think on the clip the trainer opened the door but there's like a milk crate or whatever we put the
pucks in and just launched it i mean absolutely losing it but if i remember correctly by the time
the last guys were on the ice,
we got in the room, he was basically smirking.
Like, okay, I took it a little too far.
Like, you know, it's not every day that you see a milk curd going on the ice.
He had a blackout moment.
Exactly.
Yeah.
But what do you mean?
Jeremy, that was my first AHL fight with in Wilkes-Barre.
Really?
Was it a square off or was it a
It was a square off and he was a tough customer.
Yeah, he was a tough prick.
A tough Western boy.
Yeah, he looked so mean and mad on the ice.
He had like a CCM bucket from like the fucking 1400s.
Is that what it says?
1400s.
So you grind it out and you do get a chance in the NHL with Boston
for a little bit, but every time you go to the HL, it's really similar.
I think to Chris Bork and that you guys were,
it was like you were too good for the HL and then couldn't really ever stick
in the NHL. And at some point you said,
let's go over to Europe and kind of make as much money as I can.
Yeah. So my last, my one stint with,
one of my two stints during the season with Boston was last game was in
Toronto was the all-star break. That was my game number nine.
Then back then, if you played 10 games, you have to stick there for 30 days.
And Claude Julian was our coach. I scored in shootouts.
We win the game and Toronto Ottawa was a four hour drive. So to me,
I was like, I think we, I scored in against the Islanders in New York,
the game before so i'm
like i think i'm gonna stick you know virginal still hurt uh peter shirelli you know when you
sit when you get called up and you're in the room and you see the the team manager like rolls around
and he's just he's got the awkward face and you know he's just beaming for you to send you down
i'm like no way you start running you're just you're underneath your stall yeah yeah exactly
and he's like hey uh peter wants to see you i'm like does yeah yeah exactly and he's like hey uh peter
wants to see you i'm like does no way but uh he's like hey we're gonna send you down but we're gonna
call you right back up after the uh the all-star break and that would have been my game 10 and i
never got a sniff after so but we ended up going to the conference finals against hershey and then
we got uh we got beat but um yeah so then got to, at that time I was like,
maybe it's time for me to take my career to Europe.
And I got a pretty good offer in Russia.
And that was my first stint with with the Russian coaches in Russia with
if the Kimik Nizhnyakamsk was where Stapleton was and Hennessy.
Yeah. Yeah. So we had uh that was definitely an eye-opener so that
was my first stint it's 2010 um i had a first in 2007 when it was the last year in the russian
super league but i was there for i think 14 games and i lasted three months i came back i was like
i'm not ready they threw a bunch of money and I was like, you know, screw this. And I went back to when Norfolk changed to Rockford.
But that team I met in Latvia and it was Vladimir Krikunov,
who is now the most legendary Russian coach still alive after Tikhonov that
passed away a few years ago.
Best story for me is we got there, we're in the hotel.
I still haven't learned. learned i can speak a little
bit of russian i can get around in order like understand more but uh the beach is had to be
10 miles and 10 miles long it was an absolute ginormous beach and uh the first morning we get
a knock on our door it's that again the team leader whatever and he's yelling in russian
shorts just shorts and
lobby lobby lobby so we get down there me and my roommate get on the bus and even the russians were
you know what's going on we drive and the road was parallel to the beach all the way down
and uh basically he yells in russian has a stopwatch he's like you guys got one hour to get
back so everybody like i mean they're booking it on the beach we run for 10 miles and we have to
do it under an hour and we made it like 57 58 just like what is going on here the lactic acid my
legs my legs were double the size i couldn't feel my legs that night and then next morning we had
another knock on the door same thing when i say i was hurting i was hurting but you just had to go and you just wing
it and you couldn't even see the end of it like the end of the beach and just so we did that
everybody made it a couple i think a couple guys didn't make it and then the third day
i heard about this coach which was like just the old like the ussr soviet back in the 80s
uh him and his training off the ice but guys would have to do
you know you're facing me you come you hop in you hop up you straddle your legs and you're doing
setups on me kind of thing while i'm standing just like stuff like that body weight stuff you're just
like you know it's 2010 like this not this shouldn't be going on but get on the ice and
see these big uh tires tractor tires and there's's like a, you know, when you run parachutes,
like the rope that's kind of, you know, tied to it,
but it's tied to the, the, the, the tire.
That's what's going on. And I had two Swedish guys.
You probably remember Daniel Fernholm back in Wilkes-Barre?
Yes. Pittsburgh draft pick.
So I was stuck with him and another Swede probably just around his size.
He's 215, right?
At least.
And a 10-pound chew pack in his lip.
And basically you had to go from goal line to goal line 12 times.
You had to go six down and you had to go three down and back with the two guys
on the tire. And I'm maybe a buck 85 then.
And I think by that fourth down, I ended up puking everywhere,
but that was a few years.
They're like, yeah, I mean, like, Oh,
there's a few guys that puked and it was just, it was just one of those.
And that was the whole mentality.
So that was my first real experience as far as Russia.
And then that was your last training camp.
That was my last camp.
You would always sign when training camps were over.
That's a smart way to go.
But he was so old school that in the exhibition games,
we were going on the ice for warm-up.
And, you know, you're used to just skating around,
shooting a half circle and all that stuff.
And I hear a whistle.
And the whole team starts skating around in circles.
I'm like, what's going on?
But it's him.
He's on the bench while we're bringing warmup and he's making guys sprint.
So he's whistling and he had to sprint for five seconds.
And I think we had to do like five of them.
And then you have to warm up.
So you're like, he's still very old school,
but then he's the type of coach that during the game, he's not behind you.
He's in front of you. So he's walking basically where the water bottles,
but he's facing you. So you come off the ice, he's just blasting you,
but he's not seeing the play. So if, I mean,
I don't know how you didn't get hit by talks more often,
but if the guy's making a nice play, he can't see that.
He's just turning around and he's just blasting you.
So he's walking basically where we spit just in this old school,
but now I can laugh at it. It's just a great experience, right?
That first year overseas, I want to ask, I'm going on hot off hockey DB.
I know sometimes they're not accurate.
Did you play in Finland, Austria and the KHL all within that few months span?
Yeah. So that was, that was my suitcase here to say the least uh i lasted three uh i didn't have a good
it was very miserable there i didn't now i look back i could have probably handled it better but
uh they bought me out after three months and ended up going to finland and the team
which is a great organization but i was a five hour drive from the arctic circle all the way north of finland
uh basically from the santa claus village um very dark we had two hours of sunlight a day
um just i lasted three months and i said you know like get me out of here and uh ended up
finishing the season the last three months of that for uh red bull salzburg with uh the legendary
pierre pajet well did you get like depressed when you were playing in russia
just given like you're going and you know doing what you got to do at the rink and then you come
back and there's basically you don't have any friends no socializing and well yeah we had um
we had to stay at the bazaar because he was old school so we had our apartments but i was single
i had a hockey bag and a, another hockey bag full of clothes,
but we had to stay at the buzzer and you had to report at the buzzer the night
before game at eight o'clock. Cause we had team meal.
Then you had a video room and then you had to sleep there.
And then you bust together at the rink, bust back pregame nap,
pregame meal, pregame nap, and then go to the game. So basically,
and you play every second or third day.
So basically the only time you have at home is the night after the home game if you're not flying out so to me it
was just a complete drastic change in as far as a culture uh but at least to say i ended up playing
six years there so i got used to it but just right away within a couple months you're like what am i
doing here you know not speaking the language I couldn't read by then and um but
I mean I had the best years there so but it was definitely hard for sure yeah but you ended up
back in North America was it was it a problem getting a contract then for the 11-12 season
with Springfield no uh not that it was hard it was just a matter of like I said earlier you went
from a prospect to suspect so now I wasn't like I was looking for one way nhl deal it was more like i was more like a veteran in the ahl and trying to
now somewhat try to teach what i've learned in my first few years to teach the young guys on and
off the ice i guess but um well then i went to springfield and then uh that was a good year
again i had young cam atkinson. I had David Savard.
We had Manny Legacy in net.
Came back, I don't know how old he was,
but he was an absolute stud.
And then ended up going to Rockford during the lockout.
So I think my status in the AHL was already established.
Not saying it was easy to get a contract,
but it definitely helped to come back
and then also play in Hamilton the year before I left I was gonna say you got that one game with
the Montreal Canadiens as a French kid was that the highlight of your career or was it
suiting up for Ottawa that was the ultimate that was no that was the ultimate highlight so basically
when I grew up uh I was born in 83 I think the Ottawa Senators came in the league in 1991 if I'm
not mistaken so I grew up as a Montreal Canadian fans.
My dad's still a Montreal Canadian fans has the stickers around his license
plate and all that stuff. So, but yeah, definitely.
That was my thing. So that was my 10th year in North America.
And I told myself if I'm going to leave to Europe and make a career,
I don't want to be looking back and say, could have, should have,
would have kind of thing.
So I switched agent and Pat Brisson was my agent.
Claude went to Pat Brisson, Claude Giroux.
And I told Pat, I said, listen, if you can get me one game in Montreal at home, I'll
be forever grateful.
So I had obviously with my contract in Hamilton and had some good season there and finally
got my crack at it against St. Louis at home.
And I think my whole town was there.
The whole family is pretty, pretty emotional to say the least.
And I can still relive the whole warmup and, you know,
trying to follow what all those guys are doing, but definitely a memory.
I'll cherish forever, but that was definitely my, the pinnacle of my,
my career.
Guess our Jersey's in a frame somewhere absolutely oh yeah it's gonna be behind them once quarantine it's gonna be up there
you probably lost money with the amount of tickets you had to buy that game yeah exactly no it was um
yes seriously but no boxes but they definitely uh they got their own tickets but definitely for
the close family it was an expensive night for sure.
So then you ended up spending a little bit of the time
the following year in Switzerland,
and I've always heard how great it is over there.
Was that something you kind of looked at,
I could play here the next eight years and be happy,
or were you looking to the KHL again?
Yeah, so I was looking at the KHL, and I ended up,
I had an okay season in hamilton but then
you're 30 years old you want to and obviously you always want to swing for the fence so i wanted to
get the khl and there's a team in in uh in croatia it was called zagra medbichuk and they were in the
khl it was they signed a three-year deal by the way unbelievable city two hours two and a half
hour north from the croatian coast i mean, same weather, uh, beautiful city in Croatia is stunning.
Um, and, uh, I got an offer there. Uh, it wasn't much,
but it was more so to get my feet wet.
Cause I already had two stints in Russia and I got bought out the other one I
left. So you kind of want to reestablish your, uh, your,
your character and your persona as far as what they see because
GMs in Russia they literally go on elite prospect and that's their scouting report right so
got there and we had uh there's no import rule in Croatia I think you had to have five Croatian
guys but it was more like they're half and half grandpa is a Croatian they have their passport
so it's basically an older AHL team in Croatia,
flying charter and in Russia.
And it was the best, the best year.
And we had, we had some studs and I,
I had my best year in six years there as far as point production,
just to get my feet wet.
And then what they did is because Croatia, as far as sponsors,
they don't have a lot of money.
So at the end of the season, we had Anthony Stewart, Aaron Palusha.
They sell players to basically pay off their debt.
And I was the last one to go.
I ended up going to Lausanne in Switzerland for the last three games of the season.
And we lost to Bern in the first round.
But like you said, you get there and it's overwhelming.
My dad came to visit and i was able
to you're in the vineyard so i was able to have lunch in lausanne by the water grab a boat about
an hour and i was in france and evian france having dinner with my dad so it was just something
out of this world right but i wish i would have spent more time there but it's definitely a
different style of hockey in switzerland it's it's hard um but once
you get it you can make a huge career out of it but uh it's a short stint for me there i heard
they're so hard on their imports there too in switzerland they paid you have to light it up
you have to light it if you're not if you're not playing well they're just like we paid you to lead
the team in scoring what are you doing exactly you'll play 30 minutes um you lose the game five four and you
have four points well it's your fault right so it's it's just they want to win they want to win
they want to win and you have i think it's five imports but you can only address four uh so if
something like that so if they rotate they put a lot of pressure but they'll play the shit out of
you so it's up to you to play and um thing about europe is you can bounce around too
so they can sell you to the russian team midway through the season so a lot of guys bounce around
so um there's a lot of pressure so you just just got to perform you know as much as it's a good
lifestyle off the ice and then i remember playing against barry's which is where i mean a lot of
north americans have just dominated there.
And I think right away of Nigel, Nigel Dawes, and he played with like Bochenski and then Kevin
Dahlman, the D man would light it up. So that's Kazakhstan. Yeah. Kazakhstan. Yeah. Yeah. I can
never say that correctly. What's, what was it like over there? Cause Moscow had some great times.
People loved it. Was there, was the city there pretty nice going out wise dinners?
Moscow had some great times. People loved it. Was there,
was the city there pretty nice going out wise dinners?
It's beautiful. It's cold. It's minus 40 degrees Celsius in the winter. And I mean like bone chilling through your park, it's freezing cold.
So I played with Kevin Dahlman in junior in Guelph for my first couple of
years. I think he went to Providence after LA or somewhere.
And he basically, he's the one that
got me there um those years two years prior um sorry the year prior that kevin dolman broke uh
fedosov's record for the most point in the khl and i think he had like 56 or if I'm not mistaken, which is ridiculous as a D man, as a D man in the KHL. And I mean,
57, 28 goals, 57 points.
When you say D jump in the rush,
he was like in front of the net by the time, like he was a stud.
And he was a stud his whole career, but it was him, Mike Lundin,
defenseman, Dustin Boyd,
Brandon Machansky and Nigel Dawes. And in Russia,
you practice with five guys and you're the color blue. You,
you don't switch forwards and Ds. So the blue color goes on, you go on,
you sit down, you rotate blue colors up.
And they broke records as far as like a line,
putting up the points and they lit it up for two, three years.
But as far as the city, beautiful.
I think Russia put a lot of money into Kazakhstan.
There's a lot of oil south of Kazakhstan.
There's basically two cities.
There's Astana, which now is called Nursultan because the president resigned and they wanted to change the city to his first name.
And there's Almaty.
But it's a mini Vegas, to be honest.
But it's cold. There's nothing like moscow and st petersburg sailor east but uh it was awesome i had a great
time great time who was your co-chair was it nazarov there yeah so naz came in
yeah he's yeah we're gonna get him on soon yeah you guys should you know what naz there's mixed
reviews um he is a hard ass he's a big russian bear i mean he had a career in the nhl and he
is very well known he's very well connected he's buddies with whoever you can think of that's high
as far as the presence and owners and here and there he's a good guy he's a to me what i saw
he's a completely different guy
if you see him in the hotel lobby waiting for the bus rather than the rink uh but when he was our
coach he had uh that line with the five guys and they were playing 30 35 minutes and they were
getting three four points a game and again if we were to lose five four and they had four points
but it was still their fault right so he was rolling with his big guns and going all in with his big guns.
And we had success, but he was definitely definitely a hard ass.
My name to him was in Russia. If you want to say fuck it's bled.
So he couldn't say St. Pierre. So he was just saying Pierre bled.
So basically if I screwed it up on the ice, it was just Pierre bled.
Pierre Blatt. So basically if I screwed it up on the ice,
it was just Pierre Blatt.
So he'd say it's so much that my name became Pierre Blatt from through the imports.
They changed the name bar?
Basically they should have. And he would just call me in and Pierre Blatt,
let's go. Right. And then it just became an ongoing joke. But
system wise, he just wanted the tough guys work hard and then just roll with
the top line. And We had a top line,
so that's a thing. We could win games with
those guys, and they were definitely a
game-breaker for us.
Marty, then you spent
some time with Kunlun Red Star,
actually located in Beijing, China. What was
that experience like playing hockey in China, man?
That must have been a culture clash.
Yeah. Kazakhstan was...
This has been a while, but I think it was a good five, six hour flight from Moscow, like a couple hour time change.
But then you go to Shanghai and I remember hearing Brandon Yip on your podcast a few,
a few months ago, and he was talking about the travel and that was uh ridiculous it definitely took a few years off my life for sure um i want to
say it was a 10 to 10 to 12 hour flight to moscow uh so basically leaving shanghai we would fly
the day before 12 hours lose six hour six hour of time difference and then we would play two and four
and then we would or we'd play three and six and then literally fly back 12 hours.
So basically our day off in Shanghai was the day that we land at eight o'clock in the morning.
But I mean, you can only watch so many movies, take, you know,
NyQuil or Ambos and a couple of balls of wine and you're still not even there.
So teams, when they would come to shanghai um the first night is just
like when i was talking about norfolk did they get there they have nothing it doesn't matter if
you're elia kovachuk playing for scott there's nothing in the tank so we would definitely uh
roast teams the first game but after that that's when uh we had that was another one where we didn't
have imports so we had a couple of chinese guys but but most of them were from BC or grandmas,
you know, grandma or grandpa has some Chinese blood in them
and they get their passports.
So it was an older, again, older NHL team with Brandon Yip leading the way.
So we had a lot of fun, but definitely it was hard.
Did you meet Billy?
I met Billy, the one that spits on the carp.
Billy the billionaire spits on his carp. Is that true?
I did not meet Billy. I almost went to the dinner,
but those are exclusive dinners with,
from Billy to bringing me up and his servant assistant.
But I ended up going out with Yipper after,
and he wouldn't,
he couldn't stop telling the story. He's like, it's,
it's mind boggling what he saw at dinner, but the guy paid the bills and,
you know, he did his thing, but it was crazy. I mean,
one story we had to refuel on the way back from Moscow to Shanghai in
Siberia, which was a, I think it was a three or the way back from Moscow to Shanghai in Siberia,
which was a, I think it was a three or four hour flight from Moscow.
And the one trip,
the stewies forgot to go through customs in Moscow.
So we fly, we're already three, four hours in,
we get to Siberia and we can't get out of the plane because the studios didn't go through customs we have to fly back to moscow get them through customs that usually takes five minutes fly all
the way back to siberia refuel and go all the way back to shanghai but the schedule doesn't change
and i think we got in like early afternoon and we had to play that night or something stupid. And it's just, it's a great time.
Shanghai is a beautiful city.
I highly recommend if you ever get a chance to go to Shanghai,
but not for hockey. I mean, our fans,
we had maybe 50 fans and they would,
they were trying to bring hockey in China,
which I completely understand for the Olympics and stuff, but they,
they didn't know the difference. If the home team scored,
the visiting team scored. So any goal, any puck that went in fans were cheering,
you know, so we didn't really have a, well, at least you have to run the beach.
Yeah, no, exactly. But no, that was fun.
And Alex Kovalev was there as their assistant coach.
And I grew up obviously watching Kobe with the Habs.
So that was a different experience where he's trying to make us do plays
where him and Mary Lemieux were doing with the Pittsburgh Penguins in the
nineties when they won the cup and played Kobe.
It's not going to work here.
When you were in Kazakhstan, were you single the entire time?
I was single the entire time.
And what are you doing?
Like, how are you doing girls?
Were there apps
for that then there are apps but uh you go to the grocery store and girls dress up like they're
going to the club in new city gas in montreal but they go grab milk and cereal so you can meet in
they love canadians they love north americans and let alone if you're missing a two three a
couple stitches automatically assume that especially during the winter, there's no soccer as European college
football. So automatically they assume that you're playing hockey, but I definitely had a few dates
where, um, I had to get on my Google translate before I spoke Russian and, uh, she would be on
Google translate too, but I'd bring her to a restaurant where we'd go eat like pregame meal. And one time my battery died and her battery died and the servers knew
exactly what was happening and I couldn't speak.
So it was basically sign language for the rest of the date,
but just different fun experiences like that. But yeah,
but it was fun. Now it's, you can look back and have a good laugh.
I've talked to guys where they would show up on the road
to different hotels, and there'd be like 20 hookers in the lobby.
Yeah, there's different cities that different
I know like in Belarus or
I don't think the teams stay at those hotels anymore,
but there's definitely some
Well, that's a shame.
stranglers, and it can get pretty dangerous,
but the guys are usually pretty good. I mean,
you always get one or two guys on the team that will let loose, but in,
in the KHL now with the schedule, it's you're in and out of the cities.
You, you charter right after there's no,
they really did a good job as far as making it as close to as the NHL as you can, as far as the travel.
You guys would get breaks though.
So where would you go to?
Where was your spot that you would go with like the other imports?
Yeah.
So Astana was Astana.
So now Nursultan was a six hour flight from Dubai.
So that's the thing about Europe is you get three national team breaks, you and use this Czech Russia Finland Sweden they play their three I think it's in November
December and February so I went to Thailand a few times I went to Dubai um these guys want to go to
Moscow but it's definitely uh it's refreshing breaks the season in a third, I guess, or in a half.
But yeah, guys go everywhere.
But then again, you can't get, you know, especially in Dubai or Thailand,
if you go to the FOMO party and come back
and you have, you know, Andre Nazarov
that's waiting for you with the weight vest.
And we had to do every day off with him.
We had to do, you get a day off on the Monday,
on the Tuesday morning after practice,
you had to get on the ice.
Obviously it's just a full practice. It's a flow and go.
But at the end,
that was the understanding that you had to do 10 laps twice under three
minutes. And I mean, you're booking it.
So that's 18 seconds a lap and guys would do basically two 56,
two 57, but you're flying. So that was his thing.
He's like, I'll give you a day off.
But that was his mentality is you got to work after.
I'd rather not have the day off.
Yeah, same.
Exactly, exactly.
Or we'd run stairs for 45 minutes.
And I mean, in those stadiums, you know, it's NHL arenas.
You're just gassed. So like you said, you might as well just play two touch
or have a light
workout instead of a day off so we had um we had stapleton on he talked about the story when he
came back and there was other people in his apartment uh what are like the jaw-dropping
moments of your experiences in russia like what were like the like this is fucking this is a
different planet yeah i think for me it was my first stint in the russian super league was it was
in mitishi which was uh in the northwest part of of moscow like an industrial part and that was the
last year the russian super league it wasn't the khl yet so um it was all cash so you'd sign a
contract it's send you money up front um but just getting there um they just basically toss you in and tell you show up at the rink but I had
Mosey Atkin who's the legend in the KHL as as on that team and he spoke English but that guy if
if you don't drink 12 Coronas at lunch you're not part of his crew so I mean you had to go hard and
you had to follow him but he's a star he. And, you know, if you can't handle five, six beers, you're in big trouble. But for me was you bring everything, you bring
all your sticks. I think I showed up with like 48 sticks, you know, all the equipment's there,
but, um, you go to the office and they have just a big money counter just for the cash,
kind of like what you see in movies. And, uh, you give your receipt and I i had so much cash as far as uh you know money back for my receipts
um i got to my apartment and like what am i putting that and during that they wouldn't
help you with banks and stuff and i had you know rubber bands of cash and that i ended up leaving
after three months then i ended up you know hiding in my dirty laundry in my, in my skates, you know, I had my wet equipment and I'm like, if they find the money at customs
on my way back, keep it, you know, if you want to go through my dirty laundry by all means.
But I think that was, um, you snuck it all through, you got through it all of it. I got,
I got all through, but that was pretty, uh, now I look back, it's probably not the right thing to do
to be honest but that
back then you just you know you're a young guy you get exposed to a lot of money and cash and then
you know everything happens in the blink of an eye and um yeah so to me that was a big big eye
opener how much was it cash you came back with 300 yeah it was in six digits for sure
easily up there so you didn't sleep a wink on that flight home?
Zero.
Zero.
Just you overthink yourself and you overthink and overthink.
And I got to the point where if I get caught, I get caught.
It's like Wolf of Wall Street.
Margot Robbie.
She got off.
Memes is going to work now.
But this is 2007.
And I mean, I'm sure the scanners and stuff have been all
updated but they were in my insoles and my skates and you know if they catch it they catch it what
was uh who was the one kid who was like uh military affiliated i forget what team it was where he would
just go out there and he would fight every fucking guy on the ice yeah so that was uh that was with
nazarov in kazakhstan so he was 18 years old his
name was uh last name was spirev he was 18 years old and that was uh nazarov's boy so this kid
when we were doing those 10 laps he was at least two laps behind everybody the nicest guy the
biggest teddy bear uh but could not play a lick of hockey but his grandpa was one of the old retired general of
the army of kazakhstan and he ended up taking switching from his family name from his dad to
his mom's name because obviously that was her father um so with that name and i mean me and
nigel dawes had been pulled over at a stop sign he ended up being behind us without us knowing
he gets out of the car you know cops are just freaking out sign he ended up being behind us without us knowing he gets out of
the car you know cops are just freaking out but he ends up showing his ID or saying who he is and
off you go kind of thing right um but he would be so especially in a standout when across the bench
you'd see over the penalty box in the first uh concourse where obviously where the suites are
if you'd see like 10 guys in suits that means the whole brass is there you know you get the the mayor this and the owner of this so then he would send riz on the ice
and he fought as an 18 he fought he fought zvitov i mean toe to toe and these and he did really
really well but they wanted not like when you know hennessy came in on your podcast as far as like
um in uh the team he played right in v jazz but in padals but it was you know it Hennessy came in on your podcast as far as like in the team he played, right?
In Vichaz, but in Pados, but it was, you know, it was almost that, but that's Nazarov and he wanted
skilled with that top line and that kid. And that's there's that clip on YouTube where
that was the summer or the exhibition games before I got there, where he just
manhandled five guys on the ice and jumped on their bench, you know, just did a thing.
But that was that.
He got the snipers out in case anyone comes off the bench.
And then after practice, he would go train with the Marines
and minus 40 outside.
And I don't know what he did, but it's a great guy.
But it's just the culture.
That's how it was.
And if Naz said, you're going, if nigel dawes is sitting on the bench
because riz needs to go on the ice and fight vitov he's gone i mean you got nothing to say
and he would he get on the bench sit in the box and then come right back on the on the bench
vitov was he was he the guy drafted fourth overall to the ducks he was i think in tampa maybe
oh maybe tampa picked he spit on someone at the world juniors oh jesus okay he was an absolute He was, I think, in Tampa, maybe. Oh, maybe Tampa. Tampa picked.
He spit on someone at the World Juniors.
Oh, Jesus.
He was an absolute monster.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the kid.
Bye.
Thanks so much for joining us, man.
You've had an unreal career, 17 seasons all over the world.
Yeah, congrats, man.
I don't know what's up next for you.
I have Meteor, a coach in front office,
but we'll definitely be keeping an eye on you and hopefully have you back at some point to talk about it.
I appreciate it. Thanks for having me guys. Over a thousand pro
games. Thank you, Marty. Congratulations on a wonderful career too. And it's a lot tougher.
It's a lot tougher when you're grinding it in 40 different leagues too, biz, than just doing it in
the show. All right, man. Hey, have a great one. Awesome. Thanks guys.
Big thanks to Marty St. Pierre for joining us. Great interview, man.
I love those guys who traveled all over the world to chase their dream
and keep playing pro hockey, man.
It's inspiring stuff, so hopefully you enjoyed that.
But I do want to tell the fellows listening,
Sport Clips Haircuts offers a unique experience
that exceeds the typical haircut from start to finish.
Sport Clips stylists are experts in men and boys' haircuts
with specialized training and techniques.
Cutting guys' hair can be harder than women's hair, believe it or not.
But when you go to Sport Clips versus a place that cuts women's hair,
you're getting stylists who are specifically trained to cut guys' hair.
Sport Clips are experts in understanding facial shape and hair texture
and cutting to a guy's best advantage.
Sport Clips' signature service is the MVP haircut experience.
It's so much more than a haircut.
You got the legendary hot steam towel on your face.
It feels so good.
You get the massage and shampoo that makes you melt into your seat.
It's the ultimate in relaxation.
And with 1,800 locations nationwide, a Sport Clips is closer than you think.
Visit a Sport Clips near you for a haircut that exceeds the typical experience
from start to finish.
Guys, if you're looking to get that wig drop, go to Sport Clips.
There's tons of them all over the place.
All right, boys, moving along to some hockey news here.
A couple of bum notes we're going to share.
The Memorial Cup is officially canceled.
I don't think this is too big of a surprise given what the state of junior
hockey has been in Canada with the COVID
situation. So there will be
no Memorial Cup this year once again.
Can somebody, sorry to interrupt,
do you know
why doesn't Canada
have vaccines?
I don't
think it's some...
If you don't know, whatever. It's
crazy to me. Yeah, it's been a very slow rollout. I think it's some i i don't know if you don't know whatever i'm just it's like crazy to me yeah it's been a very slow rollout i think it's been very frustrating for who's getting
blamed for that up and now we're from our sponsor is that not should we not bring this up no i'm
just no i'm making fun of the fact that was funny that was funny um it's i i don't know what the
reason for it is obviously have your parents been vaccinated
i think my parents have gotten their first one uh they haven't gotten the second one yet i believe
the first one gets you like 85 immunity so i think there's just overall been a lot of frustration on
the canadian side with the way that the government and leadership has handled things and i'm gonna leave it at that i don't really when when at the beginning of covet i i was really involved in it
was trying to follow up on on everything online and it really just put me in a very
fucking negative place so i try to literally know nothing about it other than just stay in my own
fucking attaboy i'll take over then for you in sticking up for everyone from ontario when they shut the golf courses it's an absolute joke and i said this back when
massachusetts you couldn't golf and every other state you could now every province can go and
golf and these poor guys and women in ontario that just want to be outside the safest place
you can be you can't play golf get out of that, Ontario. Enough. Open the golf courses up.
Let people go outside and enjoy themselves and be healthy and be socially distanced while
getting a little exercise and some mental clarity.
Enough is enough, Ontario.
Go back.
Look at Saskatchewan, the boys, the down to earth.
No, no bullshit.
They're playing golf.
You know, anybody listening, i lie on the side of
you know i i would i would like things to be opened up a little bit more and i and i'm really
really sympathizing for people who are having to live under the conditions that they are in canada
specifically um ontario i think bc is pretty strict as well and you know i i you know i try
to not to be too vocal about it wit just because like people get so riled up and, you know, lives.
It's just it's just a fucking brutal situation right now.
But yeah, it's kind of ironic, too, that British Columbia was so strict at the beginning.
Remember, they almost couldn't get the NHL going because they were so stringent about the guidelines.
And then it turns out Vancouver ends up having the worst covid issues out of anybody, not implying anything.
It was just kind of a coincidence that that's the way it played out.
Yeah. It's, it's been terrible. It's been terrible.
I've talked to a lot of friends up there who aren't happy and, uh,
and I hope that things open up very, very soon for them.
Yeah.
I think if people take precautions and we should be able to do adult things,
but anyways, let's move along.
I did mention the Memorial cup was canceled, unfortunately,
and we got some sad news here in boston uh johnny pearson died at age 95 played 545 games in the
nhl but more more known to boston and new england he called bruins games for about 18 years he was
basically an icon him and fred cusick i mean they were part of my childhood part a lot of people's
childhood here in boston who became bruins fans So our sympathies to the friends and family and, of course, the Bruins alumni who knew Johnny Pearson,
a legend in certainly NHL broadcasting here in the New England area.
So we were sad to hear that news today.
What Monday in Boston is Marathon Monday. Of course, there's no marathon given the covid.
But what I want to ask you, did you venture into the city at all during the marathon and go do some public drinking with the city kids at all?
No, but when I went to BU, Marathon Monday,
and this is for everyone in Northeastern BC, it is the day.
I remember we'd be  we always had to have a 6 a.m. workout
because they knew we were going so hard that day.
You know, see, if you go in, you get your hour-long sweat, and the boys don't care you're all together and then you're you've already got
your beers the night before and then you just go and you get after it we used to drink right in
front of um copy cop oh no you won't be you was it was it was the barnier kenmore square called
antuanua no what am i thinking oh uh tannin No. Either way, it was right in BU's campus, and the race would run through.
I remember my sophomore year.
My dad came in.
My brother was there.
Everyone was getting buckled, the whole team.
And Will Ferrell ran by.
The place went bananas.
He was doing the marathon that year.
But we would be waffled.
One year, the Sox always play like a 10-30 start.
They played the Yankees.
I went with Freddie Meyer, great buddy of mine.
We got to get him on the show, actually.
NHL career.
He's now running the skills, running teams.
His son's nasty.
Freddie Meyer showed out Sanbornville, New Hampshire.
And Brian Collins, we went to the game.
Played with Brian guy.
Big ears, bigger than me.
But another good buddy.
Came out of the Red Sox game with those crack beers crippled.
And it was like 130.
And then you just meet the boys on the street.
And then you go home. boys on the street and then you
go home and then let's you know maybe people not maybe people get into some shenanigans and then
you see who makes it out that night you see who makes it out that night so it was just the longest
drinking day of the year and every school has different traditions in the boston area but today
was did you bring up the weather it was like 61 and sunny it was the perfect day it would have been an awesome awesome time
but no when i was younger i didn't know nosebleed vodkas no ncaa buddy hey so uh i think we've
talked about these crack beers before you think the draft beer that they they uh they give out
at fenway has crack in it i think for the part, you'll talk to anyone at stadiums,
the draft beer there.
I don't know if they don't clean the pipes
or what it is,
but Fenway Park,
if you have six draft beers,
you're crippled.
I don't care how much you can drink.
You are buzzing after six of those.
Yeah, especially at 11 o'clock game at Fenway.
And that is, I mean,
obviously today, like I said,
no marathon,
but it's such a great tradition here in Massachusetts.
What the hell's the holiday again? Patriot Day, right?, obviously today, like I said, no marathon, but it's such a great tradition here in Massachusetts. What the hell is the holiday?
What's the holiday again?
Patriot Day, right?
Patriot Day, yeah.
Yeah, they had the Red Sox play at 11 in the morning.
The marathon goes on.
If you leave the game, the marathon's running by.
It's just one of those like quintessential Boston days.
But I remember back in 05, it was the lockout.
Bruins weren't playing.
Patrice Bergeron had already played for the Bruins,
but they sent him to Providence because he was young enough to play.
Walsh, he brought him to the copy cop. There used to be a copy cop on boylston street about a mile before the finish line and it was all kids from
selty georgetown charlestown just public drinking outside you know talking beers piss in the alley
do whatever and while she shows up with patrice bergeron now he was you know no people knew who
he was but he wasn't quite the superstar and i was absolutely buckled like like meeting him i was like dude i'm like and thornton was still on the team i was like you gotta, no people knew who he was, but he wasn't quite the superstar. And I was absolutely buckled, like, like meeting him.
I was like, dude, I'm like, and Thornton was still on the team.
I was like, you got to show Thornton.
I was pointing.
I'm like, you got to show Thornton how to win, baby.
I goes, you got to show.
He's looking at me like I get.
No wonder he won't come on the pod.
He's like that guy's on that show.
You're like, hey, let me show you this picture of my pet squirrel.
Absolutely buckled telling Bergeron to lead the way with Thornton.
But hey, you know what?
I think I was right at the end of the day.
Like, Bergeron had to lead Joe, and they ended up trading him.
And, you know, history played out the way it did.
R.A. was the reason Joe Thornton got traded.
It all comes back to R.A. being  no, it was the reason they won the cup.
Oh, that's right, yeah.
Yeah, R.A. won the cup.
They made the cap room for what's his name?
Sharon Savard.
All right.
Enough of that.
Saturday night, Grinnelly texted us, said, who you guys bet in?
And was it Jake Paul, Logan Paul?
I don't know the fucking difference.
Grinnelly.
Jake Paul.
I've had enough of this shit.
I think this is the biggest joke going.
Do you see the guy? The guy he fought? Oh, dude, I got had enough of this shit. I think this is the biggest joke going. Do you see the guy he fought?
He looked like me.
Dude, I got home, and I just got the fight because I went out to dinner.
I was just sitting there.
And he walked out, and I was like, are you serious?
I actually was like, what?
I texted him, and I go, look at this guy.
He literally looked like, yeah, like me or R.A., just a bag of milk.
It was disgusting.
And then I found out he wasn't even a boxer.
So, like, who am I to say anything to this Jake Paul kid?
God knows how much money he just made.
But just fight a boxer.
Just fight a  you're a professional boxer.
You're undefeated.
Just fight a boxer.
Like, you say, and he's open.
Like, everyone dogs at me.
Everyone wants me to lose.
Everyone shits on me and says whoever I fight isn't good enough.
All right, next fight, fight a pro boxer.
And even if you lose, people will be like, yeah, but man,
he fought somebody legit.
What does he care because he's making bank?
But once I saw that guy.
They're running a racket at this point.
Yeah, it was a joke.
It was a joke.
That guy was disgusting.
If you buy those fights fights you're an absolute clown
put the guy would punch our heads in but still he's not even a boxer well he's a UFC fighter
he punched your head and he wouldn't fucking punch my head that guy would beat the absolute
wheels off you but it wasn't an MMA fighter no no the the UFC fighter yeah but the thing is what
he was that MMA fighter the clip was going around him eating punches during a fight it's like, I understand one punch can knock a guy off from anybody,
but it was like, he'd get up, he was laughing after with the wife
and walking off.
It was almost like Jose Canseco at Rough and Rowdy.
They called it too quick.
They called it way too quickly.
How much did he make for that fight, Mikey?
The ass screw?
It's not public, but they sold over, it was like 1.4 million pay-per-views.
That's insane.
I mean, it was over a 50 fight.
They brought in like 60-something million dollars.
So he probably made a good 10 million or something, man.
Yeah, I mean, that Paul kid, man, I mean, I don't know him.
I'm not familiar with his material, but like,
snake it till you make it, dude.
If you're playing this role as a boxer and getting people to fight you
and selling this many PPVs, then keep doing it, buddy.
We're convincing people we know something about hockey.
I mean, I'm sure you can convince enough people that he's a fighter.
So, fuck, I guess we'll just secure the bag and move on.
Speak for yourself.
Speaking of securing the bag, Mikey Grinnelli,
let's talk about the song.
Fill us in.
All right, that is correct.
We have another song.
Every Tuesday and Friday, we have this song on the Play Barstool app.
And this time, it's at 7,500.
Like I told you guys last week, 2,500.
It carries over week by week.
If someone doesn't win and no one's won, you have to get all six picks right.
That's the point of the game.
You have to get all six picks right.
This week, here are the questions.
Johnny Goudreau, yes or no?
Will he score? I chose week. Here are the questions. Okay. Um, Johnny Goudreau. Yes or no. Will he score?
I chose.
Yes.
Uh,
Calgary versus Ottawa.
You have to pick the score of that game.
I,
I chose four Calgary for Ottawa three,
uh,
car McDavid to score.
I chose.
Yes.
Then you have to choose a score of Edmonton,
Montreal.
I chose Edmonton for Montreal one.
Then it's James Ream,
James van Reams.
Like,
will he score?
Yes or no.
I chose yes.
And then you have to pick the score of the Rangers Philadelphia Flyers game in
which I chose the Rangers five Philadelphia Flyers two.
As everyone's listening to that. Yes, it's, it's very hard, but it's free.
That's the whole point. So get on there. And what, what do you have to lose?
It takes you legitimately four seconds to just chuck out some guesses.
And then if it's your lucky night, you're 7,500 richer. And what do you have to lose? It takes you legitimately four seconds to just chuck out some guesses.
And then if it's your lucky night, you're 7,500 richer.
So check out the song.
So having said all that, go to play barstool, get involved in the song.
And you never know what can happen on one night when you catch fire and become a rich man.
So what else did we have, boys, to chat about?
Oh, there was a golf tournament.
And when I speak about golf, I got to bring up our good friends at TaylorMade.
They have a new website that you guys all need to check out immediately.
It's BarstoolSports.com slash TaylorMade.
So I guess it's part of Barstool's page.
But they have their own area where you can see everything for sale involving Barstool,
Spit and Shakeouts, and TaylorMade.
You've heard us talk all about them.
The Sim family is out.
They're available now.
You can get fitted anywhere with the Woods, the Hybrids, the Irons.
They are so good.
You hit them pure.
You hit them very, very far.
And if you go to barstoolsports.com slash TaylorMade to check out right now the latest videos
from our entire team at Chicklets and the golf team over at foreplay and the tour response
also is the ball that many people have wondered what a what in a nice expensive ball like like
what is what's the difference right well you're gonna get the the nice expensive ball without the
expensive part because it's a great ball it's cheaper than the competitors and you can get that
at the barstool sport store excuse me. So what are you waiting for?
Get yourself fit for the new Sim family of clubs
and get out there at barstoolsports.com
slash tailor-made.
And we bring up golf because this week,
Hilton Head, the RBC Heritage Classic,
I believe what the tournament's called,
and Stewart Sink, 47 years old,
wire-to-wire dusting of a pretty strong field
post week after Augusta
and wins for the second time this year.
He won the Safeway in the fall or whenever that was.
And he goes on to shoot 63 in the first round.
I bet against him in the second round
because a guy who's older and he shoots 63,
it's hard to back that up.
Guy shoots 63, it's hard to back that up guy shoots 63 it's
hard to go out there and fire a low number after that he did it again he had a 63 again he was 16
under through for friday and and for people i haven't played this course but in reading about
it and talking to people and watching and talking to people who've played their bowling alley biz
we would be screwed or i would be screwed you'd be just completely screwed
you have to hit the ball so straight the fairways are so tight and the greens are so small that this
guy just put on a clinic with his son on the bag his son's his caddy i think his son's the same
age as colin morikawa who's in the final group with him sunday so an amazing feat for a guy to
go wire to wire at that age. And then you talk after the families
were talking or his family was talking, he's just had a resurgence at a later age. It's like golf's
nuts. You can play the best golf in your life when you're 50 years old. That's what I keep
telling myself. So to see that was pretty cool. And a guy who won the British open people actually
probably the most, um, disliked isn't the correct word but when he won the open it was the year tom
watson blew it tom watson was like 74 years old like leading the british open all he had to do
was par the last hole the 72nd hole at turnberry and he hit his drive in the middle of a fairway
and then he hit a little too much club and the ball bounced long he still made a pretty good
putt from off the green and missed like a five footer to win the open and sent him to a playoff with stewart sink who took it down in the ugliest fluorescent green hat or
like shoes i've ever seen so everyone wanted tom watson to break this record of the oldest major
winner ever and stewart sink and his in his horrible lid is taking it away so he's still
an open champion but i remember most people wanted w to get it done, but congrats to him.
It was a huge weekend win.
How old is the oldest guy now in his 70s?
No, I think the oldest major winner is 47 or 48 years old.
This guy like Julian Soros, am I imagining that name?
Oh, my goodness.
No one even in their 50s or 60s.
No, no one's ever won a major. This guy could have won a major at 74.
That would have never been broken.
It's not Julian Soros.
I just Googled Julian Soros.
Some guy from Yale School of Engineering bought it up.
I think it's Julius Boros.
Yeah, pretty, pretty.
Wow.
48 years, four months.
What have I been saying, Whit, for the last few months on this podcast
regarding golf gambling?
That eventually Obama's going to come in.
Now, Stewart Cink, you could have got him pre-tournament odds
anywhere from 100 to 1 to 175 to 1.
Absolutely ridiculous odds he came in.
And then this stat, unfortunately, it wasn't brought to my attention
until after the tournament, but there was a tweet on April 13th
before the tourney.
This is from a guy, Dave Tindall, at Dave Tindall Golf.
He said, in the debate on whether to back someone
if they've done well at the Masters,
there's a player at the Heritage whose first five wins
came the week after a major, including two at the RBC.
And of course, that was Stuart Sink.
He had, week after the Masters, the guy who was on fire.
I wish I saw this tweet fucking three days before. I would have made a shitload of money. But bottom line is week after the masters the guy who's on fire i wish i saw this tweet fucking
three days before i would have made a shitload of money but bottom line is after masters this guy is
is a fucking machine he's won six fucking turns did you say his first five wins on tour came the
week after the masters or a major excuse me his first five wins came the week after a major a
major two at the ibc because he had won it twice prior. So basically he had.
But you also did say that it was a strong field though, right, Witt?
It was a pretty strong field.
Like DJ's playing.
I mean, all the guys who are RBC sponsors are obviously there.
But I mean, Morikawa was there.
Is he an RBC guy?
I don't know. But the picture that blew me away was he won this exact tournament.
It must have been 20 years ago.
You should see his outfit and his,
his caddy was like being held in his arms by his mom.
He's a little baby or two years old,
whatever it is.
So an acid washed fucking jeans on.
No,
the guy had on like the loosest fit pleated khakis with a garbage visor on
just a eight,
just like a 90 style to the core.
But man,
that's longevity.
That's longevity.
Hey, God bless anybody who had them at those odds, too.
The other sport we talk about in addition to golf.
Oh, my God, I know what you're going to say.
Soccer, man.
It feels like an earthquake throughout the soccer world.
Obviously, you know, soccer not huge in America, but there are tons of European soccer fans in America.
And a bunch of teams are forming a Super League.
It's kind of a weird thing.
You know, if you're not familiar with European soccer,
and I'm hardly a master of that stuff,
but a bunch of teams from different countries are going to form their own league
and be a Super League and kind of upset the whole fucking, I guess,
world of European soccer.
I know some politicians have come out and spoken against it.
I don't know if it's going to happen, but let's go to you, Whit,
for your reaction.
Disgusted.
Biz, disgusting.
As a lifelong soccer fan and Chelsea Football Club fan
and my club being part of this, disgusted.
Big Cat had on troops on part of my take that dropped today.
This is where, you know, we're doing this Monday and he does a great job of explaining
why it is so disgusting.
And he's a man.
He's an Arsenal man.
Terrible team.
He's an Arsenal man.
And they're part of it, too.
They're part of the Super League.
I don't know how they're part of the Super League.
Them and Tottenham suck, but they're richer clubs.
Now, here's basically what happened.
And Big Cat had a pretty good analogy.
suck, but they're richer clubs.
Now, here's basically what happened.
And Big Cat had a pretty good analogy, I thought.
If anyone doesn't know, European soccer is made up of, you know,
the French League, La Liga in Italy.
Bundesliga.
Bundesliga in Germany, the English Premier League.
What's the French?
What's the French?
Italy.
Serie A. Italy.
Serie A.
What is French's league?
Come on, R.A. Trivia is French's league? Come on.
All right.
Trivia.
Trivia.
I think this might come up.
Is La Liga Spain?
I think that's Spain.
The croissant,
chocolate croissants,
Ryder's favorite breakfast.
It's a healthy breakfast,
dad.
So all these leagues have their regular seasons and the premier league is the best league in the world,
I would say.
And there's a lot of money involved.
League.
L-I-G-U-E.
League.
League.
Now, Mikey, if you could do me a favor while I'm talking,
is pull up the list of the teams.
But basically what it comes down to is there's a lot of teams in each league
who are the big dogs.
And you see it over here with the Yankees and the Red Sox,
and you look at the big market teams and the big spenders and English football it's Manchester United Arsenal Chelsea
Tottenham Man City and I'm forgetting one damn they're like the six power teams and they
are the richest clubs but they're also the ones generating most of the money.
And so they look at it with some of their greedy American owners who troops does a great job just carving.
And these guys looking at it like, why are we making money for all these lower level teams?
Let's start our own Super League.
Well, the issue is the history of soccer and the fact that there is so many different tournaments in Europe.
Each European league has their league tournament or their league regular season.
Then there is the Champions League where England sends their top four teams in the Champions League.
Germany sends teams.
Every league in Europe sends teams.
And then you play to become the champions of Europe.
And there's even for teams who get knocked out and other teams they play in another tournament like that just believe it
beneath it good speaking called the europa league or the europa cup
what what they're trying to create is never any matchups against lower level teams which is what's
made soccer in in in all these countries become such a world presence since history,
since the game began.
So if you look at like what the coolest thing in England
and Russia with hockey, the same thing they do,
where these teams, like I said, are eight and under they begin.
All these teams, like, man, you play for a team your entire life
and a team who doesn't have money, they still have a chance.
It's going to be difficult and you can't face off against man city.
If you're a Swansea or some lower level Fulham team,
but you have the chance and there's relegation.
And it's just such a long history of like,
you can't ruin that and change that and create the premier league,
not meaning anything.
And the champions league not meaning anything because these teams who are
just going to play each other every year have taken and are trying to get rid of the history of soccer.
So I don't even know if I'm doing a good job explaining it.
I got the teams here, Wade, if you want them.
Okay, so go ahead. Read the teams.
There's also no relegation in the Super League too.
It's ruining what soccer is.
There's already a Champions League.
It's Milan, Arsenal, Atletico madrid chelsea
barcelona inter milan juventus liverpool man city man united real madrid and tottenham
okay i bet you the players are like fucking right so that's where we're traveling to let's
no baby no all players don't like it fifa's already come out that's why i i don't think
this is gonna happen and if it does it's actually come out. That's why I don't think this is going to happen.
And if it does, it's actually like the end of soccer.
And I just became a fan.
And the fact that this may happen pisses me off.
FIFA has come out and said, if you play for a team in the Super League,
you cannot play for your country in the World Cup.
Wow.
That's a heavy punishment.
That's all that matters to them.
On the other side of it,
and they're doing this at the perfect time, right?
Where it's COVID, there's no fans at the games,
Troops brings this up.
And the fact that each team,
in losing all this money over the past year,
each team, if they join the Super League,
is going to be given 3 billion.
So it'll change soccer forever,
but if you're telling me that 12 of the best
or whatever the best teams in the world,
all those players can't play World Cup,
what will soccer be?
Bring them to America, baby.
Bring them all over here.
Let's get going.
MLS.
What's the call?
Is that the word?
MLS.
MLS, baby.
Old guys come to get fat paychecks and retire.
Seriously. Back of comps to just paychecks and retire. Seriously.
Back of comps to just live in Miami and rip it up.
It's like an old pro league.
I'm trying to think of an NHL equivalent where guys just play off the fucking string and get paychecks.
And where Yarger owns his team and plays in the league.
Well, also, so if you look at college football, this was what the big cat analogy was.
College football, if Alabama LSU. Oh, what a take that is. You know what I mean, right? look at college football this was what the big cat analogy was college football if alabama lsu
um oh what a take that is you know you're on it right you're and and and and ohio state and texas
and oklahoma and the best teams in the pac-12 just start a league i'd love it i don't know
would you i want to love it i went to what I actually went to LSU Alabama at LSU.
That would be sick.
What a time that is, dude.
Three times as many people tailgating as there are in the game.
For any reason for me not to have to watch these homecoming games
where teams are getting bent over 60 to nothing, yes.
Make the college Super League, please.
So, Ben, are you a fan of the Super League?
I don't want to see Nick Saban fucking dummy in teams
1,000 to nothing on homecoming night.
Alabama's ball boy could be like the starting QB
on like the lowest level team they play against.
But I think another factor, too, is when I've gathered reading,
I read Jack Mack on Boston and Sam Zami, who's been doing tremendous
soccer work for years there, and
obviously Troops has joined us. It
seems like the reason the fans are mad is
because there's so many working class
fans of these teams, and they feel like they're being sold
up the river by these teams for
the dollar. And these
fans speak out more than I think North American
fans do. Like, North American fans up? Yep, prices
are going up. What are you going to do?
Well, European fans, they go protest outside the fucking press car,
what do you call it, box office, and they protest the team.
They make these things not happen.
Obviously, there's much more passion about soccer in Europe, but it's a complex issue.
But, yeah, I wouldn't say I'll be surprised if it goes through,
but I wouldn't be shocked if it does not go through at all.
Soccer fans do the Clark Griswold's brother-in-law approach
where they go kidnap the boss.
I don't know why they call this stuff hamburger.
Hell, but Clark does his fam-bot still.
Cousin Eddie, all-timer.
Boys, actually, our buddy Mike Camito,
we've talked about him on the show before.
He has the book, Hockey 365
He has a new version of it coming out
If you haven't checked it out
Every day he has a different story from hockey
He's got a fantastic Twitter feed
Check that stuff out as well
He's a great follow
And boys, did you see Glennie Balls?
His adventure down in Georgia
Our co-worker, Glennie Balls
No
Glennie Balls, if you're not familiar he does burger
reviews at bostel he's a just a jolly kid he's such a nice kid and he was down in georgia uh for
riggs's uh well bostel's golf classic and somebody actually invited him to their wedding they're like
hey if you're in georgia why don't you come to a wedding glenny is 24 years old and he's never
been to a wedding before so he went to his very first
wedding he was in atlanta for the boss new classic he get he ended up going to total
strangers wedding he knew nobody there he went to the wedding blogged about it and again glennie's
such a nice jolly kid he went had a great time was dancing with grandmothers and aunts and shit
it's all in it crushed every bridesmaid uh It was absolutely hilarious. Four for four, first wedding.
It was a cash bar, though.
Cash bar.
I hadn't been to a wedding at 24.
Really?
Yeah.
I don't know.
None of my buddies were married.
My first wedding was, well, that I visited.
Not a family wedding.
Or, you know, I might have gone to one when I was really young, right?
But I don't remember it.
Actually, I went to, well, this is going to sound weird.
My mother's wedding, she divorced my father when I was a baby
and got remarried. I was actually the first
wedding I went to. I was like nine years old, ten years old.
My mother and my stepfather's wedding.
And it was the first time I ever did...
Were you like the ring bearer or anything?
No. I don't know if I ever did
a ring bearer, but we were there, obviously, with
the kids. Too much
to ask for from me at that age.
But no, dude, it was awesome, dude.
It was the first time I was ever at a party with adults.
I mean, I was at, you know, in the 70s and 80s,
you were around adults a lot and you saw stuff
maybe you wouldn't see nowadays.
But this was unreal, dude.
It was the first time I got on a dance floor and danced.
I never danced before and it was like, holy shit,
this is like, you know, it's still a very vivid memory,
fucking 30, 40 years later that, you know,
you're out there dancing with adults, having a good time,
but yeah. They're like, hey, are you the nine-year-old
with the coke? And I was like, yeah, yeah.
Who told him? I'm like, this kid's off the wall.
Yeah, this nine-year-old's got the shit.
No, but I was fucking, I was
revenue. Was I dreaming that last
night or did that nine-year-old really have a bag of
blow at the fucking wedding? Kept the whole party
going. But no, I'm surprised
when he took it out on for a wedding.
You should have seen the Playboy
subscription that he brought too.
It was a party
favor. It's a fucking 1980s
issue of Playboy. Oh my god.
I'm surprised it was that late for you, Wade, because
you know, I think most people are
at weddings by drinking age
or 18. You might have a friend.
I was 23.
I don't know.
Weddings are fun.
But what happens is like you go through so much of a gluttony in your 20s
into your 30s that they become redundant,
which sucks because you should want to be there and experience it.
Like it's a first time event,
but everybody gets married when the first fucking enough for more than like five, five ten years and it's just like before you know it you're like oh
fuck we gotta go to another fucking domino effect it's like once one person in the friends group
gets married it's this big domino effect but i mean so i agree with you already less people
should get married yeah well just spread it out a little more, you know? No, weddings are fucking fun.
Get married.
Get married.
I saw Trevor Lawrence got married.
That's wild.
That would be love.
That's wild.
First overall.
Let me translate for everybody listening.
I can't believe this guy got married at a college
because he's going to sign this massive NFL ticket,
and he could be hammering chicks like Nick Boza is on his Instagram.
Correct?
Is that kind of the breakdown, Whit?
Is that fair?
Yeah, but listen, people are different,
and I think it sounds like he's maybe a very solid fundamentals.
No, that's a football term.
Maybe like a
Yeah, just a guy who's in love at a very young age.
But normal.
Listen.
Yeah.
Good luck.
I sound like an asshole.
It's just like, I don't know.
If my son was about to be the first overall pick in the NFL draft
when he got married, I'd be like storming the gates to break it up.
Biz, you would go to a wedding as a stranger.
I could see, maybe not right now,
but I could totally see that at 24.
Like some fan invites you,
like an eerie Pennsylvania
come to our wedding.
You're in town for the weekend.
I've showed up to places
like hotels and there was,
you know, a couple of people
in the lobby from a wedding
where they were like,
hey, come and say hi like my friend
and then i went in there for like a drink like joined in on on a wedding but never like for the
whole goddamn thing i i actually had a very briefly a wedding crash or my wedding when i was i got
married in florida i did the destination wedding which i know stanley cup crashed yours the guy
who carries it around with the white club richardor. It was that. Yeah. And I got mad. Lido beach resort in Florida.
Just the island just North the CS, the key, beautiful spot.
And I was sitting there and I looked over and like, yeah, when you,
when you spend that kind of money and you're fucking, when you,
you know who was on the list, I looked over and I'm like, yeah,
I don't know that guy. And like, I just walked over. I didn't grab somebody.
Hey, who's that guy over there? I was like,
Hey buddy,
who are you here with?
And he was like,
ah,
whatever.
I was like,
yeah,
I don't think that's anybody here.
You should probably leave.
He left like without incident,
but I actually had to boot somebody for my own wedding who was trying to crash it.
I already had the hand stamps.
He was giving out drink tickets.
Yeah.
He had full on,
full on security.
Fucking gate a bait in the morning.
Motherfuckerashed my wedding.
It was probably your buddy's, like, connect that he had,
bringing him some shit to get even more banged up.
No, no, that was Tommy.
We let him in fine.
He didn't have any money, but we waved him in right away.
He was actually my best man.
Yeah, he was on the invisible ink list we had.
All right, found a SWAT team on Craigslist
in order to play security at his wedding.
My wedding was a blast
though. It was fun.
We've kind of went on forever here.
Holy shit. Yeah, it's been fun, man.
I think I texted Gia and
sent out a tweet. I think this has been a fun episode.
We go off the rails sometimes. This is one of them,
but I think people in their cars driving around,
it's a nice distraction for them.
I agree.
I agree too. Very true.
Any final notes you want to add before we sign off on?
Yeah, Witt's an asshole.
He doesn't believe in marriage.
And if you have any issues with that,
please take it up with him on Twitter.
Imagine not believing in true love, Biz.
What a heartless bastard.
Hey, boys.
What?
You can think what you want,
but I think with my brain, not always my heart.
You got to use both.
So you can always say Witt's the prick, Witt's an asshole,
but I know what the fuck I'm talking about.
Let me tell you that.
Good luck to the Lawrences, by the way.
I wouldn't do it.
Let's hope the Super League gets axed.
By next week's episode, we need no more Super League.
That needs to be resolved quickly.
Goodbye. Let's do it. All right, everybody. Have an awesome week. We love you more Super League. That needs to be resolved quickly. Goodbye. Let's do it.
All right, everybody. Have an awesome week fantastic sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets.
Huge thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Butcher and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Blue Nile for making our partners look beautiful with their lovely jewelry.
Huge thanks to everybody at Shady Rays.
We're looking forward to checking those things out.
Big thanks to our friends at SimpliSafe for keeping our safe homes.
Big thanks to everybody at Sport Clips, too.
Guys, if you're looking for a haircut, by all means, check them out.
And big thanks to our friends at TaylorMade.
If you're on the golf course, by all means, check them out as well.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
