Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad- get on the road again The life I love is making music with my friends
And I can't wait to get on the road again
On the road again
Going places that I've never been
Seeing things that I may never see again
I can't wait to get on the road again.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to the Larry Bird episode of Spittin' Chicklets.
That's number 33 for you folks outside the Boston area.
Brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Say hello, gentlemen.
What up? What up?
Hello, gentlemen.
Larry Legend episode.
My subdued tone is not due to the results of the games on the Stanley Cup thus far.
My wife is on a phone interview nearby
so I'm trying to be less of a big mouth for now.
Yeah, we were told to keep it quiet.
We'll be loud soon enough and I'll be
cursing soon enough. And before we get into everything,
we had a little mix up in
terms of we thought we were going to have a guest this week,
okay? Now what happens is sometimes with
our guests is that
I don't think they really necessarily know we're
recording it like we have 20 minutes because we're just seeing each other once a week. So i don't think they really necessarily know we're recording it like we
we have like 20 minutes because we're not we're just seeing each other once a week
so they don't really understand that when they're like oh hey can we do it you know next week
yeah we can but sometimes we really plan on it so it kind of it kind of sucks but
i don't even want to say but there's going to be some good guests coming up we just feel a little
bit like i think i'm getting treated a little bit like like a pigeon in terms of getting some
guests on like i gotta, I gotta be better
and people are just kind of being like,
hey, wait, leave me alone.
Come on.
It's not you.
It's them.
Thanks, buddy.
Thanks, buddy.
Yeah.
But that's, I just wanted,
we don't have a guest this week,
but that's why,
just before we get into
how great this has been
and how upset you are right now
because you're not looking good.
These bets are not looking good
and you had one of the worst beats
I've ever seen in game one.
Yeah, we got to leave with that.
We have to leave with that because I feel bad.
You were so mad on Twitter,
and then people are going at you,
and then you're getting more mad on Twitter.
And it was...
I know.
I understand it doesn't look like you necessarily could tell.
I thought the toe was off the ground.
I think it's the worst rule ever.
It was a joke.
The goal didn't count. But once they did the review that's been going on that everyone hates, I thought the toe was off the ground. I think it's the worst rule ever. It was a joke. The goal didn't count.
But once they did the review
that's been going on
that everyone hates,
I thought it was clear.
Now you didn't?
No.
Just for those of you
listeners who might not
be keenly aware
of what we're talking about.
Good job.
P.K. Subban
scored what we thought
was going to be the first goal
of the Stanley Cup.
Game one.
Blast from the point.
Rocket.
Rocket.
Cleanly beats Murray.
Which means he got beat
Four times that night
This one didn't count
So anyways
He scored the goal
I screamed so loud
My poor wife looked like
Janet Leigh in the shower
Psycho
You didn't tell us
You had this bet
I actually
On Twitter
About an hour before the game
I said PK
20-1
For the first goal
How many guys you take
That night
Just him
Legit
Last night
That night I only had PK
For first goal
First goal
And 20-1 20-1.
20-1.
And you had 250 on it to make 5 Gs, right?
So, boom.
In the net, I shit myself.
I mean, like, because that was way too high of a number.
He was 10-1 last night to further indicate that he was way too high of a line.
The place in the power play has a cannon.
Yeah, I mean, it's like.
It's offensive.
So, it happened, and it's like.
I went nuts.
My wife, she thought, like, the fucking furnace blew up or something. She's like, what happened? What happened? Furnace, like, it's offensive. So it happened, and it's like, I went nuts. She thought, like, the fucking furnace blew up or something.
She's like, what happened?
What happened?
Furnace, like it's the Christmas story.
Like, I know how to fix a furnace to boot.
So she come down.
Like, what happened?
Oh, fuck yourself.
And I was like, PK just scored.
I just won five grand.
She's like, are you shitting me?
I'm like, no.
And then, like, you know, like, they go to the replay, and I'm like, oh, well, I see
where Forsberg receives the pass from.
I'm like, there's no way that's offside.
But for a second when you were like, what are they doing?
Was it like, oh, no?
Well, yeah.
You started panicking.
I did.
But the initial replay, which was Forsberg back to the camera.
You can't even see the puck.
Just the way he received the puck.
I was like, oh, they're just taking a shot here.
And then I saw the replay, and okay, does he lift his foot up?
And basically they come back, and I said to my wife,
now I'm pretty, I know I got a money invest or whatever.
I'm pretty good at saying, okay, that's going to get overruled.
I can remove emotion from a clear-cut call.
And I said to my wife, I said, I'll eat my fucking hat if this comes back.
Not the number four hat.
No, God, no.
There's no way that they can overrule it based on what they're showing us right now.
And they come out and they say the play was offside.
So you didn't think his toe was off?
Here's the thing, Ryan.
You didn't either?
No.
No way.
Listen, here's the criteria.
It has to be 100 conclusive.
When you look at that and you see there's absolutely no fucking doubt in my mind that
his foot is there.
And you can't do that with that frame because it's so fucking fuzzy.
It looks like a Barbara Walters interview.
It's fucking, you can't see it cleanly.
Maybe they did in Toronto, but I watched the NHL PR.
They tweet out the fucking, you know, the explanation.
And they don't even say, they show the frame and it's like,
that doesn't tell you because it was a goal on the ice.
I understand when it's the goal on the ice, it's got to be 100.
That's my issue. I can handle the loss bet,
but the fact that they didn't
prove to me that he indeed...
It looks like it, but it's so blurry
that you can't conclusively say.
If it looks like it, I felt like he lifted the top
and there was almost a little shadow.
A shadow with your soul in it.
It's not incontrovertible.
That's the standard. It has to be 1,000.
Like last night's game, for example, Pittsburgh's fifth goal.
You look at that.
Clearly offsides.
Clearly should have been called back.
No doubt about it.
You can't say the same thing.
It was way closer.
I know.
It was way closer.
It was such.
What a difference.
Like two.
Like 1-0 on the road in game one.
Dude.
Well, yeah. And all of a sudden it's three call at the end on the road in game one. Dude, well, yeah.
And all of a sudden, it's three call at the end of the first period.
Yeah, shoot swing.
And then, all right, enough of the gambling.
So, anyways, yeah, I had a 5,200, one fucking jump.
Well, on Twitter, though, I saw you, like, mad.
I'm like, oh, he's mad.
I was steaming, dude.
Steaming.
What did you say to the guy?
Sorry for being salty that I lost 5K.
Yeah, yeah, the guy's like, oh, he goes, oh, you're a little salty.
Yeah, I was like, yeah, dude, let's last 5K.
I go, suck my dick, I told him. And the bestest one guy's like, technically, dude, you didn't lose 5K He goes Oh you little salt I was like Yeah dude Let's lose 5K Suck my dick
I told him
And the bestest one
Guy's like
Technically
Dude you didn't lose 5K
You lost 250
And I was like
Fucking Johnny Semantics
Over here
Tell me I didn't
Just lose 5K
Yeah so
Anyways
Enough about me
And that shit
But no
That's the point
That's building to Ryan
Is it
It fucked the Predators
More than it fucked me
It should have been
One nothing
All the momentum there And instead Goes the other way um I mean Peke's been bad Peke has been bad he's
had some bad luck two goals off defenseman he's been horrific yeah not bad I can't believe how
he look is he does he start next game I mean LaViolette wouldn't commit to him last night
he's been yeah he did he that's hard to do. Like, I think, yeah,
if you're me,
you start him.
Like,
he's been awesome at home.
Yeah.
They're going home
where they've been great.
Subban,
by the way,
guaranteed victory
in game three,
Marc Messier style.
Fuck you get to lose
in this day and age.
I love that,
I know,
nowadays,
like,
whatever.
Everyone remembers
if you win,
and everyone forgets
if you lose,
but the whole,
the first two games
has been,
the first game,
and I know it was talked about, like, pretty much beat to death, but that was the worst win
I've ever seen a team have in the playoffs,
let alone the finals.
I don't even, I think it was 12 shots was top five,
least fewest, was it ever a playoff game or a final game?
Crazy, it was nuts.
So Nashville's like, all right, well,
we dominated that game. We should have been up
1-0 if you want to look at it that way.
Basically, they should have. That rule,
we'll get back to it maybe.
They should have been up 1-0. All of a sudden,
they still get it to 3-3.
That Gensel, who, how about this
fucking kid? I know. Fucking Omaha, Nebraska.
How's the summer he's going to have?
What did he play? Two years there? Grinnell, can you look up how many years? I think he was two or three Fucking Omaha, Nebraska. How's the summer he's going to have? What did he play? Two years there?
Grinnelli, can you look up how many years? I think he was
two or three at Nebraska, Omaha.
He's two goals
away from the record for rookie goals.
Dino Cicerelli has 14 in the Stanley Cup
playoffs. So he's actually in consmite
consideration now. How can you not really talk
about him, at least in consideration?
So he gets that fourth goal, which was a great shot.
But it was still, it should have been saved. It was it was a quick it was a quick wrist shot but renee
just doesn't get his glove up and it's after this amazing comeback on the road in game one
you you're like oh look we end up losing that game and then that then so you think all right
well national's fine they just got to play the same way but a part of me was like they're not
going to be able to to like how are they going to play that good and have Pittsburgh play that shitty again in game two?
He played three years at Nebraska-Omaha.
Three years at Nebraska.
What round was he drafted, does it say?
Like second, third?
Was he even drafted?
No, I know.
If he wasn't drafted, that's incredible.
They got a couple guys on that team.
Go to HockeyDB, Grinnell.
What do you want, like Google?
Wikipedia.
Hockey reference. Thatinnell. What do you want? Google? Wikipedia. Hockey reference.
That kid is filthy, though.
He's going to be...
Have you seen the girls in Minnesota?
What's he, 20, 21?
What a summer he's going to have.
He's from Nebraska, though.
I don't know.
He's not going to stay there all summer, though.
He's got to be in Minnesota, dude.
I'm assuming that's where a lot of people train now.
But maybe he stays in Nebraska.
I just feel like every kid from the Midwest ends up living in Minnesota.
Third rounder.
77th overall.
Now, back to...
And he grew up in Nebraska?
Grew up in Minnesota.
He's from Minnesota.
Okay, so that's why I had Minnesota in my name.
Back to Rennie.
You know, I don't obviously like what I see.
I understand he'll go home.
It'll be different.
Now, the thing is, if y'all LaViolette, next game's your season.
You can't go down 3-0.
It's like, okay, this guy's been terrible in two games.
Am I going to go with him?
Terrible.
Are you going to go with him?
If he does decide to go with him, are you going to give him a short leash?
Or do you just say, well, the kid's sorrows had better numbers than Rene this season.
I don't know a lot about him.
I didn't see him much this year, but he's a pretty solid prospect.
I don't know how LaViolette feels about him, but I don't know a lot about him. I didn't see him much this year, but he's a pretty solid prospect. I don't know how Flavio Lett feels about him, but I don't know, man.
I know Rene got you there this far, but what has he done to give you any confidence going into game three, man?
The only thing he's done is that he's been an amazing goalie for a long time,
and he's been really good at home.
And without him, you're not there.
And so, like, I don't think there's a question in any guy in the locker room's mind that Peck will start a game three.
But, you know, there's also the same guys are thinking, like, but he has to be himself again.
Like, holy shit.
Right.
It's one thing to get, like, the one I played in one Stanley Cup cup final i have told you guys 9 000 times but at
least now i can relate to like when we lost detroit was just so much better than us right
so it's like not easier to take but in a way it's like oh we were just holy fuck what a team they
had you're outmatched you got beat by you got out you got beat by a team that was way better
right now like nashville it's like holy shit like we're we're having stretches where we're
dominating these guys.
And we didn't even get one win on the road.
But, I mean, being positive and looking at it in certain ways,
like they won their two home games.
We got to win our two.
Yeah.
I mean, they've outplayed them for five periods.
The first game was 39 minutes without a shot for the Penguins.
It's banana land in terms of who they have up
front. It just makes no sense. That's how good
Nashville can be, just holding the puck
and just drilling
the puck into your zone and playing
the offensive zone the entire game.
Last night, I thought
they looked a little too cute last
night. They were passing up a lot of shots.
They look like they're just going
for that perfect shot, whereas Pittsburgh, their first goal fucking i think it was sheer he throws it
at the net gensel's there now that's a terrible goal that renee can't give up i watched it seven
times he after the first save it caught it was like the size of the puck right he was yeah he
makes the first save and then he goes to pick his leg up he's already like flat to the eye he's
already sealed he shouldn't he shouldn't move at all and then he goes to pick his leg up. He's already flat to the eye. He's already sealed. He shouldn't move at all.
And his glove ends up moving.
Game two.
Or was it his glove or blocker side?
And literally, I don't know how it went in.
You're like, how do you let that in?
And Gensel scores another.
I'm like, this kid.
But then throwing it to the net, and the puck goes in off Fidler.
Yeah, those aren't high percentage shots, and they're going in.
And Nashville's not doing that.
Well, here's the thing.
So Nashville's had great stretches of play.
Their goalie has stunk.
But they have taken some of the dumbest penalties I've ever seen in my life.
In game one, first of all, so they've taken bad penalties,
and then the refs in these games.
Oh, all playoffs, dude.
It's like I kind of hate ripping on refs because it's just like the players win the game.
But at some point, like the way the game's being played, you're like, dude, what are you guys doing?
But we'll get into that.
The first night, it was a horrific call on, I don't remember who got the penalty,
but it was a phantom call in front.
And then over on the side, James Neal ran over.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And he did what James Neal does.
Yeah, and he took these two extra cross checks.
It was so stupid.
So they're already down a man from actually what shouldn't have been a penalty.
And then James Neal could tell them, I'm down five on three.
Like two minute five on three.
Like how many, you maybe get like
four of those a season
and one of them
is in the Stanley Cup final
so that's being fired up
and just playing like
and then on the five on three
when a team
the team with the five on three
they got to be careful
not to get a penalty
because you already
got a five on three
and the golden child
Crosby
fighting for the puck
blatant interference
slash elbow whatever you want to call it for the puck, blatant interference,
slash elbow, whatever you want to call it.
I mean, it was blatant.
That's what I'm riding on. And the same pick on any play on a 5-on-3.
So you hate the treatment Crosby gets?
I don't like it.
Don't you think that people get away with shit on him?
All the time, but that's a separate issue.
It's like a call like that, and you see it all the time. If a team's on a
five-on-three, man, they have to know
if you commit a penalty, they're going to call it.
That's hockey, man.
And he committed, and it wasn't away from the puck.
It could have been a call. And it ended up, they ended up
scoring it. That's why it was such an
important non-call. And again, it could
have been Malkin. It could have been any Penguin.
It was the fact that the puck was in play. The refs
were looking at it. There was no excuse.
And it was blatant.
I mean, it was blatant.
They came in.
There was no excuse not to call it.
Again, if they let it go, even strength.
Okay, five on three.
That's when refs like you're going to get no leeway.
You already get a five on three.
And that was huge.
They don't call it.
They just go a few seconds later.
And a two-minute five on three.
It's like, but then look at last night.
So stupid penalties.
They get a two-minute five-on-three themselves, Nashville does.
It's a two-way street.
And Fisher takes the dumbest cross-checking penalty on Ian Cole.
People, Nashville fans, didn't think that's a penalty.
Like you just said, when you're down two men, you get anything you do.
So that's why the Crosby one, that was a missed call.
But the Fisher, like, and then you lose a two-minute five-on-three.
The fact that one of those happened for both teams is like,
what is going on with this?
It's just the odds of that are crazy.
And it would have been a five-on-two because Bonino took one off the foot
and he was useless for that rest of that shift.
I don't know how Bonino came back and played hockey.
When they showed the rebound behind.
Russian tour doll.
Yes.
Just a quick Russian wit injection right near your ankle.
Bonino's going to be talking with a Russian accent today.
Drago.
No, he, but the angle that, it looked like it hit right in his ankle bone.
I was like, he might be done for the playoffs.
It looked like a shattered ankle.
So he somehow was playing later in the game.
Yeah, that's the power of drugs.
Yeah.
But, you know, just the penalties that Nashville's taking.
Yeah.
And the referees.
Okay, so the guy that I've been impressed with most, I think, is this Eckholm on Nashville.
He's fucking unreal.
Like, skating.
He skates it so well.
I didn't even realize he had any offense in him.
He's wheeling around the net.
He's making saucer passes.
He's got a cannon.
But he has been the dirtiest hockey player in this series.
And they haven't called anything on him.
He's slashing, crushing.
The hit on Cullen hit him, right?
And then he's slashing at Cullen after.
It's like, I don't know what.
Yeah.
The non-calls last night were crazy in game two.
I'm like, what has happened to.
There was a time when after the lockout 10 years ago,
whatever it was now, when everything was called,
now it's like going back to just like complete caveman style out there.
And it takes
away from so much of the game that's good i think yeah and like i said my biggest issue is is the
lack of consistency and again yeah one night it's one thing each team this is like not a penguins
thing a predator thing it's every team every series this playoffs has had bad calls that have
affected things greatly i mean all it takes is one call to fuck everything up. And we're just seeing it way too much.
I mean, the ironic part is of all the four major sports,
hockey's not even close to the worst.
You know, like NBA, Tim Donahue.
NFL's a joke.
But, you know, our sport, we should have better.
I mean, you know, if they
Maybe every ref will always be shit on forever in sports.
Yeah, but, like, you know, they've got to establish consistency ref will always be shit on forever in sports. Yeah.
But like, you know, they got to establish consistency.
Go ahead, buddy.
I interviewed Tim Donahue one time.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
And he told me that the ref who, what are the odds of that?
The ref who gambled and who got caught, you know, he's a, he, he's a handicapper now.
He's a professional handicapper.
No shit.
Did he go to jail?
Oh yeah.
He did some time.
How did you interview him when you were in jail too?
No, no.
I just don't know.
Grinnell, he did like six months.
I was working at a radio station, and the host didn't show up that day.
And they were just like, Grinnell, we need you to go on and host.
And I was like, who are the guests that are lined up?
The host was just on a bender.
Yeah, and he was like, oh, they have Tim Donahue, the ref that used to gamble.
But he said that a ton of refs still gamble.
Yeah, but now he's just the guy who's probably just like, I'm not the only
guy. You think he's
definitely telling the truth there? He was like,
what do I have to lie about? He's like, I've already been
busted. He's like, I'm a handicapper now. I'm not
even reffing anymore. He's like, I don't really care.
He's like, I have nothing to...
But it's definitely still happening.
Imagine if NHL refs were just hammering
the over-under and stuff.
Honestly, if you're a gambler and you're going to Tim Donahue for advice,
the guy who had to fix NBA games because he was in debt to the fucking mob,
then you probably might want to.
Call me.
I'll give you a fucking pick for nothing.
Don't.
Before you spend money on Tim Donahue.
A free RA pick.
And just on that quick digression,
that shows you the power of media and when you have
corporate partners because that story should
have been as big as scandalous.
I'm dialing the clock way back here
to the Alex Karras-Paul Horning NFL
story. This predates even my birth. Ask a millennial.
I know you just don't know. Actually, I think
we might have even done this on an early episode.
Alex Karras and Paul Horning were two
Detroit Lions. Alex Karras
played Webster's father and they were suspended for the year for gambling on the NFL.
Huge.
It was huge.
Oh, they just hide the stuff.
That's what the NBA should have been.
Because the NBA has their paws everywhere, nobody wants to upset the apple cart and kick the money train over.
So that should have been the biggest scandal in sports ever, but the NBA has fucking dirt on it.
Yeah, I don't think the NHL refs are gambling.
I just think that sometimes they call a lot
and sometimes they call a little.
So you're right.
Consistency is just like...
I guess it's tough when it's different guys.
I mean, they just call the game different.
But when the series get...
Every other night you're watching the same teams play.
It's like, holy shit, this is a different game
because there's two different refs.
Yeah, like the one
at the start of the game,
was it Wilson?
I mean, that's a...
I mean, I think Milbury saw
that's a chance he called.
I'm like, dude,
the refs right there,
it's a cross check.
I mean, yeah,
he could let it go.
It wasn't the hottest one,
but it's like,
there's stupid penalties
and you can't give the refs
a chance to blow the whistle.
You can't put the ball
in their court
because they're going to
fucking blow the whistle on you.
And that's what Nashville keeps doing over and over and over again.
Yeah, foolishly.
So I think the lock of the year might be Nashville game three, though.
You clowns will be down there.
That's not why I'm saying.
I'm saying because they're going to...
I just can't see them going down 3-0 at home.
They've been so good.
They've played good hockey.
Yeah.
I don't see how they lose that game.
R.A. hates the word lock.
Yeah.
Oh, he hates the word lock.
Nothing's a lock until it's over, and even then it wasn't a lock.
I just say it.
Day one as Spittin' Chicklets producer, I tweeted out, like, who's a lock for tonight?
No such thing, kid.
Immediate text.
There's no such thing as a lock.
No.
I mean, well, it's like the Simpsons and Jimmy the Greek guy.
And Jimmy, the lock of the week.
The shoe in of the week with the giant shoe.
And there's absolutely no chance that it ends up hitting.
Nashville, I probably just completely mushed them.
But I'm still going to just hammer them.
Because I think they're getting it done.
I haven't looked at the money line yet.
Have you checked at the game?
No, I haven't even checked.
I haven't checked.
Vernelli produced that.
Produced that shit.
Check that money line.
Obviously, there would be a solid play.
It's their season.
It's their season.
It's their season.
It's their season.
Yeah, and that too.
Do we want to get into the national trip now?
Yes, you guys are going down.
Yes, we are going down.
I mean, now I can say that it was me who said originally,
like, guys, why don't you just buy your own tickets?
That never was brought up on the podcast.
But later on, I texted these clowns on our spitting chiclets things.
Guys, why don't you just go down?
And they had already pretty much chose to do that.
Well.
Right.
All right.
I'm easily.
Oh, he's rattled.
You rattled?
No.
No.
We were talking about going before anyways.
Yeah. rattled? No. No, we were talking about going before anyways. Yeah, but it
just seemed like
you weren't going
to go on our
last podcast
once they
weren't going
to.
I never said
I wasn't.
I thought you
were done.
I thought you
were done.
I was just
upset that
Don't get mad
at me.
No, I'm not
mad at all.
No, I'm fine.
Last week I
got my anger
out.
I was upset
last week that
the powers that
be didn't
want to send us there.
So we're sending ourselves.
You're going to crush it down there now.
And that's the other thing.
People, I love the guy on Twitter last night.
He's like, you guys got to go.
You can't just do like, you know, podcasting.
You guys got to step it up now that they're sending you.
And I was like, buddy, I don't think you know what you're talking about.
It's like, we're sending ourselves.
That's all.
I'm not complaining.
I got it.
Yeah, well, no, I mean, I didn't know.
But the thing is, I didn't know if Grinnellelli was going to be able to swing it you know i'm
saying like if if they're not sending us mics on a budget i'm on a butt like you know i'm easily
convinced i'm very the guy who just like does it think and then like after he's like fuck i got no
money left but that's the guy i want to hang yeah yeah it was very it was a late it kind of late
decision i mean we're literally getting equipment overnighted to us right like today so it all kind
of came together late it wasn't like well if they don't you know mean, we're literally getting equipment overnighted to us, right, like today. So it all kind of came together late. It wasn't
like, well, if they don't send us,
we're definitely going. I mean, it was, yeah, we want
to go, and it was able to work out. Also,
the ticket factor, there was a lot of bouncing balls.
The ticket factor's huge. I also just think,
though, that you guys with these Nashville fans,
there's going to be some solid content
because I think these people don't know
a ton about hockey for a whole.
I think a lot of them do, but a lot of them just love the entertainment.
They love their city's team.
And you can tell that it's just the best atmosphere going right now.
So I think they're going to be fired up to maybe talk hockey with you two.
They're going to be baffled by your accent.
Yeah.
There's some rockets down there.
I might have to slow it down a little.
Not picking on them just because I talk so fucking fast.
No, they actually are going to probably just eat it up.
Yeah.
They really might.
Listen, I'm excited for the hockey. I'm excited for
Broadway, drink with some fans, some award-winning
listeners, but I'm excited for the women.
Yeah, exactly.
You've got to get on, like, can you
set your Tinder or whatever to
that location? You can. There you go.
Look at that.
How hard is it nowadays?
God damn it. So easy.
I'm married, but I can still be a wingman.
Ultimate wingman.
That's the best.
I play the role.
I'll have the ring on, but you know.
So do you guys have a plan of where you'll be yet,
or are we just going to figure that out when you get down there
and be on Twitter and stuff?
Honestly, shout out to the Nashville listeners,
people who tweet out.
They've been outstanding already, so I can't wait to get there.
We've probably had 40 or 50 recommendations on where to eat, drink, do whatever so far.
We're kind of just still packing, getting everything together.
We're going to make an itinerary in the next couple days.
Next, we leave like tomorrow.
Yeah, what the fuck's today?
Oh, yeah, we're leaving tomorrow.
Yeah, we leave tomorrow morning.
So I'm psyched.
I mean, I say this, anyone who's been around me or far,
I've been wanting to go to Nashville for years.
It's the best.
Anything to do with hockey, just music, city,
there's an allure to it.
I always want to go, and everyone who goes says it's a blast.
Then, I mean, of course, I got the money and the predators.
They go to the country.
It was a natural.
It was like, you know, this is a calling.
I have to go to fucking Nashville now to go to the Stanley Cup.
You guys country music, guys?
I like it.
I like all the country.
I'm not so much on the new stuff.
I'm a country guy.
I listen to all the music pretty much.
Big country music.
So we had our dad's trip one year in Nashville,
which the dad trips are the best.
Every year,
the team does one.
One year,
we did the mom's trip,
which,
love my mom,
but it's not the same with the moms.
You know,
like the dads are getting waffled
It's great
So we did our dad show
Yeah my hands are a little
Too much ros
You gotta stuff
In a hotel room
At 8 o'clock
Yeah no the moms
Are in the spa
Like the dads
You go golfing with
It's a little different
But so one of ours
Was in Nashville
And the dads
Just get crushed
Like you know
You go
So the first year
In Nashville
We did it
And that year
They had your room With your dad on the road instead of your roommate.
This was before everyone had their own room.
So it's like...
I don't even room with my dad in Vegas.
You're like, what?
One, room with your dad.
It's just like, all right, I want to have my own thing in here.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, a little late night act.
And then two, the dads are coming back at like three in the morning.
They're crippled.
And we got a game the next day.
Dad, what's my game?
I'm like, Jesus.
All right.
So they go out.
There's a team meal with the dads and then the guys go home.
We're playing and then the dads stay out.
So my dad comes bombing in at like two in the morning.
All the other dads, you can hear him in the hallway.
Comes in.
I like wake up.
But he grabs a book.
He's going to go read a book in the
bathroom if he wanted to read he didn't want to keep me up so all of a sudden like i wake up it
must have been two hours later to like thud like i was like holy shit it sounded like somebody was
like just like falling over i go in he had passed out reading his book and when he woke up he went
to get up but his legs were asleep.
He didn't realize it, and he just went burying into the bathroom wall.
He's like, my legs are asleep.
I was like, this is a dad's trip.
That's happened to me more than once, dude.
You fall asleep on the dumper in the middle of the night, dude.
Oh, my God.
You get up, and you get up too quick.
It's like you're like fucking Lieutenant Dan.
I got no legs.
You got no legs, Lieutenant Dan.
And the other dad
trips, the couple dads
took diggers, came in with like stitches
in the forehead. I mean, I can't
even imagine being a dad. Your son's in the
NHL and you get to go, like you're
on the plane with him. You're seeing like how
just NHL
first class it is. And then
you're boozing with all these other dads
who are beauties too.
That's what Nashville is perfect for.
Obviously no names, but any dad's wheel, any broads?
I never, I never.
I'm looking up for the divorced dads.
I've always heard one story about a guy
who he was getting after with a woman per se,
and she turned around and looked at him and said,
do you like that?
You like that?
And he said, yeah.
And she goes, so did your dad.
No shit.
No shit.
But who knows if that's true.
It's a good stuff.
Sherman ain't never had no relations.
So, yeah, we're fired up, man.
I can't wait to get there.
So we're gonna
We're gonna game plan
Yeah
I
Just cause we got
The NHL Network on here
I'm just reminded
In this game
That kid's goal
We had to mention that kid
Oh Aki Berg
The future pope
Pontus Aberg
Like he was
Who is
The second round
I looked at him
Typical Nashville guy
But watching that goal
That was one of the
Prettiest goals I can remember in a Stanley Cup final.
Yeah, that is a beauty.
And when they scored that, too, that was after not scoring on the 5-on-3,
I figured they had it.
So there's plenty of good hockey ahead for them.
Maybe you guys can really bring the luck.
Yeah, I'm  hey, man, obviously I would have preferred a split,
but I think six years ago, I think of this scrappy team from not too far from here.
My buddy texted me.
Put their asses off out in British Columbia.
Come back.
I went to.
Came home to a ridiculously rorous Boston.
Raucous?
Is it raucous?
Raucous.
I'm making words up today.
Raucous.
Hey, authenticious.
I don't know.
What is with you fucking Charlestown guys?
So, hey, man.
Go down.
Like PK said, win the next one.
Then, you know, know game four it's always
pivotal if they can leave nashville tied up at two then we got a best of three uh i can't wait
to just experience it like i we goofed on pierre as we always do when he when he said it was louder
than chicago after they won the cup uh but i had a friend who was in the building and you know played
in the show and he said it he goes it was it was the loudest building he'd ever heard in any level anywhere
and this is a guy
who played in the NHL.
He said,
it's fucking insanity down there.
Yeah, I can't wait to hear.
We're going to look for us.
We're going to be
bouncing all around.
You guys should throw
a catfish on the ice.
How new is that arena?
Not,
it's 20.
I don't know.
I mean, how old is their team now?
They've been in 20 years.
It's roughly 20 years old
because that's the only arena
they've been in.
This is like their 18th, their 19th year. The arena's sick been in 20 It's roughly 20 years old Because that's the only arena They've been in This is like their 18th
Their 19th year
The arena's sick
Yeah
You see it's like
It feels smaller
Than like the garden
Or bigger
I like that
But the corners
Kind of come in a little bit
It's
The rink is sick to play in
I would venture to guess
Without researching it
That the Predators
Are probably
Maybe the only team
In pro sports
That
Got their nickname From Ex from excavating the site
where they were building their arena on.
Honestly, I think they have one of the coolest nickname stories ever.
Wait, somebody said to me, what's a Predator?
Like, why and what is it?
I didn't know this because I always thought that was stupid.
I think they probably should have just went with saber-toothed tigers, to be
honest with you. I don't know. It's a good idea. Nice Flintstones
tying with that. Oh, but I don't even know
the story. Okay. When they were
excavating the site to build the Bridgestone Arena
on, they came across
saber-toothed tiger fossils.
No shit. Yeah.
The fucking teeth on the logo. That's the
fossils of those animals or what they found
on the site. Oh, I didn't know that. That's kind of of those animals or what they found on the site.
Oh, I didn't know that.
That's kind of cool.
And they hadn't...
And you can't call them
saber-toothed tigers, right?
Yeah, I mean,
you could have went tigers, I guess.
You know, whatever.
Oh, yeah, saber-toothed.
That's what the Bear Academy
would up there represent.
So, yeah, so they fucking dug up,
found the saber-toothed tigers
and obviously didn't have
a nickname yet.
I mean, predator, yeah,
I mean, technically
all fucking animals
in the kingdom of predators.
We're predators. I mean, as eat mean technically all fucking animals in the kingdom of Predators we're Predators
I mean as he is
I'm talking the animal kingdom
Grinnell would be a Predator
in Nashville
he's a Predator
yeah
he's a Predator on Broadway
I'll tell you that for free
Vandy Chicks
so yeah
so I think that's
I'm a big nickname
origin guy
I like that shit
so I think it's a cool story
that that's where
they got the name from
yeah I mean Predator
is kind of a generic term but but the logo is pretty good.
I mean, they found the fucking saber from a dinosaur basically.
Yeah, that's pretty legit.
I respect the logo a lot more now.
I really do.
A quick little trivia question.
Can you name me the two bad radio?
Name me the two NHL logos that are inspired by the Civil War.
Blue Jackets.
Boom, boom. That's an easy one.
I don't know.
Bad radio segment.
Tell me.
Calgary formerly the Atlanta Flames.
Which is kind of a funny name.
Yeah, your city got burned down. We're going to cut you the flames.
That was why it was?
Yep, the Atlanta Flames.
Kind of hilarious.
Who knew? Yeah, you do now.
What is a thrasher?
A bird.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, it's funny.
That place was the biggest joke.
One side of that place is only suites and boxes.
Yeah.
And the stands behind you for hockey, that was the worst place to go and play.
I hated it.
Although guys didn't mind living because they lived in Buckhead where Ray Lewis murdered that person.
But they really did actually say, like, the fans, it was so bad.
So bad.
The hockey had no business there.
They're 0 for 2 down there.
They should never return.
But, yeah, they actually, Atlanta, when they were there, they had three birds of prey as three of their city nicknames.
Hawks, Thrashes, and Falcons.
Must be a lot of birds of prey down in Georgia.ia you got the stats today fucking bringing it man i'm a i'm an old school logo fucking stump
the swamp the funk logo the swamp cleveland barons if you will um all right so what i mean oh speaking
of pk did you did you happen to see the e60 on them? Yeah. Did you watch that? Yeah. I didn't know you saw that.
Yeah, it was excellent.
That's really, really good, actually.
I mean, I thought that he said some great things like,
dude, I get so fired up to score goals in the best league in the world,
so I celebrate.
I'm like, what do you care?
I feel like only old grumpy fucks care, though.
Who actually gets mad when he celebrates Besides Don Cherry
Yeah I mean
That's what you said
This is what you're paid to do
This is your living
And you do
The ultimate goal is to score
And you do like
How do you yell at someone
For being over fucking exuberant
You know what I mean
Like
Like I mean
Team of Salani
I mean he used to fucking
Shoot pucks out of the air
His rookie year
Remember that
He told me
He told me that was
The biggest regret he ever
had in his career. Oh, okay. So much at that point.
No, no, no.
I know. Isn't that weird though? But I always
thought, why? I go, that's like such
a cool clip for everyone to see.
But I think sometimes just people get
guilted into being like it's
hockey's game where you don't show people up. But he's not
even really, I don't know.
Well, I think it is. It's a kind of a I don't know if it's Canadian or if it's a hockey culture where it's just like, you don't show people up, but he's not even really, I don't know. Well, I think it is. It's kind of a,
I don't know if it's Canadian or if it's a hockey culture
where it's just like, you know, score a goal and
get back to the bench. I mean, it makes the
game fun, man, when people
are having fun. I mean, it just carries over.
And like the
John Scott quote, I know that kind of raised some
Twitter hackles. That was from a year and a half
ago. John Scott called him a piece of garbage on the
ice or something. Did you catch that quote?
Yeah, you gave it to John Scott online, dude.
I saw that.
Well, I said, hey, if PK's a piece of garbage, then what do you call,
and I listed his three suspensions.
I mean, if you're going to call, that's, I mean,
what did that hit on Louis Erickson?
That's garbage.
I mean, because the guy fucking, you know,
boat shit does a bow and arrow.
I mean.
Yeah, what did PK say back to him on Twitter?
But PK, well, I come to find out that interview was about a year and a half ago.
Because this whole, the whole segment, they did film it over like a year, year and a half, they said.
Well, he said that a year and a half, a year, year and a half ago.
Him and PK saw each other.
I think it may have been the All-Star Game lunch.
So they've commiserated.
They're cool with each other, basically.
And PK did tweet out, hey, good to see you, blah, blah.
Just to let people know, don't worry about what they're saying on Twitter.
Because then John Scott became a captain in the All-Star Game MVP,
so he's kind of up in PK's level in the game.
He's like, we're cool now.
We're cool now.
I like the celebration.
But it was cool.
But even PK kind of put that fire out, I guess.
I mean, I watched it.
It's like, dude, if you're going to call someone a piece of garbage on the
I think it should be more than because they celebrated a goal.
But whatever, they squashed that beef.
My question about that E60 was, I don't know if you guys saw when P.K.
Subban got pulled into Michelle Terrien's little film room and just got cursed out.
How many times did that happen to you?
I was like the guy in Something About Mary when he said six-minute abs instead of seven minutes.
Actually, hold on.
I just got a tweet.
PK's getting an MRI right now for potential spots on his lung from being in Terrian's office so much.
I actually was like, what?
What's fucking happened?
We got live.
Hey, Brinelli asked how often that happened to you.
It happened to me all the time.
And he said way worse stuff to me.
Although one of his biggest lines, too, he said it there.
He said, I told the guys yesterday that you weren't ready to play.
You had bad practice.
I knew you weren't going to be ready to play.
Like, shut the fuck up.
No, you didn't, dude.
Like, you're now saying.
He used to say that to me all the time and everyone else.
Your practice yesterday, I knew you wouldn't be ready to play today.
Like, don't try to then say you fucking knew I wasn't going to be playing well.
You had no idea.
People have good and bad practices all the time.
That reminded me so much how much I disliked that guy.
But those things are so  he used to get so much just vicious stuff.
There he probably knew he was on camera and it's PK.
But PK actually, he didn't really talk back to him at all.
He just kind of took it.
You think a lot of players now are kind of giving it back to coaches,
which is something you shouldn't do.
It's so hard not to, but you just really shouldn't.
Fuck you.
It's your coach for a reason.
But guys just now, it's just a different game.
But he just took it.
I think he probably went through that so much.
He's like, here, we'll get another one.
Yeah.
Like, put me back on the ice.
I'm going to score.
I'm going to play good.
Just shut up.
He must have thought he died and went to heaven going from, like,
Terrian not allowing him to high five his goal.
Low five.
I'm sorry.
Low five his.
I mean, imagine.
That never got, like, attention.
Like, Terrian didn't let them do that.
Think of how fucking petty that is, okay?
That you win a game
I mean how many
guys have their own
little thing
how many wins
do you get a year
40 if you have
a really good team
and they had this
little thing
that not even
like a low five
two guys doing a thing
like who gives
a fuck
and they fucking
told them they can't
do it anymore
I mean it's like
what the fuck
so he goes from that
to a guy who
doesn't like him
no confidence
to a guy who hey man do your thing you confidence, to a guy who, hey, man, do your thing.
You know what I mean?
Like, Lavio loves the guy.
It's going from a coach who hates you to a guy who loves you
and is honest with you and deals with you respectfully.
And he must love it, man.
And we're going to go back to this again.
Montreal, Castellaw, and this ain't no knock on Shea Weber they made the trade
then they end up firing Terry and this must suck
for Shea Weber and it's going to be even funnier
whenever it is when they end up firing the GM
and then they're going to and Shea Weber is
like still making you know whatever it is he's making
and you know and let's face it every defenseman gets
old he's not going to do it forever
I can't wait I can't wait for the shot in front
of that right now it just I mean
yeah you got to give it a year or two, I guess.
But as of right now, it doesn't look like a good trade.
It looks like Montreal lost the trade big time.
But Shea Weber right now, watching this,
he's the biggest Penguins fan in the world.
And honestly, I say that from experience.
You're happy for the Predators if they end up winning,
unless he's a way better person than I am.
You're happy for the Predators, but at the same time, you're like, come on.
Would he be choked?
So choked?
I mean, I think he would be fucking choked.
That's a great way to put it, as Army says.
No, no, that was Halsey.
Oh, that was Halsey.
Yeah, Halsey said it, because I remember like...
I knew it was a Canadian.
I'm like, is that a good thing, a bad thing?
I had like a no idea.
What does that mean?
Oh, shit.
Now, what are you going to do for the game Saturday?
Anything?
Just fucking TV?
You don't do the bad thing anymore, right?
No, dude.
I got to watch games.
Like, I can't watch a game at a bar.
Me neither.
Yeah.
I mean, when I actually want to watch it, like I'll go watch
a football games,
but if I actually want
to watch the Patriots,
even a bar that puts on volume,
which no bar in Boston
will be doing that
for a Penguins Predators game,
they probably won't even
put it on the fucking TV.
You have to ask them.
Dude, it's the Red Sox.
They have 99 more games.
Can you take the Red Sox
off one of your 78 TVs
and put it on the hockey game,
Yeah, it's Drew Pomerantz.
It's the Stanley Cup Finals.
They're like, what?
But no, I'll be watching the game.
I mean, I'm really interested to see how Nashville ends up playing.
I don't think that they can  I don't think they're going to lose the game.
They're a really good team.
They've played two games, and they're going home.
I refuse to believe  and part of it's just me Not wanting them to lose Because I'll
3-0
It's like fucking
Stanley Cup Finals
It's over
Might as well watch
The fucking NBA
I want
I think I might try
To watch the NBA
No I'm down
I think I might try
Let's jump on that
I know we have fun
With the NBA
I actually can't wait
To watch the series
I mean I'm
Low key I'm a hoops guy
I know we joke on it
I probably played
As much hoops
As anything growing up
Not saying it was a good idea Yeah like you And every other white kid In Boston being Larry Bird Yeah Low-key, I'm a hoops guy. I know we joke on it. I probably played as much hoops as anything growing up.
I'm not saying it was a good idea. Yeah, like you and every other white kid in Boston being Larry Bird.
Yeah, yeah.
That's pretty much what it was.
Everyone loves hoops around here.
I mean, we grew up in a dynasty.
And the Salts were pretty good in the 70s.
They won a few titles in the 70s.
People forget that.
But yeah, the 80s, everyone around here was a hoop head.
But this is a rubber match, one of the greatest fucking, like, you know,
three-round fights ever, I guess you want to call it.
What are the odds?
Golden State is about three to make one on Golden State.
Wow.
Yeah, and it's roughly one to make 250 roughly on Cleveland.
Cleveland's big underdogs.
Cleveland's a big underdog, a sizable underdog.
Oh, I didn't know that.
And they're playing fantastic basketball.
I'll tell you, man.
You know, like last year or even two years ago,
everyone and their mother was rooting for Golden State.
And then even last year, it was against LeBron.
And although LeBron, everyone was rooting for Golden State,
LeBron comes in, nasty block.
They come back 3-1, all that shit.
But now they go out and get Durant.
And it's like, David, they went from everybody,
the team everyone liked to the team everyone fucking rooting against.
And then everyone roots for LeBron.
There's so much of that shit going on.
I think it's going to be a pretty good series.
Long year for all the other guys in the NBA who just knew they weren't going to be in the NBA Finals.
Oh, yeah, like you mentioned.
They should have just.
To top the show, you know, another guest, not to tease, but, you know,
me and Grinnelli are trying to line up a little something for Sunday night's game two of the NBA.
Believe it or not, there's nothing going on Sunday with the Pucks because they're between games.
And you'll be down in Las Vegas.
We're trying to find a special guest to maybe watch the game with.
So keep your eyes and ears peeled on our Facebook, Instagram, and all that shit.
I think we've got some all-right Hamiltons to do if it's that time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's time to give us
some questions here. Alright, boys.
Jack Kaiser wants to know
Kaiser Sose.
Say that again. He probably hasn't seen
the movie. I have no idea what you're talking about.
Emergency
Ask a Millennial. I was gonna fake
laugh there, but I just did the usual suspects.
You ever seen it?
No, I've never even heard of it.
Wow, this is how you feel.
This is how you feel.
Yeah.
See, okay, now you know the pain of our first few episodes.
The frustration.
All right, go ahead, you fucking Muppet.
But you never even heard of the usual suspects.
Peasant millennial young fuck.
Oh, my God.
Go ahead, man.
Man, I hate you.
All right, Jack Kaiser wants to know,
any stories of players buying ridiculous stuff
with money from their first contract? And, Whit, what was your first purchase? Definitely a Russian. All right, Jack Kaiser wants to know, any stories of players buying ridiculous stuff with money from their first contract?
And Whit, what was your first purchase?
Definitely a Russian.
Oh, man.
I actually knew a guy who, I don't know if it was his first contract,
but he was getting married and the wedding was really expensive.
And he was saying, yeah, I want to get some tigers for the wedding.
I'm like, tigers?
He's like, yeah, you know how much they cost? I said, he's like yeah you know like how much they cost i say
he's like 50 75k i'm like what what are the fucking tigers do he's like just like they're
chained up so when you're like walking into the entrance they're like oh but they can't get to you
you know i'm like oh my god that's like mike tyson level shit um no so shit. No, so my first purchase, I wanted to get an Escalade.
I wanted to get a big Escalade.
I want to take you on an Escalade.
My dad's like, you can't get it.
I'm like, what do you mean?
He's like, no, you're not fucking getting an Escalade, dude.
You're not going to training camp with an Escalade. You're not going to be that guy. I was so mad. I'm like, no, you're not fucking getting an Escalade, dude. You're not going to training camp with an Escalade.
You're not going to be that guy.
I was so mad.
I'm like, all right.
And then I think I wanted a Lexus, and he wouldn't let me get a Lexus, old school Lexus.
So I got an Infiniti Q45, dude.
It was like a nice car if you're 73 years old and retired for 23 years.
Dude, I got to camp, and all these guys were like, holy shit, whose car is that?
Who is that guy?
Just come from the country club, 65 years old.
It was so bad.
So finally after that, I ended up getting a new whip a couple years later.
But that was my first purchase.
That was like the big one.
Infinity Q45.
I don't know.
I mean, how much of them?
So you what
19 years old
No I was
I was 21
And Pops is telling you
You can't buy a car
So I don't know
If you're a true millennial
Because a true millennial
Would say
Fuck you dad
I'm buying it
You're buying it
Oh no no
What he said
Went
Dude that's how
You fucking gotta be raised
I think
You gotta be afraid
Of your dad a little bit
You gotta be afraid
Of your dad
That's a fucking known fact
We've already established you're on the low end of the millennial scale
Like biz
I haven't in me but I'm not
It's more the age thing not the mentality thing
Like this guy
No absolutely
What are some other stuff
What pop says goes that's the rule
It's true
In terms of other stuff
I do it everyday Guys just go out and spend What Pop says goes. That's the rule. Yeah, it's true. It's true. But in terms of other stuff, but...
I do it every day.
God, guys just go out and spend...
Guys just go out and usually get real nice cars.
It's not as crazy in the NHL as fucking the NFL
and you pay off your seven best friends.
You go buy all them a car.
Yeah, everyone gave you a ride to practice
when you were a kid once a cut.
That would have been pretty awesome to be able to do that.
Yeah, well, I mean, the NHL guys, they don't go as bankrupt as
well, I mean, Sports Illustrated did that huge story years ago
about athletes blowing all their money.
When Vince Young thought he would  remember, have we talked about this?
When Vince Young, in that article, he went bankrupt,
and one of the reasons Was he heard people Flying private
So he wanted to fly private
And what he did was
He went and bought
Every single seat
On an American Airlines
Flight cross country
Because he thought
That was like
Oh my word
And there was two people
That had already bought tickets
So it was him
His boys
And then these like
Two random people
Oh my god
I don't
Oh my god
And his crew was spending
Three or four thousand bucks a week
The guys he was living with
At every week
Three to four K
At Cheesecake Factory
Was it Apple
Oh was it Apple
I was thinking
Was it Applebee
Okay
Was it Iverson
It was either like
TGI Fridays
Or Applebee's
And they were spending like
Thirty fucking grand a month
I'm like
Dude if I'm
Imagine being the person
In that Applebee's
Oh god
Holy shit.
You ended up, like, running the city.
Money train.
Like, honestly, like, imagine, like-
What do you do?
I'm the fucking head guy at Applebee's.
I make eight million a year.
But imagine spending that much money on that food.
I can't fucking-
That's hilarious, but that's why you end up on the, you know, assistance fund for your fucking 40.
We got to ask guys, when we have guests on, if we ever have a guest on again, we'll ask
guys what crazy
purchase they ever see. Because Russians
do have crazy shit. They have like,
they'll wear the grossest, disgusting
sweatpants, and then they'll, this is
in Russia, but then they'll have a 3,500
man purse with them from Gucci.
Was that a Russian that did the tiger thing?
No. Wow. It wasn't a Russian.
Obviously, I don't have any teammates who had big contracts.
I'm trying to think of something I expurged myself on and wasted stupid money on.
Like an Orr hat?
No, that was cheap.
I mean...
Like a trip?
Probably a good trip?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I paid...
Yeah, Vegas, actually.
I paid two grand to see the Stones at the Joint, which is about the size of this living room.
What's the Joint in Vegas?
It's the club at the Hard Rock Cafe, yeah.
I can't remember if that was after I won some money or not.
Was it sick?
Had to be.
Oh, yeah, I did.
When you win money in Vegas, I then literally, I'm like,
what just happened to that?
But it's all free anyways.
I got some fucking nightmare stories about Vegas.
Holy shit.
All right, Grinnelli.
That's another time.
All right, you may have to think about this one, guys,
but Dan Henry asked,
what actor would you get
to play Rear Admiral
in a Lifetime movie?
Oh, it has to be
a Lifetime movie?
Any kind of movie.
I don't know.
Lifetime movie, that's funny
because then you can get
a real shitty actor.
Wow, what actor
would I pick for you?
Well, see, if I still had
my nice head of hair
back when I was early 20s,
Kevin Costner, no-brainer.
Honestly, I'm racking my brain quick.
Maybe the kid who grew up as Chunk from Goonies.
Does he want to get Jimmy Snuka's microphone righty-piper right now?
You should have seen his face.
You should have seen his face.
You want some banana?
It has to be a Boston guy, but Boston guys can't even play
another Boston guy.
No.
I'm Ben Affleck.
You're definitely Ben Affleck.
Or Michael Rapaport, who I look exactly like.
You do look like Rapaport.
But he can't be Boston.
He's too New York.
I would like Ed Harris to play me.
I could see that.
I could see that.
Ed Harris is a hell of an actor too.
The Rock dude,
what a flick.
The late
Mel Farreira,
yeah,
Mel Farreira,
George Clooney's cousin,
he was in Traffic.
He might have been
a good,
because you gotta go bald.
You gotta find the bald guy.
Yeah, you gotta go bald,
but Ed Harris does that.
I almost played
Whitey Bulger
on like a TV documentary.
I was gonna say Johnny Depp speaking of Whitey Bulger on like a TV documentary. I was going to say
Johnny Depp
speaking of Whitey Bulger.
Yeah.
That's who you want?
I would say
Johnny Depp could play him.
If Johnny Depp
could do Bulger
how he did it
I think
I think Rear Admiral
could be Johnny Depp.
It was one of those
casting calls
for like
it was probably
a Discovery documentary
on Whitey
and yeah
I legit went in
with like
they give you a sheet
of lines to read
and I had to go in
And like
Fuck you
Pay me the fucking money
Because you know
I got the bald head
But I didn't
I didn't make the cut
It probably would have been
Awkward around here
If I did
Imagine if you could get
The tape of that
Of that reading
That would be incredible
Yeah
Somebody out there
My storied acting career
Somebody out there
Should I
Should I start an IMD page
Just because I was an extra
On a TV show
A movie
And a documentary You've sent him emails before Like hey man Still waiting to hear back From you IMD page just because I was an extra on a TV show, a movie, and a documentary?
You've sent him emails before like, hey, man, still waiting to hear back from you, IMDb.
I'll tell you what.
I'll do it for you so you don't feel bad about yourself.
Like for your own Wikipedia page.
Are we going to need more?
Yeah.
Caleb Jackson asks, Whit, who are some of your favorite teammates to go out, hit the town with during your career?
Oh, Hamilton.
Oh, man.
So many to list.
Ryan Malone's really fun.
Bugsy.
Really fun guy.
Great nickname.
Army was hilarious.
Bissonette's classic.
Wiz just was in Vegas, by the way. I don't know if people caught his Instagram story.
That looked like it was a hell of a time.
Legend.
Ripping up.
And he's on crutches.
Yeah, but he was a dominant. He was really
dominant. We have to get him back. We'll figure out
how that trip went. A little cross promo. He's on
McAfee's show. Oh, yeah.
Check that out. I think it dropped today. Check that out.
The McAfee podcast for our boy Biz.
Check this podcast out anyways, but
particularly with our boy. So
many guys. Just anyone.
Guys who were just funny was the best part.
Where did Malone get that nickname
bugsy you said his father played the gangster his father played in the nhl before him and then
his father was named after bugs it was a gangster like a 20s 30s gangster like the lucky luciano
like that crazy like all that whatever well gangsters still have nicknames as we saw that
indictment in new york yesterday but, yeah, Bugsy Malone.
My buddy Matt Murley I've mentioned on here before.
We've done a lot of hitting town.
Speaking of mob stuff and hockey.
Biggest mush going.
Former Flyers goalie, Antero Nidimaki.
Nidimaki.
Yeah.
He had those old, I think he was a gangster in Philly, Frank Niddy.
So they used to call him Niddy because his name was Niddy Maki.
He legit had Frank Niddy on his helmet.chi. He legit had Frank Nitti on his helmet.
He had like a real life gangster painted on his helmet.
He might have had a couple of them on there.
That's always fucking hilarious when you get a guy like killed in loan shock for living on your fucking hockey helmet.
Yeah, he's like the idol.
Oh, that's a good stuff.
Who's that guy's dad?
Oh, it's Philly.
Oh, he's a murderer.
No big deal.
But you know what, boys?
I forgot to mention.
I do have to give a congrats to a friend of mine,
listener of the show, Tyler Ferrari.
He won that tournament I was in last weekend for our golf tournament.
Remember?
Took me down or I lost to him in the semifinals.
So he was money, dude.
Congrats to Tyler.
What'd you shoot?
Cash home.
He was three under on 17 when we lost.
We were down three with three to go, so we were in trouble anyways.
But we won 16 to get to 17.
We're like, oh, we get a chance to win this all, get to 18 down one.
And I dead shanked it in front of like 20 people.
My lowest, probably the most embarrassing athletic moment of my career.
Still not the most embarrassing thing by a golfer in the last several days.
Oh, yeah.
Tiger, he's looking good right now.
There was no blood in his system.
He had to have been on like 15 Ambien.
The cocktail he must have had in him with no booze.
Definitely Ambien because that's what happens.
Ambo parties are the greatest.
I never took it.
Oh, dude.
Take it.
One of the few things I haven't tried once.
Take an Ambien and then battle it and watch a movie.
Dude, you'll have the best time in your life.
You'll look at your phone the next day and be like, what the?
I don't even remember sending those texts.
But I'm telling you, it's classic.
You and the wife do.
You guys have a fun night.
Yeah, we have a fun time.
Yeah.
Now, do I hear?
Did I hear this right?
Do people do Ambien and Viagra or is that just like some?
I haven't heard that.
I haven't heard that.
I mean, yeah.
I haven't heard that yet.
I'm sure that's probably a mixture.
That's got to be a cocktail.
Tiger probably had that cocktail going.
Yeah, and say, honey, I'm going to pass out.
Ride me like a hobby horse.
Exactly.
Go right ahead.
Go to town.
Don't worry.
I'm giving you consent before I fall asleep.
Just jump on the old Eiffel Tower there.
Well, I can't wait to see how you guys do down there.
I'm definitely hammering the Preds on game three.
I know that for a fact, and I think that you guys are going to just crush it down there.
I want some stories this week.
By the time, 24 hours after this show drops, we're going to be in Nashville.
We're going to be down there.
Like I said, follow us on, obviously, Twitter.
Instagram is taking off huge.
I'm not a big pictures guy.
That's why.
Instagram's my jump off.
I love it.
It's my favorite app.
Actually, I just downloaded it.
Did you?
I'm going to make you an Instagram.
I was going to talk to you about this.
We've got to make you one because you've got some crazy pictures here.
Yeah.
I just kind of do it off Twitter, but I'm realizing Insta's where all the cool kids are at. And the chicks. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I just, yeah, because I didn't, I just kind of do it off Twitter, but I'm realizing
Insta's like where
all the cool kids are at.
And the chicks.
Yeah.
Oh, that's kind of
a fucking moot point
with me, you know.
Hi, honey.
How you doing?
So, yeah, let's just
like follow us.
I mean, obviously,
Twitter, that's what
we're going to be,
you know, giving out
where we're going to be,
but stay tuned to our
Insta, Facebook.
We're going to be doing
all kinds of content.
We don't have a schedule yet.
You know, me and Grinnell is going to be working on an itinerary. We're going to try to, obviously, it's going to be doing all kinds of content we don't have a schedule yet me and Grinnell's going to be working on an itinerary
we're going to try to
it's obviously going to be a shitload of former and current players there
because people always go to the Cup
plus it's in a potty city
we're going to lasso some things there
we got some things planned we just don't have a schedule
but we're going to have a good time
and bring you a good time from Nashville
so everybody tune in
what else we got nothing?
I'm good boys have. Have fun down there.
Go Preds for right now.
Go Preds.
Go Preds.
Hopefully next time we're talking to you.
Well, shit, actually.
Well, fuck, they'll at least be game five.
Hopefully someone will be up 3-2 and we're having a series anyways, you know?
Series.
A series.
All right, folks.
Thanks for tuning in once again, and we'll be in touch.
Peace out, boys. Thanks for tuning in once again, and we'll be in touch. I've been chasing the big wheels all over Nashville
Waiting for my big break to come
Living on ketchup soup, homemade crackers and Kool-Aid
I'll be a star tomorrow, but today I'm a Nashville bum
I look good in cowboy clothes
And I sang through my nose
Webb said that's the way to get her done
I smoke good OPA
Like the Aubrey stars they say
I'll be a star tomorrow but today
I'm a Nashville bum
