Hey, Spittin' Checklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 332 of Spit and Check.
It's presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on everybody? The playoffs are just about here.
We have no idea when they're starting, when they're kicking off.
The Canadian division might be playing until July, but they're coming.
Playoffs are getting here soon.
We know the matchup's pretty much all set.
We'll get to them shortly.
We've got some other stuff to get to.
I was down in Manhattan for four days last week,
four days of chaos at MSG.
Let's say hi to the gang first,
then we'll get to all the hot stuff.
Grinnelli, that's a nice new bucket on your head right now.
R.A., the week has finally come,
and I'm not talking about the NHL playoffs.
I'm talking about the Spittin' Chicklets and Pink Whitney bucket hats are finally here and i'm not talking about the nhl playoffs i'm talking about
the spitting chiclets and pink whitney bucket hats are finally here i'm wearing it right now
you're wearing it biz ward in the next sandbagger that's dropping these things are great people have
been asking for them for months now so they're dropping thursday and uh half we're happy to put
them on sale right perfect time you hear for them whether you're going to beach a little you know up
the lake the mountains mountains, whatever.
Can't beat a nice beach hat. These things are pretty sharp, too.
Plus, they're a beacon to fellow chicklets listeners when they see it.
Let's go to Biz Nasty out in the desert next. What's up, buddy?
Your schedule's wide open. The Coyotes are done.
Coyotes are toast. Rick Talkett not coming back with the team.
Very sad to hear that. Unbelievable guy. T tried to change the culture here you know unfortunately boys fell offshore but I think based on the lineup the Coyotes had I think he did everything
in his power to try to make the team and organization better he showed up every day to
work and Rick Talkett thank you very much for your contributions to the organization and I there's no
doubt in my mind that you will be uh contacted very soon to get
another job somewhere okay so much oh no i just wanted to i mean come on it's like uh what do you
what do you call those when you put a season arrest for a team they sometimes they do them
eulogy eulogy it was like a little coyote eulogy up the hell i got to get my sad business out of
the way so now we can be more positive because there was tons of positivity in the last week surrounding the NHL.
Right, Whit?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
I don't know if you want to introduce me, but I can introduce myself because he threw it over to me.
So no worries.
Biz, at least the Coyotes have the draft to look forward to.
Oh, wait.
They don't have a first round pick for like 10 years.
You fucking asshole.
Poor fucking team.
You know what? Rick Talker. yeah, he'll land on his feet.
What's going on, guys?
It feels like we haven't chatted.
One of those, you know, feels like a month, but it's only been six, seven days.
I'm glad to be here.
There's a million things we have to get to.
So, R.A., I'll let you lead it off with what we're starting this week's episode with.
Yep.
First off, I just said the playoffs are here.
We don't know when they're going to stop.
But when they do,
you want to stock up by heading over to your local liquor store today
to find a Pink Whitney and the new 375 milliliter Mickey size bottle.
They call them Mickey's up in Canada.
I don't even know what they call them here.
I call them hobo size.
So you want to kick off the pregame, close the after party,
whatever in between, go to your local liquor store
and get the Pink Whitney and the Mickey size.
Check it out.
Yeah. What do we talk about? Nothing really happened since our last episode I could think of. So we could probably wrap this up quick. go to your local liquor store and get the pink whitney and the mickey size check it out uh yeah
what do we talk about nothing really happened since our last episode i could think of so we
could probably wrap this up quick so last week legitimately lowered the value of the franchise
for the new york raiders overnight they had to release a new forbes list and and re-evaluate
what the fuck has happened in the last seven days, folks.
I think it came to you the day that we ended up releasing the last podcast,
right, R.A.? Like two hours after we taped it.
Everyone's like, you guys got to get back.
I was like, we all died in different directions.
No, because the timeline of it is like the New Testament,
so we needed six days to write what the fuck has gone on.
Now, go ahead.
Lead us off, R.A.
All right. We'll kick it off. Monday, Caps, they're looking to solidify first fuck has gone on. Now, go ahead. Lead us off, R.A. All right. We'll kick it off.
Monday. Caps, they're looking
to solidify first place in the division.
Seems like a regular game. Scrum
by the net. Tom Wilson falls
on Pavel Buchnevich. He didn't have to
fall on him. He did. Gives him a little bit of a shot.
Then, you know, there's a scrum
ensuing, and then he's got, I think it's Strom down.
He's throwing a few shots now. Temi Panarin
comes in. Instead of maybe pulling Wilson off and doing something,
he jumps on his back.
Wilson reacts as if someone jumps on his back.
And like I wrote my blog today, he's like a rattlesnake.
You know, if you provoke him, something's going to happen.
And he reacted thusly, slammed Panarin down on the ice.
Next day, everybody thought he was going to get suspended.
He gets a 5,000 fine, not even for the Panarin thing,
but for hitting Bucinevic.
Then the Rangers come out.
I should say, I'll put that in quotes, the Rangers had a statement later.
It turned out basically the owner crying to the league,
and a lot of people agreed with it, but that's not how the NHL operates, Biz.
When teams have supplemental discipline against them or whatever,
every team's going to complain, but you respect the decision.
You respect the process.
You don't fucking name names like that uh and apparently uh gm uh jeff gordon
and president john davidson distance themselves from this whether whoever they told or whether
they told uh owner to the owner to his face anyways they get fired fucking wednesday afternoon
it was like are you kidding me these two guys who have been having a great year for the franchise
all of a sudden they're fired.
He promotes Chris Drury.
Now we're hearing Mark Messi on New York radio out of the blue.
Haven't heard Messi say a word in 10 years.
Now he's thrown his name in for a job.
And then, of course, Wednesday night, the fireworks right off the hop,
three fights right off the initial faceoff, three more,
and I think the next four minutes, just absolute mayhem all over the ice.
Now, I think going into that game,
and you can agree, disagree, whatever,
I think the Rangers, like, their manhood was on the line
because of what their owner did, the way things had reacted.
And I think the Capitals sort of obliged them.
I think the Capitals knew that their owner put them in a shitty spot,
and they're like, yeah, we're going to give these guys a fight here
and kind of let them redeem themselves a bit.
Well, first of of all unbelievable breakdown up
until this point I thought the Rangers handled it handled it well in the midst of the situation
like even Panarin was jumping on Wilson's back because he was there to defend teammates so I had
I had no problem with what that what went down on the ice and then now the quotes I believe from
Quinn was he had no idea that that was discussed in the locker room beforehand. Now that could be him saving himself a fine.
I don't know what the conversation was exactly with,
because like you can't basically, you can't push the guys to fight.
Cause I think that the league will hammer Quinn if that's the case,
but regardless, they answered the bell appropriately.
The rest of the game ensued.
And I mean, just going going going back to the incident
itself now people people were confused as to why Wilson needed to come in on Bucinavich when it
wasn't even his guy but the way I saw it and and keep in mind like Wilson and and me were probably
wired in the same way when we're on the ice there's a certain barrier we like to basically
protect our goalie to a certain degree when Bucinavich fell down and there was like a bit of a scrum.
And then when a goalie ended up freezing it, I don't know,
it was probably just reactionary. And I'm not saying he did it on purpose,
but when you look from the overhead,
where did you see him kick out his leg and hit the goalies pad?
Yup. So yeah. So, so Wilson sees that. And right away, he away he's like well you just kicked my goalie
I know it was instinctive but I'm gonna give you a shot now people said he gave him a shot in the
head well that same overhead angle shows him he kind of just shoves him in the shoulder down like
I mean guys like I mean if you're a person who like I guess like has never played any type of
contact sport yeah if you if you go to the grocery store you're
probably not going to get shoved in the back like that but that's just like shit that happens
50 fucking times a game like right so i think that i respected stroman reacting where he ended
up jumping on wilson to defend buchnevich who was down then melee ensues then panarin jumps on his
back and where where the line where they think the line
was crossed was the fact that well one it's Panarin his helmet was off and then he slammed
him to the ice viciously where well yeah the video I'm seeing online that's been slowed down to where
the the the the act of him being thrown to ice is is spread out over across 20 seconds well yes it does not look great but that doesn't tell
nearly the entire story and people were saying he pulled his hair well he still had his gloves on
his hand was by his hair i don't think he pulled his hair and when he slammed down yeah it looked
a little bit it looked violent but fuck he jumped on his back it's a scrum he weighs probably 100 pounds more than i mean he's a mutant and even after panarin had gotten up after he'd been slammed i think he
went back after wilson and after it was all said and done they they panned up with the camera to
panarin and he was kind of smiling being like fucking rights like he was loving it so i and
then twitter just took on a mind of its own and a lot of check marks went
crazy and i think it's absolutely fucked up i will say this based on the reaction of it all
i was like well i'll tell you what if i was in charge just based to shut everyone the fuck up
i might have given him a game and it also kind of neutralizes the following game where maybe like it
won't go banana lance but i tell you what i I commend George Peros for sticking his guns because that was a regular scrum.
Yeah, it had a situation that might have gone a little bit out of control.
I think Panarin's just as much to blame as Wilson is for going spider monkey, right?
He went full spider monkey on his back.
And, and yeah, and to the flex in the box i mean listen from a purely
entertainment standpoint buddy this was the biggest bang for your buck moment of the entire season
that picture of him flexing in the box ignited an absolute fire that's probably what made uh
dolan go cuckoo well he's been cuckoo for a long time that guy's a moron but
biz and ra you guys i mean i don't really know where to go because you just described everything
pretty well now i'll say this when you say twitter went crazy biz yeah it was going nuts i sent out
a tweet i said uh just a reminder that any gm in the league would take tom wilson fact facts only
on my twitter page and people were going bananas on me. So I released a little video in which I was kind of just being myself.
I'll give my own take on the people crying to me online.
So why don't you just play that video, Mikey?
Tom Wilson, Jimmy.
Kicked out of hockey.
You're an idiot.
Win.
Bad take. this ain't it
now seriously i want to kind of like agree with a lot of the things you said biz but when i did
that video and then i looked at it and then i looked at like the play and how violent it was
and panarin and how bad it could have been.
Like there's times I just regret.
I didn't say stuff on Twitter.
Are you kidding me?
These people and they're whining and they're crying,
dude.
Give them,
give them a game. I don't even care. That was the smartest thing you say. Give them a game.
I don't even care, Biz.
That was the smartest thing you said.
That wouldn't have shut them up.
That wouldn't have shut them up.
But these people are yelling, kick them out of the game of hockey.
Boot them from the league.
And I forgot to say the one thing that's my favorite when people write back,
there's time to delete this, man.
Shut up.
I ain't deleting anything.
We can get to the Washington Capitals deleting a tweet
though in a minute that entire play you can describe in a million different ways but I'll
say it like this big ups to Panarin because that guy was defending a teammate they're your brothers
out there they're who you care for and Panarin saw a buddy getting beat on in Butch Nevitz and
he went in well welcome to the to the Terror Dome, bud.
And you could say that Wilson should understand and see that it's Artemi Panarin
and he's so much bigger, and those are all, like, valid arguments,
but he doesn't give a shit.
And this is a violent game, and this has always been a violent game,
and it was the most probably watched and talked about moment of the season,
including the next game and how anticipated that was.
So how good is that for the league?
So all you babies out there,
all you fans who want to get rid of the high hitting and want to get rid of
the fighting and every single hit should be suspendable.
And every little thing that happens behind the play,
the guy should be kicked out of the game of hockey.
You're losing this, this,
you're losing this this you're losing this
argument because if you talk to every ex-player what do they say they're like uh i don't know man
yeah that could have really been bad and i actually saw it and right away i was like thank god dude he
is okay because it could have been bad but it wasn't and you don't suspend people for could
have should have would has right you don't suspend people on what could have happened
and panarin was fine and he jumped on him and when you jump on a fucking enraged human being in the middle of
playing a violent sport what the fuck do you think's gonna happen and rangers fans going crazy
most of those rangers fans maybe a little older ra are probably giants fans do you think they
thought lawrence taylor was a fucking menace to society which he
actually was in real life or do you think they looked at him like a hero and a man who won them
two Super Bowls back in the fucking 90s while being a complete lunatic on the field injuring
people every other game they're hypocrites it's a violent game I've said before hockey is rock and
roll it ain't jazz and and I'm sorry like i saw some arguments i saw
hockey night in canada which had a great first period intermission they had a great first period
intermission ron mclean kelly rudy jen botterill and biecka biecka can never say his name right
they were basically all telling him he was wrong dude he played in the nhl and fought tom wilson
yeah like i understand people's opinions on where the game needs to go and they're you know people are saying like well the game's changing
the game's changing well is it though it's changing a little bit but they're still fighting
aloud you're still seeing that plays like this are not being completely like um what's the word
i'm looking for over dramatized by george George Paros. Is that even a word?
Overdramaticized?
You know what I'm trying to say?
It is now. Put on a t-shirt with business fucking illuminated.
I just like, I don't get,
I don't get where people come from in looking at plays that are so normal
and happen all the time and saying that it should lead to somebody
being kicked out of a game of hockey yeah he's had suspensions in the past this one dude i don't
know what you want me to say but it was not that bad and if he'd gone over and sucker punched
panarin dude give him fucking life i don't care he jumped on his back you're gonna you got the
people who want tom wilson shot into a cannon into space you're
gonna get your day if he plays the way he plays on that line you're gonna get your day do something
the problem was the problem was you got yourself so worked up you thought the hammer was coming down
and it didn't and then you guys lost your minds and you kicked and screamed and you complained
and you talk about that panel where it's like, listen, you have to, you have to remember
that a lot of them are pandering to an audience now because a lot of them are dialed in online.
Now, even when I first retired, stepping into this job, you always want to open your perspective
up and try to listen to different opinions and agree to disagree on certain things, right?
You want to have an open perspective, but same thing with wit like i i i i read through it then i go consult guys who are hall of famers who had over
a thousand points so not the donkeys not the knuckle draggers not the people that you're
going to be able to be like oh of course you agree with that they all hate they just like yeah
throw whatever mud you want at me but i i i talked to the people that did it to the level
of where you fucking you like you know more they've they've forgotten more about hockey than
you'll know in your lifetime they're like this is a big nothing burger these people online are just
fucking barking into the abyss and the department of player safety shoved it right up their hoop. Good job, George.
Atta boy.
Biz.
What?
You know the Vegas Golden Knights?
They're pretty good.
I think they're in our division, actually.
They're in your division.
Yeah, solid team.
Decent.
Decent.
I don't know if you saw this past week.
They played in Minnesota.
And there was a bunch of chirping.
And there was a bunch of fighting. and there was an old melee going down.
Let me get the lube.
Do you know the guy Mark Stone we had on the show once?
I've heard of him.
Do you know what he said involving Ryan Reeves
and Reeves actually not being in the lineup because he's injured right now?
What did he say?
Well, he said, you know what, it'd be nice to have Revo in the lineup.
I think they'll feel a little different when Big 75's out there.
I don't think they'll be as much chirping.
Rangers fans, do you know your team?
Do you know who they decided to make your team with?
They decided to go with speed and skill,
and they have nobody to do anything.
So Tom Wilson's out there.
Who is going to do one thing to him on the New York Rangers?
They traded the one guy that could.
Brandon Lemieux, they traded him.
Yeah, and
here's the thing.
Obviously,
an alpha fucking dog, whether he's an idiot
or not, and whether he has had ridiculously
dirty hits in his past or not,
an alpha on the ice is going to
take advantage of whatever he got. He's going to hunt. And he's out there, and he's smashing their best not, an alpha on the ice is going to take advantage of whatever he got.
He's going to hunt.
And he's out there and he's smashing their best players fucking head off
the ice nearly.
And he doesn't care because no one's going to do anything.
Dude, play Vegas.
He didn't want to go Revo.
He doesn't want to go Matt Martin.
So you can chirp him and you could say all these things about him,
but you know who love him?
All of his teammates,
you stupid fucking idiots at home who think that every single physical
player should be kicked out of the nhl out in the space the game the game polices the game right the
guy the guys that are on the ice are able to still even in this day and age protect each other in
ways that really the league can't the nba there's a fight security guards are sprinting on the court
in the nhl they're they're still guys that are looking at somebody who did something dirty to really the league can't. The NBA, there's a fight. Security guards are sprinting on the court. In the
NHL, there's still guys that are looking at somebody who did something dirty to one of their
best players, and they're saying, I'm getting you later. And that makes people sick. That act of
violence makes certain people so disgusted. Well, hockey isn't for you. And some of the things that
have changed, we've talked about a million times, are great for the game. It's like, yeah, I mean, those premeditated fights, Biz,
you had a lot of them, and you see what players have gone through.
That is awful.
Players now, they know what they signed up for.
Players then knew what they signed up for.
They wouldn't change a thing.
I'm sorry.
I know you hate to hear this.
Guys play in the NHL.
It's a dream come true, and they know exactly what they're getting into
so we can listen to the people online or we cannot but george peros well and he's got a job
for life now by the way to be named like that and that fucking statement he's set for he ain't going
anywhere yeah i just uh remember like that's the the what is it the vocal minority yeah online again like that's like that's
not hockey fans that's not that's not that does not speak for the game the the well one the views
do and we saw how those went on fucking wednesday and probably the most watched game and most talked
about game all year long uh and on the in the second note it's like most people aren't going
on there to complain about that they They're just watching and enjoying it.
So we'll leave it at that.
Are we going to talk about the Dolan stuff?
Yeah, no, we got a lot more to get to.
I just want to follow up.
But, you know, it's like what's it's the NHL.
This isn't mites like this is the same standard you expect,
like little kids to play or high school kids or even college kids.
It's the it's the pre-male league on the planet.
And things are going to get rough and tough and edgy.
And that's the standard that the guys in the union wanted at and everybody
else complains about it and then in the fucking union and yes uh what lt was a bad motherfucker
too yeah you brought him up uh you you mentioned uh the cap the capitals they posted that tweet
i don't even understand half the fucking memes that are on the social media these days but um
basically was saying
wilson's in these guys heads and they chose violence and i mean it got it got taken down
as quick as it went up but it's kind of funny because in the long run after the week played
out they were basically right the whole time wilson wasn't everybody's heads he didn't get
suspended um what else here we got oh i think i was i was i was sending out uh why did you
what why did they delete that tweet all right oh because people were fucking crying and complaining I was sending out on Twitter. I said, what?
Why did they delete that tweet, R.A.?
Oh, because people were fucking crying and complaining.
I know, but fuck.
Like, oh, my God.
If you just left that up, who cares?
I was chirping the Twitter guy.
I said, you should have to go out there and answer the bell against New York.
They should have put him on the taxi squad for a day to get some practice
and then called them up to have them
answer the fucking bell. That would have been
at least to have them warm
up. Oh my god.
When it said Capitals choose
violence, that would have a
fucking Twitter meme. I don't even understand half of them
anymore. But basically, probably because they had the word violence in it
with a picture of Willie. Okay, maybe violence.
Yeah, but they should have left it up still fucking all these people i will say though
i'm okay with people hating tom wilson's guts we need some yeah it's great for the league he's a
bond for the league he's a bond villain for the nh oh he is a villain now is he he's gonna do he's
gonna hit somebody in the playoffs and it's going to be amazing to sit back and watch. Hey, we should do a content piece where he skates half the length of the ice
and just hammers me.
I have to stand straight up.
Elbow right to the nose.
He could torpedo, too.
It's like doing the spins in fucking foosball.
Just fucking torpedo launch right into my face.
Yeah, biz.
That's my pink Whitney.
If I was Dolan, man rangers fans are probably like fuck he
remembers he owns the team now because basically he had been away from that team i think there
were probably some rangers fans didn't even realize he owned them in addition to the knicks
and now it's like oh shit they're on their radar and obviously the knicks are good though so now
he's gonna mess up the the rangers yeah they're having a good year but they still haven't done
shit since i think what 73 was the last title they won, I believe. But yeah, it's basically, if I'm a Rangers fan,
it's like, shit, Dolan's aware of us. But at the same time, after all this shit went on,
and by the way, I didn't even get to the fine, the Rangers, they got fined 250,000 for the
statement, which is basically car console money for Dolan. I don't think he gave a shit. Gary
Bettman said, public comments of the nature issued by the Rangers that were personal in nature
and demeaning of a league executive will not be tolerated.
While we don't expect our clubs to agree with every decision rendered by the Department of Player Safety, the extent to which the Rangers, i.e. Dolan, expressed their disagreement was unacceptable.
And ironically, Pavel Butchnevich was suspended a game for cross-checking math.
That was the dirtiest play in the world.
I thought he was going to get more than a game for that.
cross-checking man that that was the dirtiest play in the world he should have i thought he's gonna get more than a game for that and he i'll be honest with you not to pile on the ranges but
he probably got away with one during the monday night game because when he jumped in the scrum
he inadvertently headbutted one of the linesmen with his helmet man i mean even if you make
contact with an official not on purpose sometimes you get fucking but let's say this it all evens
out in the wash let's fucking call it a draw right it's like he fucking went what do you go cross check first hold on hold on the capitals beat the shit out of them they won both games their gm and president
got fired and then one of their best players gets suspended this was not a wash this was the biggest
drumming in the history of one organization to another in a one-week span. I'll say this, though.
Chris Drury, he's going to change things.
Chris Drury has been probably one of the most, if not the most,
sought-after GM in the league over the past couple years,
and he's turned down interviews with people,
and he's just blatantly pretty much made it clear he wanted to wait
and be in New York and take over that team,
and there's no one better for the job. I've known him for a long time he's as dialed in as they come he's
smart he knows what it's take to to win he's won everywhere and so in a sense yeah the the Rangers
lose Davidson and Gorton but this is a good move for them I yeah I mean Davidson and Gorton got the
fucking shaft oh yeah Gordon been there like 15 years, I think.
What they've done in the last couple of years
in order to change it from where it was to now,
like, guys, remember,
we've been talking about one team all year long,
Buffalo Sabres.
It's not necessarily that easy to just reload.
And listen, I think that they're a very solid team
that's missing a few pieces
and if lafreniere and and and capo caco pop is that you say it capo caco i hammered that nice
i think i think he might like stink but i think lafreniere is coming around anyway regardless
oh he's nice the um the one aspect that we we can't forget in the bright spot and all this g
you actually tweeted it out.
You're like, what could bring everybody together
and put a nice big bow on this of happiness was a TJ Oshie hat trick.
I think he had two at that point.
That was obviously a very special moment.
And Ari, I don't know if you have anything written down about it,
but this was his first game back after his father passed.
And I would imagine an extremely difficult thing to do to
put the gear back on that soon and obviously after he put the hat trick in he kind of lost it and his
teammates uh Backstrom came up and a post-game quote he was saying he just looked like he needed
a hug so a very very very cool moment uh in the NHL this year that can't be forgotten and all this. Yeah. His dad, Tim, of course they, he died.
He came out a few months back said he, I think it was Alzheimer's slash
dementia. I know that pretty much the same thing.
He had been suffering from for a while, suffering from it for a while.
And he did pass away. TJ put the tweet out and then yeah,
for the hat trick and then to see him on the bench,
we've had a lot of very emotional moments in the game,
particularly the last month, but especially the last week. And that was that was yeah i don't want to call it off i don't
know if what i can't talk don't know if i want to call it a bright spot given the way it transpired
but it was a little bit of a yang to all the the negative yin with all the violence so it was it
was a nice moment to see uh yeah they they called them coach too i had the chance to meet him once
but i played with taylor troney who's really tight with Ocean said this guy was the man just like the best best person he's always
around coached him forever and so the feelings that anyone who's who's played or any sport and
what your dad or mom's done for you to see him get the hat trick and then just get that emotional
that was a legit tearjerker I was really feeling for him. But happy to see that game go that well for him.
And that guy will be remembered forever by people who knew him
because I've heard about him from many different
There's plenty of stories.
I think they were written about this situation
and when he'd won the Stanley Cup,
there was a couple of cool stories floating around online.
Great pictures too, I think.
Yeah.
So if you guys get a chance, if you can go dig those up there's some some really cool stories behind it all so yeah an adventure some week down
manhattan yeah like with the ironic part is the rangers might even be in a better spot because
they got drury in position now and they're probably paying them a lot cheaper than they
were before so i mean it sucked to go get embarrassed a little bit as a franchise but
they come out the other side smelling okay.
Billionaire?
Hey, billionaires are like, they don't give a shit.
No.
This is like this is this fantasy hockey team.
That's what it's like.
That's like you log into your Yahoo account and just like, oh, yeah,
what's all this online drama?
Okay, I'll ask the GM and president.
Franchise mode.
All right.
One other note before we move along.
The Rangers extended defenseman Ryan Lindgren to a 3 million deal,
3 million average annual value.
And this is actually the perfect segue to let you know who our guest is going
to be in a little bit.
All-time scrapper, former Ranger, former Canadian, former Boston Bruin,
Chris Knuckles Nyland is going to be joining us in a little while.
Fantastic interview.
I'm not going to say more than that.
It's awesome.
You guys are going to love it.
We're going to get to that first.
But, boys, I know we're going to be celebrating with Pink Whitney,
but you want to be prepped for it.
DHM Detox.
A little tag team ad read because this thing came in and it's like,
this has got to be at least.
We'd be here until the second round starts if i didn't help
you with this the hockey gods have graced us with the nhl playoffs and that means means meaningful
hockey games every night you might be knocking back a couple beers or sipping on the birdie juice
so you need to be ready to conquer your next morning and make it work without feeling useless
dhm detox has got your back
it's your ultimate drinking buddy and is the vitamin for when you drink and celebrate
no more feeling like a bag of bricks the next day after booze and wit dhm detox is here to help with
liver support help break down toxins and get you feeling fresh the next morning it's also perfect
for bachelor parties or just some good old day drink.
And everyone loves that.
Yeah.
Time is your most valuable asset wit.
So why waste another day for just a few dollars per night?
You can be prepared for all of life's moments.
The team at no days wasted is here to help you and,
and be your best and get back to doing what you love after a night of
drinks.
Wit. So you just take two capsules, biz know open them up take two and after your first few drinks they start going
to work double up with another packet if you're having one of those big nights you know what i'm
saying a biz in vegas night dhm detox is part of our drinking routine as well as thousands of
chiclets listeners so there's millions of people maybe routine, as well as thousands of Chiclets listeners. So there's millions of people,
maybe not millions, that said thousands,
thousands of people driving around the roads right now
listening to us talk nonsense that love DHM Detox.
The packets are easy to share with friends and family.
They've got their recovery bundles
with DHM Detox and Hydration Replenisher,
an electrolyte drink mix that helps you hydrate
and helps boost your immune
system with vitamin c d and zinc check out the bundles for the ultimate recovery experience and
never miss a beat so you can hit the early morning meeting work out or just feel human the next day
after a few drinks with dhm detox is also 100 risk-free purchase on your first box.
So if you don't love it, it's free. If you wake up still hung over,
which won't happen, it's free. They'll refund you. This is a no brainer.
So at the very least, give it a shot. And if you don't like it,
you get your money back.
Yeah. We're going to hit you guys with a promo code.
Just head over to no days wasted.co and use promo code biz 20 for 20 off that's
no days wasted dot co for no days wasted after drinking with biz 20 i think you listening to
me reading like i mean that was phenomenal by you i hate to give myself the credit for your
good reading but great job you just needed a reading buddy.
Yeah, he just needed someone there holding his hand.
All right, boys, let's move it right
along. We kind of skipped from the division to division
stuff we've been doing because, I don't know, some divisions
are more exciting than others.
And the players have been exciting. Us this
week, in addition to some coaching moves, but first,
Connor McDavid, absolute
spectacle he's been. He's got 100
points in just 53 games.
The seventh player in NHL history to post four-plus career 100-point seasons
before the age of 25.
Gretzky, Howichuk, Lemieux, Trotche, Ovechkin, Crosby.
He had 69 points through 42 games.
He got 31 in the next 11.
I mean, we've been beating you guys over the head with stats
for like the last month.
I think as entertaining as it is, we still want to see it in the playoffs.
Yeah, and of course there's people like, oh, he's only in the North Division.
If you think he wouldn't be doing this in other divisions, you're insane.
I'm sorry.
Because this was some of the best hockey I've ever seen played in my life.
The final 11 games or whatever it's been, the 31 points.
I mean, that is a joke.
I read this one tweet.
It was on NHL Network, but the guy who sent it, Rob Pizzo.
Connor McDavid's scoring race lead sits at 21 points with three games to go.
Only six players have ever won by 20 or more points.
Gretzky did it eight times.
Espo did it twice. Espo did it twice.
Howe did it twice.
Jager did it once.
And Lemieux did it once along with Orr one time.
Not bad company.
Bonus.
Gretzky won his 10 titles by an average margin of 52 points.
So that kind of shows how ridiculous that guy is.
But another Edmonton legend, Connor McDavid.
I also read like people are like, oh, man, he just, you know, he doesn't he doesn't have much pizzazz in the interviews.
You know, he seems to just downplay it so much.
It's annoying.
I wish he gave more.
It's like this is who he is, man.
It's the Crosby playbook.
It's about the team.
And every time he was asked about it, he would talk about other guys.
Dreitzadl, who's, you know, the 500 500 points already and Darnell Nurse in the season he's had and
I mean sorry you can't get everything you want the best player in the world isn't also going to
be joking and laughing around every interview he's a focused driven animal of an athlete who
is above everyone else's game by leaps and bounds so being in the north
division i i don't really care i don't because what i watched this year was every single morning
if you couldn't stay up for the late game is highlight real goals or assists it was one of
the coolest things i've ever seen and before the year started somebody said imagine if mcdavid got
100 people were reading i'm sure some people called it. I didn't think that was possible.
I know how good he is, but averaging about two points per game,
that is heady shit.
Did you see for the stretch,
he had his contractor's name written on his knob there?
That's who made this happen.
The North Division team should blame that guy who started building a staircase wrong
and wouldn't give him his money back.
He mentioned him in the press conference.
Thank the D-men for just leaving it behind. It was like Jordan.
It's like Jordan's Hall of Fame speech.
Thanks to all the D-men for just leaving
it there on the breakout.
Whitney
says that's what you people want. A little
bit more cocky, McDavid. That would be
fun. You know, I
mentioned how I said that he's this generation's
Gretzky and everyone's, oh, he hasn't won
yet. It's like, that's not what I'm saying.
It's like, he's the greatest player that we watched,
well, I watched in my era as much as we could.
That's what people get now.
That was the only comparison.
Everyone's like, oh, he hasn't won shit yet.
It's like, there's no fucking room for nuance on Twitter, man.
It's like, you have to beat people over the head
with fucking words like fucking bricks.
But anyways, a hell of an accomplishment.
We wanted to acknowledge that. But moving along to Columbusumbus no surprise here john tortorella is all done
uh as the team and the coach mutually agreed to part ways i mean this contract was up so i don't
know if mutually agreed it's just something they say they mutually agree to say so it doesn't look
like he got fired he left the team either way uh tortorella coached more games and had more wins
and had the highest points percentage of any coach in franchise history.
What was pretty cool in his last game was Dan Singleton as the video coach.
He let him call the final pairs of D in the final game.
Just something that, you know, they don't usually let guys do.
I thought that was a real nice gesture he did.
You know, the Blue Jackets still only have one series win in team history.
They did get the four straight playoffs before this year,
and they only had two before Tortorella.
So this guy accomplished a lot.
I think he did install a culture.
The fact that guys didn't stay, I don't think he had much to do with that.
The team we talked about last week plays hardball with a lot of guys.
So Torts is gone.
No shocker.
Biz, what do you got on that?
Well, I thought the most interesting cap on it all,
it's like obviously
the players loved them it seems like that's been the the word coming out of there um despite how
hard he is on some guys like that like the core group the majority of that team loves him so now
that he's leaving i uh seth jones said you know we're going to be the core group of guys have met
and i i think they even met with Jarmo already.
And he even said he's going to take some time to think about things
because it's kind of like, you know, what's the identity of the team now?
What coach is going to step in?
They also asked about Laine.
You know, he kind of stayed neutral on that as far as Jarmo's concerned.
So, I mean, hell of a run there
obviously extremely well respected and uh i don't know i do you think he's done with do you think
he's done coaching he says he's he says he's not well i shouldn't say he's not he wants to continue
to coach that's clear uh people have you start hearing buffalo like he was an assistant coach
there i think early 90s hiring torts is it's an interesting decision.
Whoever does it, if it does happen, because historically you're going to get
results and yeah, there's going to be times when it's like guys are sick of
them.
And we've chatted about this millions of different occasions on which how he
can get really tired of his act, but GMs,
they got to also realize like it's the torch show and media go with the
interviews and they want to get a quote and he's willing to give them a quote and he scratches
stars but he gets guys to play hard and he always has so I think he will coach again um Columbus is
just such a it's it's such an odd scenario because they finally had a little playoff success nobody
wants to play there all these guys keep
leaving now you got Seth Jones one year and then he's UFA so July 1st they could start trying to
re-sign him it's like if you lose him too I know that's what I'm thinking you think Wierenski's
gonna come back yeah and then like everyone says oh and it's true they they have they got three
first rounders this summer but it's like if these guys
hit do they want to stay something needs to happen where for some reason guys want to sign their ufa
deals there and it hasn't and so and and with like just to hop in quickly like remember like
wierenski at the time probably wanted a nice comfortable deal and then they they nickel and
dime them and what was it what were the? I think Tort said something basically like,
well, I better sign or something.
And then the next day he signed two years at five a year.
So it's like, I think this sticks in the back of these guys' mind
where we talk about these hardball negotiations for contracts.
It's like, listen, man, when you got the pieces, lock them in there.
Because the minute they have a chance to leave, it seems they're doing it.
Yeah.
Yep. I like that. Yeah. Yep.
I like that.
Yeah.
Go ahead, Wade.
I got to just  you got to shut out their fan base, though,
because it's gotten pretty legit.
They love that team.
It's just where do they go from here?
Who do they end up hiring?
And can they convince guys to stay?
This whole thing can change if Seth Jones signs a monster deal.
Give him eight years, 100 million.
I don't care.
What's that, 12 a year?
How's my math on that?
Not right.
What's that?
A little 12 and change, I think.
Yeah, so, right?
And to go back to the team's big success
when they ended up knocking off Tampa Bay,
like, at the end of the day, a small market team,
they got their group of guys to buy in,
and, you know, the fans got to enjoy that.
I'm sure that's a pretty cool memory for a lot of those guys
that were in that locker room that achieved that.
So it's all now, the majority of those guys are going to be gone.
So hopefully they can rebuild soon enough.
Yeah, Columbus, they were in the thick of it on March 20th, 13, 12, and 7,
and then they won just two of their next 18 games.
Pretty much piss away any chance of the playoffs.
And yeah, Tortorella went, according to Elliott Friedman,
he's going to be 63 in June, but he's not retiring.
He still wants to coach.
So see what happens there.
And Seth Jones, he did say the leadership group was going to sit down
with Yamo, be there to talk about the whole situation in the room, whatever.
And as far as his personal situation, Jones said, quote, that very very well could be here so i don't think he's ruling anything out he's still
got another year left after this well this season just ended for him but he's got one more year
before he goes unrestricted yeah i hope i didn't uh come off as if saying like to be like hyperbolic
about as if he's saying he wants to get out of there i thought he said he was going to take a
step back and just like kind of digest everything as to like what he's seeing in the future of the team.
And like when you're, when you're a big piece guys, like, and,
and the thing about the hockey culture too, is like,
I think there's this element to like guys want to win the cup.
They want one. And I think that they'd much rather leave,
especially a guy like Seth Jones.
I don't think he cares if he leaves five or maybe 10 million over a long deal.
If he could be somewhere where he's winning and he's happy and has a chance at the greatest prize.
Right, Witt?
Is that a fair statement with most guys?
I mean, some guys don't think like that, but I would say majority of guys do to a certain degree.
Hockey has that type of.
Yeah, I mean, you see UFAs that can sign with anyone, sign with really good teams because they'll leave some money on the table.
They'll go chase one.
And I think that's the same in every sport.
But I know what you're saying in terms of hockey.
I just think if they can get him locked up, it's a game changer for that entire organization.
Yeah.
Basically immortality or an extra two sheets a year.
It's,
you know,
whatever you're comfortable with,
I suppose.
One other note from Columbus,
goalie Elvis Merzlikens,
alumni of the show.
He had a little routine.
He used to do it.
Nick Foligno,
where they would kind of jump up and do that,
you know,
jump and bump thing that you see in sports.
Of course,
Nick Foligno got traded to Toronto. So Elvis did it by himself. He just kind of jump up and do that you know jump and bump thing that you see in sports um of course nick felino got traded to toronto so elvis did it by himself he just kind
of jumped into the imaginary moment the rangers should have done that with their week just to
jump up to nobody but i thought i had a nice little a nice little ending uh a little girl
named jocelyn came and came to the next game and had a sign that said hey elvis i'm available for
post-game hugs and he came over and he kind of jumped up and hugged the glass for it.
And I don't know if you guys saw the picture.
It was just the sweetest little picture, you know,
the gesture that he made too.
And stuff like that goes such a long way with fans.
So, you know, it was sad to see him do the solo jump, but it was nice.
He got to kind of have a little reciprocation from a young fan.
So sweet picture.
Yeah.
Because you already mentioned Tarkin's not going to be back after four years
in Arizona.
Another team that had a rough, rough going down the stretch. They lost 12 of the last 15 and you know like you said we've
got to imagine he's going to end up somewhere what did you want to add anything on to uh talk
it not towards uh no i just wanted to add that goal by garland was one of the nastiest goals
nasty i didn't realize right away seeing it i thought he just cut in front and talked to i was
like wait a minute wait a minute what once you see the replay he flipped it up to himself on his backhand the
perfect height and the perfect space and knocked it in on a midair going full tilt taking a d-man
wide yeah he saw who knows what would happen if he if he didn't get hurt um he yeah he sawed it to
his backhand and battled it out of the air yeah Yeah, it was actually pretty filthy. How about Carlson to Phil?
Oh, yeah, that was like a Datsuk.
That was a Datsuk, put Couture in a blender-type moment.
Yeah, you got him with the, whoa, dropped the shorts.
So regarding talk, just, I mean, rumblings online
and potentially Seattle.
I've also heard rumblings that Francis is trying to get Brindamore over there and they're offering him like a pretty pretty hefty deal
but I'm assuming Carolina is going to try and lock him up now the owner in Carolina is a little
bit cheap I don't imagine in this situation he will be because that's kind of like a cornerstone to like, to, to, to run in the team,
maybe just as much as a GM, but Ron Francis is, you know,
to credit for a lot of the work that's been done there,
as far as the players they have in their lineup,
like he knows how to build a team and you'd imagine he'd want to do it with
his guy, Rob Brindamore. And I, you know,
if he doesn't end up going over there, I could see talk landing in Seattle,
him and Francis.
I think they want to cup together in Pittsburgh. Didn't they?
A couple.
No. And Carolina,
the 2006 is where Rindemore and Francis wanted to. Yeah.
I'm sorry. No, but they both, well, they both did. All right.
They both did. No worries. Yeah. I think they win a cup together.
Yeah. And talk to talk or they play, at least they played together. I know that. Yeah. They both did. No worries. Did they win a cup together? Yeah. To talk?
Or at least they played together. I know that.
Yeah, I'd have to double check.
I forget the dates of all those trades.
I'm not sure what the connective tissue was. So there's a lot of connections there, and I'm not trying to start rumors.
I'm just saying it makes a lot of sense.
Like, Talkett's a very experienced coach.
I just think the Coyotes are very young,
and I don't think that they have the pieces in order to compete.
So it's  I don't know. I don't know what was the conversation behind the scenes but uh you know i as i said
earlier at the start of the show i think he's moving on to bigger and better things together
because you're right they did in pittsburgh okay okay uh carolina letting brinda more and all those
people walked out i mean it would basically be rebooting their franchise that would be a terrible
move i think just spend the fucking money keep Keep that. Yeah, but what if Seattle offers them the
fucking bag? What if they get like... I thought, did we talk about
this last week or no? I don't know.
Not Seattle specifically, just about
Brindamore. Oh yeah, because you guys laughed at me
when I said he didn't make that much money.
Brindamore didn't make more than 600,000
until 1993.
Yeah, but he made 50 million in his
career. That has nothing to do with it.
Right. I wasn't arguing in his career. That has nothing to do with it. Right.
I wasn't arguing in his career.
I was saying early in his career, he didn't get paid shit.
I was never saying he didn't get paid for the- I thought you said that-
Oh, I thought it was that he was going to want money coaching
because he didn't make a lot playing.
Not necessarily that he didn't make a lot playing.
He wasn't asking for money coaching because he didn't get paid as a player.
I'm saying he didn't make as much as a player as people think.
He didn't make 600K until
five, six, if not ten years into his
career. That's all. Someone tagged me in
the tweet, basically backing me up.
I got to fucking use it.
Take a sip of that beer.
Take a sip of that beer right now.
Tommy sticks with yourself.
All right, boys. Bouncing around the league here.
This is a great story we actually
kind of teased before the end of our last episode,
an old teammate of both you guys, Michael Hauser.
He got his first NHL start at 28 years old.
He hadn't played in a game since March. He had one AHL,
AHL start a couple of years back.
He goes out and he gets a win in his first NHL game. Just again,
the biggest story of the year up until the Rangers and uh fucking Capitals
kerfuffle last week but biz you caught the game what were you going through man you play with
this guy just an awesome story yeah man Doogie's kicking and then there was a there was a gif going
around online of him doing the splits I think you ended up sending it back out Grinelli and this guy
hey he looks comfortable in there he's living in the moment i shot him a text and
congratulated him i said we'd love to get you on the podcast and he's like he's like absolutely
he goes let me just dial it into the end of the season and i'm like fucking right what a pro
what a pro but he's he's he's like hey man between playing and putting in my gambling
picks i just got no time right now and i'm actually hedging my bet and gambling on myself.
He's probably putting the NHL
paychecks on himself right now.
I can't wait to talk to him.
It's been such a cool story.
Yeah, he won the first. He beat the Islanders
first outright, then he beat them in a shootout.
Then he kind of fell back to earth a little bit,
got hung out to dry for eight versus
Pittsburgh, then bounced back, gave up one goal to Pittsburgh.
His next game he did lose, but he's 2-2 so far.
Regardless of what his record is, it's just a great story.
Like you said, we talk about his childhood and 14 surgeries, I think,
on his feet before he was two years old.
And, you know, just such a positive spirit.
Just a great story.
But then conversely, we have the other side of the buff.
Hey, we got to take that up with Sid.
That's a little fucking gutless going eight on Doogie like that.
How many is that?
He probably got lost in Carter's eyes.
He's fucking humming out there right now with the Penguins.
He's got nine goals in 14 games in the Pittsburgh Penguins
could win another Stanley Cup.
Not a big deal.
We'll keep our eyes posted for that.
Look out for Sid going to Colorado all right is that you
saying you don't think there's a chance they win the cup oh no no not at all no I think I mean
Pittsburgh I'm hoping the Bruins don't play them first round they're looking like a pretty big
wagon right now I'm hoping the Bruins end up at Washington I'm not really yeah I'm not scared of
the goaltender well what's funny is historically the Bruins pound the Penguins and then Washington
Capitals really give them some issues.
That's surprising.
Yeah, well, they don't have
Talk about history.
They don't have Braden Hopie this year, buddy.
They don't have Braden Hopie at all this year.
So therein lies the difference.
Suck on that, Whit.
I ain't sucking on anything.
You thought we were done with the Buffalo Sabres.
Well, think again.
Oh, my God.
This team has provided us
I would say they are crowned champions
despite a late push by New York Rangers.
Content kings.
Although we did have the fucking
D'Angelo stuff at the start of the year.
So I would say though,
the content kings of the season
are the Buffalo Sabres, 100.
Absolutely.
We just talked to the great story
about Michael Hauser.
Well, on the other side of the spectrum,
Jack Eichel had his year-end meeting
with the media. What's today? Monday.
He said, quote, there's been a bit
of a disconnect from the organization
of myself. It's
been tough at times. Right now, I think, for me,
the most important thing is just trying to get healthy
and figure out a way to be available to play
hockey next year,
wherever that may be.
Eichel, 24, said he prefers to have surgery on his herniated disc,
but suggested the team is considering other courses of treatment.
When asked if he has the final say on treatment methods,
he added that the Sabres are included in the decision.
Again, quote, he said, it doesn't work like that.
I wish I'm under contract with this team,
and they definitely hold a lot of cards on what I can and can't do.
This is from John Vogel.
Who's the Sabres beat writer at the athletic.
He bluntly says today,
Buffalo will need a new captain.
The bridge between Eichel and the Sabres is engulfed in flames and it's hard
to imagine.
It'll be salvaged.
Eichel has been a fitness freak since his teen years.
And he's furious.
The team is telling him what he can and can't do with his body.
The trust is shattered. And that's just one angle add in six seasons well a sniff of the playoffs
and eichel is clearly ready to move on he's as good as gone um again that's from john vogel
save his beat right uh he's not really a dramatist with this stuff he's pretty wired in so uh what
what's your take on this latest development out of Buffalo?
Good for him. Good for him to get out of there. I'm sorry, Sabres fans.
I have no ill will against you. I am close friends with Jack Eichel.
I'll say that. I've always said that I'm not a not biased person.
I'm happy for him. He needs to go somewhere else.
And this final straw and this final instance of the injury and basically them not wanting him to get surgery and to continue playing and then get surgery at
the end of the year in which he'd probably not be ready for the start of the year or him saying uh
we ain't doing anything this year i want to get surgery i know what i need with my body that's
why in the pa we have the ability to get second opinions.
And I want to be ready for the next season.
And he went with that.
And to understand as an athlete and as a player,
to have your employers wanting you to do what you think is unfit
for your own body and your own health,
that can drive a wedge between a player and a team that,
like that guy wrote, will never be fixed. And And I mean, this isn't for lack of effort.
It's like, he's been there six years. They haven't sniffed the playoffs.
Nothing's gone right. How many head coaches has he had?
44. What? 44. No, I said 44. Exactly.
It's like when you're that good and you have the ability to basically
at some point say, hey, get me out of here, what are you going to do?
Hold on to him?
It makes no sense.
So I think that he's just probably deep down looking forward to being
somewhere else and giving his career what will feel like a restart.
Yeah.
I feel like this injury and this situation couldn't possibly have
happened at a worse time and it
just is kind of like okay done I'm done with it all I need to hit a reset button here I think he's
kind of earned that right as a player and I could you know as as much as I want to see oh well you
know Buffalo has made this strong financial commitment to this person when it comes to one's's body, I just, yeah, that's where I can't really side with someone
else thinking they can make the decisions where that's my opinion.
And I agree with everything you said, Whit.
He also has five more years left at 10 million per.
Also worth noting, his no move clause does not kick in until after next season.
So if Buffalo were to trade him, he has no say in where he might potentially go.
They could send him anywhere.
Well, that helps Buffalo.
Oh, absolutely.
He'll get more suitors.
And, I mean, obviously the Rangers are hot for teacher when it comes to him.
They'd love to get him.
And, you know, I would say the possibility of a three-way team,
a three-team trade is something that maybe he drives.
What about the Kings?
Why wouldn't the Kings go after him?
They might.
Well, that's a very good answer. But at this way already like in today's cap era that is
a strong commitment so even if a team like obviously it opens up the horizon as to which
team i don't think anybody's picking him up if he ain't telling him listen i'm committed to this
this is what i want and where that kind of narrows the gap too.
Like he might,
he might give it the minute ball to Edmonton where he's like, yeah,
you can trade for me, but I might not be showing up.
But you know, I think,
I think you'll more than likely end up somewhere where he wants.
What's each of you guys' final prediction as to where he plays opening
night next season.
That's a great LA.
LA.
Imagine if LA has him in Kopitar as their top two centers, they're baking the playoffs next season. I like L.A. L.A., imagine if L.A. has him and Kopitar as their top two centers,
they're breaking the playoffs next year.
I'm sticking with Manhattan.
I think he ends up on Manhattan.
I'm going to camp out on his front lawn until he signs with the
or asks for a trade to the Coyotes.
Well, it's like Drury's agent when he played is Eichel's agent,
so who knows?
There's some  and I think he's Quinney's agent too. Peter Fish.
What a legend.
The BU connection too.
There's the BU connection in New York.
Oh my God.
Okay.
New York's my answer.
I said the Island.
I wasn't referring to Long Island.
I mean,
the Island of Manhattan,
just to clarify.
Yeah.
No,
I think he ends up with the ranges after all is said and done.
So either way,
hi,
drown with Buffalo,
but all right.
Hey guys,
we got some big news.
Your favorite men's health care brand, Roman, is now available at Walmart.
Roman's non-prescription products have got you covered with everything from sexual health to everyday health.
Your well-being is important, like we were just saying, and taking care of it should be simple.
So now you can add to the cart in real life.
Roman, now available at Walmart.
We're in your area, so let's go take care of it.
Roman condoms are new and exclusive to Walmart.
You won't find them anywhere else.
They're designed ultra-thin, lubricated for pleasure,
and FDA-cleared because safe is sexy.
Of course, my old pals, the Roman Swipes,
they're an easy, discreet way to delay ejaculation
and increase sexual stamina.
Good way to reboot the system.
They're fast-acting, and your partner will enjoy them, too.
There's no pass-along desensitization if you use them as intended.
The doctor formulated with 23 nutrients.
Roman Daily is a multivitamin that is optimized with ingredients to support men's health and overall well-being.
Roman's team of in-house doctors created this unique, high-quality supplement to target
nutrition gaps in men with scientifically-backed ingredients and dosages. But remember,
supplements are not to replace a healthy diet, exercise, and good sleep. You're still going to
eat your greens and get your steps in, do all that good stuff. So visit your local Walmart store
today and check out Roman's line of men's
healthcare products.
Good stuff.
Check it out at your local Walmart.
And now we're going to send it over to Chris Knuckles Nyland,
an absolute legend of the game.
I grew up watching him.
Hell of a guy.
Hell of an interview.
We're going to send it over to him now.
Enjoy.
Chris Knuckles.
Well, it's been a long time coming, getting this character on the show.
A Boston native, this right wing was taken by Montreal in the 19th round of the 1978 draft.
He played 13 NHL seasons for the Canadians, Rangers, and Bruins,
and was one of the most prolific fighters of his era.
He still holds the record for most penalties in a game with 10,
and his 3,043 penalty minutes is good for ninth all-time.
And he has the most by a U.S.-born player.
He was also selected to play in the 1991 All-Star Game.
And, of course, he won the Stanley Cup with the 1986 Montreal Canadiens.
It's our pleasure to finally welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast,
Chris Nyland.
How the hell are you, Nux?
I'm good.
Thanks for having me.
Like I said, it's about fucking time.
I shined up that resume pretty good for you, at least, anyways.
Yeah, you did.
Did you include the Canada Cup?
You Google my name or something?
Yeah, they taught me how to Google, yeah.
First off, man, we want to get your take right away.
Last week, the Tom Wilson shit was all the talk of the NHL,
the way the Rangers reacted to it.
I know you do a radio show up in Montreal,
but not everybody that listens to us listens to that.
What was your take on everything that went down?
You know, listen, it happens all the time in the NHL scrums.
Honestly, I don't think what happened to Bucinavich was that bad.
He punched him in the back of the shoulder
and kind of gave him a little mush.
And I can't believe he got a 5,000 fine for that.
I thought the worst thing was the poor Panarin.
He got ragdolled so bad.
And my whole thing was, listen, Wilson's a tough kid.
I get it.
But when he saw his Panera and he should have kind of
chilled a little bit i think he took it too far can you imagine if that kid split his head open
and yeah that was really got hurt bad that's what i worried about when i saw it um listen i like
wilson as a go ahead not to you, but let me ask you.
Go ahead.
Cause I, I thought that, and it was so scary.
I said, thank God he didn't hit his head.
But when you say Wilson should have let up and you had your moments of anger and rage,
is it that easy when you see a guy, was it for you that easy?
If you saw a guy, you know, you could just pound that you'd, you'd be able to stop at
that quick.
Even if he jumped on your back.
could just pound that you'd you'd be able to stop it that quick even if he jumped on your back you know listen i never had an incident where i did something like that to a one of the better players
if you will i did have one incident with middleton where i was what are you laughing at
where i was i was also laughing because i'm sure there
was no skill guys jumping on your fucking back knuckles there was one guy they weren't jumping
on it was you but i ended up hitting middleton and i hit him with the back of my glove they said i
butt ended him okay and i didn't i hit him with the back of my glove and i got him right in the mouth and he
knocked a couple of i knocked his plate through his lip and cut him and and believe me it's the
one thing that i regret my career the one thing not to mention that every other fucking idiot the
bruins had in the minor leagues got called up after that. I had to fight every one of them. So I brought all that shit on myself,
but yeah, I honestly, I think he could have, well,
maybe not Tom Wilson, but I think he could have let up on the, you know,
he could have grabbed him around the head and just hugged them. You know,
I didn't think he had to do what he did and what, listen,
I like Wilson as a player, like I said,
but the one thing I don't like about him
is when he was in Vegas and Reeves wanted to fight him and he didn't yeah I ain't fighting you like
he's gonna sit in the he's gonna waste the time sitting in the box for five minutes if he fights
Reeves that pissed me off if you're gonna be a tough guy and the guy's calling you on
you gotta fight him you can't say oh i'm not going to
fight you because i'm a i'm a good player now didn't like it can't have it both ways is what
you're saying hey knuckles yeah i didn't like if you're going to play that role you should have to
answer the bell to the highest of extremes and and i think reeves is probably i would say it's
fair to call him the top dog right now i I can't think of any. Who else would be the equivalent right now if you could think of anyone else?
Big Z.
Could Maroon fight him?
Maybe.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know if  I'm sure Maroon would.
I think Maroon would, but he's not dying to.
I'm not saying they beat him, but those are some guys.
Knox, can you remember anything like this where there's been such a ripple effect?
Of course, the Wilson incident happens.
Then the Rangers, so I should say the Rangers owner comes out with that ludicrous statement,
which his GM and president obviously didn't like.
He ends up firing them to bring in another guy.
And then Bucinavis gets suspended.
It's just this whole kind of like all this shit rolled downhill of you.
Do you remember anything like this before to this extent where, where GM's life got fired?
No, not nothing like that. And again, I can certainly see how JD, um, didn't like that
statement and, and probably voiced that. And that's why he lost his job. And I kind of like
a guy who stays true to himself and to his
you know his team that owner's a little bit of a whack job anyway
aren't we all not putting it nicely knuckles imagine if we had a billion bucks in the bank
the silly shit that we'd be doing yeah i don't know if i'd be here right now
oh man hey but uh knuckles obviously we wanted to get your opinion on that,
but the main reason we had you come by is we want to talk about
your incredible career.
And, you know, I obviously did a bit of studying.
And going all the way back, I didn't realize when you grew up,
your father was a Green Beret, correct?
Yeah, my dad was a Green Beret.
And, of course, I think he stayed until, like, he was 50 years old.
He stayed in the reserves um for quite a while the end but yeah my dad uh jungle expert jumped out of planes uh
he had a couple good charlestown friends uh the fischerl brothers that uh he used to run with a
little bit and uh yeah yeah my My dad's a tough bastard.
No doubt.
Now, you're also a city kid like myself.
Grew up in West Roxbury, right, Chris?
Yeah.
Now, you went to Catholic Memorial.
Did you do all four years there in high school?
Yeah, I got through all four years.
I didn't graduate.
What priest dragged you through there?
That sounds bad, but I didn't mean it that way.
No, yeah, I went to CM.
I did my four years there.
I went to one year of prep school up in Northwood School in Lake Placid.
Then I went to Northeastern.
I was just going to say an amazing stat.
I'm pretty sure your last year of college,
you averaged three and a half penalty minutes per game.
Biz, there's no fighting in college.
I don't know how you met. Was that just like ruffings after whistle stuff you got to give me the breakdown
of that season there were a lot of elbows a lot of roughing uh i ended up in a fight up in colgate
where i ended up cracking someone uh a kid named larry, and I hit him with my glove on, and we had a riot up at Colgate.
They ended up canceling the game.
We almost didn't get out of town at Colgate.
And Mike Milbury's alma mater.
But, yeah, a lot of of minor penalties but there was one fighting
knuckles going back i thought it was even crazier the the two years before that i think you played
20 games each year you didn't register one penalty minute so what were you in a role where you had to
remain disciplined and if you took a stupid penalty you get benched where'd you see that i
saw that on hockey db and I thought that was crazy
that you didn't have one penalty minute your first two years of college.
Now, you better talk to HockeyDB.
You know why?
Because my first two years, I ended up getting hurt.
My first year, I broke my hand in a fight off the ice.
And then my second year, I got in a fight with a couple guys i almost got my finger bit off i end
up in the hospital i almost got my finger amputated knuckles that's another off-ice incident correct
yeah another one that's sophomore year biz i'm actually surprised like given the fact that your
father was a green beret was there uh you know assume there, there was a certain amount of discipline in the
household. Did you, is that like, did you end up getting in bar fights?
Was that just kind of like a regular occurrence?
Well, on the street, you know, yeah. Different stuff in the street,
you know, kids neighborhood stuff, but yeah,
my father certainly was a disciplined guy, but come on biz.
I bucked the system.
Fair enough.
Fair enough, my friend.
That's unbelievable.
Next, now you went to Northeast.
Was anybody else offering you, or was that your only one, or what?
How'd you end up so close to home?
My only one.
Really?
Here's the deal.
Judge King, Paul King, his brother used to be the governor of the state, Ed King.
And the judge was my hockey coach. Judge King helped me get into Northwood School up in Lake Placid.
And I went he asked me to do one a couple of things. He said, go up there and do good in school.
Stay out of trouble and, you know, play hockey. Boom. I did it. I can give you one of them.
Yeah. And I did well in school and I did well in hockey. And anyway, he had Fernie Flammon come
and see me. He was friends with Fernie and Fernie ended up giving me a scholarship because of the judge. And then when I was at Northeastern, the judge, Judge King, did the same thing.
He went to Montreal.
He was good friends with Dickie Moore and Doug Harvey, two Hall of Famers with the Canadians.
And Doug was a scout with the Canadians.
And the judge asked Doug if he could get the Canadians just to draft me.
And that's why I got drafted in the 19th round.
Because I would have never got drafted if it was left up to the scouts.
It was a favor to Judge King.
Unbelievable.
Imagine?
That is fucking crazy.
I want to ask you about.
And that's different when like some people
are happy they don't get drafted because any they can choose their team i mean you're a guy who you
were going to need to get a shot maybe through the draft so that's pretty cool yeah it was like
honest to god like and i didn't know right away i didn't find out till well i didn't find out until
after my career that the um judge was responsible for that.
Doug Harvey and Dickie Moore.
Well, actually, Dickie told me at the judge's funeral.
I met him.
He came down from Montreal to it.
And after we went out and had a bite to eat, and he told me the whole story, how the judge came to him and dug and asked if the Canadians would do me a favor.
But he never wanted me to know.
He wanted to think that, you know, he wanted to make me think that,
oh, they'd come and foul me, you know, in the 19th round.
All right, it was like the college admissions scandal,
just his way to get into the show.
Hey, so what was your initial reaction?
I mean, growing up a bruins fan you
idolize bob yore all of a sudden you're getting drafted by the most hated team based on your
your the franchise you adored growing up yeah um listen i was so happy to get drafted i actually
was at the casken flagging over at northeast and with mike sanford. And we're in there drinking, and somebody come up and said,
hey, you got drafted.
I said, no way.
You know, I just couldn't believe it.
He said, no, you did.
You got drafted by the Canadian.
So we ran back in.
We watched them turn the station on the other TV.
And sure enough, I got drafted.
I couldn't believe it. Canadiansians uh 17th round i was happy
happier than a pig and shit and um it's funny uh i always wanted to be a boston bruin and growing
up that was my thing and and having getting drafted by them and going to training camp that year, it was like, you know, it was difficult.
One, I was a little bit in awe.
I hated LeFleur and I hated Savard and LaPointe because, I mean,
every year they beat the Bs.
And next thing, I'm out there on the ice in training camp with them.
And it went okay. I didn't fight i ran around i played physical and stuff like that but
um you know i got sent to nova scotia that first year but the funny story
the we were at the boston god i was at a friend of mine fr Franny Flaherty, kid from South Boston. And we went over, and the Habs were playing the Bees
in the playoffs in 79, 78, 79.
So we went over, watched the practice,
and we come out, we jump in Franny's Thunderbird,
and we pull around the front of the Boston Garden.
There's LeFleur, Loopy and and LeMire so Franny says why
don't we ask them you know we'll give them a ride to the hotel so I'm yeah whatever so Franny pulls
up in the Thunderbird rolls the window down right they all got Stanley Cup rings on Franny goes hey
you want to ride the hotel they're like looking looking at us going, should we get in?
So they were loopy, right?
So they hop in.
They get in the back.
And LeFleur, he lights up a butt right away.
He's nervous in the back.
And so I'm going, I go, yeah, we're going to go to the game tonight, blah, blah, blah.
I said, next year, I'm going to come out there.
I'm going to play with you guys.
I'm going to be at training camp next year.
So LeMire goes, he looks at me, he goes, oh, yeah?
He said, how are you going to do that?
And I said, well, I got drafted by you guys.
I was all excited to tell him I was drafted, right?
So LeMaire goes, really? Where do you play?
I said, I play at Northeastern right here in Boston.
He says, what round were you drafted?
I said, the 19th.
The three of them started laughing their balls off.
And I'm like, what are they laughing at?
I got fucking drafted.
They're like, we didn't know they were laughing.
Have fun in Nova Scotia.
Oh, it was hilarious.
And it's funny.
I came to camp next year.
And I'm in the locker room and that was back in the day you play all you do is scrimmage right and i'm on the same team as a fleur and he's
looking at me and he's looking at me and i'm doing my skates up and he's looking over and
he looked and he goes tab on that he said that you theak, he said, it's you, the kid from Boston.
I said, I told you I was going to fucking be here.
I told you.
Then I get out on the ice, and who do I line up against?
Loopy.
Now, with a face-off in the offensive zone,
and Loopy's looking at me, right, and he's like 6'5", huge,
and he's staring at me. I'm going,
oh, I'm going to have to fucking fight him.
And
before the puck drops, he looks at me
and goes,
it's you, the kid from Boston.
I said, I told you I was fucking going to be here.
And then
the end of the season,
he,
LeMahieu was away.
He went to Switzerland that year.
He retired, but he went to Switzerland.
And the end of the year, we used to go for lunch every day across the street.
And it was like March.
Their season was over, and he'd come back, and we're sitting there,
and he's talking to Larry Robinson, and I'm having lunch.
And LeMahieu says to Larry, he says, hey, who's the kid in Ireland?
The new kid that's doing all the fighting.
And Larry says, yeah, he's right here.
You want to meet him?
Yeah.
So Jock, Chris in Ireland, hey, Jock, how are you?
How's it going?
He goes, tabanak, it's you, the kid from Boston.
I said, I told you I was going to be here.
The three of them.
It was hilarious because they all recognized me from that one day in the car,
and it was just funny.
They all said the same thing.
Tabernak, it's you, the kid from Boston.
It was pretty funny.
You made that impression on him.
You mentioned that you didn't fight in that first training camp.
Is that the case?
Yeah, I didn't. You ended up getting sent down to Nova Scotia and in the book you uh you released uh one of the
people said that when you were in Nova Scotia there was no more takers in the American League
after you'd spent your little time there I think you played like a little over half a season
and what had you ran through the entire tough guy all the tough guys
in the league yeah listen it's funny I had a five game tryout I didn't have an agent and
my first game I played in Maine uh was Philly's farm team and I ended up fighting Glenn Cochran
that game we both got kicked out after the fight, but I cut him open.
I cut him pretty good. And the next day I'm in, um, at the hotel and the, uh, Bert Templeton calls
me. He says, Hey, Chris, you have an agent. I'm there. No, I don't have an agent. Why? He said,
well, the Canadians called me this morning. They want to sign you a contract you don't have an a i said i don't i don't have an agent he said well they want to sign your
contract that one fight they signed me and i signed um that next week and then in 49 games
i mean i fought every night it was crazy like it was nuts like every night
I fought so was that your first
experience on ice like
getting in a scrap of that magnitude
and then all of a sudden
you kind of had that one fight
at Colgate that was it
and
yeah it was really the first time I ever fought
was I figured how
hard could it be i could
fight in the street before there's gates on if you can stand up you should be able to go
in the 73 in faneuil hall too yeah yeah so that's wild so so obviously a big reason as to why like
you didn't even spend much time in the minors you end up getting called up and and the rest
is history so basically that that that that one scrap kind of turned your fortunes around like uh like pretty crazy well it gave me
the the contract which you know when you in the scheme of things uh at the time it was a big deal
for me um but in the 49 games like i I had 304 minutes of penalty,
but I had 15 goals and 10 assists.
And it's weird.
Like I didn't realize that, but they had,
Montreal had a scout down there watching me almost every game.
And I didn't know that.
They had somebody there watching me every game.
And I always could play the game you know decent i don't know obviously no superstar
but um i could play i would have had time a hard time doing that job if i didn't play i couldn't
have sat on the bench and you know got the tap i couldn't have done it chris your first 15 games
with the 79-80 Canadians.
Now, that's a team, they're looking for their fifth straight cup,
seven Hockey Hall of Famers on it.
There's no way you went in there and kept your mouth shut around all these guys.
Like, what was it like getting in there for you?
When I first went in, you know, I wasn't shy, but, you know,
I just, I knew my place.
You know, you didn't come in and start popping off right away, you you gotta make your way and that's what I did once I started making my way and I got
some respect of my teammates um I was a little more vocal in the room but you know
who were your running partners what you're like your rookie year who did you run around with I
know Chelios didn't come to a couple years later but I mean it's Montreal it's the early 80s now the country
while the continent's still partying at a pretty good clip who you're running around with up there
uh I ran with Doug Wickenheiser when he first come in where came 81 Rick Chantreau when I first came
but shot he left uh soon after he wasn't there too long. He played one, almost two years with me.
And then I ran with Doug Wickenheiser for a little bit.
I was just going to ask, like, about Larry Robinson,
because I remember my father talking about him as, like,
the most complete defenseman.
He was nasty offensively.
He was great.
But then you hear all these stories as a guy,
what he's done for players when he's gone on to coach and as a teammate,
did you have experiences of hanging out with him or was he more a quiet guy?
No, Larry, you know, again,
he was one of the boys when we went in the road,
but he was a little older at the time. You know, I come in,
I was 21 or whatever, 20. And he,
you know, he must've been 27 at the time.
And to me, that was old.
I'm thinking 27.
He'd been around a while.
And, but Larry was, you know, he was like everybody's big brother,
everybody's father, supported everybody.
He was a great leader.
Awesome on the ice.
And, yeah, he was cool. Your father's right on with that.
I remember Larry came in the league and I was still a Bruins fan.
I remember they called them up and he came, he played,
I was at a game at the garden. He came, he scored two goals.
I came, he took it end to end. I'm there. Who the hell is this guy?
They have, who's this guy they're getting now?
They get all the best players and ended up playing with him uh him and gainey um two of the probably the
best leaders i ever played with and then larry going on to coach guys absolutely loved larry um he was so disarming um he he was um he he was always there to help a teammate uh and he has
great knowledge of the game especially um being a defenseman he's he's so good working with the
younger players he helped Chelly in a big way uh when he first came in the league for sure um you
got to see a few younger guys come up.
Paddy Waugh, I think R.A. already mentioned that.
But I want to ask about Claude Lemieux,
and specifically, I think it was May 14, 1987.
You guys were in the conference finals in Game 6.
Were you aware that he was shooting the puck in the net
at the end of warm-up into the opposition net?
And did you know that it was going to result into what it did?
No, I, I, and listen, I knew something was up,
but I didn't pay attention to it.
Him and Shane were doing this thing where they shoot the puck in the net.
You know, they're like, that's going to fucking help us win the game.
Way to go guys. And then like,
uh, I was aware because it was in the
newspaper and people had started talking about it but i i didn't pay attention to it i went back in
the room uh when that happened and i was just starting on doing my skates and i'm sitting there
and someone come running in the room one of of the ushers, and said,
ah, there's a fight on the ice.
And I'm like, what?
So I tightened my skates real quick and I went out.
And go figure, I end up with who else?
Fucking Brownie with no shirt on, you know?
And it's funny.
I've talked to him since. And I said, God,
I wish I thought of that coming out with no shirt on. He said,
I didn't think of it. He said, I, I had just take my, he said,
I take my shirt off every period. He said, I just happened to have it off.
I didn't bother putting it on. He said, I didn't think of it.
I just ran out there.
I guess I was giving him too much credit for being smart, but he,
you know, Claude and Shane, when they were out there,
that big Sam Wilson come out and he was like six, I don't know, six, seven.
He was like huge, but you know, I didn't want to fight him.
He was there at the time.
And I was almost going to sucker him and just start it and say, screw this.
But I didn't.
I waited a little bit.
And then everybody started coming out of the locker rooms.
And it was like, forget about it then.
And then once Brownie come on, I'm like, shit, how am I going to handle this one?
You know, nothing to grab onto for leverage.
And, you know, he's a tough guy, but I picked my way through it.
I got my way through that fight, you know,
all fucking 25 minutes of it, whatever it was.
Ridiculous.
Yeah, it's on YouTube for those of you who haven't seen it.
So long story short, Claude Lemieux goes off the ice
because at that point the Flyers had said, if he shoots the puck in there, we're going to grab him. So Claude Lemieux leaves the ice. The Flyers kind of wait to see if he's going to come back. They finally leave. Well, Claude Lemieux comes running out as they're going down the tunnel and they peek back around the corner. So they come flying out. Claude Lemieux slides it in the empty net. And next thing you know, everyone's outside the locker room on the ice scrapping for 10, 15 minutes.
So it's a pretty wild scene, that's for sure.
Yeah, it was nuts.
And we had just had that big fight with the Nordiques too, right?
That Good Friday thing.
And that was freaking crazy.
And then this one, I guess, they fight the brawl to end all brawls
so kind of happy because you know that was crazy shit being in a brawl i don't mind fighting a guy
but you just never know in a brawl what's going to happen you trip on something and next thing you
got some screwball and smashing your head on the ice or something. I didn't like the Brawls.
But this was an era too, Chris, where they didn't suspend guys for that.
Did anybody get suspended for that or was it just a bunch of fines?
No, a bunch of fines.
No suspension.
Leave in the locker room with no shirt on.
Nobody gets suspended.
That's hilarious to think of in today's context.
We got to talk about, obviously, the Stanley Cup that year.
Hartford took you guys to seven, but otherwise,
you guys steamrolled every team you played.
I mean, I looked at Patrick Waugh's regular season numbers that year.
They weren't anything great.
3-3-5 goals against 8-7-5 save percentage,
which is below average for that year.
What was the team's confidence level in him going into the playoffs?
Did you think he was going to pull this off?
We had a lot of confidence in him. Really think we had a lot of confidence in him? Really?
We had a lot of confidence in him. Listen, we were struggling as a team.
I think the last 10 games, we lost 11 games. We lost seven of them.
We didn't not have a good record going into the playoffs.
John Perron was a coach putting head. That was his nickname, putting head.
And this is where I talked about Larry and Bob Ganey. Those two really kept our team together. Like you couldn't believe that
Jean Perron was coaching a fucking NHL team. It like it was ridiculous. i've had my issues with coaches over the years here and there but i
could not fucking believe this guy actually was our coach and every time he came in the room and
he'd go up on the board he'd say okay like fucking 30 times in a, everything was okay. Fucking nothing was okay.
And guys would look at each other like, and Bob Ganey,
that's why I say Bob Ganey and Larry really kept our team together.
We had a system in place that we played to a T as a group.
And that year beat Boston three straight.
We had a difficult time with Hoffman.
They had an unbelievable team, right?
Some great players, Francis, Deneen, you know, Samuelson on defense,
Luton and that.
They had a really good heart.
I think Babich.
And we went to that game seven.
And I remember they scored with a minute left in the game.
And they tied it.
And I was like, oh, man, I just didn't have a good feeling.
And then we come out for that overtime period.
And that's when Claude Lemieux took over and scored that big goal like Pepe.
That year in the playoffs, the two of them.
But to get back to Patrick, I'm sorry.
We had confidence in Patrick big time.
And then it just grew in the playoffs.
Once we got by half, and then we went to New York, it's unbelievable.
He stood in his head in New York.
One night he made like 62 saves or something in double overtime.
And we ended up winning on an overtime goal by Lemieux.
But Pepe Lemieux played big for us that year.
They came 1-2 on the con smite, Patrick and then Claude second.
But they were both big part of that team.
Back in that day, we're talking old-time hockey and these stories. then Claude second, but they were both big part of that team.
Back in that day, we're talking old time hockey and these stories.
Were you guys, you know, after a home playoff win or road,
were you going out that night for, for drinks and dinner?
Or was it playoffs? You'd at least shut it down a little bit. Like what was the scene in terms of after the games and then that entire cup
run mid eighties?
Well, we stayed when we're at home,
we went to the hotel. So we practice that day. Uh,
we had a game, we skate in the morning. Um,
we play that night and then go home the next day we get up,
go to practice. And after practice practice we go have a team meal
and then we'd stay at a hotel at with the team yeah we didn't we didn't uh we're at a place
called we call it Alcatraz it was um uh the island of St. Helen yeah we were staying at this hotel in the middle of nowhere and um well it wasn't that year the
following year we had a couple guys sneak out and they uh they were in a car with a couple of um
girls they got in a car accident and i wasn't one of them but um i was tempted to go out and i'm glad i didn't that night um you know they put
us in a place where they they kind of they made you want to get out of there but for the most part
um guys followed the rules uh that year we had one situation where guys didn't
and it was all over the newspaper the next day.
I want to talk about your goal scoring, Chris.
I know you mentioned, you know, you had some games here,
but you've got 16 goals, 21 goals, 19 goals in three consecutive years.
Who were you playing with?
Who was your sentiment during those years
when you were putting up such good numbers?
Carbino.
I played with Carbino and Ganey those three years.
Yeah, yeah.
And two Hall of Famers.
You know, Carboneau was a good offensive player in junior.
He had 150 points or something his last year.
And when he came to Montreal and LeMire got a hold of him,
he  because we had a couple offensive guys guys guys that were putting the puck in that
bobby smith um and um and lemire got a hold of him and said listen you got to play both ends of the
rink and uh he worked with him and uh cabo embraced that role and certainly uh on and had an unbelievable career. But playing with him was a lot of fun.
He's a good player, good playmaker.
I always told him he had a cop lounge.
He could do anything he wanted on the ice.
You want to, you know, spit at people.
You want to spare someone.
You want to sucker someone, just do it.
I'll be there for you.
But honestly, he never really took advantage of me that way,
which was good.
When I think of that era of that Canadiens,
the first name that comes to me is Guy Lafleur.
I mean, I know you had obviously Robinson.
You had, well, Kenny Dryden before you got there.
But was Lafleur the best player on that team,
regardless of position, when you were there?
Yeah, when I first got there, for sure.
Yeah, no question about it.
When I came that first year,
LeMaire retired, Dryden retired,
and Conway retired.
That was their last year.
And even if they were there,
I'd have a hard time saying
Guy wasn't the best player.
But, you know, he just come off
of them four Stanley Cups in a row.
He had an incredible run
and he's he was starting to um starting to get up there you know as far as age
and um that whole team was starting to break apart
oh he's ripping darts at the intermissions yeah he was ripping, and I was ripping them with him.
Get the lungs fired up.
I didn't realize that.
I'm in the NHL.
Next thing, people are there smoking a butt between periods.
I'm like, it's crazy.
We would go back in the trainer's room, Eddie Palchak,
and my first year I'm there, and all of a sudden I smell smoke in the locker room.
I'm like, what's that?
And flowers in the back room, having a butt.
And I ended up going,
I'd sit in with him between periods and have a say, I have a smoke and a Coke.
You have a smoke and a Coke and away we go.
If he was having a good game, would he ever like treat himself on the bench?
Maybe like off to the side, just grab one. Like maybe. faking to tie the skates up hey never no funny though i used to go
i would be there like four o'clock for an eight o'clock game he'd be there at three o'clock
and he'd eat two hot dogs potato potato chips, have a coffee, smoke a couple butts.
Every game.
Just go out there and do his thing.
You talked earlier about Jean Perron.
Now, R.A. mentioned one of those successful years you had as far as goal scoring.
You had 19.
He was the head coach that year.
From what I'm understanding is there was a bit of a falling out between you and him and that might be even one of the why reasons why as to you left Montreal
it was what was the big riff about and and and and what had happened and why did it get so hostile
well it was a year after we won the cup and we're going through another difficult time winning hockey games. And we're in Hartford.
And, well, actually, I got to go back.
When he was an assistant coach with LeMire, we were in a practice.
And after practice, we're in the semicircle doing shots, taking shots.
And he's standing in the corner passing the puck out.
He came by me.
He didn't pass me the puck.
Went through the whole line, come back.
I didn't get the puck.
I'm there.
Hey, Jacques.
I'm waving the stick.
Jean, Jean, Johnny.
Didn't pass me the puck.
We go through the line again, and we get to me,
and he finally passed it to me.
So I took the puck.
Now he's getting ready to pass another one, the next guy.
I take the puck and I flip it.
I'm at the far blue line.
It goes boom, right on top of the head.
He goes down.
So everybody runs over and checks him out i just shot grabbed another puck
shot and i went up to him you okay yeah no i'm okay okay he had 10 stitches right cut his head
open anyway i'm in the room getting a change and and LeMah comes in. He said, what the hell are you doing?
I'm there, what do you mean, what am I doing?
He said, you hit him in the head with a puck.
I said, I didn't mean it.
I just flipped it back.
You think I meant to hit him in the head?
I said, if I meant to hit him in the fucking head, put me on the power play.
I said, I was at the far side of the blue line.
I just flipped it.
The thing took off.
So can you apologize?
So I went and I said, hey,
John, I'm sorry. You know, I
didn't mean to hit you. I was just flipping it, being a
smartass, you know.
Anyway, he went off and got stitches,
10 stitches. That's when he was an
assistant. Then when
of course he came,
I don't know, I don't know what
he thought of me, to be honest with you, but
I don't know what he thought of anybody because he was just a weird guy.
And anyway, he, we're in Hartford and he went around the room and started calling this guy out, that guy.
And he came to me and he said, ah, and Chris, when is the last time you had a fight?
And I'm like, when's the last time I had a fight?
Who the fuck, who are you to fucking talk about fighting?
You know anything about fucking fighting?
Fuck you.
So that didn't go over too good.
And we went to Buffalo and I was in Buffalo
and I guess he called Serge and
fucking cried to Serge, you know, that he couldn't control me and this and that.
And now I was pretty close with Serge, really close, still am today.
And Serge's best friend died that day.
And I could, I could swear if his friend didn't die he probably wouldn't have traded me
but we're in Buffalo and I went to morning skate and I didn't I wasn't with my line I had a
the fucking odd man out jersey and I go back to the hotel room and Jacques Le Perrier calls me. He says,
hey, Nicole, I'm there.
What's up, Jacques? He said,
the coach, he want to
talk to you.
I said, hey, Lappy, you
know I love you and I respect you, but if the
fucking coach wants to talk to me,
tell him to have some fucking balls
and call me himself.
So, okay, okay. So so he calls me and he said
ah chris and they uh who's this he said oh it's the coach and they uh what's up and he goes uh
oh i want to talk with you about uh your ice time can you come down my room i'm there sure what is
it he gave me the room number i come down there the door is wide
open i walk in and he's fucking looking at the floor and he goes oh uh serge is on the phone he
want to talk with you i'm okay i get on the phone it was serge he's a big boy i'm there what's up
he said uh i traded you i said no fucking way you you're shitting me he said no
i traded you i said where he said st louis and i said i ain't going to fucking st louis surge see
you later and he goes well you have to i don't i said i don't have to fucking do anything i don't
want to do i ain't going to to St. Louis. He said,
what the fuck are you trading me for? He said,
you have a problem with the coach.
That's it. You put me
in a bad spot.
Anyway,
he said, where do you want to go? I said,
I want to go to Boston. He said, I
can't fucking do that. I ain't doing it.
I know I was in
there before.
Phil always used to talk to me, Esposito and i knew he wanted me in new york so i said um call phil and ask him if he
wants to be in the with the rangers and kind of fell in phil's lap um i end up going to new york
he called ron carone he said listen i'm, I'm going to trade Chris to New York.
He doesn't want to go there, Ron.
And so it was nice.
He sent me where I wanted to go, but I was fucking devastated.
I don't know how guys do it.
I just don't.
I was such a fucking loyal trooper to my teammates in that organization.
It almost fucking broke me.
Really did. I was fucking devastated i should have tried that when they straight me to edmonton
nope i'd like to go to dallas or tampa thank you call me back later i would have just been
surprised someone else wanted me yeah that's your first experience
and you're a guy who just did whatever it took for his team his teammates then all of a sudden
boom this is a business you know must have been really hard and winning a cup there too makes it
even more difficult suck yeah and i tell you i'm i couldn't believe i woke up in new york in the
hotel i was like fuck i can't believe i'm here i just couldn't i had. I woke up in New York in the hotel. I was like, fuck, I can't believe I'm here. I just couldn't  I had a hard time getting over it.
I loved playing for the Canadiens.
I really did.
And I didn't want to play for another team.
I didn't.
How long did it finally take you to get used to your new teammates?
I mean, you ended up playing with Marcel Dion there,
which must have been a very special thing.
I know he was towards the end of his career,
but still some good memories, I assume.
Yeah, I had great memories.
Listen, I loved the guys in New York.
I had a lot of fun.
And when I went to Boston, too,
hockey guys are fucking great, bottom line.
Hockey guys are just good guys.
And it's just I had a hard time, not so much,
getting used to new teammates and playing. I just felt, I felt such a loyalty to the organization for what they did for me and
how much they helped me become a full-time NHL player.
And I was so invested into emotionally into that whole thing.
It was, it really hard for me but
listen I still did my job I stuck up for my teammates you know I fucking went out there
and fought every night for my teammates same I mean the first game they I was in Philly they
put me in in fucking Philadelphia they had five fucking idiots on the ice but Ruby, Chikrin,
They had five fucking idiots on the ice.
Marubi, Chikrin, Kockner, Nachbauer, and Dave Brown.
Fucking five of them.
So I take your fucking pick.
Thank you.
Like, nuts.
When you were with the Rangers, Guy Lafleur actually came out of retirement.
I mean, he was 37.
He was away from the game for three years.
Were you shocked that he pulled that move? Yeah, he was 37. He was away from the game for three years. Were you shocked that he pulled that move?
Yeah, it's funny.
Like Phil used to ask me, do you think he can score 20?
I mean, yeah, he could score 20 fucking smoking a pack of Marlboros and Dumarries to boot.
And he said, no, really.
I mean, he can fucking score 20.
Is that all you need from him?
And Phil was like, okay, okay i'm gonna get him on my word fuck he says and he went and got him
fuck him we want him so he ended up getting flower and he came and flower absolutely loved it
brian leach was a rookie and granado that year and they absolutely loved the idea they're playing
with the flower he He's smoking butts.
He couldn't believe it either.
He never played out of Quebec, right?
Fuck, he walked around New York.
No one knew who the fuck he was.
He was having the time of his life.
For the first time in his life.
Yeah, not being under the microscope.
Looking back on all the scraps, do you have some favorites of your own that you always look back on and appreciate?
Do you have any guys that you remember that you had probably the biggest feud with?
What are the ones that stand out to you?
You know, my first couple all the time, like, my first time against the Bruins,
I fought Jonathan O'Reilly.
And O'Reilly, fuck, I knew he was a lefty, but I said, I'm going to fucking go.
And I threw fucking two rights and he came back.
Ba-ding, ba-ding.
I couldn't, the fucking blood was pouring out of my head.
I couldn't see.
I remember, it stayed on my feet though.
And John D'Amico was breaking up.
And I remember I wiped my fucking nose up his sleeve and he fucking snapped
at me don't wipe your fucking blood on i couldn't see i just fucking wanted to get one eye open so
i could see something the prick and he's yelling at me don't fuck i i already took a fucking beat
in the head fucking have a have a hot will you john and so that the very beginning because that
fight they had changed things for me right biz i i after that fight i i said if i want to last in
this league i i gotta fucking fight smart i can't just go there all these guys that are bigger than
me and fucking swing away because i'm gonna end up getting fucked up
i'm gonna break my jaw you know my nose i'm gonna look like fucking i i said and then it's gonna be
it's gonna get more difficult and if i the more fights i lose fucking closer to the door i am
so i kind of after that fight i vowed i'd never let that happen again. I didn't.
And I started to fight smart.
I fought the fight I wanted to fight.
I would tie, people said, oh, I'd tie guys up.
Fucking right I did. You fight a guy 6'4", fucking 230, you're not going to fucking tie him up?
You're just going to let him hang you out at the end of your arm?
Fucking ridiculous.
So I would fight smart.
I'd get in
tight on guys i take their strength away if there were a lefty i take their left away
and and try and throw my right and then sometimes i let go and throw the stun gun
and then other times i've the guys are lefty that punch away. I'd throw uppercuts all the time.
I'd switch hands.
I like the stun gun.
I called it the jersey jab.
I had to.
That's a t-shirt possibility.
Yeah.
I mean, moving away from the fighting, though,
you had some other pretty memorable moments.
I know probably one of the best goals you ever scored
was a penalty shot at the Forum.
Do you remember that one?
Yeah, it was incredible.
That night, it was crazy i always
say that i i felt like gretzky on a bad night i had two goals and one assist i had three points
i i was like holy and i was sick as a dog it's funny how it works i had a turtleneck on that
game i i was i had the flu i was sick... Now, fucking guys would be out three weeks
with the fucking flu.
But it was crazy.
I ended up getting...
A lot of people are like,
how the fuck did you get a penalty shot?
I mean, I could skate fucking halfway decent,
but Randy Carlisle hooked me and pulled me backwards.
I got snuck inside of him.
I ended up with a penalty shot.
And I remember Ludwig and Shelly, they're telling me,
they're looking at me.
I'm fucking nervous, right, as anything.
And Shelly's going, dump it, dump it in.
Fucking Ludwig, the two of them.
And I remember Bob Ganey, he skated out to me.
And this calmed me right down.
He said, Knuckles, don't listen to fucking all them assholes on the bench.
He said, do what you think is right.
Just do what you think is right.
And it fucking just took the heat right off me.
So I went in, dropped my head, and pulled it to my backhand and throw it up and brian haywood
got traded to us two weeks later come in the room walked in the room i goes what the fuck were you
thinking he goes i was thinking you you dummy you were going to come in and drop your head and
chew the right my pads i didn't it's fucking hilarious hey knuckles i just watched it that
might be where thomas pokanek got the whole turtleneck idea for the montreal canadian percent
100 i think so nice move though very nice hey little head fake go to the backhand and you're
going so fast that's why just easy to go shelf walking right i was i was just gonna hop in ask about
one more memorable thing uh you didn't end up going to it but the all-star game you got uh
mike milbury picked you in 1991 to attend the all-star game when it was your head coach
of the boston bruins but you did you didn't end up going because you were hurt right
i remember mike that year he's skating around,
and he'd come up to me in practice and say,
you're going to the All-Star game.
I'm getting a pick this year.
You're going.
I'm there.
Don't fucking pick me for that thing, will you?
Don't.
He said, no, I'm going to pick you.
I'm there.
Fuck off.
So we'd skate around.
And another couple days go by, and he'd come up to me,
and I said, I'm picking you. I'm picking you on that. Fuck off.
I don't want to go to the fucking all-star game. I don't care.
No, you're going. So fuck. Next thing I get picked on that. Holy shit.
He picked me. So we're going through a bad time again,
a little funk and Mike,
we have practice the next day,
but we couldn't get on the ice because they put the parquet down.
So he said, you guys, you don't want to work for fucking 60 minutes a night.
I'm going to show you what it is to work nine to five.
So he calls us into the rink. We get in there at nine o'clock,
puts on the game tape. We start watching the tape,
gets to be about 1130.
He goes, okay, you can go to lunch now.
Be back here by 1230 was 1130.
He's like, okay, so we're going to go over the floors.
And we go out the locker room door and I hear the ball bouncing out there
in the fucking pocket. And I'd never ball bouncing out there in the fucking parquet
and I've never been out in the parquet always a Celtics fan so there's a couple guys out there
teammates and one of the trainers and we start having a little game of hoop
so we're playing trainer gets the ball Donnie my boy my boy, Donnie Warden,
and I jump up to block the shot.
I step on his fucking ankle and roll my ankle.
My fucking ankle went like a balloon.
So, bang, they think it's sprained. They take an X-ray to say, oh, you got a sprained ankle, blah, blah, blah.
So they're trying to get me back for the Bruins,
but they're also trying to get me back for the All-Star game.
It was like four weeks away.
And, fuck, I couldn't even walk.
I did, oh, you got a sprained ankle.
Fuck, my ankle, I'm telling you.
They put me in that cold boot with the pressure,
and I'd be laying on the thing. I'm like, I got tears fuck my ankle, I'm telling you. They put me in that cold boot with the pressure, and I'd be laying on the thing.
I'm like, I got tears in my eyes.
I got, oh, you pussy, you pussy.
I mean, ah.
Anyway, I end up getting an MRI after fucking four weeks.
I skated on it five times.
They were walking me around the bottom of the Boston Garden
trying to get it loose.
I fractured my talus bone in half.
The talus bone is that bone in your ankle that makes everything move.
Fucking in half.
And I ended up having to have surgery right away.
They put two screws in it, screwed it together.
I was fucked. So I couldn't play in the all-star game, but you know, I guess, I mean, I didn't want to play in it, but you know,
I would have went, I would have had fun. I would have made it, you know,
I would have had some fun, but you would have been John Scott before John Scott.
What's that? You would have been John Scott before John Scott.
what's that you would have been john scott before john scott yeah uh man imagine twitter twitter was around then milbury naming nylan to the to the all-star team that would have made
twitter fucking explode honestly listen mike did it for me and he did it for brian screwland to
march all he's like i want to recognize these guys plus those were the rules he could fucking
pick who he wanted he didn't want to pick someone who fucking Plus, those were the rules. He could fucking pick who he wanted.
He didn't want to pick someone who fucking tiptoed through the tulips
their whole fucking career.
You know, he wanted to pick some guys who went through the fucking muck.
Didn't they change the rules after?
Didn't they change the rules after that, Chris?
Didn't they change the rules as far as how all-star players were awarded then?
Yeah, they took that away from
the league does it now Gary does it fucking Gary Bettman you went from a rule breaker to a rule
maker I want to ask before you get traded to Boston though going back to the Middleton thing
um yeah I know you said you got him with you with your glove did you ever like fear for your safety
coming into games in Boston knowing how you know how rabid the fans were and what they might be capable of?
Not at all. Matter of fact, that night it happened.
I had a couple of people that got in,
they were watching the game and they,
they were saying on the, on the air that, Oh fuck,
he's going to have a problem when he comes out of there.
People are going to go after him, right?
Well,
I come out of that old
causeway street there, that building
next door where we all come out
and the bus was waiting and I
hear these fucking
pug uglies from fucking
I don't know where they were from, probably
fucking
Brewster
Mass or
somewhere out of Springfield.
They, you know, real
fucking Bostonians.
And they're screaming, yelling, drunk.
The next thing I see
out of the corner of my eye,
fucking
and
it was
it was a friend of mine from south boston who is pretty well known
i'll just leave it at that already then uh yeah we can actually we can get to that later or if not
if you don't want to yeah that's fine all right uh okay well we will i guess we can get to that later, or if not, if you don't want to. Yeah, that's fine. All right.
Okay, well, I guess we'll get to that now.
There's a lot of famous pictures of the Stanley Cup.
I think probably one of the more infamous ones is one with you
and James Whitey Bulger in the Stanley Cup.
Now, he was basically your de facto father-in-law at the time, correct?
Yeah.
What was your relationship with him?
Was he intimidating just to see him in person because everybody knew who he was?
What was that like?
I had a great relationship with him.
And I say that, first of all, I didn't fucking marry him.
I married Karen at the time.
And I remember going over to pick her up for the first time.
And I went in and, you know, introduced, blah, blah, blah. i was the first male ever to go in that house
like and no one was allowed in that house and anyway i'm taking her out and we're going for
the door to leave and he goes hey uh chris come here i want to talk to you karen wait in the car
so she went out in the car and and I sat on the couch with him.
And he's got a pistol.
And he goes, listen, here's the deal.
I know you love Karen.
She loves you, blah, blah, blah.
But if she ever wants to break up with you, get away from you,
for whatever reason, just let her go.
Don't ever lay a hand on her.
Be, you know, open doors for all that,
you know, typical dad talk. And I'm there. Yeah, cool. I said, honestly,
you won't have a problem with that. And I said,
you didn't have to pull out a gun to tell me that. And he said, well,
that's the way I do business. I said, okay.
And I go out, get in the car and I'm ready to leave.
And the fucking door opens again. and he leans out the door.
He said, hey, Chris, come here.
So I fucking get out of the car.
I go back in the house, and he fucking peels off
a fucking 10 crispy 100 bill.
He said, here you go.
Have a good night.
And off we were.
But listen, I knew he had some shit going on,
but I kept my nose out of it. And he was very, he didn't want me near any of that shit anyway.
And yeah, he used to come up here and go to games.
He loved coming up here because no one knew who he was.
And he loved watching the Canadians beat the fucking Bruins every year.
Did he really see the Bruins win the cup in Vancouver?
Or is that a myth?
That's a myth.
Okay.
Go ahead, Wendell.
And then he has, when they got him in Santa Monica, whatever, 2011, 12,
he had the Canadians cup ring, right?
Yeah.
I didn't give him that.
Here's the deal. All right him that oh here's the deal all right sorry here's
the deal um i gave my stanley cup ring to my dad the minute i got it he come up to montreal
that year for a game and i gave it to him i have one made for my mother and I had one made for my mother-in-law.
And I don't know where in the hell he got that.
He, I think he reached out to the company and got it made himself.
He loved coming up here to watch the games. He really did. And yeah,
yeah. I, I never gave that to him. I had, I had another ring that when I got traded,
I did my golf tournament.
Serge knew I gave my father my ring, and he called me in the office.
I was up here in the summer doing my tournament for the children's hospital,
and he called me at the hotel.
He said, hey, big boy, come to see me.
So I came to see him at the office.
I'm there.
You fucking asshole traded me.
You know, he said, ah, you put me in a bad spot.
I'm now you, you suck.
I was pissed.
He goes, well, here, I got this made for you.
He got me another.
I know you gave your ring to your father.
So I have one made for you, which was really, it was awesome.
I was almost in tears um over it it was awesome
um other than this i have those rings i gave my father gave his ring to my son christopher
and i have the other ring i mean other than outside the obvious was there any other significance to
giving your father that ring when you first saw him after you'd been presented with it? Just my dad, you know, always being in my corner, you know, making sure
I had skates and equipment, getting me to the rink, all that shit, you know. My father, my hero,
always have been, always will be. Chris, I want to talk about The Last Gladiators for a second.
It was a documentary
from 2011 directed by alex gibney he does a tremendous job with those you really opened up
for that documentary i thought you bared your soul was that a painful process for you to do
or was it somewhat liberating to maybe get it off your chest it was liberating the fucking pain was
before baby let me tell you you know i i end up in a bad place you know um uh the booze and then the
painkillers and then from the painkillers to the heroin um yeah i was in a fucking bad place and
you know i got myself there i don't fucking point no fingers wasn't my daddy it wasn't my daddy. It wasn't my mommy. It wasn't fucking hockey. It was me.
And, you know, I'm grateful that I had some help from the NHL, though, to get out of it, you know, to get to treatment and get well.
I'll forever be grateful to those guys, Dr. Shaw, Dr. Lewis, and Dan Cronin.
I was going to ask you about Bob Ganey as well.
He had a big part in helping you.
You ended up getting sober, and I kind of just go back to that story
you told of when you were on the ice,
and he calmed you down before the penalty shot.
So it seems like he was always the guy there to lift you up
when you needed it most.
Yeah, Bob was that guy, you know, like, fuck, I was very emotional.
I was always get up and go, rah, rah, rah, fucking ready to kill someone.
And Bob was that calming influence.
You know, he always got me to take a breath, you know, when I needed to.
And he was good at that. Bob, Bob Ganey, um, ended up giving me a
card from, uh, for Dan Cronin, the guy from the substance abuse and behavioral health in the NHL.
Bob knew I was having problems and he gave me that card and he said, Chris,
if you ever want to just call this guy, give him a call sometime. Uh, he can help you out. So I thought like, Oh, I'm going to call him.
A guy's going to give me fucking,
maybe they'll give me a check for five grand a month or something.
But that wasn't it. He was,
he was an interventionist with the league and he was going to help me get
sober, which he did.
One other thing you mentioned on the George Strombolopoulos show was during your career,
especially being the fighter, is you had a hard time opening up about your feelings
because you kind of had to keep this hard exterior.
Obviously, probably throughout that whole process, have you learned a lot how to, like,
you know, be a lot more open and, you know, kind of show your feelings off more?
Yeah, you know, listen, I never really had much a problem doing that,
but I knew not to do it around hockey, right?
You know that from your experience, Biz.
It's not like you go there and say, hey, guys, you know,
I don't feel like doing this tonight.
You know, my hands are sore.
Mentally, it's tough tonight for me.
You know, I just knew I couldn't fucking pull that card out
in an NHL locker room.
They just  they fucking laugh at you.
So I would just  you know, I'd have my few beers, settle down, relax.
I love my job.
I love  I didn't have a problem with the fighting i'm not gonna
sit here and tell you fuck it was easy or i wasn't scared or any of that no i was but i love my
fucking job i love sticking up for people i love sticking up for my teammates um yeah and then i
love playing hockey there's nothing like fucking scoring a goal in the NHL. I fucking love to score goals.
And when I would, I'd go bat shit when I'd score a goal.
I loved it.
Are you  try to hop in there, R.A.
Are you happier that the conversation is a little bit more public now
and guys now in an NHL locker room?
I mean, you saw Tuka Rask, where I don't think he was there mentally
in the bubble last year
and also had some family stuff going on
where he did feel like the league is in a place
where he can say that and walk away.
Although, mind you, there was some criticism,
but for people, I think,
who don't have a clue as to what's going on.
Yeah, well, here's the deal.
You know, for him, it came down to his family, right?
His family or his team.
Well, all day, every fucking day, my family comes before my team.
I don't think there's a question of that.
So the people who question that probably don't have a fucking family
or they don't care about their family.
Chris, they talk about some records never being broken uh march 31st
1991 verse hot fit i'm gonna rattle them off holding fighting elbowing roughing misconduct
elbowing instigator on sportsmanlike conduct fighting misconduct 10 total penalties only 42
minutes what do you remember about that night and a partridge and a pear tree i remember it was a game we were playing
half in the playoffs so it was one of them fuck you games at the end of the year who's gonna fuck
who harder and um it got nasty and dirty and um samuelson was running around. I was getting fucking cuckoo. And anyway, Bobby Holik, Herfa had that Holik.
He's coming off the boards.
And I was coming off the bench.
And he had his head down looking at the puck.
And I hit him with an elbow.
I broke his nose.
I got a five-minute major.
I would be fucking out of the league if I did this
like last week. I'd be done.
I'd be in court.
Anyway,
I'd break his nose.
And then the other one
was that little Rob Brown.
No one knows that Rob Brown.
He played in Pittsburgh.
He's a good goal scorer.
Didn't he have 50 goals with Mario?
Yeah, him. Anyway, he played in Pittsburgh. He's a good goal scorer. Didn't he have 50 goals with Mario? Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, him.
Anyway, I didn't know it, but he had,
and everybody hated Rob Brown.
He had that face you fucking hated.
And apparently he was going bald, so he got plugs.
And I didn't know.
Anyway, he come and he fucking tried to get involved with me,
and I just mushed him aside,
and he come back kind of scratching at me.
So I threw him down.
I just grabbed him, ripped his helmet off,
and I grabbed him by the hair,
and I just fucking started pulling his hair out of his head, right?
But I pulled his plugs out.
Oh, Jesus.
He had plugs.
He just must have spent like 10, 20 grand on plugs.
Signing bonus on plugs and you're ripping them out.
Way to go, Chris.
And I get back in the locker room.
I didn't even know.
I was so incensed.
I get back in the locker room and I look.
And I had all hair in between my fingers.
And the trainer, Fridge, said to me, said, Knox, you got hair between.
Is that Rob Brown's hair?
And anyway, I took it out and you could see there were plugs.
And anyway, Fridge taped them up in the room on the whiteboard and he put Rob's plugs. And he taped them on the board.
It was hilarious.
The team come in afterwards.
Everybody was like, because no one liked that little Brown.
And you know what the worst part was?
I met little Brown in Edmonton probably about five years ago.
He's the nicest guy in the world.
Yeah, they always are.
They always are.
Oh, I felt like an asshole.
Oh, shit.
All right, Chris, you're living in Montreal these days,
or just outside Montreal, you said, before we talked?
Yeah.
I want to bring up the Canadians for a minute.
Now, I want to ask you, does the franchise cut itself off at the knees
with their insistence on having a French-speaking coach
and still kind of having that mentality?
Does that hurt the team in the long run?
I do. I think so.
I just don't feel they  listen, not that a French guy can't coach,
and it's not that a French guy can't do the job as a GM,
but I think they limit themselves when they only pick from a small pool of talent.
I just think they limit themselves.
Yeah, it makes sense, the less guys you're picking from.
Also, you mentioned you've been doing a lot of fishing up there.
What kind of fish you pull out of the St. Lawrence up there?
I'm assuming that's where you fish.
No, I'm in the Lake of Two Mountains here.
Oh, no kidding.
It's connected to it, but musky, pike, bass, stuff like that, walleye.
Is it Habs Lunch?
What's your show on the radio?
Mine is off the cuff.
My show's off the cuff.
I do Habs Lunch from noon to 1, and then 1 to 3 is off the cuff, my show.
Can people catch that online anywhere if they're not in Montreal?
Yeah, catch it online.
TSN6 90 Montreal.
Awesome.
Live.
Well,
man, we can't thank you enough for coming on this.
You're right.
This was long overdue.
You owe us a beating for,
for waiting this long,
but it,
it was,
it was awesome to catch up.
Oh,
I appreciate you guys having me on.
I've had,
you know,
certainly I've talked to business for it.
I never got to meet the pink Whitney.
Hey, we'll get together.
And the Rear Admiral.
Knuckles, I always ask the guys on the way out,
is there one story that you have in the bank that you always like sharing
that you think people will get a kick out of?
Because sometimes at the end, it's always fun getting that last one
where it comes off your head. If not, no worries cut it out well here here's one i forgot to mention it
when i would that day we picked lafleur lemare and um lupian up i was in the hallway outside
the canadian locker room in the garden and claude ruel was standing outside their locker room and I said hey listen
I was drafted by you guys to Claude Ruel and I said I'd love to get a pair of tickets up in
Montreal the next game in the playoffs and he said oh I don't take care of this it's the guy over
there and I went over and it was Howard Grumman. His father was the general manager at the time, Irving Grumman.
He came out to St. Paul.
Anyway, I go up to Howard and I say, hey, hey, Howard,
my name's Chris Nyland.
I was drafted by you guys.
I was hoping I could get a couple of tickets the next game up in Montreal,
the Bruins and the Canadians in the playoffs.
He said, you were drafted by us.
What's your name again?
I said, it's Chris Nyland.
So he opens the fucking book.
He goes to the back page.
He looks, he goes, okay.
Yeah, you were drafted, but yep.
19th round right here.
Okay.
Yeah, sure.
We'll get your tickets uh next
next game in montreal so i'm there yeah i run out i tell fran i said fucking right we got the tickets
we drive to montreal we get up there you know fuck i'm still a college guy i didn't have
pot to piss in or a window to throw it out and bang we drive up there i go to the ticket booth i'm there hey you got tickets
for chris and ireland lady leaves she comes back she said yep that'll be 270 dollar no cod 200 cod
got you 70 bucks fuck i didn't have it franny had to put on his card i didn't even have a credit
card they had credit cards back then i didn't i was in fucking college i didn't have it. Franny had to put it on his card. I didn't even have a credit card. They had credit cards back then?
I didn't.
I was in fucking college.
I didn't have a credit card.
Traveler's checks.
Cash.
No cell phones either to call up and yell at him fucking right away.
That was your signing bonus.
My signing bonus?
7,500.
Times have changed, buddy. 7,500 and 7,500. Times have changed.
7,500
and 60,000 my first year.
Canadian.
The past one, it was worth
more than the U.S. dollar.
Chris, like I said, it's been
a while, man, but it was well worth the wait.
I feel like we could do this for probably two
hours with you, but the story's been unreal. It's been a blast having you on.
I think people are really going to enjoy it.
So thanks so much for coming on with us and sharing so many crazy stories
with us. It's been a pleasure.
Appreciate it. You guys say great to meet you and good luck with the show.
It's awesome. You guys do a great job.
Man, huge. Thanks to knuckles. It's been a long time coming.
I talked to Chris probably two years ago about coming on,
and it finally came together.
Hopefully you guys were as entertained by that interview as I was.
Bruins must have scored.
People yelling in the background.
I can hear it.
I don't have the game on, though.
I get distracted.
I can't put the game on when I'm doing the show.
I get too distracted.
Somebody's got to correct.
Who's yelling at the TV right now?
I don't know. I can't
see from here. One of the neighbors, Biz. One of the guys
down the street, you know.
What kind of sucks sometimes
in the playoffs is if, depending on who your
provider is, if you're all watching the game
at the same time and the Bruins score, but there's
people across the street, their cables
two seconds ahead of yours, you'll hear them
cheer right before the goal happens in front of you on TV.
So you got to be careful.
You got to be careful.
Tell me if I'm Boston without telling me if I'm Boston.
That's another one of those moments.
It's like, ah, they ruined the game for us.
I know.
People.
At least my pet squirrel cheer me up.
That was the worst Boston accent.
I'll put on a the department again anyways.
People are going to be horrified.
They're going to need to fucking translate it between me and Niall in this episode.
Speaking of the departed in Boston, Ben Affleck, Tim and J-Lo are bumping back again.
What?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Weren't they married before?
Never married, but they were a big item.
They were an item hey so hey so uh
vancouver there was a strip club there called brandy's and it was like it was high class though
they used to do like the silk de soleil shows the women were were gorgeous but eventually they would
get nude it wasn't like they were like it wasn't going like lundy's lane in nagger falls firing
toonies they're not doing like beaver clap shows right in the front row center,
like squirt waterworks in your eye,
bringing home the goods.
Anyway, I think he ended up going home
with a brandy stripper,
and he ended up getting busted.
That's why him and J-Lo broke up the first time.
So it was like in Vancouver,
like it was kind of like the news then
when it was happening.
He's a guy's guy. He's guy my director savage yeah my director a uh director hey speaking uh who who directed
gone girl that was david fincher the awesome david fincher direct have you ever have you ever heard
about the the the fallout on the set of that for like two days so in the in the script he had him wearing
a new york yankees hat and ben affleck showed up that day and he's like what's this and they're
like ac affleck no ben oh ben affleck gone girl not gone baby gone gone girl with um remember the
one is it called gone girl already yeah it's gone girl you didn't see the one when his wife like fakes her own disappearance and tries to frame him oh and he's with that young
rocket yeah yeah yeah yeah yes yes yes obviously a little bit tapped yes yes and fakes her own
death but okay go ahead sorry no no no no worries uh so he the director in the script had a new york yankees
hat on the guy and obviously ben affleck hadn't looked that much into the script so he he's like
well no i'm not i'm not wearing that like just give me like a black hat and he's and apparently
the director is so detailed about everything where they had a falling out like two days
they had a standoff so finally the director and the director called them unprofessional.
Where I was like, come on.
Like, why does he, so they, you know what they agreed on with after two days?
A Mets hat.
That's how much this guy's from Boston.
That's how much the Mets suck.
Who do you think is, well, who do you think is, is being more unreasonable?
I think like, who cares what hat he is being more unreasonable i think like who cares
what hat he's wearing in that scene really right yeah i mean you're hired to play the role you
you're supposed to wear the costumes like when i went to his set for the town i had to wear the
apron i didn't say i don't want to wear that apron i'm gonna wear the apron oh my god
hey we need a chef. Oh, yeah.
I kind of don't want to or the cook.
I kind of don't want to wear the
I mean, I'm not wearing a white
apron. It's not flattering. Yeah, I want
an extra two inches on my horn, too.
It's part of the costume, man.
You wear it. And here's the funny part. Like the Mets
are no fucking better. Like he was around in
86. That was the most horrific thing. That was
more horrific than 2003. I think it has to do with the rivalry and how much he's going to be imagine having to
deal with that every time like like some people constantly bringing that up i think that's he was
he didn't want to be a meme yeah and i think at that point in his career wit would you agree that
he was big enough to be like yeah i don't want to be a meme director well he was he was he the movie came out and he wasn't wearing the yankees lid yeah suck on that
fincher suck on that man hey but yeah he's back hey what uh did you ever get the story with what
why do you get that massive back tattoo did you ever see that i think he had a little midlife
crisis going on didn't he yeah a couple of them yeah i think there was one point there
was one point where i think he gained a ton of weight i don't know if it was for a role or not
but he no judge no judging well yeah no no but i mean like for a guy who i think a lot of times
you've seen him over the past 20 years ripped he you know he decided to get a fucking fiery Falcon on his back.
Like a Phoenix.
So, so we, we've talked about on the podcast before Raya.
It's a, it's like a, a little bit of an exclusive dating app.
You have to go through a process and already accepted.
I'll be, so I was on it for a hot minute.
It was a time waster in my opinion. these chicks were probably like no this guy's a fucking
creature how do you get on this thing uh anyway uh he was on it and he matched with a girl and
i think the girl unmatched him thinking like there's no way this is actually so he found her
on instagram and he and he sent her a video being like hey why'd you unmatch me it's actually me
and she ended up posting it on social so like so obviously
everybody had an opinion about it which oh yeah he was obviously he's obviously still chasing it
right uh but then i guess the the debate rose up like hey like you know maybe he was just trying
to break the ice and and you know and and now now he's kind of being, you know, his private matters
are being dragged out through the mud online.
Like, do you think that was gutless on her half to release the video?
Yeah, but, dude, nowadays you're sending somebody a video
and you're that famous?
Yeah.
It's on you, dude.
Yeah, he was taking that girl from Knives Out,
what's it, Anna Diamus, the little very attractive woman.
I don't know the girl you're thinking of, though.
Knives Out was better than I thought it would be, actually.
Yeah, it was very good.
Could you imagine her face, though?
Like, hey, hey, why'd you unmatch me?
It's actually me.
What the fuck, guys?
Hopefully she at least crushed him, and then she released it after,
and she wasn't just releasing this video, and I'm still not going to hook up with you.
That's an L for Ben Affleck if he didn't get in the end.
Well, I mean, that's like, yeah, but then you go back to you saying
that the Caps and the Rangers, you know, that squash came off even
because then he ends up with Jennifer Lopez.
Well, here's the thing.
So she just got done with A-Rod.
Maybe this is his flexinging his boston red socks
muscles getting getting back after dude i didn't think of that that's that would totally fucking
drive a guy crazy that's how boss that's one for the city of boston right there
ben affleck's middle finger to the yanke The best thing that ever happened was that trade, that A-Rod trade, didn't go down.
A-Rod was a Red Sox technically.
Oh, really?
Yeah, the league canceled the deal.
Why?
The league said for some reason, I don't know if it was the money that...
They went Kovalchuk on him?
Yeah, I don't know how it ended up going down,
but he was going to be on the Red Sox.
All right.
Well, enough about Ben Affleck.
J-Lo's bum's the cathedral of the Bronx.
We've got to get him on this podcast.
Oh, one more.
Did you see the movie with him last year, The Way Back,
when he played the alcoholic basketball coach?
Yes, yes.
Phenomenal movie, man.
Tugged at the heartstrings.
Good movie.
He was so good in that.
Yeah, he got a little bit of Oscar buzz.
He was really good in that.
Yeah, he's a talented dude. All right. The movie I think he was filming was called in that. Yeah, he got a little bit of Oscar buzz. He was really good in that. Yeah, he's a talented dude.
All right, the movie I think he was filming was called Paycheck.
Have you ever seen it when he was in Vancouver?
It's a terrible movie.
Brutal?
Yeah, which is ironic.
He spent the whole thing at the Rippers.
Well, that's when he was in his paycheck mode.
Like, you know, him and Matt went two different ways.
Like, Ben chased all the, well, no pun intended, chased all the paychecks,
whereas Matt kind of went a different ways. Ben chased all the well, no pun intended, chased all the paychecks whereas Matt kind of went a different
route, but hey, I ain't going to smirch him for
fucking taking a 20 million payday.
All right, boys. Hey,
SimpliSafe is an award-winning
home security system. So you
know it's engineered with the latest technology you want
to keep your family safe, but what
really sets SimpliSafe apart is
its people, highly trained security
experts who are always there for you when you need them most.
These are people who truly care about keeping you safe.
If when an alarm goes off, Simply Safe has somebody there right away that cares about you and your situation, and they'll get fire, police, and or EMTs right out to you.
Or even if you're just having a problem setting things up, which you shouldn't because I got this thing done pretty quickly, a person who cares is going to be there to help you out with a friendly chat and a quick
resolution. The bottom line is, when you need them the most, SimpliSafe is there 24-7 with people who
care and experts trained to not only keep you safe, but to make you feel safe. To learn more
about how SimpliSafe can help protect you and your family, visit SimpliSafe.com slash chicklets today
to customize your system and get a free security camera. You also get a 60-day risk-free trial,
so there's nothing to lose. That's SimpliSafe.com slash chicklets. Check them out to keep your
homestead safe. Gee, I dropped some other merch too. We talked about the bucket hats already,
Gee, I dropped some other merch, too.
We talked about the bucket hats already, but my favorite casino in Florida,
R.A.'s Casino at Daytona Beach.
We dropped some nice T-shirts, some blue, yellow ones, nice summer colors.
Also, a nice high-quality hoodie.
Some of those summer nights sitting around the campfire,
it gets a little chilly, you want to stay warm.
Why not pick up an R.A.'s Casino hoodie? Biz, I want to see you in one of these bad boys.
Hey, so I'm going to get more involved in merch we did that collab with uh noble gentlemen uh you know now that the coyotes uh
season's over me and grinnelli are going to start cooking in the lab i like doing this stuff it's
fun our fans like it too some people get a little negative on twitter but whatever standard yeah but
hey we're we're crushing it great job g um you mentioned the pink whitney bucket hat i got
that on the latest sandbagger which will be coming out next week uh as early as sunday
we're seeing what's going to happen with the nhl schedule for playoffs um are for you those you
watching on youtube right now ra has it on look kind of looking like a little bit like large from breaking bad guy
uh the heisenberg heisenberg nice one way oh i'm the one who knocks but uh we're taking on
jose theodore and uh ed jovanoski jovo cop so we're going to be taking off them in the latest
sandbagger uh me and wit coming off a tough loss against commodore and whitney we need to bounce back so uh posture i'll have that ready for either sunday we might drop it monday and i guess
maybe the latest tuesday g eventually yeah but we're aiming for sunday it's all the conversation
before we had where we were gonna say like just any day next week right but we said as early as sunday that's actually but then you just said
tuesday being the latest possible time
next the tuesday possible time yeah exactly plus one with maybe wednesday spider okay well either
way the sandbaggers coming and it's the latest version and we hope you enjoy and we'll see you next week. Live on the chat.
Whit being the bozo that he is.
And back to you, R.A.
Jovo and Jose.
That's a pair that beats a full house.
Holy shit.
Those guys are a fucking couple of characters.
That's going to be funny stuff.
It's classic.
Definitely want to check it out.
All right.
Playoffs are not set yet as far as the dates, but we know most of the matchups and I'm
fired up for this one.
It's been 27 years in the making.
Florida and Tampa Bay are finally going to play in the playoffs.
I can't believe it's taken this long.
I think people thought this was going to happen in the 90s.
Definitely looking forward to this one.
I'm going to rattle off a few other series we're looking at.
St. Louis and Vegas, that should happen at this point,
more than likely than not, barring some crazy miracle.
Minnesota, Colorado is another one.
Nashville, Carolina. What a fucking run by nashville man on march 14th they were 11 16 and one and uh per dom lucision who does all the analytics at the athletic does a great job with
that stuff even if i don't understand most of it they had a two percent chance back on march 14th
making the playoffs they went 19 7 and 1 since. They were able to get in over Dallas.
Yeah, that's a per-dom decision, man.
That guy's a numbers whiz.
Dude, I'd fire their coach. It was at 2 and they went 19-7-1?
Yeah, 19-7-1 since.
I feel like 2 would then need, like, better than that.
Like, right?
Like 25-1-1. they might base it off of strength of
schedule based on the teams are playing um standings at that point in time like either
way either way a great run a great run yeah we were talking about their coach getting canned
we thought he was the next one to drop he yeah you know next next thing you know that his uh
sorrows has to be up for the vesna could he win it i haven't been following the goalie race i know vasilevsky's always playing
out of his mind so yeah he struggled a little bit lately though that that's an interesting
uh question biz yes saros may have well inserted himself into the conversation uh quickly going
back to florida and tampa we got some extraracurriculars. Mackenzie Wiega got a 5,000 fine for high-sticking Matthew Joseph.
Cracked him right in the face.
Brandon Montoya got a fine, five grand for spearing Maroon.
He got him right in the plums.
And then I don't know if you saw the clip, guys.
They were separated by the officials, and someone read the lips,
and they think he might have said, fat Pat.
I'm quoting a tweet, tweet, Pat, don't get mad at me.
And he snapped and went after him when he was already separated by the officials.
Maroon ended up getting a one-game sussy for going after Uyghur
after the officials had separated him.
So I think that could be a little precursor to what we're going to get
from the series, man.
These two teams, I think they're playing again right now.
They're going to probably already hate each other going into the series.
So I can't wait.
Two other teams.
I think 10-game sussy for Montour for fat shaming,
fat Pat.
What do you think?
Get the people online,
get,
get people online going.
He'll be kicked out of the league too.
I'm going to,
I'm going to be leading the fucking charge.
Did you see the picture?
Phil,
a Phil Kessel out there.
You got 900.
Yeah.
Incredible.
Unreal.
That that's, that's somebody put them next to Kessler's the body issue. You got 900? Yeah, incredible. Unreal.
Somebody put him next to Kessler's, the body issue.
Yeah, 900 points.
Montour, 10-gamer.
I'm going to start the petition now.
We'll get an online thing going.
It's amazing, though, that Florida and Tampa have never met, and now, finally, we're going to see those two go at it in the playoffs.
I don never met. And now finally, we're going to see those two go at it in the playoffs. And I don't know, like, I think Florida is happy to play them
because against Carolina, they just get their show run,
whereas they've had success against Tampa all year.
And it's so different.
Quenville even mentioned the fact that Stamkos and Kucherov are coming back.
You know, I think his quote was something like,
all of a sudden we're going against a pair.
You know, he's got aces.
He was dealt aces playing Texas Hold'em.
And so I think it's going to be a little different than their regular season
matchups, but I can't wait to see the crowds because that is a state where you
could see a little madness in terms of those two teams meeting up for hopefully
seven games.
Now, RA, did you mention, I might've blacked out for a quick second there.
The fact that the ice crew was on the ice when,
when Pat Maroon and Montour got into it no i i didn't mention that aspect so like
the they had the shovels out there on the ice and they had to hold up by the bench to wait
watch them uh to scrum it out so uh somebody somebody posted a pretty funny picture online
that they were holding up and there was like 50 people on the ice getting to watch it front row
and center that that picture of keso is great like he's holding up the puck it was like 50 people on the ice getting to watch it front row and center. That picture of Kessel was great.
Like he's holding up the puck.
It was like, hey, ma'am, I found this puck and you carbureted.
Don't worry, I fixed it.
I took care of that.
I replaced the filters as well while I was in there.
Who posted that?
No, I just said it now.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah, people were saying, what does this guy do for a living?
Wrong answers only.
And it lit up.
I think it was Catherine Silverman.
She works for the Coyotes.
She follows him as a writer.
So, oh, my God, what a picture.
And, hey, congratulations to him.
Holy shit, man.
What a bounce back year for him.
20 tucks with.
Hey, so the Coyotes fans get free tacos, three free tacos,
if we score a third period goal
guess how many third period goals this guy had this year 18 13
out of 20 giving the people what they want fuck give them 10 give them 10 million bring them back
if he could do that again give everyone free tacos in the valley oh shit ufa no he's got one more year left oh
okay well yeah don't follow me there's the analyst there's the analyst uh one of the series
again it's not solidified yet i'm praying we get it montreal toronto i mentioned it before these
two teams haven't played since 79 uh obviously it goes without saying two original six canadian teams
uh winnipeg edmonton that's the other one that's not really quite official yet uh and then the
east division that's really pretty much still up for grabs pittsburgh they won the division after
catching fire um but there's still a lot of games left the islanders are in fourth right now they
could still catch boston who could still catch washington um lots of stuff still going on there
so obviously we'll keep you posted,
even though if we don't know when the playoffs are going to start.
A whole bunch of milestones, man.
A lot of nice stuff I was saying to Biz.
A lot of emotional scenes in the last week, but good emotional scenes,
not all sad stuff.
David Backus, you know, didn't play a ton over the last couple of years.
Anaheim was in St. Louis the other night, and he got in.
Obviously he's going to be his last game and they interviewed him
after the game, Darren Pang did.
And they had his family on the jumbo trotting. I mean,
he was just bubbling over what emotion, just a beautiful scene though.
I mean, he's a guy you played against for years.
Yeah. I got to play with him a little bit and for him to see his whole career
and have that last game in St. Louis go down the way it did.
It was, it was really cool for him
because I think it was probably hard when St. Louis decided to move on and the Bruins brought
him in and the concussions, it just, it took us tall on him, right? And I don't think he was the
same player in Boston as people thought they were getting. But when you look back at how hard that
guy played, I'll just never forget when before the 2010 olympics i think he fought three or four guys on canada leading up to the tournament it was like
he was a pain in the ass to play against he was heavy hard and and he made the blues really good
for a long time so it's cool to see that send off yeah and and based on the based on how the back
nine was and not knowing how his send-off would be because we know we talk about
it all the time you never you never know how it's gonna end like you know we didn't have
we didn't have like awesome stories you know it was kind of sad in a sense and he got to i think
he's one of those guys that deserved a proper one and for him to get the proper one in st louis and
a great post-game interview with darren pang as well to cap it all off and an emotional video on
the jumbotron with his family.
He rescues dogs.
He's just one of the nicest guys ever.
We spent a little bit of time with him at St. Louis camp.
So, yeah, definitely a very emotional scene, R.A.
And another guy, we already kind of gave him his flowers last week,
Ryan Miller.
I mean, when he had started a game before,
a few outlets said that was going to be his last start.
Well, that last start, that turned out not to be true.
He did end up starting Sunday mother's day.
And then another emotional scene,
he meets up with his parents,
his last game ever NHL career.
And he just kind of breaks down into his parents' arms on mother's day
to another one.
Again,
there's a very emotional scene,
but,
but not the bad kind of emotional scene.
He probably looked exactly like he did when he was playing minor
hockey when he you know after a game when he would get emotional as mom in his mom's arms it was cool
and and it was a perfect angle because you just see a melt and and they both console him it was
a cool moment and um yeah that that was online as well so yeah all right you're putting a very
emotional twist on this what's the altitude right here? Are we flying?
Are we in the air?
I'm going to put on a sad movie.
I'll stop bawling.
All right, going to rattle off some of the milestones here.
Feel free to jump in if you want.
Andrzej Kopita, he did hit 1,000 points since the last episode.
We did figure he would do that.
We rattled off all the stats last week.
Congrats to him for making history.
Austin Matthews has hit 40 goals.
What's crazy about him?
40 goals, Biz, not one of them was an empty netter.
All 40 of them were not pure goals.
I mean, the fucking emptiness of pure goals, too,
but it's pretty crazy for 40 goals and not one of them an empty netter.
Yeah, you think he'd have the old Ally Afraidy quote?
No, that's not funny.
I thought that was Brett Hull.
No, it was Ally Afraid was ally afraid yeah that was a little
over the top um well uh hey we can't just glance over kopitar oh my goodness talk about a guy who
played a very very very good 200 foot game who was able to put up points as well uh he's still
he still looks as good as ever yeah i think he's pumping at a point again
a point again per pace this year and uh what what a career keep fucking going him and eichel one two
punch wow stat in rumors uh let's see calgary um elon lucic he waved his no move clause so that he
can be exposed in the seattle draft uh it would bring him closer to home in Vancouver.
So, you know, I guess a gesture that will help the team and help him as well.
So he could very well be on the cracker next year.
And he could do a lot worse than Milan Lucic
to have some nice veteran leadership to teach guys
how to be pros in the room as well.
Hey, remember what England did for Vegas at the beginning?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
And Lucic is similar.
I mean, he's been around for so long. He plays a hard
style. I think that's great. Good for him.
Oh, yeah. He won
a cup with Boston in Vancouver
and now he's going to be shitting on them again while
running Vancouver's prospects
every night.
That's going to be a
blast of a rivalry.
I think it's a two-hour
drive. They should just make a tram from rink to rink.
He's going to do a Jedi mind trick.
He'll be like, I won't take Luchich if you give me your next six
number one overall picks.
I tried to do what Vegas did to everybody a couple years ago.
Fucking fooled them into giving up more than they needed to.
Dallas Stars were in the Stanley Cup final last year.
They will not make the playoffs this year.
The last team to make a Stanley Cup final and not make the playoffs the next year
was the 2015 LA Kings.
Oh, they went hard.
They had some injuries this year.
They obviously lost Ben Bishop.
Well, they partied their dicks off.
Yeah, they had the short break.
Just take the year off.
And also, we want to give a tip of the cap to Tyler Sagan.
He had that video.
I think he dropped on Instagram and Twitter.
He had two major surgeries and battled back.
And I mean, you see him when he can't even stand on it.
And then he kind of gradually builds it up.
Whatever the song was playing.
I'm not sure you guys probably know,
but it was just a really cool video.
And it gives you an idea of, you know,
what these guys go through and what they put themselves through just to get
back on the ice, to get back to playing.
It was pretty inspirational stuff. So thanks for sharing that tyler and hopefully you feel well
enjoy your summer as well uh we just talked about kessel's 900th game uh biz obviously i knew you
want to talk about him nipping out the picture we didn't get to that part hey and he told me to put
that in the no it was his 900th point i think he's played 1100 games has 900 900 900th straight game i believe okay so
kessels hit the 500 assist milestone this year he's played how many games has he played 1100
uh i could pull it up while we're talking but point being you wanted to talk about his nipples
being hot in the picture that's all yeah no i i just thought we'd already covered the picture
but i don't think we mentioned the fact
that his nipples were hard as rock so there was just so many elements don't even say it hello
so he's hit pretty much every milestone including tacos for everyone in the valley so
1100 games biz yeah he got 1100 games this year he got 900 points 500 assists and 900 straight
games so it's like i felt like every
game we were announcing a phil kessel milestone all the palm highly 13 free talk 13 times free
that's crazy more importantly nipples as hard as rocks this is a crazy stat though uh the night he
played his 900th straight game marlo played his 909th straight and per sports radar, this was
the first time in NHL, MLB
or NBA history that
two players with ongoing streaks
of 900 plus games appeared
in the same game together, either as
teammates or opponents. Pretty
wild stuff. I mean, I don't know who keeps track
of all these fucking stats. God bless them.
There's a ton of them, but
Frank Fleming
keeps track of it all.
Oh, my God.
Fucking crazy Mets fan.
I got the Frank Fleming experience up close at headquarters last week.
Let's see.
Rattling through the notes here.
Kiel McCaw, first defenseman in franchise history to get 40 points in each
of his first two seasons to start his career.
Just kid keeps piling it on.
Who knows what the future holds for him.
What year is the first time he doesn't get 40 points, Biz?
Never.
I'm going to say 2034.
Well, based on points per game, I would say he's,
I think he's going to be a point per game player moving forward.
I think he's figured it out.
He's like, We talk about him.
He's the McDavid on the back end.
Cole Caulfield, just the third player ever whose first two goals
came in overtime.
Brent Seabrook did it as well, and a guy, Albert Hughes, did it in 1930,
but when he did it, overtime wasn't sudden death,
so technically it wasn't a game-winning goal.
Congrats to Blake Wheeler on his 800th point
and to Mark Schiefle on his 500th point.
Or is it 501st?
21st?
How do you say it, Biz?
21th.
21th.
21th hundredth.
Congrats to Pasta.
He hit 200 goals.
He's just the third active guy to score 200 goals
and 20 playoff goals before his 25th birthday.
The other two guys
Sid Crosby and Alexander Ovechkin pretty nice company for pasta and David Perron he played
his 900th game 600th as a blue he also got a 600th point in his 400th as a blue that's a guy
man he just keeps chugging along he's been around for a while it seems like he's been a league for
like 20 years I know it hasn't been that long so uh just some milestones you wanted to make a note
of and hold on I gotta grab a make a note of. And hold on.
I got to grab a little.
I got to grab a prop.
Hold on.
In the meantime, Whit, did you watch the under 18 clips?
Oh, you got it.
Okay, sir.
Body armor.
I was slugging this stuff all week down New York last week.
You guys check this stuff out.
You must have got some of the scents here, right, Biz?
Strawberry banana, tropical punch.
Summer's just about here.
That means more sweat
you want i don't want to stay hydrated do that with our favorite sports drink body armor today's
athlete deserves more than just your grandfather's tired old salty sports drink which is full of
artificial dyes and the body armor made with potassium packed electrolytes antioxidants and
b vitamins plus no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes.
Bodyama sports drink provides hardworking hydration and more.
Plus, it tastes great.
My favorite flavor this week, right here, strawberry banana.
Good stuff.
Bodyama helps today's athletes stay on top of their game.
Bodyama is available for purchase in-store and on Amazon right now.
Like I said, it's loaded with everything you need and tastes great.
Learn more at bodyama.com. said, it's loaded with everything you need and tastes great.
Learn more at body armor.com.
Again, check it out.
Good stuff.
Keep yourself hydrated.
Starting to get warm around here.
I knew you have been sweating your ass off all summer out in the desert biz,
but starting to get toasty up here.
That was such an organic transfer that I didn't even know you were in the midst of an ad read.
I was trying to hop in and talk about the under 18 wit.
Have you seen anything about the
shane wright and connor bedard kid yeah i've heard about both of them this bedard oh my god it's it's
it's 2000 is it 23 draft or 24 i think he's got two so he's an un he's a double underager in the
western league first time ever first time ever and led the league in scoring led the
league in scoring and hey apparently he can chirp too he's just the cockiest little shit out there
just fucking he's yeah oh yeah he's the he's the total package he's 15 years old dominating the
the under 18s and i think there was a r Russian player that lit it up that's his same draft. Yes, yes.
2023 win.
2023.
And that Russian kid, I think he led the whole tournament with
maybe in scoring or in goals.
I think he had 12 tucks.
So you get another  it's going to be another
Spezza Kovalchuk.
Yes, that's a better example.
I was going to say more of like a a sid uh an ovi type battle
kind of coming up like a new russian canadian like although the gold bedard scored when he
went to his backhand and just shelf like i was like uh he's 15 pardon years old so i didn't see
i i think i i mean i don't know i've heard more about him than Wright, but I know Wright, I think he's 22 drafts.
So it's
Wright's in that special category as well because he was a double underager
in the O, but the one thing he does have is he does have size on Bedard.
I'm not saying that's the end-all, be-all.
This is a  I mean, you see what, like, Mitch Marner can do
in the National Hockey League and the year that he's having
and how he's cracked the code.
I'm not like fully blown in on size,
but that right kid's a little bit bigger.
Like they see him, maybe you can get like another McKinnon.
Which, fuck, man.
Put 10 more of those in the league?
Let's go, baby.
We'll have more McDavid highlights.
We got some good news for the players
who are going to be in the playoffs.
The NHL is going to relax their COVID-19 protocol for fully vaccinated teams
in the playoffs, according to a memo distributed to clubs on Friday.
The modified protocol will allow playoff-bound players greater freedoms
with regards to masks, testing, team meetings, gatherings, travel,
and even as much as golfing, which jealousy is not in the league anymore.
It's kind of interesting because Robin Laina said,
we said a while back that we were promised something.
Bill Dilley said,
you weren't promised it.
And then a week later,
it's like,
oh,
here you go.
Here's the,
here's the protocols changes.
We said,
so I don't know.
Point Laina on that one.
I don't know.
I'm not trying to piss the NHL off,
but clearly,
clearly that's what happened here.
Not that he bitched him around,
but there were promises made and it looks like the NHL finally owned up to them.
Let's see.
Jack Capuano named head coach of the 2021 U.S. men's national team,
which, by the way, Conor Garland just joined them as well, too, Biz.
His first international taste.
How about this one with Michael Bunting, who got called up with 20 games left?
He scored 10 goals.
He went on a nice run.
He actually got the invite
because there's not as many players going this year because they've experienced the kind of the
bubble life in the nhl so enough guys said no where they they got so how about that you go from
go from playing in the american league up till like the second half of the season you finally
get your your call you light the lamp and next thing you know you're representing canada internationally he's fast dude i i liked his game he got in the mix he was i i remember
watching one coyotes game and just like hockey db him and reading some stuff like who is this guy
competes good instincts willing to go to the hard areas uh like good along the walls responsible
enough defensively um and yeah he's know, he works his bag off.
So good for him, man.
What a couple months this must have been for him.
We've got some news on the TV front as well.
Of course, the NHL is going to be on ESPN and TNT next season.
Kenny Albert and Eddie Olchek, they're going to be the lead pair on TNT.
And it looks like ESPN snag Ray Ferraro and Brian Boucher
to do the analysis on TNT. It looks like ESPN snag Ray Ferraro and Brian Boucher to do the analysis
on that network.
And where does 99 Wayne Gretzky,
apparently ESPN,
I don't,
I guess I don't think talk to him,
but apparently they couldn't come to a deal.
And then I guess TNT has got their eyes on him.
I don't know if Wayne's done TV before to any large extent or any analysis
for the folks at home,
but we'll keep our eyes on that as well
uh buffalo sabers uh rick jennarette he's been calling games 50 fucking years man 50 years he's
been doing it so we want to congratulate him probably shouldn't just swore like that but
it's very impressive to do that uh for one team for 50 years he's i got a voice you know if you're
not familiar with buffalo once you hear it you know that's him of course the mayday callback in
93 is epic stuff so congrats to rick that's a hell of an accomplishment um this was another unique uh
story too biz well i get what a little note or whatever there are two ahl dual affiliations that
will have their nhl parent teams matching up in the first round in other words teams had to share
ahl teams this year and carolina and nashville they shared shared Chicago in the AHL and their fight playing
each other in Florida and Tampa Tampa Bay I can't fucking talk today they shared Syracuse and they're
facing each other too so it's weird you might have guys who were teammates earlier uh facing each
other in the playoffs I know it's probably a bit of a long shot but either way just a weird little
quirky note not as crazy as the 900 games and 909 games play at the same,
in the same game,
but close.
All right,
gang.
Hey,
if you're a business owner,
who's hiring,
you probably face a lot of challenges when it comes to finding the right
person for your role.
Not enough applicants,
not enough qualified,
too much to sort through,
not knowing when to post positions or where to post them.
Well,
that's why hiring can feel like trying to find a needle in a haystack.
Sure. You can post the job to some job board, but then all you have to do is hope the right guy comes along. That's why you should try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com
slash checklists. When you post a job on ZipRecruiter, it gets sent out to over 100
top job sites with one click. Then ZipRecruiter's matching technology finds the right people and invites them to apply.
In fact, ZipRecruiter is so effective that four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter
get a quality candidate within the first day. It's no wonder over 2.3 million businesses have
come to ZipRecruiter for their hiring needs. So while other companies overwhelm you with too many
options, ZipRecruiter finds you what you're looking for,
the needle in the haystack.
And right now, you can try ZipRecruiter for free
at ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Once again, remember to go to this unique place,
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, ZipRecruiter,
the smartest way to hire.
All right, G, I mentioned I was down in New York City last week
doing some stuff down at headquarters.
We played the Dozen Trivia, Jeff D. Lowe.
He started this in quarantine just for a time killer,
just to entertain people who were stuck at home.
And it became a huge thing down at Bosco,
so much so that he basically turned it into a game show.
A bunch of staff flew in from all over the place.
Me, Witt, and Biz, we played our first game last week.
That's going to air tonight, Tuesday night at 7 o'clock on barstoolsports.com.
We can't say more than that, how we make out.
We can't say to watch our first game tonight at 7.
And also, G, I went on Erica's show, Token CEO,
and G told me to pitch my trip.
I talked about it on here before, me and my buddy Lodge, who covers boxing and does a bunch of other stuff at Barstool. We want to me to pitch my trip. I talked about it on here before me and my buddy Lodge,
who covers boxing, does a bunch of other stuff at Barstool. We want to go to Ireland in August
to go over and film some content. And so I don't know. Let's roll that pitch, G. See how it sounds.
OK, so I heard you want to go to Ireland. Yes. OK, pitch time. Yeah. Me and Lodge,
we talked about it kind of shooting the shit a few months back.
Were you drunk shooting this shit or no?
No, I don't think we were in person. So probably not. Well, anyway, I can't speak for Lodge. I can speak for myself. But yeah, we just think, you know, we see, you know, other co-workers take trips here and there. And they, you know, they basically, like, they'll throw a pitch out, say this is what we want to do. So me and Lodge, actually I wrote a bunch of shit in my laptop,
but basically we could fly into either Shannon or Dublin.
I think me and Lodge are two very strong personalities that people generally like.
He's kind of like the Boston version of me.
I'm sort of like the Brooklyn version of me.
I'm sort of the Boston version of him.
Two old guys carrying a little extra in the middle, bald glasses.
We kind of look like brothers.
So I think if you're a flu to Ireland and we just kind of woke up
and had an adventure every day, I mean, I could list 15,
20 different places we could potentially go.
But I think if we got a proper sponsor that would, you know,
however that works, I don't know, usually handles all that shit,
and say, all right, if we get a sponsor,
I think it would be a no-brainer to send us.
What's the pitch to the sponsor?
You're going to have two funny guys go around eating, drinking,
probably mostly the west of Ireland,
and go to all these little hole-in-the-wall spots.
I think you can make a plan, but I think somewhere, a place like Ireland,
it's almost like you wake up and go to a pub,
and then something might happen that day.
If you've got the cameras running, you can get some gold content.
So it's like, hey, why don't you send us to go get drunk for two weeks
and be on camera?
Well, that was my original thought, but Lodge can't do two weeks, so it's more like five, six days.
Oh, a compressed drinking schedule.
Very more compressed than I originally planned.
But even so, I think we can go there, whether we want to bomb around and drive four hours a day or just kind of stay in one little area.
I've been to Ireland.
Obviously, his parents are from there.
I think there's tons of potential for good content
What do you think that
Dave Portnoy would say to this pitch?
Probably want a little more detail
on it
I could literally
name 17 places
a bunch of Irish names
we can go to the Cliffs of Moher
up to Donegal, Dublin obviously
there's the Guinness factory.
That sounds like a great vacation.
Yeah, I mean, but that's the thing.
It's not really a vacation.
It's not a vacation.
Have you been to Ireland?
I have not been to Ireland.
Well, if you had driving and you're the one in Ireland, it's not a vacation.
Now, obviously, we'll have a cameraman.
We wouldn't make him drive.
But it's like it's a lot of travel.
It's like, you know, it's fun and adventure and all that.
But it's, you know, it gets to be a grind when you drive it across the country.
Do you remember when Riggs went to London?
Do you remember this?
So when I first got here my first week, I think Riggs was in London and he had the he had like an American jumpsuit on.
And I was trying to make sense of Barstool and just like who was who.
And there was no list of who worked here.
So it was like it was just trying to figure it out.
And I just remember being like, what the fuck?
I forgot about that.
Yeah, that kind of put Riggs on the map quite a bit.
It did.
He was covering Brexit.
Yeah, and he fooled everybody because he had sunglasses on.
Yes.
Then everybody saw him come home and was like, oh, okay.
There's Riggs.
That's Riggs.
All right, so you want to do the same thing?
Yeah, I don't mean, he was kind of more of a man on the street thing, I think, with his thing.
And that was a very unique...
Oh, do you want to do man on the street or no?
No, no.
I mean, we could possibly do it.
I think what he was there for was kind of set up for man on the street thing.
Yeah.
But I think we could, like, wake up, go to...
Vlog style.
Like, vlog style.
Like, actually...
Vlog style.
Okay, got it.
Oh, let's get your pitch there, all right.
No, I actually stole Lodge's quote because that's why I brought my laptop in.
Oh, okay.
Let's do this.
Let's get real.
Where is it?
Do you want me to hold that for you?
Here, I can help you with that.
Seriously.
This came together very quick.
Do you have the pass123 password?
It's not too far from that.
Yeah, that's everybody's password.
Okay, so use Lodge's words.
I think it would make for some charming video diary.
Okay.
Yeah, I think me and Lodge play well together.
It's our ancestral homeland.
And it's like a place of adventure.
There's like a spirit of adventure when you go there.
So maybe we should pitch it to, like, the Ireland Tourism Board.
Wouldn't be a bad idea.
Right?
A little too American mix over there.
Or, like, Guinness.
No, they would.
That's who they want to come over.
I mean, I'd be down for it.
Here we go.
Cliffs of Moher, Doolin, Aran Islands,
Killarney, Ringer, Kerry, Dingle Peninsula,
Tralee, Galway, West Cork, Lodge's Aunt's Farm.
The island his dad was born on,
Kint's Hill, Donny Gull.
And then that's not even included in Dublin,
which has Jameson and Guinness Tours,
National Museum of Ireland,
Croke Pocket Museum, Dun Laoghaire,
all the pubs there, all the restaurants.
Okay.
Are you sharing a room, or do I have to book two hotel rooms?
We're not going European vacation style here.
Oh, okay.
No, I mean, yeah, it depends on who goes.
And this is a late one.
Oh, okay.
This is a late one.
Last night I was with Chief last night and his ears perked up when I heard it.
I was like, Chief, I'll throw your name out there.
Oh, Chief wants to go now too?
Yeah.
I mean, Jesus, R.A.
Again, I'm just throwing that out there because I love Chief.
It's like the large white guy vacation.
We're going to make Chief
shave his head bald. Large bald white guy
vacation. Yeah, exactly.
I'll joke on the side. I think
it's rich for stuff
over there. I mean, there's, again, a list of 15
places right there we can do. Are you going to actually blog?
Yeah, over there.
Oh, is that a dig? Yeah, it was.
I don't think you or Large blog that much.
Okay.
I blog more than Large, but no.
I'm only kidding.
Yeah, no, I mean, could I probably more?
Yeah, I think everyone could probably do a little more.
You're a great blogger.
Thank you.
You're one of my favorite bloggers.
I miss you.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
And I wish I did more, too.
You do have an amazing voice, too.
Thank you.
Yeah, my wife might disagree, but.
Yeah, I hear you.
All right.
All right.
I love it.
How's Chicklets going?
It's going, can I swear, fucking awesome.
Yeah?
Of course I can swear in front of you.
Yeah, it's great.
I mean, I would have, again, I was pushing a broom in a public school five, six years
ago, and now I'm talking to Hall of Famers on almost a weekly basis and getting paid
for it.
So I pinch myself every day.
That's awesome.
All right.
Thanks, R.A.
Appreciate this.
I'll get back to you on your pitch.
Yeah, absolutely.
I know that wasn't probably the most formal.
At least you have something written down, which is impressive.
Probably more than most people.
Attaboy, R.A.
That's how to make a case for yourself right there.
I think that you would crush it in Ireland.
It's very funny that she you know, she's saying what everyone's saying,
that I think you're just going to go get wrecked.
But you did a hell of a job in sticking up for yourself
and describing what will go down.
I mean, every time we do a live stream, we do tend to go viral.
So, I mean, you know, whether it's toe cheese related,
what are related, all kinds of crazy stuff.
I don't know.
It's probably a no brainer.
We'll give you a case of pink Whitney that you have to bring to landmarks
and get pictures of, so we can write it off as a, as a business expense.
And you have to do a sandbagger with Colin Montgomery.
Is that the British guy?
We got all from Scotland.
They can meet, they can, they can do one-on-one.
You get a hundred strokes. Yeah. like i said there's tons of places there i think with me a
lodge he's got a very similar personality to me well i don't know i think we would have no problem
making making some fun content over there what would be the requirements and content like what
what what are you what are you promising or because if you go there and you write a blog about it,
I kind of agree with Erica, but, like, how much video?
Like, what's the
Oh, we'd bring a camera.
Yeah.
Vlog style.
If we just vlog R.A. the whole time, he's the entertainment in itself.
Just doing bumps and
Just absolutely
Vlog him getting arrested in Dublin.
Yeah.
He's squaring off with McGregor
in a pub.
Oh, shit.
No, there's...
You're a sandbag and son of a bitch. Let's fund the trip to Ireland.
Come on, Erica.
Get the hashtag on Twitter going.
Get RA to Ireland.
No, we got to get our fans to tell you
some of the things that you have to do
when you're there. Yeah, they could give you some content ideas for over there.A. to Ireland. No, we got to get our fans to tell you what some of the things that you have to do when you're there.
Yeah, they could give you some content ideas for over there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, that's the thing.
We wouldn't be going all that long.
You know, Lodge has a family.
Like, fuck a goat.
That's what they used to call each other.
That was an insult.
They called them goat fuckers.
Well, they used to call people in Wales goat.
Was it goat fuckers?
Is that it
all right you played yeah oh okay yeah i'm pretty sure i've never been to wales that was an insult
i'm like i don't know is it that bad no i i only time i ever i mean if you are on a cold streak
i mean the only thing i know about wales i was playing uh royal liverpool hoy lake and it was pouring rain the first 18 fucking
legitimately raining sideways 30 degrees outside not 30 but cold and then sure as shit like two
holes to go we were playing 36 you could see this like land mass in the distance and the caddy goes
oh that's wales it'll be nice here in 15 minutes i'm like what he's like yeah right when the cloud breaks and you can see wales the weather switches and
we went inside they have drying rooms when you play golf in europe because of how often it rains
and how many groups are there playing 36 through our all of our stuff in this hot room had lunch
some drinks went outside the second 18 was 70 degrees and sunny it was fucking nuts dude i
don't even understand how it was possible.
One par three, I hit driver in the morning.
It was like 195 into a dead wind, pouring rain.
And then in the afternoon, it was downwind.
I hit eight iron.
It was crazy.
It was kind of what you want
when you go to play golf in Europe,
as weird as that sounds.
I had the umbrella.
I would take the umbrella and give it to the caddy
and hit like this and he'd give it
back to me. I was just walking up the fairway
like this. It was blowing
what's it called when the umbrella goes
inside out.
There you go. All right. That's why you can
go to Ireland. You finish my sentences.
I don't think the heavy steps are going to come down for
a while.
You got to park on like you're
walking on Mars.
It was nuts.
I don't even know how we were playing golf.
Also, I don't know if you guys follow Lodge and Robbie Fox.
They did a fantastic job of covering that.
Canelo, Billy Joe Saunders fight down in Dallas.
I mean, they got unreal access.
And, I mean, Lodge and Canelo, they're almost like boys at this point.
He gave them, like, the point and the wink after he won the goddamn fight.
It's just some awesome stuff. But afterwards, man, Ring Magazine, which is, you know, they're kind of like the point in the wink after he won the goddamn fight uh it's just some awesome stuff but but afterwards man ring magazine which is you know they're kind of like the bible
of boxing they actually someone there was probably some dipshit intern tweeted billy no hot saunders
it's like dude the guy fucking might have broke his orbital bone he couldn't open his eye he can't
get off the stool it's not the first boxer in boxing history who couldn't answer for a round
it's not like no hot it's not that he's a coward he's fucking injured and you can't fight when you can't see out of your eye it was common
sense obviously the tweet got deleted fucking probably five minutes later but what a cowardly
bullshit fucking tweet from ring magazine i'll say i thought that was a joke i saw that and i saw
yeah didn't the announcers even say something because he didn't get off the stool but i didn't i didn't know much about canelo holy shit what a
machine stud the way that guy boxes dude he is like he's a machine and he's entertaining too
like he's going at everyone and he's throwing rocket rocket bombs at people and that one that
hit him i think canelo went back to his corner he goes he's done like it was just that obvious and
by the time the round ended his his whole eye was shut and you saw he what a goes he's done like it was just that obvious and by the time the round ended his
his whole eye was shut and you saw he what a warrior he's sitting there and he's like no no
and i think his trainer's like no dude i gotta call this like this is over but i i granted i'm
a boxing novice if you've ever seen me fight tim jackman i know nothing but that canelo is so impressive. Holy. Yeah, he handles himself well.
He got one loss I saw.
Mayweather.
He lost to Mayweather.
Yeah, he fought Mayweather.
I don't know if he, I think he beat Pacquiao too.
Here's the thing.
So I would like to see Mayweather and him fight again.
I think Mayweather is probably a little bit.
Mayweather is done, I think.
Yeah, he's got to be considered.
He's fighting a DePaul brother.
Yeah, which he'll probably make just as much money for.
Gotcha hat was pretty funny.
But I like Canelo and the way he handles himself.
Although I saw a press conference afterward,
and there was some dipshit in there.
While he was still enjoying his moment
and celebrating this fight,
he was antagonizing him,
and he's like a lower-level fighter.
And Canelo, who doesn't speak English in many interviews
like rarely every interview it's uh him speaking like they'll ask in English he can understand it
better than he can speak it so he'll always answer it and then there'll be subtitles but he actually
just broke out in English and was like telling the guy face to face he's like you're a fucking joke
get out of here so where the only criticism ever has been, he's not like,
he's not as much as a salesman. He's not like a,
he's not outspoken.
He's not like a McGregor type,
but that thing is,
is starting to make its way around where they,
it's going to pertain to the American audience.
So he's,
they,
they say he's,
he's the,
he's the new guy.
He's the next,
the next big guy.
Yeah.
Lodge has been saying pound for pound,
the best fighter in the world for quite a while now.
And it's going back to that shithead tweet from Ring Magazine.
I mean, Roberto Duran, I mean, they call him Hans of Stone.
He's one of the toughest fighters ever.
He straight up fucking quit during a fight with Sugar Ray Leonard.
No mas, no mas.
It's a famous chapter in boxing history.
Now, nobody's going to call Roberto Duran saying he has no heart.
The guy just had enough of a fight, and that's all that happened.
So did you see I got into the soccer a little bit down New York Thursday? call Roberto Duran saying he has no heart. The guy just had enough of a fight, and that's all that happened.
So did you see I got into the soccer a little bit down New York Thursday?
I made an appearance on Troops' live stream, Arsenal's live. Yeah, I saw that, dude.
He kicked a can.
His team is so bad.
They're pathetic.
It was hilarious because I like to sit in that room.
When I'm down headquarters, I like to sit on a couch and sit in there and work.
It's just comfortable.
There's a game on usually. And he wasn't letting anybody in. He had a barrier up. He's like, no, no trolls. When I'm down headquarters, I like to sit on a couch and sit in there and work. It's just comfortable. There's a game on usually.
And he wasn't letting anybody in.
He had a barrier up.
He's like, no, no trolls.
I ain't letting no trolls.
And he's like, you're good already.
You can come in.
He's like, you ain't going to troll.
So I was like, it was like me, him, Zara, and like the guys working social,
the only ones in this room.
And I was kind of, I bet the matches to watch it.
And he snapped.
I don't even know what happened.
He flipped out.
He punted that fucking bucket of ice. Jan Stenrood soaked the wall, to watch it. And he snapped. I don't even know what happened. He flipped out. He punted that fucking bucket of ice.
Jan Stenrood soaked the wall, soaked my laptop.
I didn't even flinch.
I thought it was fucking hilarious.
But then he was like, oh, man, I'm so sorry.
I'm like, dude, don't worry about it.
It's fucking love the love, the passion.
It was basically for the content.
But what happened was for a minute, I thought I lost my laptop.
Sorry.
I will get you a new one for Ireland.
The reason that he flipped out is because this terrible manager in Arsenal,
this guy Arteta, Mikel Arteta, I think, he took off this Obama yang.
I don't know if I'm saying this right, but he's a stud,
and he put in this Willian who Troops despises.
Well, funny enough, Willian played for Chelsea.
See you later.
He thought he was going
to go on to arsenal and rip it up he's trash and so is the whole team troops was coming at me in
that i follow a champion i follow chelsea two finals coming up a league final and a european
final he was in the european b division and they didn't even get to the final so he's got nothing
to say to me as a chel Chelsea fad up the Chels,
let's go blues. And, and I think that I need to watch soccer with him,
but by the sounds of it, I don't even think he'd let me in the room.
I don't even know what soccer is left,
but I did invite him to join our live stream when we're going to be down in
New York in a couple of weeks. I'm not even sure if we announced that yet.
Gee, we were going to go a couple other places,
but we had some change of plans,
but we're going to be down in New York for the couple other places, but we had some change of plans.
But we're going to be down in New York for the first few nights of the playoffs doing some live streams there.
Hopefully he joins us, man.
He's an electric character, no doubt about it.
The change of plans is because of my elbow.
I can't play golf, guys.
I'm out of golf.
We were going to go to Vegas, do sandbaggers.
Then we were going to just maybe Chicago because the casino is there, sandbaggers.
And now it's New York because I can't golf.
I'm losing my mind.
I don't know what to do.
So I'm going to take.
What if I went 1v1 and you were on my bag so we could do one like that?
Who are you going to play?
I think you versus Trent with me on the bag would be unreal.
Trent's trying to break 100, I saw.
Oh, so we would just go straight up?
I think you and Trent would actually be an even match.
Yeah, I do.
Put Borelli on his bag.
That's a match.
That's a match right there, boys.
His caddy wouldn't even be able to carry the bag.
I'd be in Borelli's head so bad.
Islanders are losing right now, too.
The Islanders do not look good, guys.
They do not look great.
I hate to see it.
I said Troops is electric.
Well, we had the opposite of electric biz on Saturday Night Live.
Elon Musk, I don't even want to call it controversial
because a couple of SNL members cried about it on Instagram or Twitter.
But, you know, I think SNL was just trying to get some eyeballs
instead of doing something that's not political.
And they brought in, I don't brought in a quirky billionaire weird character.
I don't think the show...
Did you watch it, Biz?
What were they complaining about?
I don't get it either.
People are mad at billionaires
because they think they're hoarding money
when it's like Elon Musk has his money in Tesla stock,
a revolutionary company that's changing the planet.
That probably employs thousands of people probably i'm assuming thousands of people
that employ thousands of people that i'm assuming the same type of people that are bitching them for
quote-unquote hoarding money are the same ones pushing for for cleaner cleaner air yeah he's
trying to solve that problem with this company because he's a fucking genius and because he's
had some strong opinions online that they just want to like what were his all
right though what were the what what was the who knows what no no i'm saying the ones he saw there
were staff members there was uh what's the ad brian she tweeted out like a bernie sanders quote
like saying how you know billionaires have so much of the wealth and it's more like shut up all right
you work for the show like you have no say on who the guests are lauren michaels tells you who you
work with and then uh what's his name?
Bowen Yang.
He's kind of a new member.
He's like, what is this all about?
What are we even doing?
He deleted it.
But then conversely, Pete Davidson talked to somebody,
and he's like, nobody I fuck with, meaning that he talks to on the show,
nobody I fuck with is complaining about it.
I don't know who's complaining or what the complaint is.
So it wasn't all of SNL.
It was definitely a diversity of opinions
about having him on, but it's like,
this is what SNL does. They've had
his type of guests on over the years, not necessarily
eccentric billionaires, but people who
aren't comedians or actors or whatever.
It's to draw ratings, and they probably get the best
fucking ratings of the year. I mean, the show
in typical SNL fashion in the last
five to ten years, it sucked. There was one
funny skit which actually
made fun of that uh show I recommended last week on HBO Mayor of Easttown they made fun of it the
skit was funny a sketch whatever but other than that man SNL and I hate to dump on it I love the
show for my whole life I've been watching since I was fucking five six years old and it's just not
good the writing just hasn't hasn't been good uh they just haven't been entertaining. And it's not funny.
I mean, I know some people find it funny maybe because it skews with them
politically or whatever.
And I don't know.
I just don't laugh at it.
How was Elon Musk on it?
He was no better or worse than an average show.
I mean, you know, he wasn't horrible.
I mean, there were seven people on there who had done it much worse than him.
So I think all the bellyaching, excuse me,
all the bellyaching about it before sounds even more ridiculous
considering that he's basically a harmless dork.
Didn't he talk about it in his opening monologue,
how he has Asperger's?
Yeah, he said he was the first host with Asperger's.
He has Asperger's?
Yeah.
Dan Aykroyd has it too.
Yeah, what is it?
Asperger's?
Yeah.
Dan Aykroyd has it too.
Yeah.
What is it?
It's on the autism spectrum, I guess.
I guess when I guess it is.
But on the lower level, there are varying symptoms. Sometimes people don't make eye contact.
They don't do well in social groups.
There's a whole bunch of symptoms.
I don't know if the word symptoms.
I don't want to offend anybody.
But when you have Asperger's they're you know you just different behavior types and I think based on
what I've seen from the guy it's probably on a lower level type he doesn't seem to be like
anti-social or anything but he said he was the first host with it but then someone else said
that well Dan Aykroyd was on the show for years I think he came back to host at once and he had
he's come out and said he has Asperger's too so i don't know if he was technically the first or not but good for them but like yeah exactly you know they he brought it out and
mentioned it so yeah give him a tip of the hat to that yeah i had the jam to stand up there it's
that's tough stuff to act too man absolutely um i had another note here from you biz uh you bit
the bullet and put tenant on first guy in the podcast to watch tenant oh so yeah so no one else
here seen it not even grinnelli i've had so many people tell me don't watch it it's like it doesn't
make sense right i was very very very underwhelmed uh the the biggest issue i had with the movie
tenant now so it happened and then we went and read the comments online about it and sure enough
the first comment was backing up what I was saying.
In order to get the dynamic of the sound of what's happening,
and it must be meant to watch in a movie theater,
the vocals of the speaking were so low compared to all the sound effects.
So it sounded like they
were mumbling the entire time so i don't know if they fucked that up when i well yeah so i had to
crank it up for the dialogue scenes and the minute that the the action scene started happening i had
to lower the volume like that it's a 200 million dollar movie the fuck was it very confusing though
like the yeah i just thought that the yeah
i didn't think there was any substance to it the diet the dialogue moved around so quickly
and yeah i and yeah i guess it was confusing to a certain degree to be but but to be to be quite
frank that's not my complaint because i wasn't even able to finish the fucking thing i didn't
even get to see every scene i was so bored yeah i'm I'm a big Chris Nolan fan, and I had no desire to watch it.
I haven't had anybody tell me, oh, you've got to see this movie.
I've heard nothing really good about it.
And I think as far as that sound stuff, Biz, I had read about that too,
and I think that's why he wanted people to see it in theaters
because of the way he immerses people in sound or whatever.
He was so adamant about showing it in theaters,
so I think that had something to do with the sound.
But I'm sure it's something that I'll put it on and fucking try to figure it out. But I think that had something to do with the sound, but I'm sure something that I'll,
I'll put it on and fucking try to figure it out,
but I've just had no desire.
And that kind of sucks,
man.
Cause he's one of the greatest filmmakers in the world today,
but it's,
it's been somewhat of a dud.
So I want to get your guys' opinion on Medina spirit,
that owner that looks like the guy from Eastbound and down.
Yeah.
What?
So,
so that,
that it's his second horse that's failed a drug test post Derby.
At least.
Well, yeah, I think post Derby.
He's had a bunch of horses that have come up dirty.
And then you try to blame fucking cancel culture like an asshole.
I saw that quote.
He's like, this is like cancer cultures.
Like, dude, your horse is a juice.
Stop.
It's a drug test.
Yeah.
Your horse.
Your horse is like your Blonsky in the ahl in 2007 it's
like what's going on here and you can't even try to mention the fact that i don't know like he's
had what eight winners or something like that i don't know the exact number but that guy every
year it seems like he's like the bill belichick of horse racing now to be quite frank i think he's
more of a jerry jones where he just kind of shows up.
I don't think he's hands-on every single day.
I may be wrong here.
So at the fact that something may have gotten in the horse that he didn't know about, I give it a slim-to-none chance.
But I do give it a sliver of a chance.
But more than likely, yeah, he's probably having this thing juice up with something because he has been busted many
times here's the thing though i read that if they have to do another test or whatever and then if
the horse fails that like he loses the title and then what happens with the casino and like well
the tickets already cashed that they won't be able to to refund anything they're not going to pay
people they'll just leave the payments as is but historically he'll have the asterisk there and it'll be embarrassment and shame but you know if you if
you cashed in already on the derby you're not gonna have to give your money back when you say
test again you're saying this type of test will still show up positive now or did they do a
follow-up test right after like the next day i don't know but all right sorry but it's one sec
all right i meant more not the people like they'd have to give the money back,
but, like, the people with them, the winning horse, second place.
It's like, that's the Derby winner.
Yeah, those are the people who get fucked, but it's not nothing you can do.
It's impossible to redo.
And then, yeah, like I said, like, go on.
I think he went on, like, Fox News and was like, oh, cancel culture.
It's like, buddy, what are you trying to write?
Write a blog on Boston and get, like, a blog hit,
so I'd throw in cancel out there because that's like the number one thing put cancel in the headline people will
click on it's like but it's a fucking drug test dude you just sound i don't know foolish saying
that and then i guess that's what his publicist is just like taking an off day and being like uh
i don't know just go with cancel culture no well then they went with this like the possibility that
uh one of the um guys working on the stall pissed and then he had to drink cough syrup
and then the piss got into the hay and the
horse ate the hay with the cough syrup and that's why
the horse is dirty. That's fucking
something they throw out there. I'm sure a lot of people
are pissing in a Kentucky Derby
horse race. Yeah.
Yeah. And then he's eating and then he's going to piss
on the hay that this fucking million dollar horse
is going to eat and he's going to eat fucking
your nickel and piss out whatever.
Medina Spirit was drinking scissor before the fucking race.
Might have been born on a Wednesday, but it fucking wasn't last Wednesday.
So, yeah, a lot of crazy sports stuff going on.
Again, I want to remind you, 7 p.m. tonight, Tuesday,
us three knuckleheads are going to be on the dozen for our first episode.
We can't say much more than that because Jeff D'Lo has done a phenomenal job.
I will say, when I get to the set boys, Jeff's a great guy.
He's done a ton of work at Boston,
and the job he did putting this all together, I just
want to give him kudos and tip his hat.
I know everyone's been giving him props for the last
few days, but it's well-deserved, so
check it out if you can. We had a lot of fun, and again,
dropping our bucket hats.
You got to wear that thing in Ireland when we get you over
there, all right. Fucking right, but yeah, we got to get to Ireland. Any other final notes, boys? Oh, yeah. You got to wear that thing in Ireland when we get you over there. All right. Fucking right.
But yeah,
we got to get to Ireland.
Any other final loads?
Oh yeah.
I listened to,
I listened to Dave Chappelle on Rogan.
It's awesome.
I think it's around three hours,
which I'm pretty sure is usual for him interviewing people.
But I was always a huge Chappelle show fan.
Like I think the guy's hilarious and he actually seems like a genuinely
unreal person.
Like no part of him makes it you feel like like fame's gone to his head it seems like he treats people
the right way and he just had some really cool stories i mean he he went through a crazy time
he's like people said i was smoking crack he brought that up a bunch and he basically was
like i was just i had enough i didn't want to do it anymore and he's like people the crazy thing he
says that people came up to me like i was like a failure like hey man you okay like sorry to hear
he's like i just i didn't want to be in the middle of it anymore he's like i wanted to travel i
wanted to learn and i don't know i recommend the interview i i i don't listen to a ton of rogan
because i'll listen if the people interest me but sometimes it's so long i know our podcasts are
long but i guess you could break it up.
But this one was awesome.
I was so interested in hearing from him
and how his brain works.
When we were talking about Elon Musk,
I tried to listen to him on Rogan.
I just couldn't.
See, I wouldn't be able to.
He's too, like...
I couldn't get the cadence down.
It was...
He was...
You could tell he was trying to articulate it to, like...
Well, it's not his first language either, right?
English?
Where's he from?
Well,
he's,
he's from South Africa.
I'm not sure.
Oh really?
I thought he was like from Denmark or something.
Yeah.
I should,
I should say he was born in South Africa.
I don't know if he was actually raised there or not.
So,
well,
then that's fair wit.
I just,
it was,
you know,
it was,
it was hard for him and the stuff he's talking about,
like,
like we talk about three,
four syllable,
syllable words.
There's shit that he's talking about. I couldn't think of the term inside out today so how am i gonna listen elon musk rogan's smart too
that rogan knows so much about so much he's our ra i can't believe the guy yeah he was on news radio
fucking years ago that's hilarious to see all right boys all right all right guys um great chat
and we're we're playoff bound.
I think that there'll be a playoff game by the next time we talk.
So it's kind of crazy.
But yeah, we don't.
We don't.
That's the thing is we can't really give predictions yet because nothing's set in stone and no odds up.
But if the same time we find out there are going to be games before our next episode, we'll make some predictions.
We'll make sure we get on social media just so you guys can make fun of us when our teams get knocked out after.
Tune into the Sandbagger.
Sandbagger, TBA, stay tuned.
Have a great week.
We love you.
Great chat.
Peace.
