Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 333 of Spit and Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Folks, it is the most wonderful time of the year.
It's not December, it's not Christmas, it's now Stanley Cup playoffs back in the spring
the way it's meant to be.
Day three, we had an instant classic Sunday night.
Three straight overtimes to start the playoffs.
First time that ever happened.
So much to get to.
First, let's say hi to the gentleman for us, Mikey Grinelli, our producer.
What's going on, guys?
Very, very, very excited to see you guys this week because you'll be in NYC.
We're doing some live streams.
So I'm just excited the Bruins are winning.
You guys are coming to NYC. I'm going to get to get some good dinner. So I'm just excited the Bruins are winning. You guys are coming to NYC.
I'm going to get to get some good dinner.
So it doesn't get any better than this.
No doubt about that.
Biz Nasty, you're looking forward to some nice sushi in New York or what, pal?
I am very much looking forward to watching some live streams with you guys
and even putting some wagers in.
I know nothing about the gambling game.
I want you to take me under your wing, R.A.,
and lead me in the right direction.
I don't know if we're going to be doing the nickel and
dime talk, if we could just talk in actual
dollars, and we could even keep it
a secret, but I'm going to bring
my rolled quarters
and I'm
going to be ready to wager. What do you think about that,
Whit? Fresh communion money. Whit Dog,
full hot takes online, one of
which I got a bone to pick with you about. What do you
mean, hot takes? Let's go.
Do your little intro. My hot take
is, yeah, you're going to bring a piggy bank
full of Canadian
loonies and toonies to gamble and be like,
oh, I lost seven bucks because the Bruins
didn't win in regulation.
These playoffs so far,
I feel like I
feel like I think I've watched
every single game pretty much the entire
time, yet so
many things are going through my mind. I don't even know
where we start. I'll say this, though.
Last year, like the bubble
was so weird and
just forced right off the bat. It was hard
to get animosity. It was hard to create
like not rivalries, but
hatred for one another because everyone was going through
this bizarre circumstance of living in Edmonton.
Where were the bubbles again?
Edmonton and where?
Toronto.
What the fuck, Wheatley?
Okay.
So now we have a full-blown hate fest on our hands in every single division.
Every series.
All year, these fucking guys have been stuck playing against each other.
The hatred's
grown and now look what's happening we're having bursts of energy anger violence and goals in every
single game i have bet a draw one game one game i picked to bet the draw plus 330 it was the only
fucking game that hasn't gone to overtime it was was Panthers-Tampa, and it should have, too.
But Sam Bennett fucked me.
But I'm so pumped to be here.
Let's get going.
Where are we starting?
Well, he fucked Barkov, too.
And if we're going to start there, the only thing I was chirping early on
was the fact that you thought that that should have been a good goal
for Barkov early on when it was clear that Sam Bennett had poked Vasilevsky and that's the reason
that it was able to enter the net dude it wasn't half as bad as McAvoy hitting fucking Anderson
tonight well you're gonna call back that one then call back that one tonight in the Bruins game well
I'm not disputing that one but based on the way that Vasilevsky was moving the minute that Bennett's
stick had hit his pad he he started moving even quicker.
So it's like, well, that's to me my answer that that made enough of a poke
to make a difference to push him off that side of the post.
I thought he was whacking at the puck, and I just disagree with you.
Let's agree to disagree.
Okay, fair enough.
You're an apologist for the league anyways well oh so you thought it should have
been a good goal yes you don't think if that's you as a defenseman you'd be barking at the ref
all the way to the box begging him please i've dealt with enough fucking you know six on five
minuses this season i don't need this one and you would be so joyful
on that it getting overturned um no i can't say that because i'm just gonna be completely
disagreeing with whoever's you know going against me in that case but yeah i mean i i saw the replay
and i did think that maybe my initial tweet of saying it was one of the worst calls i've ever
seen was a tad over over the line and aggressive but still, I thought it was a good goal.
All right.
Ari, what did you think?
I think whacking at it is different than pushing at it, and I bet Florida I wanted it to be a goal,
but when I saw the replay, he did push the pattern, which allowed the puck to cross in,
so I had no issue with it.
The ref was kind of right on top of it.
I thought, well, maybe he was a second late with it. But either way, I didn't have a problem with it.
Like I said, when they're kind of whacking at it when the puck's live,
that always happens.
But when you're pushing the equipment in past over the goal line,
we've seen that call back enough where I wasn't surprised it happened again
in that game.
But a tremendous game.
But first, before we get in-depth on that one, I do want to let you know,
Memorial Day is just around the corner and places are starting to open up again
all over the place.
Oh, yeah, they are.
So make sure you're ready for the pregame and the after party
with the new Pink Whitney 375 milliliter Mickey-sized bottle.
It's good when you're on the road or bouncing around from here today.
You don't have to carry a big bottle, big handle with you.
So head to your local liquor store and stock up for the holiday
or any day with the lovely Pink Whitney.
All right, boys.
What are you having?
A little whiskey?
I know I'm having a little Pink Whitney cocktail that my girl made.
Now, Whit, I would assume when the fact that you're saying, yeah,
when you say, yeah, they are,
you mean you're kind of pumping up the fact that there have been fans in the
building and this.
Oh, yeah.
And today Boston broke the news that they were like saying August 20th,
but May 29th.
The state of Massachusetts, and then Boston followed.
Done.
COVID's done.
It's all open and up.
I don't think that'll be the case for, like, packed house at the Garden,
but you saw tonight in Carolina.
Oh, my goodness.
That place looks jammed, and all these buildings are buzzing.
It's great to see.
I would say the rollout of the playoffs so far from even a late
league standpoint and and all right I don't know if you've already touched on it but the fact that
we've gotten to watch all the hockey and the fact that it's been staggered and I know this has been
a chirp to the league in the future and RA I think that you've chimed in on it and a lot of people
have and to me it didn't make sense I don't know what for what reason that they would all of a
sudden have four seven o'clock starts and why they wouldn't want to stagger it but at this point right now the way
the leagues rolled it out with the fact that we got a game on saturday then we you know a sunday
matinee game which was pittsburgh and uh in in islanders which was another awesome game and then
all the way into the night it was uh it's it's been fun man and every game has been rocking you
mentioned with the fucking hatred is on full fucking tilt it's like everybody's got steroids stuck up their ass or
something and they're just raging to get out of this goddamn cage but it is it's been fun to watch
yeah we weren't the only ones who bellyached about staggered stats and again there was really no
excuse for it when there were nobody nobody in the building and now yeah i looked at the schedule and
i counted out every single game that's scheduled so far at a time. There are no two games that start at the same time.
So, again, I wouldn't go so far as to call it a chicklet's bump,
but I think that they heard enough people bellyaching.
And it's like, okay, what difference does it make?
Like, even if it's a half hour, that still means you can click to another game
and watch action and not, you know, stuff get analyzed.
It's not even like listening to us or anyone else that have been saying it.
It's like waking up and your brain turns on and being like, oh, wait,
we don't have to start these games at the exact same time
so that every intermission people can watch another game.
It was perfect.
And, yeah, the 12, 3 o'clock and 7 for Sunday with those three games,
just an unreal day on the couch.
And also, well, we'll get to a little later, the PGA Championship too, right?
What, this weekend?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, boy.
I'm not as dialed in there as I should be.
Just sprinkle the infield and hope for the best.
McCarrick, talk.
Grinelli mentioned it from the jump.
We're doing a live stream.
We're going to be down in New York City.
We're going to bounce around.
Originally Vegas, originally Chicago, but Witt's on the D-Alpha Golf,
so we can't do sandbaggers.
But we haven't been down to New York forever.
We haven't been down there since the Christmas party in 2019.
We're overdue, and we have the gambling live streams.
We've never done them in person, at HQ, all of us together.
When you guys are in the building, the place is buzzing.
It's electric, so I can't wait.
Four nights in a row, we're going to be doing the fourth night from Philly,
the gambling house with El Prez himself.
The trips are going to be fine with the Witt dog and El Prez, so make sure you tune into that. We'll be to be doing the fourth night from Philly, the Gambling House with El Pres himself. The Trips are going to be flying with the Whitdog and El
Pres, so make sure you tune into that. We'll be
reminding you early and often, though.
But again, the game, everybody was talking about Monday
morning, almost 30 years in the making.
Panthers, Lightning, just an incredible game
to showcase for the playoffs. Lightning
win 5-4, late goal by
Braden Point. It was just like
each team would have so many good stars
on it, and they showed what they had last night. But the game swung as it typically does in the playoffs on a bad penalty
this penalty was one of the dumbest penalties i've seen in quite a long time and funny enough
i wrote that and i had a lot of calgary flames come into my mentions which doesn't surprise me
right the guy moves on and you're gonna be obviously dogging him because you're never
happy and he's doing better so they're bad at doing oh he's better 15 points at 10 games when he came over
he's he's crushing it but jesus did he decide to who did he crush from behind again oh i don't
know he's he's still on the board sorry still picking him out blake coleman right coleman who
got his nose in there he had the first goal of the game. You see a guy's numbers, and it's at the last second,
and you can argue he's turned is one thing.
He fucking saw his numbers from the bench, dude.
I was like, what was he thinking?
And then not only does he do that, and he's been this good,
and he's changed Florida and added depth.
He does that, and they lose the game pretty much.
I'm not going to say because of it, but they tied the game up and point got the winner as well and then he's fucking done
for game two it was just one of the most boneheaded plays and now i bet the panthers so obviously i'm
extra furious but i can't imagine any hockey fan in the world looked at that and didn't say what
the fuck was that guy thinking yeah you never go full tom wilson there you can't get that tom wilson unless you're tom wilson never go full unless you're tom
wilson you can't get a diving penalty tonight now not to completely not to completely jump ship
but i tom wilson i mean anytime you mention his name it's like everybody ears broke up
that he did take a bit of a run at someone
tonight and he ended up hitting him and they exploded
into...
He exploded into
the bench. He is something else,
that guy. And then he...
I think he sent him flying over the
bench, dude.
Did you see how another grown adult
like that happened to them?
Yeah.
It was like, oh my god. Yeah, talking about skyrocketing. Imagine seeing a grown adult, like that happened to them? Yeah. It was like, oh, my God.
Yeah, talking about skyrocketing.
Like imagine seeing a grown adult get jerseys in Calgary
by another grown adult.
I just, I felt especially with the crowd.
And, guys, there's been some games this season
where we've seen momentum swings, but it's been a long time
since we've seen a crowd play into it.
And it's like a full-blown orchestra.
Like they get the goal disallowed,
then all of a sudden Tampa goes back that way.
Then they end up responding quickly.
And just this back and forth.
And it seemed like every other whistle there was a scrum.
And fans are going absolutely crazy.
So, a little uncalled for.
The one guy in the front row with the sign.
He had a sign for
Patty Maroon.
Come on, man.
Once you wit.
Exactly.
I said, we don't fat shame in this podcast
unless you wit.
Oh, you're such a pussy, R.A.
Oh, yeah.
The other one was getting mad because I busted his bum.
That last pod, we were talking about that when R.A. went to his show.
That was a while ago.
Maybe a couple of pods.
No, it was.
The sign front roll, man.
That was just, that's, come on, that's below the belt.
Oh, that was a dirty, dirty sign.
I'm not even going to repeat the sign because we're boys on the moon.
I'm not even going to repeat it.
But it was on the Chicklets social media stream. I think
R.A. sent over
the fourth playoff game in history
with four different lead changes.
Did I get that right? Yes, you did. I was stunned
by that as well. That's crazy.
It is. It's just that
how indicative it is that games are so tight in the
playoffs that there were four lead changes.
I was shocked when I read that as well, Whit.
And the one guy getting his nose in the mix the former university of maine black bear
ryan lumberg lumberg fucked her who is that kid holy shit dude he was flying around causing a
ruckus and biz i think it was the first five whistles there was a full-blown scrum so it was the first five whistles. There was a full blown scrum. So it was like, you knew right off the hop, the crowd was going.
I don't know the capacity limit in Florida, but that's,
that place seemed pretty busy, especially for that rink. And I, I just,
I just to see the hatred between those two teams, it had,
and I meant to see the hatred between those two teams in the regular season.
You're like, how's this going to end? How's this going to roll over?
And it was exactly what you saw in that last meaningless game that they had
with all those fights and brawls.
Now, I want to get to one thing,
and that is the complaining and the issue with the Kucherov coming back.
Coming in like Sting from the top ropes.
I don't understand.
I can understand people.
Hunter, they got a fucking NFL cap right now at 160.
Dude, it was like the Stone Cold Steve Austin glass breaking
and then Kucherov comes in.
And he had that breakaway early and he fumble-fucked the puck.
Yeah, he did.
And everyone said, like, if Kucherov comes back
and he's like point was last year coming back,
like, they're going to roll again.
And he missed that breakaway.
It's like, oh, my God.
Is he rusty?
What a loser.
Nope. He's not rusty. And he missed that break. It's like, oh, my God. Is he a loser? No, he's not rusty.
Did he have two in one?
I don't know if he had the assist.
Two in one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's sick.
Assist on the point.
Fucking like.
Yes.
The sickest system.
The point.
So for me.
Now, the issue for people who aren't aware.
Is that if you put a guy on long term, I are.
It does not count against the cap.
So when Kucherov went down with the shoulder injury
or he battled through it last year,
he decided I'm going to have surgery.
Tampa looked at it and they said,
all right, listen, we got cap issues.
No team in the league is going to throw us a fucking,
what is it, life preserver?
A bone.
A bone.
I like it.
Or I could smoke it or he could throw it.
Too easy.
I like life preserver.
But they're not,
they are not going to get helped out by anyone.
So they looked at their roster.
They said, listen, let's LTIR him.
He probably could have come back, and I'm guessing on the surgery he had,
he could have played the last month.
He probably could have played the last, like, 12 games of the season
to 15 games, if not more.
And now this isn't  I don't know this for sure.
I'm guessing.
But you're going to know that your roster's deep enough and your team's good enough to get into the playoffs and then boom the cap doesn't exist so for people who are furious dude those are the
rules and mind you not many teams in the league could just sit their fucking best player for the
year and still get into the playoffs they were afforded the luxury because how good their team
is to take advantage of the rules and the way the rules are set up maybe they
look to change those i don't know but for right now to people whine and complain like dude how
many teams can lose the guy and then still get into the p-offs it makes no sense the complaints
what's the term in the nba they use when these guys are taking rests all time
oh load management load management that's what they they're starting to throw in tampa now in the NBA they use when these guys are taking rests all the time? Load management.
They're starting to throw at Tampa now.
Loading them for load managing.
I agree with you.
It's just funny
to hear people complain about it. They should not
be penalized for drafting and
locking guys up properly and then also
handling a situation like that. It's like, hey guys guys can we elevate our play as a group in order to sustain
him not being the lineup allow him the full time to get fully healthy and recover for him to join
us come playoff time yeah if he would have been healthy with 10 games left so what like that's
something that should be held against them most teams most teams at that time what's that sorry i
cut you off go ahead no i said like like you said earlier not not many teams have that luxury it's
like well what so they should be blamed for having that luxury no they've established they've set
themselves up well and and i tell you what though that's such an added boost if he's playing at that
high level where he's able to come and completely heavily. Cause not many guys at this point in the season where they've been playing
every, every, every other night for 56 games are now we've kind of stroked
Kucherov off enough. I wanted to get to Huberto. I didn't,
I didn't really get to see a close enough angle on the goal where he ended up
sliding at five hole. Was he trying to do the knuckle ball?
Was that an attempt on it?
It looked to me like the back
checker who i i don't remember who it was it looked like he got just enough of him to throw
the shot off that it fooled vasilevsky so he didn't intend to fool him the way he did because
if you watch him turn and celebrate he almost shocks himself that the puck went in the net
because because i think it got away from him and it fooled vasilevsky because he was so jazzed up
on the celly i was almost convinced maybe he did throw the knuckler on purpose now that was beautiful in itself the celebration was incredible
but that pass he made the spinorama right on the tape even even i couldn't have fucked that one up
that was stunning what a gorgeous move and uh like you said, Whit, the stars were on full display, so the league hit it big time.
Yeah, and Braden Point, oh, my God.
That winner, it's like you see the one guy with the breakaway.
You're like, oh, shit, this is a goal.
He tied it up, and he won it.
And that team, I mean, I know there was issues throughout the year,
but like we said, missing key guys and Stamkos coming back.
I felt like it was so
important for Florida to get the first game in that series now let's see I don't think this series is
even close to being over but what a different mindset for a Panthers player or fan if you
could have gone up 1-0 I'm not invested into like what's happening media wise I don't know if
Bobrovsky had the nod going into playoffs and and that was for sure. Were you guys surprised by that?
And what do you think they do game two?
Because you mentioned that Kucherov miss on the breakaway.
I was like, okay, well, at least Bobrovsky got a credit for a save on it.
You could tell his confidence was starting to build,
but at the end of the day, he did let five goals in.
So what do you
Where do you go from here as Quimble as a head coach?
And I'm not going to answer it
because you know the fucking goaltending situations
put me in an absolute pretzel.
You know what?
I'm sorry.
Were you going to jump in on it?
Did I cockball you?
Well, you're the goaltending expert.
I was just going to say,
take away the word goaltending
and just it's a situation.
So it puts you in a pretzel.
But you know what?
I even had it in my blog today.
Like there were nine goals scored in that game, but the goalies did not play bad at all there was just so
much skill on the ice there was so much unreal passing and shooting that these guys are getting
beat on pure plays for the most part and yeah bob made a couple breakaway saves he gave up of course
the game uh the game when it's a point but you know how many how many times can the fucking goalie
stop a breakaway i mean he can only do it you know maybe five many times can the fucking goalie stop a breakaway? I mean, he can only do it, you know, maybe five, six times a game,
but eventually a guy's going to break through.
I thought if you're a coach at either of these teams,
I have no problem with them coming back with Vasilevsky or Bobrovsky,
pair of Russians.
Neither do I, but with how good Dredger was this season,
if Bobrovsky gave up a soft goal early in game two,
I'm fucking hooking him.
Ooh.
Oh.
Oh, the quick one, you're going one one if it's a weak goal he gave up five like you said already yeah some great shots he gave up five
you have a very good goalie who had better numbers granted less less games but eight less games
better numbers and you gave up five if he leaks one in early in game
one if i think your wicks that i'm not a coach though yeah if i think your wicks that short i'd
probably start the other guy but as i said i don't usually answer these questions anymore because
i'll be here all night but what would you do i would i would probably go back with the other guy
and the reason the reason i say that is because florida obviously plays to a certain style where they're willing to open things up a little bit more and i think
that considering bobble bobble had a lot of success in columbus where they play a little
bit more of a structure and sometimes you need the type of goalie who could make a lot of those
odd man rush shaves or breakaway saves but to to your guys
credit or to what you guys said he did have a couple breakaway saves in the game but ultimately
he didn't make enough of them for them to win and when your team in this day and age sets you a
four-piece you should usually probably come out with the victory and it seems like the other guy's
been doing it so but i i get it why could they have they feel like they're so invested probably
financially and that's why the
decision and, and, and they might've had confidence in both guys,
but I would go back with the other guy.
So let's move on before I changed my mind.
And sneaky.
What did I say years ago about Spurgeon, you know,
super underrated and now he's really is, and he's captain in Minnesota,
but this, this Mackenzie Wieger, even though Foley fucking pranked the shit out of him,
he's nasty, nasty player.
I think right up there in terms of five-on-five points this year by a defenseman.
So in terms of, like, when Ekblad went down, it's like, oh, is Florida going to lose it?
I was kind of one of those guys.
I didn't know how good this kid was.
That's the biggest shame in all this. If, like, it ends up going the distance, you is Florida going to lose it? I was kind of one of those guys. I didn't know how good this kid was. That's the biggest shame in all this.
If it ends up going the distance, you're always going to wonder.
Imagine having a piece like Eckblad in that lineup.
It would just make this series even more like.
Who was having the best season of his life.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's basically, you know, it would be like losing your headman.
But to piggyback on the real quick on the salary circumvention,
as people like to call it, like you said, those are the rules.
Nobody's cheating.
They're doing what the rules allow them.
But also, too, is like I think people forget the players are sacrificing here, too.
So, you know, these guys, that's a whole year.
They can't put up stats.
That's a whole year.
They can't build a Hall of Fame resume.
That's a whole year.
They can't build another contract.
So it's not like a team's like, hey, do this and it helps us.
I mean, yeah, it does.
But it's also a player like, you know, losing stuff as well, too.
So I think it's forgot. It's also a play of losing stuff as well, too.
It's also a GM calling the owner like, hey, Kucherov ain't playing all year and
you're paying him whatever, fucking 8 million
or whatever he makes.
That's the part people
don't think about, that they're planning it. It's like
the player doesn't want to do it and the owner doesn't want to pay the guy
not to play. It's making the most of a
bad situation is what it is. He's like, I won't
upgrade the yacht then. I won't fill up the yacht tank this week.
All right.
That's enough of that Florida series,
which again,
it resumes Tuesday,
eight tonight,
eight o'clock.
Check it out by all means.
And in Boston,
Washington,
wow.
They had an absolute great game to open the playoff Saturday night.
The caps won three,
two and OT an absolute grudge match of a game.
Vanish at gets hurt on the DeBrusco.
Craig Anderson comes in, has played
four games in the last 14 months.
Going to be 40 in a few days.
Doesn't give up. I think he gives up one goal to start.
Fucking shuts them down the rest of the way.
Bruins lose, but then game two,
we actually started a little late tonight because it went to
overtime. Bees tied it late. They won 4-3
on a Brad Marchand goal.
Biz, get us up to speed here.
What do you got for us?
Okay, so before we go on to Bruins caps,
I think that people are going to be like, wait, who are your guys' picks?
I picked Florida in seven.
R.A., who did you have?
Let's see.
I have Florida in seven as well, Paul.
I picked Tampa, I think, in seven.
I don't know.
You got him in six, Whit.
I picked Tampa in six.
It sucked to do it because I wanted the Cats,
but I did pick Tampa.
I had Tampa in six as well.
Okay.
So there you have it, folks.
Yep, good call.
No, well, it seems we already brought up the Bruins.
I got him in five, so it's still alive.
Biz, you got him in seven.
Grinnelli got him in six uh whit got him in
six and well we forgot our buddy merles merles has boston in six and he also has uh florida in six as
well pretty big i mean nobody has the caps huh yeah go i mean going back to game one so my biggest
question mark coming in was goaltending because i thought the teams were fairly even balanced both
built pretty solid.
They each have their superstars who can contribute, but Washington didn't have somebody who was proven in net.
And then all of a sudden, keep in mind,
I picked Boston 1-7 before the series had began,
and then their goaltender goes down.
But, all right, one of the biggest issues I had with game one was
I thought Boston was being a little too cute offensively giving up
a lot of opportunities to shoot especially after Anderson gets put in there I think you you said
something or tweeted something out uh four games played in the last 14 months yeah he finished the
season uh Ottawa obviously didn't get to the playoffs last year. Then he was off completely. He got sent to the taxi squad in January.
He played four games this season for the caps.
Two of them,
he started.
So basically the guys is rusty as anything.
And I mean,
he was coming in as cold as you can come in.
And he looked at,
to be honest with you as good as he was Monday night.
Yeah.
And I thought that he looked shaky.
And the thing that was as frustrating from a Bruins fan standpoint must
have been, it was hard for them to generate, especially five on five, I thought that he looked shaky. And the thing that was as frustrating from a Bruins fan standpoint must have
been, it was hard for them to generate,
especially five on five given how much Washington smothered in that first
game.
I thought they did a really good job of defending every time they had an
opportunity, they were finishing.
Even Ovechkin who there was a little bit of friendly fire.
I don't know if you guys saw that between Backstrom,
probably just, you know, cruising along, staying in his lane.
And all of a sudden you got
the rushki coming through dipping the hey that's crossing the sauces right there right in the back
early in the game yeah great g2 nice hit and i thought i thought given especially when anderson
got put in credit to washington they did a good job of minimizing the uh the amount of high quality scoring chances that boston was able
to pull up i i thought creche was going to be like done for the playoffs right when i saw that hit
that was vintage ovechkin he's been doing this for 15 years scoring goals and killing people
and to get a guy that's played that long as crecheci has, you know, head down, flying through the middle, completely legal, great check.
You're like, okay, I think Ovi's healthy because everyone wondered coming in,
was he going to be okay?
I just  I was shocked and  not shocked, but I was kind of surprised
and didn't realize how much bigger Washington is than Boston, right?
They have so much size on them.
And so I'm going on game one thoughts right now because everything changed in
a way, but in game one, it's like,
I see some of these Bruins D men and you're like, Oh my God,
all these forwards, even that line of, they got the raffle,
Hathaway Dowd playing physical hockey.
Hathaway had two in game two, but it's like, I'm,
I'm thinking the Bruins could have kind of an issue here in the offensive and
defensive zone. Because I said, you know,
who would look great in the Bruins defense right now is 33 on Washington.
I didn't notice him much in the third period of game two.
I don't know if that, if I'm just like, don't remember being out there,
but the game one went the way that I kind of thought it would.
Cause they are so evenly matched and washington's really has played them played them as well as any other team in the
east has in the last 10 years i know it's different teams and different rosters but still it's it's
not an easy game against the capitals whenever the bruins well you said that coming in too you
said that the the bruins actually typically match better against the penguins than they do the
capitals kill the penguins and and there was also a stat, I think, that happened going into overtime
or even at the end of overtime that the last
was it the last 11 games between these two teams have been decided by one goal?
Yeah, and half of them, I think, were in overtime.
Yeah, crazy stat.
So these two teams couldn't be more evenly matched.
And, I mean, we saw that even in game two.
Now, to finish on game one, I don't know what else you guys have left,
but Nick Dowd, I play with Nick Dowd in the minors.
I want to call their cup with him, not a big deal,
in Manchester.
And I saw him develop into the player that he is now
in a sense of like, you know, you come up
and you always want to be the guy playing
like first line center.
But I think the writing was on the wall,
especially in the LA Kings organization,
that if he was ever going to make it, it was probably going to be as a depth center
and throughout his time in the minors he he kind of developed this mean streak and and learn how
to kill penalties and became better on face-offs and you just saw a guy who was very committed he
also gained weight and and some guys in where you can attest to this it's not sometimes for some guys
it's not necessarily easy to try to even fake or develop that mean streak but you realize that you
have to play like that in order to gain that physical edge especially in times like playoff
time and he did a wonderful job for us down the stretch in that calder cup year and you see a guy
who's transformed his game into the nhl level and that's why a respectable team like the Capitals probably saw that and said this guy
could add to our depth because he's been able to prove it at that level and scores the OT winner
and and he's he's had a huge year for them and uh especially at one point where I believe Backstrom
was out of the lineup for a for a fairly big portion of the start of the season was he not
yeah he missed he missed some significant time this season.
So it's cool to see, and just touching on Washington, their depth.
Like you saw Hathaway with two, Doughter with the OT winner.
That's really playing a factor right now,
and that's where they have strength right now.
And I wouldn't say necessarily over the Bruins
because I think they're very evenly matched.
For Bruins fans just I hate saying
must win but you're like oh my god actually no I'm not even gonna say must win I'm gonna call
myself a fucking joke for even saying that they hadn't lost the game at home yet but still they
really needed and wanted that game too and so the biggest thing you're looking at is like all right
well the first time got going a little bit but but we got to brush looking like a different player.
And for every guy who's ever had a bad regular season.
And I remember this perfectly.
You cannot wait for the playoffs.
If you're lucky enough to be on a team where you didn't have a good year and
you're still going to the playoffs,
you cannot wait for it to begin because it's a completely new ordeal.
Everything starts over. And not only does everything start over, playoffs you cannot wait for it to begin because it's a completely new ordeal everything starts
over and not only does everything start over if you do well in this new little tournament style
run for the cup nobody gives a shit about what happened in the regular season it doesn't even
matter it's like actually just show up in the playoffs claude lemieux style for your whole life
you'll be a legend so the brusque has looked so good he's looked quick he had the chain he could
have had four tonight.
So it's not even like he's getting goals and
you're wondering, are they going to be around? He's getting
chances. He had a sick move to the middle.
I had the Bruins in regulation and
Moneyline, but it would have been a hammer
drop if they got it done in regulation.
Right after Halsey tied it up,
they had a two-on-one, and I think Coyle fed it
over to DeBrusque. Anderson made a great
save. So DeBrusque looking good.
That's really nice to see.
I think Charlie McAvoy is stepping it up.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, he is.
And Grizzlick, too, and BU boys.
So I'm obviously a biased guy when it comes to that school.
And Grizzlick's pass in overtime was such a sick play
because it was a full cross ice pass.
I mean, you've got to put zip on it.
And I actually didn't realize until I saw the replay.
It was rolling a little bit.
Marchand, the legend, he still buries it.
Great shot.
Doesn't know how that puck's going to come off.
I would have put it in the fucking upper deck.
Oh, I would have.
I would have heel fucked that thing.
It would have gone right up in the air, possibly picked off,
gone the other way.
So I don't know how we got good water.
I would have hit R.A. in the forehead in the fucking press box deal
with more popcorn.
Can't miss it.
Biz, to go back to your too cute point, yeah, I thought the Bs,
and even in game two, which they did win,
I thought they were too cute, way too much, passing up shots,
coming down on an odd man's rush, giving it up.
Washington snuffed out three of those chances,
especially great sheet of pass.
Everybody's looking for that.
That's the time a guy should be shooting.
And tonight I kind of lost the faith a little, man.
I'm not going to lie. It was like they just looked so
bad in that second period. Craig Anderson,
full credit. I thought the first game he was
very shaky, and I thought he could have been had. The Bruins
didn't get him. Tonight, he was excellent, man.
He was like, and he's a typical story.
I would root for this veteran. He was shaky early,
but he settled in. I think he let two goals in on the
first five. He made some major saves, man. made some major saves and he's that's a typical story
I would say oh man this is great I love a goalie having this chance like this but obviously not
against my fucking team uh but also I thought there was too much of a ref show in game two
I and you know game one wasn't bad it wasn't like things had to be reined in I thought Boston got
the advantage in game one but you can move on. No, no, I'm not saying that.
I'm not complaining as a Bruins fan. Let me clarify.
I'm not saying anyone got better
or worse of it. I'm saying the refs called way
too fucking many penalties, and I think
it was a reaction to the Tampa Fire to get the night
before where there was so much after the whistle
scrumming and a lot of that shit. I got a
feeling the league might have said, all right, make sure we don't have
to deal with this tonight because why
else do they do it? That's what people want. People
love that fucking shit Sunday night.
And then I thought they cut a lot of that off at that
fucking neck too early on
game two fucking Monday.
Who did Marshawn punch in the dick tonight?
Manta. And then Manta got
a, and then he high-sticked him and they still
gave Manta a penalty.
That was horrible. Did you see
PFT had a tweet. i don't you want to read
it all right i don't have it in front we said basically like oh was it was it the wilson penalty
because there were so many bad bad calls no it was it was it was marshawn getting oh that's right
14 times and mantha getting a penalty and then pft conter like quote retweeted it and said um
they should have actually given jfk up uh yeah while
we're at it why don't we give yeah while we're at it why don't we give uh uh jfk you can't say the
joke you know one of us yeah well let's just forget it and move on then uh just go read the
goddamn tweet all right yeah so it was like it was like giving jfk allK a seatbelt violation. Yes, yes. Quick.
We're still trying to get it out.
He was drafted in 99.
Who was?
Craig Anderson.
Oh, was he really? That's old as shit.
That's two years from Thornton's draft.
He then went back into the draft and got picked in 01,
but he's an old bastard.
He's turning 40 next week,
so I thought he would have nothing in game two,
and you're right, R.A.
He was sick.
R.A., as an old-school Bruinuin fan do you talk with your buddies in group chats about when
mcavoy was on the blue line and he lines up to take a clapper and his stick breaks do you are
you like oh he's fucking new sticks no man my friends are like gen x guys but none of us are
like on text threads at least maybe i'm unless they don't don't have me on theirs but no i really
don't have any of that shit going on during games with like guys' texts. Does it frustrate you when you see that with the new twigs
when they just break like that?
Sherwood's never broke.
I texted you last night, fucking dainty stick shit.
You know what I mean?
It's like that's the worst way.
Not the worst.
A bad ref call is the worst.
But like when a guy's stick breaks because these new fucking fangled sticks
and you end up losing a game on it.
Yeah, it's tough.
I never broke one stick.
I watched every game. But yeah, and the B's aren't the hook to losing a game on it. Yeah, it's tough. I never broke one stick. I watched every game.
But yeah, and the bees out the hook to me with game two busy.
They did too many bad penalties.
Way too many shots passed up.
They were lucky fucking Monday night.
They dodged the ball last night.
I'm fucking so glad they won because I had a lot of money on them.
I told everybody to bet them.
I know they usually bounce back and they did.
Hopefully the home advantage will clean it up a little fun because it's been rough sledding so far in two games they're lucky to come
on one one i wasn't confident in them either third period three two they end up taking two minors
in that period i think halsey took one of them um he ends up coming back too yeah he ends up coming
up big though he beats the guy wide on the left side comes up i don't know who he ends up coming up big, though. He beats the guy wide on the left side, comes up.
I don't know who he set up in front, but he goes around the net, positions himself in front of the net.
You guys, were people complaining about the fact that McAvoy slid into the goaltender and wanted them to review it?
No, I actually didn't see much discussion about it.
But right away when I saw the overhead, just personally, I thought, oh, my God, like they're going to review it.
And then I think it was Boucher did a great job of saying i apologize i don't know who it was but they said
it's a risky call to challenge that because you're giving up the pp with 230 to go and once that came
through it's like i don't think there was enough there but there was definitely a little contact
yeah you can't be fucking with buffalo but if he. But if he got pushed in, it's just too risky to go down a man that late.
What do you got for me, G?
I saw your head move when I said Buffalo Wild Wings.
Shout out for the extent.
No, I just thought that was a good share.
Also, there will be a Buffalo Wild Wings right next to where we're hosting
a street hockey tournament in August.
Just thought I'd throw that out there.
I love a good Buffalo Wild Wings.
I think they carry Pink Whitney, too, so I can fucking mention Buffalo Wild Wings.
I love watching football at Buffalo Wild Wings. They think they carry Pink Whitney too, so I can fucking mention Buffalo Wild Wings. Watching football at Buffalo
Wild Wings, they have 100 TVs.
Top notch.
The dust off the Mileks that weekend.
Alright, gang. What's up, Diz?
I feel like Posse isn't playing good and
generating chances. He's just a bit snakebitten
right now. He's had a couple empty nets.
No? Yeah, he
did. He had that one shot. I think it was in the
second period, a wide open net. He muffed it. He went totally wide left on it. Yeah, He had that. He did have to get that one shot. I think it was in the second period, a wide open net.
He muffed it.
He went totally wide left on it.
And yeah,
that line just seems off a little bit.
And I know they had a goal tonight.
Bergeron got one,
but they seem to click off.
I think,
you know,
you got to tip you,
you,
you kept the Washington.
They're obviously doing something to disrupt the rhythm of that line.
In wrapping up this series.
I'll actually say,
all right,
you said it's been last days ago.
First two games for the Bs.
I would be so confident if I was a Bruins fan right now
to get out of there with a split when you had nothing close to your A game
is a good look because at home, the Bruins seem to roll.
I agree.
And going back to Halsey, he's looked good.
He's drawn a few penalties early in this series,
and he's getting it done.
What an addition.
Even Lazar,
a couple good plays on the penalty kill,
like weak side forward.
Yeah, gets thrown in the front row by Tom Wilson.
I'm drinking a laser cat right now. We just released a
Taylor Hall t-shirt that we made
the lips so incredibly
big, it's outrageous. It looks like
Kylie Jenner lips.
Is it on Twitter? Yeah, it's on Twitter. We just like kylie jenner is it on twitter yeah it's on twitter we
just posted it yeah good stuff looking forward to the next game obviously well it's starting to get
toasty here in the northeast which means i need to stay hydrated with our favorite sports drink
here in spit and chicklets body armor if you haven't checked it out yet by all means do so
today's athletes deserve more than your grandfather's tired, old, salty sports drink,
which is full of artificial dyes.
And the Barneyama, made with potassium-packed electrolytes, antioxidants, and B vitamins,
plus no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes.
Barneyama sports drink provides hard work and hydration and more, plus it tastes great.
I'm all about the blue raspberry this week, like Violet Borrega from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
Shout out to that classic child's film.
Body Armor helps today's athletes stay on top of their game.
Body Armor is available for purchase in-store
wherever fine drinks are sold, like Body Armor in Amazon.
So check it out.
Once again, Body Armor helps today's athletes
stay on top of their game.
Check it out.
Blue raspberry.
I'm all about that stuff lately.
Biz will be chugging this down to York later this week.
No doubt.
Recovering from our dinners from the night before.
I put quotes.
I was laughing because I saw that picture of Halsey on that T-shirt,
and that's absolutely great.
He got the lip injections before playoffs.
Looking nice.
The DSLs are popping.
He should start his own lip gloss line like Kylie Jenner.
Halsey, fucking Dreisaitl doesn't want to do the cologne.
Let's do the DSL lip gloss.
Promo code biz20.
Also his percentage too.
All right.
20.
Fuck that.
No, it's a discount this week.
If you use biz20, it's a built-in discount.
It's a meta joke.
All right, moving right along.
The Islanders and the Penguins, they had another doozy of a game.
What was that, Sunday, right?
Yeah, Islanders won 4-3 in OT.
First off, let's get to our predictions.
We'll do these beforehand because we did make them the other day on the Internet
to put them in time capsules, basically.
And let's see, Pittsburgh Islanders.
Okay, our buddy Merles, who is going to be joining us for the live stream, one of the all-time them in time capsules, basically. And let's see. Pittsburgh Islanders.
Okay, our buddy Merles, who is going to be joining us for the live stream,
one of the all-time characters in Chicklets history.
Handsome's a bastard as well.
He's got Pittsburgh in five.
Myself, I'm the only person to pick the Islanders.
I like them in seven.
The Whit Dog likes the Islanders.
I'm sorry, the Penguins in seven.
Grinnelly, Penguins in seven.
And Biz likes the Penguins in six. So those are the predictions we made before this started.
And Kyle Palmeri got a second of the game, a gorgeous roof job.
Also, too, what's his name?
Volamov did not stop for the Islanders.
I think that was a surprise to some people.
Sorokin came in.
He got the job done.
There was no Gino Malcolm for Pittsburgh.
What, Doug, what did you see in this game?
Let us know.
I saw, well, first I read that Trotz was talking about the no Varlamov in game one.
And he said, just coming back, it's, they looked at it like they need to win the cup
and to have success.
They're going to be a two goalie team throughout the playoffs, which is surprising to see,
but that's how they roll.
And if they give Sorokin the start, they know that that extra time is going to make sure Varlamov is 100.
Now, whether that's just kind of bullshit for the media or not,
I was a little bit surprised.
And I think if you're going to talk about goal-tending,
though, the first thing that comes to mind is Tristan Jari, dude,
and his glove.
It's like Pajot's goal was a really really good shot but I still think no screen from that
far away should be stopped and then Nelson's too and and so I don't know what do you think
I see you making those faces I the Nelson one it's tough because it's such a good a good job
by the forward there because he's got the separation so he uses the defenseman as a screen
and the way he was able to pull it in close to the defenseman's skate where the puck was in line with it and go
he kind of went back the other way way low sometimes you got to tip your cap the ot goal
at that point had given up what he'd given up in that game shut the fucking door buddy don't let
him the one that you let up top cheese from a dog shit angle,
which was basically, I would say, what?
He was about five feet off of the goal line,
and he was in line with a dot.
You got to make the save.
And especially, like, I was a little bit more lenient towards the Nelson one
where, yeah, the other ones I didn't think were that strong either.
And I saw, R.A., you were barking about it quite a bit too.
You wanted a save.
I would imagine you bet the Pens.
No, actually, I picked the Islanders to win in seven.
I think they're going to give the Pittsburgh Penguins a better series
than people think.
I know, you know, Pittsburgh finished the year pretty tight.
You know, Islanders didn't finish all that strong.
But I don't know.
I think once Barry Trotz, playoffs roll around, he rolls four lines.
I think they're going to be the team that's going to knock Pittsburgh out.
Like I said, I got him in seven.
Also, Jarry, I'm sorry, you mentioned him.
He was bad, man.
I mean, all four of those goals he probably should have saved.
And you do got to wonder if he's going to come back with the Smith-Sullivan.
That is next game.
It was an ugly thing.
Real quick, coming in, Grinnelli just sent me that fucking picture of Halsey's lips.
He looks like an Instagram model that paid  thousand dollars for a butch lip job he's gonna sue us if we drop this that's it looks like a hustle magazine I think limited edition get it
I think they look I think they look voluptuous and I think he'll very much enjoy it I mean it
looks like before Halsey sends us a cease and desist hey get us before Halsey sends us a four-halls. He sends us a cease and desist. Get us a four-halls. He sends us a cease and desist.
Oh, man.
You thought they were all soft then.
And I'll say what, based on the play, I thought Pittsburgh outplayed him.
I just thought it came down to goaltending.
I don't think there's a chance Jari doesn't start game two, though.
You think he's going back?
And a little credit to Sidney Crosby, his 69th playoff goal.
The one-handed, what do you call that, the Zorro?
You call it nice.
What's that?
He just like put it one hand, poked his stick out.
Beautiful tip.
He's ninja style.
That was incredible.
The Penguins are like, I think, 1-12 in their last.
Actually, they've lost 10 of their last 11 playoff games.
I mean, whoa.
Yeah.
So since they went back to back I think the
next year going for the three-peat they lost in the second round to Washington who went and won
it and since then they're they're one in ten and no Malkin hurts you know he came back was he just
did he did he come back to earlier is it just worse than they thought because all of a sudden
before game one that news comes out I don't know if he'll be in for game two, but that's a tough loss for them.
And no matter how good Pittsburgh's been, this series,
I picked Pittsburgh in seven because I'd never picked the Islanders.
But this series, I think that the Penguins are not at all big favorites,
like people were mentioning.
Because the Islanders, no matter who they they play it's going to be close games
they're great defensively they get two goalies you see that and then they do have timely scoring
they just have grinders so um kamarov what do you have 14 hits in the first game 14 hits credited
on the road too and you tend to get a little maybe fewer on the road so yeah 50 hits in game one
let's inflate it if the penguins lose. If the Penguins lose again to them,
that's a team that it's like you are not winning four out of five
against the Islanders.
And you got to go back to wherever the fuck they play now.
Union deal.
No, there's still a bounce.
I think union deal.
I know.
I don't know where they're.
Where will their games be?
No, they're in Bridgeport.
No, they're playing out of Bridgeport.
Oh, Borelli's has the outdoor rink going.
They're playing on the roof.
They're playing on the greasy floor at Borelli's Kitchen.
Game two was Tuesday at 7.30 p.m. on one of the NBC outlets.
So check that out as well.
Any other final notes on that series, Chris, before we move on?
I think it's probably wise we mention it now.
I think um barelli
did do a live stream for the oh yeah out of barellis yeah and he's with the foreplay group
they're doing something pretty cool right now i don't know if we wanted to mention it that's a
great call yes riggs has stepped up and done something so cool guys you could probably talk
more about it because it's involving golf, so I'll hand it over.
Yeah, and it's involving one of the biggest clown show organization associations in the history of human civilization,
the National Collegiate Athletic Association,
better known as the NCAA.
That's why I never went to college.
These fucking clowns.
These people, they make one mistake,
and their next mistake is two times bigger.
Then their next one doubles up the second one.
So this most recent example of their foolishness was they had a regional, an NCAA regional women's golf tournament.
So one of the regional spots, there was a ton of rain.
I don't know where it was off the top of my head.
But in the end, the course was fine.
The course could have been played. And a lot of times when this happens, it's happens in other
college events or minor pro events. I don't know if the PGA tour has ever done it, but they'll make
a hole that really has a ton of water damage, maybe a par five into a par three. They'll change
the par. They'll work around a way to have a championship. So all these girls, many of whom
are seniors, if not, not you know just living a lifelong
dream of playing in the tournament doesn't matter if it's your last tournament of all time but
there's a bunch of different instances of these girls and these teams ready to go and all of a
sudden this guy from the ncaa comes out and lets them the he says guys um i'm sorry i have to do
this the course is playable he decides to mention that he. The course is playable. He decides to mention that. He goes, the course is playable,
but it's not championship playable.
And girls immediately are like, what?
No, we don't care.
What do you mean?
You're telling us what's playable?
We're fine.
We all agree to play to it.
And they canceled it.
So Riggs and all the foreplay guys
shout out them, boom,
used Barstool and their own platform to come together,
and they're now hosting that exact regional.
All the teams  now, actually, I will think
I think the top six seeds going in got the advance
got the automatic bid to the NCAA Finals.
So for all those other teams, they're getting to have an event.
And it's one of the coolest things going because it's like these girls
at the NCAA basketball level got shafted with the gym,
and then they screw over the girls in the golf as well.
And now Barstool and Foreplay and Riggs are at the forefront
of giving them a chance to play.
One of the cooler things I've seen.
And at least the NCAA gave them the okay that they
could do it i thought they'd end up saying no yeah which would have been terrible so they're
also selling merchandise uh throughout their social platforms in order to raise money to fund
these girls trips so their flights and hotel rooms i'm not sure if they're going to help try to pay
for family members to come out but whatever the case may be still an unbelievable gesture and i
believe that it's taking place in Phoenix next weekend with,
or this weekend coming up, excuse me.
Yeah.
It's this weekend because I think they mentioned they weren't going to be at
the PGA championship because this was going on.
Yeah.
So stand behind to help run it in Arizona.
Yeah.
So just check out all those social media platforms.
If you're in the Phoenix area, try to go support the ladies.
If you can very cool thing and a way to be quick on the feet and uh little tire pump for rigsy and the
and the foreplay boys absolutely of course you mentioned the borealis clip from the from the
jump uh woman talk you didn't want to be associated with barstool yeah well that particular group of
woman talking whether it's not woman talking in general that particularly yes yes true yeah we
should clarify but uh this
you were saying the barellis that was an awesome video they made i went back and watched it after
the goal you know that there's nothing more pure than frankie barely and his dad watching the island
this is just like such a father and son bonding thing there's such a history there and then when
they scored frankie went absolutely bananas it's it's uh unreal hopefully that clip's bouncing
around i don't know if we tweeted it yet uh g if it, and he goes so crazy, and it's all so real.
If you know this kid.
The thing that cracked me up, though, is in the video,
there's two guys that look like they're in church
or waiting at an old train station.
They don't even know the game's going on,
and they have a psychopath screaming in front of them.
You've got to look at these dudes, Biz.
A couple of old paisans catching the early bird,
and fucking Frankie's having a conniption.
They're playing Long Island's version of Keno.
They don't even know.
It's an Islanders soccer.
That's how they made the New Amsterdam commercial.
They're an Islanders swim fan right next to them.
They're super fans.
All right, boys, moving along to the other series
that had started over the weekend, Minnesota versus Vegas.
This one's going to be a slob and awkward thing.
Completely scoreless after three periods.
Talbot and Marc-Andre Fleury just absolutely, it was like a tennis match.
Back and forth, back and forth.
Marc-Andre was otherworldly, 29 saves.
The only way you were going to beat him basically was by a deflection or rebound,
and that's how they did it.
Joel Erickson-Eck with the game-winning goal after it went off.
I believe it was Martinez's escape. A couple other notes on the game patch already was
a dnp he was still a little dinged up in the regular season zach parise was scratched a healthy
scratch we should note you know i mean he's been around for a little bit a while a little while i
don't think it's too much of a surprise given it happened during the regular season but it happened
so we want to pass that along and mark andre flurry spit it out already the first goalie to play in 15 consecutive stanley cup playoffs i was kind of surprised by that given
how many guys played for so long back in the day but hats off to mark andre and obviously with the
fact that he's played in 15 consecutive playoffs he was a story going in played incredible um you
know didn't allow a goal in regulation even after the game mark stone was Stone was quoted as saying, like, you know, it's disappointing,
especially in front of the home crowd.
We couldn't get one for the guy.
And he made some miraculous saves.
There was one beautiful glove save he made early on.
But despite, you know, all the accolades
and, you know, setting the 15-year record with Talbot,
who probably was the big question mark coming in,
whether he could sustain what he'd done the regular season in playoffs.
He outperformed him.
I mean, Vegas at one point was peppering them,
but the levy wouldn't break.
When the first period ended 0-0, that was enormous for the Wild
because you knew that team was going to come out humming Vegas at home.
They have a lot of fans in the building.
I bet you that in the second round, that place will be 100 full
because I saw the casinos.
It's a no-mass now.
So you figure that whole city and that home ice advantage
gets even crazier as we go on.
So the first period ends 0-0, and in a while, they're like,
all right, we got out of that alive.
They kept continuing to bend but not break.
And then Talbot was just standing on
his head at times and he has done it all year it's very surprising and I think like the issue
for Vegas is if you look in their past they haven't scored goals in the playoffs dude they
struggle to score goals and so they have all this depth and and I think Pacioretty's kind of really
needed for them to to win the Stanley Cup I don't think without him
they can they have enough offense um so Fleury was great now Biz you mentioned to me that Robin
Leonard and Fleury were switching every other game leading up to the playoffs I think that
when Leonard came back from his time away there was a period of at least I would say 16 games in
a row where they'd flip-flop so do I think what the
performance flower put on that they don't give them the net in game two no but it's but it's
also this thing it's like you said well they don't have a problem scoring in the regular season but
they do have a problem executing sometimes in playoffs now they find themselves in a goalie
situation who the fuck knows what while she's going to be tweeting out tomorrow, if whatever they decide.
So it's just like the revolving door keeps happening here.
Talbot had 42 saves for his fifth playoff shoutout.
And I think people might forget that his career stats in the playoffs
are pretty damn good.
9-2-1 or 9-2-7, I can't remember.
9-2-1 save percentage, 2-3-5 goals against. I know it's only
24 starts, but that's impressive nonetheless.
I mean, it is what it is. Those are the numbers.
Revo credited with 10 hits
and 11 minutes of ice time.
Game 2 is Tuesday night at 10pm,
so be sure to check in.
Biz, Whit, any other final notes you want to add?
Well, we've got to talk about the guy who assisted on the winner,
Marcus Foligno, who's going to be our guest
this episode. Oh this episode. A little
chicklets bump. You're welcome.
I think I brought up...
We're going to throw it to him in a minute here, but
I mentioned the
Foligno, Greenway,
Erickson, Ecklein. Three
monsters that have had a great year
and they were on the ice for the winner.
R.A., are we going to him now
or do we have a little ad to read?
Quick, we'll go to him very shortly.
Quick word from our sponsors, and we'll get right to him.
Times are tough, and worrying about your student loan payments
doesn't make things any easier.
And that's where refinancing with Earnest could help.
Earnest offers low student loan refinancing,
and you can check your rate risk-free in just two minutes.
With Earnest, you get radically flexible payments, and you can pick your rate risk-free in just two minutes. With Earnest, you get radically flexible payments
and you can pick your loan term.
And by refinancing, you can reduce your loan term,
save money, or the best part,
combine multiple loans into one simple monthly payment
instead of having to write out 17 checks or money orders
or whatever you do on email nowadays.
Boom, all one payment.
If you have questions,
you can talk to a real live human at Ernest for
help. Isn't it time you stopped feeling overwhelmed by your student debt? Right now, Ernest is
offering our listeners a 100 cash bonus. Refinance your student debt at Ernest.com slash chicklets.
Terms and conditions do apply. Not every state does it, but hopefully yours does.
So visit Ernest.com slash checklists for more details.
Again, terms and conditions apply.
Earnest Student Loan Refinancing made by Earnest Operations, LLC and MLS,
number 1204917,
California Finance and Law License,
number 6054788,
303 Second Ave, Suite 401N
in San Francisco, California, 94107.
Visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licenses
to take care of those student loans.
And by the way, it was 927 to save percentage for Talbot.
And without further ado, we're going to go to his teammate,
Marcus Foligno, right now.
Enjoy.
Well, it's time to welcome our next guest to the show.
He's presently in his fourth season with the Minnesota Wilds,
spending his first six seasons with the Buffalo Sabres,
a fourth-round pick in the 0-9 draft.
This left wing's next game in the NHL will be his 600th.
He's also a second-generation NHLer whose brother plays in the league as well.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chickens podcast.
Marcus Foligno, how's it going, man?
It's going good.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Absolutely.
Yeah, pleasure.
You guys are rolling lately.
You must be dying for the playoffs to start, huh?
Yeah, we are.
I mean, it's been a strange year, but it's been a fun year, I think,
obviously, with winning makes everything fun,
but it's just a different group this year, it feels like.
And, yeah, it's been a whirlwind,
but we're excited for the playoffs to start and get that going.
And it's going to be tough, but we're excited. And we know we'll have to finish,
you know, face one of those, those big head monsters, Vegas or Colorado.
So we're looking forward to it.
So what is Dean Everson like as a, as a,
as a coach because not many people know a lot about him and,
and I'm certain that he's been a key role in kind of changing things around
there. No.
Yeah. He's been huge. I don't know. I think it's like since day one,
I mean, when he took over,
I don't know if you guys ever saw like the bench whenever we score,
but this guy like fist pumps and pushes guys. And it's like,
you almost got Tom like settled down back there a little bit, but I don't know.
It's just infectious. Yeah. He's like, he,
I think he threw our assistant coach game one we came back against la this year so it was just one of those things
that um he gets it i mean he played he played for hartford back in the day um and i think that's the
biggest thing is his communication skills are like on point i mean he just comes in the room he can
kind of read a room and i think that's what makes a coach now i think you know
to be successful in this league i think you just you got to make sure you get the guys you know
going your way and understanding them and you know making sure what guys tick and how to get
them going and he does and i mean yeah he's been kind of a fresher breath there back there with
just the positivity too and keeping guys accountable which has been huge for us this year. And, yeah, a lot of our success is due to him.
I just want to ask, what were expectations going into the year?
I know you guys had some fresh guys coming up.
Obviously, you guys announced a new captain.
Billy G's changing a few of the faces around.
Were you guys expecting to make as big of an impact as this
inside the locker room?
you guys expecting to make as big of an impact as this inside this inside the locker room uh honestly like i i think when like you know with the emergence of kevin fiala last year like his
his year he had last year then i mean just getting kareel caprizov like i don't know we
there's a buzz around him but there was this is kind of the first year where i kind of went in
thinking you know what let's just see how this goes and not throw too many expectations on it. I did it in Buffalo and we know how that goes.
It's just one of those things.
Yeah, that was probably the biggest thing this year
is we just kind of came into it.
I think we got a lot of key players.
You saw Bonino and Cole come in,
guys who are that depth that can win.
And then we have some unbelievable goaltending this year too.
So going into it wasn't  I mean, everyone was new.
We had so many new faces.
So it was just like, let's just get a feel here.
And obviously with COVID, you can't have team gatherings right away
and get to know each other.
So it was kind of tough right from the get-go.
But I don't know, man, something clicked.
And I think the infectious from, you know,
Kirill Kaprizov, just this kid's the stud and brought us all in.
And yeah, it's been rolling ever since.
I would imagine a few days in a camp,
you guys probably started, you know, talking to locker rooms like,
hey, this kid's like fucking pretty scary.
A couple of days did it take?
Yeah, I think we were doing like, this is my first day.
And it was before camp started.
So, you know, you only had like six guys in the ice for the COVID protocols.
It was a joke.
But we had like me, Kirill, I think some of the guys that were in town,
it was like Spurgeon and only a couple other guys.
And we didn't have goalies yet.
So we were actually like, we had those shooter tutors on the net.
And this kid was like, like pissed. Like he was so mad. There's shooter tutors out the net and this kid was like like pissed like he was so mad there's
shooters out here like what the fuck i left the khl for the nhl what are you doing here
yeah like he would hit the net and it would it wouldn't go in like it would like deflect off and
then he would just look so angry and but the stuff that he did like those first couple days of skates
i was like this kid's this kid's like dangerous he's gonna be nasty and special and his vision too like we were just doing some stuff where i mean it's like tic-tac-toe
passing to go around a cone but he's throwing backhand sauce and like laying in areas you're
just you're like okay this guy's got it so um ever since that like it was it was like yeah this is
this is going to help change our team and it has so so far. I know when he got to Minnesota, one of the first things he asked coaches
when he could meet his teammates, he was dying to meet you guys.
So is he kind of one of these sort of cocky studs, very self-assured,
or is he more of a low-key guy?
He seems like a low-key guy.
Yeah, yeah, he is low-key.
I laugh because, I mean, I'm just saying the Russian mentality.
He's not even close to it.
He is so poor.
No Gucci tracksuits at the rink or what?
No Abercrombie tees?
No, nothing yet.
He's like almost like the Bush of Russia.
Like, he comes from the Bush, like Northern Ontario, I would say, of Canada.
Like, just, yeah, he's not a Toronto guy or something like that.
But he's down to earth. He he's he's a lot of fun
around the rink he just smiles all the time and just shows up to to work but i think one of the
funnier things that um i was telling granelli about before coming on the show about creole was
there's a story about him we have like this group chat team chat and uh it was like the fifth or
six it was like training camp was about to
start and uh every night we get like a text message saying what group you're going to be in
because of covid protocols there's got to be like two or three groups and um it was always like our
PR guy whose nickname is Whitey Whitey would send it out like six o'clock the night before and you
would know what group you're playing the next day so it was like always the older guys the experienced
guys got the most games they would all be in the same group together like you know suits zach parise all
those guys that i was in that group and filtered down and then kareel was left out and he was in
the second group and the second group was like like the taxi squad guys and all of a sudden you
know like this kind of goes on for like two days three days four days and like kareel's not
practicing with us he's practicing with the other guys.
So whatever.
We weren't thinking anything of it.
And then one night we had like a nine o'clock like text message on the phone.
It's like Kirill Kaprizov.
The guy has never texted anyone.
He doesn't like speak English.
We're like, what's this guy texting the group for?
And all it says is like, what the fuck?
I want to be with like, I read his text in like Russian.
Like that's how I read it.
He never texted me. That's how I read it.
So I was just like, he's just like, what the fuck?
I want to be with best players, not shit players.
Like he's texted the whole, he texted the whole,
like all the taxi squad guys.
And I like interrupted like guys that it almost like made like guys that
like didn't know each other yet. everyone was just chiming in oh my like you know cam talbot's chiming in and he wasn't even
in even minnesota yet like it was hilarious and next rick next time next day at the rink he just
comes you could just see him he's just looking at the floor like he's not looking anyone in the eye
because he's like you know it was a guy like nico stern who's our uh a fourth line center for our
team like he was in that group like he's like all the guys, there's a guy like Nico Sturm, who's our fourth line center for our team. Like he was in that group.
Like he's like all the guys that are on the bubble.
So you got guys you're playing with, but it was, it was hilarious.
But that's just like, he didn't come across like the next day.
Like he didn't come across.
Like he just was like thinking he,
he thought he was texting Whitey, the PR guy.
And he ended up texting all of us.
So we had a big shot.
But then the next day of practice,
he fires one on Sturm's tape and it blows up.
He's like, see?
Oh, yeah.
That's what I'm talking about.
Oh, yeah.
Anything that came out through our PR guy,
we all had to make sure, like,
Krill, are you okay with this?
Is this good for you?
That's awesome.
That's a great story, dude.
That's Malkin-ish, right, Biz?
Right.
That's what I mean.
He kind of like
reminds me of like that that attitude but it doesn't come across like he's being an asshole
he's just like this guy like this guy i know remember last game i think it was like three
games ago i think he did backhand sauce from the corner and i don't know who he put it on
it might have been like zuccarello's tape or something and and zuccarello didn't i think he
like missed it just bobbled or something and i came back and i'm like real like nice pass man and he looks at me like like he's so
disappointed that that we didn't score like that but that's just how he comes back to the bench
and he's like if he scores he's happy but like he's like not he wants another one and it's like
i wish i had that mentality all my whole life especially when i was 23 you're like get one
the first just shut it down untie yourates, start checking your phone between periods.
Yeah, yeah.
And plus one in the first, I'm good.
Well, I got to ask you about, you know, your line mates.
You guys are buzzing, and it's the 2015 draft for the Minnesota Wild.
Their first round pick, Joel Eriksson-Eck,
and then their second round pick, Jordan Greenway.
Greenway I got to see play at BU,
but all three of you guys have had like points per game averages
kind of explode this season.
What has it been?
I mean, have you just enjoyed playing?
Are you guys playing the same type hockey?
Like what's your vibe with your line mates there?
Yeah, I mean, we got chemistry last year,
and I think it just, you know, it just rolled over into this year.
I mean, I know those guys.
Joe Erickson, that guy's a beast.
I mean, this guy's a beast in the workout room, it's just it's so nice to see like the offensive side
of his game come out now um because i mean he's just turned on another level and i think the
biggest thing with him is like he frustrates the hell out of guys especially top like we're playing
against the top you know lines in the league right now in our division um because of him because he's
such a good shutdown guy and he just works both ends of the ice and that's that's probably one of the biggest
impressive you know moments of you know our team this year and um and jordan greenway man this guy
has taken on a new role too he's yeah he's always like he's always been that what is he six six six
seven almost and um just this big guy but he's had he has hands and shots and with Greener it was more just
like trying to find that consistent balance every every game and and he has and he's turning on
he's played more physical and I think just what happened from last year has rolled over into this
year and myself I think I'm just you know trying to stay consistent and help these guys out with
kind of create more space and being physical in the pocket,
things like that.
But I've been fortunate just to kind of cash in
and bury my chances and help these guys too.
So I owe a lot of credit to my success this year
because to those two guys, they've been awesome this year.
And when Bill Guerin came in and like so much can be said
for the way he's carried himself as a player
and now when he's in said for the way he's carried himself as a player and and now when
he's in the front office and he comes in and he he makes moves right away where kind of must have
had everyone on their toes right you see these you see the guys like greenway and eric sinek
who've been there a little while and it had to be a little nerve-wracking for guys who wanted to
stay on the wild when he when you realize like he's not afraid to change anything here. Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, that was kind of the talks I've had with him before re-signing here.
And that's just who Billy is.
Billy wants to win.
And that's, I mean, as a player, you saw it too.
Like, you wouldn't, you know, it wasn't any,
like there was no bullshit with him.
It was just like, you know, you're going to come,
you're going to work hard, you're going to compete.
And if you're not, we'll find find someone who can and that's kind of in
this message since day one since he's been here um and it's kind of yeah it starts at the top i
mean that that's the biggest thing i think in any organization you know it has to start at the top
you gotta have a certain identity and culture and um billy g has been bringing that i mean he's
he's awesome i think he's helped my he's helped my career out a lot.
I mean, ever since he got here, it's been  I mean, it's kind of
you never really have that feeling where you're playing for a GM.
But in this case, you really want to play for your GM.
You want to work as hard as you can for this guy
because he's such an awesome guy.
I mean, is it accurate to say he's basically, like,
sort of rewired the culture of the team in this short of time?
Yeah, I really do.
I mean, yeah, there's been some, yeah, he's kind of fast-tracked it a little bit.
I think, you know, you're bringing in, I mean, what's helped us a lot this year, goaltending,
I think bringing in a guy like Talbot, you know, guys that are experienced, but, you know, great in the room too.
Talbot's a heck of a team guy And Bonino, Cole, guys like that.
I'm not going to say they're the biggest changes,
but there's these tweaks that he's making,
and it's making a huge difference for us.
And just the way he's kind of putting confidence in our head coach
and letting us play the right way and a little bit more fun this year.
But our skill guys are playing well, competing, and our head coach and letting us play the right way and a little bit more fun this year.
But our skill guys are playing well, competing,
and I think that's what he wants to see on a nightly basis.
The last question I had about the Wild before we talked about maybe some of your earlier career was the back end.
I mentioned, I think, last podcast,
I'd say one of the most underrated decors in the league.
You guys are so mobile, and I think a massive reason
for all your guys' success this year as well.
Yeah, it's always been like that, man,
because we have had Suits and Spurge and Dumbs and Brodine.
The top four has been intact since I've been here,
and it's awesome, man.
Brodine's gotten more confidence, and he's playing with more offense,
and that guy is probably honestly one of the best defensemen
I've ever seen on the skates.
He is incredible.
And Dumba's got that swagger, that attitude.
Like, he plays, you know, a lot of minutes and competes
and has an absolute bomb.
And then our captain, Spurgey, and, you know,
suits are just locks back there.
They're just so  every shift you feel so confident with those guys.
It's insane.
So, yeah, that's  ever since I i got here it's been like you get your
points almost through your d you know like you almost just have to get the get the bisky from
low to high and then it's the shot on that it's you get a lot of points from from our d in
minnesota and it's because of this the way we play and those guys are huge for it i mentioned you a
second generation nhl your dad mike played for 15 years uh notably in Buffalo Toronto as well
you were born in Buffalo uh a little bit after the Sabres had traded your dad did you grow up there
or somewhere else oh yeah we grew up in Buffalo I mean I I grew up uh there moved away since I was
like probably five years old but we have a lot of family and friends that we always go back to
Buffalo in the summer times whenever we were so um yeah it was it was a pretty chaotic childhood I mean we went from uh Buffalo and then my dad I think got traded Toronto then Toronto
Florida and I remember spending Christmas in Florida and we went back to Buffalo and then
he got a job out in uh Colorado that's where we uh got to experience uh the you know the the runs
with Forsberg and Sackick and all those guys. And that we were there for about four years.
My dad's coaching career was there.
And then from Hershey,
Colorado to Hershey and Hershey up to Sudbury in Ontario.
And that's where we stayed ever since. So my goodness. Yeah.
It's been a, it's been an absolute journey, but it's, it's been fun.
And like, you know, just growing up,
I don't remember much of my dad's playing career.
Obviously it was pretty young, but Nick does a little bit.
And then I remember mostly the coaching career which is still a blast i mean we
got to go in for pre-game skates and um shoot on you know patty wall and morning skates and things
like that no way we didn't we didn't think much about it at the time we were just you know young
and dumb and just thinking that we're just playing hockey but now looking back on it i mean it's it's
pretty unbelievable that we got to got to do that and you know pass a puck with forsberg or even sack it and um meet some pretty pretty cool people
along the way that i mean i just i was it was crazy like i was a huge mike ricci fan in colorado
and i saw him on the bench in san jose and like i was looking at him like this guy is like i have
a stick in my house yeah like you know it's Like, you know, it's just, it's crazy. The relationships you build and it's so cool for those guys to see Nick and I
probably playing and, and, and them, you know, them coaching against us.
So it was a lot of fun and really lucky to have a father that,
that had that type of career.
I know that you, you know, you listen to chicklets occasionally.
Do you respect elephants?
I do.
So you understood where we were coming from in that combo.
Yes.
Like the king of the jungle type thing?
Yeah, exactly.
You would pick an elephant to smash a lion's face in?
Yeah, I feel like that they just, and there's like a hurdle too.
I feel like they all come to each other's events.
You know what it's called?
Team mentality.
Hey, it's called a pride.
How sick is that?
It's called the pride.
I feel like the lion is pride too. Oh, I thought they's called a pride. How sick is that? It's called a pride.
I feel like the lion is a pride too.
Alabama pride. Alabama's got the big elephant as their logo.
That's Roll Tide.
Roll Tide because it's the elephant
rolling. It's a herd of elephants.
Fuck.
What the hell is Roll Tide from?
We went to a sweet zoo in Buffalo
back in the day and there was this elephant.
The guy's like, we got this behind the scene tour and we're in this elephant cage it was like
me eichel matt molson bogosian and we're like we're with the kids and like and we're going
through this and we were having a better time and the zookeeper's like here grab this watermelon
toss it to this elephant and ike's looks at me he's like what the hell so he just like tossed
it to the elephant this elephant like stops it with his foot and just like leans on it to this elephant. And Ike looks at me, he's like, what the hell? So he just like tossed it to the elephant.
And this elephant like stops it with his foot and just like leans on it.
And this thing just splits and like,
just watermelon goes everywhere.
I'm like, this guy could kill any of us right now.
Like it's insane.
It's a machine.
And then you see the wagon that he's got on him too,
as he's walking by.
And that just adds to the complete
king of the jungle mentality.
You mentioned your brother Nick.
So your first ever NHL game, you were playing against Ottawa, correct?
Yeah, yeah.
Got called up for that game.
I think it was around Christmas time too.
So the whole family ends up heading over from Sudbury,
all the friends and family.
Yeah, everyone got to go up that game.
I think Nick was able to fit the bill uh pay for
the suite which was nice and then uh i remember that i think uh i think nick might have got a
assist or something on i think it was carlson got the game winner or something i think we lost like
four or two or something the first game it was just that was a just a crazy experience i think
i was down in houston uh i was with rochester we're doing the houston swing we're doing san antonio houston and texas and um and then like i think we had like rookie hl rookie
party that weekend and then uh i get the call and it's just like we're like taking the southwest uh
zone three you know you're at the back of the bus and uh it was like a travel day we got in at
rochester on like five o'clock at night.
We left at like 9 a.m.
and then I had to take a car service
from Rochester to Ottawa,
which is about four hours.
I got in like around 10, 11 o'clock
and then played the next day
and then got sent right back down
after that game.
But it was an experience
I'll never forget.
Pretty cool line up against like Nick
for the draw and stuff like that.
And yeah, it was an unbelievable experience and one I'll never forget.
Yeah, I did look it up before and neither one of you guys get a point,
but you were a dash one and a four one loss.
He was a plus two.
Yeah.
Hence why I got sent down.
Marcus, I want to talk about Buffalo for a little bit.
You kind of were there on the ground floor when the Pagoulas coming in this
whole era that's still a part of
right now has kicked off. You were there for six
seasons, had four coaches. Did that
really hamper the development of a lot
of guys, including yourself at all?
Yeah, I mean, I think so.
I mean, honestly, I got nothing to say
bad to say about Pagoulas. They're unbelievable
owners and
I mean, good people and
they gave a lot of stuff to that team and they give you all everything that,
you know, you need to succeed. That's for sure. But I just think, you know,
it was just when I came, when I came in, it was,
it was like an unbelievable team. I mean, we had like, you know,
Vanik and Palmaville was there. Like we had Derek Roy was there.
And it was the year I got called up for like 14 games that we just missed the
playoffs by like two points or something.
And then after that, I think, you know,
Darser gear had an agenda and it was, you know, time to rebuild.
And then, and then the next year was the, that lockout semi, you know,
the half year and we ended up like not having a great start.
Then Lindy rough gets gassed and,
and Lindy rough is probably one of the,
one of my favorite coaches to play for. I think just the respect factor going to the locker room but I think
just the timing he's been there for so long I think it just it was probably falling on some
deaf ears and and it was just a full you know change and then um you know really we just
couldn't get our feet underneath us I mean it was just uh they brought in I think Ron Rolston
right after Lindy for who was my
rochester americans in the hl my coach at the time and um great guy but you know it's tough
it's a lot of pressure i thought on putting a guy like that kind of on that stage you know he's kind
of just got a new job in rochester he's a development coach and then he kind of gets
thrown in the fire and it's kind of a you know a shit show going show going in Buffalo right now. And then they're trying to trade everyone.
Obviously it was the, you know, trying to trade Ryan Miller that era.
And then, you know, they brought in Ted Nolan after that. And, and yeah,
it just kind of steamrolled.
And it was the whole thing with Pat LaFontaine came in for about a three week
stint and got.
Mrs. Kennedy, how was Dallas?
Yeah. Yeah. And it was just, yeah, Mrs. Kennedy. How was Dallas? Yeah, yeah.
And it was just, yeah, it was just,
it was one of the, like, you just came to the rink
and luckily we had, like, as terrible as it was
and brutal, like, we had, I think we had fans
that, like, were booing us at a Phoenix game
because Phoenix and us were, like, last place.
So anytime Phoenix scored, our fans would cheer.
And it was just like oh my god this
is okay this is good this can't get any faster but luckily we had a great group of guys that
just we had a lot of fun off the ice and it got us through all that uh that stuff that was on the
ice but uh i don't know it just you'd love to see that you know that fan base get get what it
deserves because it's unbelievable and still had a great time in buffalo but you know we just need
to see some um stability there that's all they really do deserve to get a team team going again we've said that a
lot but you had the chance there to kind of up close and personal see Ryan O'Reilly and you know
he'd come from Colorado and then you see him and he leaves Buffalo he gets traded from Buffalo like
did you know how special he was like it's like when he left like this guy's gonna win a Stanley
Cup after after getting the chance to play with him?
Yeah, yeah.
Like, I was shocked when they did get rid of him.
I mean, it was
He's one of the best, all-time greatest teammates I've played with
and unbelievable player.
I mean, the guy ran practice after the practice was over.
Like, he had another practice.
Like, it was insane.
Did he really?
He put the drills together and all that stuff?
Yeah, yeah. Like, he grab sticks and lay them on the ice
to be an obstacle course and just, you know.
But he didn't  he included everyone.
That's the thing with O'Reilly.
Like, he's the guy  unbelievable leader and guy.
Just, he included everyone and everything.
He would be, like, the guy dishing pucks.
He'd throw one out of your backhand.
You'd have to knock it down.
Like, he would tell you what to do.
And it was just, you're looking forward to that practice
more than the actual practice.
He was.
No offense.
No offense.
Yeah.
And he was just a stud too.
All eight coaches.
No offense to the whole 12 coaches we had.
But, like, he just.
And then, obviously, the type of player he was too.
He's just so skilled and so smart.
And they got battled every night, too.
I mean, it was  it was a tough, tough year as he was there.
And, I mean, really, like, him and Ikes together were phenomenal.
But you couldn't put them always on one line because it was kind of tough
for our team.
And, I mean, he still put up a lot of points in Buffalo.
So, yeah, I'm so happy when he won that cup in St. Louis.
I mean, as much as it sucked that St. Louis won in our division,
but couldn't be more happy for a guy like that.
Another Ryan you played a few seasons with,
Ryan Millett just announced his retirement.
What was your experience like with him?
Intimidating, yeah, I did not.
I was young around him, so he was
game days I was terrified of this guy.
Salty old veteran. Yeah, I'm like, I was game days. I was terrified of this salty old veteran.
Yeah.
I'm like, well, I'm just going to stay away from this guy.
If he looks at me, I'm just gonna look the other way.
So it was just, he was awesome though.
He was great.
He was, he was like unbelievable.
Like I'm like my, my days in, in Buffalo, when he was there, like there'd be an odd
man rush going the other way.
And like, you felt so kind of like, yeah, he's got it. It's fine. Like we could probably cherry pick here be an odd man rush going the other way and you felt so kind.
He's got it. It's fine.
We can probably cherry pick here.
It's going to go the other way.
He helped out so many.
He won so many games for us.
It was insane.
I'm so happy that I got to play with him.
He was just a pro's pro.
The way he prepared, it was insane.
I remember you played with him in the Olympics.
And I think I came into like that after that.
And it was just like, that was put him on the map, but even more so.
So yeah.
Like 0-9, 0-8 to like 0-12, 13, right?
He was just dominant.
Yeah.
Did you say already, you heard me saying 0-12?
Yeah.
Hey, game on now, R.A.
Game on.
You've got to be perfect.
You've been at me for five years.
It's so fucking easy.
Ding, ding.
Let's go, Foligno.
What corner are you taking?
0-12 is interesting.
I got butter bean.
You got wet.
Let's go.
Perfect.
Let's make them up.
Hey, so I want to ask you about your father coached you
and your brother in junior in Sudbury.
Did you know what to expect because of your brother's experience?
And was the relationship odd between father and son and then also coach?
You know what?
I've got to give my dad a lot of credit.
He handled it well, but he handled it the way it should have been handled
because dealing with my brother at that age was probably a really tough thing to do and uh nick had some had uh some fire in him but
and would trip back like i think nick and i nicks at that age probably was a little more like um
a smart ass and i was probably just like laid back like trying to get a pulse out of me type
thing like that it was like two two old angels like it was but honestly it was probably the
the best thing that ever happened to me was watching nick go through it first
absolutely um i was in the backseat of the car sometimes i i was like a young i was probably 13
when nick was playing and so i would just hang around i was kind of a rink rat so i would hang
around some losses and i'd wait outside i would wait at my dad's office and then nick would get
there and nick would have to drive back with my dad. So I'd hop in the backseat.
I'm like, let's see how this is going to go tonight.
Nick had a bad game.
I would sit in the back.
I sometimes started like,
Nick, how do you think you played today?
And then just let it go from there.
So it was,
and my dad was always the king of like,
no talking until you get right to the driveway.
And then right when you get to the driveway,
you're in the car for like 15 to 20 minutes outside the house.
And, oh, yeah, no.
But it was  I got to say, like, you know,
not everyone can say that they had a great experience
without seeing their dad coaching.
But I think my dad as a coach is an amazing coach
and a more really motivational guy.
And a lot of people respected him.
And, yeah, nick's years they
had really good years i think towards my end of my my career in junior we had a better year of my
i think they sold the farm and nicks last year so i got all the we got all the terrible uh we got
like we were pretty much the northern ontario junior hockey league in the ohl so um yeah it
was it was a tough first years but my dad was hard on us because he had to be.
But I think that's what made us better players today.
What did what was the story?
You're both dual citizens.
Yeah. So we're all born in Buffalo.
And then your brother played for USA, though, and some world championships.
And then you played for Team Canada, right?
Yeah, I know. It's a it's a it, it's a. How did that go down between,
like, did he?
So, yeah, Nick, so like,
Nick, Nick was the,
we were in Hershey, Pennsylvania.
Nick was playing for Central Penn Panthers.
And then that's when he got like scouted
by the USA Hockey Development Program.
And I think he was like 14 or 15
and he had to make a decision
if he wanted to go to Ann Arbor, Michigan
to go to the USA Hockey Program.
And we were moving to Sudbury, Ontario at that time.
So, like, I think he got drafted by OHL, but he declined that first year
and then he went to the U.S. Program, which was really tough because,
I mean, I don't think I could have done that.
I mean, watching him go through all that stuff,
like you're with a totally new family, built a family, and you're only like 15 years old,
and you're going to a different school.
Early to leave home.
Yeah, it's a crazy experience,
and I'm lucky I got to watch that
because I think it matured me a little bit more,
and that's what Nick just,
Nick really went headfirst in everything for me,
and I just kind of followed his path,
so I give him a lot of credit.
He had some hard stuff to deal with,
but it made him who he was I mean that USA program like I saw Nick was a different
player after that but yeah that's what like so he was in that program and I never really was like
establishing anything yet and then when I went to go play on uh kind of all the Canadian Ontario
Hockey League uh or even just playing in Ontario when I was younger as a midget or Bantam yeah
because you were only 12 or whatever at that time, right?
So your time came, you're living at Sudbury.
I feel like a little bit more Canadian.
And then honestly, when it came time to World Juniors,
I got invited by Canada and not US.
So I'm like, I only got one option here.
So everyone kind of made a joke.
Why didn't USA pick you?
I'm like, well, I never got an invite.
So I can't just go playing for that team.
So that was one thing that was  it was pretty cool to
I mean, it was one of the best experiences of my life
to play for the World Juniors and for Team Canada.
So I'll take it.
It's kind of just how it ended up that Nick and I
were both on opposite ends of the country.
How many  kind of off-topic what we're going with.
How many fans are allowed in the building right now for you guys,
or are you empty still?
I think we got like 3 000 or 3 to 5 000 like
something in between there and it must be nice like you you that comeback the other night against
vegas was a joke right you scored two in 20 seconds like are you even noticing even with
3 000 because i went to the bruins game there was 3 000 in the crowd it actually felt pretty
decent though yeah it did i mean especially like the the way we came back last game it was pretty loud like
no fans really left and um it was it was a pretty big cheer for from everyone i don't know they
threw some fake noise in there maybe they still have that going but but it's it's still it's it
honestly man it changes it's so much better like the first game since um you know the last one
without anyone like it made such a difference they come out for one which you're like oh my god like
you're getting it going again there's it's it's still weird that everyone's spaced out but
we'll take it right now uh is it true you you were at a game in buffalo you saw biz score
a biz had a big goal in buffalo yeah what's the deal that's right so that was my first year pro
and uh we were in rochester and i remember like i i lived in uh so my first year i lived in the
house with zach cassian and brady mcnabb and it was it was a fun house and we were like we tried we just come down to Buffalo some nights
we're like you know what do you guys want to do you guys want to go watch a game we're like yeah
sure so they would always set us up they would get us like it was actually kind of funny because
they would actually put us in the stands and I mean I'm not really many people knew probably who
I was but more for Zach Cassian he was like a first-rounder. They put us in the stands. I remember we went to that Phoenix game
and
Biz scored. I remember
seeing it. I'm like, holy shit, Paul Bissonette
scored. There's no way Buffalo's coming back from this.
That's how it all went down.
Biz, we got to see your goal.
You motherfucker.
Hell of a goal.
That's what made Cassian want to get traded.
My mom was there. My grandparents were on the glass.
It was a huge game.
Oh, it was a greasy one, too.
I got off my check, and I just put it right through Enroth's pads.
It was greasy.
But, yeah, thanks for the tire pump.
Great goal.
Great goal.
Wanda Miller wasn't in that.
They canceled school the next day in morning in Buffalo.
Biz school.
Shut up.
Hey, were you there for the butt goal?
Mike Smith's butt goal?
I was, yeah.
That was my buddy Mark Pesek that scored.
I'll never forget that.
That was insane.
That was like, that was when, I think that was one of the bigger games.
That was us versus Phoenix for like the last place.
Flint, Michigan Mega Bowl.
Yeah.
You guys were celebrating like you won the cup that game. Oh man. It was,
I think it was our first win in probably two months. That's why.
I was going to ask who are the characters inside the Minnesota wild locker room?
And I would imagine a suitor suitor is a grumpy guy. And he,
you don't talk to him before he gets his call. Right. Oh yeah. Yeah. He's,
he's, he's, He's grumpy for sure.
He likes the news, and you want to talk about things going on in the world,
that's the guy to talk to, you know?
Yeah.
He's got the stock market going down and all that stuff.
So he's  I don't know, characters in our room, I mean,
you can't go wrong with, like, man, Matt Dumba is an energetic guy.
Ryan Hartman's one of my good buddies on the team.
Man, there's a couple of the Euros are pretty funny guys,
but Nick Bonino is probably underrated. Nicky Bones, right?
Yeah, Nicky Bones is a character.
He's pretty comical.
Yeah, so we've got some interesting guys this year.
I wonder what Suter's opinion on Bitcoin is.
I asked him last night, actually, before the game.
He's my stalemate, so we get him going on XRP and all that stuff,
and he doesn't believe in it.
He's an old school guy.
You ask him about it, he's disgusted.
I asked him, what do you think about Bitcoin?
He just looks at me, and I'm like, okay, have a good day.
Yeah, good seeing you.
Just gives you that glance.
Oh, yeah.
Well, speaking of Suter know him and Parisi came
in together and having the chance to know both those guys and see how good Parisi's been it must
have been a little awkward and tough to see when he did get healthy scratch this year and and was
there any sort of like awkwardness after he kind of came out made it clear he didn't agree with
the situation or was was that all handled behind closed doors yeah I mean a little bit of both I
mean it's tough because, you know,
everything just kind of blows up with the media and stuff like that.
But, you know, Zach is proud.
He's a pro's pro.
Exactly.
And the guy wants to score and he works his ass off every night.
And that's the thing with Zach.
I mean, like, you know, he's probably a little bit down
because, you know, his's probably a little bit down because you know
his his production's not there this year and taking a different role and um that's all right
I think you wanted someone to be you kind of ticked off rather than just say okay let it go
and let it slide and just go with the flow so um but that's the thing like he never changes his
work ethic that guy on the ice so um he's great in the room and you know he's he's been we're gonna need him we're gonna need everyone going down the stretch here
and he's gonna be a big part of it and he scored big goals in his career and uh i guarantee you
he's gonna do it for us in the playoffs marcus as a younger brother did nick taught you a lot as kids
yeah we had like jesus yeah the what well no and then i was gonna say it's a full circle well
i'm okay all right i'm so i'm nipple clamps i'm obviously a little brother to business
speaking of experience yeah no uh like we had we had some big uh altercations with some mini
sticks and things like that any time we played sports it was always nick would be the guy that
would kind of just bump up his score a little bit you know if it was like three one he'd be like i think it's
four one and then they just kind of keep playing you're just like wait a minute so it's just he's
that type of guy and i think that uh yeah like when we were younger it would be we my dad would
probably blow a gasket a couple times the heavy running upstairs and nick and i would have to
pretend like nothing happened we came in the room or something like that.
So a lot of probably some throwing some mini sticks at each other,
probably, probably some suspensions if it, if it happened today on the ice,
but it's all good. It's,
it made us kind of that competitive and gritty,
gritty hockey player that we are now.
But eventually you became the bigger brother. So did the tables turn?
Like, could you take him if you had to?
Yeah, probably like when he got back from like,
probably when I was like 13, it changed.
Nick was like about, you know, 16 or something.
And yeah, I think when I got to juniors, it was different.
I was definitely, he was looking up at me then.
So I think that's, he changed a little bit.
But I mean, still to this day.
Yeah, still to this day. I mean, we work, we train with each other in the summer and it a little bit. But, I mean, still to this day. Yeah, still to this day.
I mean, we train with each other in the summer,
and it doesn't matter.
Our trainer puts us against each other on sprints
and stick handling drills, whatever, and what have you.
And it's always a competition, and it's always,
there's always chirping going on.
So it's a lot of fun.
This year in that fight with, I think it's Kniezov,
how you say his name, you know, you caught him with two,
if not three rights early,
and he's bleeding, and you did a good job.
I mean, I think everyone said they respected a lot.
You kind of saying, hey, refs, get in here.
Is that just, I mean, that's just staying honest to who you are as a player.
You see a guy injured, all right, I'm not going to keep going.
Yeah, I mean, first of all, I didn't want to fight him.
Like, it was, he kind of sticked me in the draw
and I was just kind of ticked off there.
And then came over and he shoved me
and I'm like, oh no, here we go.
So it was just one of those things where like,
when it happens and, you know, you just know,
like I'm sure Biz, like, you know,
when you grab a guy, you know,
when you kind of have, you can, yeah,
and you have him on and like reach on him
and things like that.
So that's what kind of happened when I grabbed him and he swung and he missed me.
I go, okay, like, and I hit him the first time and I can see right away,
like he's already bleeding.
So I just threw another one.
And then it's just one of those things where, yeah,
just the respect factor comes in.
And I know he's a young kid and give him a lot of credit.
I mean, that's, that's huge for, you know,
their dress room and a kid to prove himself like that.
That's what I had to do coming into the league.
And I gave the guys a lot of credit like that.
And I've been on the receiving end of it, too.
So, you know, it is what it is.
But I just think in that instance, you know, you just don't need to keep going.
It's just it's just that calling the refs and go to the box.
Biz knows what it feels like to connect.
And I know how nice saw for whatever his name is
to get one off your forehead yeah the tom wilson approach
the last night one yeah i mean jesus like why do you want to talk about it
put me on it i don't know we already got the headline printed. Nick Foligno's a cheater, says brother.
If I could add anything here,
the New York Rangers actually just released a statement
about the whole Tom Wilson incident.
Oh, we're getting another Montreal incident.
So they've got some violent police support.
The Rangers have released a statement saying
they don't condone the reckless act of violence.
Oh, I can't. I'm glad I waited on the blog.
This is great to have.
You had a great bout with Wilson.
You probably got the better of him, too.
Me and Willie, I think, fought like three times already.
He's a big boy.
He's a big boy.
When he started out,
we fought, I think, twice in Buffalo
and then once in many.
I give that guy
a lot of credit too.
He has to show up and play that physical game every night.
And does he cross the line sometimes?
Yeah.
I mean, there's some, there's some crazy hits that he throws and you're just like, come
on, man.
Like just dial it back a bit.
I mean, like, I know he's got a great contract, but he must be making not a lot compared to
some other guys that play clean that make a lot less of them.
So, I mean, I just feel bad for his bank account sometimes because he's been
taking some hits.
They're going to bring him out in the hand of a lector thing next game.
You know, they do the rituals in the tunnel.
Oh, man.
They're going to have him in the hand of a lector mask.
Does him in New York, do they play again?
Oh, yeah.
Tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night.
Yeah.
This interview is done Tuesday.
Who's on the taxi squad?
Do they call out people?
Yeah, who's getting called out?
Oh, they sent Colt Knorr.
I think they  who else did they get?
Who else?
Andre Poodle.
Andre Poodle.
Lucier.
Yeah, Sestino.
Not Poodle.
Oh, my God.
They're bringing Jody Shelley back.
Yeah, Spider Silva.
Nick Petit, who's coming out of retirement.
You're going to be scissor kicking with the skates on.
Anyway, we've taken a lot of your time.
You guys have anything else?
Actually, I want to ask you, Marcus, you get traded to Minnesota June 30, 2017.
Probably felt like getting the last chopper out of Buffalo at the time.
What was your reaction to the trade hall?
It was you a third and Tyler Rennes for a fourth,
Jason Palminville and Marco Scandella.
I always like to ask guys evaluations of their own trades.
Yeah. I mean, honestly, I remember this really,
because I mean, when it happens, I think you just try to,
it sticks with you.
And it was actually Jason Botterell who traded me from Buffalo.
And I actually had like a meeting with him the week before in Buffalo.
And everything was great.
You know, it sounded like I was going to resign.
And it was just  I asked him like when I got traded, I'm like, you know,
who for?
I think just that's what I want to know.
And so, you know, I said thanks for everything and see you later.
But he just said what it was for. And the reason why I did it,
I think they needed a right-handed shot defenseman in Marco Scandella or,
or, I mean, maybe he's a left-handed, I'm not sure,
but they needed kind of a big shooter defenseman.
So that was one of the things pieces for, and then I don't know, you know,
it was just, it was, it was a weird moment. It was just you know,
you thought that you're going to go play for Buffalo for a lot longer.
I think everyone thinks you can play for one team your whole career, but,
you know, I'm sure glad that it did happen. And, and, you know,
I'm loving the role I have in Minnesota right now and the way that my game's
taken off here. So, yeah, just, you know, whenever I was,
I was lucky to be traded with my buddy Tyler Ennis, who's a,
who's a great guy.
So that was pretty cool getting traded with someone that you're kind of used to but um
yeah he's a character off the ice this tyler he's probably one of the funniest guys you've ever like
yeah it's just insane this guy like yeah i had a night with him in lauderdale i had a night with
him in lauderdale oh my god it was. It was actually, like, probably three months before COVID hit.
He was on the Senators at the time, and he just met me and Merle.
He's like, wait till you meet this guy, Whit.
Did you guys, like, have dinner or something with him?
I don't even think we ate.
Oh, my God.
Got after it.
He's a guy that, like, yeah.
It doesn't matter how many games he's playing this league like he's the
same guy from day one like you just make sure that he packs his toothbrush his bag and he goes on the
road and he has an extra suit like that's the type of guy he is and he's but what a what a guy what a
what a great teammate he is and um i gotta mean that one of the better stories we're in vegas and
like that would just sums them up is like we were having dinner at nobu that night and like he had the girlfriend at the time it was my wife and we had
a couple guys with their girls we were going out for dinner in vegas and and like he shows up like
hour and a half late like to a nobu restaurant and his you know like when you get like uh new
shoes and the laces are all like different like they're like they're like in the one yeah they
go like diagonal he shows up up and his shoelaces are
way too long and they're not even tied.
He comes strutting in an oboe,
sits down. His hair is a
mess and I'm like, oh my god.
This guy is like, that's Tyler
right there for you. He just shows up
and then he's at the party that night.
Hey, we get at Bernie's.
Who's the first guy the Golden
Knights weren't going to take
in the expansion draft.
Hey, well,
we appreciate you coming on
and we've, you know,
actually, I shouldn't say we,
but I've dogged many
and being a little boring
and this year
has changed everything.
I think it's been
a fun team to watch
and I didn't know,
but 11-2-2
in the career
versus Vegas,
the Minnesota Wilders
since they came in the league.
So you got to think you'd be excited to take them on in the first round.
But good luck, and thanks for joining the show.
Yeah, we just stay in our hotel room there.
That's where a bunch of losers want to go to Vegas.
That's why we went.
Yeah, you just let Ennis do it.
All right, buddy.
Appreciate it.
Thanks, Marcus.
Good luck on the playoffs, brother.
Take care.
Thanks, Marcus.
Man, huge thanks to Marcus Foligno for joining us.
Got to love when the current players come on, and they're completely honest and hilarious, Thanks, Marcus. Man, huge thanks to Marcus Foligno for joining us.
I got to love when the current players come on and they're completely honest and hilarious,
and that's exactly what he was.
So big thanks to him for doing that for us.
Hold on.
All right, sorry.
That Kaprizov sending that fucking text message
is one of the funniest stories.
Oh, I didn't see it.
Hold on.
What was that?
What was that?
The one in the interview already? The one in the interview.
All right.
The one that you are rated fucking Felino.
Just.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm thinking tonight, dude.
I'm so we know.
I remember, dude.
I remember that he fucking shit all over the teammates.
I, I, I, he was talking about like, and what we were at the show.
That's why I was lost.
Caprizo.
I've texted busy.
He said, Hey, how's the recording going?
He goes, Hey, I was already pet squirrel squirrel like i used to have one in kazakhstan you're having a
glass of wine i'm getting a glass of wine yeah go get a glass of you know dude i 100 thought that
was something like related to the games because i i fucking i get locked down when i gotta do the
ad so incredible story thank you to marcus felino for giving us a little bit of look inside uh
minnesota wild training camp this year
and probably the spark that ignited this whole team
and this run they're on.
Now, going back to this series quickly,
and we're going to have to give you our prediction picks,
the physicality.
Four guys in that first game, double digits and hits.
McNabb and Reeves for Vegas, I think, had 10 each.
And Witt, he brought it up in this interview,
that line between Erickson at Greenway and Foligno,
they are monsters.
26 collective hits in game one.
And if there was one matchup that this Vegas team,
who play like a bunch of bullies, did not want to run into,
it's the way that this Minnesota team's been constructed.
And, R.A., you have this fucking smirk on your face.
I don't know if I said 21st.
I don't know what I said that's so funny.
What are you giggling about?
No, it's just that I was  I don't know where we were supposed to cut off.
Like, I fucking butchered that part when you guys mentioned Caprizov.
I thought it was something recent, and I never got to the ad
before you jumped into it.
So, I was just going to jump into the ad after you talked about the series.
What's the ad? Let's talk about it. Who's the company?
Absolutely. I was going to
take my glasses off because I'm blind, but I can't because
these are Shady Rays. One thing
I've been preaching for years on Checklist Biz
is that you do not need to break the bank for
a sweet pair of quality shades,
which is why Shady Rays are the ideal
pair of sunglasses with someone just around the
corner. Shady Rays are premium
polarized shades at a fraction of the price of the big
name brands. Folks,
you guys haven't seen me wear these on Instagram stories for the last few
months, few weeks, whatever.
I haven't said nothing yet because we haven't had them their initial add on.
These are Shady Rays, man.
Instead of spending all kinds of dough and hundreds and hundreds of dollars on
sunglasses, Shady Rays hooks you up.
The craziest thing about them is the warranty.
It's one of the strongest warranties in the game game you get replacements if the shades are lost or broken
for any reason doesn't matter if you're dropping the drink ocean lake whatever they replace them
these things are unreal and even with that strong of a warranty they still manage to make quality
that's as good as any expensive pair i've ever bought i'll tell you that because i've always
said it man you don't spend more than x month on sunglasses. Well, you know what? You can spend 48 and get two pairs of these bad boys
and Shady Rays. Shady Rays also provides 10 meals to fight hunger in America with every order placed.
They've donated over 15 million meals to date. So you're helping a great cause when you grab a pair
or two and the best part too is free exchanges, free returns. You either love the shades or Shady Rays will ship them back.
It's that simple, so easy.
So change the way you wear sunglasses and join the team that has your back for life.
Shady Rays is running the deepest deal of the season exclusively for us here at Spittin' Chicklets.
Use the code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, for 50 off two or more pairs at shady
rays.com. Just like it sounds shady rays.com.
Buy one, get one free. You can get two pairs for 48.
It's an unreal deal. These things are great. I love them.
I've been wearing it for a long time now.
Redeem only at shady rays.com where you can find all the newest and best
shades. Good stuff. Also get your bucket hat to it. All right, we'll wrap it up. So you look great in the newest and best shades. Good stuff. Also, you get your bucket hat to it.
All right, we'll wrap it up.
You look great in those, by the way, R.A.
Do you think they could make ones that fit my nose?
I have a hard time finding ones that fit the part of my nose up here.
Yeah, I don't know, man.
It's funny.
You don't think about someone's nose in sunglasses until someone says,
hey, look at their nose.
And then it does look like a fucking giant fucking potato.
All right.
I'll talk to the rep then.
Great, great ad read.
All right.
You're buzzing.
So physical series.
I got, I believe I picked Vegas in seven.
Yeah.
Or maybe Vegas in six.
Help me out.
If you want to actually see all of our picks,
you can hit up our social channels.
We got them all listed there, right?
All but yours.
You were a little bit late before Merle's blog
went up. So we do have yours on record
though if people want to call us.
Who do I have? Vegas in six? Let's see.
Vegas in seven for Merle's. I had
Vegas in six, even though I bet Minnesota
in game one. Whit had Minnesota in
seven, the only member of the crew to do so.
Grinnelly, Vegas in six. Biz,
Vegas in six.
I think if the Wild are to win the series,
it's going to kind of be a lot of like game one where Talbot has to stand on
his head and they got to win some low scoring games.
Cause,
um,
they're,
they're outmatched.
You know,
I don't think there's fast Vegas is a great team,
but I still,
I still think the wild have something brewing this year and that's why I
picked them.
Yeah. We need Kaprizov to maybe go off for one or two games
where he puts the team on the back.
Or that line.
It's just hammering people away.
I mean, they're good.
They're good.
Bro Dean, another underrated D-man.
Watch him.
All you youngsters out there, watch the positioning.
Watch the stick.
Watch how this guy plays.
All right, moving right along. There was a second
game that started after the Bruins tonight. I just want
to pull up the correct score here.
Carolina beat Nashville 5-2 in game
one. It was a Monday night game. 8 o'clock
it started. It was the first ever playoff meeting
between the two teams. Obviously, they
have been in different conferences forever.
And Whit, I don't know if you're like a
map or geography guy
but i looked up how far apart raleigh and nashville were on the map and i was stunned at how far apart
they were when i looked it up um yeah tennessee isn't that close to north carolina is it they
abut each other they really on the board that's why i was so stunned when i looked this up wow what was it
549 miles between raleigh and nashville right and from perspective boston and dc are 439 miles apart
so when you look at a map you just think they're all that southern region they're that close they're
two states next to each other fucking 100 more miles than boston from dc so anyways i digress carolina
beat up on him for the most part let's stick with geography i'll take uh i'll take tunisia for 200
i'll say this in that first period i'm like oh my goodness nashville's playing right up to right up
to the caliber that carolina is and after that though it faded off carolina maintained that pace
as they always do um i'll tell you what, I think it was a couple years ago,
might have even been last year,
where Nashville's power play just completely forgot
to show up in the postseason.
If they don't start executing on their power play,
there's not a chicken-dick's chance
they're going to last in the series.
I think it's going to be over in five if they're lucky.
But I don't think UC Soros is going to be able to pull off his magic
like he did on other teams compared to Carolina.
And they are full bore.
I think Jordan Stahl, a couple tucks.
He's looking like his early days in Pittsburgh, Witt.
Put the boy, you know.
He's looking like the Stanley Cup champion, Jordan Stahl.
Abercrombie and Fitch, tight white tees. Maybe he was 20 years old when he won the Cup, you know, he's looking like the Stanley cup champion, Jordan stall. What was he?
20 white tees.
Maybe he was 20 years old when he won the cup,
shutting down top lines in Detroit,
shutting them down throughout the playoffs in Washington.
He's a beast.
I would say by far and away to me,
this would be the biggest upset.
I think if Nashville beat Carolina,
it'd be a bigger upset than any other series in
the league Carolina is awesome they are right there I think whoever wins Florida Tampa Bay I
think Carolina will be favored and I just think a lot of that team I think that they have so many
guys that actually nobody on that team gets talked about enough and part of that is where the team is in north carolina and how the fan base it is rabid there is there is a portion of rabid fans but that place doesn't
really get crazy unless the team's really good you've seen some years when the attendance is
poor so in leading up to like guys not getting discussed enough they're kind of a team that
hops tops to mind so svetchnikov you, you've seen what he's able to do.
He keeps getting better and better.
He plays with fucking balls too.
I mean, you remember he went at Ovi.
Ovi knocked him out, but still you're like,
this kid doesn't care.
And the list goes on and on.
Like Niederreiter scored the winning goal tonight.
It was awesome play.
I think Johansson got caught puck watching a little bit.
He was in the high slot, but they're so deep.
And Stolze's a guy who doesn't need to carry them offensively at all,
but you know you're getting 17 minutes out of them,
PK and shutting down top lines.
So they have just so many different names.
Now, goaltending's interesting because they didn't go with Mrazek.
Right.
I was surprised about that.
I can never say his name. R.A., the starting
goalie tonight, just help me out quick.
Nadelkovich.
He won the Calder Cup
a few years ago.
Welcome to the club.
Hey, can we welcome him to the club?
Give him a round of applause.
That's what Biz has as well.
Thank you.
Welcome to the ring of honor, my friend.
But Carolina is a lot of people's pick to go to the Cup,
and I think that that sounds weird to many fans,
but if you've watched this team play and you've seen them all year,
they were legit contenders to win the President's Trophy.
They're nasty.
I think I can play net for the Carolina Hurricanes,
and I think we'd do all right. That's how good they are in front of them but i still think
he's a very competent goalie i don't think they're worried about who's in net i think they're just
such a good one great point you know they just they got such a good team where it's like hey
provide solid goaltending and we're going to be all right and uh they are fun to watch and wit
you alluded to uh you know how sometimes when the fans
aren't around when they're not doing so well well they are and they got the start off playoffs with
i believe 12 000 uh sarah sarah civian yeah sarah civian was in the press box uh she was there to
watch it live she posted a video just kind of panning it looked like it was full because everyone's
waving it looked like it was packed yeah i think somebody said there was only 12 000 i could be completely wrong but uh they they showed
up loud and proud and what a performance they put on yeah biz you mentioned the goaltenders and
obviously carolina can throw any guy out marazic rima nadeltovich either either one of those guys
have been fucking getting it right yeah right yeah right. Right. Yeah. Reimer. Didn't I just say that? Oh, I meant, I meant, I was trying to come in with David Ayers.
Whoopsie daisy.
But you guys.
Yeah.
Oh man.
But yeah, either way, dude, I think Nashville's not dead yet,
but they're going to have their work cut off on.
They didn't score a lot of goals this year, man.
And Saros has been so good for so long.
You wonder how long you can keep it up.
If not providing for him offensively.
16-6-1 with a 1-9-0 goals against and a 9-4-1 save percentage
since March 18th with three shutouts.
But, I don't know, like I said, he's got his work cut out for him.
Was it Tara Vinen who kind of had the similar Sidney Crosby goal
where he Zoro'd it?
Yes, yes, it was very similar.
Yeah, it was, eh?
Yeah, that tied it up, too, because Forsberg scored on a sick pass from Johansson,
and then he was, like, yelling up to somebody in the crowd,
that was for you, baby, staring at a Canes fan.
Or maybe there was a Preds fan up in the building.
Oh, we forgot to mention, there was a Bruins Capitals fan brawl
in the top, like, section in the first period.
That's how to announce your presence with authority.
Glad you made it out safe, R.A.
Oh, yeah.
I got tagged in and all that shit.
But you couldn't really tell who was beating who up, though.
I mean, obviously, the Bruins jerseys involved.
Early brawl, though.
Game two, first period.
I will say it's a little discouraging when they finally allow fans back in buildings
where everywhere you look there's scraps going on at every sporting event right now what was the one
the boxing event that got real ugly dude how about that guy's punch in san diego oh yeah the baseball
game that guy that guy had his hands down what was that guy doing though like what was the guy doing with through the punch but what was the guy doing standing there well it was it was obvious that the other
guy was irritated to a certain he was coming he was coming because he was irritated about something
and he just i'm just saying it would be like revo just cold cocking me and that's how much that guy
just dropped oh no that was a monster knockout punch but i'm just saying like i couldn't
believe like no matter who it is if i know i'm getting killed tim jackman you have to at least
like i don't know protect yourself i turtled do something that guy was just like yeah man what's
going on unless you got a great lawyer and you're looking to cash in you don't stand yeah when you
get a young kid like that who's probably hopped up shit face and you don't get up put your arms up
just sit down be like buddy like if you don't get up then he probably isn't going to feel
frightened by it once he stood up the kid probably felt threatened even though i knew what happened
to me i was going to teach classes on how to have a story come out of what no i mean it was just i
think a drunk young guy and an older guy thought he was going to be like hey buddy come on and he
you know he made a shit call and yeah the kid probably didn't need to punch him there i don't
think it was a case of self-defense.
It was a kid who was looking to be a fan of the offense.
I don't think you could pay me enough to fucking care that much about sports.
Where I'd be getting a fist fight at a sporting event.
I'm guessing it wasn't about sports.
NFL games are the worst, dude.
There's so many donkeys at fucking NFL games.
It's like nonstop that bullshit.
Oh, Colorado 2-1.
Carolina had 12,000 people in the building and yeah i think there was one building that had full capacity but either way it's nice to see people finally
getting back in the building um the next series that just started tonight monday at 10 o'clock
uh colorado just went up two to one it's the second ever playoff meeting between these two
teams st louis blues colorado avalanche the first since the 2001 western conference finals It's the second ever playoff meeting between these two teams, St. Louis Blues, Colorado Avalanche.
The first since the 2001 Western Conference Finals.
The Avalanche won the season series 5-3.
Let's see.
Leading scorer, Perron, for St. Louis is in COVID protocol.
So that's a tough loss for them.
Fucking tough loss.
I'm not sure.
We've been obviously recording and watching the Bruins.
I don't know if Tarasenko was in the game tonight.
I know he was TBD.
Ryan O'Reilly with a big quote, we're going to have some fun
and we're going to beat them, which is a pretty big
quote coming from a guy against the favorites, but
he's backed it up in the past.
Nate Dogg was expected to play. I'm pretty sure
he was out there tonight. He just talked.
Okay, he missed four out of the last five.
Bo Byram, I'm not sure if he played. He was
also had an upper body injury,
but either way, I think this series is going to be tighter than people think, Biz.
Colorado is a huge favorite.
I think St. Louis is like 100 to make 400.
I don't know.
If Bennington shows up like he's capable of,
this series is going to be pretty tight, I think.
I don't think things are going so well in the National Hockey League.
I don't think that we're going to get the treat of seeing Vegas
and Colorado face each other.
But I can't see St. Louis beating Colorado.
But I will say there's obviously a question mark in one net,
and I'm very confident in Binnington.
And if they're going to win this series, he's going to have to stand on his head,
and I think he's capable of doing it.
But, no, I think  am I contradicting myself right now? going to have to stand on his head and i think he's capable of doing it but no i think i think
uh am i contradicting myself right now does that sound do i sound like you just well you picked
you picked you picked vegas and then you just said you don't think colorado and vegas are going
to play against each other but we all all picked Colorado to win the series.
You picked Colorado, so you're all over the map right now.
All right.
Should I start over, or should we just keep going?
No, just keep going.
It's going to be like Stanley Kubrick right now.
You do as he says.
Put on the fucking Yankees hat, Biz.
I'm putting on the Yankees hat.
I think Bennington could steal a series, but I can't see it happening.
I'm very confident in Colorado. Me hat. I think Binnington could steal a series, but I can't see it happening. I'm very confident in Colorado.
Me too.
That's the way it lies.
They're going to make it a dogfight.
They're going to make them have to claw their way out of it.
But I just think too much firepower,
even if the goaltending is below average for Colorado,
I think they're still going to find a way to win it.
And too many weapons.
Too many weapons. I don't know.
That was like the goaltending situation in general for my mind pretzel right there too much speed although
kairu is so fast in st louis he has the goal tonight but shots are 33 they were just 33 16
st louis just got one and i don't i don't see them matching up well against colorado i know
ryan o'reilly's quote was talked about.
What else was he going to say, by the way?
For what he's done, he's a guy who was able to go in there and talk about how he thinks his team's going to win.
I mean, I don't think that was anything crazy.
He ain't going to be remembered for his quote where he said
they thought they were going to beat Colorado.
I think he's going to be remembered for the consmite in the cup.
I think he's got a few in the bank where he can drop a few.
Yeah, we're going to guarantee it. He's like, no one's gonna bring this up ever again once if we lose but uh i don't know
no perron thing sucks because the career he's had and the run he had when they won the cup he was
so instrumental in that championship team so you need goal scoring you need the ability to kind of
try to match firepower but this colorado team oh bur, I think, just rung one off the bar.
They are so good.
Makar's goal in the first period was a typical walk the line,
500 miles an hour going sideways somehow.
And it was on the power play.
Bozak kind of bit.
And you could tell he was so pissed off because I'm sure they're saying
whatever you can do to make sure Makar doesn't get a step on you
and get the middle because he just has a wrist shot there
with the screen in front. He picks the corner. It doesn't matter a step on you and get the middle because he just has a wrist shot there with a screen in front he picks the corner it doesn't matter and he did it
to go up one nothing I love Colorado in this series I think that them I think that they're
it's a little up there with now um Carolina's how much better they are than Nashville yeah I forgot
to give the predictions before we started talking about the series uh let's see Grinnelly had
Colorado on four Murley had Colorado in five.
Witt and Biz both had Colorado in six.
I have Colorado in seven.
So nobody pulling for the Blues in the series.
Now, the reason I did say that, though, is I am a bit of a mush.
You're talking to me.
I know.
And I didn't want to jinx potentially getting Vegas, Colorado,
because I think that would be such a treat.
I think you're trying to, like, not pick anyone.
I think you're trying to end up.
No, I picked Colorado, and I picked Vegas.
Okay.
All right, boys, moving right along.
The North Division, those two series have not started yet.
Those guys up north had some COVID difficulties, COVID delays.
But either way, Wednesday night at 9 o'clock, Winnipeg and Edmonton,
the first ever playoff meeting between these two franchises.
Of course, this iteration of the Winnipeg Jets is the old Atlanta Thrashers,
not the Biz Coyotes we're familiar with.
Edmonton steamrolled the Jets this year, 7-2 in the season series.
Ill has had the last nine games with an upper body injury.
We'll see if he gets in the lineup or not.
Mike Smith been huge for Edmonton this year.
Edmonton a huge favorite here.
What are we going to get from the series, Biz?
I'm very confident in Edmonton.
I don't think that Winnipeg has been very solid down the stretch.
I think they faded off.
I feel like them losing Ehlers or is he what,
a game time decision for game one,
or is he still listed as day to day?
They weren't saying he was a hundred percent.
And so,
yeah,
he's probably game time decision.
Cause I look,
I look at that type of injury,
the same one as if not worse than like the least losing Hyman in a sense of
like what he brings to the lineup and the energy
he creates and what he's able to do on his own out there on the on the sheet of ice so that is a
devastating loss they don't have the defense in order to afford to lose that type of offense
hellebuck's got to fucking stand on his head if they have a chance um we we know what they got
up front they do have weapons guys but i want to
talk weapons look at the other team they're playing against those are some weapons and the numbers
that they they put up down the stretch i feel like every day there's more numbers rolling out
about what mcdavid did in the last you know 30 games of the season because that's how insane it
was so right now i'm very bullish on Edmonton I think
that they're going to meet the Leafs in the next one and we'll get to that later I don't think that
I don't know the exact year I think it was like in the last 30 years
only Mario Lemieux has had a higher point per game average over in the course of a season than
McDavid it was Mario Lemieux did it one it had the best first, second, and third, and McDavid was like fourth in terms of points per game.
Maybe it was 25 years, 30 years, I don't know,
but there's nothing on the other side that can match with this guy
and Dreitzel, Colon.
And I think that if you look at Winnipeg's D
and everyone said they had to do something at the deadline
and then you see McDavid, it's like, you know, Pionk and Morrissey.
There's some good defensemen, right?
They brought in Jordy Ben, but Dylan DeMello.
I don't see guys that are going to be able to even come close
to shutting them down.
And that's why they dominated them in the regular season.
Why would you think anything different?
Hellebook had times when he wasn't really himself.
I love Edmonton in this series.
I think Edmonton's on, we need, if we don't get,
if we don't get Edmonton, Toronto, Edmonton, Toronto,
one of Edmonton, Toronto, or Vegas, Colorado,
then we got, we got kicked in the deck.
We're quitting the podcast.
Yeah, we might be done.
Retired.
I just want to discuss compensation first.
Biz, you can't donate your foreskin because that's already donated.
What was that again?
If the Leafs don't get out of this. Oh, I said I'd chop off my dick, the whole thing,
if they didn't make it to the Stanley Cup Finals.
I think they're going to win it, and we could talk about that one right now i don't think montreal's
won a game since the all-star break although there wasn't one i think what have they lost
the last five fucking games coming into playoffs just back just beep beep beep
i don't are they even playing the series are they going to forfeit Leafs are going to win in three
Leafs are going to win in three
you need
we need you in Leafs stuff
we need
do we have Leafs shirts coming out
what I got coming is a custom
jersey you remember when they used to do the split
jerseys I got a
Coyotes jersey and it says biz and then on the other side
matthews whatever the last part of that name would spell out and it's a leafs slash coyote's jersey
so it's a smooth transition he's gonna deliver for the maple leaves and then he's gonna come
deliver for the coyote so i think it's uh yeah. So I do have some merchandise, if you're wondering.
Did you guys see the Leafs shirt that I put out?
It's all white.
It says our year with the Leafs logo on the front and on the back.
It's every single year since 1967 crossed out.
And then it just says 2021 circled in the back.
How's it selling?
I mean, it's selling decent.
But, man, the Leafs fans were pissed at me.
Okay. Leafs fans were just flooded with people so the only people you wanted to be happy with it or pissed at it
it was kind of a troll shirt i sent it to ra beforehand and was like i'm gonna i'm gonna
fuck with lease fans right now if anything else no matter what you do they ain't losing to the
habs and they're going to be past the first round for the first time in a long time. It is crazy, though. Imagine Price just catches fire,
and all of a sudden the Habs get the magic,
the playoff magic from Montreal's past.
Well, I hadn't mentioned the predictions yet,
and everybody except myself has Toronto winning.
Merles has Toronto in four.
Grinnelli, Toronto in four.
Biz, Toronto in five.
Witt, Toronto in six.
And myself, I have Montreal in seven.
All right, that's the biggest troll call.
When we sent all of each other these picks, I said right away,
that's you being a troll.
No, me saying Pittsburgh's going to lose is my biggest troll call
because Pittsburgh fans are the biggest whiners out there.
Toronto fans can whine their fair share as well,
but they're kind of friendly whining.
Pittsburgh people get genuinely mad when they pick against them.
Hey, I'll tell you this, R.A.,
that's going to be the worst pick of your life because
the Leafs are actually staying in a baza
right now. That's how
serious they're taking this.
Did you hear that, Whit?
Shanahan and Dubas
has them staying in the baza
in Toronto. They might be
over by Spain when you said that because I
figured you're busy. Isn't the Basel where they made
the Russian team stay the night before so they
stay out of money stuff?
I thought it was like a fucking yuppie hotel
or something. No, honestly
I think when Montreal, and I've said it for
years, when they put that
fucking jersey on in the playoffs in that locker
room, I think it's almost like Clark Kent
putting the Superman outfit on. There's just something
that those guys just feel
something different. They play different. They play
at a different level. I usually don't buy
into the cosmic shit like that, but with the Montreal
Canadiens, I've seen enough of it to know that
it happened. So yeah, Montreal in
seven. That's my prediction. Also, we didn't
say Edmonton versus Winnipeg. We all picked
Edmonton. Merle's in Witt
in six. Me and Grinnelly in five
and Biz in six as well.
So those are our predictions.
So you can fucking listen to some,
uh,
a have,
um,
has there been,
I think I might've brought this up last podcast.
Are they doing the final four somewhere for hockey?
So I heard they pitched to do Arizona as a landing spot.
Once,
uh,
the Western Northern division comes down,
which I think would be,
they have to go final
four somewhere that has full capacity and then everyone can fly that's what they're i think
they're trying to pitch that for for arizona at that point in time right i mean the thing the
thing is is that's assuming either vegas or colorado are in it you have to you have to find
a neutral location and or i guess would edmonton have a home base at one of the rinks?
Because you obviously couldn't do a seven-game series.
Let's say Vegas advances to the conference finals.
And let's say, well, I got the Leafs, right?
The Final Four, you mean?
The Final Four.
So when the Leafs come down, well, they can't play all seven games
out of T-Mobile or Arena
no no no no it has to be I'm sorry I didn't I didn't catch on that I it has to be neutral
has to be so you think it has to be so do you think it has to be neutral for all seven games
or do you have to think it has to be neutral for just no I think that they should go to a city that
that that doesn't have like Nashville they should go to a city that doesn't have,
like Nashville, they should go to fucking Nashville and play the Final Four in Nashville.
That's what they should do.
Right there.
Write that on a tweet, Grinnelli.
Nashville for the Final Four,
because the Preds aren't going to be in.
So you don't think that in a situation
where a team makes it to the conference finals,
they should be given the advantage for their home games
to at least have their home crowd
because the North team doesn't have that advantage?
I'm just thinking tournament style in one city.
Buddy, it's a great topic of conversation
because they're going to have to figure that out at some point.
Well, that's the thing because if you look at it,
when the North winner comes out
and they get matched up somehow,
which is so sick, by the way, that you don't know who's going to be playing who.
It's like the fact that Toronto could come out and end up playing Vegas.
It's like a key party.
Oh, my goodness.
So say Toronto plays Vegas and goes and they got 20,000 in Vegas,
running them out of the building.
Then they go up to Canada and there's zero people there.
Or they can't even let the teams into Canada.
No, but here's the problem, though, is what would happen would be
is they would go over to Arizona if that was one of the landing grounds
for at least their home ice.
And then they come over like Mad Max through the desert.
Just fucking terrorizing the leafs man but i tell you what i bet you there's enough leaves is tom hardy fucking i guarantee on something hey i guarantee fucking
to you though let's say arizona was a landing spot which would be fucking genius if it was
the leafs because of the austin matthews connection to make arizona the hotbed for
the leafs as their home games.
I bet you could get enough people from Canada committing to coming down here
and dealing with even a quarantine on the way back to come see the Leafs.
No, it would be like Pasha and never go back.
Yeah, well, that's true too.
Yeah, they'd be stuck here.
It's a wonder.
It's wide open down here.
I just don't think it'll be Canada.
Whoever wins the North, they're going somewhere.
Well, buddy, that's no doubt because the the no fans thing but what they have to to look forward to is what states at that point in time will will be full capacity because if you
gotta i mean you're as a business you're like hey yeah if this if this place is fully open, let's roll, right? It'll be Texas. It could be Stars rank, Preds rank, Coyotes rank.
Yep.
Florida, yeah.
If Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisiana had teams,
they would have full capacity.
Actually, that reminded me.
No, they should do it.
You know where they should do it?
Where they did the Canelo fight.
Do it at Jerry's World.
Texas, yeah, Jerry's World.
By the way, Lodge and Robbie did a great job doing that.
Can you imagine the hockey Final Four at fucking Dallas Cowboys Stadium,
ATT Stadium?
Talk about game-changing.
Biz, this is crazily going back in time, but into this show.
You brought up Nick Dowd.
When I was looking him up tonight, I saw he's
HockeyDB, you never know, but he says he's from Alabama.
Do you know if he grew up there? Yeah, yeah, he's from Alabamab you never know like but he says he's from alabama did he like
do you know if he grew up there yeah yeah he's from really yep yep he grew up playing hockey
in alabama i asked him to come on the show he'll come tell his whole story i love him on the summer
did he go to saint cloud where do you go to school yeah saint cloud four years i saw played in the
ushl but i didn't know if he was born in bama and then moved somewhere it's just i don't know the
hockey there it's i felt like uh i felt like uh half our team when i was playing for the la kings
farm team came from saint cloud so i think one thing that's bugsy land yeah one yeah they're
they're well yeah they know what they know how to have a good time uh but i think it's wise if you
if you trust in the development where the players are coming from and how coachable they are
and you have somebody that you can trust on the inside,
yeah, go back to the well.
And they did a great job of drafting guys out of there.
I think who else came out of St. Cloud from there?
Kevin Gravel, who is an up-and-down guy.
I think Kyle Brodziak was another guy.
No, I don't think Brodziak.
Not Kyle Brodziak. Brodzinski. Brodzinski't think Brodziak. Not Kyle Brodziak.
Brodzinski.
Brodzinski.
Jensen, the defenseman on the Capitals, who's playing nice, too.
He played at St. Cloud.
They got a lot of NHLers there.
I was so happy in the broadcast, too.
First of all, I didn't realize until after the first period I'd have to watch
Nesson, and I got to go to NBC Sports.
I didn't think they
were allowed to be on at the same time i don't know the fucking rules would either but i i thought
at first we're gonna have to listen to nesson and i was relieved that we can get um yeah and i was
so the only reason i just thought of this is because edzo was talking about craig anderson
and they were going back to how when they beat the bruins in the first round in 16, I think it was, they went on to the conference final,
and then Edzo goes, yeah, and they lost in overtime
in game seven to the Penguins.
And I'm like, don't say his name, don't say his name,
don't say his name, and he didn't say Kunitz scored.
I was fucking loving it.
Had a knuckle.
Send him a text.
Will Kunitz come on the show?
Does anyone know him?
I don't know.
I mean, I'm sure.
I mean,
dragon,
not his nuts all over your forehead.
He really didn't like it,
but no,
I'm sure he'd come on for a while.
I'll get to work.
I'll get to work boys.
All right.
All right.
Hey,
Montreal Toronto.
We didn't really get to the specifics of that game.
One is Thursday at seven 30.
This is the first series between these two teams since 1979, since the 67 expansion. It's only the third time they've played each other. So this is huge first series between these two teams since 1979 since the 67 expansion it's only the
third time they've played each other so this is huge man two original six teams can it from canada
going at it uh i love it toronto was seven two and one during the year versus montreal montreal
three six and one uh gallagher and price they actually played a game on laval on a conditional
loan i believe that was monday night so i'm not sure how they did. Price had a concussion back in April.
Gallagher had gotten hit by a shot, so hopefully those guys will get back in.
He broke it.
Didn't he break his thumb?
Yeah, he did.
Yeah, he banged up his hand.
So he went down to Laval to play a game in order to get ready and in shape?
Yeah, him and Price did, yeah.
Good for him.
That tells you how much he loves the game
and how much he wants to be ready to go.
That's going down to the jungle, Whit.
Would you do that before a big
playoff game if you were gallagher yes because you i mean you want to get legs you want to feel
the puck you want to be in a game it's it's so different but still i was reading a couple tweets
that he was just like being typical brendan gallagher up out there too just like having a
ball getting in probably telling every single one of those guys across from how much money he has more than them and just fucking planting in front of that
dropping farts in front of the goalie's face but how much more comfortable would you feel going
into game one of the playoffs just like having a little some sort of competitive game action
under your belt i i think it would help 100 yeah and he missed a lot of games down the stretch, too.
I mean, Jake Allen, I thought he was really good this year for Montreal.
Jack Campbell is going to be starting game one for Toronto.
Freddie Anderson missed 24 of the last 25 games for Toronto
with a banged up knee.
And also, Riley Nash, he was acquired by the Maple Leafs
prior to the deadline.
He hadn't played yet.
Sheldon Keefe said, we're going to keep him involved right away
and just rely upon the fact that he's a very smart player very experienced guy and
that we trust he's going to be able to fit right in so uh it looks like he's going to jump right
into the lineup and i don't see why you wouldn't he's got that veteran experience and also zach
hyman is expected back as well so again we're all looking forward to this series montreal toronto
good shit any final notes, before we move along?
Final note is Gabriel Landeskog just finished off a Gordie Howe hat trick.
He beat the shit out of Braden Shen, which Shen is tough.
Yeah, he is.
And pounded him in the first period.
He got an assist on the  well, Rantanen made the nice play,
but he dished it down the wall on the McKinnon goal,
and then he just got a goal to make it 3-1.
So, have a night, Gabriel. No check, let'sinnon goal, and then he just got a goal to make it 3-1. So have a night,
Gabriel. A little checklist
bump? No, I don't.
All right, gang. SimplySafe
is an award-winning home security system,
so you know it's engineered with the latest
technology you want to keep your family safe.
But what really sets SimplySafe
apart is its people.
Highly trained security experts who are always
there for you when you need
them most these are people who truly care about you being safe so when an alarm goes off a person
who cares about you is there for you with a phone call to make sure everything's okay and they'll
get fire and or police responders to your front door right away even if you're just having a
problem setting up a person who can take care of you is there right away as well with a friendly
chat and a quick resolution i hooked this thing up and again it's so easy that i could do it so if i
can you can i'm not exactly timmy tool time over here so the bottom line is when you need the most
simply safe is there 24 7 with people who care and experts trained to not only keep you safe but to
make you feel safe to learn more about simplyafe and how they can help protect you and your family,
visit simplisafe.com slash chicklets today to customize your system
and get a free security camera.
You also get a 60-day risk retrial, so there's nothing to lose.
Once again, that's simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
Check it out.
Again, you want to protect your homestead these days.
Can't do any better
than Simply Safe.
All right, gang, chugging right along here.
We got a lot of notes tonight.
One last note quickly, sorry, before
we get to the other hockey stuff.
My buddy got
pounded Sunday gambling. I think he
lost all three. I think he had
the pens, the knights
and the cats. And then he's like oh whatever
i'm laying it all down i just laid it all down on calgary they're fucking buzzing in cow town
for the playoffs and i go dude it's a regular season game he's like no oh my god and and in
all fairness like it's never happened before he He's like, what the fuck is this?
With a regular season 10 o'clock game after those three playoff games with two teams that aren't even in the playoffs, I told him.
So Calvi, he woke up.
He did the 3 a.m. piss check.
They were up 5-1 and blew it in the third and then won in overtime.
So it would have been the biggest sweat of all time had he stayed up for the big Calgary-Vancouver playoff.
So he made all of his money back,
which is like another example of how the league can't lose right now.
They had that game to follow all the playoff games.
Yeah, but that was only for the true, like,
I can't use certain words because of Alhona,
but that was only for people who really needed a comeback
on fucking Sunday
night.
Like trust because flames in Canucks fans watch that game.
Yeah, dude.
I, I bet Calgary on the puck line wet.
They were plus one 75 and like, I wasn't watching it.
I just bet it.
Cause I lost the last game of the night.
I bet fly bet.
Florida lost that.
I actually had Minnesota and I don't deserve in a day,
but I'm trying to get my money back and they're up five, one.
I'm like,
it should be okay. It's third period. I know it's not over. Back and look, it was 5-5
overtime. So, of course,
I didn't even bet them fucking money. I had them
regulation and puck, so I lost both of them.
And it's like, you're an asshole for
betting that fucking game when you bet it.
That's right. I got it all back in the
game, though. That is a kick in the
dick. That was a kick in the dick that was a kick in the
dick but all right some fun some other hockey notes here we want to pass along that's pretty
much it for the playoffs conor mcdavid led the league in scoring with 33 goals 72 assists 105
points in 56 games played uh leon dreistad will finish second mashan was third mitch mana fourth
austin matthews led the league with 41 goals. The next closest was McDavid with 33.
Chip Rinkat was third with 32.
We want to send a congrats to Paul Stastny,
who played his 1,000th NHL game Tuesday versus Vancouver.
He was the first member of the fabled Stastny family to reach that number,
so congrats to him.
What a guy he is.
And he promised me first summer after after he retires he's coming on
great stories actually i remember he enormous soccer fan i know he's big into that he's just
a guy that any anyone who's ever played with them he's one of their favorite teammates like always
in a good mood unreal player hell of a career congrats to him i I think he's a Chelsea fan, isn't he?
I don't know what team he roots for.
Maybe Man United.
I don't think it's Chelsea.
Or Man City, maybe.
I think he roots for the same team.
I know Steen.
Steen is nuts for Man City.
So I should get in touch with him for a little bet for Champions League.
I should get good odds.
And I don't know Stas' team.
It might  is it Man U?
I think it might be Man U.
But we're going to have him on.
I just wanted to let everyone know.
You're going to love him.
Yeah, he's the first member of the organization to get a silver stick as well.
Like I mentioned earlier, those Jets are the former Atlanta Thrashers,
not the old Jets that Big Walt played for.
And he also started at center in that 1,000th game.
It was pretty cool what Paul Maurice did.
He let him take the opener faceoff with Blake Wheeler and Nate Thompson,
who are also the guys who had the most games at their positions for the team
history as well.
So it was a pretty cool thing that Maurice did.
And speaking of coaches,
some doing some pretty cool things after we recorded last Monday,
Tampa based out of the first ever all black line and an NHL game.
I'm surprised it took this long.
Daniel Walcott, Matthew Joseph and Jamel Smith all lined line in an NHL game. I'm surprised it took this long. Daniel Walcott, Matthew Joseph, and Jamel Smith
all lined up to start the game together.
It was Walcott's first NHL game as well.
Tampa Bay coach John Cooper said,
first of all, they're all in the NHL for a reason.
They deserve to be here.
They've worked their tails off to have them all together.
They have a little chemistry moving forward in the league.
You hope it isn't a story anymore, and it's the norm.
It was a pretty cool moment for all those guys. yeah so that's a good thing by coop right there
stop those guys i mean like i said i'm surprised it never happened in nhl history i know they have
been a handful of teams with three black forwards on it before but we never saw them actually play
together so well it is becoming the norm now because we saw it in ontario in the in the
ahl not too long ago. Absolutely, yeah.
Absolutely, but it's just like I said, I can't
believe when you realize it hadn't
happened in the NHL before, at least not
documented. If it did, there was no note
of it beforehand. So hats off to
Koop and Walcott, Joseph and Smith.
Congrats on that, guys. Absolutely.
And Ottawa, dude, I put this note in here.
I know everybody thought, I really
thought they were going to win the Stanley cup this year,
which really isn't the case,
but they were much better than expected.
23,
28 and five with 51 points with 14 of their 23 wins were by two or more
goals.
Buckland Jesus,
uh,
Jimmy Stu too.
We had that great video last week.
He scored his first NHL hat trick in the building,
but there were no fans there.
A couple of days later,
all the neighborhood kids come flooded his yard with hats just made for the building, but there were no fans there. A couple days later, all the neighborhood kids come,
flooded his yard with hats, just made for a nice little viral video.
I know you guys caught that.
He's like, I got a sign somewhere where nobody knows who I am.
Jesus.
Living in a college duplex with fucking Brady.
I just had the fourth grade novice team just show up at my house.
I was having a girl over.
This is crazy.
Those are all the kids beating up Grinnelli on Xbox.
Throwing their lids in their backyard.
Jimmy Stu, what a local legend already.
What a player, huh?
So he just went back overseas.
We reached out to him.
He's another guy we'd love to have on the podcast.
So we think we'd probably try to bring him on with Brady in order to maybe,
you know,
help out with the translation and figure out why he stopped using the dick
tape job.
I think he's completely eliminated that.
We called it out and he's moved on.
You shamed him.
Also, we want to send a congratulations,
actually two of them out to Haley Wickenheiser.
She had quite the month.
She was named to Senior Director of Player Development for the Leafs after being an Assistant Director for nearly three years.
And she also just finished medical school to become an ER doctor.
That's a hard thing to do, man.
It's incredible that she does these many things in her life.
Such a great hockey player now, an ER doctor.
So congrats to the Canadian hockey legend.
Quick look at the
gambling stats from the first round with three out of four games well not going into monday night
three the first four games went to ot the over and under was two and two underdogs went three
and one and there were no puck line covers in the first four games and actually colorado is sitting
on the brusco one right now carolina did Carolina did tonight. Carolina got one. So, yeah, again, going into it.
So either way, let's see what else we got for you.
Hey, gang, sport clips, stylists, experts, and men and boys
haircuts with specialized training and techniques.
Cutting guys' hair can be harder than women's hair, believe it or not.
And when you go to sport clips versus a place that cuts women's hair,
you're getting stylists who are specifically
trained to cut guys' hair. Sport Clips are experts in understanding facial shape and hair texture
and cutting to a guy's best advantage. And Sport Clips signature service is the MVP haircut
experience. It's so much more than a haircut. You got the legendary heart steam towel on your face
and the massage and shampoo that makes you melt into your seat it's the ultimate in relaxation with 1800 locations nationwide a sport clips is closer
than you think so visit a sport clips near you for a haircut that exceeds the typical experience
from start to finish all right boys that's it for all the hockey related categories i know how much
we have fun with the et cetera categories.
First off, we dropped the latest sandbag on Sunday night.
You guys lost to Joe Wokop.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, my God.
What a match.
I mean, first off, Joe Wokop played unreal.
I think he ended up shooting one over, and he says he's a four handicap.
I don't know, man.
Every single drive, he doesn't hit it super far,
but he knows exactly where it's going.
It's a fade every single time.
That's called a fade?
That looked like a banana hook to me.
It's not a banana slice because he knows what it's doing,
but it's his putting and his chipping.
And we had a couple camera angles that I think could have been a little bit better
in terms of showing, like, the difficulty of his shots.
He hit an up and down on the par five on the back before the par three that was ridiculous.
He was just, like, unconscious when he was off the green.
And then Theodore kicked in that long, like, 60-foot putt.
We were grinding. we could not tie it
up on the back nine and sure as shit the last hole they're all stroking we can't get it done
I hit a nine iron I remember that biz I was like 143 into a little wind I hit a nine I should hit
a really smooth eight landed on the hill rolled back into the water biz was left and we were kind
of screwed once they hit it up near the green anyways.
We needed to win the hole.
We couldn't even tie it.
But check that sandbag out because Jovo might have had the meanest chirp
in the history of chirps on the 16th hole.
Yeah, he got me there.
But I'll tell you what.
Back nine, I just didn't come to play.
I think it was on the ninth.
It was on the ninth. I think it was on the ninth. It was on the ninth.
I think it was the hex hole.
The hex.
It was the three putt.
And from there on, I just couldn't focus.
Mind you, I'd had a couple too many pink Whitney's,
and I was trying to balance it all.
I couldn't come up clutch with.
And now I'm going to  you're on the IR, which is devastating.
We've got two losses in a row.
We're in the dumps.
I've got to start taking lessons. I've got to start taking accountability, and I've got to start making some fucking putts like two losses in a row. We're in the dumps. I got to start taking lessons.
I got to start taking accountability,
and I got to start making some fucking putts like I did in the beginning.
It was a great match, though.
Shout out to Lagomar.
The place is awesome.
I saw they have a USM qualifier in a couple weeks, I think.
So that place was in sick shape.
We had a blast.
Thanks to Jovo and Theo.
Theo said to me me because immediately when
when the video dropped i was on the chat meanest chat in the world by the way um i was on the chat
and a bunch of people like this theodore's hilarious you got to get him on the show
and and he and he had written me that morning he said hey is the sandbagger coming out tonight
by the way you got to bring the frenchie on the show i
got more stories than you can imagine so he's gonna come on and then he goes hey listen bud
trust me be ready we have a lot to talk about when i come on i played 16 years there's a lot
of good shit here i said theo will you fly to new york and and we're gonna be in new york why don't
you come this week and we'll do it in person he He goes, fly me down and I'm there. So maybe we do that. Wow. Savage.
He is a great guy. Won the MVP. We had a blast him in Jovo.
Like I just said, thank you. And yeah, in terms of me being on the IR,
it's a little bit of like a therapy session for me right now.
Talking to you guys, I'm losing my mind slowly.
It's like killing me softly with this injury.
You know that Laurenyn Hill song?
It's like, it's killing me softly because it's like,
I had this injury in the right elbow, like tennis elbow, they call it.
Three years ago, I got a cortisone shot.
I've never felt it since.
It started hurting me in the fall last year.
And it sounds ridiculous, but it's like tendonitis
basically what was getting worse and worse then when i was in florida i lived down there for two
two months this year and was swinging them dude i was in a lot of pain i was like this thing's
fucking killing me but i kept playing if i hadn't played golf in florida we wouldn't have lost that
sandbagger and also i wouldn't be injured right now but now I'm fucked because now it went worse and worse.
Then I went to sea Island.
I shouldn't have done that.
I was shooting tort all in my ass to play in a guy's golf trip,
which by the way,
we won team trash sickest uniform of all time.
I showed Grinnelli.
So it was worth doing,
but now it won't get better.
And I've had,
and I actually really appreciate everyone.
I'm sorry for ranting right now,
but I just need to get this off my chest you guys i appreciate everyone for reaching out to
me with a bunch of different options in terms of like helping this injury and i've heard and tried
everything and i'm doing everything right now i'm resting it i'm doing pt i'm doing the exercises
i'm working out some of it stems from the tightness in my shoulder biz like my trap my
shoulder and all of it can kind of be
pulling but either way it's your left elbow oh i can't even open a bag of fucking is it your left
elbow rider it's my left elbow could it be your left ear in the in your weight the weight
the weight from that side hey you know what i would say you're right but i think when it comes
to that stuff it's cross body so my left big ear would bother the right side of my body that's how that works out so yeah it's like
uh the doctor told me they think by july i'll be like fine but if it comes july and i'm not better
then you're talking surgery and i even thought we're just gonna saw it off surgery for this
thing is a nightmare dude no blood goes to the elbow there's no blood flow to the elbow like i'm doing anything
i can but to get not get surgery all right start practicing your chipping wait wait did you you
ever hear this i can't even chip and putt all right start practicing your chip and hey by the
way my chipping's incredible my putting's an R.A.? Ever hear the joke about the guy who goes to his doctor
because his elbow's bothering him?
And the doctor says, buddy, I think your tennis elbow's bothering you.
And he's like, ah, fucking my tennis elbow.
Please, I don't even play tennis.
So he's like, I'm telling you, your tennis elbow.
He comes back two weeks later.
He goes, my elbow's still bothering me.
The doctor says, no, it's your tennis elbow.
The guy's like, what's this fucking guy talking about with my tennis elbow?
He goes, comes back two weeks later, same thing.
Tennis elbow's bothering me. He's like, what the fuck is this guy talking about? He goes. He goes, comes back two weeks later. Same thing. Tennis elbows.
But he goes, what the fuck is this guy talking about?
He goes, I want you to take a drug test.
Go home.
Do a drug test.
Come back.
So he's like, this guy, I don't know what he's talking about.
So it has his wife pissing the thing.
He has his daughter pissing the thing.
He has his dog pissing the thing.
And then for good measure, he goes and jerks off in the thing.
Gives the thing to the doctor.
Two weeks later, the doctor calls him and he goes, buddy.
He goes, listen.
He goes, I told you before, you get tennis elbow.
He goes, and also, your wife's got VD, your daughter's pregnant,
your dog got worms, and if you don't stop jerking off,
your tennis elbow's never going to go away.
Hey, I'll tell you what.
Halfway through, I didn't expect much.
I was like, this is awful, but in the end, it was pretty good.
Yeah, you turned it around all right.
You turned it around. Actually, I am a lefty in that sense so who fucking knows oh really that's how you talk i can go both because i remember i left wrist surgery on the tfcc that was torn so then i just
switch it up on the rehab from that and like oh seven i'm ambidextrous though i've told many
people i throw a baseball i pitched lefty and I throw a football righty.
So I'm wild.
I'm wacky.
And I think that right now, though, I'm losing my mind.
I need a hobby.
So if anyone has a good idea for a hobby, let me know.
I was reading outside the other day.
There you go.
Perfect hobby right there.
How many?
I don't know, though, because then my wife's like, Ryan, Ryder's crying.
Ryder, by the way is
shitting on the toilet now it is incredible dude he was taking full-blown smashes and you're
changing the diaper he's like three and a half years old it's like bud you gotta start going
on the toilet man oh like not like not the wet kind just like well i would go he would wait till
we put his diaper on at night and he'd be like i don't have to go i have to go you put the diaper on at night and he'd smash so, I don't have to go. I don't have to go. He'd put the diaper on at night and he'd smash.
So I'd go in after he went to bed,
later on before I go to bed.
I'd go in, he's on his stomach because he smashed.
He didn't want to lay in.
I got to get him out of bed.
So I was like, I'm going to just let him sleep in this.
I mean, it's disgusting, but he's got to learn.
Got to learn the hard way.
So yeah, that's good.
It's like college.
Oh, by the way, I went on Fox Business.
Oh, fuck. How do we bury this? Oh, yeah, we's good. It's like college. Oh, by the way, I went on Fox Business. Oh, fuck.
How do we bury this?
Oh, yeah, we got to talk about this.
So Fox Business.
So I was nice enough to get invited on the Clayman Countdown by Liz Clayman.
She's a Fox Business host.
Huge hockey fan.
I think she mentioned she grew up in L.A.
and she told me she went to the Kings games with her dad.
Then she had season tickets for the Rangers.
So Erica Nardini and I went on.
We were just talking about Pink Whitney.
So they have me basically zoom in with a guy an hour before
to get your exact background, how they need it in terms of the shot.
So he's having me move my chair.
He's having me move everything around.
Boom.
He's like, you're done.
You're good.
So I'm like, all right. He goes, don't't change a thing and then come back on at 3 15 so i come
back on at 3 15 and i zoom in and the screen's black like if my computer screen was off right
now that's what it was as i'm talking to everyone i was like so when do i see liz and they're like
no you don't you don't see anything i'm like pardon they're like yeah you don't your screen's blacked
out so just that's why that's so difficult i was like oh my god hey before this interview started i
i held my uh my hand to my hand to my like to my heart rate dude in 15 seconds i must have had 25
heartbeats i was i've never in my life been that nervous for one thing.
You got the puck on your stick.
Yeah, it is.
I don't know if you know who you're talking to.
I was fucking snapping around tape tape passes.
That should have been a line for you because you couldn't even chip it in correctly.
So no, getting the puck on my stick was comforting.
Getting in front of a black computer screen to go on Fox Business was the biggest panic.
But she teed me up with some nice questions.
And then Erica talked about a lot of the business side.
And it was a great experience.
It was awesome.
I had a blast.
But it was the most nervous I've ever been for something in my life.
And you mentioned R.A. Pat Squirrel.
And the worst part was I was looking into the black screen.
But the whole time I wasn't looking into the camera.
So I didn't know.
He told me I was good. So in the whole interview, I'm not looking at the camera so I didn't know like he told me I was
good but then I didn't so in the whole interview I'm not looking at the camera which is kind of
annoying it looked like you were during it though it wasn't like you like was staring off in a space
during it because I was watching it live well and then it all goes back to kind of finishing off
the story in terms of how nervous I was I couldn't believe it and I crushed it dude go watch the
interview guys I'm not somebody to toot my own horn, but I crushed this interview. And it goes back to you play your best
when you're nervous, you play your best, you produce results in work, in life, in sports,
when you're, you're most nervous. I don't know what it is. It makes people like reach levels
that they don't know they necessarily had. I was able to get through
it. At the end, it was a rush. I was like,
I was just on Fox Business talking about our drink
that we all put together. It was a blast.
I mentioned the team.
There's no I in team.
That's my little therapy
session. It was awesome.
I enjoyed it. I got word last minute
from Grinnelly. I popped it on. Don't lose it.
I watched TV at that hour of the day. I loved it. Grinnelly, we gotinnelly and popped it on. Don't lose. You watch TV at that hour of the day. So I loved it.
Grinnelly, we got to get to you with the song. Fill the people in.
The contest is up to 20,000 this week.
Nobody's won this thing.
Nobody has won it. It's up to 20,000.
But did you see somebody won the other song for the stock market?
Can you tell that story, Grinnelly?
Yeah. So someone basically,
they basically do the same thing for Davey Day Trader that they do for the stock market. Can you tell that story, Grinnelli? Yeah, so someone basically, they basically do the same thing for Davey Day Trader
that they do for the song.
You're basically going in and you're picking stocks.
Some guy won and the payout ended up being,
it just kept going and going and going
because no one won and the kid won 65,000.
Get out of here.
You know how we won though?
So you pick six, I don't exactly how we won,
but I don't know exact how many stocks you
pick say it's six you have to pick what they finish the day at like what they're worth birth
even the sense no no just a dollar just a dollar the sense so he's five for six and he's got apple
ending at 125 and apple all of a sudden is looking like because cause they round up. So it was one 24.6 and they're like, Oh my God,
this guy's going to get it done. All of a sudden it drops down one 24.4.
And at the last second,
it hopped up and closed at one 24.8 to round up to one 25 for 65 grand.
Oh my goodness.
And what was cool is in the same way it will happen when somebody wins the
song you're following it because you're knowing at least hank and everyone starts realizing i
don't know if you're like the power of one's picks yeah you can you can see everyone else's picks
so that's cool and the coolest part about it all is like you're signing up for free
everything you're doing here it's for free like that kid won 65k didn't put a dime down and you
can do that too with the song so sign up now and the people's you know i've got i've seen the
responses this is impossible all right dude don't do it it's free to take three minutes and guess
on a bunch of answers you might win money fucking cry me a river um also g the hockey fest video
that we put together we got a big thing coming up in August. Have we teased that yet or have we shared that or what?
Well, yeah.
So this is two different things, really.
In August, August 6th and 7th, we will be in Detroit, Michigan,
hosting our own Hockey Fest tournament.
But you, myself, Biz, we did a video last week for Hockey Fest,
which is the best of the best, the best street hockey tournament
in all of Canada.
They're going to do locations all over Canada and America this summer,
just hosting street hockey tournaments.
So we got a video coming out this Wednesday.
It's pretty funny.
And you can find that on our YouTube channel.
Nice.
And like we mentioned earlier, Bucket Hats of Asil.
We also have Battle of Florida shirts.
Whether you root for Miami, I'm sorry, or Florida or Tampa Bay,
we got either side for you. Tons of playoff shirts If you're, whether you root for Miami, I'm sorry, or Florida or Tampa Bay, we got either side for you.
Uh, playoff shirts to the ORA.
Like every team,
we,
we made it a goal this year that every,
when every team plays their first game,
we're going to have a t-shirt ready for them.
So no fan base goes,
uh,
left feeling like we didn't appreciate them.
So store.
Barstool sports.com or Barstool sports.com slash chiclets.
We got a bunch of teas in there.
Fucking quite the salesman.
Also, too, unfortunately, we only made one appearance.
The dozen trivia that Jeff D'Lo has done a fantastic job running.
You obviously saw our first episode if you did watch it.
And, you know, a lot of people are like, oh, Witten, Biz yelled at Biz.
Witten already yelled at Biz.
We yelled at Biz before because he said the answer before the other team dinged.
I want to clarify this.
Biz did nothing wrong.
He just was a little early on the answer.
I just didn't want him to inadvertently give the answer away.
So it wasn't like yelling at Biz.
It was just more like don't say an answer.
Sometimes I need to get going.
Hey, Biz can handle himself, everyone.
What do you got fucking people sticking up for you online?
No, those are my burner accounts.
Yeah, burner.
And then as far as the tall buildings and city answers,
you did say Denver.
I went back and watched it.
You said Denver, and I had a brain fart.
I was staring at the board.
I saw Houston.
We just said Houston.
I said it again, but it didn't really matter
because Denver wasn't on the board.
And even if we said a city that wasn't the board,
we still would have lost.
I want to do these
dozen trivia games with NHLers
where we go against like three guys
from another team.
Can we set that up? Do you think D-Lo
would set that up? No. Well, dude, D-Lo
works his dick off to be fucking...
You got to write the questions, though.
I mean, I don't know if he'd do it specifically tailored
for us, but maybe he could have some guest stars on or something.
By the way, I bet you we could get the players to write their own questions
and we'd still beat them.
That's how dumb some of these guys are.
In classic fashion and in such barstool fashion,
D'Lo is  they're giving him bottles of Dom Perignon with sparklers
after the finish off of the dozen.
And then the first match dude
the first match Portnoy gave
an answer that was correct and D'Lo said it
was wrong and since then Portnoy's
team lost and now they have an
auto bid to the champion
they play the champion to win it all
Dave's team
D'Lo fucked up so he
crushed it and the show is amazing I've
actually watched every one of them. I got to watch tonight's
tomorrow because the playoffs, but it's been
a blast. But in
typical Portnoy fashion, he's going to end up winning
this thing now. Yeah, we'll see. Obviously
we can't spoil anything that happened. Everybody
knows we get knocked out. I thought we gave
our best try. I mean, no, it's
good as knowing that with like we
didn't fuck up that bill. It was one question like
oh man, we got that. What a spun. Then you have this like lingering regret or is doing a post-game press conference
right now yeah pretty much where do you think it all went wrong all right that's the thing it didn't
into this too it didn't go all it didn't go wrong it's all right how many nights of sleep have you
missed because none because because jake vibs, and Vlad was so good.
I mean, those guys answered 11 out of 12 questions.
No matter what we did, they were going to beat us.
So those are the best ways to lose.
Was the double up on Houston your caramel moment?
If we went 12 for 12, we would have won.
Well, but we had the same answers no matter what.
Questions no matter what, we didn't answer them.
I know, but you're saying no matter what we did, we would have lost.
But that's not true. If we what we did, we would have lost.
But that's not true.
If we answered everyone correctly, we would have won.
They missed one.
No, no.
Yes, yes, yes.
All right.
You said whatever we did, we wouldn't have won.
If we'd gone 12 for 12, we would have won.
I think Witt's got you here, R.A.
Come on, bud. No, what I mean is I'm talking specifically about that question
with the multiple answers.
If we got that right, it wouldn't have mattered.
We still would have lost the match because we lost by enough points
where that question would have been.
Oh, on that question.
Yeah, so instead of regretting that one question.
Well, I mean, to be fair, it would have been quite the momentum swing.
And momentum does play a big factor in these competitions. Yeah, but I
don't think, you know, I don't think momentum makes people
lose their memory. What was that question you got right, though? No, you got
the, uh, you crushed something
at the last minute in our match.
Remember earlier in the match, dude?
What's his name from Iron Man, the
guy? Robert Downey Jr. in the face
match, yeah.
No, I think we played good. I honestly
know those guys. We get a a tip the hat, dude.
Those guys scored the best in the first in any.
This is R.A. Stanley Cup.
No.
If you could tell.
But he didn't have to sneak into the post.
He got invited.
Yeah, I did.
I did get called in.
Are we wrapped up?
What else?
I think we're all wrapped up.
The only other thing I had written down.
I don't know if you guys been watching any shows or movies or whatever.
I know I like to fill my time with that type of stuff.
But HBO Max, there's a show called Hacks.
You guys know Jean Smatis?
She was on The Watchman.
She's actually in that Mayor of Easttown I've been telling you about
with Kate Winslet.
She was on Design a Woman years ago.
She's a great actress, but she's on the show called Hacks.
She plays an old comedian in Vegas who's basically her prime as pastor,
and she hires this young girl to teach her new jokes and shit.
The first two episodes, it's really good.
It's called Hacks on HBO Max.
Two episodes, three episodes, I think they've done so far.
Very entertaining, but that's about it.
Otherwise, playoffs are me. And in terms of the PGA?
Oh, yeah.
Kiowa, site of Rory McIlroy's first PGA championship.
He then won another one at Valhalla.
He won recently.
He could get it done.
He's got a ton of confidence there.
I think Justin Thomas, every major, is a safe pick.
He's a freak.
I'm looking forward to it, though, because they got biz.
The deal is, right, the first, like, seven or six holes
are going to be playing dead into the wind.
And then you got the next, like, six holes dead downwind.
And then you got the final four, five, six holes dead into the wind,
including a par three that I think is 230 dead into the fan on 17.
Yeah, so it's a tough course.
It's the longest course in major championship history,
and it's the site of the most legendary Ryder Cup,
the 1991 War on the Shore, where Bernard Langer missed, I think,
about a four-and-a-half, five-and-a-half-footer putt
to win the cup for Europe.
So I'm looking forward to watching it.
We're going to be in New York.
I can't wait to see you guys.
I can't wait to see Merle's.
We'll have golf during the day,
and then we'll have some live streams at night.
And Saturday night, game on.
Portnoy in the house.
I think Elio's coming up.
I wrote him to come up as well.
What do you got, Grinnelly?
Boys, we have a melee at the end of the Blues-Aves game.
An absolute Bennington skate in the full length of the ice
trying to have a goalie fight.
It's popping off right now, guys.
All right.
Good way to end it.
So, everyone, go check that out if you're listening at 6 a.m.
Thank you so much for listening.
And we're just getting started.
Let's go.
Playoffs are here.
Peace.
Have a great week, everybody. We'll see you on the
live stream.
As always, we'd like to thank our awesome
sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets. Huge
thanks to our friends at New Amsterdam Bot
here in Pink Whitney. Big thanks to our friends at New Amsterdam Barter and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Body Armor for keeping us hydrated.
Huge thanks to our friends at Earnest.
Check them out for your student loan needs.
Huge thanks to our friends at Shady Rays.
Keep me looking good during the summer here.
Big thanks to everybody at Simply Safe for keeping us safe right now.
And a big thanks to everybody at Sport Clips.
If you're looking for a haircut, if you're a guy or a boy,
by all means, check them out.
Have a great week, everyone.
