Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 334 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney.
My friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on gang? The playoffs are in full swing.
We've already had a pair of handshake lines, a couple surprises, plenty of drama.
The boys are all back in their own beds tonight after our unprecedented
four straight nights of live stream from the gambling cave
at Barstool Sports headquarters.
You'll probably hear it in our voices a little bit.
So let's see how everyone's feeling after a raucous weekend down Manhattan.
First up, producer Mikey Grinelli. What's up, up guy I miss you guys already I'll just leave oh my speaking of Vegas
voice holy shit we were in his home city too tough very tough well worth it well worth the
biz you had the well the second longest commute of the guys who came in for the weekend how you
feeling buddy I can usually judge um how good of a time and weekend i had by how i'm painting the bowl when
i get home and let me tell you i might have to i might have to book the cleaning lady for tuesday
wednesday thursday and i've already ruined my girlfriend's bathroom so ra i will say given what
i saw you go through this weekend i am very proud
of that intro a very nice hello everybody and grinnelli yeah just stay over there on the ir
we got you this pod it's because our bets were hitting that's why my voice is hurting it's because
i was yelling for all our one bets because matt murley was here oh the murals we'll get they'll
get to him shortly but let's say hi to the last member of the crew,
the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
How you feeling, buddy? What's up, guys?
All right, great call.
Unprecedented.
And I heard Big Cat and PFT trying to dog biz saying we barely did anything
and all we did was a week of work.
We streamed our dicks off for four straight nights.
We won about 85 of the bets we put in.
It was a heater for all ages.
Shout out to Murr.
Everybody rides.
And wow, do we have a lot to catch up on.
It's just been so much action nonstop.
Tonight was crazy.
I cannot believe what just happened to Christian Jari on that terrible turnover.
But I'm ready to go.
Let's roll and let's get into the series discussions.
Absolutely.
Real quick, though.
I want to send a big thanks to everybody.
Sorry.
Biz, you thought
colorado was a southern state let's get to that later okay okay that's just a little that's a
little tease for everyone i i would say on the nhl scale i would consider colorado a southern team
so okay my apologies on pmt if i fumble fuck that and i i will say i'm going to
stick to my guns because i think a lot of people would side with me surprisingly to you i'd say
it's about 50 50 especially people from canada they think anything south of the border is south
i mean colorado is funny it's kind of on that line it's definitely not a northern state in
the united states but calling the southern state yeah maybe from canada but probably not in the united states but
geography was my best class in high school too so that's uh that's a tough one shows how high
school went yeah uh yeah again we just want to say thanks to everybody at hq who takes care of
us there's too many names to mention about whether it's the merch stuff behind the scenes stuff so
many folks down there help us out made the streams run effortlessly. There's so many great kids, people
that work down there and we meet new ones every time.
So huge shout out to everybody at
Barstool headquarters. And again, Merle,
this guy came over from Sweden.
He had an 18, I talked to him,
I think he's at the airport. He had an 18
hour jaunt home. However long the
flight to Sweden, then a three hour train ride.
Like I think getting an Uber is bad
five miles from my house. So I can't imagine what he had to deal with so really was an absolute superstar
this weekend everybody rode he was on an absolute heater so yeah everybody rides plane trains and
automobiles to get here to gamble so thank you to him and all right just to touch on that all the
people at barstow were awesome and like those streams are long i think a few of them we went
close to five hours and they just add so much more to entertainment obviously having different types
of personalities in the room we finally get to got to meet the king of new york with a little
sasquatch a little sass oh what a ball buster that kid is yeah it was good we had no idea he
played the saxophone either it's crazy different. Different crowds every night, too, so the stream had a little different flavor
every night, which was good.
Also, as we saw down in New York City this weekend, boys, summer is here,
and this weekend is Memorial Day weekend,
so it's time to grab your Pink Whitney for that extra smooth taste.
Head over to your local liquor store today to find Pink Whitney
and the new 375-milliliter Mickey-sized bottle
and start your summer off right from the pregame to the after party. Get your Pink Whitney. All new 375 milliliter Mickey size bottle and start your summer off right from
the pregame to the after party get your Pink Whitney all right boys Monday night was a big
night five games five series can uh not concluding continuing struggling already Montreal Toronto
were tied 1-1 going into game three Monday Toronto won two to one and a squeaker I thought it was a
great game Jack Campbell had a tough goal early, but he made up for it.
What an insane third period.
But we got to go back to the main story from game one,
the Corey Perry collision with John Tavares,
the ensuing fight with Nick Foligno.
This was obviously a huge story.
Biz, you were a former scrapper, probably still a scrapper,
but what was your take on this whole situation?
Well, clearly an accident.
It was horrible because there was such energy coming into the series.
And, you know, all of a sudden that happens.
And, you know, imagine with fans in the building,
but you could just see both benches completely deflated.
The Toronto bench cleared.
And, yeah, I was expecting an absolute shit burger of a game after that.
Now, one of the things that people are questioning is, you why would felino ask cory perry to fight there well for those of you questioning that in my
opinion you got to reset the mind frame and although felino was probably doing it for a
different reason and the fact that his captain got hit and it was cory perry and he knew he just had
to answer the bell at that moment especially being a cock across from him as soon as they dropped the
puck next in my opinion you could
just tell the game got back to a level way better than i would have expected um if they hadn't done
that correct wit like nothing worse than seeing a guy go down like that and especially for as long
as he did and then you see this was a tough one the way that the trainer handled them afterward
too i don't know if there's a lingering knee injury now too associated that,
but it just sucks the life out of everything.
Yes. And so we were on the stream obviously, and you could tell even,
even us guys, we, we immediately were like, Oh my God,
because anytime you see something like that,
we've talked about it many times before that both teams get affected.
Obviously the team who loses their captain and one of their best players is
for sure shook. You saw awesome. Matthew's on on the bench almost looking like he was getting a little
emotional but even Montreal and I mentioned being on a team where the other the other team's player
in Carolina got injured Colby Armstrong ran someone over it's just shocking and kind of
scary to see somebody that you play against go down in a way that you're worried really for
their safety and what's going on now thank god we God we got the thumbs up, but in terms of Foligno,
what happened after, I mean, some people obviously didn't like it,
but he went up to Perry and he said, Hey,
I know you didn't do it on purpose, but that's our captain.
And we're going and Perry said, you know, for sure, right away.
And you even saw him going over to Tavares and giving him a pad as he was
getting stretched off. I think they, they,
they've won gold medals together before.
So that's definitely something where Perry,
even though he's played on that edge for quite a while,
that was not at all on purpose.
It was a fluke accident.
Scary as hell to see his neck ripped back like that.
And yeah, the trainers,
shout out all the trainers in the NHL who do an amazing job,
but I always was told, like, don't touch any,
don't touch the guy.
It's like, let him be.
You got to get the doctors out there, get the stretcher out there.
And yeah,
they came out and they said that he has a minimum of two weeks gone
because of the knee injury.
Apparently the knee injury he had is going to be two weeks no matter what.
Now I don't know on that play where that knee injury could have happened.
Was it from like him bending back?
He could have torn his ACL being dead weight and falling back like that.
We were actually yelling at the TV screens
as it was going on.
But just overall, an awful, an awful incident.
Now, luckily, no structural damage.
So you heard that Tavares was feeling okay.
That's the first thing on everyone's mind.
And the second thing on everyone's mind,
it is what it is.
Can he come back?
I don't know if the Maple Leafs can win the Stanley Cup
without John Tavares.
I would say no.
But you got to think that if his concussion is able to get a little bit better,
and I think that after a week or two, you'll realize where he's at
and the knee is okay.
If they move on, don't be shocked to see him again.
It's more about not thinking that way right now
and the Leafs going about and doing their jobs.
But we don't know what's going to play out,
but we do know they need him to have a chance to really get this thing done and and to be fair in that first game i thought they responded
well afterward it was just one of those close games and all right you touch it on touch on it
all the time the minute montreal gets in a playoff there's just something about their aura they're
gonna it's gonna be a grind against them although go forwarding to game two i hammered the leafs i
think that was an absolute guarantee.
But, you know, that's how you respond,
especially with the loss to your captain.
I thought Galchenyuk inserted into the lineup pretty well.
And then who was the other one?
Was it not Sandin?
Who's the other kid who got inserted in?
I'm not sure off the top of my head.
All right, well, then I'll just go fuck myself.
You think we're going to remember names this pod?
Yeah.
Delchenia with the worst offside you've ever seen tonight.
That was like Chris Prider was just shaking his head.
Congrats.
You just took over for me.
And then he took a penalty two seconds later.
On Gallagher, yeah.
I think that all Leafs fans are probably going to agree with me
in the fact, shout out William Nylander yeah so a guy that like is has so much skill I
believe I read a quick quote after the game where did you get your confidence and he's like I was
born with it someone that has never lacked believing in himself and really showing that
when he plays hockey and there's times he looks great there's times I think Leafs fans want a lot
more he has stepped up his game big time. He's got a goal in all three
and I think that the way this is
shaping out, it's going to go six or seven. I think
Montreal has to get obviously game four
at home, but Jack
Campbell, you know,
to show up and do what he did tonight
after, I believe you're right, I didn't think that
Suzuki goal was very good already. He kind of sucked
it in coming down the off wing.
No, it was a strong side. Either way,
you want that one back, but what he did was he
buckled down and to carry price too.
He's been phenomenal, especially tonight
or Monday night. That fucking save
on Spezza. Oh my God. Save
for the playoffs. And that was a Nylander
pass. That was a sick setup and you could
tell Spezza was just disgusted. A last
I think Nylander already had his hands up.
I would be
if i made a play like that my buddy missed but hey but going back to jack campbell especially
in that last what i think the last two minutes montreal had toronto hemmed in and they were
throwing everything at him and hey man the leafs of the past yeah they probably find a way to let
one squeak in there but they held strong same. Same with that big block by Justin Hall,
or Hall, or however you say his last name.
But yeah, it's been a tight series in the game.
I'd say the only complaint from Leafs fans right now,
especially in the two games that were so close,
is you know when in the regular season,
when you have that extra split second,
and you can hold on to it,
and maybe you wait for that lane to open up,
maybe a little too cute from the top end guys where they need to be a little
bit more direct.
You don't need to hold on to it as long as maybe as you do in regular season
where those lanes in playoff time, they'll close up.
So, and speaking of that, those lanes and getting pucks through,
super impressed with Rasmus Sandin.
He only played nine games this year as a late first rounder,
three or four years ago.
And you got Morgan Riley, who was able to kind of do it all offensively and defensively. Well,
all of a sudden, this kid's getting out on the ice and he's running one of the power play units.
He looks good. He scored a goal in game two. So that's just a guy that the Leafs didn't really
play much at all this year. And in three playoff games, he's got, I think, a goal and assist,
maybe just a goal. But he looks good. He looks confident.
He looks comfortable with the puck.
So as long as you can get more guys on that back end
to get those forwards on the tape, in the rush,
getting them in the zone with entry as opposed to always chipping it in,
struggling to get out of your own zone, that's a big
not a pickup, but a guy that's been inserted in and looked good.
And as far as Montreal fans, I mean, the things we can touch on,
the power play has absolutely stung, completely deflating their offense.
In the first period, they had three opportunities on the power play
to take the lead.
They couldn't even get zone entry most of the time
when they were able to break in.
And I'd say the secondary scoring as far as the back end,
I think Leafs defenders right now have seven points in this series so far,
and the Canadiens' back end just hasn't been able to chip in.
So tough lack of offense.
And, I mean, Deneau, he had a tough year.
You think in playoffs he's going to be able to rejuvenate it.
He was getting smoked in the face-off circle in Game 3.
I think he was a minus one in each of the first two games.
I'm not sure how his stat line finished out in Game 3,
but they just
they just can't they they need they don't have any secondary scoring right now but cole caulfield
coming in he he kind of proved he should have been in the lineup for game for the beginning of
the series because he came on i think he hit the crossbar his first shift he had a chance late to
tie it up i think the shot might have been blocked but he looked good he had jump he had the ability
to get some chances and you know it's it's's like Montreal just doesn't have the game breakers
that Toronto does up front.
And this is kind of with Marner being a little quiet.
I don't think he's playing poorly at all,
but he's not dominating the way he did in the regular season.
So I think Toronto moves on.
I think we all thought that, but still,
it's been a closer series than we thought so far.
Yeah, they finally put Caulfield in,
but still nothing on the power play, as Biz mentioned.
0-3 tonight, 0-12 in the series.
And I don't know if you guys caught the stat they showed during the game.
Since 2014, 2015,
Carey Price's goals for is just 1.97 goals scored for him in the playoffs,
which is woeful, less than two a game.
They only got one for him tonight.
So I think he's been playing very well this series,
but he just can't get any offense going.
One other thing I want to touch on, too, game two.
Montrell made that awful, awful challenge for goaltender interference.
What the hell was that?
We had two at once going on.
One we thought was going to be a goal for sure that ended up getting called back.
But, yeah, there was just nothing there nothing there at all and then to know that the power play you're
gonna have to kill if you get that incorrect it's like i couldn't believe there were usually when
you see it when you see a challenge it's there's something that one the replay started getting
shown and everyone's like what are they doing like what like what who made that decision on
the headphones to say let's give it a go because I don't know if it's desperation but at the same
time you gotta think we could still tie this game up we can't then go on the penalty kill
yeah you can't rely on them to bear you out uh but another note from the game so I'm not sure
if you guys caught it yes Barry caught Kenny I mean he actually opened the scoring for Montreal
but afterwards he gave a like a four-fingered salute I don't know if you guys caught it was
actually up to the guys in the press
parks that he's been practicing
with all week. He was kind of giving them a shout-out
because I guess they've had some camaraderie.
I know they got dummied that night, but it was
still a pretty cool gesture.
Shout-out to the taxi squad.
Shout-out to Biz, yeah.
In the normal playoffs, if the Black Aces,
they wouldn't have known how many fingers
you're throwing up there.
The last thing, too, Biz, is the Black Aces, they wouldn't have known how many fingers you're throwing up there. Blackout Aces.
And the last thing, too, Biz, is the statement from Dubas.
I don't know if it was a team statement.
I think it was just in his press when he was, you know,
really pissed off about the Toronto Sun photo and the headline.
And I saw the statement before I saw the picture in the headline.
And honestly, I didn't think it was that bad.
It was no more insensitive than showing the replay 17 times on the TV. I it was a picture of him on the ice it was a photo taken and it said captain
crunched i thought it was pretty standard for for a tabloid yeah i wasn't crazy about the toronto sun
one just given the headline i mean i think it's like a clickbaity headline and you're kind of you
know you're poking the bear a little bit but hey to each their own i ain't gonna go all line and
bitch about it but i'm glad you brought that up because everybody was bitching about the fact that they kept
replaying their uh the replay on sports debt or or whoever was televising it in canada and guys
it's like a you know you can't win situation because people are going to be all over twitter
blaming cory perry for kneeling john traveris in the face people want to see the different angles
on what happened and why in fact why the people announcing
the game thought it was an accident so i mean it's it's it's a can't win situation and it sucks
and and you know do you want to see the guy get kneed in the head 17 times no but i want to know
if it was an accident or not because i want to know why he's fighting fucking felino off the draw
if i think it was just the word crunch that pissed people everyone off like if the if the
caption was captain down,
is there that much anger?
Yeah. I mean,
I don't know.
Their,
their captain with their captain was out of the game.
And I do see both sides.
It is a tabloid.
It's like,
that's a New York post type stuff.
I mean,
you're going to get people,
but they were disgusted.
They made a big deal in Montreal's was French,
but what did it say?
It was something.
There's like Lake captain dramatic.
I don't know what that is in French.
I guess I don't either,
but I thought it was another word that you can tell.
I'm French and I don't even know what the fuck he just said.
I mean,
let's see though,
because you talk about replays and you talk about people complaining about
how many times it was showed.
It's the Toronto Maple Leafs captain.
It was just knocked out in the first period.
I mean,
you're going to keep showing what happened.
That's just what it is. It's like, you need to see, like you said,
the angles biz and also it is a major storyline.
So they're going to keep reminding you as hard as it is for family members to
watch. And I think that's why you saw Dubas basically running down from the,
the GM or owner's box,
wherever he was sitting because he wanted to get, to get down ice.
They'll be able to call it to our family, let them know he's okay.
Yeah, so that's going to wrap up Montreal-Toronto.
We'll see what happens next game.
We do want to mention our guests, too.
Leafs fans and Calgary Flames fan will be interested to hear Doug Gilmore.
We're going to bring him on in a little bit after we discuss a few more series.
So Hall of Famer Doug Gilmore is going to be joining us in a little bit.
The next series we're going to get to, Game 5,
literally just ended in double overtime.
Josh Bailey gets a nice double extra large pizza
from Trish Tenieri right up the gut.
Ends it briefly into the second overtime.
So the Islanders now have a 3-2 series leading that one.
Let's see.
Yeah, if you wanted a fun pod, that fucker ruined it.
Right up the middle.
Who ended up scoring it? Bailey?
Yeah, Josh.
Talk about a
dominant performance by the pittsburgh penguins they were all over him i think they out at one
point in the second period they're out shooting them 16 to 1 in the period i think they finished
with 20 they were all over the sorokin kid who just wouldn't give it up because you know he's
got fucking russian gas on speed dial yeah fuck pobrovsky certainly doesn't have any Jesus Christ he wasn't even the backup
tonight making 10 million in Florida Tampa Tristan Jari you just have to just put that thing off the
wall if you don't see a defenseman wide open at that point in double overtime in the corner
you shoot it off the glass and out you do not try to go up the middle it's the most
elementary decision to just keep the puck out of the
middle of the ice. And I don't know who it was
on the back check actually stopped him from getting
the first shot off. And then Malkin in
trying to recover last minute was actually the one
who kind of deflected it in. So Bailey's
in the right spot. Sorokin
was outstanding. Save after
save. I thought Crosby came out
of that game in the first period
playing as well as I've
ever seen him I don't know if he didn't have a point but it was domination for the entire game
and that's Islanders hockey I mean certainly not getting out shot no chance that way but like
bending and not breaking and now they're going home with a chance to close that series out I'll
tell you right now the Bruins are really hoping that not only goes to seven but that Pittsburgh
gets it done because they would be an easier series for Boston. They have a hell of a lot more success against the Penguins
than they do the Islanders and how they play.
But, yeah, they do.
I don't know what the number is.
If I'm Boston, I'd be licking my chop at the Islanders right now.
What?
If I was the Bruins, I'd be licking my chops at the Islanders right now.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
And as far as Crosby goes.
I think it's just the way they play, dude.
It's more open than the islanders
the penguins i'm saying yeah and i i think the penguins look dangerous tonight i mean if they
can get any goaltending as far as crosby concerned i think he had an assist on the rust goal he ended
up dropping that for him where you thought that that was a bit of a weak one from sorokin but
i thought it ended up going through a body and and you know it was just a perfect pick of low blocker shot i man through second and third and even the first overtime i thought it was all penguins and
they had them on the ropes but that's what the islanders do man they bend they do not break
and they get timely scoring and going back to that first one it was a pageant who creates that
turnover oh what a play what a check what a four check what ancheck. What an effort. And Letang's there, right?
And he makes the smart decision of not hitting him
because he probably would have got pegged for interference,
but he kind of disappeared into,
I think it was him and Zucker were the back checkers.
So he ends up dumping it right into Dumoulin,
and all of a sudden Dumoulin goes to his backhand
and he just pounces right on that puck,
creates the turnover.
Next thing you know, it's out front in the back of the net.
So, I mean, looking at two of the islanders goals just complete breakdowns out of nowhere and uh and i think like i said i think the penguins looked very dangerous and i thought they
they deserved that game yeah they did but i i think that what you're looking at right now is
as an islander fan is hey we're up 3-2 in this series and barzell has been a little quiet right
i think you look at Peugeot
and Eberle's been their best two forwards.
I know Nelson had that really big goal in
game one, was it?
But you look at
the top players on the Islanders up
front, I think they've been not great,
not poor, but there's a lot more there to give.
And I think that Malkin's
had moments when he's kind of looked iffy.
I think it was game
what was the score game four guys sorry I'm blanking out here the Islanders won four to one
yeah and Malkin I think he had two two or three penalties he did not play well at all now he
scored tonight but you're certainly kind of looking for more from him that Crosby rust line
has been their best line by far and Carter's been good he had a chance tonight to score but he ended
up getting a nice poke poke check from Sorokin.
So the Islanders, we know what they do.
We know how they play.
And right now, to be able to win a game when you get outplayed that badly,
you got to think their confidence is at an all-time sky high
because when you end up escaping with a win after that type of effort,
you're thinking, well, when we play great next game,
we should be able to pull this thing out easy and end this series so there was a puck battle and i guess some people would have called
it interference and i'm going to ask you about the the officiating in that game because you see
i think you bart you you said something on twitter about it right oh i just so so matheson yeah you
when he hit nelson no no his neck looked like a pretzel?
No, that was Oliver Wallstrom.
Oh, okay.
And so what happened is, and a lot of people on Twitter
were responding to me like, no, they went to hit each other.
I didn't see that.
I thought it was more they were going to race for a puck
and Matheson just put the shoulder into him,
which actually, Biz, when we were younger,
it was kind of a good play.
You were allowed to do it.
Where the puck's three feet away and you just give a guy a big bump yeah you're fighting for
positioning there and that's kind of the way i looked at it from a hockey mindset but once seeing
the replay from the back end it's like ah yeah he had about four feet to wait for the puck to come
around the boards till then it probably would have been less uh less obvious they weren't close
enough to the puck i think to just bury a guy like that. Yeah, I agree with that.
The way his neck looked, that was scary as shit
because our necks should not move like that.
And then getting up, you could tell he couldn't really put any weight
on that one leg.
So that's a guy who's played great and awesome.
I think it's his rookie season, correct?
Was he somehow a rookie last year?
I don't think so.
But he's a guy who's been awesome all year.
He's got a great shot.
He always is unleashing one-timers on the power play.
So you lose him, that hurts.
But shocked there was no penalty call there.
That tells you how my weekend went.
I thought that was Nelson who got hit there under the wall.
Anyway, what do you think of this series so far?
I think it's been wildly entertaining.
Game three was one of the most entertaining games of the whole playoff so far.
There were five combined goals in the third period.
TNF got the late game went up, but Volamov got lit up.
He gave up five goals on 27 shots.
He got yanked.
They put in Sorokin.
He's been unreal.
He stopped 29 of 30 in game four.
Let's see, 48 of 50 tonight.
So 77 of the last 80, he stopped.
And he's making the difference for this team right now.
He's certainly playing Jarry, especially after that pizza and double overtime.
I'll tell you what's tough.
I was slipping.
I did feel bad for Jarry in a sense that he started off horrifically, right,
with those goals in the beginning of the series.
I forgot to wear gloves.
And now they've been talking about how they keep going high glove.
He keep going high glove and he's doing a good job.
And then he just throws that large cheese, no onions, no peppers,
just extra pepperoni right up the middle to lose a game five at home.
So it's disappointing, but the Penguins got to think
if they have the same type effort,
they're able to outplay them like that again.
They should go back and force a game seven.
This is the one series I don't think anyone at all would be surprised
to say game seven before it even started is where it would end up.
Hey, it's tough going back from games i was swinging between montreal and toronto to to the pittsburgh
islanders with having fans in the building especially in an ot situation going back oh
it's it ain't even close as far as atmosphere hey and when you when you when you got fans in
the building i think those uh those glitches are a little more likely, like that Jari had.
You know, the nerves  I think the nerve level is risen
when there's a crowded building.
So a blunder that might cost the Pittsburgh Penguins their series
or their season.
Yeah, because they are going back to Long Island for the next game,
and that's a tough bond to play in, especially with a guy playing like Soroka.
Which I think looked like it was sold out.
I mean, they were  I think if you had the vaccine card or something,
was that what they were saying?
Or they were giving rapid tests?
That building was bumping, though, for game four.
Yeah, it was definitely revving.
It's going to be even more so whatever the next game is.
Vegas just posted a video of their barn before tonight's game in warm-ups.
It looks insane in there tonight.
Yeah, it's good stuff.
We figure we'd have
g step in and say that because as we mentioned earlier he sounds like vegas
uh yeah we do a little bit too we had uh we had fun we got after it but thankfully boys we had
no days wasted while we were down there new york city for the last few days that's right all right
thank god we had this this weekend and thank god the hockey gods have graced us with NHL playoffs.
And that means meaningful hockey games every night.
You might be knocking back a couple beers or sipping on the birdie juice.
So you need to be ready to conquer your next morning and make it work without feeling useless.
DHM Detox has your back.
It's your ultimate drinking buddy and is the vitamin for when you drink and celebrate.
No more feeling like a bag of bricks the next day after boozing with.
DHM Detox is here to help with liver support.
It's here to help break down toxins and get you feeling fresh the next morning.
It's also perfect for bachelor parties or just some good old day drinking.
Time is our most valuable asset, so why waste another day?
For just a few dollars per night, you can be prepared for all of life's moments.
The team at No Days Wasted is here to help you be your best
and get you to do, for fuck's sakes, is here to help you be your best
and get back to doing what you love after a night of drinks wit.
No worries, Biz.
I'll take it over.
You're going to take two capsules after your first few drinks and it goes to work double up with another packet if
you're having a big time night like we did in nyc dhm detox is part of our drinking routine as well
as thousands of chiclets listeners the packets are easy to share with friends and family they've
got recovery bundles with dhm detox andenisher, an electrolyte drink mix that helps you hydrate
and helps boost your immune system with vitamin C, D, and zinc.
Check out the bundles for the ultimate recovery experience
and never miss a beat.
So you can hit the early morning meeting,
work out, or just feel like a normal human being
the next day after a few drinks.
DHM Detox is 100 risk-free purchase on your first box. So if you don't love it,
they'll refund you. This is a no-brainer. So at the very least, give it a shot. And if you don't
like it, get your money back. We're going to hit you guys with a promo code. Just head over to
NoDaysWasted.co and use promo code Biz20 for 20 off. That's NoDaysWasted.co for no days wasted after drinking with biz20.
Woo-wee.
A little stumble there, but we recovered.
All good, buddy.
All good.
All right.
Well, the Panthers are not dead yet.
The Sunrise crowd Monday night was huge as the Cats grabbed a 4-1 victory
in Game 5 to cut the series deficit to 3-2.
And Spencer Knight was the story tonight.
His fourth-ever start, first-ever playoff start,
stops 36 of 37 shots.
He's definitely going to be the starter for Florida next game.
Interesting, Chris Driga was the backup,
and Sergey Bobrovsky, he of the 10 million salary,
he's got five more years left at that.
His record is 1-2 with an 8-4-1 save percentage,
5-3-3 goals against, ranked last among all goaltenders
to play in the playoffs this season.
Wasn't even dressed tonight.
But again, let's give Spencer Knight his due here, Whit.
Unreal player, unreal performance to show up on this stage
and go down early, 1-0.
I don't know if it was the first shot of the game,
but it was real in the first minute.
Blake Coleman made an amazing
play, passed it over to Colton
to go up 1-0, and the kid just
held firm, he held steady, he didn't give up
a goal the next 59. And Florida
got a great effort. I think that
Marshman's goal, the play,
if you look at the play Barkov made
behind the net, poor D-zone coverage
with two Tampa Bay
players going beneath the goal line.
And Barkov makes this beautiful backhand sauce that lands flat.
Marshmont buries it.
And I think that if you look at what this series has been like,
if Spencer Knight had started game one,
we're looking at a completely different ball game and the thing's still
three,
two.
So the hatred's been there though.
I'm curious to see what comes up from the end.
Cause Patrick Maroon gave it to aari right off a face-off.
Who knows if he gets a game for that?
Looked like it could have been in the face.
I don't know how the league will really look at that.
But the action's been phenomenal.
You talk about the fans, Biz.
Oh, my God, was that crowd crazy tonight in Sunrise.
We were flipping back and forth,
so all of us are catching little bits and pieces of each game.
But the Panthers, they weren't going to lay down,
and they certainly didn't get the start they needed.
But to have a goaltending performance by a rookie who played in the NCAA
tournament and in the NHL playoffs this year,
I don't know how many times that's ever happened.
I think they said it was the first time it's ever been done.
Really?
To start a game in both.
Yeah, that makes sense, actually.
First time.
World juniors, too.
Yeah, and world juniors.
So I think that Florida's got to have a newfound confidence knowing that
they might actually get a fucking save.
But I just can't,
I just can't believe what Kucherov's done.
And even though they lost tonight,
nine points to the first four games,
he tied for the,
or leading the playoffs and scoring.
He's been so good.
He made a play tonight that it didn't end up scoring.
Puck came around the wall to him in one motion of behind the back look past the middle they got a great chance on net so shutting down this team
and and winning the next two i don't think is possible for florida but who knows if they get
to a game seven you never know what can happen but i just think tampa's too big too strong and
florida showed a lot of courage and had a great performance in net i just think it's too little
too late they should have had this guy in net from game one yeah i think that the way this was going on i'll be grateful that we see six
games of this rivalry and a new newfound rivalry at that man i mean like you said with the intensity
and just like the scrums after every whistle and the genuine hatred and i mean probably the funniest
thing i've seen in playoffs so far was fucking pat, Pat Maroon clucking as the Florida Panthers were going off the ice with the
chicken dance. I don't know if you caught that one. All right.
You can't not laugh when somebody does the chicken move to someone.
It's an auto laugh. It's like a fart.
It's like second grade stuff, but it's hilarious.
I would love to see the series go seven biz.
Game three was an absolute classic Florida Florida won 6-5 in OT.
Lomberg fucked her.
Lomberg won it in OT.
But the story from there, what we want to obviously bring up,
Keith got scratched.
He had played 979 straight regular season and playoff games.
Hadn't missed a game since, let's see, March of 09.
Quenville called the decision extremely difficult.
We had a number of defensemen who play probably comparable to those guys
that have been out.
What Yans were always aware of the situation the regular season,
but we made a decision to go with a different group.
If for the most part, the game was fine, but he handled it well,
not an easy decision to make and not easy for him,
but he handled it like a great pro.
Yeah.
And I certainly didn't like it, him being a good friend.
And I'm glad his streak is still alive.
But I think that, you know, he probably said he could have played a little bit better.
I think if you look at the whole decor, they were struggling.
When he was out of the lineup, would they give up 10 goals?
It wasn't like it was a huge difference.
Now, unfortunately, his first shift tonight, that goal ends up being scored.
Coleman made a nice move kind of getting around him,
and Huberto fell on the back check.
But then he got a big assist later on.
And I just think that the team was probably a little bummed out when he
wasn't in the room. That's a guy that they all love.
They all look up to.
And I think that's kind of tough to have one of your leaders be out of the
lineup when he really has never missed a game for you.
So surprising, they went on to lose both. So like, what do you say?
You put them back in. It's just a,
it's just a team that I think relied a lot on Uyghur who we talked about and
how good of a season he had.
He did score tonight, but he hasn't been his usual self this series,
I don't think.
He has not played as well as he did in the regular season.
Now, playing against Tampa this much is certainly difficult,
but I felt bad for Keith in seeing him have to sit out a couple games.
I think the one thing I wanted to talk about was the hit on Sergachev
by Hornquist.
And it was actually just a little bit before Duclair got Kucherov with what looked like a little bit of like a slash.
I don't know what the hell happened there.
It looked like a love tap, but he ended up leaving the game, didn't he?
Well, both guys went off the ice looking like they weren't going to play again
the rest of the playoffs, and they both played tonight.
So the thing with the Hornquist hit on Sergeyev, what a hit.
That is the perfect a hit that is the
perfect body check that is skating through your man on the forecheck and what's amazing and merles
and i were talking about is like so many guys don't protect themselves and we've mentioned this
sergachev sees a guy bearing down on him and he's on one foot like trying to snap one up the middle
like that's when you got to get two legs on the ice you got to brace yourself into the guy and
you got to protect yourself
knowing what could happen.
So luckily Sergei was able to play in game five.
It could have been way worse.
It was an enormous hit,
a nice four check.
And I was really shocked to see him in the lineup.
It looked like he was dragging his shoulder.
Like it was,
it was out of the socket on the way off the ice.
So I don't think that he thought Hornquist was going to come in.
You don't remind me of it.
Remind me of that Tanev hit when he got a who from boston midway through the year where he ends up going on the
one leg right to nordy where he doesn't think he's going to close in time but like you said
with that's just as much hornquist as ice at that point as it is sergachev's and hey you know if you
bear down like that most of the time the d-man can't make that play because he's too worried about the hit coming and you couldn't get hit for on a a worse part away from the wall that one was even closer
than what tenorities was and that's why it was i was so surprising to see him slide all that way
and hit the way he did but as you said good thing good good thing it was nothing serious and and
going back to that um the the kucherov one, I wasn't trying to make light of it either,
but it did look like Leuclair just came in there with a love tap, didn't it?
Yeah, it was weird.
I don't know if he caught it in the right spot.
You got the Paul Pierce.
They got the wheelchair out.
Yeah.
I mean, it's worth noting game four.
Yeah, was it?
Whatever game.
Monday night's game, Kucherov played 18-37
and Sergachev played 21-14.
So I don't think they were too dinged up if they were to play that much ice time.
I thought Colon's looked great for Tampa.
Oh, yeah.
He's made an impact.
He hit the crossbar tonight, too.
If that had gone in, who knows what happens.
Bunch of huge saves by night.
I know that wasn't one of them, considering it wasn't even a shot on net.
But as much as Tampa's upset, they lose that game.
They feel great about themselves right now. No doubt.
Yeah. Killers four goals leading the team so far.
Biz, anything else you want to add in the series or no. Okay.
Pat Maroon clucking like a chicken.
All right. Moving right along.
This is the most surprising series of the first round, no doubt about it.
It's Winnipeg currently up 3-0 in the series over Edmonton.
Right now it's 3-2 in game four.
Edmonton's up after two periods.
We'll keep an eye on it as we're talking here.
This is just stunning.
I mean, I know everybody and their mother, including us,
picked Edmonton to win this series.
Even if you thought Winnipeg was going to win,
I don't think anybody thought them up 3-0 after three games.
Biz, let's go to you first on this one.
Well, I was shocked to see no points for McDavid in the first two games.
But, I mean, we were complimenting this Winnipeg team all year
about being a sneaky team because of their forward group.
And, mind you, they win those two first games without Ehlers in the lineup.
And then, of course, he ends up bending Edmonton over in that third game
by scoring two goals.
So, listen, Hellebuck standing on his head,
I think that they have an underrated decor given how much flack they were taking
coming into the year, and they're getting it done in these playoffs.
And I tell you what, man, Blake Wheeler, that forward group,
is just bringing everything they can.
And it's uh i don't
know how i got sucked into that edmonton pick wit but it was more likely more likely you so we didn't
get sucked in i know we talk about different seasons but winnipeg was shit for a stretch in
this year and then you see mcdavid and dreitz and i guess it's it's it's easy looking back now that
if you're able to shut two guys down,
especially those two first two games,
like you're going to see Winnipeg move on. Now the question is like,
I can't believe how the Edmonton fans, how bad, how much they're on Mike Smith.
I don't, the first two games, it wasn't his fault. Game three, for sure.
He probably could have played a little bit better, but in game one,
they were just so physical and hard on McDavid. fault game three for sure he probably could have played a little bit better but in game one um
they were just so physical and hard on mcdavid they didn't give him anything and hellbook was
great game two both goalies were sick and and still the the ability to shut those two down it
just shows that edmonton is not ready yet it's not their time yet i actually read an article
in the athletic by daniel nugent bowman who talked about this series so far.
It really does go into the fact that at the deadline,
they brought in Dmitry Kulikov.
That's all they did.
They needed a lot more help.
And Kenny Holland, he had a quote like,
you can't go for it every year.
Almost saying, it's not our time.
This team is not good enough yet.
We're obviously going to do whatever we could. this is not a stanley cup competing team they're not even close dude
they have two guys they show you shut them down you'll beat them we've said it all year that when
they have two or more points they win well they both had they both had three points in game two
in game three and they still didn't win so it's just there's not much else there i love nugent
hopkins but other than that it's like you just wonder the depth isn't isn't the same as what winnipeg has
winnipeg's defense isn't great either but they've looked awesome and i think that hellebuck being
the major factor so far in this series totally rebounding from a time in the in the regular
season when he really looked lost yeah when you rely kind of on the way you've played all year
the way edmonton does and how much
offense that top end the top end guys produce it's like when it's not clicking it's kind of like well
that's when you're going to go on your cold streak and it just so happens it started game one of the
fucking playoffs yeah and the if you want to talk about the must win game in game three and
the penalty by archibald you're up 4-1 under 10 minutes to go
and you take one of the dumbest penalties i've ever seen and that's a guy who's a responsible
player he plays up and down the lineup and he took a penalty that even dave tippett said you
you can't defend at all and from there they make it 4-2 i think three minutes later it was 4-4
funny enough only 10 times in the history of the nhl playoffs has a
team been up three or more goals uh with 10 minutes left in the game and lost and edmonton's now been
been that team twice who's done it but i i just going to bed last night at 4-1 thinking it was
over and doing the 2 a.m piss check on the gambling and seeing not only i lost but that they fucking
blew it the way they did i was was disgusted as an Oiler fan.
Once an Oiler, always an Oiler.
My name's in the fucking room in that locker room.
I played for that team.
I root for the Oilers.
I thought they'd move on to round two.
Now, granted, it looks like this looks good in game four right now,
but who knows?
They'll probably blow it in the third.
Yeah, Josh Archibald, that penalty.
It was clipping Logan Stanley.
He actually gets suspended for game four tonight.
Just, like I said, a brutal, indefensible penalty.
You got the game in hand for all intents.
Less than nine minutes left, a three-goal lead.
Just brutal.
Hellebuck, awesome so far, not including tonight.
3-0 at a 1-5-5.
Goals against 9-5-8, say percentage.
And remember, boys, we were talking about,
would you rather go in the playoffs hot or cold?
Well, after what we've seen from Winnipeg so far,
you'd rather go in the season playoffs looking like dog shit
because they were brutal down the stretch.
That's, I think, another reason a lot of people picked against them,
but goes to show how much you can just chuck the regular season out.
Again, it's not over yet, but from what we've seen so far,
that's certainly indicative of it.
So let's see what else we got.
Moving right along.
Minnesota, Vegas, they just finished their first period.
Minnesota's up 3-1. They got three goals off Minnesota, Vegas, they just finished their first period. Minnesota's up three to one.
They got three goals off Marc-Andre Fleury in the first period.
Vegas does lead the series three to one.
This is a case I thought Vegas really woke up.
I think it was the Friday night game when they won five to two.
It just seemed like it all came together for them,
but obviously not right now.
So what do you got on this series, brother?
Well, Minnesota goes up when they win the first game of the series and next thing you know it's two nothing in game two and the
panic setting in for these vegas fans and you realize like r.a said wakey wakey golden nights
and they came out humming and i think alex tuck so far has been so good now can they move on and
and and get the job done without patch already it's It's like, I don't know. I've said this for a while.
And what's odd is when he went out in early May,
it didn't sound like anything serious.
There was nothing mentioned in terms of long-term,
and now nobody really knows what's going on.
Nobody knows why he's out.
Nobody knows when he'll come back.
So I think if you look at this series, Vegas is deeper.
Vegas is better.
I know I picked Minnesota just kind of throwing out a possible upset
with this magical season Minnesota's had
and really looking at their prior record
versus Vegas over the past two, three years.
But this team's at a different level.
I think that when you get the offensive going,
Stone was able to contribute a little bit
after being a slow starter in game one.
And basically, you got a crowd now in Vegas who's buzzing.
So when they do play at home, they got an advantage
that not many teams can say they have right now.
And I think that Minnesota to get out to this early 3-1 lead now says a lot,
but like they showed in Game 2, Game 3, Game 4, nothing's safe.
They can kind of score in bunches, which has been an issue for them in the past.
Right now, the offense is clicking.
Well, I mean, the biggest thing that sticks out to me are rare.
The two disallowed goals for Ericksonak, mainly the second one,
which would have tied the game, I believe, in game four.
And then Vegas ended up
When Foligno was in the crease?
Yeah, so my only issue with it,
it looked like Fleury's right skate was also outside where, yeah,
like a little bit of Foligno's body was
or I believe his right skate was in the where yeah like a little bit of felino's body was or or i believe his right
skate was in the crease as well so it was kind of like well he was going to establish the screen
mark andre furry kind of met him a little bit outside of his crease and like i said at that
point it gets stripped away from him and and that was uh the second of eric and eric's and x uh
goals that had been disallowed so i just thought that that was a pivotal moment in the series.
And I thought that that Minnesota got hosed on that call.
I kind of thought it was a really good play by Fleury.
Now, I don't know if he did it on purpose,
but I compared it to almost taking a charge where the minute you see him in
your crease, if you make contact with him, you're safe, you're safe.
You know, if you go and bump into him and he's outside the crease,
you're screwed. That's not your ice, but the crease is. So if you're going to show some sort of way that he bumped into you make it
look good no matter how you figure out how to do it goal called back the game's completely different
so he does a good job taking advantage of what is his ice and really maybe selling it a little bit
yeah the flop but the flop and that for the the Vegas Golden Knights taking dives.
I thought that disallowed the second one when Foligno was at the tip of the crease
there. It looked like a coin flip. I've seen that go
either way, depending on who's doing the review.
We've seen them, I think, go either way.
Was it the game before that or two games before
that where it would have been 3-0?
Yeah, that was game three
when it was offside and the goal came down
and then Vegas ended up smoking them,
beating them 5-2 after that.
So a couple no goals on the goal judges has been hooping Minnesota here.
So that's when we had two at the same time.
We had that horrible call by Montreal on Toronto, and then that one.
So a couple swings.
We had dueling reviews going on.
We talked about Marc-Andre.
He had been the number one-rated goalie going into tonight.
He's already given up three. Well, Vegas had
only scored four goals in the entire series
going into tonight's game. They already have three tonight,
so they might match their total output from the
first three games just tonight, depending on how it
goes. And what
when you look at the underrated players
and playoff type guys who don't get
talked about a lot, that's Stevenson,
Chandler Stevenson, dude.
He plays with pace pace i don't think
he's as as much of a game changer in terms of physicality and speed as a guy like tanev and
pittsburgh but still he's already got three assists in this series he looks good and he's
one of those guys that vegas has that is just competing they're in your face non-stop and that's
why that team they skate so well because they have guys like that who are always able to get
in on the forecheck get back on the back check,
and make it uncomfortable for other teams' defensemen to try to buy the puck out.
He's just a competent 200-foot center, and look at his winger.
So he doesn't really need to, like, he just needs to get the puck in the corners
and make sure he moves it to the big boys.
Absolutely, boys.
I think we're almost all set to bring Dougie Gilmore on.
I don't know if you guys had anything you wanted to add on this series
or anything else before we send it over to the Hall of Famer.
Okay.
Well, first, hey, guys, we got some big news.
Your favorite men's health care brand, Roman, is now available at Walmart.
Roman's non-prescription products have got you covered with everything
from sexual health to everyday health.
Your well-being is important, and taking care of it should be simple.
So now you can add to the cart in real life.
Roman, now available at Walmart.
We're in your area, so let's go take care of it.
Roman condoms are new and exclusive to Walmart.
You won't find them anywhere else.
They're designed ultra-thin, lubricated for pleasure,
and FDA-cleared because safe is sexy.
Roman swipes are an easy, discreet way to delay ejaculation
and increase sexual stamina.
They're fast-acting, and your partner will enjoy them too.
There's no past-along desensitization if you use as intended.
And we also have the doctor-formulated with 23 nutrients, Roman Daily.
It's a multivitamin that is optimized with ingredients
to support men's health and overall well-being.
Roman's team of in-house doctors created this unique, high-quality supplement to target nutrition gaps in men with scientifically-backed ingredients and dosages.
Remember, those supplements are not a replacement for a healthy diet, exercise, and good sleep.
You're still going to eat your greens and get your steps in.
Guy's going to take care of your needs.
So visit your local Walmart store today and check out Roman's line of men's health care products.
Have we reverse mushed the Oilers?
They're now taking a 3-2 lead before we head off to Doug Gilmore.
Alex Chason, assisted by Drysaddle and Hopkins,
Nugent Hopkins, excuse me.
So we got a little bit of a comeback brewing.
All right, we'll see what happens.
But for now, we're going to send it to Hall of Famer Doug Gilmore.
Well, we're fired up to bring you our next guest.
This guy was taken on the seventh round of the 1982 draft
and played 20 NHL seasons for seven different teams, including playoffs.
He racked up 1,602 points in 1,656 games.
He won the Selkie Trophy in 1993.
And in the 1989 playoffs playoffs he averaged a point
per game and helped the calgary flames win their first ever stanley cup and in 2011 he was elected
to the hockey hall of fame it's a great pleasure to welcome to the spit and chiclets podcast
doug gilmore doug thanks so much for joining us my pleasure guys thank you having me absolutely
so what are you up to these days? Enjoying retirement, I imagine?
Well, no. When I retired, I went back to work with the Leafs for a little bit and coached my kids.
And then I went to the Marlies for a little bit. Then I went to the junior ranks and became coach and GM.
So it was a fun ride. And now I'm just an ambassador.
And I'm getting up here when the weather's nice i cut my
grass every freaking day so there's nothing else to do uh golf shut down so it's it's uh it's tough
times he mentioned you in the selkie people are gonna go look at one year and see that he had over
120 points they'd be like what fucking league did you win the selfie in? With 120 points. What were you, seventh that year?
No, you know what?
That's when Mario came back.
Oh, no shit.
Yeah.
So Mario won.
And my consolation prize was selfie.
Hey, when he came back that year, were guys like wondering what he'd be like?
Or was everyone pretty much like, no, it's going to be a joke for him?
Like, were you surprised at all, like how easy it still was?
This is after the cancer one.
This is not when he retired.
So this is when Hodgson, whatever he had, and he missed like a half a year.
He still scored 140 points or something like that.
Yeah, either way, you're still got to be surprised as it's going on.
Well, he was phenomenal.
I had the opportunity to play with him in the 87 Canada Cup.
And that was his kind of coming out party, how good he was.
And just a remarkable player.
Hands, unbelievable.
Like, just a big body, too.
Like, when I'm playing against him, I'm 165 pounds.
To try to move a guy like that, I can't.
And I was going to say, the only reason you won the selkie that year too is because back then they forced you to come back across the
red line because they had because they had the two-line pass yeah that's true that's true i
could i can't even believe it looking back that they had that thing well not only that it's just
you know you're stopped and if you get a step on somebody or even
if you're racing for the pockets it's defensive i'm gonna hook them okay and slingshot myself
for a breakaway and it's not a penalty so like for my boys they're 24 and 22 now and did go watch
with the covid and everything else watching all these games and they're laughing.
It goes, what are the rules?
And they say, well, don't cross check too hard.
And pretty much that's it.
Trip, maybe.
In the playoffs, they take out that one too.
Yeah, exactly.
Playoffs are a little bit different.
Hudson Bay rules here.
Just like anything goes.
You just mentioned the 87 Canada Cup.
You should probably jump into that.
I mean, the skill across the board on all those teams is absolutely crazy,
but there weren't a lot of Russians in the league then.
What was the Canadian players' perception of Russian players at the time?
Well, there was none.
It was kind of unique because I'm the last player there pretty much it's between day pool and i
and uh who's coaching the team mike keenan so it was gretz and mess and uh coffee and these guys
said no we want gilmore not pooling so i had the players on my side which was great and i had the
opportunity to play in it i had the best seat in the house the last game i was on the bench
and to see mario score and like every game was six five it was just it was just amazing so in it. I had the best seat in the house the last game. I was on the bench. To see Mario score,
every game was 6-5.
It was just amazing.
It was probably a couple years after that
that they started
loosening up the restrictions.
We were in Calgary. We had one of
the first Russians. The guy's name was Sergei
Priyakin.
It was funny because
a little bit of English, but not much.
And all it was when you see him after games, vodka, it's like, yes,
you're white eyed.
You still seeing some of those guys in 87, it's like, Oh my God,
this guy would be pretty good in the NHL. Right.
Like you guys must've realized fuck.
Oh yeah. Larry on of and macro of like crew top there too.
But it was like macrov was just
you know i play with him in calgary after we won the cup and just unbelievable hands and
like imagine if he was a younger version and even igor playing for a long time and
hall of famer just unbelievable. Just so good.
You're talking about pretty much
analytics
where they would go back with the puck
and they're not going to give it up.
They'd go forward. Then they'd go back
again. Then they'd go forward.
It's almost like you're too tired to watch this.
Just take it in.
Despite all the political ramifications at the
time, communism was still a thing. there like an automatic sort of built-in mutual respect because
you you guys were all basically hockey players at this high level actually after the canada cup was
over uh we had a little party back in uh some of the rooms and somehow uh somehow somehow But somehow Makarov and Larionov and Fedezov got to the party,
and they were asking a lot of questions how they can get over here.
So it was right around that time.
Yeah, like can you still walk from Russia to Alaska?
Yeah.
I was going to go back to the draft, seventh rounder.
At the time, did you feel like you'd been snubbed,
and did that create a chip on your shoulder?
Yeah, you know, I got passed over my first year.
We won the Memorial Cup.
We had Dale, Howard Chuck, Scott O'Neill, Mark Crawford,
Fred Weinstruck, Fred Arthur.
We had a lot of good players, and dan frawley was on the team too
he's i think he's living in pittsburgh to this day but uh it was it was a great team and i got
passed over that's fine um i i was defensively coming in i got drafted to king, or sorry, Cornwall. And I was 145 pounds.
And the GM, or not GM, sorry, the scout that hired me
and the GM just said, we're going to move you forward.
So I was an offensive defenseman.
So the transition wasn't that bad.
And I got to learn from Howard Chuck kind of real quick.
And so the next year, he's gone to winnipeg and had the opportunity to
kind of be the top line and so i had 116 points that year and then uh you know our team we had
jim kite got drafted first round to winnipeg uh we had a guy named brent loni he went the third
round to philly and then i went to seventh round and so i i had a huge named Brent Loney. He went third round to Philly. And then I went to seventh round.
So I had a huge chip on my shoulder.
I almost wanted to be traded, and that didn't happen.
So probably my third game, we were playing against Kitchener Rangers.
I got in a fight with Mike Eagles.
And Mike was a lefty, and so am I.
He broke my nose and cheekbone.
Did you know he was a lefty and so am I I he broke my nose and cheekbone did you know he was a lefty no there wasn't YouTube back there like there's somebody else like me no and you only play him
twice you don't really see these guys and so he was a tough little customer played a little bit
in the NHL with Quebec and some different teams and so I went home and they fixed my nose and wore a cage.
But on my drive home, my brother is 13 years older than I am.
And he played minors, Don Cherry coach him in Rochester.
So he played about seven years and he was kind of laughing at me all the way home.
My nose is over here. And he said, what are you doing?
Like, go play hockey.
So I had a quick operation.
And again, our games are on the weekend.
So I had four days off and went back.
And I said, okay, time to pick it up.
And so it was a great year.
We made a trade for one of my best friends in Kingston.
And I ended up with 177 points that year.
Did you chuck anything on for face protection four days later?
Or did you still go no visor?
No, I had the visor on.
They wouldn't let me play without it.
And I don't know, the doctor in Kingston that did the operation at that time,
like, it had a big, like, hook on it.
And then when it was done, it still had a hook on it.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
Yeah, I killed Chris Drury.
Yeah, many years later, I'm in Toronto, and we're playing against Detroit,
and Paul Coffey shoots a puck around the boards.
And I go to block, and it hits me and straightens my nose right up.
So it was like, well, I shouldn't say that.
It was over here, and our team doctor used to be an RBI,
and he put his finger up my nose, snapped it back in place, and it was unbelievable how much better it was it was over here and that my our doctor team doctor used to be an rbi and he put his fingers up my nose snapped it back in place and it was unbelievable how how much better it was
that is fucking that there's just there's some hockey toughness right there i i'm i've read and
and heard you talk about how you know your family they all all worked in penitentiary system right
from where you grew up and your brother is that much older than you.
But for the most part, your father,
he pretty much laid down the law and told you what it was like,
how hard you had to work to become successful.
So looking back, like what memories do you have with him
in terms of growing up with the game?
Well, I think my brother, like everybody says,
my brother was a better player.
He was a little bit shorter but
he was stockier and he could fly but he didn't like criticism so he more or less told the coach
to f off all the time and so he was moved around a little bit and so you know things kind of came
natural playing in kingston small town and we uh i had a pretty good game i had three goals
it was a Saturday night.
We were playing Sunday the next day.
So I went to get my equipment out of the car.
My dad says, leave it there.
And I said, what do you mean?
He goes, you didn't skate today.
You didn't do anything.
Everything, you got lucky.
You got three goals.
So you try to figure that one out.
You go home and go to bed and get up the next day.
And so the next day i
worked that much harder i didn't get a point and so we come home and i walk right in the house and
he yells at me let's get back here get your equipment that's the best game i've ever seen
you play so yeah he taught me a lot my dad wasn't a hockey guy he was a baseball guy so um you know, he knew the game, but he also learned from, you know,
helping coach my brother years ahead.
So he just didn't want me to make the same mistakes.
Doug, in camp, the first camp with the Blues,
was that an era when you had to like basically fight every day,
especially as a seventh round pick?
Well, there's a great story right there.
So I was 19 years old and i'm going to
the first camp and it's in regina saskatchewan so camp is about two weeks long and you're you're on
your two days so i get the call in after two weeks and said okay you're going back to junior
so right across the street was uh the bar for the rookies it was 11 o'clock curfew
and so i'm over there talking to some minor league guys and different things and i'm like
oh should i go back or well you're leaving tomorrow it's like i better go check on this
so i walk in at 10 to 11 and there's probably uh this one scout probably last on the list of everything else.
He looks at his watch.
He goes, you're cutting it close, kid.
So in my eyes, I said, this is bullshit.
I'm going back out.
So I'm on the third floor.
The guy walks me up to my door.
And I'm rooming with a French goalie.
And he's in bed.
He's leaving tomorrow, too.
And so I look out the window
and you know what it's not that far down so to the second floor so i hang out the window
jump down the second floor now the problem is i'm on the second floor and it down from that part
it's about 30 feet so i'm stuck so, somebody opens their window, lets me through,
and I said, okay, I give up.
I'm going to go back upstairs.
So I go back upstairs, walk down the hallway,
and the scout's still there.
And he's looking, going, how did you  I just walked you in here.
I said, have you been drinking tonight, sir?
I walked right by you, buddy.
What are you talking about?
Oh, yeah. I said, went down here to call my mom
and dad on the pay phone it's like he's trying to figure it out and i go on oh boy did i screw
his mind up so as far as in i didn't play an exhibition game uh my first training camp so
um you know what they're pretty reasonable on the ice like not too many guys gonna fight each other
in practice guys that aren't fighters and stuff so um if it's minor league guys they're pretty reasonable on the ice. Like not too many guys are going to fight each other in practice, guys that aren't fighters and stuff. So, um, if it's minor league guys,
they're going to go at it, but, uh, it was, it was pretty easy. Um, again,
it was the next year when you came in,
that's when you really see the different values of different things.
And when all the cuts are made and like, I walked in, so, uh,
I, all the points I had that last year ralston perina um
they sold a team or it was for sale and there was no owner at the time so it's mid-august i don't
have a job and i'm like okay so i'm over dusseldorf in germany and i'm there for about a week and a half. And it was like, they said, okay, they want to sign me as an import.
So I called my agent up and I called Larry Kelly.
I said, they want to sign me. He goes, okay, jump in a cab,
pack your stuff, go right to the airport.
There'll be a flight or ticket waiting for you. Leave your equipment there.
We'll get them to send it back. Get out of there. Do not sign a thing.
So I got out of there, got home. and then Harry Arnest bought the team,
and Ron Caron came in as a GM, and then they hired Jacques Demers.
And when I went in about a month before camp or two weeks before camp,
Jacques Demers said, listen, we got Bernie Federico, we got Guy Chouinard,
Blake Dunlop, Larry Patey, Alain Lemieux, Mario's brother, and Mike Zoot.
He goes, how do you want to make this team?
I'm like, well, it doesn't look like I am, really.
So he goes, can you check?
And so my dad saved my contract, my first pro contract.
It was 65 pro, and after 40 games, or it was 23 minors,
but after 40 games, it was a one-way contract.
So I checked and it helped my career because I got to play
against the best players all the time.
No power play or anything, but it was a fun ride doing that.
You must have had a night the night you played your 40th.
You're like, yup, this is a one-way deal.
Are you kidding me?
No minors money this season yeah it
was uh it was kind of special uh you know obviously things change as time went on from the 80s 90s and
2000 and but yeah i was i was happy to pick your crap i had i had a beautiful apartment there 350
bucks a month so i even rented it out in the summertime for
two months to other players just to they could have their own little villa
yeah that was the time when i mean there was rumors like the blues were going to move right
to canada to saskatoon yeah wow imagine s Saskatoon possibly getting a team now, Biz.
I think it'd be great.
Was St. Louis's rowdy back then?
Because you hear about all these former players who played there,
and it's a bit of a party town.
It is.
They had the landing downtown, but then they had East St. Louis,
which is actually in Illinois.
And there's a place called Pops.
That's where the strip club's at.
Yeah, two strip clubs uh the oz and pops
and pops was 24 hours so when we had our year-end party we'd be over there and then walk into a
metal detector go into pops and we had uh police vans that were driving us around so you imagine
walking out at seven o'clock in the morning, it's daylight.
It's like,
this has been a long shift guys.
Let's get home.
Last man standing.
Exactly.
Well, speaking of,
speaking of strip clubs,
I got to get to it.
You get traded to the Leafs.
We'll go back to the,
how that all went down,
but you go to the Leafs halfway through a season team stinks.
The next summer,
Pat Burns comes in and you met him for beers at a strip club is that
true to talk about next season and what what you guys could become as a team uh he said where are
you i said i'm here and he goes meet me at the meet me at the rink so i met him at the rink and
then yes uh we went to a strip club for about a half hour and then people started to recognize
this way and you know he was kind of
telling me what i had to do he goes i want you to be the best player in practice and uh everybody
will follow so uh but pat was i guess he kind of a father figure to a friend to a cop you know i
mean like he had that uh disposition that is like he scared the crap out of me.
So it was fun to play underneath that.
I had my best years with him, but he was a great man.
And, yeah, just old school, right?
Yeah.
I could picture it now. You guys getting lap dances right in practice thrills on cocktail napkins.
I want you to swing low here,ougie come on killer get lower no not you miss i mean him on the
portrait good net good net front presence exactly exactly yeah low to high low to high
no but i skipped through i skipped we skipped
away from st louis too quick because uh brian sutter meant a lot to you there right and is it
true he gave you the nickname killer yeah well brian was my roommate for five years and my first
time uh we're playing an exhibition game in chicago he's going out with his brothers after
the game and i'm 20 years old you can't go anywhere so i got
the first bed he comes in had some beers hits my bag we're on the 27th floor he goes head first in
the window and he goes he called me charlie charlie you little fucker where are you and i'm
like uh i'm under the covers like this just shaking and he was probably the most intense
person I've ever played with he taught me a lot uh how to prepare um you know you say don't take
the game home with you yeah you took the game home with you and but um yeah so he called me Charlie
and uh because I was 155 pounds and um I had a mullet and I looked like Charlie Manson.
It's not the best story in the world.
Killer's way better than Charlie.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah, I might want to stay away from that one.
I want to ask you, Doug, too.
Now, you're a 20-year-old rookie, jocked him as a coach of the team.
Brian started captain.
But it's a relatively young room.
So were you intimidated in there the first time?
Was it very comfortable for you?
What was that experience like?
No.
Again, Brian was my roommate in training camp all the way through exhibition games.
And then when we got on the road, it welcomed me in.
It was amazing.
Like, honestly, timing was everything like that the year that i was going in
st louis because they didn't sell the team uh rossaprina the draft was in montreal and uh
they didn't have a first second or fourth round pick but the ownership told the gm do not draft one guy that year so my seventh round pick
became almost like your first second third round pick so imagine we didn't have one draft pick that
year and that's 12 rounds so um again they welcomed me in and you know i'm nervous you sit there you
listen and um it was it was a lot
of fun that's all i can say and we had we had older guys like pat hickey was there um obviously
bernie fiderico they they all helped out uh because you went in so undersized did they try
to put you on some type of like weight routine or some type of diet and or especially because you were becoming a checker at such a a small weight too yeah hence again if you see me in the summertime with shorts
i use you know get the scissors i've got the strength it's like to this day um no you know
what i i didn't feel i was small when i was out there. Just, you know, it's the mind game.
Because if somebody's going to
hit me, I'm going to get you back.
And it kind of,
that mentality that,
like, okay,
imagine my first time in Philadelphia.
So
we're playing, and I'm looking over
at their side and
looking at their lineup, and I'm staring at this their side and looking at their lineup and I'm
staring at this guy and Ryan Stutter
stops right in front of me. He goes,
what are you looking at? I said,
who's that guy? And he's only about
30, 31 years old. They had gray hair.
He goes, that's
Randy Holt. Do not go near him. Do not
look at him.
So again, the preparation
that these guys put in for me, it was like,
it really helped. And again, you're going to run into situations,
but for the most part it was just, you know,
there was so much respect because if there was something that happened,
it could be eventually clear and roll. It could be anything.
So you didn't do it.
You made sure you stayed clear of what, you know,
you don't want to put somebody in a bad situation.
So, yeah, that was  they taught you real quick.
But you also, if you did something wrong, you're going to pay for it.
These were before the games of  before the days of game notes.
Nowadays, you have the game notes to let
guys know about the PIMs and who the guys are.
Back then, it was kind of like, oh yeah,
fuck this guy.
We only had the lineup.
Okay, who's up there? And you know the
best players in the league, but sometimes
you don't know the other guys. You don't know the heavyweight
that just got called up.
You know, the heavyweights do, but they don't know the other guys you don't know the heavyweight they just got called up you know the heavyweights do but they don't know everything like we had we had uh um jack carlson on our team
and you know what handsome brother right the the other two brothers are the handsome brothers
but jack was tough as nails and from minnesota and his best friend was Paul Holmgren.
Well, don't you five minutes into the game, they're fighting each other.
And it's just like, okay, then, this is how this world works.
Doug, we were talking about size an awful lot.
Do you think the league is still too hung up on size,
even after all these years?
We've seen so much success, guys like Theo Fleury and Brad Marchand.
It still seems like they have too much of an emphasis on it.
Do you agree?
Theo Fleury and Brad Marchand, it still seems like they have too much of an emphasis on it.
Do you agree?
I think it's waved a little bit.
Back in our days, it was hard.
Harder.
In the 80s especially.
90s.
I played with Theo in Calgary.
Certain players.
But you look at the defense now.
There's a lot of guys that are smaller that can really you know obviously skate and do different things so um again the game's changed but at the same time if you can skate um you know what make plays whatever um look like marshawn you know
what you hate them but you want them on your team. You love guys like that.
Then, of course, after St. Louis, you end up getting traded to Calgary.
Stanley Cup 89, which sometimes I think even gets overshadowed by your presence in Toronto because you had a nice run there,
but people sometimes forget you won the Cup there.
Terry Crisp, you guys had an unreal season.
Take us through that.
Yeah, Lanny McDonald, his leadership.
I think the whole league was rooting for him to win at that. Yeah.
And you guys ended up beating Patrick Wild and the Canadians in the Stanley
Cup final.
Yeah, we, we were, we were loaded. You know,
our fourth line was like Mark Hunter, Brian McClellan, the GM,
Yuri Hirdina, you had Lanny.
The third line was Poplinski, Otto and Tim Hunter.
Well, that's not a fun line to play against.
And yeah. And then you got myself, The third line was Poplinski, Otto, and Tim Hunter. Well, that's not a fun line to play against. Mutants.
Yeah.
And then you got myself.
There's Colin Patterson, Joey Mullen, and I.
Then we had Gary Roberts, Neuendijk, and Hockenlube.
So on defense, McGinnis, Suter, McCrimmon, Jamie McTowan, Dana Mersin,
Rick Natchez all big bodies and
it was just
you know
we will get into
the Calgary thing
in a bit
but
it was a good team
Theo Fleury
was
he didn't come in
until halfway
through the year
and
so
again
we had a lot
of talent there
and
Crispy was
hilarious
because you know I got yelled at many times the first month.
And go in the dressing room, and Lanny says,
have you figured it out yet?
I said, what do you mean?
He goes, don't listen to him.
So we were good enough to do it on our own way,
but Crispy, he was a piece of work.
Laney McDonald, I would love to get to chat with that guy
because nobody's ever said a bad word about him.
Like R.A. mentioned, everyone wanted him to win.
And now, I don't know his exact job position,
but isn't he the person who calls to let guys know
they've been elected into the Hall of Fame?
Yeah, he's on the committee now.
He's the guy that makes the phone calls.
What a cool experience to hear from him,
a guy you won the Cup with,
and to let you know that you were going into the Hall.
It's only a matter of time, but still.
Yeah, you know what?
We don't play hockey to go to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
You play to win and to win that Stanley Cup.
And it's so kind of unique.
And, you know, it took me some time to get there.
But I actually had, who called me was Pat Quinn at the time.
He was on the Selective Committee.
And so I really didn't know how it worked.
And then I got a phone call from Mike Gartner in 2011.
And he just said, okay, I voted.
You have to have a representative for you on the committee to put your name in so he did and then they voted and i got it so pat quinn made the call
and i was sitting at a restaurant with my youngest boy and all of a sudden he comes up hockey hall
of fame and he spills chocolate milk all over my phone and i'm going
this better work this better work so it was it was it was a great experience um the top the tom
webster incident was that was that when you were in toronto when you calgary did you so you end up
scrapping with a coach how did this whole incidence play out well you know what i was kind of i'm an asshole on the ice so you know you get off the
ice and you look back oh did i really do that today so a different human when you get on on
the skates 100 you put your helmet on and you got to compete and um he was chirping at me so
i think we were losing so i went over to to say something to him and kind of just went like this.
And then he didn't really punch me, but he kind of pushed me back.
And so the problem is I got suspended too.
So it didn't work on my behalf.
So you were a little squirrely like that, always on the ice?
Like you said, if a guy got you, you'd always get him back.
Would you tell him you were going to get him back,
or would you just do it?
Oh, no.
I'm getting him behind the knees.
I'm going to hit you in the calf as well.
Your calf will shut down in the third period.
Get him with tranquilizer dart.
Oh, you know what?
Honestly, I'm going to do the worst thing in the world.
And it's like there's so many times there were bigger guys
and everything else.
So if I'm in front of the net, I used to have a piece on my
it looked like I had a little hunchback.
But that was a little for cross-checks.
So if I knew I was going to be in somebody's area that I didn't like,
well,
he's going to cross check me.
I'm going to go down,
but I'm coming on hard with my skate up.
So it doesn't feel that good.
Well,
you mentioned,
you know,
we'd get into the Calgary situation and later on,
it ends up being a 10 person deal.
You get traded to Toronto,
probably one of the biggest fleecing.
And I was on the side of a fleecing.
The penguins got Chris Kunitz and they gave up me. So you got to be, you get traded to Toronto. Probably one of the biggest fleecings. And I was on the side of a fleecing.
The Penguins got Chris Kunitz and they gave up me.
So you got to be the Kunitz of the fleecing.
I hear you.
But when it all went down,
hadn't you heard a couple months prior the GM there saying he wanted to trade you and you didn't even tell your teammates until a little while later, no?
Well, it all started by us going to arbitration and it was
that never before yeah so um it's probably the first month of the season and so the arbitrator
comes in town i look up that he's in a penalty box with the gm well that's a good start so um but my agent larry kelly that i had for 21 years he uh he's a lawyer and as time
went on he his first guy was doug wilson steve larmer and then myself and then it came to dave
ellett and then uh steve eisenberg so he came in a different route but yeah so pretty much we felt we won in arbitration whatever um rise brow that was his
first gm job so he wasn't quite ready for the arbitration against uh an agent so again it was
fine and we're playing in san fran at the cal palace before um san jose rink was ready so just like old school joining door um i got up at seven
o'clock in the morning to go to the bathroom and there's a joining door and i could hear somebody
on the phone screaming my name i'm gonna trade that bastard and blah blah so i'm laying on the
floor at 7 a.m in the morning with my ear to the door.
Tim Sweeney was my roommate.
And he goes, what are you doing?
He goes, he mentioned your name too.
Come on over.
So we're both sitting there.
So I told my agent, I said, listen, I'm in a perfect situation.
Team Canada at that time, the understays, played out of Calgary. I'm living in i'm gonna put pressure on him i'm no i'm gonna betray it he already said it so we played
new year's eve we had a party afterwards and that after it was all done i told the guys that hey
guys i'm not coming back tomorrow i won't be at practice wow so i walked in and i you know what
i was up till about two or three and walk in at eight o'clock in the morning
practice, not till 11, um, pack up my equipment.
And Paul Baxter says to me, what are you doing? I said, I'm leaving.
And he goes, well, rise, browse upstairs, go see him.
So I made sure we sat at a long table.
So I was at one end that he couldn't smell me.
And I didn't't i didn't have
the heat on my chest at this point in time but vix the vix paper hey you were leaving anyways
didn't matter yeah yeah so uh he goes if you walk i'm trading you it's okay so 24 hours later
10 player deal so come on he was in the works And so I didn't know where I was going.
And he called me the next morning.
He said, okay, you've been traded.
I said, okay, thank you.
And I went to who, and he hung up.
So I didn't know who I was being traded to.
So then Rick Wamsley called me.
He goes, you're in the deal, right?
I said, I know I've been traded, but where do we go?
He goes, Toronto.
I said, okay, great.
So we flew to Detroit that day, and it was a fun ride.
How pumped were you as soon as you heard Toronto?
Yeah, you know what?
Because Cliff Fletcher left Calgary the same year, I was hoping that's where I'd go.
Tom Watt was a coach when i got there we got in detroit and alexander goodin was number 93 and he was in the trade so tom watts had no
more high numbers so my first picture in the dressing room i'm wearing number 14 i said i'm
not wearing this not a chance so it's kind of ironic that he said, okay, 93, but I was going to wear 16 who's 16 now,
Mitch Marner that wanted number 93. So it's yeah. So it was,
it was amazing. You know, my parents were almost at retirement stage.
So they came up every weekend to see me play. And you know,
it's something that it was an honor to put the uniform on.
We had a little bit of success.
You know, we had some great leaders in that dress room, too.
That first full year as a Leaf, you light it up.
I mean, just take this huge jump.
Was that one of those things where you thought you had that in you,
but in Calgary you maybe weren't playing as big of a role as you did
once you got to Toronto?
You know what?
I played a lot in Calgary.
big of a role as you did once you got to Toronto?
You know what? I played a lot in Calgary.
Obviously,
we had to share the wealth with the power
play and different things.
I was 80, 90 points
in Calgary.
Again,
we had a good team.
We had four good lines.
There were three that could
really score and stuff.
Again, it takes a lot of pressure out in different ways.
But you go in there and expectations are high.
And so, again, through all my teammates, again, you don't do this on your own.
And Cliff made a great trade with Grant Feer to Buffalo for Andrew Chuck
and Darren Pupa.
And then Felix Potvin came up for the minors,
and it just changed their whole team around.
So, again, we had Glenn Anderson there, Mike Foligno, Bob Rouse.
You know, the leadership was  and then, obviously, our captain, Wendell,
probably one of the toughest guys that I played for.
Wendell was at the 87 Canada Cup Trials.
And so there's Dale Howard, Chuck, Kirk Muller, Wendell and I,
we all sat together.
And Wendell was the first one to be cut.
So he packed it up in his bag, I opened his bag,
he had his Toronto Maple Leafs pants.
I ran there, I signed him.
To Wendell, best wishes, Claude Lemieux.
So next time we played, was that you? item to Wendell. Best wishes, Claude Lemieux. Next time
we play, was that you?
I said, no, that had to be Muller
or Howard.
Hey, sorry you got cut.
I did tell him when I got traded to
Toronto that it was me.
The fight he had
with McSorley after he hit you is
one of the most
I think there's a YouTube clip, both 50 minutes long,
of Wendell Clark's hits and fights to Metallica.
Yeah, it's amazing.
When he fought Ben Wilson, when he was a rookie.
The 94 season, we're playing in Vancouver,
and Gino Ojek's all over me every shift.
So, you know what?
Wendell sees it.
He just goes up to Pavel Burry and says,
Hey, Pavel, if Gino touches Doug one more time,
we're going to knock you out.
I didn't see Gino the rest of the game.
I just said this about go get Backstrom if you're mad at Tom Wilson.
Don't get me going.
Unbelievable.
Hey, so obviously playing in Calgary, you win a Stanley Cup.
I'm sure that there's media pressure and tons of media
because you're playing at a Canadian market.
Was it a completely different beast going to Toronto,
or did you really not notice it?
And if it was, was it those veteran leaders that helped you kind of adapt
to the fact that this year you're in the mecca of the hockey world?
Yeah, Calgary is pretty media-friendly too, meaning there's a lot there.
But then you come into Toronto and that's when I believe TSN just started.
The newspapers, there's Globe and Mail, the Sun, the Toronto Star.
So yeah, there's a lot of people each and every day.
And it's something that I never shied away from the media.
You just kind of want to absorb it.
You know what I mean?
If they say you were bad and they write it the next day,
it's okay.
I'll be better the next day.
And we're all going to go through slumps.
It's just the way it is.
Not everybody can be perfect each and every game.
So it's something that, you know,
I felt the pressure that you put on yourself, okay,
is it's a hard way to get out of it.
There's a fine line.
If you get under that line, it is so many steps to get back up here.
Because you don't believe in yourself.
You're trying too hard.
You're squeezing your stick.
And that's where, in my eyes, when you see guys,
your teammates that are going through that process,
that's when you really help them out, take the pressure off
and make some good plays to them.
And just, again, media sometimes feed the inner side.
It's like, okay, you know,
screw you. That's how I looked at it.
No, no. I appreciate that. Cause I think looking back on, on most Leafs,
the reason why people respect you, the Wendell Clarks is because you guys,
I mean, you didn't really succumb to the media pressure at all.
You guys rose to the occasion, I guess,
more so than any Leafs team in recent memory.
Do any of these new guys ever reach out to you for maybe advice?
I've seen some interactions between you and Marner and Matthews
joke around on Twitter and stuff.
They got to be feeling some of that,
and there has to have been some dialogue at some point, no?
Well, yeah, I spoke to them when the world was normal.
You know, you go down to practice or game days
and whatever, you see them after.
You know, you go down to practice or game days and whatever you see him after.
But, you know, they have their own people to work with them.
And Mitch was a phone call away when, you know,
the stuff with Babcock that was going on before.
So I know, you know, Mitch's dad, you know, they're really upset about it and he wanted him out of there.
And so, no, no, no, he's too good.
Don't worry about it. Mitch Martin him out of there and so no no no he's too good don't worry about it he he's mitch marner on the fourth line really it's like he's gonna he's gonna embarrass
the coach and this is it's a matter of time he's gonna be back up and it was so again but it's
great things that mitch went through that it just made him a better and stronger player uh mentally
and you know it's you guys know it's a mind game.
And if you're into it and you're doing the right things,
like how many times have you had a cold going into a game
and you probably play your best game?
Other games you go in and you feel great
and all you do is change the puck all night.
So honestly, it's a fine line where mentally
when you're struggling, you're thinking,
okay, I'm not feeling that well.
I got a little groin tear or something.
And you get through the game,
and you probably play one of your better games.
Doug, I want to ask you about having the captaincy in Toronto.
I know you had Wendell there for a bit,
but was there anybody else whose advice you sought out
to take on such a pretty big role?
You know what?
The captain side, I was fortunate enough to be
capped a couple times and assistant captain of different teams the biggest thing as a captain i
wasn't going to be yelling and screaming but it's your work ethic and practice and games and the
other side is too uh a captain if a guy is a healthy scratch and um you got to go up to him and say
the reason why you're a healthy scratch don't say oh the coach is an ass but because then he's
thinking that way no this is what you got to do to make it better so you got to my biggest thing was
don't stick up for him because he's staying. Oh, the coach is not playing me because I did this and did this.
And that's when, as a captain, you got to go in or anybody that's a leader,
say, no, kid, come on.
This is what you have to do to get better.
Also, too, I want to follow up with Pat Burns.
I know you mentioned him a few minutes ago, but, you know,
what is it that made him such a great coach that he was able to climb that
coaching ladder so quickly?
I mean, he went from a cop to a Stanley Cup winning coach in very short order.
What made him so successful as a coach?
You know what?
Pat was almost like a four-year coach, maybe a five-year coach.
He would push you, pull the strings, and do a lot of different things that,
again, it was a scare tactic almost.
And then after a while, he's like, okay, you're not scared anymore.
And again, he was a player's coach.
But if you didn't work hard, then he's going to be hard on you.
And that's where, again, it's just as leaders on a team,
you got to see when it's like Mike Foligno,
he's in and out of the lineup, but he's not complaining.
So watch what this guy does.
Learn from him.
He wants in the lineup.
He wants your job.
So you got to be better than him.
So Pat would make sure that he pushed the buttons the right way.
I was going to ask about Felix Potvin.
What was this guy like off the ice?
Felix didn't say a word.
Okay.
So he started getting tats and stuff.
And he always said, he goes, yeah, I'm from a bad area in Montreal.
We used to fight a lot.
I'm like, yeah, okay, whatever.
And then we lived in the same apartment building uh he's
about three floors up from me and so he's always reading the paper it's like where what's going on
with concerts and stuff so i'm like where are you going tonight he goes oh i'm going to this little
club and he goes uh you know it's punk rock band it's pretty good i'm like okay i'm going to this little club. He goes, it's a punk rock band.
It's pretty good.
I'm like, okay, I'm going with you.
We went, ordered a beer.
Him and I were having a couple of beers.
Then the next thing you know, he's gone.
I'm like, where is he?
I look over.
He's in the mosh pit.
People are pushing him up.
I'm going, oh, my God.
If Bernsie found found out if they drop this
guy our season's over so i was like okay felix i'm leaving and i suggest uh you better be careful
what you do but he was a great guy and then you remember the fight with hexal so he could fight
so but just a quiet guy and a great person no smartphones back then so not all of no
nation knows about it all over the world no exactly that's uh i'll tell you a funny story
edmonton uh sherlock holmes the pub there uh the reporters used to sit at the bar and we used to
sit in the seats and then we had to leave at pretty much quarter to 11 to go back to the hotel and um there was a report that's writing a lot of things
the year pretty much i'm going to get traded out of toronto and you know i my daughter's like
12 years old and that's going to be traded i said probably honey because other teams want me that's
how i put it so it's like i said i'm tired of this guy
so i went out and got one of those little cameras the wine the ones he used to buy at the store oh
yeah the throwaways oh the disposables yeah yeah so i sat at the bar for about a half hour he's got
his arm around a girl so the evidence of media all these people saw me doing it so the next day
practice pre-game skate can we talk he said sure what's up he goes uh you know i'm married
it's like yeah well why were you taking pictures of me last night said i don't know how does it
feel and he goes well not that good I said how do you think I feel when
my daughter reads the paper my family reads a paper that you're writing about me every day
I said you know what I threw the camera out I wouldn't do that to my worst enemy but I just
wanted to tell you that I put you on the spot so yeah it was good back off yeah well I just
just like back in the days you know the practical jokes that go on and everything else.
And so many times in Calgary,
your buttons are gone from your dress shirt, your tie is cut.
It was like, I figured out who it was.
So once we got back to Calgary,
I got his car keys and they took it to the skate sharpener.
So his car wouldn't start.
He had to get a tow truck over there.
There was nothing wrong with it, but he had to pay a couple hundred bucks to get away sharpener. So his car wouldn't start. He had to get a tow truck over there. There was nothing wrong with it,
but he had to pay a couple hundred bucks to get away from it.
Hey, when you look back and you think you've ever been as angry
as when Frazier missed that high stick in game six in LA?
Like, were you just enraged at the time?
Like, take me through that process.
No, you know what?
I was, you can watch the video i just went
up to carry it's like i got blood here and carrie says i said to me he says he said to me
well it was a follow-through i said no it wasn't a follow-through he wasn't shooting he was trying
to lift my stick and the problem about that was the rules at the time if carrie doesn't see it
and the linesman call it that's a game misconduct and he's out.
So at the old forum, it would have been a riot.
So if the linesman just would have said,
Kerry, just say you saw it
and then give him a two-minute penalty
and then who knows?
But you know what?
At the same time, we had game seven at home
and again, the best player in the world beat us probably said he
said to me one day he goes that was one of my best games i ever played uh did you know bob mckenzie
fucked that all up or did you hear that i have to hear that on our podcast oh no i knew that he
woke he woke up he woke the best player up the league he pretty much said he hasn't done anything
the whole series except that last goal and so you guys are reading this in your locker room.
Oh, great.
You son of a bitch.
Yep, yep.
So you guys are completely aware of the whole breakdown.
That's unbelievable.
Big time.
Did you ever have words with Bob about it?
No, not really.
Bob's a good guy.
I guess I might have said something when I was playing days.
But when you retire, it's a little bit different.
You know, bygones be it.
But, yeah, we weren't too happy in that dressing room with that article.
Doug, do you think it was a case that was a missed call?
Or do you think it might have been sort of like a subconscious deferring
to Gretzky without knowing he was doing it?
Because he was Gretzky, and, you know, that's the way it went.
I honestly, you know, it's probably one of the biggest things I get all the time the missed call
and it's just I let it go again it's it's it was a high stick and there's one referee he misses it
well it happens and again we still had a chance to win but I tell you what, I told Kerry this. I said, Kerry, last year I watched through that whole game,
and that's the worst game I've ever seen you referee in my life.
Not even the high stick, just the calls that were missed
and the calls that he gave us.
I said, that was brutal.
I think my favorite referee game was Don Kowarski,
and that was in 93 playoffs against
detroit the final game game seven there's one penalty call and you know what referees got mad
at me sometimes because i'd always say well hey look at 17 000 people here they came to watch you
referee today and you bastard hey hey doug did uh did you get a bunch of makeup calls throughout the rest of your career
because Kerry fucked that one up or what?
You know what?
First and foremost, you feel bad for him because he had to live with that
and being an Ontario guy.
He said he had death threats and different things,
and you never want to see that on anything. So, you know, yes and no, but it's, again, referees are, you know,
because you can talk to them.
They can help you out at different times.
And I remember Gary Roberts and I were neighbors in Calgary,
and we had a bet for a case of beer for the most penalty minutes.
And coming down to the last game
and we're winning 4-1 with two minutes to go and i went to uh kohorsky i said hey you're an asshole
and he goes what's wrong with you i said i need 10 minutes
he goes really i said yeah give me 10 you gave me 10 so i want the case of beer
instead of worrying about bonuses you guys are worried about cases of beer.
Cases of beer, man.
You sound bad.
You talk about bonuses.
Back in St. Louis, when we had the run in 86,
we were waiting in July for our team bonuses.
And it was about 15,000 kind of thing.
And half of the bonus got, and the other half, they bounced.
So we didn't get our bonuses until August.
So that's how that team was.
Because he bought the team for 3 million and the rink for 10 million,
and he sold it three years later for 38 million oh my goodness uh let's talk about some of the uh the funny ads you used to do when
you were maple leaf i remember you were like the milk the milk ad guy and you had the the milk uh
the cow leotard on oh my god my dad grew up a habs fan he was all over you for that one yeah yeah there's uh here's how it was
i did the commercial well i got down there and i walked in and there's a guy and girl there
the makeup people and said here you go to give me a speedo put the speedo on and then they're
shaving my legs so i'm standing up and now they're painting it.
So in between when they're moving the sets and when I turn,
it's all makeup. So the Jersey would rub against it. But so when,
when in between sets, I get to take the Jersey off. So I get no top on,
I got speedo and milk legs and I'm meeting the milk board people kind of with
one hand somewhere else and one hand shaking hands.'s like turn the heat up please oh no growing out of show
right doggie same here i got the same problem buddy yeah i was in the pool yeah exactly
costanza so um no it it was uh it was a lot of fun doing it. I did it head and shoulders.
People used to bug me.
I was like, great hair can't have flakes.
So it was a fun ride, honestly.
It was so much fun.
And the kids, honestly, that were 7, 8, 9, 10 years old,
they knew me as the milk guy, not the hockey player.
So it was kind of interesting how it went down.
That's the only reason I went and got your autograph at the Penn Center one time on my leather Maple Leafs hat.
I talk about it on the pod all the time.
You were there signing autographs.
Oh, wow. Nice.
Were you the only one there?
Yeah.
Yeah, so.
This was a seeker then.
Dougie, after Toronto, you know, you lost five or six years in the league.
You played for a few different teams.
You know, you're an older guy.
What GM's bringing you into sort of mentored guys?
What were they telling you your role was, you know, like, say, New Jersey,
Chicago, Buffalo, those last few years?
Well, Jersey Sonic or Lou was great.
I had to go through arbitration with Lou.
That was a lot of fun too but the nice thing with that is i because my contract was one of the old contracts so i was
gonna get a raise no matter what and it's only a one-year deal so um you know i don't look at
hindsight but when i signed with chicago and i get a call from Bill Wurtz and Bob Pulford
about 8 o'clock at night.
And you can tell they had some cocktails in them and said,
we want to sign you tomorrow.
Brett Hull's going to sign here.
He's going to wear Dad's jersey and some other signs.
So I agree.
I signed with Chicago, and a day later, Brett Hull signs with Dallas.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
Because I could have stayed with Jersey.
They offered me four years, a little less money,
but I would have had a chance to win a cup again.
But, you know, as a player association guy,
Chicago's a great city, obviously,
but I was kind of directed the wrong way and uh you know it was
this if you you want to look at that lineup um in chicago that year in 99 we didn't win a lot
of games but we didn't lose too many fights it was it was uh you know probie Vandenbush, Mark Jansen.
Oh, my God.
Reed Simpson.
Reed Simpson.
Dave Manson.
Holy shit.
It goes on.
He lost a lot of games, too.
One, they just wanted to keep it close.
Brad Brown.
Hey, don't get up too late here, boys.
Then we're really fucked.
I think Bonby had a coffee with us there too like it was
honestly
it was
Lorne Malkin was coaching and he says
the starting
lineup is this guy this guy this guy
and Bushy
says I can't fight
Grant Marshall that's my best friend
Proby goes I got him you take my guy
and this is how the start of the game was going to go on I can't fight Grant Marshall. That's my best friend. Proby goes, I got him. You take my guy.
And this is how the start of the game was going to go on. And there was no, like, bad blood against anything.
But this is what how they coached that year.
Is that where you learned how to slam the penalty box door?
Is that where you
No, I was in Montreal.
Well, I know that you took it there.
But I watched that clip over and over,
and you're obviously heated, but when it breaks,
you must be like, fuck.
Well, you know, I signed after 9-11 happened.
I was retired, and Montreal called me
because Saka Koimu had cancer.
Ottawa called me as well with Jacques Martin,
and that's when Char was there.
They had a really good team.
They needed another centerman.
So I went to Montreal.
And so now we're in the playoffs.
We beat Boston in the first round.
So we're playing against Carolina.
And I take a penalty.
But five minutes ago, we're losing 4-2.
Could be my last game ever, right right so I didn't like the call
went in there
slammed the glass and it shattered
and I put my head down and I'm like
oh boy I'm going to be in here for a while
and if this is the way
I'm going to retire
this sucks
so yeah how many times have you gone in
a penalty box
and slammed the door and the glass doesn't break?
It's like, so, yeah, I ended up playing another year.
So I'm glad that wasn't the end of my story.
Did you get dimed up after that?
You know what?
I didn't know if I was going to come back, right?
And I didn't know if I was going to come back, right?
So the owner of the team, he was great.
And George Gillette, really nice guy.
We had a team banquet.
He brought the wheelbarrow full of all the glass out to give to me as I left.
So, you know, I signed about 10 of them, put them in his suit coat when he walked away from dinner
and he went to pick his jacket up he was only about 5 8 and so he he looks at it takes the
stuff that he goes you know i'm selling these so but uh yeah i i honestly you know every team i
play with i enjoyed um buffalo was a little hard because I left Chicago to go to Buffalo
they traded JP Dumont and I for Michael Grosick and JP played another 10 years and a great career
I think Grosick played one year so um my time in Buffalo was it was good it was short and as uh
here's that Dave Anderchuk was my roommate.
And you know what?
Every road trip, 11 o'clock at night,
Lindy Ruff's knocking on our door to see if we're in.
And we're both 39 years old.
We're 39 years old.
It's like we've already had our beers.
We're in bed already.
But it was pretty cool. but my first year you know
you can get the buffalo you i played uh 15 games and uh i think we won 13 of those games and make
the playoffs and but the next full year buffalo hsbc arena it used to be i figured what that meant
holy shit buffalo's cold so
doug i got one more i gotta go back to 89 you scored the stanley cup
clinching goal that year and you got the empty net to totally seal it i know guys weren't always
grabbing pucks for souvenirs for players back then but did you ever what were you able ever
able to get one of those pucks either either the two of them no you know back in the days we really didn't uh the memorabilia wasn't really into that
and i've got a lot of stuff here but it was just different uh terry crisp said after i scored on
the empty net he goes i want that puck after the it's over so i did grab the puck for him
and you'll see him on the ice putting in his in his pocket. Oh, okay. So, yeah, but no, I,
I never really asked anybody for anything.
It was just, it was kind of weird.
I wish I did.
Cause I've got like lots of my own memorabilia,
but it's just different stuff.
You're pretty good at describing former teammates, Matt Sundin.
I'm sure you still keep in touch with him.
Like, just seeing him grow and his development
in the time you spent with him in Toronto.
Yeah, it was two and a half years with Matt.
And on my 1,000th point, he scored.
Great player.
Like, a big body.
Just him playing now would be that much better.
Because, you know, the hook hook in and, you know,
intimidation sometimes the different things that Matt's was a horse,
like he was powerful and he was just coming into his own when he joined us.
And you know,
I know it really hurt our team when we lost Wendell the character and
everything else, but I, you always traded for the future too.
So it was a great move.
And Matt's a great guy.
And just, you know, he was laid back.
He didn't say too much.
Had fun when time was right.
But his skill set was over the top.
Your time in New Jersey.
I know most people don't think he was as a New Jersey devil,
but you played with Jacques Lemaire.
You played with four Hockey Hall of Famers.
And that was in the midst of between the two,
two of the Stanley Cups.
How'd you, how'd you enjoy your time in Jersey?
The brief time you were there?
I loved it.
Honestly, living in Secaucus wasn't the best when you first got there.
And imagine leaving Toronto. We're living in Secaucus. It wasn't the best when you first got there.
Imagine leaving Toronto, but a week after I got there, my car arrived.
I go to park in the Meadowlands and pull in.
The guy says, can I help you?
I said, yeah, player Gilmore.
He goes, never heard of you.
Park over there.
Times change real quick, but I lived at west orange there and it was great probably the best coach um technically that i ever had was jacques lemaire leafs what do you think
going into playoffs this year do you think it's their year well you want to believe that and
hopefully everybody stays injury free i think the additions that they made were phenomenal.
The younger guys are getting that much more mature,
and it's a different season this year, the North Division.
You never pick your poison.
So whoever you've got to play against, you play against,
and they've got a great chance.
For me, being an ambassador with the team, too, and playing,
and we got close for two years, and it's a great feeling. So hopefully it's going to be a great run for him.
Yeah, we're kind of a Leafs podcast.
Well, not our A. He's Bruins.
Mikey's whoever wins the cup.
He goes to Vegas with them, party them.
But we appreciate you.
And anyone who hasn't read it, but your book, Killer, you know, my game.
What is the final?
My Life in Hockey, 2017, Unreal Read.
Check that out.
And we really appreciate you coming on.
It's been a blast chatting with you.
Well, my pleasure, guys.
And congratulations on all the success.
Look at the pink Whitney.
I'm going to have one right now.
We're about to send you up a big old boatload of it.
So thank you very much.
Cheers, guys.
Thanks so much, Doug.
Really appreciate it.
My pleasure guys.
Huge.
Thanks to Doug Gilmore for joining us for a great interview, man.
I love watching him play.
They didn't call him killer for nothing, man.
He was such a great player.
Stanley cup winner with the flames in 89.
So thanks again to Dougie for joining us.
We do want to tell you that sport clips,
haircuts offers a unique experience
that exceeds the typical haircut from start to finish.
Sport Clips stylists are experts in men and boys' haircuts
with specialized training and techniques.
Cutting guys' hair can be harder than women's hair.
When you go to Sport Clips versus a place that cuts women's hair,
you're getting stylists who are specifically trained to cut guys' hair.
Sport Clips are experts in understanding facial shape and hair texture
and cutting to a guy's best advantage.
Sport Clips' signature service is the MVP haircut experience.
It's so much more than a haircut.
You get the legendary hot steam towel on your face,
the old massaging shampoo that makes you melt right into your seat.
It's the ultimate in relaxation.
And with 1,800 locations nationwide, a Sport Clips is closer than you think.
So visit a Sport Clips near you for a haircut that exceeds the typical
experience from start to finish.
Sport Clips haircuts.
Go check them out.
All right, gang, moving right along to the next series, Nashville, Carolina.
This has been a doozy so far.
The Preds won back-to-back double overtime games to tie the series. Nashville, Carolina. This has been a doozy so far. The Preds won back-to-back double
overtime games to tie the series.
Some spectacular work
from UC Saros. He stopped
52 saves in Game 3,
58 saves in Game 4.
We get a series, basically
a best-of-three now, going back to Carolina.
Whit, what's your take on this thus
far?
I've been catching some heat from some Predators fans,
which I don't want that smoke.
I love Preds fans.
But I said before, I said this would probably be the biggest upset,
I think, in the first round.
Now, I can admit when I'm wrong.
I'm very well known to do that.
I kind of forgot about Cole Ross St. Louis when I said that.
My brain was in other places.
Right when I was reminded of that, I said,
oh, shit, that was probably right up there, too.
Well, I mean, Riley did guarantee that they would win.
So, I mean, you have to take that into account.
I think I had to.
And if I'm wrong, and I did think of St. Louis,
it was that they had won the Cup.
And, you know, I gave them a little credit, right?
So, I just knew that this is an outmatched series, these two teams.
And the first two games, I was right. You know, you give them a little credit, right? So I just knew that this is an outmatched series, these two teams. And the first two games, I was right.
You know, Carolina's dominant.
And they look exactly like everyone thought they did
in terms of rolling lines, controlling the puck.
Awesome crowd.
I know we keep bringing it up.
That can be our new thing, Biz.
It's like a swipe up.
We're going to say awesome crowd the next two months.
And then it goes back to Nashville.
And this UC Soros puts on the performance of a lifetime,
two games in a row.
And I think that if I could choose every game besides the late games,
but every early game,
give me three,
four overtimes like this double overtime is incredible,
but give me more as we're watching these games.
Even when I gamble on them,
I want my team to win but i i also i just want it to go longer and longer and these storylines get crazier
and so who who thought going back to nashville the way carolina looked it would it would be two two
no one it was completely different the way those two teams like play at each other one team took
the fucking play to the other team the entire time it
was slanted and then you go back to this banana lands crowd and talk about taylor luon i'm saying
his name correctly yes has there been a better beer chug team fire up in the history of beer
chugs in that arena there's been offensive linemen chugging beers in there for years
and that was just game-breaking well he was the was the one doing it out of the catfish, I believe,
a couple years ago.
And talk about peer pressure.
Oh, he was with that group as well?
Well, I think the whole crew was there last time.
So this time he's sitting shotgun with his wife and his kids.
So talk about peer pressure.
They put him on the jumbotron.
He's got his kid in hand, obviously keeping it a little bit classy,
and then it goes back to him.
And next thing you know, beer thrown to him, ch chugging it jerseys off waving around and sure enough they
find a way to win it and that was in game four and there was one thing they needed to do if they
were going to have a chance and it was get the fucking power play going second game in carolina
0 for 7 absolutely pathetic what do they do in game three grandlin ties it up 3-3 in the second
with a big one and i think that they were they were 0-4 at that point in that game and then in game four Cousins I think
it was his first ever playoff goal ties it 3-3 early in that third period of force overtime again
so power play coming up with some massive massive goals you got to think that the home crowd
obviously lifted them and gave them the advantage in that regard. But I tell you what, man, it's a whole new series.
I still like Carolina.
And when I look at it, I look at the Pittsburgh Islanders game
where they're out-chancing them.
They're out-shooting them in most cases.
Well, Sorokin and Serra stole a couple games, and they get to live on.
So I think that Carolina is going to have no problem solving goaltending
when they
get back home with their home crowd and and i think i think i ended up picking them in what
six games so i think that they're going to end it off but a bit snake snake bitten on the road
um yeah that crowd seems awesome i i still still remember when i couldn't go to the finals with
ra and granelli when they paid their own way when we began this podcast
and you guys came back just pretty much agreeing completely
with what I described that city like,
but you said it was steroids because the finals was going on.
Unbelievable.
It was the best trip of my life.
That rink is smaller.
It's like, you know, Biz, it's not like the size.
If you're in the United Center where the Blackhawks play,
is it even still called that is the complete opposite feel of being in
Nashville.
So I think that even 12,000 in there is just perfect.
Luke, Luke Cunning, Kunin or Cunning.
I apologize.
I don't know exactly what it is.
I'm going to go with Cunning traded early,
like a high draft pick and you're wondering what's going on.
And like, he seems to have found a perfect role there.
He looks awesome.
And he's made plays.
I think that other teams who gave up on him,
didn't think he could make offensively or they didn't trust him enough to,
because now you're seeing create more.
And I like that American guys shout out America.
What else about this series did we have to bring?
We got to touch on Duchesne.
That must have been a pretty special goal for him.
I know he maybe had a little bit of an underwhelming regular season
and a pretty hefty contract when he came over.
But, you know, I mean, those are the types of moments,
if you're able to create enough of them,
I think they tend to forget about the big contract.
So a massive goal for him.
And that was what, was what the first overtime
oh i remember what i was gonna say yeah it was the first overtime game the second overtime that
he scored and i think i believe it was jose who gave him that that flip pass that he he walked
in on too that gorgeous pass there was a picture i saw of or it's two pictures in one tweet and the
first is like you said taylor luan holding his baby and looking at his wife.
And then just the splits.
He has his shirt off, tats ripping, chugging this beer.
Oh, that was, you know he probably took a little bit of heat.
She's like, you're unbelievable.
The best is when they have the catfish.
And like, through the catfish, that must be the grossest beer ever.
Having the dead fish in your beer.
Those guys are absolute savages that do that shit, too.
The Weber bomb.
And then the goaltenders is pretty much head-to-head.
I know Saros has been outstanding the last two,
but Nedeljkovic threw four games, 2-2,
with a 2-1-3 goals against 9-2-8 save percentage.
Saros, 2-2, obviously, with a 2-5-2 goals against 9-2-9 save percentage.
So a pretty even battle in the crease,
but obviously Saros has been on fire with that stuff lately.
Any other final notes, boys, on this series?
I'm still on.
Kane's in six.
Game five, tonight, I'm taking them big.
Tonight at 8 o'clock.
And I'm hot.
8-0.
What was that already?
Saturday.
Yeah. 8-0. 8-0 on, what was that already? Saturday. Yeah. 8-0.
8-0. And as we're talking,
Winnipeg just tied it 3-3
in the third. Oh, God.
14 minutes left, so we'll keep an eye on it.
If the Oilers won, come on.
Keep an eye on that. Of course,
I did mention from the get-go, we have
handshakes already in the playoffs.
Boston Bruins lost game one
and then proceeded to run off four in a row versus the Capitals to win in five just as i predicted and wagered uh your voice
changed your you got so proud of yourself with that voice change when you started discussing
he was saving all of his energy for the second half of the pod so he could double wrist his
bruins off hey you saw he's taping his wrist right now i will say i will say guys i've hopped
on the bruins bandwagon this team looks unbelievable the additions continue to look even better and
better that curtis lazar the defensive plays he's been making so far or so far in these playoffs
they have stuck out like a sore thumb um fuck they are they are rolling and i would i am very
confident that they could go all the way.
And I know this is a Bruins podcast, and some of you are hoping, is there one guy who could lay off the Bruins stroke-off fest?
No, it ain't going to happen because I'm jumping on the bandwagon.
Love it.
We got to get biz to Boston for the cup final.
Oh, you calling a cup final right now, R.A.?
I mean, I've already put my money in my mouth.
It was a long time ago, back at the beginning of the season.
So I don't know if you've heard or the moronic, like foley morons,
slobs, hookah haters.
I don't know if you've heard from them because I believe now
he's got the highest save percentage in the history of the NHL playoffs I think with over 75 games played or something like that I might be butchering the
stat but I don't think I am you are correct with all right yeah what are they all saying now
I don't know I mean I thought he looked great the team is sick Craig Smith's awesome Halsey looks
great now let's let's be clear.
Washington, they didn't have anything.
Unless the Bruins are that good where it was like that was a good team,
but they look slow, injured, and completely out of sorts.
I will say, in game two when Smith scored, horrific turnover behind the net, right?
By Samsonov?
Yeah, the transfer with Schultz there.
I'm just saying it.
I don't think you ever see Crosby screaming at his goaltender
like Ovechkin was at the end of a game like that.
See, now, are you for sure that that's exactly what he was screaming about?
He was screaming.
I believe the Smith goal was in game three and was the
ot winner correct ra correct yes that's what i meant so i didn't i wanted i want to make sure
i cover we got a lot of games going on no i saw i i'm sorry i said game two so you was that confirmed
that that's what he was harping about after the game you know what i don't know that so i am going
off a twitter headline that said over streaming andkin is screaming at Samsonov. He was screaming Russian, though.
I just saw a bunch of bullets.
And it looked like his eyes were moving the way a goalie would be skating off the ice
out of the crease to the bench.
You know what he was saying?
You're not getting the Putin credit card.
That's what he told him as he was skating off.
He's not getting the special card.
He will not be swiping it.
No, he probably didn't cross sauces at pregame he's like i told you to cross them and then he crossed them
in the game and and turned that over to smith for for a very easy talk i don't know if you guys
heard the jack-up call.
The Bruins win 3-2 in double overtime and lead the series two games to one.
I mean, what's better than a Jack Edsworth OT call?
You know what's better?
What?
Flipping over to USA and getting the NBC Sports guy that's doing it.
I don't know how it's possible, but you're able to watch both.
I think we talked about this last episode.
I don't know how you can watch both.
Usually it's blacked out.
One of them is blacked out.
You're local.
You watch the local if the team's on national TV.
And now you can see both.
I just flip it right over.
It's beautiful.
And sticking with the Ovi topic, I mean, a question mark going into the offseason.
To me, there's no reason that he's going to leave Washington unless he wants maybe brighter
light somewhere, maybe a little bit more sunshine.
But he just finished a 13-year deal that I think paid him 124 million.
I don't know what he's going to want to command.
I think seeing what Backstrom signed for,
it probably would lead Ovechkin to maybe take a little bit
of a hometown discount with.
Yeah, I think he decides.
I would guess he's not looking to crush him and be making 13, 14 a year.
Maybe I'm wrong.
He deserves it.
If he wants to be the highest paid guy in the league,
you got to give it to him.
Am I crazy?
You pretty much give Obi what he wants.
Now, if it's that ridiculous, you're dealing with a fan base
that will forever despise you.
Right?
I don't know.
I don't know if you could. He brought them a cup.
No, they despised
the GM for not giving them what he wants.
Oh, I misheard.
I'm sorry. I talked to Nate
after I gave him a little skull job
the other night after Bruins could
versus the Capos. Nate got crushed.
It was like eight on one in the stream.
He's the only Caps fan.
We're just dummying the poor kid.
The Capitals owner actually came out with a statement
like two weeks ago talking about Ovechkin
and his future with the team.
And he basically said that they're going to spend
the cap no matter what as long as Alex Ovechkin
is playing hockey and they'll basically pay him
whatever he wants.
Oh my goodness.
Blank check?
Brunelli sounds like he's like a bouncer at a Vegas club
that just heard this.
That's how much it's going to hurt their cap situation,
the sound of Grinelli's voice.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know if he'd want to go back to Russia or not,
but I don't think he'd be looking for that kind of money again.
I mean, he made all that money already,
and obviously if he takes less, it'll help that cap situation
because they are getting older, as we saw.
I don't
think you're gonna see kuznets off there anymore you gotta think they'd look to trade him i don't
know if seattle can take him super skilled but you don't know what you're getting from whoever's got
the best wolf yeah if you have a sick v of cocaine. Coconut-flavored dummy dust.
He's got the nicest granite in the National Hockey League.
We've got to talk about another Russian, Orlov, the hit on Miller.
Fucking leaping Lenny Poffo.
Yeah, so we've talked about a few of the hits in these playoffs on this podcast.
Now, this one's tough because he ends up leaving his feet, right?
So right away, you're like, wow, no reason to do that. And when he gets his elbow up, he ends up leaving his feet, right? So right away you're like, wow, no reason to do that.
And when he gets his elbow up, he ends up making contact
with what looks like Miller's shoulder.
So I don't at any point see him make contact with the head.
But what that does, though, it forced him to fall back.
And most of the damage was done with the way his head hit the ice.
Did they end up coming up with any supplementary
supplementary ed to fucking christ
supplementary discipline i don't i don't that one always gets me uh he didn't get suspended i don't
i know that i'm not sure if he got fined or not i know there was a handful of fines handed out
over the weekend i'm not sure if he was what the the worst case is miller's now out for some time
and he was playing great man talk about a defenseman out there that can close on guys,
great stick on puck, very mobile, very impressive at the fact that,
you know, I don't get to watch the Bs a ton,
but following them so far in these playoffs,
that's a very valuable loss to the Bruins lineup.
And I would imagine, as a Bruins fan, R.A., what did you think?
Did you think dirty, or did you think just a tough result?
No, it's dirty.
I mean, when you jump, it wasn't like one of those cases
where the guy gets elevated during the impact.
It was like he fucking jumped right into him.
For sure, he was a foot off the ice.
Yeah, and Miller's a tough bastard.
He gives the Bruins that element that, you know,
well, they don't have Chara anymore,
so that's the toughness they need on the back end.
And also, too, shout out to the handshakes, man.
Watching Chara and Bergeron, that was a cool moment.
I mean, those guys played together for so long,
and him going through the handshake line,
I'm always a big fan of that stuff.
But particularly with Z this year, it was pretty good stuff.
But Miller did miss game five.
There's no word on when he may be back.
Obviously, the Bruins are going to be sitting around for a while
waiting for the winner of New York-Pittsburgh.
Well, Wynn, I want to ask you, what did you think of that?
Because, I mean, by the time he ends up making contact,
he's a foot above the ice, but he didn't end up hitting his head.
Yeah, and it wasn't like a shoulder-to-the-face head shot,
but when you see some guy both feet in the air,
it's just automatically dirty, right?
You can't be doing that.
And, like, I don't know.
It's brutal for Miller because, like you said, he played good,
and he's had such brutal luck with injuries.
I hope he's able to come back and he's all right.
But that was scary.
You know, he said he went to the hospital.
And I think that  I don't know if it was a recent episode
or we were just chatting, like, in New York or something, but that's a guy who worked with Adam Oates. I think we might have said it was a recent episode or we were just chatting like in in New York or
something but that's a guy who worked with Adam Oates I think we might have said this yeah Adam
Oates noticed something the way he was retrieving the puck and he was making himself vulnerable to
concussions and he did one little slight thing and changed yeah and his game changed like how
he was able all of a sudden he was so much better at handling the puck and yeah that's a tough loss
I mean that's a loss we always say in in the St. Louis series it could have been different two years ago Bruins also announced that Andre Kashi
will is going to be shut down for the rest of the season we will not see him obviously they didn't
see him at all this year he did try to skate and get into a game but he won't be returning and
going back to Tuca Rask I mean he was great in game five the Bruins basically were it didn't
look like they could outplay by too much but you looked at the shots, 41-19.
He also passed with Jerry Chivas for most playoff wins in Bruins history.
I mean, you talk Bruins goalies, there's a short list of guys who've done it all.
Jerry Chivas obviously was number one at the list, so Rask passed him.
And also, Biz, we got to talk about Brad Marchand turning into Michigan J-Frog,
the fucking Wb frog who
pulls people off stage with their fucking with the cane like hooking them off the stage well
he got away with it i think in game two and then he ended up doing it again taking a stupid penalty
because the refs probably got the video from it from the game before while they end up potting one
on that power play and and we said it in the in the in the gambling cave we said he better get
it back and i think that he responded with one shortly thereafter.
So talk about the Rat King back up to his old antics.
And I mean, when they end up scoring afterwards,
sometimes they don't learn their lesson.
So let's look out for the hook off the stage play.
I think Chris Chelios made that famous.
He would always go into scrums with his stick turned over.
He would call it the swan or something.
So Marshawn is taking the old school approach again,
that fucking guy, man.
I couldn't believe when Mantha got the penalty on the first night he did it.
He didn't do anything.
And then he gets away with it and Then he decides to do it again.
That was ridiculous.
I'm sorry to bring this up,
but has there ever been a better named goalie for a city than Jerry
Cheevers playing for the Boston Bruins?
Imagine people already like, how do you say his name?
Jerry Cheevers?
Jerry Cheevers.
That's the most perfect name to play goalie in Boston.
I mean, that's amazing. Going back to that. Sorry.
Absolutely.
The Bergeron goals. He looks as good as ever.
I think we had the discussion on the, on the live stream about five years ago.
You were like, all right, how many years does he have left being good?
And now I think it's basically timeless. I don't think it'll ever end.
He looks as good now as he ever does,
and he doesn't have to be as fast as the fastest players out there.
He covers first line centers.
Minus nine, no points next round.
Mush God got him.
Dude, don't you fucking dare.
Hey, you know what, though?
If he has no points, the guy he's playing against will probably have no points as well.
If he doesn't have it offensively, he does it on the other end.
So suck on that, Biz.
If you're a Bruins bandwagoner now,
what do you say?
Bandwagoner?
I don't know what you're telling me.
Bruins bandwagoner?
You can't be throwing that out into the atmosphere.
I switched with Witt's tongue this week.
Good way to fuck up your cut.
I got marbles in my mouth right now.
Caught him for me.
Yeah, Pasta had a great series.
Two goals, four assists.
McAvoy, five assists.
Bergeron, three goals and an assist.
Halsey had two goals as well.
So the guys, they needed to get things done, got them done.
So, again, they'll wait and see who wins.
New York Islanders, Pittsburgh Penguins.
They'll take that series win run.
All right, moving right along for the other handshakes.
This was just absolute destruction.
Colorado sweeps the Blues.
They outscore them 20-7, just out of domination.
The Nate Dogg, Landis Gargan, Rantanen, they feasted on the Blues.
They combined for nine goals and 15 assists, 24 points in four games.
Nate Dogg got six goals already.
Grubauer, 4-0 with a 1-7-5, 9-3-6.
And also, he had a nice little Instagram he posted earlier in the series.
The most entertaining part of the whole series was the post,
4-0 split Instagram post.
Yeah, he had some words with Jordan Benetton,
who's not afraid to mix it up with opposing goalies. And he just had a picture of them two jarring at each other with the caption
memories from round one so it was a real subtle little troll but but it worked and I know
Bennington did have a rough series man oh and four three five nine eight nine nine say percentage
uh the whole team wasn't good I mean it certainly wasn't his fault but he's lost his last nine
playoff games in a row so um let's go to you first well I mentioned O'Reilly's comments coming in the
series he was confident the team they had a great push towards the end of the year and
they were playing some good hockey but I don't know man they just they didn't look at like the
team of the past and you look back to the shake-ups they had in the offseason and not
bringing bringing back Petro and uh you know who knows what's going to happen with them looking forward here
and if they can kind of get back to where they were when they won it.
I think McKinnon's man on a mission.
Six goals already.
I mean, the way that he's able to just move with that line and Makar,
I don't know how they'll be stopped.
I'm picking them against Vegas if Vegas ends up closing out many,
which we think they will.
I mean, when I think of Colorado, it's just like speed.
They don't stop coming.
And then their goal is way better than everyone thinks, at least.
We questioned them a little bit, Biz.
I did.
And you did, actually.
People were all over you for it.
No, I said that, buddy, if there was one thing I had to look at going into that series that might hold them back it's it's grubauer not necessarily
been being proven in playoffs yeah he was one of the better goalies during the regular season
whoopty fucking do mcdavid and dry sidle were the best two forwards in the regular season
how's that going for them right now so it's like you got, if we're disputing on who's going to win the series
and what could potentially bring them down,
that was the example I wanted to use.
Now, I mean, yeah, I mean, obviously you shoved that one right up my hoop,
but I'll probably say it again next round and double down for you donkeys
coming at me on Twitter.
All right.
What do you think you would have made betting them puck line every game?
Although it probably wasn't even great odds because they were that favored.
Yeah, the return was terrible.
I didn't play them at all because, you know, me with the puck line,
I need a better return than plus 110 or even playing minus 110 for a puck line.
We saw they were a huge favorite.
We saw exactly why.
But the other big story of this series, Biz, game two,
Nazem Khadri with an illegal check to the head of Justin Falk,
results in eight game suspension.
He served two of those games already.
He still has six more to go, so he's going to miss all,
if not all, of the next series, whoever it's against.
We talked about it with his interview with him,
if he was going to do something like that again.
I feel like we're player fucking safety right now.
We went over how many hits to the head so far,
and R.A's it's tough
to defend this one usually when you're coming from that side of the ice and you're catching
that guy in that situation if you don't make sure you do a really good job of keeping your knees
extremely bent and not making shoulder to head contact you're going to be sitting a while and
this one just kind of i I mean, this is,
it's, it's happened too many times before to give him benefit of the doubt. You know,
we had him on the show and I, I love how he plays. I love his competitive nature. It just seems all
when the playoffs hit, man, that maybe the wires aren't crossing the best.
Yeah. I mean, he said on our show, what do you think I was going to do it again?
Somebody sent that tweet.
It's like, no, I don't know.
There's no reason to hit him like that.
Eight does seem excessive, but I guess at one point,
you got to kind of, you got to get more than a slap on the wrist, right?
I thought it was, yeah, I actually,
seven to 10 was what I think I said to RA when we were sitting at the cave but some people were saying like 25 i mean i guess playoff
games are double two but they should they should be able to play long enough to get them back
oh absolutely i'd be shocked if we don't see him again yeah in this postseason
and but that top line man i mean we know they're good but they're gonna but they're going to be tough to stop, whether it's Vegas or Minnesota.
And I believe Minnesota's up 3-1 as we're speaking right now.
But we'll keep you abreast of that situation.
Now, going back to the goaltending situation, next series,
that's going to be the biggest test.
I want to see Colorado-Vegas so bad.
And you're going to see a team on Colorado's level who's able
to exchange chances with them.
So for all you Grubauer bag lickers,
I would pump the brakes here
so you can see what's going to happen in the next round.
Berube was beefing about the refereeing, correct?
Yeah, he was complaining.
I believe it was after, it was either game,
I think game three, either way.
I mean, it was a team, a game his team got blown out.
I'm not sure how much of a difference the officiating really would have made this series.
But I know Brynden Moore had complained about the ref.
And we're actually in quite a bit of coaches complain about the ref.
And even more so than usual this season so far.
I don't know.
I mean, they're just not afraid to say it now.
Yeah.
They're willing to take the fine or whatever they get.
When they consider it that obvious, exactly.
They don't care.
Yeah.
All right, boys. Well, like I mentioned earlier, summer is here. whatever they get just when they consider it that obvious exactly they don't care yeah all right
boys well like i mentioned earlier summer is here so that means you need to stay hydrated with our
favorite sports drink body armor today's athletes deserve more than just your grandfather's old
salty sports drink which is full of artificial dyes but not body armor it's made with potassium
packed electrolytes antioxidants and b vitamins plus no artificial
sweeteners flavors or dyes body armor sports drink provides hard work and hydration and more plus it
tastes great this week i'm on the strawberry banana good stuff i've been chugging it since
all last week man we're down new york city we needed a lot of hydration between the heat and
the uh nighttime activities thank god we have plenty of it on hand.
And Body Armor helps today's athletes stay on top of their game.
Body Armor is available wherever fine soft sports drinks like this are sold and on Amazon, so check it out.
Tons of great flavors as well.
Like I said, I'm on the strawberry banana this week,
but I love the fruit punch usually, so give it a whirl.
I butchered that.
Go ahead.
All right, I was just going to say we have a vlog coming out this week from the entire New York City trip,
and that will be sponsored by Body Armor as well.
So you can look for that on the YouTube around Thursday.
Absolutely.
It's good stuff.
Kept us going all weekend down New York City.
Tastes great.
Yeah, definitely is good stuff.
Got a great taste to it.
Again, check it out.
Get it at Amazon, any stores where it's sold.
All right.
That wraps up all the series action,
but we do have some other hockey notes to get to here.
We want to send our condolences to the family and friends of former
Montreal Canadian, Gilles Lupien.
He passed away at age 67 from cancer.
Lupien won two cups as Guy Lafleur's bodyguard with the Montreal
Canadians of the seventies.
Then he became a very well-liked players agent.
He did that for about 25 years.
And if the name does sound familiar, it's because Chris Nyland just spoke very highly
of him with him when we just had his interview.
He mentioned Lupe a bunch of times.
He was a great teammate, uh, a well-liked figure in the Canadians organization.
So again, we want to extend our sympathies and condolences to family friends.
And of course the Montreal Canadians family as well.
Uh, UC Okunin officially retired.
He last played in the NHL back in 2018,
played for nine NHL teams in 13 seasons.
Did either one of you guys play with him?
Second, the shootout.
I never played with him.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He was definitely a six.
He had that shootout move, right?
Where he would go quick backhand forehand and tuck it,
or then he would fake that and go back to his backhand,
kind of the Forsberg.
He was awesome at that.
Yeah, I remember teams used to say, get him just for the shootout,
like you're going to keep a guy in your roster just for the shootout.
But anyways, congrats to UC.
The cards kept me.
That's not wrong.
Vancouver Canucks, they gave head coach Travis Green
a two-year contract extension.
It looks like, what's his name, Jim Benning, GM.
He's still around.
It looks like Aquilini's going to keep him.
So Canucks fans are pulling their hair out of their head a little bit more,
but that's par for the course.
Is he mutually by all fans want out of town?
Benning?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It seems, I won't say all, but it seems like a significant amount of Canucks fans don't want them there
anymore. I do believe they like Travis Green though.
He's been a pretty good coach. Yeah.
A lot of front office stuff going on.
John Davidson returned to the Columbus Blue Jackets as the organization
rehired him as the team's president of hockey operations.
Of course he had the same job for seven years before his two year stint with
the Rangers until he was unceremoniously fired by their owner.
The team also extended Yamo Kikulina through 2025.
So he prefers the stability of the Blue Jackets.
He loves the place, so he went right back there.
And former NHLer Mike Greer from BU.
He was before you had time, right?
Yep.
I never got to play with him at BU,
but I worked out in the summers with him.
Animal Mike Greer.
Yeah, great penalty killer. play with him at BU, but I worked out in the summers with him. Animal Mike Greer. Yeah, great penalty killer.
Amazing guy.
Yeah, great checking forward.
Had over 1,000 games in the NHL.
He was named Hockey Operations Advisor for the Rangers.
He'll be working with another BU guy, Chris Drury,
and he's also replacing Brian Leach,
who had resigned from that position a couple weeks back.
So lots of news going on with jobs
and lots of folks getting new gigs in the NHL,
but if you've ever had to look for a job, you know it's no picnic.
The stress, wearing out patients, hearing crickets when you don't hear back from anybody.
Well, ZipRecruiter knows that the general experience of looking for a job is pretty sucky.
That's why they figured out a way to make it unsucky.
When you sign up for ZipRecruiter.com, you can create a free profile.
Then you get matched to great jobs plus a lot more.
ZipRecruiter will proactively pitch your profile to employers whose jobs match your experience.
Unlike with other job sites, if an actual person from the company really likes what they see,
they can personally invite you to apply to their job.
Candidates who are invited to apply on ZipRecruiter are nearly three times as likely to get hired.
Plus, if you like the job, you can apply to it and many others with just one click.
It's that easy.
No wonder ZipRecruiter is the number one rated job site in the U.S.
So sign up for free on ZipRecruiter.com today and experience the better way to find a job.
Once again, go to ZipRecruiter.com right now to sign up absolutely free
and put ZipRecruiter to work for you.
All right, a few other job notes, media notes here.
Reporter Frank Cerevelli, he used to work in Philadelphia.
Then he went up to TSN for a while.
Very good reporter.
He kind of suddenly left TSN.
He said he'll be back somewhere.
You got to imagine he's going to pop up somewhere.
I don't know, Frank, I don't have any scoop, but I wouldn't be surprised if we see him
at ESPN to leave TSN so abruptly.
Yeah, he probably knows he has a job somewhere already teed up.
Yeah, I mean, right at this time of the playoffs, it was just kind of odd timing, I guess.
But whatever he does next, I hope to see him again soon because Frank's a great reporter.
Good at what he does.
Also, ESPN signed Leah Hexdahl to do play uh play by play when they start next season and what they termed other
roles uh they really didn't say what that's going to be yet and the the number one announcer for
espn is unknown but per andrew marchand of the new york post steve levy and sean mcdonough are
the faves to be the number one play-by-play guy at espn uh obviously we'll see what happens with
that what you got sean mcdonough crushes it whatever sports he does he was doing the golf number one play-by-play guy at ESPN. Obviously, we'll see what happens with that.
Sean McDonough crushes it, whatever sports he does.
He was doing the golf this week for ESPN at the PGA, and he was awesome.
So I think that'd be a great decision.
I thought they did name  who did they name then already?
Did they name their number one color commentators? Yeah, they signed Ferraro andero and boucher yeah they signed ferrero and boucher for the analyst
analyst but they haven't named their number one play-by-play announcer yet so
like i said andrew marchand at the post who's pretty wide in on this stuff said that levy and
mcdonough are the favorites and yeah mcdonough of course got to start here with the red sox years
ago and he is one of those guys who like you said we can call any sport and do a terrific job at it
and you just mentioned the golf which is a perfect segue about that.
Phil Mickelson. I mean, 250 to one.
I remember I was putting my plays in and I saw the odds and I'm like,
yeah, ain't one shit. And he is. I haven't bet Phil in years,
kept scrolling and goddamn that I'd not kick myself in the ass all weekend.
50 years old. Take those big dogs too in golf yeah i know i know i had 15 other guys with
fucking huge odds but i didn't have phil what was your take on the weekend just a great performance
from the old timer yeah it was the most on no one saw it coming it was like he's been just for a
while now i don't want to say a bit of a joke because he'd won so many majors and had a Hall of
Fame career. But I don't know if you remember at the U.S. Open in Shinnecock, he putted a ball and
it was going to roll down the hill and he went and whacked it like he was like a sideshow and he was
doing his social media. I hear bombs and he was these commercials, Miz and Maine, where he's
dancing like a goofball. But it's Phil, it's lefty. People love him. And the career he's dancing like a goofball but it's phil it's lefty people love him and the career
he's had has been outstanding but for a while like he's literally talking about trying to hit
it 340 and he hits it off the planet he'll just like spray drives what happens this week on one
of the toughest courses in the world with like 20 mile an hour winds i think he was the best driver
in the tournament of the golf ball it was just
like a i mean i don't know to be 50 years old to break a record held that long of the low the
oldest man to ever win a major championship in golf and to do it like he wasn't even he wasn't
even like making every pot he was just hitting it so nice i watched the one round at every iron on Saturday it was just perfect so I I was shocked
I never you said you were shocked that his body stayed together because he's so much older and
he did talk about that a little bit about his routine coming into this wasn't he playing 36
holes trying to maintain focus the entire time just to train himself to be able to do it for four rounds in a major yeah i think that he talked about losing focus throughout the course of rounds so he wanted to
play 45 36 to 45 holes while doing the best he could to focus on every single shot so that when
he got back to tournament play 18 would be that much easier than doing it for 36 or 45 holes a day, just doing it for 18. So he actually sent
this tweet out 10 days before the PGA. I've failed many times in my life and career. And because of
this, I've learned a lot. Instead of feeling defeated countless times, I've used it as fuel
to drive me to work harder. So today, join me in accepting our failures. Let's use them to motivate
us to work even harder. To send that out, he must have had a feeling.
He must have just known going into that tournament,
I got something.
Something has clicked.
And it was just a clinic.
It was pretty sick, too.
His brother was on his bag.
He started caddy form, I think, four or five years ago,
and he hadn't won a major in that long.
So with the win conditions, what do you you know what do you do do you just try uh tee it up shorter do you make sure
to keep your irons lower when you strike the ball that's the thing about mickelson can just
hit every shot he's like a true wizard you know and he downwind he's teeing it up high and he's
hitting like high bombs like he tweets about and then down into the wind he's teeing it low and he'll
hit like a low low draw that he knows is going to run out and he says this everyone talks about
like health and golfers you see all these golfers now getting injured because they use there's so
much torque in their body and there's so much like they're using the ground so well but yet
they're they're back and their hips i mean the golf swing isn't a thing that's necessarily good for your body. Right.
But Phil does it differently.
Phil does it like in an old school way where he's like,
has this long swing and he, he doesn't really like post on his back leg.
And, and if that makes any sense, even if you don't golf,
like you're just kind of turning naturally as opposed to trying to torque your
body. And he's never done that. And because because of that he has this like long lasting swing he never battles injuries i mean
like let's take tiger for example and how many back surgeries he needed because he was just like
doing something like the newer school school guys what they do is they they kind of like grab the
ground and they're able to like you know torque. And so they can hit the ball so much farther and faster.
You're going to think like, if you've never seen, you know,
somebody hit a golf ball, like 310 yards,
imagine a kid who's like five, six, a buck 30,
just the torque he'd have to use and the pressure he'd have to put into the
ground to then use his weight
but at the same time i mean his hips are firing so much faster than his shoulders are and it's all
like just speed created from like using the ground as force whereas if you don't do that you're not
gonna see the wear and the tear on on your bones so i mean i i think it was one of the coolest
things i've ever watched though in golf to see a record like that broken, the guy was nails.
I thought Koepka was going to get it done.
But what do you think of Koepka, Biz?
I don't know, man.
He seems like a bit of a baby.
After the round, he was like, yeah, it would have been nice
if I wasn't getting bumped into on 18 and complaining.
And then there was another video that just surfaced right before we right
before we hopped on and uh does does bryson dechambeau wear metal cleats yeah that would be
a biz move okay so listen so he was walking by him during this interview and he in in uh and and
brooks kepka stopped dead in his track and And Basie motherfucked him on camera.
Well, no.
Yeah, but the thing was, people would bitch because he didn't say it to his face.
But the eye roll and that.
So I guess Tiger always wore metal spikes.
I didn't know that.
I guess people always used to.
Now they don't.
You can't go do it.
You can't play at your country club with metal spikes. So I think Brooks is probably a guy like you do not need that and
bryson's walking up clink clink clink and he just the look he gives him and then he starts swearing
and when you first see the video like i did i thought it was live like i was like how is this
video not but then you realize the guy's like all right we'll just start over but he was disgusted
that goes all the way back to i don't know what the original beef was, but then during the pandemic, Bryson was like, he was gaming online.
He has his fans talk to him while he plays video games.
And he said something about Koepka like, oh, yeah,
he doesn't have abs or something like that.
Well, he does have a bit of a barrel.
Yeah, yeah.
Body shaming.
Yeah, he's got to.
He was chirping him.
And then Brooks sent like a legendary tweet pack
tweet back of his two u.s open trophies his two pga trophies at the time bryson didn't have a major
and just said yeah i'm just too short of a six-pack actually you're right just fucking
buried him stuffed him right in the trash can oh my goodness and then brooks i think i think he
accused bryson of doing steroids too like
they don't like each other well i was just gonna say everybody's worried about pay-per-views now
and there's also this pga fund for the most social engagement you can create why don't these guys
line up a fucking pay-per-view i'd pay to see that more so than i'd pay any jake paul or or
mayweather fight maybe it's the long con and they're setting it up.
I said Koepka's playing Portnoy lefty.
He's going to pound Portnoy, by the way.
And he said it was right after.
I think I said to him it was like two days after the tour announced
that they're giving 50 million or whatever to the top social media influencers,
like the PIP program.
So I don't know.
The guys that really need it. was with you though he's like because the old school crowd thing coming up
around the green that's awesome the visual you get and you see old videos of tournaments that's
how it was the crowd followed behind and tiger won at east lake a few years back and they did it
and then they did it this time or i don't know if it wasn't on purpose and they just broke through the,
it's just a little string.
Right.
And it was a route.
What's the word?
Rochester.
What is it?
Ruckus.
Ruckus.
I was close.
Next try.
I would've got it.
Ruckus crowd.
And all of a sudden they're like,
you know,
basically running up on the golfers in the caddies.
Now Kepka's always talking about how he's this like athlete,
like he could have played pro in any sport.
And then dude, the one time this happens,
you're talking about your knee surgery.
He said somebody took a dive at his knee biz.
And the reporter's like, somebody went after you.
He's like, yeah, I mean, I don't know what happened,
but you know, somebody who's too close.
I was like, buddy, come on. Who's the from happy gilmore that drives in the cart and drives over
happy we're gonna red lobster oh yeah i think he's a bit of a drama queen i think he likes being a
hardo like he just tries so hard yeah he does like be that guy he's trying to be blake of the year
for the pnt podcast instead of worrying about not being a
fucking lewis on on television so but he missed anyway i'm kind of more of a dechambeau fan at
this point because of the metal spikes more so than a brooks kepka fan and i would also pick
him in a real fight dechambeau actually he releases some bizarre youtube videos of like
weird music and watching them crack eggs open
and shit.
He's a,
he's an odd duck,
I think,
but he released one this week that was like basically his week.
It was like the following a player for a week on the PGA tour.
It was actually pretty,
pretty cool.
It's called the vlog whip.
Uh,
all right.
What do you got on the,
on,
uh,
as far as topics?
Um,
well,
we were at a pink Whitney event,
uh,
Sunday at blue Haven West west that was the name
of the bar right g thanks yes great spot in the west village great spot i love the i love the
village man going down there thanks so much to everybody who hosted we met a bunch of the gal
reps great people uh slurping down some high noon some pink whitney so we had the games on the golf
on and all of a sudden i hear like, this fucking screaming and shouting from the other, you know,
the other side of the barn.
I walk over and the fucking Knicks were up two to nothing.
Like you would have thought someone hit a quadruple overtime game,
seven game.
I respect that though.
I do.
The Knicks are so beloved in New York and they've been so bad for so long.
So it was great that when we ended up switching venues to watch the Bruins
game later, the Abbey Tavern fights hooked it up there. It was great that we ended up switching venues to watch the Bruins game later, the Abbey Tavern.
Fights hooked it up there.
It was great.
I just wish there were more people around because Trae Young and Atlanta ended up beating them, and he gave the shush.
Like someone said, there must be no greater feeling than shutting the entirety
of Madison Square Garden up.
And then he actually said, it's awful quiet in here right now.
I just wish I was in a crowded bow when that happened,
just so I could have, like, snickered to myself so I didn't catch a beat.
Yeah, then you get shanked, and then we don't have a fucking host anymore.
All because of the Knicks.
Shoto, you just mentioned in the crowd's face.
Saturday the 29th in Boston, I read 100 capacity at the Garden.
You see that?
That is true, and people better be going to the greatest bar beforehand
getting their no so saturday in boston life is back it is it's fully open every bar is open and
there's not that's this is amazing and the reason we sound and the reason we sound like we do is
because we got to experience that in new york city and i know that it was 12 o'clock curfew but being
with you guys on on saturday night after that great weekend and great gambling experience and having Merle's there
I felt like I felt like life was back to normal guys and like it was it was awesome it was really
good seeing you guys and I had so much fun and it'd been a while since I was able to have a boys
trip like that yeah it was it was a blast to see everyone that's I I really like going to those
offices for a few
days we're gonna try to do that more well streaming there's great because all the cast of characters
and clowns that at barstool they come in and join and you just we have we have a good relationships
i think with everyone there i got to meet troops solid guy very good dude i gotta get i'm getting
on the show we already talked about it i'm gonna i going to be on as a guest. And I actually Sunday morning,
I had to head home.
So Merle's and I,
it was,
it was championship Sunday in their premier league.
So Chelsea had to finish.
They didn't have finishing four top four to get champions league for next
year.
Dude,
they played horrific and lost,
but we went to this place legends.
It was bumping for the soccer games.
They had all the games on the place was crazy.
It's the biggest day of the year for soccer fans.
Championship Sunday is.
So great spot there to catch a game.
And then he said Champions League final Saturday.
Chelsea's playing.
Manchester City, enormous underdogs.
But everyone who tells me they have no chance,
I don't know how you say that.
It's one game.
One game showdown?
You get a red card on the other team?
Who knows? You're telling me that they do two games leading up for Champions League you say that it's one game one game showdown you get a red card on the other team who knows
you're telling me that they do two games leading up for champions league all the way to the final
and then it's only one game yeah all champions well first it's round robin and then it's two
games home and away and then the final ends up just being one game yeah super bowl style where
are they playing the game and they're are to have fans? They're playing it.
Shit, I don't know.
It was originally going to be  they moved it from where it was originally going to go.
I don't know where it's going.
I believe there's definitely fans.
I actually saw that both teams playing.
I think, like, the Chelsea owner and the Manchester City owner are flying,
like, 6,000 or 8,000 fans, all expense paid, tickets, hotels, airfarefare it's pretty cool um it'll be like the
most watched thing in the world i mean that's a big time suck up hey that's a big time suck up
move for for almost uh screwing them with the super yeah that's like a hey do you mind uh re-upping
the season tickets we're gonna take you on this nice trip we're gonna pay for it all just forget
about the super crazy like the people like no there's troops there's no chance you win this
game there's literally no chance i'm like dude you can't tell me first first play of the game
manchester city guy gets a red like you don't know soccer who fucking knows so i can't wait
to watch that and and like i said they needed to get top four to go Champions League. They lost. And Liverpool won.
And who else was chasing them to get top four?
Oh, Leicester City.
And Leicester City's beating Tottenham.
And Chelsea lost.
They had to win if Liverpool and Leicester City won.
And Tottenham comes back and beats them.
So Chelsea got into the top four for Champions League next year.
If they won, they'd get in auto,
but if they didn't win, they would have been fucked.
So it was all in all a great
trip to end on that note.
And you guys also had a couple
of appearances we got to promote. Biz, you
were on Pod My Take with our buddies Big Cat
and PFT. That dropped already Monday.
Check it out. I listened to it. My train ride
home today. Well, let's talk about it.
I said Colorado is a southern market, and it rolled off my tongue,
and they jumped all over it.
Now, clearly not a southern state, but given the NHL standards,
I considered it a southern state because why not?
It's not that far from Vegas.
You're right.
It's literally right there.
It sounds crazy when you hear it, but when you look at it, yeah,
from where you live, I can understand where your logic was,
especially being Canadian.
I know, of course, those guys were going to dribble you for saying it.
But when I did look at the map, I used to say, you know what?
From your perspective, I can see where you're coming from.
I saw a tweet that said if you did the Mason-Dixie line across,
it would be beneath it.
Oh, yeah.
I have no clue what that is, but I'm going to accept it as one of my answers.
I don't know what the  I've heard of the Mason-Dixie line,
but I don't know what it is, but it sounded official.
Yeah, that's
All right, you know?
Yeah, that's like some sort of Civil War demarcation line.
Like, basically, everything below the Mason-Dixie line was considered the South.
And don't even  dude, I sucked at history.
I didn't even know when the Civil War after 12 years of school so i'm hardly a civil war historian but it's more related to the civil war than it is
actual like geographical things uh and what you uh you went on with the old president himself
dave portnoy show i believe that's dropping this week correct i don't know if they're dropping it
this week but i would assume so because we go over me just having a fucking bitch slap him trying to
go at me for being soft.
I said, you know, Dave, your interview on your last show was as soft as warm butter.
So we discussed a lot of things.
It was a blast.
We went back.
You know, we've known each other for a long time now,
and I think that it was fun to go on and just fuck around,
bust each other's balls.
And Eddie's on there.
Eddie's a great host.
I'm a big Eddie guy.
Yeah.
I've always been vocal about that. So you're able to give it to Eddie.
He gives it back to you a little bit. So it was a blast.
So I think that'll drop. Yeah. I would guess it would be this week.
Yeah, I would think so. So we got that, that coming later.
Just a quick update. Edmonton and Winnipeg are in overtime right now.
Tied at three. Minnesota's up three, two after two.
Looking to extend that. all yeah let's go
right now predictions who you guys got i got uh might as well pick blake wheeler for winnipeg
and then i'll give you i'll give you guys a i think blake wheeler sorry biz hold on before
overtime oh no he's back on the ice he left the game after blocking a shot it looked bad but he's back. Sorry. You have Kyle Connor. Who do you got whip?
I'll take either back to back.
I'll take Leon from corner
and you're going to
pick. Oh, I
do two sides.
Shifley.
All right. All right. You get to go
first now. Snake draft
for Edmonton.
I'll take Leon.
All right, I'll take McDavid.
I'll take Nugent Hopkins.
I'll take Tyson Bizzle.
Tyson Berry.
Find it, brother.
Okay, 100 in the line.
You guys have to play along as well.
Venmo's open right when this thing goes down.
Like I said, this is an example because after we record,
you have energy, right?
I don't want this game to end.
I want to just go downstairs and have another two hours of watching this tilt.
So who are the Winnipeg picks again?
I didn't write them down as quick.
I have Ehlers.
I got Blake Wheeler.
All right.
There's got Tyson Berry and Wheeler.
And then I had Kyle Conner, all right.
Okay.
Conner and the Nuge.
I got McDavid and Ehlers. Wow. I had Kyle Connor, all right. Okay, Connor and the Nuge. I got McDavid
and Ehlers. Wow.
Talk about winning another snake draft.
And I got Leon and Shifley.
A hundred bucks a whack. Sounds good.
All right. You also forgot to mention
Token CEO. We went on Token CEO
and I think that's dropping either this week
or next week where we just kind of talked about the overall
growth of Chicklets. Good point.
Thank you for reminding me and suing me at the same time there.
Gee, love that.
Also, too, a quick shout out.
No free ads for you.
Vision Care 2000.
If you haven't noticed, I got new shades.
They took care of me before I left.
I asked them to get them ready for my trip because I had to watch a lot of
playoff hockey and they took care of it.
High Street in Boston.
Check them out if you need shades.
They do a great job.
Actual spectacles, not sunglasses. What boys anything before i don't know if uh if we should mention it now but
we are going to be coming out with a few bonus episodes starting next week we will be going
monday and thursday and then the following week we'll be dropping monday and thursday
now grinnell was i was that okay to mention now yeah it's fine all right there you have it folks
back for a couple bonus episodes.
You'll get a little bit more extra come playoff time here
and then back to one a week in three weeks.
So we'll see you soon, Monday.
Monday morning.
Peace.
Have a great week, everybody.
As always, we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spitting Chicklets. Big thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Huge thanks to everybody over at No Days Wasted for taking care of us down in New York last week.
Thanks to everybody at Roman for taking care of all the guys out there.
Also, thanks to everybody at Sport Clips for taking care of the boys and men who like to get their haircut.
Big thanks to everybody at body armor for taking care of our hydration.
Some is here.
Be sure to check them out and huge.
Thanks to everybody at zip recruiter.
If you're looking to get hired or hire,
check them out.
Have a great week,
everybody.
