Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 336 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
The band is already back together, we just toured Manhattan, thought we were going to be off for the rest of the year.
Nope, biz called an audible late last night, jumped on a red-eye. Here we are at North Station, looking out over the nice Bunker Hill-Zakem Bridge.
We're here for a live stream
watch party game for Hurricanes
tonight and Saturday, but let's say hi to the
boys first. Get acclimated.
Gee, producer, what's up, buddy? A little trip for you?
I'm ready for war. Frankie brought his friends.
Now I got mine. I got my boys here
and I'm ready to go. I'm ready for war with you boys.
We going to the mattresses? Yes. Yes. I'll make some calls. Paul, Biz N I'm ready to go. I'm ready for war with you boys. We go on the mattresses.
Yes.
Yes.
I'll make some calls.
Paul biz,
nasty,
Bissonette.
You're going to be a Boston resident.
You've been here so much.
You love this town.
What made you decide abruptly?
I need to be here for the series.
Fuck the Leafs.
I didn't want to suck my thumb in Scott.
Still.
I came here to represent the Bruins.
I'm jumping on this bandwagon.
Look at,
I did my part.
I got my leaf socks on.
I did what I could figure it the fuck out. Leafs. I'm off this bandwagon. Look it. I did my part. I got my Leafs socks on. I did what I could.
Figure it the fuck out, Leafs.
I'm off the bandwagon.
You guys figure out your shit.
Your crusty socks for the red-eye cross-country.
The Leafs.
What a joke.
I'm sorry to just interrupt before you introduce me, R.A.
I know you like to do that, but it's great to talk to everyone.
Biz, I appreciate you coming out here.
Grinnelli, these live streams, I needed to be involved, so I'm glad he wanted to come. I'm glad R.A. wanted know you like to do that, but it's great to talk to everyone. Biz, I appreciate you coming out here. Grinnelli, these live streams, I needed to be involved,
so I'm glad he wanted to come.
I'm glad R.A. wanted to get it going.
And it's fair.
It's fair it's coming to Boston because you guys are at war
with all these lunatic Islanders fans and Borelli's serving no pasta,
which was the craziest but one of the funnier moves I've ever seen.
And now he's coming to Boston.
He's coming to Boston.
That little rat, that little pizza man, Frankie Borelli,
is going to have no help, and he's got all of us jumping on the bandwagon.
Oh, he's not bringing Stu?
Nope.
Stu ain't coming?
Nope.
He's getting thrown into the lion's den alone.
He's a sociopath, though, when he's watching the game.
He's a sick puppy.
So I think that you could see him maybe throw hands at one point.
Yeah, Frankie is a madman.
I can't imagine sitting next to
him for an entire game but yeah he doesn't have any he has no no backup here it's all real too
the crazy thing is is people say it's fake it's so real which is insane it's like shaking during
the game he cares more than he cares more than the players do it's a fact do we have to lead
off with this fucking leafs game or what yeah Yeah, and a possible surgery that's involved.
I'm not getting my foreskin chopped off.
That was on a live stream.
I think I was under the influence of Pink Whitney.
I'm not taking responsibility for that claim.
Yes, did I double down on it when they were up 3-1?
I did.
And they fucking choked.
And their players who are getting paid a lot of money didn't fucking show up.
And they're going to have to hear it.
And they're going to have to be the butt of the joke on Twitter
for the next two fucking weeks.
I've been hearing it from everybody.
Habs fans, I doubted you.
Congratulations on a very well-played series
and riding the only current player making more than 10 million a year
on contract, correct, R.A.?
Remaining in the playoffs.
Yeah, that's still in the playoffs.
Yeah, just the second of a ever game seven between the two teams.
Toronto beat them back in 64.
The Habs went 3-1.
Carey Price aces, stopped 30 or 31 shots.
Third game seven when he ties Ken Dryden,
Canadian's legend.
Price stopped 103 of 109 shots in games five through seven
for a 9-4-5 save percentage.
The 30th 3-1 comeback in NHL history.
It was Montreal's third.
They move on to the second round for the first time since 2015.
Huge upset.
Like I said, Toronto's crying.
They're weeping.
Mata's, let's see, Mata's and Matthew's one goal.
Matthew's and Mata, one goal in the playoffs.
Mata hasn't scored in 18 playoff games.
They lost to the Harrahs.
They had no muzzin.
Foligno was injured.
But still, no excuses, man.
They choked.
A 3-1 lead and they choked.
They had the 3-1 series lead.
It's like how many times is this team going to disappoint Leafs fans?
It's inevitable every single year.
I believe in 29 days it will be the record for the longest Stanley Cup throw in NHL history.
In 17 years if they got out of the first round.
And the biggest issue is that this year, this past offseason,
they actually made some changes that everyone had been calling for for years.
They need toughness.
Let's get Simmons.
Thornton's willing to play that way.
They added guys who are willing to get in your face.
Muzzin was a great signing on D.
They got Muzzin there.
They got TJ Brody was their best signing this summer, right?
And still, 3-1 lead against the Canadians,
who I think they were 7-3 against in the regular season,
and they can't close it out.
How many games in a row do they have a chance to end a series now
and they've lost?
Eight?
Eight straight closeout opportunities?
Yeah.
0 for fucking eight?
My biggest question, and you mentioned these guys making big dough and not playing the way that they played in the regular season and need to play.
They progressively throughout the series got worse.
And I'll say this.
In game seven, I think Marner set up Hyman probably for two,
maybe three grade A opportunities.
Okay?
Hyman's a top six guy.
Marner's, his job is to create those opportunities.
He did have the turnover.
It went the other way.
So yeah, all in all, they didn't produce in games five, six, and seven
to the level where they needed to.
You got to think, two guys in the lineup making 10 or more million dollars a year.
They have to take over one of those games to just seal out round one.
And even if they lose
round two i think at least leaf fans are saying hey we got some progress here these guys are
figuring how to win just a little progress is all they want right cup aspirations though man
it's a i think it's a failure and everybody's like oh it's the same thing every year no
they were hands down the best team in the north montreal backed into playoffs i thought the additions that toronto
made were even better than montreal's i mean well i guess looking back yes eric stall was probably
worth a third rounder and i'm taking another fucking l on my forehead because he ended up
having another one tonight um but on a sick dish from perry another he didn't have a contract the
night before the the season started and there's another one that was getting laughed
off stage, but guess what? Big games,
big players, and he got it done
and the big boys for the Leafs didn't.
Isn't it crazy though that
I mean, Marner
18 games, so in the playoffs without a
goal, and this guy during the regular
season, he finished fourth in the league in scoring.
He at times
looked like one of the
best players in the world which I think he is at the top of his game but what the hell is going on
now and you can't say it's not mentally he's not thinking about it when he gets to the postseason
I don't understand and the flipping the puck over the glass penalties you talked about five of them
it's like where's the poise where's that patience that you show with your vision and your ability
to just slow down the play all regular season
when you make it look so easy and something now,
whether it's pressure, I don't think he'd ever say that,
but it's like you cannot make that money and play that way in the playoffs
in any city, let alone there, and think that life's going to be easy
because now it doesn't really matter what they do in the regular season.
And the whole thing is what do they do now?
And so I felt awful.
I felt awful for Jack Campbell because he came out and said right away
it was the worst goal he's ever given up in his life.
It was a horrible goal.
But like you said, Marner turned it over, trying to be fancy at the blue line.
Like, maybe when you're struggling, just chip it in, man.
Go get it back.
I know it's not really his game.
He's able to control the puck when he enters the zone all the time.
But game seven, dude, chip it in.in he turns it over back of the net so i just as as somebody like from
the outside looking in like leafs fans like it's hard to imagine people not just like jumping ship
i know that doesn't happy happen often but what the fuck well people are burning jerseys somebody
somebody burnt a gilmore jersey what'd he do wrong? Yeah, what did he do? He went to Twitter.
He said, hey, donate the thing.
There's a lot of charities right now struggling for money right now.
So do the right thing.
But, yeah, no burning of the jersey.
I kept the socks.
Look.
They're fucking standing up on their own.
Going back to Corey Perry, that was his ninth ever game seven,
fourth game seven goal.
And the other move, too, Dom Ducharme, Montreal coach,
he got a lot of
criticism for his roster moves throughout the series he puts Jake Evans in for Thomas Tatar
with Donald and Gallagher and they shut that line down absolutely they get the job done from both
ends of the ice just I mean great decision great job by that guy also because Toronto was out we
now know who's going to play in the Stanley Cup the winner of Tampa Bay Carolina will play the
winner of the Islanders Boston and the winner of Vegas Colorado which is 2-2
late in the second right now where he could and Wednesday night late they will play the winner of
Montreal Winnipeg so it could end up well since they could end up being east west after all whip
but Montreal game one tonight so we should jump right into that yeah and obviously we got to get
to the end of the game now this this game, Montreal came out firing,
and I think a lot of people looked at it as it was going to be the way
Colorado took it to Vegas, right?
Vegas has this tough seven-game series.
They travel, boom, shit-kicking.
And I thought Winnipeg would be kind of similar,
but Montreal got out to a quick lead.
Perry, an unreal assist to Stahl.
He got buried making a play, taking a hit to make a play.
Sweet chair music.
But at the end of the game, we got a hit.
And first off, what we always say, at least I think we've all agreed to this,
like you see a player get hurt like that, it's brutal.
Right away, I think back to the times I saw it,
and you hope to God that Evans is okay.
It's his birthday.
It's his first ever playoff goal.
He sealed the deal, but he's injured.
Looking at the hit, though, give him charging,
and if he gets suspended a game, I don't really mind it.
He is trying, and Mark Scheifele is who I'm talking about, obviously,
he's trying to make sure that that guy doesn't score.
He's skating to eliminate the man,
and Jake Evans didn't look one time.
If you're wheeling around the net trying to stuff in an empty netter to seal the game there's six guys backtracking man and
and the onus is never on the player anymore and like I said like it's awful to see him hurt but
Shifley has his feet on the ground he hits him with his shoulder in the chest.
Evans has kneeled over a little bit.
And in the end, it was a horrible, horrible result.
But if that guy isn't injured,
we're not even talking about the hit.
And I know that people go nuts.
I don't give a fuck.
But I'm looking at that hit.
It's a guy trying to keep his team alive in a playoff game.
Charging, yes.
Eight-game suspension I'm seeing from people like what are you talking about i could see two games the only other argument
is people would say why didn't he lead with the stick if he's trying to prevent the goal why
didn't he lead with this that's a legit argument as well you're making that decision in like like
a blink of an eye and you just finish a back check, and you don't have enough oxygen going in your brain
to make a split-second decision the right way sometimes.
He didn't leave his feet.
It wasn't late because by the time it's not late.
Not at all.
The puck had just left his stick.
Yeah, I guess you can get him for a vicious charge and
maybe not a sportsman-like play,
but within the rules of the rulebook,
like, I don't
know. I probably
wouldn't suspend him. And you know if that
happens, there's, oh man, it's going to be
a fucking media circus.
It's going to be, if he does
not get a game, it's going to be a
media circus, just based like the social volume right off the hop
because obviously we pay attention to that, right?
But like I'm looking at it and I'm saying
There was a lot of people saying though
Right away though, Edmondson says the league is going to take care of it
and when he gets back, which I would assume he probably gets a game or two
and he will be back in the series, they're going to gonna handle it in house which you know we've seen another i think he said
we'll make his life hell yeah well and then and then uh paul maurice comes out and says uh the
players will handle it on the ice there's no way someone would be dumb enough to mention like what
doing something in the next game you know what i mean like i think it quote, I just butchered, but you know what I'm saying.
You don't come out and say that because then they can get you
for a long suspension in terms of knowing it was premeditated.
Now, the issue is, like, Scheifele, they're down 1-0.
They need their best player.
So I don't know.
If he does get two games, I think a game, but we'll see.
We'll see the world burn if he doesn't get anything.
It would be hilarious.
What's your guess, R.A.?
They just go within a goal.
There was a minute and a half left in the game.
He hit him with a minute left.
He's trying to prevent a game-sealing goal there.
You could say he didn't go for the puck.
Well, it's like, well, what's he going to do?
Hit it the other way, whack it out?
Maybe he thought burying him at that point was going to prevent the goal.
It's so fucking close.
And everybody's zap route is that they go frame by frame.
But when you're watching real speed, man, yeah, maybe in his mind,
if I bury him, that's not going to go in.
We go the other way.
We tie the game.
I don't fucking fault him too much for it.
And five and a ten, I thought that was excessive.
I mean, he did charge, even though he did kind of let up a couple strides before.
I don't think he should get more than a game.
I mean, I know you guys play, but I watched old school hockey.
I just thought, like, this is the NHL, man,
and so many people are fucking crying about it.
But it's the best league in the world.
These guys do anything they can to win, and that's what we see sometimes.
Like Whit said, if he gets right up, it's probably not a big deal.
The stretcher comes out, and it looks pretty dramatic.
I mean, his limbs are moving right away.
He's probably conked, but the guy might have done the same thing
if he was in the other position.
And, you know, he's a tough player. we will obviously wish him well but i don't think
scheifele was trying to kill him i thought he was trying to prevent the goal and yeah it's a
fucking nhl playoff you think if he bounces up there nobody's saying a goddamn word and and
the game man i think everyone's going what a hit people are praising scheifele if that happens
there'll be a skirmish after whatever but i don't think people are going as nuts as they are. No, if he hopped up and celebrated the goal in the corner, nothing would be discussed.
And here's the thing.
Why are you not picking your head up?
I don't know, man.
I know it's a different game, but you're coming around the net.
You're down a man.
What do you think is going to happen? Do you think everyone just went for a change dude this game's
alive yeah people like oh and i and i hate to sorry i hate to make it seem like you're like
giving it to a guy who's injured because awesome goal and i i hope he's okay but in in terms of
looking at the play it's a charge but you have to protect yourself dude it doesn't matter what
what year you're playing hockey.
Get your head up and know who's out there
and know what's going on.
That's what it comes down to.
So you're basically at this point saying
give him a game or two for being unsportsmanlike?
For charging.
Okay.
And the injury, because the injury obviously...
But here's the reason why I have a hard time with charging.
He's trying to be the first guy back.
Yeah, he's back checking.
Is he supposed to stop?
People said he also stopped moving his feet at the hash marks.
It's like, yeah, well, he might have thought he was going to meet him
before he got to the front of the net.
Like, I don't know what he was thinking, but he was back checking.
Yeah, he skated 180 feet because he was trying to prevent the goal.
Like, charging to me would be like another guy on another guy's check
and another guy leaving his check in order to go take a run at the chance,
at the perfect time he does turn around and he gets him square.
Kind of like you were talking about Army's hit where he would come off the
That's how he would bury people.
That's right.
But listen, Elliott Friedman tweeted, from Rule 42.1,
charging shall mean the actions of a player who, as a result of distance traveled,
shall violently check an opponent in any manner.
A charge may be the result of a check into the boards, into the goal frame, or an open ice.
So what he says is that gives the Department of Player Safety wide latitude
because that description is what he did.
So that is the thing in terms of him getting suspended for the charge.
It's just the hit. That was
not a head hit. That was a guy
bent over. That was a guy bent over
not looking. And it also wasn't late.
Because I heard a lot of people on Twitter,
it's late. No, it's not. It was hard,
vicious, yeah, sportsmanship, whatever.
But again, it's the NHL playoffs.
Guys are doing whatever they can to win.
I don't think it was dirty, man.
It was trying to prevent the goddamn goal.
You mentioned Pink Whitney a few minutes ago.
Obviously, you're the guy it's named after.
Well, if you haven't bought them yet, the new 375-milliliter Pink Whitney Mickeys.
They're all over the place.
Canada loves them.
They fit right perfectly in your back pocket going to a concert.
We don't tell you to do that, but if you do, you do.
Great for the pregame, the after party, everything in between.
Summer's here.
Weather's hot.
Enjoy a nice, cool, pink Whitney on the rocks.
Don't panic, Dubas.
Hang on to the young guys.
Took Ovi, like, what, 14 years?
Yeah, took a while, yeah.
Hey, but here's the only problem, though.
You only sign them for five-year extensions.
Come on, Dubas!
What are they going to do?
Come on, Dubas!
What will be different in Toronto next year?
I'm interested.
Yeah.
What do they do?
Call me, Dubes.
They got their D set.
They got Riley, Muzzin, and Brody back.
And up front, I think Spezza deserves a chance to come back.
Yeah, he had a great year.
I don't know if he said he wants to, but fuck, bring him back.
He played excellent.
Simmons is a one-year deal.
I don't know.
It's just  it's a very, very interesting time because this was the team.
This was the year.
They had the North.
They had the easy end to the Final Four, and fuck, Leafs fans again.
I saw that Steve Dangle.
There was about 400,000 views on his video post-game.
Oh, that poor kid, man.
Poor bastard.
Meltdown, yeah.
He must have ulcers on top of ulcers, that kid.
Yeah.
And all I see is he's going to pay for his mental rehab and my foreskin getting chopped off.
Thanks a lot, Dubas.
Shani, call me.
So, yeah, Winnipeg.
Montreal, Winnipeg, the last series, we hadn't given our predictions yet.
Well, at least made them public.
I think we all had Winnipeg. I had Winnipeg, the last series, we hadn't given our predictions yet, or at least made them public. I think we all had Winnipeg.
I had Winnipeg in six.
I had Montreal in seven.
Did you?
I did.
Okay.
Well, Merle obviously was the late series.
You went off Montreal after picking them first round?
I did.
Wow.
Yeah, I know.
The answer to the girl that brought you all that stuff.
I just think, I don't know, Winnipeg, obviously they lost the first game tonight.
I just think they're a little bit more complete.
Hellebuck, he's obviously not better than Price.
I don't know if Montreal can do it twice in a row.
They got a great start.
But, yeah, I took Winnipeg.
I don't know if I said six or seven.
I'd have to check my laptop.
But I did pick Winnipeg.
Merle's had Winnipeg as well.
I had Winnipeg in five because I thought that they'd be rested, ready to go.
I thought it was going to be a game one.
But R.A. brought up a good point while we were watching game one.
I think, where were we at?
Grinders?
What was the place called?
No, that's the app you go on on your phone.
It was Rafters.
Banners?
Banners.
You even fucked it up, you asshole.
But you said Toronto didn't beat them up.
That wasn't a series where they had to claw their way out of.
They were structurally sound.
Yeah.
They were,
they were backtracking.
Well,
like that's what I noticed the most about that game seven,
especially in the second period.
And that's why I tweeted.
Oh,
I said,
play the vets more.
I want them to play Spezza,
Thornton,
Foligno more because the pace wasn't crazy.
They were winning every 50,
50 battle in the neutral zone.
Every time there was a 50,
50 puck where two sticks were meeting,
it just seemed that Montreal would push the puck forward.
They would gain lines, gain zones.
The first goal, it was just like...
Yeah, and then it was like, oh my goodness, they're down one.
And you could just sense their confidence just crumble.
But I don't know how we got back onto the Leafs.
What were we talking about before that?
I think we just saw your socks. Yeah, we jumped back to the Winnipeg Montreal series but
yeah back to my personal health well no we were tying in because they said like Montreal didn't
get physically get beat up with Toronto they just you know it wasn't like they played St. Louis or
something so they you know they were probably footloose and fancy free tonight and how about
this how about this key and I mentioned it it, I think, before Game 7. No contributions from the Montreal back end.
And I think they got two points from them in Game 7 against the Leafs.
And tonight I think they had, what, six?
They had six before the empty netter.
I don't know if the D-man got an assist on that goal by heaven.
Yeah, assist for fucking getting his teammate's face caved in.
It was a sick effort.
Petrie's pass on the first goal.
Oh, my God.
Cocked to Miami.
Just this tap in, slap pass, an awesome play.
What's the stat?
Pull it up, G, as far as goals before hitting the age of 21,
as far as centers, centers of the age.
Hold on.
Let me go to Bing and pull that one up.
Jesus Christ.
That's a tough one to find on the fly, dude.
Did you say centers 21 and under?
Yeah, I threw a lot at you there.
What was the other play?
Oh, maybe Shea Weber's first breakaway ever in the NHL.
They shut down McDavid, but they're giving up breakaways to Shea Weber.
So I don't know.
That led to a goal.
I don't really know.
Winnipeg did not have their A game.
Maybe that's an example of Montreal's's just feeling it right now they got
a goalie in net who looks unbeatable and i think with their confidence in beating toronto they just
went in there loose what'd you say all right lucy goosey there was nothing nothing holding them back
tonight plus this is the magic i said before i'm pulling on that sweater in the playoffs we talked
about it with nylan i know it's just they pull that on and they they play their best hockey and
price i'll get my foreskin chopped off if Bergevin or Bergevin
or whatever you call him on this podcast gets a piss test.
No more foreskin bets, Biz.
This is not going to be well-fed.
Foreskins, yeah.
We can't talk about it anymore.
All right.
Gallagher just said that Shifley knows better than making that hit.
It's like Gallagher's been known to be pretty
vicious on the ice what's he doing to try to save and empty that goal I've seen that missing goal
for a few and I understand once in a while and I understand every Montreal player is going to be
furious right they see their teammate down and hurt you know and you're going to back your guy
but I don't know I'm very interested to see how how Par handles this one. I say two games. I say one.
Yeah, I say one, too.
And even that, I'm like, eh, I'm not really fully endorsing.
But, all right, moving right along.
The reason Biz is here.
The Islanders-Bruins.
Game two was Monday night.
The Islanders tied the series.
Thrilling 4-3 overtime win.
Me and Whit were both in the building.
Very entertaining game.
Very raucous.
It was highly entertaining.
Casey Seseekis on a breakaway after Jerry Miller's's on pass got deflected right to him sent them in all alone
he beats Tuco who I thought was good but not great uh I wasn't crazy about the Paul Mary goal
he looks a little slow I guess he is injured I mean they they're saying he's gonna play uh
tomorrow night or tonight Thursday but I guess he's been a little bit dinged up either way he
got outplayed by Varlamov was five and one1 versus the Bruins this year. What else did you see, Whit?
Not
surprised Varlamov started, right? Not at all.
With the first game effort and the way they've gone back
and forth, and he was great.
To see Coyle score that first goal, he looks
unreal. Not just because of the goal. I thought it was over
after that. Yeah,
what's his name? Hagerty. Hagerty
is tweeting, series done.
What's this guy talking about?
It's five minutes into game two.
And, of course, they end up losing the game.
What are you talking about?
So I think that seeing Coyle score that goal and being in that building
and feeling the crowd, if they had made it 2-0,
maybe you're looking at a completely different game.
But the Islanders were able to just do their thing and hang in there
and bend but not break.
And sure as shit, the game changes.
And I think you're right.
I think in the end, they got four goals.
Three of them were pretty lucky.
The one went off was LaZon's skate and in.
I think that was Bailey's.
Yeah, and the other one, the guy wide open in front.
Yeah, well, the Palmieri one was so bizarre.
That was like a weird bounce.
I don't really know what went down there.
And at the end, yeah, it goes off Charlie Coyle's skate, the pass across.
LaZon was trying to make.
And, I mean, if you're a Bruins fan, no offense whatsoever,
but if one Highlander's on the breakaway, you're kind of hoping it's Zekas or Martin.
I mean, it's not a chirp.
It's like, look, the fourth line guy, and he's six shots.
Although it's crazy how much they just roll them.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I know.
It's like, yo, let's
go. Four lines.
I was sitting with a kid and he's like,
Matt Martin, how long has he been on the Islanders?
I'm like, he was on their team for a while,
but then he went to Toronto and he was bought out
and they brought him back and
they just know exactly how to play him.
I watched him. He's out there a good amount.
He's big. He gets in the mix and for some
reason, well, not for some reason, they trust their fourth line knowing they will not give up chances.
There's no sort of like responsibility factor that makes the coach think, oh, they can't be out there.
Can you eat 12 minutes of clock and be reliable and maybe even wear them down?
Yeah, maybe wear down their D a little bit.
Maybe take a little bit of chunk out of their back end.
And they do. And they do.
And they do.
And then score breakaway winners
in OT.
Yeah, and then,
but the thing is,
like, the Bruins,
that first line,
still, the Marchand goal,
I mean, the Bergeron goal,
perfect shot.
And then Marchand,
he threw that enormous hit
on Pajot on the wall.
The place went nuts.
And he gets it back
in the power play,
snipe 3-3, you're thinking.
I think they're going to get,
they could have got this done
in regulation.
But Varlamov came up huge time after time and now we got a series
and I think as a Bruins if you're a Bruins fan like if they go and split in Long Island I think
they win the series if they go lose both I don't know I don't I don't know if you're coming back
against that team down 3-1 it's gonna be tough and Carson Kuhlman was the one who came in for
Craig Smith last game I thought they might put Frederick in.
He was great.
Played 12-51.
Got an assist.
Made his presence known.
You might see him in the lineup again.
But the big news was the Borelli live stream.
Grinelli, Borelli, Stu Faina.
I mean, absolute bananas.
Gee, was that as wacky as it looked? I mean, you guys were like three Bruins fans in there?
Absolute war zone.
Frankie called in like the Isles fanatics.
It's like this Islanders fan club.
So there were so many of the craziest Islanders fans.
The ones who pulled the fire alarm at the hotel for the visiting team.
I had some kids.
They put the SWAT gear on.
They go get the, when penguins are on the road, they're like.
They have 911 on their beeper.
Watch the live stream though.
There's a kid standing right behind me with a bottle of tequila in his hand.
Just full bottle of tequila.
Just chirping me the whole game.
Whispering in my ear.
I'm getting texts from the back of the bar.
We're going to sucker punch you in between periods.
You're fucked, Corneli.
Random people?
Random numbers are texting me.
I'm showing Frankie.
I'm like, I'm in a war zone right now.
This is insane.
Well, we're playing on our turf now. Oh, yes mean by our turf I mean your turf it's a different ball
game I won't jump on the Bruins bandwagon I'm gonna hop how many people were in there
full capacity outside too they had everyone outside when they scored that final goal
I've never seen a plate like that bottle smashing everywhere I sprinted right to the kitchen
had a beer in the back with one of the chefs.
Like it was insane in there.
Insane.
All right.
Well, we got Frankie coming in the Boston tonight.
Hurricanes.
Better be nuts.
Yeah.
Hurricanes are the guy.
What time?
Show up at five o'clock.
Seven thirty.
It starts.
Show up at five o'clock, baby.
Yeah, it's probably going to be pretty crowded.
So you might want to get there early if you're listening to this.
And of course, I hope you felt safe the other night, G, at Borelli's, because everybody wants to feel safe.
Remember that feeling you got as a kid getting tucked in the bed?
Well, the feeling you get now, the arms of somebody you love, safe and secure.
It's a feeling of security that only comes through human connection,
and that's why the people at SimpliSafe Home Security are so important.
Of course, SimpliSafe has an award-winning system
that has all the technology, bells and whistles you'd come to expect these days.
But the people at SimpliSafe really take it to the next level.
They're there around the clock anytime you need them.
And the thing is, SimpliSafe just makes it so easy.
It takes about two minutes to put this thing together.
You can customize it on the website at simplisafe.com slash checkouts.
Again, even a dope like me can do it.
I don't even own a toolbox.
It's simple.
And then whether it's a fire, a burglary, a medical emergency, a burst pipe, or even
while you're setting up the system, SimpliSafe has a person with the expertise you need ready
to help you 24-7.
And when you know there's always someone there to help you, that's a feeling you don't get
with any old security system.
To learn more about SimpliSafe and how they can protect you,
go to simplisafe.com slash chicklets today to customize your system and get a free security
camera. You also get a 60-day risk-free trial, so there's nothing to lose. The ultimate no-brainer.
That's simplisafe.com slash chicklets. Whether it's a fire, a burglary, a medical emergency,
or anything else, you know where to go to learn more. Simplisafe.com slash chicklets. Whether it's a fire, a burglary, a medical emergency, or anything else, you know where to go to learn more.
SimpliSafe.com slash chicklets.
Check it out. Alright, boys,
any other final notes on the Islanders' bees?
Anything you're going to expect? What did
Mikheyev do that whole series against Montreal?
He did nothing. He didn't do anything.
He's played 12 playoff games for the Leafs.
He's got no fucking points, Dubas.
Figure it out. Nobody did anything
besides Nylander. It ain't just fucking Marner and Matthews.s look around hyman had a few great a's oh we haven't mentioned
i guess yet either we'll bring them on a little bit tory mitchell longtime nhl like we had jeremy
ronick on a couple years ago he told the story about the practical joke he played well tory
mitchell was on the receiving end of that this might be the longest story on chiclets it's
probably the best ever.
Like every two minutes, your jaw drops lower and lower.
Again, we got to come and see you later.
Do not miss it.
Hearing the guy who had it done to him is way different than J.R.
just who was pulling the strings up top.
It's like this man has probably forever a part of him that will be petrified.
That's never going away.
I was going to describe it. You could hear the emotional trauma just building and building and building and he still endures
today nightmare but at least we get to enjoy the story yeah absolutely so we got that coming a
little later in the meantime tampa carolina tampa won 2-1 in game two it was a i thought a must win
for carolina tampa now is a 2-0 series lead going back home. Not a lot of whistles in the game. It was a real
quick game, but I don't think it was the most exciting
game. Game 2 was boring.
Yeah, it was kind of boring. Kalon, he's been
playing outstanding in his playoffs. He put him up
1-0 on another goal like, I don't know,
Nadelkovic might have, should have had. I know
he was kind of going the other way against it. It was one of those
funky goals, but I don't know.
Coming off the previous game.
From the three-point line?
As you said, but, I mean, biz, is Carolina all done?
Down 0-2 going to Tampa?
It's just such a deflating goal.
Like the one when they ended up losing game one.
It's just, you know, another one?
Start Mrazek.
Yeah?
He hasn't played in, I don't think, three weeks.
Start him.
And here's the thing.
Nedeljkovic overall wasn't horrible in either game,
but both games gave up a back-breaking goal that has to be stopped.
Killorn's goal is on the ice.
If you go down on the butterfly, it doesn't matter if you can't see it.
It's literally on the ice.
40-footer on the ice.
That's why the butterfly was created.
What do they call it? Butterfly system? What do you call that? Technique? I bet you R. It's literally on the ice. 40-footer on the ice. That's why the butterfly was created. What do they call it?
Butterfly system?
What do you call that?
Technique?
I bet you R.A. was his fucking...
Technique was created to take away the low stuff.
R.A. with the Playboy strapped to his fucking shin bones could have stopped that one from 40 feet.
No, he used the hustlers for that because he read the articles in Playboy.
Yeah, so I don't know.
I mean, Jesus Christ, those goals.
Yeah, so I don't know.
I mean, Jesus Christ, those goals.
And the thing about Tampa is when Vasilevsky's this good,
I don't know, man.
Like, Tampa Avs, how sick would that be?
They look a step above everyone else in my mind.
Granted, this game's tied right now 2-2, but oh, man,
they got Stamkos, they got Kucherov, they got Point.
Yeah, then they got Sorelli, Killorn. They got Tyler Johnson.
It's never ending.
I'm thinking up front.
And then, oh, wait.
Yeah, they're third and fourth line.
You got Coleman, Goudreau.
It's like... The big rig coming in with the occasional big...
Oh, the big rig.
All he does is score, like, game winners.
And I think if you then look at Victor Hedman, he's it right now.
Yeah.
He's the dog.
And he's the Norris Trophy winner last year,
and he is as good as anyone else in the league is playing defense.
He creates offense.
He shuts guys down.
He penalty kills.
He's a full-blown do-it-all type player,
and to have him and then Vasilevsky, this team is so good,
and this series is done.
Maybe Carolina fans are going to love it.
I'm a clown with my take sometimes,
but 2-0 going home.
I think I had Canes in seven as well,
but one of the most entertaining parts
of the whole game was watching Armdog on NBC.
Awesome.
Him and Alex Jones.
I forget who's the guy who teased him.
Keith Jones.
Keith Jones.
Or Keith Jones.
What did I say?
Alex Jones?
Is Alex Jones the...
Get off of here internet, for once.
I got my tit for...
Yeah, that's where I get my news, folks.
Hey, he wouldn't have thought the Shifley hit was dirty.
You know Alex Jones wouldn't have.
I don't think Keith Jones...
Well, actually, did we hear Jones tonight?
I actually texted him after.
I saw he did a great job of breaking it all down.
I think he took a fairly neutral stance,
but he gave the overall perspective. I think he said a great job of breaking it all down. I think he took a fairly neutral stance, but he gave the overall perspective.
I think he said he wouldn't be surprised
if they gave him a game or two,
which is kind of where I landed,
but he did a great job of rolling it out.
But him and Armdog were on the set,
and the way that Armdog described the back end for Tampa
was it's like they're mountains back there.
Like, not only do you have
these big d with these big wingspans who lug major minutes like you mentioned their top three we got
surga cheb headman and um oh just ryan mcdonough ryan mcdonough heard of him fuck he was the number
one in new york and then he goes down there he gets to fucking play a number three to keep the
change and and they just have these massive wingspans. They don't allow a lot to generate down low.
They can play any way you want.
And because of that, with those three lefty, the righty, Cernak, Ruda, and Shen,
they're not the quickest, but they're big.
And they're willing to just get in the way and create what you said, the end of cycles.
They finish off cycles.
I don't know if Savard's banged up,
but they ended up taking him out of the lineup
and putting Cernak in, I believe, for game two.
Savard is a little banged up.
Oh, is he?
Okay, well, that's probably why then.
But that Cernak, he was there last year when they won it.
He was reliable, and he filled in great.
And just a pretty good defensive game
with, I guess, a good late push by the Hurricanes.
But, fuck, they weren't really able to
generate much in the first two periods in a game they had to win like they're down 2-0 like fuck
they ain't winning four or five against Tampa I'm sorry with three of them on the road it was too
little too late and they all they seemed to hair off to like with they had a couple good opportunities
guys shot it high or wide I mean it was the the two-on-one with uh nature said ajo
and you know the perfect opportunity he had vasilevsky down and he shoots it either high or
wide they just they weren't as crisp as we've used to see well that's what happens when the goalie
takes up every bit of the net where you have to find that how good is that guy man that little
hole and full props to tampa i mean they play a suffocating game they know how to win they
had to lose a bunch to get to become stanley And, you know, they're going to be a tough fucking team to beat.
Yeah, and if you talk about, like, Carolina almost outshot them 2-1.
But it's chances.
It's the type of chances you're getting.
And I think there was actually a chance for Ajo to tie it up at the last second.
When he brought out the 60 degree?
Yeah, who was the defenseman?
He ended up being in perfect position.
The puck was kind of in between him.
But, yeah, I mean, once it was 2-0, you knew it was too much.
And I think with Trocek out now, who I don't think is going to play the rest of the series.
And it looked kind of innocent.
He got clipped.
I don't know if it was by a skate or what exactly hit his foot or ankle.
And right away, no weight on it.
I don't remember which ankle it was, but he had a really bad injury a few years back
when he was still on the Panthers in Ottawa. I don't know if it was that ankle. I don't remember which ankle it was, but he had a really bad injury a few years back when he was still on the Panthers in Ottawa.
I don't know if it was that ankle.
I don't know what exactly happened.
But to lose him, it just turns them into a one-line team going against a fucking four-line team.
And it's probably too little too late now.
Not probably.
It is.
Yeah, it's a tough team to beat.
Four out of five games.
Getting a little hoarse here.
Moving right along.
This series we got in the background here.
Vegas, Colorado, 2-2.
What's that?
15 minutes left of the third, boys?
Yeah, they just had a breakaway, too.
I think it was Riley Smith.
Big save by Grubauer.
Yeah, I think game one was actually going on when we recorded Monday.
Absolutely spanked them.
But the extracurriculars kind of happened while we were recording.
I don't have to talk much.
Ryan Graves, he got the interference penalty for hitting Matias Janmark
in the second.
He buried him kind of up high.
Another guy was already engaged with him.
He got, I think, two minutes for interference.
It was a pretty fucking hard hit.
Wouldn't necessarily call it clean.
Either way, later in the game, Reeves grabs Graves, toss him the ice,
get a knee on his head.
I guess he pulled a clump of his hair out.
He ends up getting two games.
Just kind of a bad look doing that to a guy. toss him the ice, get a knee on his head. I guess he pulled a clump of his hair out. He ends up getting two games.
Just kind of a bad luck doing that to a guy.
I know his teammate got hurt, but, Biz, you were the tough guy.
What do you got on this?
Yeah, I mean, listen, I've been in Reeves' situation feeling like you have to protect the team,
and Graves, who I really like his game, too.
I thought that that hit would have triggered me a little bit.
There's a certain line in order to respond to it,
and he thought he had him in that situation,
and then Graves was in an even more vulnerable situation.
And I didn't like it, and I agree with the two games.
The stepping on the neck thing, Revo's a big guy.
You never know. the stepping on the neck thing like you know Revo is a big guy like that could you know you never
know um you know I respect the fact that he's willing to stick up for his teammates um as I
said I wouldn't have been happy with the graves hit I didn't think that the graves hit was
suspendable I didn't think it was a five I think it deserved probably a two the way it went
interference maybe it was a late hit the the way it went down but here's the thing
though is like that what if that graves hit results in the same way as is like the the
hitter we're still having the same conversation right so it's which which which boat are you
going to hop on but regardless of such uh revo stepped over the line he's gotten two games and
i tell you what a good response so far.
Right now it seems like they're carrying the play quite a bit in game two here.
Out shooting them right now, 31-17.
And, you know, it's not like the Reeves loss is going to kill them.
They'll probably just insert someone who's got bigger wheels.
I didn't see who they threw in.
I think that it was tough.
When we were recording recording i was saying you
were watching it but there were so many bodies around graves and reeves that you couldn't really
see and then once you got the look there was one angle that you could just see his knee right in
his face and after that i think even when he got his knee off and he had his hand in there and he's
rubbing you know he's giving him the face wash and for graves to be down injured after that you
could tell i think something something was coming in terms of suspension because it had nothing to do with hockey, right?
It was totally after the whistle.
It was a blatant go after you after you hurt my teammates.
Correct.
So you understood where the games were coming from.
But, yeah, Vegas is able to throw in somebody with more speed.
Who is it?
I don't even know.
I haven't seen this lineup.
But I do think that the Vegas Golden Knights did what everyone thought they would do in game two and show up.
Because, yeah, we have no idea if they win this game.
I feel like this is a Carolina situation.
If they don't win this game, they're in fucking massive trouble.
Yeah, at least they're going home in terms of Carolina going on the road.
But Vegas was, like, bound to get pounded the other night after that series.
And everyone said they'd come back tonight with an effort,
and they've been sick.
I was going to go back to the Reeves thing.
I think he's been kind of public enemy number one
now that Wilson's out of playoffs,
and the fact that the hit against, who was it, Suter?
Yeah.
They weren't happy about that one.
So this is their one where they got their game back,
and everybody can be happy and walk away from it.
I think two was the fair play.
Yeah, no problem.
It was some dirty stuff.
I mean, you know, Revo, he typically plays a clean physical game.
Like as DeBoer said, for me, Ryan is one of the cleanest, tough guys
I've seen in the league in my 12, 13 years.
He's consistently a clean physical player.
I mean, obviously he's going to get his guy.
It was tough to watch a defenseless player, one of your teammates getting hit like that going back
to the yanmach thing it's hard not to carry that emotion through the rest of the game so you know
he's going to get his guys back as you expect and gabriel landerskog said i don't know you can call
that physicality he's on a mission to hurt someone in the third and uh evander kane piped in via
twitter oh yeah okay instead of a suspension they should have to play him 20 minutes a game
for the rest of the series with the LOL emoji.
I will say as a former fourth liner, the 20 minutes would be a lot more embarrassing.
It would be more public humiliation to try to keep up.
You're just gassed.
You're out there.
You just can't breathe.
I told you about the game.
Turning it over.
One game I played 11 minutes in Edmonton.
I needed a body cast the next day.
11 minutes.
I was like Paul Pierce coming in for the next skate.
How many guys got injured?
Were there like four guys kicked out of the game?
How did you get 11 minutes?
No, no, no.
Pump the brakes, bud.
I had two apples and I was a third star.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Was that the lost phone trip too?
No, no, no.
No, that wasn't the lost phone trip. That would have been, yeah. Was that the lost phone trip, too? No, no, no. No, that wasn't the lost phone trip.
That would have been, yeah, I would have never had a cell phone again, but no.
But anyway, back to you, R.A., sorry.
Actually, I wanted to ask, Witt, were you surprised to see Robin Lannis
that game one after Marc-Andre thought it all seven in the first series?
I was, but then the more I looked at it,
I think that even the coaching staff knew that they were severe underdogs in that game.
And let's give him a chance in terms of this guy's rested.
Just two nights ago, we had a game seven.
We're going to go.
I bet you they were saying they're going to go back to Fleury no matter what.
Now, had he pitched a shutout, then you have a little bit of an issue, but it's a good issue to have.
So in the end, I really wasn't.
And then you also learn they had the extra day, right?
Right.
So then, you know, Fleury's getting four days of rest,
and you understand, all right, we're going back to our guy
who was lights out in the first round.
I'm not sure.
Sure, it would have mattered either way, the way Colorado played.
It's like, we know we're going to get peppered,
so let's throw Leonard in there.
You just eat all the shrapnel.
Exactly.
And then all of a sudden, if we get blown out with Fleury,
it's like game two's coming up.
Oh, yeah, now we've got to throw the new guy in there
because maybe confidence ain't there.
He's playing 11 minutes in front of him.
And now we're back to the goalie discussion.
Well, either way, in a week or two, some of these guys are going to be golfing soon.
But if you're on the course, you want to be looking fresh.
Yes, all right, people will be on the golf course.
It is beautiful this time of year.
And you're crazy if you're not using TaylorMade.
You've heard us talk about them.
You've seen us use them, and you've seen the best players in the world constantly using TaylorMade.
And now the entire TaylorMade Sim family is in stores with the BarstoolSports.com slash TaylorMade special page.
You can go to this page.
You can find all the chicklets gear.
You can find the foreplay gear, the Barstool Sports golf gear.
It's got it all.
the chiclets gear you can find the foreplay gear the barstool sports golf gear it's got it all visit barstoolsports.com slash tailor-made to check out tailor-made and all the gear that's
able you're able to purchase right now and also if you're not just into the best clubs in the game
you can get into the best balls in the game and if you've always wondered what's so good about like
the expensive balls what what's different about those balls well now you can find out but you don't have to pay the same price that you would with the competitors because
tailor-made's tour responses for those people who've always wondered what the high price tour
balls are and now you can check it out by purchasing the tour response balls at barstoolsports.com
slash tailor-made what are you waiting for get yourself fit for the new sim family of driver
fairway woods rescue clubs and three different sets of irons and grab some
tour response balls. BarstoolSports.com slash TaylorMade. I miss
golf. Well done, my friend. One last note on the Vegas, Colorado
series. Nazem Khadri's suspension was upheld.
After the game tonight, he still has five more games to go. So, boys,
I think it's time we bring on Torrey Mitchell and his epic stories
because this is an all-timer.
You guys are going to enjoy this.
So, without further ado, Torrey Mitchell.
It's a pleasure to bring on our next guest.
This University of Vermont product was drafted by San Jose
in the fourth round of the 0-4 draft.
A dogged penalty killer, he went on to play 666 NHL games for five teams in an additional 79
in the playoffs he retired two years ago after 13 seasons of professional hockey thanks a bunch for
joining us on the spit and chiclets podcast Torrey Mitchell how you going man I'm good thanks for
having me guys I'm excited I love what you're doing so I'm so pumped to be talking to you I
love it and and Mitch's name first got brought up here.
And we'll get into it later with a little bit of an issue as a rookie prank done to himself from Jeremy Roenick.
And who else were you with again?
I was with Devin Sadaguchi as well.
So we're going to save that.
We're going to save that for later.
But first, I kind of want to get into what's going on now.
Now, you played at Vermont and you're back living in Burlington.
You run an elevator, kind of a hockey uh academy in a way yeah yeah just like you know like the small ice training
that you see you know like austin matthews grew up training on yeah that's exactly what we're
doing we have like a little patch ice it's like 40 by 60 feet i could grab the computer and show
you but i i'll stay in here but here. But it's really caught on.
Like the kids are freaking loving it.
So we do private lessons, like one or two kids for the hour.
And we're just slammed.
And we're actually opening up our second facility kind of franchising in Boston,
actually with one of your  I think one of your former teammates, Chris Diamond.
Yes, Diamond. Yeah, Diamond is going to think one of your former teammates, Chris Diamond. Yes, Diamond.
Yeah, Diamond's going to be one of the skill coaches there helping out.
So him and another guy, John Hutchins.
So that's opening in July.
So, yeah, it's just been like a complete whirlwind since retiring from hockey and still in the game, which is fun.
And just freaking not enough hours in the day right now.
It feels like with how busy I am.
So it's been cool.
It's been a good transition.
Like I didn't have that dead period of just golfing for five years straight.
Like wit?
Mine was five months.
Then I met Biz.
But I think that it's funny because in New England, like Vermont,
the one kid I think of, Brady Leisenring, he was from Vermont.
He was an awesome player.
He was an 82 born.
But with a camp like yours, it's only going to produce better talent because there hasn't been a ton of hockey players from Vermont in the past 30 years.
No, there hasn't.
And all the top players end up leaving at like age 14 to try to go to prep schools in New England anyways.
But yeah, the hockey here, it's not england anyways um but yeah the hockey here it's
not known for hockey but it they love hockey here everyone's a big bruins or habs fan so it's yeah
there's a big following here for hockey and we've been slammed we have like 100 kids on the wait
lists for the summer program so it's crazy wow that's good but we've started so we're excited
to be franchising in Boston,
potentially announcing New Jersey moving forward as well.
That's great, and congrats to you.
You mentioned Montreal, and that's where you're from.
So did you grow up an enormous Habs fan?
Yeah, I did.
I did.
We ended up, I don't know, getting tickets to like three or four games a year,
my dad and brother uh kind of
93 i remember going to a playoff game on that playoff on their stanley cup run in early 90s
but yeah i grew up like huge patrick waugh fan freaking saku koibu like those guys were just
legendary so yeah definitely i mean you can't grow up in montreal and play hockey and not love
the Habs so i heard your old man used to build the rink in the backyard i would imagine that you were probably
doing some of those skill drills out there with him that much like you're doing now for the young
kids in burlington i mean i'm trying to keep up with swaggy p here you guys have posted some of
his crazy stick handling video lacrosse style stick handling videos but yeah yeah he had the typical canadian story had the
backyard rink on and i spent hours and hours and hours out there uh trying to hone my skills until
i got to the nhl and i just had to chip bucks in and change thornton's giving it to you for trying
to move that you worked on all summer oh yeah totally you know i'm like all right i'm gonna
be a skill guy this season i gotta just stick handle all summer what are you doing sit your ass on the bench now oh it's okay
every year i would i would go train and come back at a camp maybe maybe this is the year i break out
maybe this is the year where i can start making plays at the blue line and and and two days into
camp it's like you have to sit down it's like hey, hey, fuck it. Just put it in that fucking corner.
Get in there and forecheck.
And if you don't get it, just get the fuck off the ice.
Yeah, if I had a dollar for every time they told me, just use your speed.
Just use your speed.
I'm like, all right.
All right, I get it.
I can't stick handle.
That's the nice way of saying you can't stick handle, dude.
Just try to beat them wide.
Yeah, totally.
So did you grow up, is it an all-English-speaking neighborhood,
like in terms of Montreal?
How does that work in terms of where the areas are mostly English-speaking?
Yeah, that's a good question.
So I grew up in a town called Greenfield Park.
It's pretty English, like 10 minutes south of the city.
And, yeah, it was like I was the english pig on my team growing up and then and then i get
down to call and get down to uvm or i went to prep school i got a prep school and are you and
at uvm and then i'm like they're calling me they're not calling me mitchell they're calling
me michelle you're a frenchie now yeah i'm like mom who? You know, I can't win. Just having an identity crisis. Uh, I don't know where,
where am I from? Am I not supposed to be English from Montreal here?
So, uh, yeah, yeah. It was like, it was very, very,
very French outside of my town. Obviously like once,
once I was nine or 10 years old uh like the travel teams are
all french yeah all the best players are french pretty much i mean there's a couple english
montreal alex colorn cory crawford there's a couple i did back in the day matt lombardi he was
i guess considered an english montrealer but yeah for the most part it's all French so I was like the only English guy on the
team just trying to be a clown to fit in I guess and then and then I get to school get to freaking
college and I'm the French guy how'd you end up going there well my parents were so dead set on you're going to college you're going to
college so quebec was never even an option junior no wow no there was no option like they were uh
uh they were just dead set on me going to college my dad worked uh he was an athletic director at
kind of like a kind of a ritzy like prep school type school in downtown Montreal.
And I had to go to that school instead of the public school in my town.
And he had all these connections with these ADs at Deerfield and Hotchkiss
and all these fancy prep schools.
So it was like, you're going here.
I had a really big AAA midget season.
I was going to be a top three or four pick in the queue.
No way.
And I met, I remember we met with like every team that summer
and it was like, no, no, no.
And I did end up getting picked up in like the fifth round
and they offered me like a Mazda and like a laptop or something.
I was like, I like that.
Come on, Dad.
You know?
But, yeah, that's how I ended up taking that path.
It was like my parents were just like, you're going to school.
Where did you go to prep school in the States?
Hotchkiss.
Oh, a wagon for many years in the 90s.
Big time money.
But then the hockey program lately, it's a little different now?
They got a good coach now.
But, yeah, they were decent in the early 90s.
You're right.
They used to go to the Floodmar.
You play in the Floodmar?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Play against Milton and Nobles.
Yeah, those schools.
Anyways, yeah, that was that was tough though because you hardly
played any geek like i was i got down there and all my french buddies were 30 games into their
season and they didn't have the ice down at prep school in freaking november and you have to play
a fall sport so you're you're playing football or soccer like what i just you want to play hockey
right now yeah totally totally it was like
mentally draining there just want to jump on the ice but yeah so then you're at hotchkiss what
other schools was it like you wanted to go hockey east or the whole time vermont somewhat close to
montreal and you wanted to be there uh no it was just like complete so random list of schools there
was like six or seven schools kind of spread across
the country like ohio state and clarkson and bu vermont like it was just kind of a
i was just a mix of schools but no we we drove down my dad brought me down to watch like martin
st louis and eric perrin and tim thomas in the mid 90s and i just thought it was like wow this is the best place ever so it was it was at the top of my list right away plus plus they were they weren't so good and
you know i wanted to play right away was the atmosphere pretty good there for a college barn
i went up and played there uh when i was there it was sick it's a place that loves that team
yeah it's it's their professional team you know it's
their it's their nhl team on the weekend so it uh it it's a pretty sweet building to play a game
right even even as a visitor yeah is that where you earn your nickname big money mitch
no it's not was that when you got to the national league you got that that was
yeah when i was that's that's when i started making making that money baby
yeah there's a backstory there but um yeah actually i think it started like
we're the st louis the st louis have a casino in the hotel? Or did?
I don't know.
I thought they had one across the river in St. Louis or something.
On one of the boats, don't they?
Yeah.
I don't know. I just remember being in a casino the night before the game just with a bunch of guys and, like.
Waffled.
Dead sober.
Yeah.
Dead sober.
And we, yeah, I don't know. I went on an absolute tear and then i scored in like the
first period somehow which is also shocking and i came through the line they were like there he is
big money match and uh there's a couple more stories after that but it uh somehow it stuck
there there was the odd game like later
in my career i'd be skating up the ice in here big money i'd be like hell yeah that's me that's
me but yeah and now i've kept the kept the nickname going just for our instagram page with our business
here just so not your only story that uh it's not the only story that started at a casino and we'll
get to that later all right what do you got yeah actually there is it's a riverboat casino right across the uh from st
louis i think it's on the yeah what's uh whatever state is on the other side now burlington's a
great town obviously a blast were you torn about leaving there to go pro at worcester or were you
like just screw it i want that dough be big money mitch yeah i wanted to be big money match it was uh i was still like 2004 draft picks were
still uh like somewhat under the good signing bonuses not the small bonus yeah they haven't
canceled the big ones yet so you could probably sign for 600 or something where now that ain't
happening yeah i got like 450 and i didn't know what i was going to get. And like, I was like, well, if it's, if it's 200, maybe I'll stay in school.
And I had one year left, but then when, when they said it was that much,
I said, give me the pen. Let's go.
Did you tab and screwed? Yeah.
So your first, is it the first season you're professional Worcester?
What was that? What was that experience?, you're a professional, Worcester. What was that experience like?
How did you like Worcester?
Well, I was a bit of a silver spooner.
You don't hear that much out of the checkers, the grunts on the ice,
but I was only there for 17 games.
Wow, so you didn't spend much time.
Yeah, I ended up, like, signing in March,
drove down from Vermont to Worcester, quick drive, saw the city, thought, not for me, and made the team out of training camp the following season.
So I played 11 games and then six playoff games or something like that.
And then that kind of technically wasn't my rookie year.
My rookie year was when I went to training camp.
Wow.
So take me through, like, you get that experience of pro hockey,
go back summer training, you don't want to be in Worcester.
Did you still think it was a long shot to make that team,
like right out of college?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Just had a sick camp?
You guys know.
Yeah, I had a good camp, and there were some injuries.
Yeah, there you go.
I think Curtis Brown marcel gotch were
like the third fourth line centers and i don't curtis got hurt i don't know anyways i ended up
like kind of sliding into a third line role like right away game one with mike greer and jr and i
was like what is happening right now?
Yeah.
And it was, you guys know, you played against those teams.
They were freakish.
Like, the veterans we had were, come on.
It was like Jumbo, Patrick Marleau, Jonathan Chichu, Rob Blake,
Jeremy Roenick.
Like, you walk in that locker room when you're 22,
you're not making the team.
Yeah.
Or talking.
Or talking.
Like your head is just buried between your legs, right?
Man.
But I tell you, they took me under their wing,
and it was so awesome to be part of those teams.
We're so good too.
The regular season, you would just smash teams.
It's like Metallica's playing, and you know after the first period,
if you're only down 2-0, it's like a win.
It was a joke, those teams.
It was insane.
Like, you just watch.
It was just like cycle, cycle, cycle, goal.
All right.
Cycle, cycle, cycle, goal.
Teams are like, I guess it was kind of known, like,
just weather the storm in the
first 10 minutes against san jose at the shark tank and we had you would have an outside chance
but it was so crazy watching thornton and marlo just do their thing you know it was wild so that
your first training camp there we ended up making the team was that when the whole thing went ended
up going down with jr during that training camp no no no it was the following uh season so like that year um we ended up like he ended up always
bringing us over the like the rookies to his house for dinner his wife would cook for us like
after games always at it on at his place hanging like he was just like awesome you know it was part of like it was a it
was a big deal for him to sign in San Jose because Doug Wilson gave him an opportunity to like
continue playing and it was part of it was you know take care of the young guys and get get him
under your wing and I tell you he definitely lived up to that. Like I was hanging out with him the first two weeks of the season and we
became buddies, you know, it was just like, but you know,
we also probably took advantage of his niceness a little too much, like not,
not playing pranks on him, but you know,
like ringing his doorbell at 3.00 AM and like cooking food in the kitchen,
like any hour of the night,
just like random stuff like that.
And I think that plays into like the story that you're going to ask me about next.
But he was getting his back for, you know, not taking advantage of him,
but definitely pushing the limits with him a little bit.
Was it a big prank team?
Was that just kind of how it was going in the locker room all the time?
I mean, JR was on the team.
I mean, he just, he was like.
Non-stop.
Hollywood, man.
He was Hollywood.
He was like Deion Sanders of hockey.
He was prime time.
You know?
He still is.
He's just like, he's just on point always.
And you're like, man, is this a show or something?
No, it's not.
It's JR being JR, doing JR things.
And I want to be a part of it.
A lot of our listeners might not even remember the actual prank.
Can you give it in a nutshell synopsis?
We'll let Torrey explain it.
But JR came on, and I've heard this story, as most of the league has through the grapevine is the craziest story ever it comes
down to these guys being in vegas and jr saying to setaguchi and tori we're going out tonight
follow me and you can kind of take it away for how it began and how it went and we got the version
from the prankster now we get the version from the man who was pranked. Yeah. And this, like, to give even more perspective to your listeners.
Yeah, go all in.
Yeah, this story, like, so I guess it happened in, like, 2009 or 2010.
And I was lining up for face-offs, like, my last year, 2018.
And, like, complete strangers, like, guys that i'd never talked to in my life they'd be lined up next to me and be like is that is that scare tactic story
true and i'd be like wow this is wild this is that good of a story so it started, it started like the first week of August.
He called me and said, we had just signed Dan Boyle and Brad Lukowich.
And he's like, I'm going to get a private jet.
And eight of us are going to fly to Vegas for a golf trip to introduce the new guys to the team.
And I was like, and where are we going this is a week
before training camp he's got it planned i was like okay like at the time i was pretty big into
training like i was like a week before like this is pushing it but so i was like i don't know i'm
not sure i'm not sure he's like no you need to come i'm gonna bring you and seto setaguchi i want like a mix of young
guys and some veteran guys so i kind of had no no choice in the matter he's like you're coming
all we're gonna do is golf have a nice dinner we're not even gonna go out we'll play some cards
at the table just yeah you know how that is sure So we get there and he gets a private jet for us.
We get there, get to the golf course, and he's adamant about me and Settle golfing with him.
He's like, I'm taking the kids today.
I'm taking the kids today.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Get on the golf course.
He's like trying his hardest to get us like double
shots of vodka whatever and uh and i'm i mean it's like 100 degrees there in august i'm like wow
okay we're going we're going we're having fun we'll get back to the room we got like an eight
bedroom suite or some nonsense i loved it and um and he says okay uh i'm gonna take the kids down
to the uh blackjack table come with me so like jeez he's really taking a liking to us on this
trip great so we go down to the table he's giving us money to gamble with he's giving us money he's
got some guy who's in on this joke at the table so he's like hey are you guys
you guys uh you hear about this party tonight this big like vegas house party supposed to be like
off the charts and uh if you guys get uh to if you guys get there the code word i'll give you
i'll give you a call what's your phone number i'll give you the code word to get in the party so my eyes light up i'm like whoa this is the real deal okay uh wait sorry no part
of you is like uh we don't even know this guy no i'm thinking like jr's so fired up about this
and i was like okay all right get back upstairs the other guys didn't even know what was going on. J.R. kept it to himself. So he says, hey, it's like 8 p.m. right now. He's like, hey, I'm taking the kids to this party. We're going to scope we separate like let's stick together he's like no
we're going first i got a little more common just the three of us the code word was dakota okay so
we get we get to the front door i got this loser christian adj
such a bag of shirt such a bag of shirt the tinfoil print so embarrassing like across the chest with the
little like sparkly things on them right it was you know it was diamond encrusted oh yeah just
terrible and uh and we get to the front and it's this massive bouncer who turned out to be like an
offensive lineman for the Arizona Cardinals and uh and he's
he looks at us and he's like what's the code word I'm like Dakota Dakota so he's like shuts the door
opens the door we walk in it's and we asked JR like how are we supposed to dress for this like
is it just like t-shirt or like should we like throw the coat on
no just t-shirt we walk in it's a black black tie event going on in there so i'm like dude i'm like
are you serious like we look like bums this guy comes out of this back room and gives us blazers
so i'm like okay boom throw the blazer on feeling good love it i'm like good fit
not bad walk into the room everyone is like placed at these it's kind of like a a big like
kitchen slash living room like little bar on the side just like a open space in a house when you walk in basically
and and they they kind of bring us over to the uh a couch and that's where we're standing then
we sit down on the couch we're like hmm like is someone gonna give us offer us a drink or what's
going on this guy comes out and says uh says tory uh Devin and Jeremy, thank you so much for coming tonight.
You can hear a pin drop at this point.
How many people are in here roughly?
Sorry.
Yeah.
So everyone's probably like 20 to 30 feet away from us at these like tall little round tables, little like bar tables.
And there's maybe 30, 35 35 people all actors and actresses but dressed like
really nice um the girls are dressed in like ball gowns and the guys are in nice suits and uh
so this guy comes out he's like he introduces himself as the host of the party and he says uh we want to welcome the three these three guys
um to our our life force party and i was like and then he just like
disappears into this back room and everyone starts talking again and i'm like
what's life force hello jr what's life force he's like dude. What's life force? He's like, dude, we're in like, just relax. It's
like, we're here. Don't think anything of it. I'm like, okay, like little uneasy. Still want to know
what life force is. Waitress comes over, offers us a little champagne. Yeah. Thank you. Okay.
We're settling in. Nice. Uh, excuse me. What's life force? And she turns and she looks at me,
in nice uh excuse me what's life force and she turns she looks at me she goes oh you don't know and walks away i'm like here we go red flags
she comes back she's got three shots they look like i mean dude they're they're it's blood there's
blood in the shot i'm like i'm not drinking that there's no way i'm drinking that big bouncer comes
over behind the couch he's like leaning over us he's like i'm not drinking that there's no way i'm drinking that big bouncer comes over
behind the couch he's like leaning over us he's like are you gonna drink that you better drink
that i'm like holy smokes so i look over at jr he he slams the shot he's got like red going down
his chin like this like he's loving he's like it's not blood it it might be it might be blood
i'm like holy smokes i'm like, Holy smokes.
I'm like, dude, this is getting out of control right now. What,
what's the next move here? Are we getting out of here? He's like, no, no,
just play it cool. Play it cool.
So then I noticed in my blazer does like these two big blocks. I'm like,
I'm like closing my pocket. I'm like, they're listening to us.
Someone's listening to us there's microphones
in our blazers so i try to open the pockets can't open the pockets seto's freaking out too but he
was hammering the double vodkas on the golf course so he's kind of like i think he's in his own world
then the host the host comes back out says okay it's time to get life force going clearly because
they were listening to me and i want to get the freak out of there.
This lady comes in, bra and panties.
She gives a double kiss to everyone in the party.
I'm like, what is going on?
Give the double kiss.
She goes around.
The host comes back out.
You can hear a pin drop again.
He says, all right, that's our main event for the evening.
And we're so excited that she's giving herself the life force.
I'm losing it at this point.
I'm like giving herself to what?
Dude, where are we?
What is happening?
Did you think maybe gangbang or something?
Like, oh, you don't even want to sacrifice.
Yeah.
OK, you went right there. I would have been thinking maybe the other thing yeah that's that's what seto was thinking i was
thinking more like okay like we're we're vampires already and jr not panicking is kind of freaking
you out even more you're like what the fuck why isn't he worried he's like play it play it cool
man play it cool like it i'm telling you, I double-checked this party.
It's good.
I'm like, you didn't talk.
You met the guy at the blackjack table.
How is this legit?
So he's like, play it calm down, calm down.
So now they're clearly listening to me, at least I'm convinced they are,
which they were.
The guy comes back out because I'm panicking.
I'm ready to get out of there.
I'm like, dude, we got to get out of here.
Enough is enough.
Like, this is so outrageous what's happening.
I don't know what.
This guy comes.
They open these sliding doors.
They wheel out like it's a hospital bed, basically.
And there's a big drape over it.
And I'm like, that's the girl.
That's the girl that was in her bra.
That's the girl.
I could like almost see her toes up with the sheet covering her toes.
I'm like, that's her.
They rip the thing off.
All these people are like gathering in around this table at this point.
And I'm like, where's my escape here?
How do I get out of here?
They rip the drape off.
It's her.
She's filleted from the neck down to the waist i mean they had like they had her intestines like her heart might have still been beating
there was whipped cream and strawberries and real blood and i was just like holy smokes by the time
i could take my first breath jr has beelined it for the front door, which is like 60 feet from us.
He's like, F this.
I'm out.
He sprint for the front door.
The bouncers grab him, take a knife out, and just start going to town on him.
Boom.
And I'm freaking out, like crying, like, oh like oh my how is this happening he's got a white button up
on and he's got these fake blood patches i'm talking a pool of blood he's a fish out of water
no he's dead he's dead dory well no at this point he's going, why, why?
Dude, spinning, spinning, spit, oh, fish out of water.
I'm like, what do I do here?
Like, clearly I'm not attacking a six foot five, 400 pound bouncer with a bloody knife.
We just shanked JR.
So I jump up on the bar.
Settle watches me. I jump up on the bar. Seto watches me.
I jump up on the bar.
JR is like a fish out of water, like basically crying for help for me and Seto.
And I'm like, I try to shoulder the window a little bit.
I'm like, what's this window going to give here?
No, it doesn't give.
The whole party turns around.
The host says, Toriri get down from there everything's
gonna be okay i'm looking around like give me a glass of champagne i need like a knife knife
okay at this point all these people in the party have put the you know the contacts to change the
color of your eyes in like your vampire oh my god drill a video and yeah and like little teeth okay oh my
and they're up i'm on top of the bar they're probably like 20 30 feet away because scare
tactics this tv show they they never um they always like take away like harmful objects you
know like so you can't yeah like hurt one of the actors or actresses and i'm up but i don't know i'm freaking out he's dead at
this point so i jumped down and the sliding doors that they brought this like hospital bed in with
this chick um is is right behind me so i like i shoulder it i kind of like hit shoulder hit it
with my butt and i kind of like break the like bottom part of it and i squeeze through and i just take
off i left settle for dead where was settle this whole time settle this is i'll tell you so i i'll
tell you what his train of thought was phenomenal so i'm sprinting through this house now i'm in a
the game room which i'm like oh animals looking at me
freaking out i look i see an office um so i jump on the chair jump on the desk right through the
window i could have been on the 10th floor of the house i didn't care right through the window
probably i was probably 12 feet up landed in the bushes, brushed myself off, and I'm gone.
And I'm bleeding, too, like through the window.
It was a double-pane window.
So it was window, three inches window.
And, like, when I went back to see the window, it was, like, perfect hole in the first one.
And then, like, jaggered, like, triangles on the other window.
Like, I could have gotten halfway through and just killed myself.
But, man, the adrenaline was rushing i fly through the window land in the bushes brush myself off and take off and i am
running and running i know jr said i ended up when he was telling the story i listened to it
he said i ended up in wayne newton's backyard dude i was running with like beautiful white
horses just next to me going and i didn't know where I was in the middle of Nevada somewhere.
And we're 45 minutes off the strip. He took me out to the stupid house.
And so I'm hiding and I can hear people saying, Tori, Tori.
I'm like, of course, what am I running from? Vampires are like flash speed.
I got no chance. I'm dead.
He's fictional.
I'm dead.
So I'm taking out my phone.
I see like a front window to like a house pretty far away.
And the light's on.
So someone's maybe in their kitchen or something.
And I'm going right through that window.
So I start taking off again, running.
And I got my phone.
And it's Seto calling me.
And I'm like, so I answer. answer i'm like get out of there get out of there they're vampires he's like it's a it's a it's a joke it's
a joke and i'm like what what do you mean it's a joke so they ended up like finding me these vampires and I make my way back to
the house.
I mean,
I'm bleeding like crazy.
Thank,
thank God.
I had my,
that blazer on that.
They gave me,
cause like my back was all cut up.
I got a big scar in my arm here from it,
but I get back to the house and he's,
he's alive.
But he's got his shirt unbuttoned with all the stupid blood patches still on.
He's got this big smile on his face and he's like, I got you.
And I didn't know, like, I wanted to hug him or punch him or, or cry. I didn't know what I was feeling.
Settle was just shell shocked. I'm like, dude, he's like,
you just left me here. I'm like, yeah, he's like, you just left me here.
I'm like, yeah, I was fighting for my own life, man. Like, I don't know what to tell you. And
he's like, I was like, what, what were you doing? He's like, I was going to just eat,
eat a piece of her and become one of them. So he was all in. He's like, I don't give a, I'm,
I'm not getting killed by him. I'll do whatever they say. So JR ran for the front door when the host grabbed a piece of her body
and, like, took a bite out of it.
And Sato saw that and was like, I'm going to have to eat this to survive
and become one of them.
He bought in.
He's bought in.
He was all in.
That big fan of the Lost Boys.
Is that crazy or what?
It's the most insane story.
The first time I heard it, I still  the craziest thing to me is like, dude, you could have legit sliced your neck open on that fucking one.
Oh, yeah.
They were probably panicked when that happened a little bit.
I don't have blinds in here to show you, but you know the cheap blinds that you can look through?
They're all little...
Yeah, I got them in my place.
Those are the ones that I jumped through.
I didn't even know what was on the other side.
I didn't know there was two windows.
And you had no idea what floor...
It could have been 20 feet.
You were just getting out of that house.
I was just...
I was gone.
Did you need stitches right to the hospital?
Yeah. Oh, yeah. No, they had the EMT crew there. I was just, I was like gone. Did you need stitches right to the hospital?
Oh yeah.
No, they had the AMT crew there.
And then the best part is Rob Blake and his wife come, come out of the,
come out of the garage.
They were watching the whole thing unfold and all the cameras and stuff.
Oh my God. That is so good, dude.
And I was like, I saw him and then, and Jumbo and Dan Boyle.
So the reason the guys weren't there is because Jer had them next.
He was going to get them next.
So like,
Oh, the other guys at the hotel you're saying?
Yeah.
So, so he had a limo waiting for them to come at,
like we left at eight or something.
They were supposed to come at nine, but because we broke the,
the homeowner came downstairs from upstairs or something and said,
everyone out, we're not doing another one. He, like,
I broke the bear claw in the game room running over it.
And I broke the window. So she was like, everyone out of here. No.
They're like, we're good. We got the shot.
Totally. The greatest, the greatest prank in league history.
The craziest one I've ever heard.
When you got back to the house, was the actors and actresses,
they all start clapping and stuff?
They were like consoling me.
They were coming up and just like, it's okay.
One by one.
You're all good, man.
It's okay.
Because you're not supposed to be able to escape.
They're supposed to say, it's a joke.
But I guess I didn't hear it as I was running through the house or what.
Did you?
Was that going to go on TV?
Was that going to be an episode?
Yeah, so JR had the footage of it.
So we got back to San Jose.
had the footage of it so we got back to san jose and then uh doug willison kind of heard about it and was like you know this is pretty ridiculous he was not pleased that this transpired a week
before camp and he's like that you're not this is not going on tv he's like this is not what i
meant when i said take the young guys under your wing, JR. You can't use them.
My vampire wing.
For pranks.
Right?
So we ended up watching it, just the older guys.
There was like 10, 15 guys watched it.
It was really funny, but they didn't have the hidden cameras outside the main room.
So they didn't have like the hidden cameras outside the main room so they didn't have me
running they had me breaking through the door and getting into the game room but they didn't have
the footage after that me going through the window it was comical like the homeowner she
brought me over like the window and she like brought the blinds up she's like really i'm like
really really i saw my friend get stabbed to death yeah Yeah. So it turns out the TV show was scare tactics.
It was like Tracy Morgan's  it didn't last very long, the show,
but it was like there was maybe like a season or two,
and we were in one of them, but it never aired on TV.
So was the jacket actually bugged so they could hear you talk?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was right.
They had two microphones in it um so
was that the same training camp you ended up getting injured and missing some time yeah
was it really yeah you're missing close to a year did you not yeah year 120 games what the
fuck happened yeah i i broke my leg which is crazy like anyways i broke my leg, which is crazy. Like anyways, I broke my leg the second day of training camp.
I was coming down the left side, lost an edge and slid into the net.
And like the post were stuck pretty deep in the net.
Same thing that happened to Stan Post.
Yeah.
You remember that?
Yeah, in Boston.
Yeah.
And I like tried to stand up and I was like whoa my leg is not connected yeah it
was crazy I missed like 60 games and then I tried and I ended up like coming back in the playoffs
played two or three games we lost in the first round to Anaheim and then um then I got more
surgeries in the summer so missed the first half of the next season and then played maybe 50
games that year and then had another surgery in the summer that I ended up having like five or
six surgeries from it and then you know I was going to like the top like knee and ankle leg
gurus in the rehab world flying all over the place just trying to get get it right again and the last seven years
of my career i didn't have any i didn't have any surgeries but it it took a toll on me for i was
gonna say you you were a guy and you're you know one of the quicker players in the league i mean
were you never really the same at the end no i'd say i'd say my left leg was like i played at 80
my right one was 100 so like it just i i was never the same
like i was always um like there was a time where in in some negotiations where i was like might
have been like a darren helm type where it was like being discussed and then that injury happened
and it you know obviously it was never the same after that but that i don't know it just it changed my life because i just
learned how to okay how do i survive here how do i like just just last year after year in this league
and it's such a grind isn't it biz and you just like you're obviously like you're you're a tough
guy but it is it's a grind big time especially an injury like that and then like the over
compensation as well so the alignment of your body's an injury like that and then like the over compensation as well
so the alignment your body's constantly being thrown off and that's the that's the hardest part
that's probably why you went to went to see all the gurus to figure out hey can i get this to
where it's not affecting you know hip groin whatever it may be yeah it was it was you know
like muscle things i didn't even know how that I had in my body on my left side.
Like, oh, your oblique shot.
I'm like, what is that?
You know, your this hip flexor, your glute, everything down my left side was just like always constantly.
So anyways, I had not to talk too much about the injury, but I had a bunch of, you know,
little routine that I'd have to do to like warm my left side up before practice and games and stuff but
uh it ended up all right I was gonna ask as your career went on did you kind of become more of a
more of a clown in the locker room so to speak because you started to feel more comfortable
and I think it's in your your in your nature too right just a just a glue guy you know and that was like every like you know after san jose so i was there for five
years and then i spent six years on four other teams but that was kind of the the theme it was
like when my agent was talking to jams it was like i've heard that he's great in the locker room
and uh you know you just when you hear that you have to embrace it
if it's going to help you survive like uh for instance you know you have the responsibility
sometimes of collecting the rookies money when they put money on the board of the fines
and i also heard another story uh you and jumbo got into it because maybe one time you forgot your
duty you guys are teeing me up here i love it yeah the squeegee all i've read is the paragraph
about like ask him about this,
and I have no idea where this is going.
So this is a Jumbo Joe story, ladies and gentlemen.
Yeah, it's a classic Jumbo story.
And did you guys ever see the article in The Athletic that came out?
It was just, like, 50 quick, like, small paragraph like small paragraph stories before this season it was before
this season it was unbelievable it was awesome i my story and that was like when he made me fight
in a during a tv timeout um we can come back to that but he uh yeah like all of a sudden i was supposed to he just he got done after practice and i was uh
i think it was my fourth or fifth year and i i was apparently now the fine fund collector
but i wasn't and he said no you are and they're late on their payments so we kind of like
at that point like we were such good buddies like
i was comfortable firing back at him pretty good and uh yeah we ended up we ended up in the uh
in the shower together just just me and him and uh he had me he had he had me by the throat
up against the wall i mean he's a big boy too.
And I'm a little guy.
And I was in one.
You're both butt-ass naked.
He's choking you up. Oh, yeah.
You know how it is.
And that was my last line of defense.
Like I looked over in the corner and there was a squeegee.
He would love to tell this story.
He would love to tell this story. Have you guys had him on? No, he said when he retires. Oh, man. He is he would love to tell this story he would love to tell this story
have you guys had him on no he said when he retires oh man he is gonna love to tell this
story he said that right biz yeah he's the so that was my last line of defense i was able like
as he was choking me he had he was like he had me lined up too like he was gonna completely knock tko
me with like you know the wall right behind my head. And I grabbed the squeegee and I was able to get two hands on it.
I just basically speared him as hard as I could.
And he like, he let go of my throat and he looked at me and he went full swing, full
swing.
I ducked and I went baseball bat, squeegee, the rib cage.
I mean, he had, he had a scar.
Like, it was there for weeks.
And then it was, like, on.
Like, he was going to annihilate me.
But a couple other naked guys made their way over.
Next thing you know, you've got a lemon pie going on.
But typical Jumbo, like comes, I get home,
start playing video games. He comes right in through the front door,
has a chew, tells me how much he loves me.
He only does it because he cares. And that's, that's just him.
He's just the best, you know, it's led living legend,
still playing the game. And you know, you only have, it was like so crushing for me, but. And, you know, you only have  it was, like, so crushing for me.
But then, like, you know, he comes over and smoothens it out after.
It's pretty typical Jumbo.
He's one of those guys you just want to do stuff for, you know.
So what is the story about him being like, hey, Mitch, go out and fight?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, he stood up.
I was dog shit having a terrible game in Dallas.
You guys could probably find the media clip on this about Brad Richards,
about what he said after the game.
It was Brad Richards?
Yeah.
Why are you fighting Brad Richards?
I'm surprised he even fought you.
He's nasty.
He's no business fighting you.
I have no business fighting anyone either.
So I'm at the end of the bench.
I'm like, I think it's my turn to go on the ice.
We'll see what coach picks here.
TV timeout.
Jumbo's standing up, and he's telling me how dog shit I've been.
Screaming it.
I'm like, McClellan's right behind him.
I'm like, dude, like, really?
Come on.
You're dog shit tonight.
Do something.
You know what?
Go fight someone right now.
Right fucking now.
Go fight someone.
And I'm like, what?
So I'm like, well, you know what?
There's two minutes left up here.
I'm like, maybe Todd's not going to pick me right now.
You know what I'm like, well, you know what? There's two minutes left up here. I'm like, maybe, maybe Todd's not going to pick me right now. You know, I'm like, I'll just sit down and getting assaulted by my
captain basically. And, uh, he's screaming over everyone, your dog should do something tonight.
Waste of space. It's like taking abuse. And, uh, and, and so he's like, calls our line out.
So I go into offensive zone faceoff.
The red light's still on.
You know how the refs like drop the puck?
Like just leave it there during the TV timeout.
Sometimes on the dot.
So the ref's kind of making his way over.
I don't even know who it is.
I just see someone kind of on Dallas like skate by me.
And I two-hand him in the ankle as hard as I can.
This is before the face-off?
Oh, yeah.
We're not even
at the face-off, Doc.
He's got me so fired up that I need to
fight. That could have
been Jamie Benn or someone.
Who knows? I just
see Gates, and I just two-hand
as hard as I can. I look up.
It's Brad Richards.
I'm like, oh, no.
He spears me.
Spears me.
Next thing you know, gloves off.
We're going.
I get two five and a ten, so I'm done for the game.
I go to the locker room.
Jumbo, first guy in the room.
Fucking right, dude.
Let's go.
That's what I'm talking about.
We're going to win this game for you, let's go. That's what I'm talking about. We're going to win this game for you.
Let's go.
I got 17 minutes in the box.
I'm just going to watch the rest of the game.
And we did.
We won.
We came back and won.
And that's just, I don't know.
He's one of those guys.
You just do stuff for him because he wants.
Alpha.
Alpha.
Total alpha.
Trying to bring the best out of you.
Crazy.
If there's one thing I've learned from this interview
is you succumb to peer pressure pretty easily.
Oh, yeah.
When it's Ronick and Jumbo when you're a young kid.
Yeah.
That's true.
That's true, too.
I probably would have as well.
Oh, my goodness.
I know.
Now, your first NHL coach, man, what's his name?
Ron Wilson.
Did he have you wishing you were back getting chased by vampires he was uh he was my coach my rookie year and then the second year
we made a coaching change so it was Todd McClellan's first year with us but Ron uh yeah he had an
interesting style but he gave me my chance so I only have good things to say about him what do
you mean interesting?
Just like the way he motivated an old-school guy to scream?
Yeah.
Dude, he chirped.
I had him at the Olympics, and it was different, but he chirps, huh?
He'll chirp you.
Like, you're on a 10-game slide.
It's like, well, you don't score tonight.
You're probably not going to play the next game.
And you're like, oh, boy.
So, yeah, he was old school.
Like, you know, sometimes maybe he'd say good morning, probably not.
You know?
So, yeah, always grump.
So, was it a good change when you guys got Todd McClellan?
Obviously, a little bit.
I'd say not like a  is he a players coach?
I'd say definitely more than Wilson.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was a great change.
I mean, he was Mike Babcock's.
Like, I think the players in Detroit, they loved him.
Yeah, they were so sad when he left because that was after they beat us in Pittsburgh.
He took the job the next year.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
And he was just, yeah, just could command a room where, like,
the older players are, like, perked up, you know?
And that, like, when you look around, you see, like, the veteran guys are,
like, all in and, like, really listening to, like, he's just a general.
Like, he can really, he speaks so well in front of it.
He's like a Nick Saban, you know?
Like, maybe not the best X's and O's guy guy but can get the best out of you and just command
the room and uh like he was he was fun to play for yeah he was really fun to play for and we beat we
ended up beating the wings like i could beat him maybe two years in a row in the playoffs and
anyways the first year babcock after the series the series, I think we won in seven,
he said we got out-winged tonight, which was cool.
Because Todd came in, revamped a whole new system that was identical.
As you guys know, it's just a copycat league.
Completely identical system to Detroit.
And it was like, okay, it's up to you guys to do it better than them and we did.
So it was like, it was such a big
moment like for the
Sharks organization to finally beat the Wings
that were just always in the
Stanley Cup like or close to
every year. Yeah.
Before the second season, Todd McClellan, he made
Rob Blake the captain after four seasons
of Patrick Milo, then Joe the year after.
What was the whole story behind that?
I mean, it's unusual to have three captains in three seasons.
No, honestly, there was no drama at all.
All three of them are captains, you know.
So it's  and then they did it with  you know,
they ended up passing it down to Joe Pavelski and then Logan Couture.
Like, there's no  no like there's really no
backstory to it at all like those guys were all respected as captains as is even if they didn't
have a C on their chest um when I had the chance to first meet with you it was I think it was
Dallas or Vail one of those lockout camps we got to hang out yeah yeah it was Dallas and um
you had an on unreal vibe with your buddy Ryan Clow, who's just hilarious. So you got any funny stories thinking back to Chloe in San Jose?
Tough as shit, too, that guy.
Just, yeah, I mean, I have so many stories with Chloe.
He was just the best teammate, you know?
I mean, he was like the new Eric Lindros.
Like, he could do it all, you know?
Like, hit, fight, skate.
He had some big years.
He had some big years.
Happy he got paid.
Good for him.
But he, yeah, actually, I got a good story.
We lost, this is typical Ryan Clope.
We lost, like, I think both of our tough guys.
I forget who they were.
It might have been Jody Shelley and Fraser McLaren.
Anyways, we had no, like, fighters left in the lineup.
Chloe just started fighting all the heavyweights just for three or four weeks,
just because.
And it was like, dude, what are you doing?
Like, he was just taking on Peros, probably fighting you, Biz.
He was on the first line at the time, I think, too.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Just decided, you know what?
I'm going to start.
I mean, he must have had seven or eight fights that month.
I might be exaggerating a little bit, but just typical Chloe.
Like, that's the type of teammate and person he was.
He was like, you know what?
Like, I'm probably next in line for this role.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to be the tough guy.
Crazy.
And I know it's different when you retire and move on.
Sometimes you don't stay in touch.
But were you able to talk to him?
Because there were some tough times he went through, I think,
with his concussion and stuff.
Yeah, he's doing great.
Good, good.
He's doing great.
And, yeah, he had the concussion problem.
No, he's doing great.
Family's great.
He's got two kids.
He's living in Florida.
Yeah, he's just and and he you know he tried to get involved in coaching he probably will be back
in some capacity at some point but he's uh from what i heard uh he's doing awesome now so your
free agent uh first day of free agency you end up going to minnesota uh with was that the best
deal on the on the table without your big, Mitch, was it all about money?
Yeah, it was the best deal on the table.
I think I had another  I think I had the same deal with Columbus and maybe Calgary.
I had like seven or eight offers that summer.
I was like  the phone was going like crazy at noon.
I was like, how did I fool all these people?
My leg doesn't even work a hundred
percent. Yeah. Like I'm just, this is great. Uh, but no, it was just, yeah, it was the best,
you know, they, they ended up like offer. So I got like two year deals everywhere and then they
ended up throwing in a third for the same amount of money. So it was kind of a no brainer, you know?
Um, and then like a couple hours later they or maybe the next day they they announced
that they'd signed uh the same summer as parisian and suitor so you went in there with that year
yeah yeah it was super exciting time for and then we made the playoffs for the it was the
lockout season actually we ended up making uh you know the playoffs in that was it 48 games we played
yeah um so it's like you know in minnesota hadn't made the playoffs in a long time so it was
it was fun to be a part of it and miko koivu he was a big factor in that team what kind of leader
was he in the room great great guys loved him super easy guy approachable and uh yeah no one has a bad thing to say about miko he uh
yeah he was great and uh heck of a career those those koi booze man jeez yeah they're animals
we're gonna take a quick break from this tory mitchell interview because it's brought to you
by body armor summer is creeping up on us so make sure you stay hydrated with our favorite sports
drink body armor today's athletes deserve more than your grandfather's tired old salty sports drink which is full of artificial
dyes and the body armor made with potassium packed electrolytes antioxidants and b vitamins
plus no artificial sweeteners flavors or dyes body armor sports drink provides hard work and
hydration and more plus it tastes great i'm actually on the water right now it's been a
long week but i loved all the flavors they got berry lemonade orange mango watermelon strawberry you can't beat any
of them body armor helps today's athletes stay on top of their game you can find it for purchase
in store anywhere or amazon right now you can learn more at body armor.com check it out and now
back to tory mitchell and then you don't fulfill the whole deal in Minnesota. They trade you to Buffalo.
How bummed out were you to get not only traded,
but traded to Buffalo during that time?
Oh, yeah.
That was outrageous.
We were like third in the West.
Then I went to, let's tank for McDavid.
And they didn't even get him.
They didn't even win the lottery.
Oh, yeah.
And so I got there um i actually broke
my ankle didn't played like four or five games like after the trade deadline and then went back
the following season that was like that training camp it was like you looked around the room and
you were like well okay i'm definitely I'm definitely going to make the team.
Are we going to have a full team?
We might not win a game the whole season.
Like, could this be more on purpose from the GM than anything you've ever seen?
Big money Mitch was on the first line.
He's like, wait, what?
He won?
High step in top six minutes.
It was great living.
But then you're thinking, all right, this is my last year.
Like, I got to go to Omsk.
I got to line up Omsk right now.
Already calling Russia.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, but we ended up, yeah, and then the following deadline, I got traded to Montreal.
Yeah, so just that feeling, I mean, to get out of Buffalo and what's going on there,
to go to the team that you grew up rooting for, what a phone call to get, I'm assuming.
Oh, yeah, just like jitters, you know, like a little kid again.
It was crazy.
You know, I ended up, like, the phone was just going off.
There was, like, maybe an hour.
No, yeah, there was maybe an hour left on the deadline and
i like our the buffalo gm was tim murray at the time he did say that he was going to try
a couple teams had called about me he was going to try to get me somewhere
that i would like so i couldn't believe it it was crazy i mean i grew up like 10 minutes from the Montreal Forum and Bell Centre, you know, like I went to school downtown, five minute, 10 blocks from the where the Habs played. So that was like the best time of my life. And I'm happy I was able to share it with, it's probably better that I was there, like, you know, at age 30, then 21. So it was fun to share it with like my family.
So, and friends.
Fun to remember it, you mean.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Like it was, it was, it was pretty special, man.
It was.
You kind of became a bit of a fan favorite there.
Was that just because of the connection there
or just because you got off to such a hot start
and maybe like no offense expectations
as far as what you were doing offensively weren't there and you you you had some good numbers yeah it was decent you know like they
they i had two like guys that probably shouldn't have been on the fourth line like i was playing
with deno my first year i was like okay brian flynn like these guys you know flynny's been in
switzerland the last two or three years tearing it up, you know, like doing well. And I'm just like, wow, I got two bits.
When you get out with two players, it's exciting, right?
You're like a little bit play with the puck a little bit.
So not exciting for the two guys that are out with.
Yeah.
That's a whole nother.
That's another question.
I had my guy.
Yeah. It was like rejuvenating, refreshing.
You know, it was like I was like a new  I felt 21 years old again.
Like it was a new period, new  yeah, it was awesome.
I stayed there for almost  I guess almost four  parts of four seasons, you know.
Your first coach there was  what's favorite guy in the world, Michel Th terry on did he blow smoke in your face and talk shit to you too
you didn't like him eh um he no you know i've always actually said he was a really good coach
but i was just kind of his whipping boy but i've also said he gave me a million opportunities and
played me but he was just really hard on me i think he had a hard on for offensive defensemen
who were like i, unquote, soft.
I was the type of player that was like, I drove every coach notch,
and then him, it was just extreme.
But I've dogged him a lot while also saying, like, the guy knows what he's doing.
He just had a time, and I was with him in the minor,
so you can be even more mean.
You know what I mean?
I saw a little different side.
You're the type of player he'd like.
It's different.
He loved me. Yeah. He loved me.
Yeah.
He loved me.
And he was just like, it's so hard to find stuff.
But there are other guys on the team probably that had similar,
like, playing the same way you did.
Probably seemed like, I don't know,
maybe he just didn't like your attitude around the rink or whatever it may be.
But, like, he just, he really he really like he gave me so much opportunity I was playing like you know
instead of eight seven eight minutes on the fourth line it was like 12 13 and uh going going out
against other teams top lines and stuff so it was like I you know I I don't have anything negative
to say about I'm like yeah there was a lot of smoke yeah he loves darts so you know i i don't have anything negative to say but i'm like yeah there was a
lot of smoke yeah he loves darts so you know you had a good run there and then in la and then
was it one of those things where you couldn't get an hl deal and you continued to want to play so
it was i'll look to switzerland yeah i was just like no no more offers yeah it had run its course. 11 seasons. Thank you. Amazing. Have nothing. No regrets. And had an offer from somewhere in Russia. And then I had Lausanne, Switzerland. And it was it was a no brainer. Like it was beautiful town, like crazy, like in the Alps, basically. Yeah. had a had a fun year over there brought the family
over it's just wonderful it's hard too it's hard to get a job in that league like the every import
wants to go to switzerland and there's what three allowed yeah four four i think they moved to five
or something but and plus they're all like you, they're high point guys that usually go over there.
So, yeah.
And they're good.
There's good NHL players that maybe couldn't crack the top six when they were playing.
So they're like, I'm done with the grind.
I want to go play 50 games and make 400 grand in Switzerland tax-free.
Thank you.
I actually want to go back to montreal for one thing you were there during the
pk suban shea webber trade which was huge when it happened how did that go over in the room what was
your reaction what people expecting it what would take us through that uh journey um yeah i don't
i guess you know it was a i think it was just a massive shock for all the fans, for the players.
I mean, you get obviously a big personality who's no longer in the room.
And then and then in comes Shea freaking Weber.
Like, come on. You know, he was just like, guys are just call him dad.
Hey, dad.
Need anything today? Can i get your breakfast here like it was just he's just got that presence about him um so no it wasn't the guys no no one was like
no one was like super disappointed because like next thing you know shane weber is your captain
and like it was yeah i think we safe to say it say it's turned out to be a pretty nice trade for Montreal.
And it was looked at the other way for a long time, for a couple years at least.
Yeah, and that's just because, like, you know, PK did a lot for Montreal, you know, and did a lot, like, in the community.
And, like, just such a big personality with all the French people that just loved him and still do, really, quite frankly.
When looking back, is there one goal that sticks to mind in the NHL
that was like your best?
Like, did you have a highlight reel, anything?
Just my playoff goal in Montreal.
That was like, I had like eight buddies behind the net.
Oh, that's sick.
Second period, yeah.
Scored like a cheesy wraparound goal but i almost
threw my gloves in the air like i won this cup i was ready to go steal three down the ice on the
knees just you know it was that that was like the biggest biggest goal for me even though it was just
i tied the game one one second period yeah they ended up losing four one i'd say you're you're
gonna do the team usulani shoot the duck but i know you i
know you had a a tough experience at one point where you almost got deported in a in atlanta
was it a hunting situation can we get the backstory behind the swan story yeah this is
non-hockey related at all but it's a funny story i'm glad you glad you asked i'm gonna go on a
rampage again here let's do it this would be a nice way to cap it off.
And, buddy, this has been so fun.
Our fans are going to love all these amazing stories.
Oh, good, good.
Yeah, I was dating a girl from Montana who is now my wife.
And I mean, I grew up basically in the city.
So I don't know.
You guys hunt or fish or anything like that?
No, I don't know.
Shit.
I killed a little bird once.
It felt awful in eighth grade.
Yeah, so that's same, same.
Like, I'm out there.
My father-in-law is a huge big hunter.
There's a big hunting and fishing family.
And great, love it.
Get out there trying to fit in here.
So first trip, I think it was to, yeah, trying to, trying to fit in here. So first trip,
I think it was her like 21st birthday or maybe 20th birthday.
Anyways, I get out there, I think it's after my rookie year and they got beautiful property, probably like maybe, I don't know, 20, 20,
I don't know what acres, 25 acres or something, 20 acres,
which is small for
for montana and um i get out there and he's telling me how annoying all the gophers are
because they come into like the the like nice lawn like the property they dig it all up yeah
they dig it all up so like have you ever shot a gopher before? And I'm like, no. He's like, well, do you want to?
I'm like, yeah, absolutely.
So we go outside and we're just like on the four wheelers and just picking off some gophers with my father-in-law.
Not a big deal.
And the next day he's like, hey, have you ever shot a like a more power, stronger rifle? I don't know what number it was was but i think it was 17 instead of 22 or
something like that so i'm like all right like this thing's got the scope on it the bullets are
a little bit bigger still i'm i don't know anything about this guns and stuff and uh so he leaves and
he gives me the gun out of the safe i get back out on the four-wheeler the day before I shot maybe like two gophers and I was
just watching these things like mortified almost but you know I'm in Montana I'm gonna do Montana
things so I get back out on the four-wheeler and uh I start with a couple birds pick them off
boom thank you work my way around gophers are popping up all over the property I start with a couple of birds, pick them off. Boom. Thank you.
Work my way around. Gophers are popping up all over the property,
picking them off. Now I'm starting to become a pretty good shot.
Make my way over a little body of water on the four wheeler, little ranger,
see some, some little things floating around the water, you know,
just going and having a dirty Harry.
I'm unstoppable at this day. I'm unstoppable.
At this point, I'm like John Rambo, dude.
I'm off my four-wheeler, and I'm, like, creeping around trees,
and, like, I got this gun with a scope.
I don't even know how.
I had this ring around my face because I didn't know how far the scope
was supposed to be.
So I got this, like, it keeps, like, coming back and whacking me in the eye.
And then I see the mother load.
I see this bird.
It's like, I don't know what it is, but it's got this long neck.
It's got beautiful black stripes down the back.
Two perfect black stripes.
It's a white, I don't know, it's a goose.
I don't know what it is.
It's a big, beautiful bird don't know it's a goose i don't know what it is it's a big beautiful bird
that you would see at a zoo and i at this i'm taking pictures of all these animals and sending
them to my buddies in montreal with my gun over my shoulder like look what i'm doing boys but
you're not doing that and uh like wedding cranchers oh yeah I see this thing, and I work my way over to it, and I get the thing.
You kind of cock the gun like that.
I get it on the handlebars.
I take this shot at it, and it's like wings flare out like this,
and I'm like, I got it because it's not flying away.
It's just kind of like making its way down this little river bank.
And I get on foot.
I chase it down and I'm going and I'm like missing, missing.
I run back.
I get on the four wheeler.
I work my way closer to it.
I'm like, I already got it.
For sure.
I got it because it's not flying away.
So I got to follow it till, till I get it.
So I can get this picture for my buddies
shooting at shooting at shooting at finally it goes off and i'm like i get off the four-wheeler
i work my way over this little hill i can't find it i'm like man it's out there somewhere i'll find
it whenever so i go back to the house again big adrenaline rush adrenaline rush. I feel like John Rambo.
Go out for my current wife's 20th or 21st birthday dinner.
15 people.
Hey, I'm sitting at one end of the table.
My father-in-law is at the other end.
And he says, hey, did you get any gophers today?
And I'm like, yeah, I sure did.
He's like, how many? I'm like yeah i sure did he's like how many i'm like probably like 10 it's like
did you did you get anything else i'm like yeah i did he's like what i'm like i got i got a couple
birds maybe a couple squirrels like i was shooting every he's like oh you're not supposed to shoot
them and i'm like i I mean, I'm Canadian.
You didn't tell me.
I'm out there with a high-powered rifle.
Did you get anything else?
I'm like, yeah.
I got this big swan-looking thing, big goose.
Like, I don't know what it was.
And the whole table turns and looks at me, and they're like, what what what color was it i was like had these beautiful black stripes on the back and they're
like did you did you shoot it i'm like well yeah i definitely got it because it didn't fly away
and they're like that's the neighbor's like endangered species pet swan and i'm is it dead i'm like i mean it might be
is that okay and they're like no that's not okay that's like a big fine and you could potentially
get deported here if they report it and i was like well it it's got to be in the field somewhere
because it didn't fly away they're like they have its wings clipped field somewhere because it didn't fly away. They're like, they have its wings clipped.
That's why it didn't fly away, dude.
And I was like, oh, boy, we got to go find the swan.
So we get back, and the swan was at the neighbor's house alive.
Oh, best missed shot of your career, dude.
I'm a bad shot, boys.
Kyle Spackler.
Oh, my God. If you found that thing and had to drag it back to the neighbors, you're done.
Done.
I think it was like 10,000 fine and like potentially deported.
Holy shit.
What are you going to do?
Terry, you're alive.
That's a horrible shot.
Oh, man.
I want to go real quick back to Montreal.
Like, drinking age is 18 there.
I grew up in Boston.
We used to drive up there in the summer, 16, 17, with fake IDs to go there.
How young did kids from across the bridge start going to Montreal
if the drinking age is 18?
I think everyone, like, grabbed their brother or cousin's fake id at 16 yeah just start
start roaming around on the streets there but it's a really safe city so it's like
even when that is happening i don't know if it still happens i assume it does uh yeah there's
probably 16 you know grab your brother's id and just comb your hair over try to look a little
older but i know we've kept you a while we definitely got to get you back on with all Grab your brother's ID and just comb your hair over. Try to look a little older.
I know we've kept you a while.
We definitely got to get you back on with all these amazings. No, no.
Golf or sandbagger.
Oh, shit.
Have you seen our sandbagger series?
Yeah, you guys got to give me.
Biz stinks.
We're not giving you any time, buddy.
We're going to sandbag the shit out of you.
I watched one the other day because our third instructor went to Plywood State with Mike.
Plywood State?
Yeah, just meatheads.
He sent me one.
I watched like 30 minutes of it.
You guys were playing against.
I can't believe you were calling him Jose.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Jose did not like that.
He's from Acapulco.
Jose the X-master.
I'm not as automatic on the greens as Jovo, so I'm probably a 12 handicap.
All right, well, you grab another partner.
We'll do it, Mitch.
This was a long time coming, an incredible interview,
and I'm really excited for you with Elevate and Diamond.
Chris Diamond was my partner my freshman year.
He was senior captain at BU.
So he's like I look at him.
I always looked up to him.
He's a great guy.
I'm pumped that you're probably going to be doing some business with him.
Good for you guys.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
I appreciate you guys having me.
I'm glad I could share a couple stories.
And we will set something up for some on-camera stories with Mitch, Doug.
Yeah, next time we'll get some.
Big money, Mitch.
Next time I'll ask about Douglas Murray, too.
That's the one I want to talk about.
Oh, yeah, we'll go into him later.
That's a whole pod to itself.
And his website is elev802.com,
E-L-E-V-802.com.
So check it out
if you're in the Burlington, Vermont area.
Yes, sir.
You still got those Montana connections?
That'd be a great place for a sandbagger.
Yeah, it would.
It would.
I actually belong to a course in Montreal as well.
That's pretty nice.
Nice. I got my brother's ID. All right, Mitch. Hey, good luck with everything and we'll talk to as well. That's pretty nice. Nice.
I got my brother's ID.
All right, Mitch.
Hey, good luck with everything, and we'll talk to you soon.
Have a great one.
Thanks, buddy.
That was awesome.
Thanks, boys.
Huge thanks to Torrey Mitchell for joining us with an, like I said,
all-time epic story, plus the other ones.
I mean, fighting Joe Thornton naked in a chalet.
I don't know if you've ever seen Eastern Promises.
Did you ever see that movie?
No.
Viggo Mortensen.
Oh, sick scene.
Incredible fucking Russian mob, Eastern mob movie.
He fights a guy in a sauna, and they're both buck naked.
All-time fight scene.
So that's what I was thinking of when Tori told that story.
Was it a realistic fight, or was it kind of like a-
Extremely realistic, yeah.
So like a lot of squirming, and-
It's-
Everybody's sweaty.
Wait, is that the movie when he's out of the game, and then they find him?
What movie is Viggo Mortensen?
No, Easton Promises.
He's like a Russian mobster.
Yeah, he's in a movie, though, where he's a gangster, but he's moved on.
He's a former mob guy.
Oh, History of Violence.
History of Violence.
Yeah, that movie's sick.
And his wife dressed up as the cheerleader for that awesome fuck scene.
Yes, yes, yes.
This is throwback chicklets.
This used to be chicklets.
No, I'm getting fired.
No, keep going.
I'm getting fired up.
That's a great movie.
Joey something.
Yeah, he was the Philly mobster, and he tried to live outside.
This is why I can't get circumcised, because if he keeps talking about this stuff on podcast.
Stitches pop.
Stitches pop, folks.
I got to worry about my health and my fucking sensitivity.
One of his early roles.
You've seen Carlitos with Al Pacino. No, you told me. I got to watch it. Viggo Mortensen, of course. One of his early roles. You've seen Carlitos way with Al Pacino.
No, you told me I got to watch it.
You still haven't seen it?
He's also sick in the recent one where he's like a bodyguard or a driver for the piano player.
Oh, the Green Car.
No, the Green Book.
The Green Book.
It's a great movie.
Viggo's good in that.
He's a good actor.
Very good actor.
Eastern Promises.
This is one of the naked fight scenes.
It just gets our brain going.
Upstate New York.
He's from Watertown, New York.
I think he might be a Canadiens fan.
Someone tweeted a picture of him with a Canadiens jersey the other day.
He's probably going to block us because we said the hit wasn't that bad.
I forget the fucking guy's name.
He was like, Carlito, I can't walk.
I can't hump.
Dude, I can't believe you haven't seen Carlito's way.
No, every time I see it on, I'm like, I got to watch this thing.
Absolute gangster classic.
Well, anyways, if you want a gift for the dad who's a big softie or the dad who loves naps,
no matter the dad, get him a gift that can really be comfortable.
That's Tommy John.
From ball-catching dads to ball-scratching dads, all dads agree.
When they're wearing Tommy John underwear, they're much more comfortable and they can do everything better.
That's why Tommy John doesn't have customers, they have fanatics.
Hundreds of thousands of them who, after 13 years and tens of thousands of five-star reviews,
call Tommy John the most comfortable underwear ever.
Because with dozens of smart innovations, once a tries tommy john underwear he's never going
back like breathable lightweight moisture working fabric with four times the stretch of competing
brands with over 14 million pairs sold dads across america love tommy john underwear i got a pair
myself right now i don't want to gross this out and show you but they're super comfy and there's
no risk because he's always covered with to John's best pair you'll ever wear.
It's free guarantee.
So go to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your first order right now.
Order by June 15th for delivery by Father's Day.
Again, you get 20 off your first order at TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
Once again, for the folks in the back, TommyJohn.com slash chicklets. Once again, for the folks in the back, TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
See site for details.
And that stat I butchered earlier about Jasperi Kakaniemi.
That was decent.
Jasperi Kakaniemi.
Yes.
He just needs one goal to tie Sidney Crosby and Wayne Gretzky
for playoff goals scored before the age of 21.
So that is very impressive. This is a guy who didn't even get the nod to start the series.
So stop blaming Mitch Marner. Stop blaming Matthews. Sometimes you just gotta. Is that
tying them two for most goals under 21 though or is it just tying them two? Because there's a
there's a difference. Do you know what I mean?
I know.
You just put my brain in a pretzel.
Yeah, mine too, a little bit too.
Do you understand what he said?
I understand what he's saying, but I don't think you have the answer. No, I don't think I'll ever understand what you just said.
I can re-listen to it tomorrow, but I don't re-listen to the podcast.
I'll ask you again tomorrow, and then maybe we can figure it out.
Just when you think you have the answers, Biz, what changes the questions?
What's that
from, R.A.? Is that from something?
That's from his Jeopardy trial when he failed.
Let's talk about the Jeopardy
play, but yes, I told
Biz earlier, my failed
Jeopardy tryout, it was... Well, I shouldn't say
failed, because it sounds like you crushed it.
Yeah, right. I didn't get called for Jeopardy.
Your fidgetiness might have killed you. hitting the button they're like sir let us
ask the question ding ask the question i want to guess the question yeah i had a tryout probably
20 22 years ago they would bring you to a hotel conference room like 150 people at a time maybe
and they give you a written test 50 questions and i aced that
so i i don't know how many i got they don't tell you but i probably got no well well how do you
know that well because they bring you to the next round they they're like only the fallen people and
everyone else fair enough how many people went to that next round probably 12 out of 12 out of 150
rough yeah okay yeah so like you know like they're well enough get to that. And what they do is they play a mock round
and they tell you, don't worry about the questions
getting them right. They just kind of want to see you
on camera or whatever. And they ask you to name
five interesting facts about yourself
because back then you could only be a Jeopardy
champion for five days. Now it's
unlimited. So I wrote down
five wacky facts. Bungee
jumping naked. I won a Mick Jagger
impression at a contest. Tickets for the Stones. He's like, you know, wacky facts, bunnies jumping naked. I won a Mick Jagger impression at a contest, tickets for the Stones.
He's like, I'm fucking two on one of this shit.
I've raised the cup 14 times.
I'll kick my coverage a bunch.
Robbed the back of a truck with my uncles.
Drove getaway for a school one time.
I hit a 17 parlay in seventh grade while reading a Playboy.
Wheelman for a pharmacy rubber when I was 12.
I'm joking, kidding.
Do you think that maybe that's where it went south was the five stories?
No, no.
I don't think it really went south.
I think they just decided not to pick me.
But when I walked out of that building that day, I was as confident as you can be.
It's the typical Hollywood line.
Like, don't call us.
We'll call you.
There's really no number to call them anyways.
And they say, if we're going to pick you, you'll'll hear within a year and every day i get in for like the next
six months first thing i do make you wait a year they tell you they keep you on file for like that
long so so every day i'd come in check the call remember caller id like when it was a new thing
a novelty you'd have like this thing on your phone you do it i would come in every day looking for a
california number it would just say jeopardy the only thing i had was a pen they you a Jeopardy pen when you take the test, and that's all I had.
You still have the pen?
Fucked you.
Somewhere I buried.
Yeah, I got it buried somewhere.
Jeopardy fucked you.
Were you somebody that would watch the show and get a lot of the questions right?
Yeah.
I'm not even bullshitting.
I don't know if any of my old college roommates.
I used to win subs on my floor in college.
Like submarine sandwiches?
Yeah, like at Subway when we were dirt poor living in the fucking campus towers i would say all right i'll bet you i get
x amount tonight and i would win like win food and shit yeah we should do a live stream of a
jeopardy where ra has to fucking no no no we need memes to make the jeopardy board and make the
likely five categories for ra that he could crush, like rolling a bone. Rolling stones.
Rolling stones.
What else could be on there?
Movies.
Yeah, movies.
NHL.
No, I'm thinking of more.
Simpsons.
Simpsons.
Simpsons.
Playboy articles.
Playboy authors.
And what would be a good last one for R.A.?
Sleeping in.
Hugh Hefner's palette.
Who likes to sleep in?
Absolutely.
But now they do everything online and you can take the test, whatever, but I've taken
it and it's just not the same.
In person that day, it was boom, boom, boom.
I was rattling them off.
Online, I haven't had any success, but maybe there's a big Jeopardy fan who works there
listening now and who knows?
See what happens.
Oh my God.
Biz, I have that stat for you.
Cocker T.M.iamy is fourth all time,
and he's behind Jordan Stahl, Roenick, Brent Sutter,
and then he would tie Gretzky, Crosby, and Brindamore.
So, yeah.
So, all right.
I figured that the way that you worded it,
that it wasn't number one,
but they're just using those two names as like,
this is that.
The standard, yeah.
Great job.
Great job, Mikey.
Great job, Biz. That was Biz. Good standard, yeah. Great job. Great job, Mikey. Great job, Biz.
That was Biz.
Good stuff, Biz.
A little tummy stick action.
Well, you mentioned Lil' Cros, which is a perfect segue into the Ted Lindsay finalist.
Well, it's a little awkward.
Crosby, a three-time winner, was nominated along with Austin Matthews, who led the league with 41 goals in 52 games.
First American to do it in 24 years since Big Walt did it back in 96, 97.
We're 52.
Shout out Big Walt, my boy.
Connor McDavid, 105 points, led the league.
All three Ted Lindsey finalists out of the playoffs already.
And not only that, all three facing some serious questions in the offseason.
All three of those teams crossed me to the abs after they win the cup.
All three of those teams is like, what's going to happen?
What will be the changes?
Who's coming in and who's leaving?
So it's a weird time.
We talked about the salaries and how many guys aren't in the playoffs anymore.
But McDavid's running away with the Lindsay and the Hart.
Patrick Kane was saying it himself at the end of the season.
It was a season for the ages.
He was tapping out?
He was like, yeah, I think this is like why are you
asking me it's like connor mcdavid's kind of like when they ask eiserman about the draft
oh my god can we roll this clip eiserman this guy is an absolute treat yeah so to tee it up
like the obviously we'll get into it but the the lottery was tonight and congrats to buffalo
on winning it uh the year before the next two superstars are coming
along another team that taylor hall was a part of that has won the draft lottery i believe the
fifth time now first overall maybe sixth i don't know keep going i'm sorry well eisenman's doing a
press conference on zoom and ripping up and and they got detroit got the sixth pick and i'll just let
you listen to what's going on here because he just puts this guy's brain in a blender mine too
not much separation there in the top 10 i mean players could pretty much see players go in any
order after the first couple of picks uh i don't even know about the first couple of picks. Who are they going to be?
You seem to know.
No, I'm asking you.
I'm asking you.
Okay.
Who are the first two picks?
Owen Power, the first pick, would be my projection.
Okay.
Who's second?
I'll go with Edvinson.
Okay. Interesting. We'llvinson. Okay.
Interesting.
We'll note that.
Yeah.
Thanks, Steve.
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah, so that kind of shows in terms of like draft years, this is the biggest clusterfuck ever because of COVID
and how many leagues didn't play shortened seasons
if there was a season for junior age draft eligible guys.
And Owen Power is the kid from Michigan, big defenseman,
who's looked at as more than likely the number one pick.
But even Eichmann says, like, oh, yeah, who's going to?
No one has an idea.
There is not a clear-cut one-two Taylor-Tyler year.
Matthews, who, no, I'm thinking Eichel, McDavid.
And so it's just a crapshoot because so many guys weren't seen.
And I think that Eisenman's making people aware
that nobody has an idea of how this draft's going to go.
Maybe Bob McKenzie.
He'll probably still get the first 10 picks right.
What Witt's trying to say is the Arizona Coyotes
picked the perfect year to completely avoid the first round.
So we're, in fact, playing chess, not checkers.
Fuck the rest of the league.
Fuck the Leafs.
I'm off the wagon.
Back to the Coyotes, baby.
Hey, I saw the
Woo!
They said today, like, Arizona does not have a first-round pick.
If they win the lottery, we'll just redo it.
We'll do it all over.
They were just going to be like, okay, start again.
Hold on.
Call them all again.
That's business team.
Who cares? People don't even know who's in the draft this year.
I've never even heard of Owen Powers.
It's Shane Wright.
That's what we're doing.
We're waiting for him.
Shane Wright's next year.
He's next year, and Conor Bedard's the year after,
and Buffalo got it this year.
I'm going to kidnap him.
He's coming to us regardless, so all you other fucking teams,
forget about Conor Bedard, okay?
Yeah, Buffalo got the first.
Seattle Kraken will have their first year in the lead.
They'll be picking second, followed by Anaheim, Jersey, Columbus, Detroit,
San Jose, L.A., Vancouver, Ottawa, Chicago, Calgary, Philly, Dallas,
then the Rangers, and, of course, the rest will be determined during the playoffs.
Who was Dallas' guy on the Zoom call not impressed with getting the 12th pick?
I didn't see that.
Just pitch and toss the earbuds.
Right away?
Oh, yeah.
Just fucking out of the fucking ear.
I'm done with this Zoom call.
Why do I need to stay around?
I know I'm picking 12th.
I don't know who we're taking.
Yeah.
Well, Ted Lindsey wasn't the only finalist we heard about.
The Vesna finalist we announced the other day.
Vasilevsky, no brainer there.
The guy's been outstanding.
Phillip Grubauer from Colorado.
I believe that's his first time as a finalist.
He's a bum.
And Marc-Andre Fleury, who, funny enough,
he's won all the Stanley Cups.
He's never been nominated for a Vesna before.
Is this a year that Fleury gets it
in terms of the Career Achievement Award?
His first time ever even being nominated somehow.
I don't think they do that much with the Vesna.
I think it would be tough to pick Grubauer given what's in front
of him. Because they've heard about you ripping on
him all year? And that too.
I think, yeah, do you think that
plays a factor, G? It could. Some
media members are like, Biz has been on this guy's
case all season. If R. Ray played a factor
in my octopus teacher
winning an Oscar, I think that maybe
I can sway them to voting
to Marc-Andre Fleury winning his first ever Vesna
in what, his how much?
17th, I think.
17th year?
Is that the oldest somebody's ever been nominated
for a Vesna for the first time?
Classic biz question.
Wow, that's a great question that I don't have the answer for.
Wait, are you saying...
Typical question.
Well, you put my mind into pretzel earlier,
so welcome to the Thunderdome.
Hey, but if you think about it,
it probably is because 17 years before you're up for Vezna,
I can't imagine that that's ever been the case.
How many guys even play 17 years?
Hauser's going to be 50.
He's going to have no money left
because he's lost every Sunday night football game.
Taking the bills, plus seven and a half.
They're losing by 30.
Yeah, it turns into Dominic Hash for the Sabres fucking at 50.
The Sunday night piss check bet.
Trying to get yourself to even.
He's got a Bud Light tattoo on his forehead at that point just to pay for the fucking gambling debts.
We want to send get well wishes to our buddy Hazy, Kevin Hazer, the Philadelphia Flyers.
He had core muscle surgery last week.
Should be ready for next season, but saw that.
Just want to send love out to our boy.
That's why you never, ever do abs.
That's why I don't touch my abs because you can't get core muscle surgery if there's nothing there to do the core muscle surgery on.
So I hope he feels better.
He said right away it sucked, but he's getting better every day yeah that's why i had
bilateral sports trainer surgery too much fucking that was hey that that was your uh that was your
cardio in the summer back in the day like uh biz you doing the bike now i'm going to tear up for
14 hours straight i'll be sweating my dick off. Just a fucking nail gun.
That's it?
Sewing machine.
That'll only get better.
Need some Roman swipes
in the mix.
All right,
what happened
when you went skydiving naked?
Bungee jumping naked.
Yeah, bungee jumping.
Yeah, skydiving.
It was pretty funny.
South Padre Island,
spring break.
It was 93, I believe.
No, 94.
It was only me
and one of my boys. Usually it was a crew
of us, but everybody was either
getting older or breaking up or whatever. So we
went down to Sal Padre. We walked in our
hotel room and there's four dudes already
in the room when we checked in. All inclusive.
It was like, I don't think we ordered these guys.
We're here for the gangbang.
Yeah, here for the gangbang. Exactly. It was one of those
fly-by-night operations and they overbooked.
But they were kids from Dorchester. We got along with them great. It was kind of hilarious. Whenby-night operations, and they overbooked. But they were kids from Dorchester.
We got along with them great.
It was kind of hilarious.
And when we got there, when you were going to
This dude flies around the world.
They're splitting cigarettes.
Yeah.
When you were going to Spring Break
Stand-up 69, fucking sharing the mattress.
There would be rumors about the place you're at.
And down South Pottery, someone was like,
Oh, if you go bungee jumping naked, it free so it was like all right so we were at the bar louie's backyard
and the bungee jumping's like two pairs over and um you know we were getting gassed up in the
afternoon i was getting a little beer balls and i was like you know i'm gonna go over and i announced
to the bar i'm going bungee jumping naked right now i was like yeah yeah bullshit so i walk over
and i go to the table and i says is it free if you go naked they're like guys like
no and I was like well can I go naked anyways and he said sure so I started dropping trowel and then
someone at the bar was like he's really gonna do it and the whole bar like walked over to like
start chanting they start chanting naked boy naked boy so you know they do those fake tattoos
yeah no well yeah I got naked boy like written on my back for like the rest of the
week so i went up dude and it was one of the most liberating experiences of my life to be
completely buck naked it was a little chilly that day so had to get a little cover oh no i couldn't
do it i couldn't do it especially without a covered wagon because it would be like that
that's when he lost the jeopardy he told that story the jeopard Jeffery guys. Like, nope. That was story one coming out of the gate.
The guys are like, oh, I was going to pick him, too.
Naked boy.
So I'm waffled, ripping fucking.
I'm doing nosebleed vodkas, and I'm bungee jumping naked in South Padre Island with a kid from Savin Hill.
It's a novel.
It's like a Harry Potter book written down.
It was a written essay.
Well, they asked me if I wanted a videotape of it where's his dick no fucking way oh you oh you could have got the
video yeah i don't want to you know it was a shits and giggles thing well we walked away and one of
the kids from milton was like yeah he held up a vhs next pirates of the caribbean the lost tape
the videotape will never see the internet i mean i got a copy i got the copy of it after
like it wasn't very flattering.
I mean, it was hilarious.
It was a great thing.
But, yeah, I don't want that out there.
It was nuts.
It must have been so weird at the end when you're hanging upside down naked and waiting for him to pull you in.
You're like.
Yeah.
That's like a VHS dick tweet or a dick text.
Like the old Breck Barbs special.
Dick pic.
Dick pic.
Oh, a VHS dick pic.
Yeah, you don't want that.
You had to fax it.
And then I get off and people want to take pictures of me.
There was like a family there.
I was clothed by now.
But they're like, oh, can you take a picture with us?
It was like crazy.
As Naked Boy?
Yeah, but again, I didn't take a naked picture.
That was his first little name.
He was blogging as Naked Boy the first couple months.
Switched to rear admiral.
Another Southpaw.
That's the personality he puts on, kind of like Jim Carrey did,
Man on the Moon with, what was it, Tony who?
Tony Clifton.
Tony Clifton.
Ha!
Ha!
What do you mean?
Ha!
Great movie.
Holy fuck, we're all over the road.
How about the girl who left the French Open?
Yeah, Naomi Osaka.
Are we done with hockey?
One more note, actually.
UMass goalie,
Philipp Lindbergh,
won't be back
for his senior year.
He was taken
in the seventh round
back in 2019 by many.
According to our pal
Mike Russo
at the Athletic,
Minnesota has been unable
to come to a contract
agreement with him.
And his agent sent that
with a 30-day letter.
Basically,
he's withdrawn from school.
He's going to be a free agent.
He can sign with anybody.
You know, the draft rules get a little convoluted,
but you're familiar with them.
I don't understand one word you just said.
Is he going to play in the National League?
UMass's goalie can sign with anyone,
and he's not going back to school.
Oh, he's going Jimmy Vesey style?
He's getting the fucking no-boo in every city in the National League?
Kevin Hayes waited long enough to not go with the Blackhawks
and went with the Rangers instead.
Now he's got core muscle surgery.
That's because they brought him to One Oak after.
Yeah, but fucking Chicago's got some good times too.
That's true.
I've had a few good nights in Chicago.
Boys, before we get to the final segment of the et cetera stuff we like,
a few months ago I tried out these OCB rolling papers for the first time,
and now I'm accustomed to life.
These things are unreal.
Wicked smooth burn.
OCB is the largest rolling paper brand in the world
and has been one with nature, crafted naturally since 1918.
So you know they've perfected the process for a consistently great session
time after time.
Again, I'm a huge fan.
Just started using them.
Can't recommend them enough.
In perfect harmony with natural, sustainable practices,
the highest quality textile papers, responsibly sourced and sustainably crafted
have always been the OCB signature.
OCB offers a full line of papers made with sustainable fibers,
including flax, wood, organic hemp, bamboo, virgin,
and come in a full line of sizes in both booklets and cones.
No GMOs, no chlorine, and no dyes in OCB papers.
All OCB papers are plant to puff.
OCB makes their own paper from their mill in Evian to the factories they own in Perpignan, France,
with all fibers and packaging materials sustainably found from within a 500-kilometer radius
in the always-sticks acacia gum grown inan fields that ocb has been reforesting for
decades unlike most brands that buy their paper from a third party ocb oversees the entire paper
making process ensuring a century of quality straight to your hands our paper booklets are
made in a facility that's powered by 100 green energy these are the smoothest burning papers
i've ever used no No doubt about that.
Ask for OCB wherever you buy your papers and sample the entire line of products.
In the meantime, OCB is an unreal deal for our listeners.
Visit ocbusa.com slash chicklets to get four booklets of OCB papers, rolling papers, and
a rolling tray for just 4.99.
Super deal.
You cannot beat it. The bundles were at 20. You get it for 4.99. Super deal. You cannot beat it.
The bundles were 20.
You get it for 4.99.
Limited time only.
Once again, follow OCB on Instagram at OCBUSA to stay in touch with the natural wonder of OCB.
Must be 21 or older to buy the papers and follow the social accounts.
Again, I swear by this stuff.
Love those.
That's all I use now.
They're nice.
That's all I use now. Yeah. thank you for sending them over a great product and that's how i uh i roll mine absolutely man you can't beat it and for five dollars i mean honestly i hadn't had a
tray in so long a rolling tray is so key to the best oh they send me two of them yeah they're so
good to have they just get the little one too yeah it's like find a piece of paper or rip off
a fucking piece of cardboard from your bud light case or whatever it's got a trick you're
good yeah it's probably not healthy uh well just don't smoke the case what mentioned uh naomi osaka
the woman's tennis player uh she was playing the french open and she told him she doesn't like the
press conferences she has anxiety depression she has issues with him if you've seen her press
conferences in the past she's very uncomfortable with him.
And basically said, I don't want to take part in them.
And French Open threatened to basically kick her out of the tournament.
And she called it bluff.
She said, fuck you.
I ain't playing them.
I don't want to do it.
So one of the best young stars in the world leaves.
Sorry, did they threaten to kick her out or was she getting fined?
Well, they said if she didn't meet her obligations,
they would reserve the right up to basically just defaulting her.
I would assume the next press conference would have been worse
and more of a buildup of whatever she was going through at the time.
I feel like the only people that are upset about this are these butthurt sports writers.
That's it.
It's like these fucking dinosaurs, buddy.
She doesn't want to talk to you and they just they they want to be able to like ask her certain questions and in the
end they don't think that they can write an article good enough without hearing like these ridiculous
answers that are never even that clear they're like how many times do you hear an athlete
especially in an individual sport give like like an enormously well-thought-out answer. You know who's really good at it?
Jordan Spieth.
Jordan Spieth's awesome at it.
But also take that for what it is, and that's a treat that they're willing to open up like that.
And that's not necessarily what you get with everyone.
What do they owe you?
What do these guys owe you?
Nothing.
I've seen articles like, no, we get their name out there.
We show the public what you're really like.
Dude, they're not asking you to do that.
They don't need the promotion like they did 100 years ago.
Hey, she made 50 sheets last year.
I think she's fucking good with your fucking article.
It's going to get 2,500 hits.
She doesn't need the Paris Herald talking about her dinner.
She just did the cover of Dior, but I think she fucking good, okay?
Pump the fucking brakes, Dinosaur.
Getting second guessed by a bunch of English majors.
And look, like, I majored in it.
We're media.
Like, guys come on our show.
Obviously, we need that.
But we don't, like, you don't have to do it.
It's not part of the job.
I wrote about the Bruins for years
before I got a press pass.
And I got in the locker room,
and it was no difference.
I wasn't getting anything more
by getting canned quotes. The guys give you the same fucking routine shit over and over and yeah
the media circles the wagons like oh we give you access blah blah it's like well you social media
cut you guys out yeah you're still vital and you're dinosaurs yeah I the whole yeah the whole
newspaper writing thing it's it's not the era for that shit anymore and now and now and the craziest
thing is in an age where you talk about mental health and you talk about respecting it more and understanding where people are coming from,
this girl is one of the top players in the world.
She's made it clear that she's battling through some things in terms of public speaking.
And you know what you do?
You threaten her and you lose the talented stud that she is out of the biggest tournament in the world,
or one of them, a major.
They're fucking fools.
And then the fact that some of them are actually
sitting there and like upset with her it's like wake up that's what it is all right you got
bypassed you guys are done it's not what it once was where you're saying 50 years ago nobody knew
anything about anyone and the paper was all you had buddy everyone's got 14 different things of
social media and like biz said you're making bank off sponsorships from
instagram posts well part of the issue too is sometimes when what it isn't necessarily in a
controlled setting and to what they want being said about themselves and how it's conveyed or
you know blah blah blah sometimes these like little quotes can can be taken and spun out of
control and and it affects these athletes or whoever they may be
to a certain degree especially if it's something that they didn't mean and if they if they feel
they hurt someone else's feelings so a lot of times now especially the ones who they do care
and they do suffer from these types of things they like doing it in a way more controlled setting
and if it's right after a match it's like that's a vulnerable state for that person they don't want to say the wrong thing they want to maybe consult their coach who they trust
first on maybe what they saw so i don't know what and and keep in mind how old is this girl
yeah she's a young woman i think she's 22 years old maybe i'm fucking 30 fucking five thirty or
what am i i'm thirty six alright fucking March
11th 1985 keep the change right
there stack I biz
I'm you know I
would fucking imagine dealing with that much pressure
at that age and having to know
constantly people don't understand
the whole world is watching not everybody
like is personable and wants to like
share the stuff like that a lot of people do but
I don't think it's part of the job, like people say.
Yeah, you're in sports. You guys are athletes. You guys are
entertainers, but it's not part of the
job as far as I'm concerned. I don't think there's
an obligation to speak to media. I'm not a fair
guy to ask because I never had to deal with
the pressures at that level.
I was the fucking guy behind the scenes
playing the music. Yeah, but if you played bad music,
the boys would give it to you. That's true. That was worse.
There's Jim from the Des Moines Register.
How many pregame nuts in the locker room?
How many did you put in your belly
button this afternoon, Paul?
Now you can
say whatever you want through your own social
channels. And because that's around,
why do they need to talk to you?
Do it on your own terms.
I think Tiger has signed
something with...
I don't want to
say it's golf.com but it's it's a website where he's like only pretty much he does a lot of stuff
through them and people get mad about it it's like dude sorry that's that's the way it goes now
yeah and you understand people that that's the industry you don't want to die off it's never
gonna die off but not every athlete wants to talk now nor should they have to so you know we side
with her
again especially when she comes out and says this isn't good for me it's not healthy for me and then
they fucking threatened to basically boot her out of the tournament so i'm glad she gave him the
fingers they fucking deserve idiots power move by her i think ironically the guy who made the decision
didn't answer questions in the media about the situation yeah he did you're right he wouldn't wait
i'm so happy you remembered that but but partly he may say maybe saying i don't want to make this
about me and staying away from it which uh that that's like the one one of the other points from
the other side right is that fair to say didn't the french open make it about them when they
started finding her and Hey, buddy.
She's already got my endorsement.
I'm just saying.
I thought it was funny that he didn't.
I'm just trying to play devil's advocate here.
So we can move on.
But good for her.
Fuck that tournament.
Going to the entertainment front, I recommended to you guys a few weeks back,
Mayor of Easttown on HBO, HBO Max, the wonderful Kate Winslet, Gene Smott.
Tremendous show. I think True Detective might be, when you're talking HBO Max, the wonderful Kate Winslet, Gene Smart. Tremendous show.
I think True Detective might be like when you're talking HBO series.
Season 1 was sick.
Season 1, the top of the echelon of HBO great series.
This one's up there, man.
The plot got a little convoluted at times.
I'm not going to spoil it.
I know you guys haven't seen it.
It was a murder mystery, but it was about the woman.
The title, Mayor of Easttown.
It was about her and everything she was going through. i mean kate wenzel was in titanic 24 years ago she's incredible she's like uh she plays this kind of gruff detective who's going through shit
but you're like rooting for her the whole time uh gene smod who's been doing incredible work lately
but there's a woman at julian nicholson who by the way she's right down the street from medford
massachusetts sean bates yep sean kaka bates she's from the way, she's right down the street from Medford, Massachusetts. Sean Bates. Yep, Sean Cocker Bates.
She's from the same town.
She plays her best friend in the show.
And I'm not going to get into the plot because there will be spoilers.
Dude, the last couple episodes, this woman engraved her Emmy right now.
She did some of the most incredible acting I've seen on TV in ages.
And phenomenal.
I mean, it was like I was sitting there with chills.
Almost like you're welling up watching this fucking show.
It's amazing the reactions you can get watching this, that you just don't expect to happen.
I'm looking forward to checking out.
And I saw, I don't know if it was the director, but somebody said to Winslet in a sex scene, hey, like, I think she had a little bit of a belly.
And he's like, oh, like, we'll clean that up.
And she goes, you will not.
And she made sure that, like, she's like, that's my body.
Like, don't fucking try to, like, yeah. So it was pretty, like, she's like, that's my body. Like, don't fucking try to like.
Yeah.
So it's pretty like legit of her to say, like, yeah, I know.
Like, she's fuck you.
Like, that's how I look.
Is Meryl Streep one of the goats?
Oh, yeah, definitely.
I feel like she's on that path.
Like, she's like, she's taken extremely serious.
Like, Meryl Streep's the goat.
She is.
I mean, I think.
But Winslet doesn't do that much, does she?
She's got like six Academy, six nominations.
But I think, what was her most recent thing?
Sorry.
Meryl Streep's pretty selective about what she does, though.
Yeah, but she's done, she's been in this 50 years, right?
Yeah, she's been involved.
Actually, Deer Hunter 78, I believe, was her first movie.
Because she was dating John Cazale, who played Fredo Polio.
43 years.
I mean, I just don't remember Kate Winslet's most recent movie.
That was like she was awesome.
That's like Patrick Marlowe.
Games played.
Just fuck, 43 years in the film industry?
Yeah, going back the street.
That's a grind.
Yeah, The Deer Hunter, I'm pretty sure that was her first movie.
You know, John, the guy who played Fredo Corleone,
that was her boyfriend at the time,
and he was dying when they filmed The Deer Hunter.
You ever see The Deer Hunter, the Vietnam movie,
won Best Picture in 78?
He was actually dying of cancer when they made that movie.
They filmed all of his scenes first
because he was in such bad shape.
And they are like Meryl Streep and him,
a boyfriend and girlfriend at the time.
And she stayed with him throughout the whole thing.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
He was in five movies in the 70s.
All five were nominated for Best Picture.
Yeah, John Cazale.
Actually, born in Revere, Mass.
He's buried at, I think, St. Mary's Cemetery right over the bridge.
As for Kate Winslet, what was she in recently?
Yeah, like Mirror of Easttown before that.
Nothing major that jumps out.
You know what I said?
If she ain't seen enough that she likes, she dips out.
Yeah, exactly.
Even with the Titanic, she was getting off at everything.
She's not Nicolas Cage.
And she took off the beaten path.
She never bought a dinosaur skull that he needed to make mortgage payments on.
Hey, who was taught?
Oh, I think John, our videographer here, has done movies before,
and he's worked with Nicolas Cage, and he said he's one of the best actors.
And he says, so once he gets it, and the director's like, okay, we got it,
now we'll let you ad-lib a little bit.
He usually does about five to six takes where they get more and more
and more ridiculous of him ad-libbing.
But he says he fucking nails it every time,
and he'll bring it to the point where people behind the scenes
are like chuckling because it's just so like it's...
He's so tapped and has become like crazy, the stories you hear,
but if The Rock's on TV, I'm watching it.
Yeah.
Gone in 60 seconds, he's good.
Oh, yeah, Con Air.
And Con Air.
Con Air was good.
Con Air is phenomenal. He's got that long skullet. Oh, yeah, Con Air. And Con Air. Con Air was good. Con Air is phenomenal.
He's got that long skullet.
Oh, I get the ally of Brady.
Dude, what's his name?
So good in that, John Malkovich.
He's got the ally of Brady going.
Just grease.
Dude, Nicolas Cage has a rocket one-timer.
I've seen him play in street hockey.
No way.
I'm not kidding you.
Oh, no way.
Losers whine about trying their best.
Winners go home and fuck the prom queen.
Yep, you're a Sean Connery guy.
That was Jeopardy too.
Ah, fuck.
Actually, I watched another documentary I tweet about.
I told you guys.
It's called The Donut King on Hulu.
I threw it on a whim.
There's a Donut King in Quincy.
It's so good too.
They got Kino and shit.
Dude, never knew nothing about this. It was a guy,
Ted Ngoi,
I forgot how to pronounce his name. He was a Cambodian refugee.
There was a war in Cambodia.
Khmer Rouge came in in the 70s. They were basically
dictators. All these people had to flee, though.
And the United States took in tons of Cambodian
refugees. The Marines built all these
camps for them to live in. This guy came over
with his wife, three kids, a niece, a nephew,
with nothing, not a penny in his pocket.
He was working like four or five jobs.
He had a donut one day, and he asked a woman,
like, if I save 3,000, you know, could I open a donut shop?
And she said, no, go to Winchell's and go to their bakery program.
So Winchell's Donuts was a huge thing in the 70s in California.
This guy took the bakery class.
He ends up, like, eventually opening his own shop.
Opens another one.
Opens another one.
And then when Cambodian refugees would come over, they needed a sponsor.
He would sponsor these families, and he would put these people on the track to be bakers for donuts.
Right now, dude, there are like 2,000, I think, donut shops in California that are family-run by Cambodian families,
all because of this guy, flood of war situation,
started, like, learned how to make donuts,
and, like, it became, like, a Cambodian thing.
You know, I don't know if it's everywhere in North America.
Like, there's a lot of Vietnamese guys who do, like, hardwood floors around here.
I don't know, like, if it's all over the country.
Like, there's tons of Vietnamese guys.
The guys who did my floors were Vietnamese.
They were animals too.
They worked so hard.
And I tell you, I think all the other quotes we got were all Vietnamese.
You're right.
Yeah, it's a niche thing that when they come to this country, they learn the trade and they do it amongst themselves.
And the Cambodian donut thing, I never knew about it.
It was fascinating.
And like you think of how history plays out.
This like dictatorship takes over, pushes people out of the country.
The guy comes here, starts a donut shop, and all these people got a living off of it.
But it's crazy because I'm not going to give away this.
It kind of takes a U-turn of like, oh, this guy was living on the high on the hog.
And then it's like, oh, wait a minute.
It's a fascinating documentary about a guy.
And you walk away like...
Hulu?
Huh?
Hulu?
Hulu, the donut king when
you watch it it's a it's a quintessential american dream story and you walk away like
what a smile on your face definitely recommend it if you're looking for something to watch all right
i love that um only one i had was holston was the american fashion designer i think it's a six part
uh i don't want to say series because it's episodes it's i think it's a six-part, I don't want to say series because it's episodes.
I think it's one season long.
And who's the main actor?
You know him.
Ewan McGregor.
And he was excellent.
And he's probably one of the most famous fashion designers to ever live and probably the first established one in the United States of America.
Yeah, I'm going to check that out.
And, yeah, it's a dark road.
You maybe don't leave with that same smile on your face
that R.A.'s talking about, but a good show.
Tonight, Hurricanes at the Garden.
If you're in town, come by.
We'd love to see you.
We love our fans.
Bruins, Islanders, game three.
Peace.
If you're a Forsyth doctor, reach out to me, please.
Go Bees.
As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here in Spit and Chicklets.
Huge thanks to our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to everybody at Badiama for keeping us hydrated. Huge to everybody at Simply Safe for keeping us safe big thanks to TaylorMade for making us look good and feel good on the course huge thanks to Tommy
John for making us feel good down below and thanks to everybody at OCB you guys are killing it check
out the papers have a great week everyone
